This place has a great happy hour! Although, the boudin balls were a little heavy. They tasted like they had a gumbo roux in the boudin making it gooey. I have never had gooey boudin and don't recommend that dish. Balls aside, the burger, chicken sandwich, and fries were clutch! Drink specials were a decent deal. Service was superb!Not a bad thing to say about this place! We sat down and immediately felt freezing air blowing on us and our waitress turned up the temp immediately to accommodate us. The apps, cocktails, wine list & entrées were all phenomenal and we loved the modern dining experience that isn't so common in NOLA.We had a fantastic dining experience tonight!  Our server, Carlos, was so knowledgeable and he described the menu choices so well! His suggestions were great.  His service was impeccable!  The food was outstanding.... the gumbo was so flavorful, one of the best I've ever had!  Fried green tomatoes and baked oysters are to die for!  Trout almondine was delicious, very fresh fish, perfectly cooked.  Cocktails were excellent and dessert, the butterscotch budino, yummmmm! One of the best desserts ever!!!  Great food, great service, great dining experience!One of the best maitre 'd s in the business. We arrived early and were serenaded while awaiting our appetizers. I ordered a Pimms Cup before dinner and while out od cucumbers a staff member was sent sprinting down the street to acquire one brownie points for sure. We ordered the cabbage to start, scallops for dinner and lemkn cake for dessert. I later learned the head chef once worked for Clancy's which makes sensw as the menu is nearly identicle, not that is all bad but I felt like I had tasted this menu before.
Overall it was pleasurable experience but there are other places that I would choose first.Worst service. Very inappropriate staff at the bar. The person bar tending literally changed three times during our meal.  No explanation, introduction, or apology. The first bar tender rolled his eyes when I asked if a dish had wheat or gluten in it. The second bar tender actually reached over our plates and between my partner and I, while we were eating, to hand another gentlemen his unsigned check and discuss how he left the wrong copy.... All while keeping his smelly arm hovered over our side dishes and between my partner and me. Finally the third bar tender was MIA for the last 15 minutes of our meal and when we were trying to get our bill. We had to flag down a waiter to come to the bar, in order to pay for our meal. 
The food was actually pretty good but I could barely enjoy it with all of the distraction. 
Really disappointed.Food was not good. My party of 22 people all ordered different food and no one was happy About the meal. Sides came out way after main course. 1.5 hours from
Order to table. Won't come again.This place is (almost) perfect for what it's intended to be. Great food in a relaxed but perfectly adult (can come casually or professionally) atmosphere. Between 4 of us, we had sesame crusted yellowfin tuna, pan seared gulf black drum, etouffee rouge, oysters, salads, lemon ice box pie, banana bread pudding and everyone loved everything. We were comfortable and happy. They were also great about dietary limitations and allergies. The only drawback was that the server wanted to chat with us about our careers as well as our time in New Orleans - he was friendly but this was annoying as we were clearly engaged in our own conversation (in town for a conference) and had not invited this lengthy interruption. Technically I'd give 4.5 stars for the friendly server's less-then-professional interruption, but I would return for the food without hesitation! I recommended to everyone I saw that week.My experience was amazing. Sincerely. From the hand crafted (amazingly delicious) cocktails that were presented beautifully to the VERY sweet matre D and server I can't really say anything bad about anything at annunciation. I LOVED the Bree oysters, they were cheesy and buttery good! You would think that the melt in your mouth, perfectly seasoned-too good to share- pork shoulder signature dish would be the star, but the STAR was the Budino. I have not stopped thinking of it! It is layer upon layer of sexiness that is kind of hard to describe-if you don't order it you're making a mistake! Cheers to Annunciato for an incredible dinner:) Five stars!Annunciation is a neighborhood gem, with comfort food done simply. Bon jour, Annunciation!
The renovated, Warehouse District location's decor has been freshened up, but keeps true to it's classic bones with an almost French nod. From the vanilla walls, exposed brick, long white stone topped bar, a wine room encased in glass, to the old school house lights to the French bar music (which could be louder, and on more consistently), one can watch the scene in mirror running the length of the restaurant in the main room. The art is black and white canvases, Motherwell style. Rosemary sprigs on white tablecloths with little candles flickering make for a romantic night out with my beau. We feel compelled to order Champagne on a Thursday night, c'est no?
As the setting is just right, so is the staff, all in bow ties. Our waiter is sincere, and funny, attentive and not obtrusive, which is appreciated, as we ponder over our next French escape. 
The menu is far from Nola, with touches of French, Indian fusion. I appreciate all the seafood and a bounty of vegetables. We opt for watermelon salad with thyme and goat cheese, on a bed of dark red chicory type lettuce. It's fresh. Next up is the crab and lobster risotto. The crab is so fresh, you taste the sea. The risotto is done perfectly, not lumpy, sticky, overdone or gluey. Instead, it is creamy, not too cheesy or laden with butter, and the right consistency, chock full of crustacean. We try so many of the vegetable side dishes, all are done nicely. For dessert, we debate over the chocolate pot de creme, and the chef's famous lemon ice box pie, similar to key lime but icey cold almost frozen. The tender, butterycrust and lemony topping is just right. 
This new Annunciation is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. We can't wait to stroll back in, but warning, you may want to make a reservation! The word is getting out.Family came in town from Memphis and this was an awesome meal! We got basically everything on the menu (eggplant, Brussels sprouts, crab claws, bread pudding , angel hair pasta , cauliflower , pan roasted chicken, etc) .. great fine dining  .. Would highly recommend . Low key on a SundayThere are few times in my life I've felt...emotionally connected to a restaurant; but I've gotta give it to you guys straight, Randall and company really resonated with me tonight. From Philadelphia, my family and I came to New Orleans with a hunger for adventure...and we worked up quite an appetite along the way! LOL. We started with small plates; a sautéed kale, Brussels sprouts, baked oysters, and the like. All I can say is WOW. The Gulf Drum was, as promised, to die for - just the right amount of crispness. All in all, a phenomenal restaurant. Next time you're in Nola, I couldn't recommend enough. I  Annunciation!Didn't have big expectations, but enjoyed a delicious Maple Vanilla Old Fashioned before an amazing Pork Shoulder over grits and sliced steamed Brussels sprouts. Great music, great service! Why didn't I come here earlier?Fun staff at bar and waiters. Enjoyable dinner and visit. Unfortunately I forgot to review timely but I'd absolutely recommend a vist when in NOLAThis is our favorite restaurant in NOLA. We go every time we are in the Big Easy. Friendly wait staff. Fabulous food. Quaint and lovely atmosphere I had the duck tonight. Omg! Fabulous. My husband had the Pork shoulder. Oh so good!Three stars for food, four stars (or more) for service.  The maitre d was as charming as others have mentioned, to the point of singing some Nat King Cole for us.  We had asked the concierge for a recommendation where 7 of us could be seated without a reservation (around 7pm on a Thursday), and she steered us correctly.  
The appetizers were great; our server raved about the oysters and shrimp remoulade enough that we got 2 plates of each for the table.  The oysters are definitely worth ordering; the brie goes surprisingly well with the spinach and fried oysters.  The mains were good but less exceptional.  I had the flounder special, tasty but not standout, but one of my companions had the pork shoulder which is definitely something I would order again.  
However, the service is what truly made this exceptional--the bartender recommended a wine based off of our taste and price preferences, and it was so good we got a second bottle.  Our server was phenomenal, keeping waters refilled and the table very entertained.  He was an excellent salesman and talked us into desserts...the salted caramel chocolate mousse (bodino) was a nice texture but too much salt although the lemon icebox pie was pretty tasty.
Ambiance was nice; surprisingly someone walked in wearing a t-shirt and jeans but he was admitted, so I guess they're pretty flexible.  It's not cheap but if you need a solid option for a group, I definitely recommend it.Terrible service. Kitchen was over one and a half hours behind due to a catered event upstairs.  Half the sides were cold. Pork and drum were ok.I had dinner here on 5/25 and really enjoyed the food, ambiance, and service.
A great find in NOLA!Dined here last night. Great relaxed, simple atmosphere. Waitress was helpful and friendly. Bread was warm and fresh, perfect. Shrimp Remoulade was excellent. Shrimp were plump and so fresh! Chicken Bonne Femme was out of this world, chicken and potatoes perfectly crisp on the outside. Julia Child used to make this dish! Gravy/broth was full of flavor. I've never had better chicken. Pasta primavera was very good, as was the drum fish and veal fettuccine alfredo. Tomato basil soup was also very good. We ate every last bite. The food took a little time to arrive, but the chef was working alone and with great attention to detail. I'm so glad we found this gem. Compliments to the chef. If we ever visit NOLA again, we will return.Have mercy!!!! How does this place not have a line out the door?!? We walked in after calling ahead so we wouldn't have to wait long. Got seated right away and the General Manager, Cody, ended up waiting on us just because he likes to "get in the trenches" more every now and then. He was great! But the food.... THE FOOD!!!!!! We started with Oysters Rockefeller which we have had at many other places but this was like none other!!! Then I had the gulf fish and my signif had the tuna. Both were out of this world!! Truly out of this world amazing! Then we finished with the banana pudding creme brûlée. HAVE MERCY!!! For drinks we had the southern smash and the old fashioned. So good! The host was also just the sweetest and came over to converse when he wasn't busy. We will DEFINITELY be back the next time we are in New Orleans!!Our server was wonderful and the atmosphere was very quiet for a nice sit down dinner. I had the crawfish etouffe, highly recommend. The desserts sounded great but I was too full after my entree to try. Definitely going back on my next Nola trip.Pleasantly surprised.
- The oyster, spinach, and mushroom soup was rich, not too thick, and had excellent flavor
- The triple tail prepared with nuts, dried fruit, and a touch of tomato was light and tangy.  
- The cauliflower au gratin, well, how can you go wrong with that much cheese?  What I really appreciated was the bite sized portions of cauliflower.  Perfect.
- The boudino was outstanding.  Butterscotch pudding with a thick caramel top with cream and sea salt was all I could have hoped for in a dessert.  I wish I had five right now.
- Service was excellent.  "Plate of Deliciousness!"Beautiful restaurant. Impeccable wine list. Save room for dessert, the boudino is the best dessert I have ever had !!!!!!!Everyones food was good. The service was exceptional. The only thing I was not satisfied with were the drinks. The description didn't match the flavors. I ordered the gulf drum, and it was really good. All of the flavors blended well. The prices are a little steep for the drinks, but the portions are nice for the food. I had the cotton gin Rickey, and I stopped ordering drinks after that because it tasted nothing like ones I've had before. It was bad.Went with a big group. The menu was good but the food was a tad underwhelming. They were also short staffed and took way too long with drink orders. I would try it again with a smaller group.Cannot say a bad thing about this place. Went here for a work dinner with a group of 20. We had a portion of the upstairs with the bar. The servers were very tentative. We had the pre fix menu and everything was simply delicious. I would definitely come back if I'm in town again.Took 3 hours. Long wait between courses.  Didn't have the full menu. Food was good but slow service ruined the experience.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. We started off with the fried oysters and brie, then we had the pork shoulder and grits, and finished with the budino; the food was amazing! The oysters were fried perfectly and the pork was so tender that you didn't need a knife.  The dessert was the perfect combination of sweet and salty.  Garrowy was our amazing bartender and he and the rest of the staff were fantastic!!We had an absolutely perfect meal experience from start to finish. Highly recommend the tuna and black drum. Service impeccable, great atmosphere. One of our new favorites.Unfortunately, it was not the best dining experience. We arrived for our 8 PM reservation a few minutes early and were seated 20 minutes later. While sitting at the bar, the bartender did not even acknowledge us. Once we were seated we ordered martinis, a bit dirty. The martinis arrived approximately 15 minutes later and were terrible.
Our waitress was very friendly and made several recommendations. After the fourth attempt to order a bottle of wine, as none appeared to be in stock we decided to forego the wine. The waitress said we should order our appetizers, entrées and dessert all at one time because they were very busy and only had a few people in the kitchen. We ordered appetizers of fried oysters with Brie and spinach, as well as fried chicken dumplings.  About 45 minutes later our appetizers were served and had zero flavor. The oysters had so much batter all you could taste was dough and oil. The dumplings were not much better. Everything was very bland, no seasoning whatsoever  We decided to cut our losses and leave prior to the entrées.Dined at Annunciation this past weekend and it was great. Everyone from the maître d' to the servers was very warm and inviting. I had a nice salad to start followed by the veal oscar. My friend had turtle soup and the shrimp etouffee. The chef came out to visit our table twice, which was very nice. And it turns out the shrimp dish was his grandmother's recipe! Also great cocktails! For dessert we shared a fabulous chocolate pots de crème and even more fabulous bread pudding. As tourists, we appreciated having authentic cajun/creole food without sacrificing quality or atmosphere.Do not miss the Oysters w Brie appetizer. The flounder was superb as was the Redfish w Coconut-Lime rice-- so refreshing & clean on the palate. Attentive but not intrusive staff. The one drawback:  uncomfortable ice cream parlor style chairs designed to turn the tables. I would go back.Never even made it to the service. Arrived 15 minutes prior to reservation and were told we would be seated at our time. Our reservation time came and went and were seated 20 minutes late. Sat down and no one acknowledge us and we sat there waiting and waiting and decided to leave. Can comment on the food but my guess is that it isn't worth it.Hmmm... I thought this place somewhat average.  First the good things:   
The interior is lovely and the service is great.  
I really enjoyed the fried green tomatoes and the bread that was brought warm to the table.   
The wine we got - a really nice tempranillo that was recommended by the sommelier was great.
I also liked the creole rice that went with the tuna we got. 
On the minus side- the tuna itself was average and we couldn't eat the drum dish at all.  The ingredients were good but it was way too bland for me.
So a nice enough place but since I was not a fan of any of the main dishes - 3 stars.My favorite New Orleans restaurant!  Food and service always great, took my mom and uncle here for her birthday a few weeks ago and had the best time.  Drinks are always on point and every dish we ordered was fantastic, will def be back!My family ate here recently in celebration of my brother's Tulane graduation.  Approaching this restaurant was a bit odd (we walked) as it is nestled next to a gas station, but this downtown/warehouse district is definitely up and coming and I like the "bougie" vibe.  Anyway, on to the restaurant.  The atmosphere inside is charming and funky, with a large bar with a good wine collection and decent cocktail menu.  The only strike against the interior was the ugly black and wide modern paintings that don't seem to go with anything else.  Our party of five enjoyed appetizers and entrees.  Most everyone opted for seafood dishes; a disappointment was that the special salad described to us was sold out by our 9PM reservation.  At first glance the menu had little to nothing vegetarian, but the chef accommodated me by preparing angel hair with vegetables.  It was just okay.  However, the rest of my family enjoyed their meals very much.Recommended by a friend as a great new restaurant.  Food and service and ambiance all very good.  Appetizers: Oysters and brie = delicious, and marinated crab claws = also delicious.  Both recommended by our server and would get the again.  Entrees: Two specials we had were grilled pompano and a filet with chanterelle duxelles = both outstanding and the filet was about the best I have ever had for taste.  Other entrees: slow roasted pork shoulder and black drum.  The pork was so tender and flavorsome.  Sides were black eyed peas, hash brown brussel sprouts - which were sliced and sauteed - yum - and cauliflower gratin.  The entire dinner experience would feature in the top ten we have enjoyed over the past two year in New Orleans. One reason for not giving five stars is you cannot swop starch for a veg - all the veg are al a carte.We had seen this small restaurant for years and finally decided to give it a go. This looked to be a white table cloth, special occasion type restaurant. The maitre d' named Richard showed us to our table and professionally swapped our white cloth napkins for black ones,  since my husband and I were both wearing black. (White napkins leave lint on black clothes). This is my initial gauge for any fine dining restaurant.
The restaurant was "civilized" as far as noise level and the server gave us time to enjoy the meal. We didn't feel like they were trying to "turn the table". Our server, Jasmine, was outstanding. She was very knowledgeable on the menu items and expertly determined our tastes to correspond with appropriate menu choices. You could tell she was a foodie and proud of the chef's offerings.
Since we experiment with lots of restaurants in New Orleans, I must comment on the menu and flavors. Too many times we find restaurants throwing together unconventional mixtures to distinguish themselves and they totally fall flat. This restaurant mixed simple ingredients to produce excellent New Orleans/Southern type dishes. Checkout their online menu.
Finally, Annunciation seemed to be a celebration type restaurant. A stretch limo pulled up with women in gowns and men in tuxedos, however we felt perfectly comfortable casually dressed. The prices are steep, but the experience was perfect. I will most definitely go back....ask for Jazmine as a server, and remember this place for visitors who want a good example of our city's culture and cuisine.Last night had reservations for 8 pm. It was not over crowded and was seated right away!!  Took 20-30 min to get water at table and another 15 to get our cocktails!  Ordered appetizer at same time and got it 45 min later. Our waiter was not attentive at all.  Took our order and came back 15 min later to tell us they were out of three of the thugs we ordered!!! Really??  Took 15 min to realize it. Had to order appetizer as meal bc didn't want what was left to order for enter!  Did not like the mussels or the gumbo!!!!  
I eat out often in Nola and this was the absolute worst experience I have ever had!!  Three hours to have dinner is crazy!!!!  Service was terrible and no apologies were offered!!!!!!  Big XXXfor me!!!!!If this review were based on food alone, I would have given it 5 stars. However, the service leaves more stars to be desired. The restaurant was mostly empty, yet it took more than an hour to have our order taken and first course served. In a city where southern service holds pride, this place will leave you wanting more. However, if you want good food and it doesn't matter how long it takes to get it, this is your place. And Yes, contradictory to the last review... If you like 5 star service Annunciation does disappoint.....Food here was divine. Fried oyster appetizer was perfect. The fish dinner was fresh and tasted wonderful. Would definitely recommend. A bit out on its own but in an area could see becoming popular. Atmosphere was elegant. Will return next time when coming back to NOLA. Also, service was really really excellent.We ate here when attending a convention and I would not recommend this place or its food. Very disappointed. 
We arrived at 8 and it took almost 30 minutes to get a menu after being seated. The server was nice, but slow. 
After finally ordering the food took nearly and hour and was brought to the table looking cold and unappealing. While our meal was comped, it should never have been served. 
I'm all, we never received drinks, bread or decent food after having been there for more than 2 hours. 
Avoid.Being a native of the area and current resident of the city, few things are exciting as finding another gem of a restaurant at which to dine.  I could not have been more pleased with my experience at Annunciation from start to finish.
Upon entering appropriately early for our 8:30 reservation, we were greeted by the maitre'd, Richard, who was just as gracious and charming, as he was fashionably presented.  He tended to our every need.  A table was available on time for our reservation, but Richard approached our party of four, and offered the option of waiting for a different table located in a prime area of the dining room. Naturally, we accepted. He and I developed a friendly rapport, and we were all smiles as Richard escorted me to our table on his arm. 
He then directed our attention to our server Kim.  She was warm, engaging, and very clearly educated with the menu items as well as cuisine in general.  Kim inquired as to whether or not we had dined at Annunciation before, and upon our negative response, she took the time to literally describe practically every single menu item, course by course. Might I add the restaurant was at capacity, and having waited tables myself,  I am certain that she was in a position to condense her presentation but in no way did she appear anything but eager to engage us in the menu description.   Myself and another person in our party have extensive experience in the service industry, and we were equally impressed with Kim's delivery of her knowledge and execution of her service.   It was apparent that she was pleased to take care of us and enjoyed the experience as much as we did.  That makes all the difference, in my opinion.
We had the fried oysters with Brie, in addition to the grilled shrimp as our starters.  We had the hangar steak, the Veal Annunciation, and the Drum entrees collectively.  Everyone at the table enjoyed their meals, but the truth of the matter is that the ambiance and service would have compensated for any shortcomings regarding the food, however none come to mind.
Overall it was a wonderful night. Richard was present at our table throughout the meal, and offered his business card should we require his services going forward.  We will definitely be back to this restaurant, and you better believe that Kim will be our server exclusively at Annunciation. 
My only observation which was less than favorable was the bartender's lack of attentiveness (we met our two guests at the bar, and after approximately 5-7 min, was still not offered a drink menu. Once I finally received a menu, he stood in front of me waiting for my order... No thanks friend.)  I also found the cocktail menu to be a bit lacking in imagination.
Despite this, I still offer a 5 star recommendation based on the overall experience. 
** Reservations are a must!This is my last night in New Orleans so I decided to give Annunciation a try.  I was hesitant after reading some of the reviews.  I have to say, I was very impressed by the service and food.  We started with the Turtle Soup amd Onion Soup.  Both great!  The Veal Oscar was amazing so was my son's Sheepshead with crabmeat and fried plantains.  The atmosphere is great.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.This rating is based on comparable high-end restaurants.   Food was 4-star quality, service was 3-star, but it was priced as a 5-star meal. So I'm giving an overall rating of 3-star.  Had a lovely meal and nothing to complain about, but I suspect they will struggle to complete in the high-end restaurant market unless they up their game.  
Ambiance was very nice and classy.  Like the exposed brick walls
Service was good, not great.  We dined on a cold night and we were initially seated at a table right by the front door.  We saw another (better) table in the back and we had to ask to be moved.  
Think maybe we have hit them an off night.....food? Delicious. 
I don't normally review restaurants, but the service faux pas of the service staff was offensively bad. I'm no stranger to bad service (I mean, who is), but this was egregious.Ambiance great. Great food. Would definitely go back. Next time I'll try to go early and sit upstairs in the lounge for drinks before dinner. Lobster mushroom risotto excellent, shrimp and ham soup was phenomenal. Fish special awesome. Would go back for sureThe staff gets a full 5 stars.  The food is 3.5.  Very nice setting.  A creative and attractive menu that the waitress sold exceptionally well.  8 of us were dinning so we had a great sampling that we ll shared.  Appetizers were the best part of the meal.  Of the main courses, the Chicken and Trout were by far the best. They had a special Bison filet that was also wonderful.  Cat fish was of the wild variety and had a strong fish taste.  I just cannot complement the staff enough.  Over the top service by very knowledgeable professionals.I thought it was a cool name for a restaurant until I realized that it was the name of the street it was on.
I came here for a work event. We had the entire upstairs reserved for our group - 27 people in total. Everything was very nice...the food was very nice, the drinks were very nice, the staff was very nice.
I'd come back.
Here are some things that I thought were kind of meh.
1.  Acoustics. You really do have to enunciate your words here. It gets loud.
2.  The artwork on the walls. Mostly just variations of white paint and scratches on various materials. Not interesting at all.
3.  The pattern of exposed drywall / brick on the walls. Also not interesting, just kind of ugly.
4.  Location. We took a shuttle here so I don't know this for sure, but it was a very weird feeling place. Kind of in the middle of nowhere.
Oh yeah, Tim Roth was hanging out at a table outside when we left. That was kind of cool.Had a very nice meal here on Valentine's Day.  The complimentary glass of champagne was a nice surprise, and the service (waiter) was just wonderful.  My husband loved the veal dish that he had but I had a trout dish that was presented in a very bland white gravy- like sauce.  Overall I found the restaurant fare good but in this area where there are so many incredible restaurants I probably wouldn't put it on the top of my list to return to.Normally I don't write reviews, but my horrible experience at this restaurant last night compels me to do so.  The main reason that I am only granting this place a single star is that I can not believe that they feel justified charging such a large amount of money for such poor food and service.  I have to admit that the decor is amazing and they have done a great job renovating it into a beautiful space, but that can not make up for the restaurant's many shortcomings.
Firstly, the service was abominable.  We were promptly seated by a very pleasant maître d', but the service went downhill quickly from there.  The amount of time that passed between placing the order and when the food came was incredibly long, and the dishes did not come out in a timely fashion.  We were a table of 5, and for both the first and second course there was at least a 5 minute period between when the first few plates came out and when the rest of the table received their food.
Moving on to the food, there is nothing positive I can say about it other than it sounded deceptively delicious according to the menu.  Reality was far from expectations, however.  Appetizers such as the fried oysters smothered in brie were mushy and bland, and the turtle soup was essentially a simple tomato broth with a few bits of very dry and chewy bits of meat.
As if the rest of our experience had not been enough, the main course was what entirely confirmed our increasingly negative experience.  I ordered a black drum filet with crab meat and coconut milk over rice that sounded very appetizing, but I was sorely disappointed.  The filet of fish was rather bland, slimy, and lukewarm.  While the portion size of the fish was reasonable, there was almost no crab meat whatsoever.  There was just a small amount sprinkled on top, and then a cold coconut milk sauce was drizzled on top.  The absolute worst part of the meal was the rice, however, and I don't quite understand how a restaurant in New Orleans can mess up rice so badly.  The rice below the fish was cold, wet, without any flavor at all, and completely disgusting.  I ended up pushing all of the rice to one side and simply trying to stomach my slab of lukewarm slimy fish.
None of the other entrees proved to be much better.  While the shrimp etoufee was at least hot when it came out, it came out almost 10 minutes after all of the other dishes.  It too was incredibly bland, and served on top of the same cold and wet disgusting rice.  After such spectacular back to back failures with out first two courses, we did not even bother to give the dessert a try.
Overall, this restaurant was an incredibly slow and painful experience from start to finish, and I certainly never plan on returning.All I can saw is the bartender makes good drinks.  Other than that, the reception was pretentious.  We waited 45mins after our reservation time and finally gave up.
Headed down the road the block and was immediately seated and served....
Beware, out of towers don't mind bucking the trend...Hopping fun spot! We went here right after they opened and I really enjoyed myself! The food was good but not fantastic that night. HOWEVER, my mom has revisited twice and raved about the food those times. I would love to try it again.We started going for the Veal Annunciation and oysters with Brie. Both are back on the menu after an absence and are both fabulous. We will be backGood  Creole/Nola cuisine! A little small but a good experience overall.Wonderful atmosphere. Cauliflower au gratin was amazing. There are definitely better options for this price in New Orleans, but a great option nonetheless.I was told this is the best new restaurant in NOLA. VERY CLOSE! But not quite.
Very happening, lively spot. Definitely make reservations and be prepared to wait. Interior is big and modern. It's certainly more upscale then we originally thought, I was worried we would get turned away since my husband was in shorts. We didnt though (heart you NOLA!). 
The service here is top notch. Our waiter was on point all night, and our drinks were never empty.
The shining star of this meal are the oysters. They are seasoned perfectly and served atop several items on their menu, including garlic pasta (delicious, but way too big of portion and could've used some additional ingredients to kick it up a notch) and atop the filet. 
I wouldn't put Annunciation at the TOP of your list, but I would definitely make sure its on your list. And then be sure to order the fried oysters.Eaten here many times, and it's great. Everything I've had has been fantastic. Fish specials, oysters, sweetbreads, hangar steak, etc. Can't go wrong. Bartenders are always friendly and everyone is helpful. Go.Fantastic food but even better bar tending staff. One particular bartender had visually stunning tattoos on his arms in multiple languages regarding his favorite drinks to make. Very knowledgeable and made a great old fashioned. The 3 course meal is where it is at with the beet salad, seared ahi tuna, and the chocolate walnut cake with ice cream.Good menu selection. Bread was delicious. Boudin balls were good appetizers. Alcohol choices were good. All of our entrees were solid. Service was fine.I've never given a one-star review for a restaurant before - see my other reviews.
Our first bottle of red was brought to the table and placed on the plate of one of our party, where it remained, unopened, for the 20 minutes it took for our waiter to return.
We also ordered a single glass of white, but oddly the waiter brought by the entire bottle to the table ("you'll drink more than one glass, won't you?  I'll chill it for you"). It was a surprise to realize some time later that he had simply left the open bottle on the windowsill.
The sweetbreads were inedible.  Gristle? In sweetbreads?!? Both orders? The single reasonable outcome of the evening was that we were not charged for the sweetbreads. 
Baked oyster appetizer was very good, as was the drum entree and (I am told) and the veal osso bucco.  The drum was lukewarm by the time it arrived at the table, however.
My pork shoulder was also tepid upon arrival, and was impressively salty.  The jalapeno that was supposedly in it could not be tasted.
Service was so painfully slow that my brother felt compelled to say something.  This did, at the end of the day, result in one bottle of wine being comped - but it was the bottle of WHITE wine - the one that we hadn't even ordered (we had just ordered a glass) - and the comp came with the comment "I don't like it when my manager has to apologize for me, but I'd never stand in the way of free wine." The second bottle of red wine that we DID order did not show up for another half hour.
My wife and her mother ordered greens as a side. Her mother's order arrived with her already late main course, but my wife's order didn't arrive at all,  She reminded the waiter about it, but her greens still did not show up until everyone had finished eating. We sent them away, but were still charged for them too (and the waiter pointed out that her mother hadn't finished HER greens, which seemed like a very odd excuse for not having brought my wife's side dish).
We were told by the manager that the reason for the poor service was that one of their staff had abruptly quit working shortly after we were seated. 
At the end of the meal, I thought back to its inauspicious beginning, which I hadn't thought much of at the time, but which rounded out the picture in the end: the waiter took orders for appetizers, entrees and sides from a table for 7 without taking any notes.  I've seen this parlor trick before from folks with impressive memories.  However, after we finished ordering, when the waiter pulled out his pad and said "ok, let's see if I've got this right" he was unable to remember a single one of our orders correctly.   
I should note that this was a dinner in honor of my mother's parents' 47th wedding anniversary. My brother-in-law made note of this to the manager, but this fact was not acknowledged at all. (Contrast this with the extremely nice gestures that we have experienced at places like GW Fins, Vincent's, Commanders and Brigtsens on the occasion of other anniversary dinners).
Having never written this unpleasant of a review of a restaurant before, this is a bit of an odd experience for me.  BUT: dining out should be an extremely pleasant experience.  Dropping $400 for a dinner for 7 is not something that is done simply because the food is unusually good (which, in this case, it wasn't), but because the overall experience, including the service, makes it especially more valuable than the actual cost of the ingredients.  In this case, the food itself merited somewhere in he neighborhood of 3 stars, even when taking the inedible sweetbreads into account.
The service, however, was SO shockingly bad, and so impressively slow and sloppy and downright unpleasant, that I'd give it zero stars if I were permitted to do so.  I have NEVER before slanged the staff at any restaurant that I have reviewed, so this is also a first for me.
A final side note: women, if you like sharing restrooms with men, this is the place for you.  None of the women in our party found this preferable.
I've reviewed a couple of places where I wouldn't recommend my friends make reservations.  This, however, is the first place I've reviewed where I would actually attempt to dissuade any friends from attending.It helps when a place stays open longer and can work out their kinks.  Decided to return after neighbor went and convinced me that he and his wife had a great meal at Annuncation.  This time light years better than my last.  The restaurant was not very busy, so we chose to eat at the bar.  Very nice and friendly bartender who made excellent drinks.  We ordered the dinner special and the veal with cornbread and crawfish.  Both were very good.  Told the manager that our last experience was not very good and he went out of his way to thank us for returning and wanted to make sure that we had an enjoyable night..  We did.  
I will put this on my list of regular restaurants if they can maintain this level of food and service.Great atmosphere and the food here is amazing. Went here for a large family post wedding brunch. We had a big group and the waiters handled it well. Food was excellent. I had the bacon and the chicken and waffles. Omg, soooo good. Very impressed.Customer service is not lost in this place. I had reservations at a "hot" restaurant up the street and arrived 15 minutes before the restaurant was opened  hoping to get out of the New Orleans heat and have a drink at the bar. Unfortunately, I was turned away and told that I had to wait until they opened. All hope was not lost because I found this gem of a restaurant. I didn't eat here but the cocktail and Wine was just what I needed. The best part is that this restaurant had also not technically opened but they welcomed us in and insisted that we have a drink and look at a menu, all with a smile. I should have stayed at annunciation just for the friendly staff and welcoming atmosphere. But I'm happy to spend my money here and give them a great review for making me feel welcome and making some great cocktails. Customer service is so important and it is a priority in a great place like thisWriting this review may be a waste of my time, as I cannot envision this place surviving with so many other fantastic restaurants with fantastic staff around. However, here is a warning if you are considering dining here. 
  I was happy to wait at the beautiful bar when i was told my reservation was not on the books, as i don't mind mingling with my group and a cocktail prior to dinner. About 90 minutes later (and one drink, the service was slow), we were seated, understandable as we needed a table of 5. I must say, upon arrival, the attitude of the host was as if we were a huge inconvenience, which I didn't take on at the time.  I brushed it off as he was just being dramatic.
   The first course, a crab salad (which is highly recommended) smelled spoiled and had clearly been sitting for a while, the greens were dark and slimy. It was quite unappetizing. The first person to receive it sent it back immediately and we cancelled the other orders that had not made it to the table. The food was served very randomly, very unorganized. The other food was mediocre, no dish stood out and no one seemed excited about their meal.  Price and quality do not match up. 
  The other problem I have with this establishment is their management, or lack there of. Over a time period of 10 minutes, we were presented with 3 different checks, each getting higher!  The server seemed embarrassed.  I do not ever mind paying my fair share, but I find it extremely insulting to continue to present check after check.  My eyes widened, as this is the most unprofessional act I have ever experienced at a 'nice' restaurant.  The combination of events amounted to a very disappointing experience. Upon confronting the management, there was no remorse or willingness to make us feel more comfortable with our experience. 
  In hindsight, I wish I would have paid more attention to my feelings upon arrival and suggested we go somewhere else. There are too many great restaurants around for anyone to settle for a bad experience.Lee Y. 
Just to leave more details 
We went as a group of around 10 friends, we only get together once in awhile. That is why it was still a great experience. 
I had the Mahi. It was very bland and over cooked. After food was delivered nobody came to check on us till after everyone else had already eaten. I brought it up to the waiter and he didn't seem to care that I had only taken two bites. Another person in the party told one of my friends that they had the swordfish but only had a few left. She said I want it. He confirmed she would get a piece. When food was delivered they gave her the Mahi, not mentioning that they didn't have anymore swordfish. So she wouldn't eat Mahi either. Many of the party said the food was ok but, we all agreed it would not be a place we would return. 
So not really mean spirited just a bad experience, that if the staff was attentive could have resolved easily.In town for a trade show. Had Drumfish. Excellent. Two shrimp included. Started with fried oysters with Brie. Yummy!!!! Allen very attentive & added to out wonderful experience.We had an excellent dinner at Annunciation...may be our new Nola fav! Our waiter, Decklyn, was terrific. The fried oysters appetizer was good and the green salad was amazing! My wife had the drum fish special and I had the shrimp etoufee...both fantastic. Great experience!In most any other city I'd give Annunciation 5 stars.  It was solid and tasty upscale dining.  In New Orleans with its wealth of great dining, Annunciation was very good but nothing spectacular.  I'd definitely go back.  The ambiance and service were excellent.  The quality of the food was great too.  There just lacked something that made it seem special to me.  I think if less expensive but this quality or some dish that I had not had at other upscale places were on the menu, I'd give it 5.  I'd definitely go back unless I wanted to try another New Orleans place.slow and inattentive waitstaff.  pretty restaurant. had to pay for valet which is strange for upscale restaurant.Fun, lively spot. Great meals for 9 of 10 people in our group. The veal annunciation (recommended by our waiter) was just okay...it needed more flavor.We just returned from our first visit to Annunciation.  Overall experience was excellent.  Food excellent. Service excellent. Atmosphere very good. 
We had four in our party ... my two teenage daughters - one a bit of a foodie the other not  -plus my wife and I ... and we went early .. 6 PM this evening.  The restaurant was almost empty when we arrived but almost completely full by 7:30.  The service was excellent and I didn't notice a drop off as the tables filled in... Phillip was a capable, efficient and helpful server and was well assisted. 
All of the entrees and appetizers were well prepared and arrived at the table in a timely manner and at proper temperatures.   Shrimp Poeyfarre and Oysters w/Brie were both enjoyed.. the Oysters rich and savory of the brie and sauce were mild but flavorful and the Shrimp sweet and spicy and well complemented by the small sample of the cabbage appetizer - which was also excellent on its own.
The seafood risotto  and yam casserole side was excellent as judged by all four of us.  All three who sampled the Trout special, Veal Marsala entrees and shrimp remoulade app and yam casserole, pickled cabbage and creamed spinach sides thought they were excellent. The bok choy side was good although the crab salad was just OK.
The deserts -butterscotch budino pudding and peach bread pudding -were both amazing.
Yes it is expensive but not exorbitant.  We plan on going again.The food was good. The service was atrocious. It took forever for them to take our order. They insisted it wouldn't be an issue to split the check so we decided to do so. They suggested to add shrimp to our dishes so we did- with no inkling that it would cost an extra $10. We ate our food, which was delicious. It took a good 25ish minutes to get our checks once we asked (we were one of two tables in the restaurant at that time), and they were wrong. It took another 15 to get them fixed. 2 hours 30 minutes later we were on our way out the door.
I would have asked for my 20% automatic gratuity to be reduced if it didn't mean I'd have to spend an extra 45 minutes in this place.My experience was not what I was expecting at all.  I think this particular Saturday night they were understaffed.  My husband and I walked in and no host at front.  We waited about 3 minutes before someone attended to us.  After we were seated, took 2 minutes to see a server with menus and after we ordered our food it took an hour to receive meal.  Did I mention we had reservations and there were only 6 tables with customers when we arrived.  The food is okay.  I was very disappointed after others raved about this place.  For us, never again!!Annunciation is like a toxic boyfriend who treats you so badly that you leave him. Then he comes around all nice-like convincing you he has changed. And you go back and wham!  Same old shit. I have had a great dinner there only to return with friends to have a horrible experience. After waiting over an hour for our reserved table we find they are seating groups with the same number of guests but with later reservation times. When asked, the Maitred' informed us they had earlier reservations. Not true as we asked the folks. Then a year later went back and had a great time. Then just last week took out of town guests there. The service was so amateurish it was almost laughable. The men got their starters but we gals were waiting... and waiting. Wait staff nowhere around. Then out come the entrees and we hadn't gotten out starters yet!  We told them please do not rewarm those entrees for later. We want fresh entrees after we get our first course. Of course, they said. Well the fish was like rubber. Then they couldn't even get coffee and dessert right. Enough!  This breakup is permanent.Travel to New Orleans every month.  Eaten at lots of great places. A local foodie friend recommended Annunciation.  It was fabulous. The white drum was perfect. Also had hash brown Brussel sprouts.  Incredible food And service. One of my new top 5 restaurants.Had a party of twelve 4/7/18 @ 8 pm the service was excellent and well thought out the food was delicious and tasty I had the opportunity to sample multiple entree and none disappointed people were friendly and staff were well trained definitely recommend this restaurant the food is generous for a higher end dining experience and establishment! ThanksReally disappointing.
Service was fine but everything after that was a mess. So many better option around here there is zero reason to go to Annunciation.We had a very nice meal at this fairly new spinoff (as I understand it) of Clancy's in the Warehouse district.  The renovation is very nice, especially considering how quickly they got it done.  A nice long stone bar, glass enclosed wine cabinets and nice dark lighting.  It was all quite comfortable.
The food was very good.  No complaints all the way around, and everything was brought out accurately and timely (even a little quickly I would say).  I had the sweetbreads and seafood risotto - both very good.  The sundried tomatoes added a strange texture to the sweetbreads dish, and the sweetbreads were quite chopped - to the point where they didn't really stand out.  Still good, though.  The seafood risotto (crab, shrimp, lobster) was about what you would expect (see below), but I like risotto.
A few oddities about the service though (as may be expected in a newer restaurant).   The server didn't seem to be too familiar with the menu.  He described the sweetbreads as breaded a bit and fried (like Clancy's does it), though they were clearly sauteed without breading.  When we asked about the wines by the glass he said he wasn't allowed to try them because he worked there.  What restaurant doesn't let their servers taste the wines they are selling?  Another oddity is the risotto came out with no garnish whatsoever.  Just rice on a plate.  It didn't really detract from the flavor, but it was odd to see no other colors on the plate.  I think our whole meal may have slipped right by the expediting station.
Overall very good.  Service was generally well paced, and the food was good.  I would return.We had a great waiter who was warm and diligent, but the overall service was a mess with forgotten items, luke warm entrees and coffee and long delays. 
The food was mixed. A couple of decent items, but fish was overcooked and veal dish was under seasoned.
The evening felt like a comedy of errors. 
A great idea with an interesting menu, but poorly executed.From the heartfelt welcome of the maitre d, to the professional service from an attentive but not invasive waiter to the oyster/brie....everything was 5 starts.....over cooked fish was the only drawback. I'd go back again