The fish was dry, overcooked, no sauce or flavor. The lemon wedge was old and hard, could not get any juice out of it. Other table guests had worse. Very few people were dining and that should be a big clue. The service was horrible. Such a shame for an iconic establishmentEstablished in 1840, it is noted to be one of the oldest family-run French restaurants in New Orleans.  It is also the place where Oysters Rockefella was invented (What?! My thoughts exactly!). The restaurant is well preserved, charming, and a living history.  Be sure to tour the 15 dinning rooms displaying memorabilia of celebrities and guests decked out in royal costumes and jewelery, historic liquor bottles , and the wine cellar that survived mother nature's wrath.  
Our waiter was very helpful and recommended me an off the menu lamb dish which was wrapped in bacon and served on top a slice of pineapple with a sweet pineapple sauce.  It was tender, good, and unlike any of the lamb dishes I've ever tasted.  For dessert, I ordered the Meringue glacee sauce chocolat which was oh so yummy! Another notable item is their complimentary bread served with Land O'Lakes salted butter.  The bread smothered in butter & dessert were a heavenly experience!Service was impeccable.  The servers have mastered the art of being constantly present and curiously invisible.  And no lengthy culinary diatribe needed.  Antoines cuisine is the same as it was the last time I visited 30 years ago.  Perfect.  Of course, the prices have changed a bit...:)
Thanks, Antoines, for being you.Oh wow it's been a minute since I've actually dine at Antoine's. And when Re suggested that we enjoy their summer lunch special, I said sure! You can't beat $20.18 for 3 courses!
To avoid parking drama, I used a rideshare into the FQ from work which worked out great both going and coming. The waiter was great and took into account that two of us had to rush back to work while the rest of the group could be more leisurely. I had the strawberry salad and the drum and the mousse as my three choices from the prix fixe. All three courses were delicious and not so huge that I felt like I was in a coma when I went back to work.
They do have a daily drink special for $2 (I think) but that day it was a screwdriver so I opted for a glass of bubbles instead which was perfect. 
We sat in a corner of the large annex dining room which made it easier to see the memorabilia on the walls. The large annex is my preference over the main dining room. 
Thanks to Re for getting me back over to this icon!Hit this on a Friday night (without reservations!), so they directed us across the street for drinks and they'd send someone to get us.  Unfortunately, we ended up having drinks, a few appetizers, and so forth, so by the time they got us, we weren't actually that hungry...
Service was so-so, (the waitress forgot to put in our order), though the management comped one of the entrees, so I can't be too critical.  We ended up with the rabbit and the duck.
The duck was good, if you like the sweet sauces (I do).  The rabbit was good, but otherwise undistinguished:  the "oyster dressing" (what we Yankees might call stuffing) was excellent, but it was effectively a side dish, so the rabbit tasted like...rabbit.Food was classic fare, building is amazing, oysters Rockefeller originated here. I can see why it took off, great expierenceI was going to rate Antoine's as one star, but my husband and my daughter found their meals to be acceptable, hence the two instead of the one star my meal deserved.
I would not have ordered the "chicken with mushrooms, sautéed with garlic, over onion rice" if I had known the rice was heavily laden with green bell peppers (I can not tolerate them, they make me ill), and the chicken and mushrooms were sautéed in a hot pepper sauce.  The description of the dish does not mention either of these ingredients.  
Not wanting to be rude, I tried to make do with the chicken alone.  There were two over-cooked, dried out chicken breast halves that were coated with gristle.  The whole dish was just awful.
The waiter assigned to our table was misogynistic to myself and my daughter, although we both were extremely polite to him.  He was training a young waiter who was nice, but that did not negate the deterioration of the quality of service from the main waiter.
The waitstaff for the adjacent table were super polite, and actually delivered some of our food.  
I can say I've been to Antoine's when asked, but it was a huge waste of money for the quality of the food, and that waiter was so condescending that I would never go back, even had my meal been perfect.Firstly, I would like to mention we just left the restuarant about an hour ago. I wanted to review it while it was fresh in my mind. My husband has been to some of the finest places all over the world and had more tasting menus imaginable. I'm a Jersey girl who just like to eat her meat and threes. This place was phenomenal for those who can meet in the middle. The dining rooms are beyond in decor and history. The servers are a mix of worldly, wise, young and bright. The food and the cocktails are to die for. We decided early in planning our trip to have the chateaubriand for two and it was in my opinion the best choice. It was cut table side, donned a delicious bark of salt & parsley and was cooked to perfection inside. The accoutrements served with stood alone as the sauces were meals in themselves. Our servers were amazing the entire service. Tyree was even kind enough to escort us on touring the rest of the rooms. He was dutiful as he still attended to other patrons but always started right back up where he left off. Winchester was also kind enough to stage and take a beautiful photo of us with our Baked Alaska dessert. Frankly, we got the best of our two worlds in a fabulous meal, with a romantic setting and with a duo that waited upon us like royalty. It's not rare to find a good meal in New Orleans but it's absolute gold to find good people with great personalities to complement it. We couldn't be more thankful!Overrated and over hyped!  Can get much better food for much less.  Tourist trap at its best!  Waiters were alright even though they did have a hard time remembering who ordered what.  Wish we had gone to Felix's Oyster Bar.Old New Orleans is right.  You wanna dine in the splendor of the nineteenth century?  Want to be impressed by the starch in your waiter's collars?  Want to have a memorable meal, the kind you talk about over other meals?  It's worth the money, and good for romance.Had to try this place as recommended by a client.  My wife and I were a bit under dressed. If you like too notch service, this is the place.  We were treated with 100% A1 service. Never had to wait for anything.  The food was impeccable. Will revisit this place again.Horrible service and horrible 'customer service'.
Everyone has heard of Antoine's Oysters Rockefeller and that must be the reason this place is still in business, people want to try that appetizer at the original restaurant. It can't be for the service or the way they respond when something goes wrong.
My family and I were in NOLA for a wedding last weekend and my brother wanted to treat the rest of us to a nice dinner. He chose Antoine's because my mother had once mentioned she wanted to try the oysters there. Our reservation was for 9:00. Not their busiest time, in fact there were only 2 other table occupied in the front dining room when we walked in. After being seated at a large round table (there were 12 of us) in the main dining room we were given the opportunity to place drink orders and menu's were passed around. That was the last pleasant treatment I received!
After a long wait where we didn't even see of our waiter on the floor we were treated to a rapid-fire monologue of the daily specials. He then proceeded to take our order (which he ended up screwing up later).
I don't think anyone was impressed with the apps at all.  I ordered the Fried Oysters on toast in Colbert sauce. When Eddie, our server, plopped the plate down in from of me (from the left!) I was treated to a drizzle of some kind of HOT liquid on my pants and shirt. Startled, I yelped (no really, I yelped). Eddie immediately started protesting innocence while simply staring at me. He eventually moved on to promise club soda to help remove the stain (which never came) and that the manager would take care of the cleaning bill. Again, a promise that was ignored later in the evening.
One of the most overly salty appetizers I have ever tried, and no one else waxed enthusiastic about anything they had ordered including the 3 who had the signature Oysters Rockefeller.
I'm not sure how Eddie decided who was going to get what entree, but it certainly wasn't based on who ordered what. Plates were handed out in what seemed random order, there were extra dishes (which he insisted were complimentary but since I didn't pay, I don't know that to be true!).
I got the Tips de filet en brochette Marchand de Vin and again was treated to an overly salty, semi-gelatinous sauce. Once I scraped a large amount of sauce off of a tiny portion of meat, I was treated to slightly undercooked beef. The word mediocre comes to mind. I also got a side of glazed carrots, they were overcooked and lukewarm.
Overall they get one star for the bread, the rest of my meal was swill and the service was spotty, lackadaisical, and insincere. 
Next time I'll go back to Pascal's Manale and shun Antoine's like the plague.Good food, gear service, very interesting location.  There is a lot of history in this restaurant.  I really enjoyed walking around looking at the decor and pictures.  The food was very traditional, not my favorite but it was good.   Enjoyed the experience.Came to NOLA for a Bachelorette Party and decided to do brunch here one of the days. We were staying at the Omni Royal Orleans, so it was down the block.
This place is highly over rated. It has a very old school vibe, as it has been around forever. But sometimes changes need to be made to keep the magic of the place alive. Unfortunately there was no magic for us. They stuck out group of 7 beautiful women in a large back dining room, which was extremely dark. Gave us a waiter who couldn't hear us speak or understand certain things we were asking for (which was very frustrating), and to top it off the food was bland and very disappointing.
I will NOT be returning here on my next NOLA visit!This restaurant has an amazing history. Founded in 1840 and Its seen the history of the Civil War, World War 1 and 2 and even the Great Depression. The menu has a wonderful selection Hors D'oeuvres, Salads and Entrees. I recommend the Filet de Boeuf Nature. The only negative was it's a bit noises.Had a very good lunch here in late-February....hadn't been here since my previous trip to New Orleans in 1997.  Dress code has definitely eased-up since my last visit!  Saw people in shorts & t-shirts here at lunch, which would not have been allowed 20 years ago.  We were dressed "nicely" since we planned to go to Galatoire's, but discovered that they couldn't seat us until 1pm when we checked-in at 10:30am.  Decided to eat at Antoine's instead since it was nearby.  I had the 3-course "$20.18 Winter Lunch Special" - Shrimp Bisque, Oysters Bonne Femme Biscuit, and Pecan Bread Pudding.  All three courses were very good.  After lunch we toured the restaurant, which is definitely worth seeing.  One of the maintenance men on the second floor took the time to guide us through the various upstairs rooms and explain the decor of each, and also took us out onto the second-floor gallery facing St. Louis Street.  The wine cellar is immense....extending for almost a city block!Had brunch, food was barely edible.  The Shrimp omelette (shrimp tasted like it been in a freezer for 20 years) was cold, bugs in coffee, Bloody Mary was like drinking straight tomato juice.  Absolutely no flavor.  Waiter looked confused the entire time, disappeared for incredibly long periods of time.  First and absolutely last time here.For a restaurant that came so highly recommended by friends, I was disappointed. Beautiful rooms and aesthetics, but the food & service was only adequate. There was a bug in one of our party guests' drink. The vegetarian option was not impressive. The best part of the evening was that our group of 9 had a comfortable room to dine in that was quiet and not crowded.I've wanted to dine here since I was a teen and read "Dinner at Antoine's".  Coming to NOLA as part of my 50th anniversary trip this was certainly worth the wait!  The restaurant is also a museum and do ask your waiter  to show you around.  Our dinner was superb topped off with a baked Alaska. I definitely would come back if I were in NO.Charles was our server.  He was the best of the best of the best.  I have never had service like this.  He made the whole lunch.  Which is saying a lot.  The history of Antoine's is legendary.  The restaurant is itself is massive, with many, many different dining rooms.
I just remember basking in the phenomenal service, learning the history of the restaurant, the meetings that took place there, how the wait staff is generations deep.  The food was also great.  I was lucky and in town during soft-shell crab season.  Mine were cooked perfectly.
I am going to make a confession though.  I love Oysters Rockefeller, or at least what I always thought was "Oysters Rockefeller".  Well, here I am at Antoine's, the very birthplace of the Oyster Rockefeller, so of course, it was the first thing I ordered.  Ugh.  Seriously, I do not know what exactly is in this dish, but it looked terrible (just  a dark green glob on top of the shell), it smelled terrible, and the taste was unlike anything I've ever tasted, and that is not a good thing.  I wanted to like these so much, and I was devastated.  However, the rest of the meal and ambiance still made this a near-perfect dining experience.The history and staff of this place is remarkable I highly recommend anyone who visits New Orleans to come here and definitely try the alligator soup its amazing all their staff is super friendly and super knowledgeable!!We had our best meal in New Orleans at Antoine's $20.12 lunch special, complete with $.25 martinis.  The food was delicious (broiled oysters, salad, chicken and trout) plus the service was impeccable.  We had an excellent server, Keyes, who was a consumate professional and a true gentleman.  He was also kind enough to take us on a very thorough tour of the building after our meal, in honor of my husband's birthday.  We will be sure to visit Antoine's every time we are in town.I came here for lunch with the friends that I was in town with on vacation. Our first tour guide recommended the restaurant. He said that the food was great and that everyone should eat in the oldest family owned restaurant at least once.
We got seated right away. In August, when we were there, they were doing a $20.18 lunch special with up to 3 cocktails for $0.25 each. We all went with the three course lunch option. Our waitress brought us the first round of drinks. One of my friends wasn't happy but we all drank the first round at least. I don't really care for cherry vodka but this cherry lemonade cocktail was so good. 
I continued on my love affair with charbroiled oysters as that was my first course. I then had the grilled Louisiana Drum. It was so tasty and cooked amazing. For the last course, I had the chocolate mousse. Definitely the way to finish a lunch. I believe I had at least 2 cocktails though I might have had all three. Either way, the perfect lunch for a Monday on vacation. 
After lunch, one of the wait staff gave us a tour of the whole restaurant. We saw parts and learned more then you do on the Food of the French Quarter. We saw the wine cellar, the room that Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt would rent out, learned about the various Mardi Gras Crew rooms and saw a real working fuse box with knob and tube. 
I will definitely be backTHE ABSOLUTE BEST. We recently had our Wedding & Reception at Antoine's and worked with Derrick who was incredible throughout the entire process. From suggested menu items to bands, to follow through and PATIENCE. Let it be noted that our wedding happened during a HURRICANE and he moved the time up and they shuffled everything to make this happen for us, FIVE hours early. The actual ceremony, cocktail hour, Second Line procession and reception was nothing less than a dream. They are incredible. The ultimate professionals. The food was amazing. This is where you have your wedding, hands down. We are so grateful to the entire team. Thank you so much and we will be seeing you for years to come.My God, this is TRUE classic New Orleans! Really, this place is amazing. 
Old school no doubt but a classic by any definition. 
The atmosphere? Old south formal but not stuffy or pretentious. White linen table clothes, waiters in black tuxes, ladies in their Sunday best (OK, a few under-dressed tourists as well but it is in the Quarter) - makes for a great meal! 
The food? Classic creole. Sunday Jazz brunch started for me with a dish of the original Oysters Rockefeller. The best that I have ever had - succulent. Delicious. Rocked my world. Dining companion enjoyed a cup of alligator soup. Rich and spicy but the oysters were better. An entree of Eggs Florentine was delicious as well - perfectly poached eggs atop a bed of creamed spinach and finished with an over the top hollandaise. Oh yes. However, the ladies' dish of Shrimp and Grits took top honors this round. This was - you guessed it! - the best version of this dish that I have ever tasted. Perfect plump Gulf shrimp in a spicy creole sauce over creamy grits - excellent! Also of note - a side dish of the puffed potatoes -Pommes de terre soufflées - amazing. Sort of like a french fry but unbelievably light - the best, really. I would love to try them with a steak. 
Dessert deserves a paragraph of its own - Baked Alaska. The menu claims that this regulation football sized and shaped convection will feed 2 - I would easily say 4 to 6! Huge, yes, but damn it's good! Buttery cake, rich vanilla ice cream, perfect meringue - all perfectly browned and served table-side. It's a classic - yes, I'll use that word again! Awesome! 
I didn't dive into the wine list but I did have a passable Mimosa (not my usual drink), an kick-ass bloody Mary, and a very good glass of French Pinot Noir (aka Burgundy). I was happy! 
Bottom line: absolute, 100%, true...CLASSIC!It's hard for me to review Antoine's because my experiences have been very varied over the few times that I've been there.  Twice I've been, and I have known one of the wait staff, and the service has been OUTSTANDING without being suffocating (i.e. the waiter doesn't hover around so much where every bread crumb must get swept away immediately).  When I have had good times, my every wish and then some has been met, but when I went the other day, unfortunately, all of the waiters I knew were on vacation, and so I was stuck with what I got.  My waiter brought me trout even though I order filet mignon, so I had to wait an additional 15-20 mins while the rest of my party ate, the puffed potatoes and the usually delicious french bread were burned, and the waiter kept forgetting to bring us anything we asked for like drink refills and such.  If I pay a minimum of $40-50 per person, then I expect 5 star service especially for such a well-known New Orleans institution, but the last time I went there makes me think that Antoine's is just really over-hyped.Quarter Martinis and Lunch Special
We started with the martinis (pear and lemon drop were the choices for the day) and they just flowed. We initially thought that there would be a catch or drawback, but they are true to their word.  
Now on to the food:
I started with a cup of gumbo and it was very good.  For the main course I selected the Antoine's Louisiana Gulf shrimp Creole. It was very good also and had plenty of shrimp.  The Pecan Bread Pudding was a huge hit with the group.  Austin provided excellant attentive service and invited us to spend time looking at the other rooms in the restaurant.  We saw a museum of Mardi Gras queens and memorabilia.  The wine room was amazing.
The table next to us had the hot spiced coffee, served flaming. It smelled wonderful.  I was too full to order it, so I will save room next time.
I can easily see why this would become a family favorite.  It has now become a favorite of the group of friends and we will return!So we came for the jazz brunch, which sounded really nice online. When we got there we learned they open promptly at 11 on Sunday and not before. They had all the reservations written on a clipboard when we came in. The jazz singer was on when we walked in, which was fun and different being in NOLA, but she was done within the first 30 min we were there - so if you want to see the jazz it seems you need to get there at 11 on the dot. 
Overall the wait staff was nice, but the food really wasn't great, sadly. We had the shrimp omlet and eggs Benedict, which really weren't great. They did throw in free mimosas which were good, and a free piece of cheesecake, which made the experience more fun.
I am glad we checked this place out because it's a piece of history, and it was fun to see the old china, decor, and be able to walk around after we ate. 2 stars because of the price - it's not cheap. And at those prices you want to walk away thinking you enjoyed the meal.Great bar and bartender (the real deal).  When asked his speciality, he made us the best Sazerac.  We got lucky and asked for a quick tour and we were able to see the entire building...which was AMAZING. Old dining rooms and a "Mystery Room" wtih so much history you could feel it in the air.old atmosphere--feels historic, and apparently the birthplace of classic creole food?  had a gumbo, pompano, and peche melba.  unfortunately, over buttered, drenched fish, too soft, this is not delicate refined cooking.  gumbo without enough crabs, oysters, overcooked rice, dessert ok.Interesting bites of potatoes.   They go well with the Sazarac which is really tasty.    The potatoes were very rich. Lived the filet.For the past 20 years, I've listened to my husband rave about his first and only other experience at Antoine's.  Finally we went to New Orleans together and on our first night went to the palace of his memories.  
It was uncomfortably quiet, but with excellent service.  Not stuffy, very gracious.  Of course we split the Oysters Rockefeller, because that's all the husband talked about for 20 years.  I was unimpressed. They were so rich, and didn't taste oystery to me, just not my taste.  My salad was lame.  He loved the gumbo.  The best part about the entree was the potato puffy things.  Loved them.  I just don't appreciate the work of the french saucier as much as other people do.  
Dessert was ice cream with amaaaaaaazing merengues.  
The tour was the cherry on top, and our headwaiter was extremely gracious.  Next to the cavernous wine cellar is the Tabasco room which he informed us was the Jolie-Pitt clan's preferred dining spot when in town.  Don't miss the mardi gras room, I was awestruck.
It was worth going just to have my husband stop talking about it.  Just kidding, honey!Meeting for dinner with our friends from Texas, we were once again a party of nine, and seated immediately in what is known as the "Large Annex Room."
The short of it is that, while the food was nowhere near as bad (IMHO) as some have said, neither was it as outstanding as some reported. Service was good, not superb; food was good, neither great nor easily dismissed (as one might conclude from the comments in the other thread).
I *do* think the food is better at Galatoire's and Commander's, insofar as "The Great Dames of New Orleans" are concerned, and significantly better at some of the newer (and smaller) places throughout the city. And were it just my wife and I, I doubt we'd return anytime soon. HOWEVER, we *did* enjoy our meal, and I can certainly see us returning with a party large enough to have dinner in one of their nine (or 11, depending upon how you count) private rooms. Indeed, we'll be back at Antoine's in March for precisely such a dinner . . . .My husband and I were lured in here by the waiter standing outside, offering some cuts of their special Louisiana sausage, grilled right outside the front of the restaurant entrance. We tried it, we liked it, and we went in. From the outside you can't really tell what the ambience will be like... it was so beautiful and definitely "old world".... from the waiters to the dishes to the silverware... it was all lovely. The martini's were perfect! The food tres delicieuse.  The bananas foster divine.... Boy do I miss Nawlins!Was super excited to come here for our Anniversary dinner. Love the ambiance. The drinks were great! I ordered the filet an it was cooked exactly how i requested.
While the staff was wonderful- my husband (who never complains) became very quiet when his main dish arrived. It was very apparent that the tuna was bad. I don't know how that's overlooked in such a high standard establishment. The waitstaff were cordial about, and they immediately offered something else. But, my husband at that point lost his appetite. We didn't ask of really say much- but shocked we were still charged for his entree. 
We may give it another go in the future, but doubfutl.This was an excellent experience. Had the Gumbo, Potatoes, Warm Chicken Salad and it was all great. I don't know who had a bad experience here but mine was really good.I was so disappointed in the service at Antoine's today.  They sat us in a room with a large party.  The noise was unreal, we could not talk to each other.  The wait staff was so busy we received unsatisfactory service.  The food was good but not outstanding. A bad experience  all around.What can I say... Went twice while in New Orleans since the service and the atmosphere is on point. The wait staff was wonderful during our experience, upon arrival we asked to be seated somewhere quiet and secluded. And that is exactly what we had.We have been here for an hour and a half and JUST got our first course; our dining room is only half full, so that's not the problem. Have asked for coffee three times and it still hadn't materialized. Ladies room is out if toilet paper. Avoid this place, service is TERRIBLE. I think we could probably just walk out now and the waiter probably wouldn't notice for a good half hour.Antoine's was recommended by one of the locals.  It's the oldest French-Creole fine dining restaurant in New Orleans.  It has been around since 1840.  When we went in 2014, they had a special lunch menu wherein for $20.14, you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  You can also order a cocktail for 25 cents.  I don't think you can get a better deal than that!This was my first time dining at Antoine's, but we had heard many good things about the restaurant and the food. Using OpenTable, I was able to make a reservation and pre-order one of the infamous Baked Alaskas (worth it!). 
When we got there, we were escorted through various dining rooms (there are 12 in total!) to our table, where our server warmly greeted us and explained about the history of the restaurant along with the night's specials. 
I ended up ordering the Escargots a la Bourguignonne (excellent), the Cote de veau Rossellini, and our pre-ordered Baked Alaska. Everything was delicious, and I wasn't overly stuffed 2 hours later. And at the end of the meal, we were encouraged to explore the other dining rooms - absolutely gorgeous.
I'd definitely go back. It might be more of a special occasion or tourist spot, but the history and quality of Antoine's is evident from the moment you step through the doors.5 stars for fantastic service. Darrell was attentive & graciously shared with us some unique history. Food was great. Atmosphere inviting. Steak cooked to perfection.This place is amazing, literally the best mea I've ever had in my life. Went twice in three day trip. The lunch special is so good and affordable. The service is amazing, I went for my birthday and it was so fun. Plus lots of history and they invented things like oysters Rockefeller and baked AlaskaThis was our "fine dining" destination that we planned well in advance, on our first trip to New Orleans.
We had the Coolinary pre-fixe menu, and it was great.
Our server was Sterling Armoure (Silver Love) and he was an attentive and engaging waiter, who gave us some of the history of the restaurant while we dined.
Afterwards we took a quick tour of the premises, including some of the banquet rooms and displays.Went for our 10th wedding anniversary. Open Table said they had made a reservation in my name months ago, but apparently it didn't actually go through, or they used another name for some stupid reason. Antoine's was kind enough to seat us despite the confusion. Our waiter, Eddie, was fantastic and extremely knowledgeable about both the food, the drinks and the history of the restaurant. If you go to Antoine's, ask for Eddie! It was a great dinner and a wonderful experience for our 10th anniversary.I had wanted to like this restaurant. I really did. 
We were going to be late for our reservation and the hostess was very accommodating, which was nice considering there was a wedding party that same night. Our waiter was attentive and extremely friendly, but it ends there. The food was sub-par. The oysters Rockefeller we ordered as an appetizer were disgusting. I've enjoyed my fair share of seafood from both East coast, West coast, and internationally and this was so disappointing for NOLA. The oysters were small, covered in a cloyingly salty sauce. All of our entrees were lukewarm. I ordered grouper. It would have been a fine dish if I could have over looked the fact that my meal was practically cold when I received it. I did get a complimentary pair of champagne glasses from the Hermes bar which was nice. 
I'm hoping that perhaps they were just overwhelmed by the sheer volume of people present that night and so things were less than stellar because of that. I would be willing to give this restaurant another try, but perhaps on another, less busy week day.We went here for brunch because it was less expensive than the dinner menu and I am glad that we did. It was a jazz brunch in the dining room that we were in, with a small group playing songs but not so loud as to preclude any conversation. 
I had the regular brunch menu with a poached egg, my gf has some oysters. Both were quite nice. 
The best part was looking around the place afterward, I think the staff said there were 14 total dining rooms. Some are themed for the Mardi Gras krewes such as Rex. There was an impressive wine cellar as well, supposedly the second largest above ground in North America. 
This was a great restaurant that you should check out on your trip to New Orleans.Wow. This place is AMAZING. We had the "COOLinary" menu, which was an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I started off with a French 75 and my bf had a Sazerac. Both were refreshing and delicious. My appetizer was the Shrimp Regua, which was like a mayo-spiced shrimp over a fried tomato/salad. The bf had the oyster trio which he enjoyed. My entree was an insanely delicious fried soft shell crab with a potato/onion mash. I literally died and went to heaven. For dessert I had the bread pudding, which was like a perfect combo of butter and sugar. Coming from CA, I'm not used to this amount of non-quinoa and veggie food, but I'm very pleased (even though my arteries probably hate me).In a word - horrible!!! The food was terrible, the prices high, the portions small, the service awful. If this represents New Orleans cuisine at its finest (recommended as such by locals), then I'll stay in and cook the next time I visit. We went to Antoine's at around 12:30 on Sunday; there were several empty tables and lots of waiters. Yet we waited quite awhile each time we needed a waiter (for water, for bread , for more of each, to take our order, to bring our order, to open our bottle of champagne; in fact, the only thing they were prompt about was bringing the check when we were finished). My husband had the Oysters Rockefeller for an appetizer - the dish was dry, visually unappealing, and hardly had any oyster flavor at all. I ordered the puffed french fries and they were delicious - the only good thing besides the bread in the whole meal. My husband had the crab cakes and I had the fried oysters (supposedly with bacon and a sauce). His were mushy and bready with very little crab essence; my oysters were more breading than oysters and the chewy part predominated. No bacon flavor present. Each entree came with fried asparagus - this was 2 spears each, deep fried - ugh!!! SUCH a disappointment!!!!!Came here for the 2015 lunch special and loved every bite. The charbroiled oysters were to die for. The lunch special for the year is a fantastic way to try this pricy place, $20.15 for a fixed menu with some great choices. They treat you so well here. Our waiter was Terry and he was great. The rest of the staff we interacted with were so friendly. I was very impressed with the service.I read a review on here that says the service at Antoine's is a "time honored tradition" Does this mean it's always been awful?
I'm going to give this three stars, based on history alone. I think you kind of have to come here to make your New Orleans visit complete. 
We came here with four of the party of six  and arrived a little before our friends and reservation time. Disappointed there was no bar to wait at, we asked to be seated at our table. The waiter was very friendly and took us on a tour of the restaurant as it wasn't really busy yet (points for this) I could spend all day looking at the pictures on the wall of all the famous people that have eaten here!
The other couple arrived and we had another round of drinks then contemplated ordering dinner. Unfortunately, the restaurant had filled up a lot by then and our waiter was nowhere to be found. The way Antoines assigns servers to  tables is very bizarre by restaurant standards. The Servers do not have a "section" but rather take the tables either by request (they've been here a long time and have regular customers who have preferred tables) and randomly as they walk in the door (this is how our server of 35 years explained it to us). So, he or she may have tables to wait on in different rooms of the restaurant....which makes them very hard to flag down.
Dinner was good, not fantastic, but I can live with that because you're here for the history, not gourmet cooking, right?  I didn't care for the house dressing, particularly since I asked for Roquefort and they got it wrong, then promptly disappeared before I could ask to have the correct salad delivered. Oysters Rockefeller were good,  shared Chateau Briande pretty good as well. We had several bottles of wine on the table, and had to pour our own, and reuse wine glasses from bottle to bottle as there didn't seem to be anyone around to exchange them. 
Ordered dessert but it never arrived, so after about half an hour we finally caught our waiters eye and got the check. Over 1200 for 6 people, so not the most expensive but not worth what we paid.
Long story short, make a reservation, come here once so you can say you did. 165 years of continuous family ownership is a part of history to partake in.  Just like your own  family reunion, it's something to go see and be part of,  but not necessarily enjoy.We were really looking forward to the dining experience at Antoine's. Anthony, our server, was an exceptional waiter with a charming personality.
The meal began with Antoine's famous Oysters Rockefeller. We were put off by the color followed by the taste. The spinach mixture was bland and did nothing to enhance the oyster. My mother who eats everything left 3 on her plate.
Next came the wedge salad which was overdressed with a heavy hand of salt, almost inedible.
We were then served the shrimp gumbo that had only 2 tiny pieces of shrimp appearing as it they came directly from a can void of taste.  
Two people in the party ordered the much anticipated french onion soup.  I need to say no more  other than it was inedible and left untouched after one spoonful. Traditional french onion soup is served with Gruyere cheese over a baquatte with broth.   The cheese...well what was it?..we could not tell.  The broth was thickened to gravy consistency with no onions flavor.  Last , against our better judgment, we ordered desert, Antoine's famous bread pudding.  The bread was an odd consistency with an overly sweetened whipped cream with rancid nuts.  Again the service was five star but the food did not even deserve one star.  It is possible we visited the establishment on an "off day."  We write this review only so that Antonines can improve not upon their service, but upon their food hoping they return to the Antoine's everyone loves and comes to the French District to enjoy.Fantastic location, fantastic vibe, fantastic food and super fantastic service by Eddie.  We saw a piece on CBS Sunday Morning about this place and made it our destiny nation for my husband's birthday.  To top it off, Eddie gave us a tour of all the rooms in the restaurant along with some history.  :-)Beautiful historic building.  Total tourist trap.  The kitchen isn't trying because they don't have to.  Sad.  Food seriously mediocre.  Service provincial. Way overpriced.  A joke really.Amazing service and food. You'll be treated like a king or queen. Ask to get a tour of their restaurant and cellar.Been sitting here for 20 minutes with no acknowledgement from anyone. The servers are walking right past us. Other diners who arrived after us have their cocktails already. When I plan to spend a couple hundred on dinner I expect a bit better service. We flagged down a waiter (Asian guy who was very apologetic) and complained. He found our waitress, Tonya who appeared a good five minutes later with no apology. Hoping the food is good but what a disappointment. Will not be coming back.
The manager came by and apologized and comped our drinks and appetizer which we appreciated. Tonya eventually apologized and blamed their system as to why we were ignored. She was helpful the rest of the night but it seemed very strained, almost like they told her she'd be fired if she didn't shape up. Just generally a miserable person. Tom however (the previously mentioned Asian guy) was GREAT! We were not his table but he apologized several times throughout the night, told us to ask him if we needed anything and professed how much he liked his job and the company and he wanted us to leave with a positive experience. Now HE needs to be promoted and someone else can pour the water (Tonya perhaps?). 
We ordered the pommes de terre soufflees as an appetizer which were described as puffed potatoes, one of their specialties. Well I'm glad they comped that on our bill because what we got were 8 puffed potatoes but it was exactly like eating a Lay's potato chip but in 3D. Tasted fine because who doesn't like chips but chips at a fancy French restaurant? 
I got the bisque d'ecrevisses which is crawfish bisque. This was not a bisque and the liquid was almost black, not appetizing to look at. It tasted fine but not what I wanted.
For dinner we shared the filet de gulf poisson aux ecrevisses cardinal which was a fried filet of fish with a creamy crawfish sauce. This tasted very good.
Overall, not impressed, had better food and service at almost every other place we visited while visiting New Orleans. The only reason I gave 3 stars is for TOM and the fact they comped a few things. Please acknowledge Tom, he's an employee you should be proud of and thankful to have.I went here expecting great food, but it was just good. The place itself is very impressive and historical, and it was an interesting experience, like getting in a time machine and going back to old New Orleans.  I absolutely hate going downtown though and since the food was sloppy and underwhelming I doubt I will go back. If I'm going to pay for fine dining I don't expect my fish to be swimming in a goopy cheese sauce. The service was great in spite of the sub par food, and we got a bottle of wine for $35... Not too bad.Cool old school New Orleans eats. So much has been written about this place so I'll just summarize.
We had lamb chops, soft shell crab, fish with lump crab, and filet mignon. All of the entrees were delicious. Escargot app was nice. The oysters Rockefeller is horrible. I don't know how this bland looking baby food tasting spinach goo has stuck around so long but we couldnt throw down more than one of these. We're seafood lovers and I've never seen this dish made like this. It's disgusting.
For the $$ service is unfriendly and not very good. 
Nice to check this out and cross it off the list but we won't go back.I can't believe this restaurant doesn't have five stars!!! Matthew, the general manager, gave us a tour of all the historic, beautiful rooms. He was so nice and introduced us to everyone who worked there. He even gave us a private room! The food was amazing! We were treated like we go there every night. The food was worth the price, I loved every single inch of this place. I will come back every time I'm in New Orleans.Had a group set up in the Rex room for the luncheon special. Soft shell crab was awesome. .
. 25 cocktail of the day was also goodDon't go to Antoines unless you want your credit card compromised! That is what happened to 3 of the 4of us who went on Fri. 1/11/13! We should have turned & walked out when we arrived as there was no one in the restaurant's 2 large dining rooms we walked thru to get to our private dining room. Food was ok but what an ending. Nothing has been done about it altho 3 of us reported it & they promised to get back to us.To be fair, we had no entrees, just tapas, apps, oysters rock, and shrimp cocktail.  I love seafood and oysters and one oyster here was enough for me.  Shrimp were nothing special.  We heard this place was riding on its rep.  Over rated. Go someplace else.Excellent, traditional New Orleans restaurant founded in 1840 and still run by the original family.  Start with the luncheon (not lunch) special during the week with the 3 course meal for $20.18 (in 2018) and the cocktail of the day for 25 cents (yes, "cents").  You can also tour the other historical rooms.  Mind-boggling value!Crabmeat Raigotte was great. History was refreshing and traditional New Orleans. Food was ok.Went here last night with my family, boyfriend and his mother. We were seated right away in the front dining room -- the "less formal" area, which is were they put you if any of your number is wearing jeans.
Our waiter went through the usual spiel, sold us on 4 different appetizers within about 5 minutes of being seated. The only hiccup with his service was that he talked so fast and was so presumptuous that my sister accidentally ordered a baked alaska, which we later canceled when we realized our error.
The oysters rockefeller were amazing, as you would imagine. Escargot -- -- garlicky, hot, perfect texture -- everything really was quite superb. Predictable most of us were full by the time our entrees arrived, but my softshell crab was the best I've ever had -- very very lightly battered with a touch of lemon.
Overall, delicious, if predictable. Antoine's does the classics, and they do them well. A must for visitors, but make sure you're well-dressed and make a reservation so you get seated in the "good" dining room. Get the escargot and the soft shell crab, and make sure you don't accidently order a seventeen dollar dessert!I went here with my mom today for Sunday brunch, and it was a mixed experience. Our waitress was personable and friendly, I was excited. We both ordered the filet, medium rare. My mom's steak came out medium, and mine was fairly well done- there was zero pink. It's $35 for a 3-4 oz steak, 2 pieces of asparagus, and a few mushrooms. On top of that it's an extremely well-established, fancy restaurant. I expect the medium rare filet cooked with at least some pink. 
Our waitress had a 20 top in a different room, and we were her only table in a giant ballroom. That being said, she wasn't able to come back to check on us for a while. I understand, but really she should have been able to focus on that huge table, and we should have had a waiter with tables nearby.
When she did, she agreed it was overcooked and another was brought out in only 5 minutes. The second steak was borderline raw/super rare-
 cold to the touch. I couldn't believe I was doing this again, but it's just not worth it to me to get sick. When the waitress finally came back, I showed her the raw meat. It's awkward because it's been some time, at this point my mom has been done eating for a long while. Details like this, eating our meals separately, spoiled this special occasion restaurant. Then, the waitress was going to bring a third steak. Obviously at this point I'm not interested in trying a third time, we were ready to go. She even commented that they don't get customers complaining of the steak temp, which is kind of rude. I took it as if I'm in the wrong. 
I thought it was pretty assumed, sending back a second uneaten steak and refusing a third, that we wouldn't be charged for this- but I was wrong.  She was really friendly before this, but once mentioning we figured she'd take it off the check, she fell flat and was clearly not happy. We didn't see her again either. That first steak was edible but not what I ordered, but the second one was very questionable on my stomach.
The atmosphere and music was great. If it wasn't for this odd experience it would have been a really nice time. We're not sure if we'd return.Went here for the $20.10 lunch special and 25cent martinis. The service, ambiance and especially the food was amazing. I had the stuffed trout, very good. The waiter gave us a full tour of the premises after lunch which was amazing. The mardi gras costumes upstairs are a hidden treasure.One of the most excellent restaurants I've dined at in the French Quarter!! Absolutely top notch!! The filet will melt in your mouth, so tender they give you a butter knife to cut it with!!! This place is worth the money so give it a try!!This is a perfect restaurant if you enjoy French/creole charm and food. The chargrilled oysters & turtle soup are fantastic. The lemon martini is very tasty.Walking towards another restaurant we stumble upon Antoine's and noticed the lunch pre fixed menu. We went in got a table, but what most stood out is that they were very accommodating to my 8th month old. We had a few servers tending to our table and they all made sure she was okay and comfortable. The food was delicious and not to mention the 25 cents drinks ! I felt like I was back in the 1800's with the southern service and kindness.Oldest continuously operating restaurant in New Orleans.   Amazing experience.  Note.  They do a $20.18 three course lunch.   With 25 cent cocktails.  No kidding.    But.  They cut you off at three. Great food.  Great staff (thanks Mike!).  Would highly recommend.Upstairs dining room with the full extent of all the hospitality that NO-LA can offer. Included the house special Oysters Rockefeller (Sp?) and various other cooked oyster dishes as well as fish and steak. And copious STRONG WATERS! However the highlight was the speech from the head server about the history of the place and how he served Geo W and Clinton, him and his buddies have minimum 20 years experience and he just started his son there. Lovely people, lovely night. BONSOIR ANTOINE ET MERCI! A la prochaine!!I wanted to give Antoine's two stars, but considering the prices I just can't.  The food is awful, the service just barely adequate.  This is one place that is truly resting on its reputation, and making no effort to provide a decent product.
We had the trout almondine, softshell crab, creamed spinach, and puffed potatoes.  I also had Antoine's trademark Oyster's Rockefeller for an appetizer.  I can't recommend any of it, for it was all truly, uniformly bad.  I also had two glasses of their house cabernet, which was served in a very small glass and was just barely drinkable.  Yes, I've had worse glasses of house wine, but at these prices you expect something decent.
For this host of horrors, we paid over $150.
AVOID!Amazing service food great always a good choice in the Quarter, great history you can walk around and we left very full and satisfied! Will returnI realize that this restaurant has been around for 160 years but that how the food looked and tasted. Old and tired. With so many good restaurants in New Orleans there's really no excuse for this place.This place is amazing. Oldest French Creole restaurant in the quarter, awesome fine dining! Family owned and very authentic. Favorites are Rockefeller Oysters, Grilled Tenderloin, and Baked Alaska! They have an awesome wine list because they have a humongous wine cellar. This place has 14 dining rooms! We were so lucky that our waiter was kind enough to give us a complimentary tour of the whole place! Their dining rooms are perfect for special events, secluded, and almost can make you feel like you're part of an elite society. But don't be intimidated because all the private rooms are available to anyone for booking as long as your party meets the number of people. They have an awesome balcony that overlooks the quarter; almost perfect for Mardi Gras. I highly recommend giving this place a try!It was with some trepidation that I reserved a table at Antoine's, especially after having read many a review that this was one of those places that lived on reputation alone, and that the waiters were belonged to that archaic, snooty caricature.
And while the former may be somewhat true, I'm pleased to say that the latter? Not necessarily so. At least not in our case.
I suppose it depends though. We must have lucked out with our waiter 'Charley,' who really made our evening. He was the perfect Southern gentlemen, even going so far as to give us an after dinner tour of the entire premise (replete with many a personal anecdote), and what a place it was.
But I'm getting too much ahead of myself- Let's begin with the appetizers!
On our waiter's recommendation, we ordered two of each oyster. Now me, personally? I've never been a fan of oysters. Always hated the damn shellfish. But it's New Orleans, and it's Antoine's; birthplace of the famous Oyster Rockefeller. How can I say no to that?
And boy am I glad I said yes. It was absolutely delicious, and this is one of those rare moments where a single dish made a convert out of me.
As for the main courses, the food was ridiculously rich and decadent (in a good way), but unfortunately so too were the prices- but nothing comes easy in the Big Easy! 
I'd ordered the filet de truite amandine drenched in béarnaise, and the serving size was pretty generous. Still, I finished every last, savory bite, much to the amazement of the bus boy. But it was that good.
Like I mentioned earlier, our waiter gave us a tour of the place, and it was really an interesting one. There were rooms frozen in time, celebrating a mardi gras that time forgot. There were chandeliers everywhere, secret passageways, and unbelievably enough, even a dungeon.
But the place doesn't belie its age. Faint odors haunt the upper floors, and so too do Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, we were told- if that's your kind of thing.
All in all, it was truly quite the experience, and one I cannot recommend enough to any visitor to New Orleans. Go for the dinner, but stay for the atmosphere.So this place is part of New Orleans history, it is literally an institution, i don't think there is a person on staff who has been working there less than a decade and most of them are sired by past waiters, they have family legacies there and the service reflects it. Antoine'se has something like 10 dining rooms and they are all always full so make a reservation. This place is an experience and a lot of fun but not quite what it used to be, if it i not to busy they will give you a tour of the wine cellar (one of the largest above ground in the country) and the cigar room. The meal will start with fresh hot french bread that is spoil your dinner good. I had the lamb that was easily the best I have ever had, I can't help but salivate just thinking of it now. So  as good as meal started it the sides were kind of a let down, the were not bad just no where near the nirvana that the proteins are. I will say that the sauted mushroom are amazing but for $16.00 they should make me skinny and look ten years younger. I was told that it is tradition to get the baked alaska  which must be ordered at the beginning of the meal, so the kitchen has time to make it. This dessert says it is serves two, that is a bold face lie, you can easily feed 8, this thing is giant and while it was good it was a far cry from great. The pound cake seemed very sara lee. It was good but nothing to write home about. I say save your money and eat the bread, there are pralines and beignets in walkable distance that would make for a much better dessert. It seems that Antoine's is a bit of that little girl with the curl in the middle of her forehead. What they do well is phenomenal, but the things they don't are pedestrian at best, you just have top know what to order to make the night something really special.I'd like to dedicate (read:blame) this review on my husband since he chose this place. Let's keep it simple: this place pretty much ruined our New Year's Eve this year. 
To elaborate:
We had a reservation at 7pm, and were pretty much seated right away (and this is pretty much where the vast majority of the positives stop). 
Our waiter, Kevin, was an absolute MESS! Seriously, we go out to dinner 2-3 times a week and I haven't had a server as bad as Kevin in YEARS...I'm not elaborating.
It took him nearly 20 minutes to even come to our table. Then we ordered drinks and a bottle of wine. He actually sat the ice bucket with the win in it ON THE GROUND! Seriously?! The ground?! Isn't that a sanitation code violation?
After being there for about 30 minutes, we finally got to order. I will briefly state that they did not have things that were on the menu, mainly appetizers, but I won't go into specifics. 
Next, our food took over an hour to arrive. At one point, another woman waitress came over to apologize and she offered some of our party of 4 free soups, but not everyone, which was slightly odd. They had the alligator soup and that was the only part of the meal that 3/4 of us liked. 
By the way, after he took our orders, we did not ever see Kevin again until he picked up the bill. Didn't ask us if we wanted more floor-wine, didn't ever apologize for the meal taking so long, didn't bring us our checks, or offer us dessert.
Our meals came...by this time we are approaching the 9:45 mark (remember, reservation was at 8). Two people ordered the filet mignon, 1 of them medium, 1 of them medium rare. They came out BLUE....blue meaning less than rare.
My friend ordered the soft shell crab. It came out ice cold and chewy. She couldn't even eat it. I ordered the garlic chicken, and my meal was practically the only edible one.
By the time we left, it was 9:55 at night...way to kill our New Year's Eve on Bourbon Street. We barely had time to get a drink inside a bar.
I know some people may be thinking that the service was terrible because they were crowded since it was NYE. No. There were empty tables the entire time we were there. 
Honestly, it was 1 of 2 things: It was Kevin's first day...on planet Earth or Kevin was on drugs. Can't tell you which. Maybe both.
EPIC FAIL!!! Worst NYE dinner EVER, worst food in NOLA, DON'T DO IT!!!!Finally had the original oyster Rockefeller. It lived up to the hype. Truly amazing. A must try when in the French Quarter.