I got a groupon to try this restaurant on my trip to NOLA. It is a good deal for the price. I ordered the Scallops with shrimp, corn and bacon. It looks really good but i think it is way too salty. By my last bit, it was difficult to down even after gulping my whole glass of water. They were out of duck when i visited.Recommended by a college friend. Did not disappoint. Charbroiled oysters were excellent. I had the scallops for the main course, the bacon plank under the corn maque choux made the meal. The rest of the group enjoyed as well..... Pork chops, steak, roasted fish. Brioche bread pudding put us over the top. Well done!!!!One of my top brunch recommendations in all of Nola! Amazing service, pleasant ambience, delicious food (the homemade biscuits & jelly and the burger are my favs) and I like that it's kind of hidden...great local spot to take out of town friends to. Oh and....BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.The food was prepared well and the service was good with the exception of the server assistant spilling a whole drink on me as I was writing this review.Had the moonlighting for my drink of the night....amazing!  Courtney was a wonderful server, super patient and well timed.  Loved the shrimp & grits and scallops, didn't totally love the dirty duck balls.  Overall, a fantastic experience with great food and service!  Great location for a romantic dinner, especially since it's not crazy noisy and really rather cute and cozy!While this place offered excellent service and there were a few standout dishes, it is just not up to par for the price. We ordered pommes frites, dirty duck balls and the fried quail from the happy hour menu. We had the pappardelle with pork ragu from the main menu, as well as the wedge salad. The fries and dirty duck balls were yummy and cheap. A great deal. The fried quail left much to be desired. Overly greasy, hard to eat and laid on top of the absolute most bland potato salad I have ever tasted.  The pasta was insane good. I'm not kidding; it was transcendent. The problem was that you got about four bites for $16! That's a little nuts to me. Why be so stingy with the pasta? If this had been a good sized portion I would return again and again for it, but I cannot justify paying $16 for four bites of noodles and sauce. And last but not least, there was my poor, little, pitiful excuse of a wedge salad. I am a bit of wedge salad fanatic and I order them wherever they are on the menu. This was one of the worst I have ever had and it was $12!!! Insulting. I guess the conclusion I have come to about Apolline is that they're a fine place to stop in for happy hour and you wont damage your pocket book too much that way, but for god's sake stay away from the regular menu unless you are a glutton for punishment. This place has a lot of potential and would do well to heed the suggestions of me and others by reworking their menu and lowering their prices. And learn how to make a wedge salad!Had an amazing brunch Sunday! Our server Mark was excellent in providing wonderful service. The chicken confit with french toast was so delicious, and the deluxe Bloody Mary is an experience to enjoy. The manager Lamont was so nice and really made a very pleasurable experience for me and my lovely date! Highly recommended.In town for a girl's trip... We visited many of our normal spots while here ---but, this place is now one of our absolute faves!!! Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious. Worth the drive out of the Warehouse District.Fourth time for dinner here was excellent, yet again.  Scallop dish is tops, a must try!  And the bread pudding is the best I've ever had, which is saying a lot.  Try the Mississippi (something else in the name in forgetting, ha) cocktail.  It's a refreshing twist on a French 75.  Lovely restaurant, quiet atmosphere, friendly staff.  Will go back for a 5th meal for sure.Called ahead. Arrived to seven open tables. 30 minute wait. Left. Followed out by hostess with recommendations for other places to eat? Weird. Open tables - can't be seated - left - followed out. Harassed by the owner for leaving a bad review for reasons above. To quote owner "yelpers always exaggerate". Ok. You win. Customers are bad. This one was sent some place else and won't be back. Congrats.Definitely eat here! Food, service, decor-all excellent. The presentation was impeccable and the food was delicious. Highly recommend it.I have eaten dinner here twice, and I had a great experience both times.  The atmosphere is lovely, and the staff is friendly.  For dinner it's a quiet place, intimate and with soft lighting.  You can also eat at the little bar, which I love.  
The crab taco appetizer is crazy good and unique.  I remember the heirloom tomato salad also being very good.  The first time I ate here, I had the tuna, which was very good, and the second time I had a steak, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I also had a side order of sauteed mushrooms that were the best I've ever had--get them.  My partner had the special fish dish, and he ate it all before I could try it!  However, he said it was very good, and we eat a lot of seafood at a lot of restaurants, so I believe him (lol).
I've gotten the same thing for dessert both times--it's the goat cheese mousse, and I love it.  But I'm a sucker for goat cheese desserts, so there may be a little personal preference at play here.
On an unrelated note, I happened to meet the owner at the DMV once, and he is a really friendly, down to earth guy.  He chose the painting at the end of the bar--it's a French Creole woman named Apolline (the restaurant's namesake, clearly), and the color scheme of the restaurant is based on this painting.  It's a beautiful piece, you may want to take a look at it on your way past the bar to the restrooms if you have a chance.If loving Apolline is wrong, I don't want to be right. Seriously, there was a borderline obsession going on for a while for my boyfriend and myself with this restaurant.  It is top notch from start to finish.  I've been for brunch and dinner, and everything has been wonderful every time.  The decor of Apolline is classy and warm, the staff are friendly and attentive, and the food is downright YUMMY!  I'm talking "want to roll around in it" its so good.  The drum is delicious, the scallops are amazing, the steak is fabulous, the oyster app is outstanding...brunch is spot on...and on and on...  Chef Matt Farmer has got a good thing going. Can't wait to try Wine Down Wednesdays.  Keep up the good work, Apolline!This place was great. They have unlimited mimosa ($16) it's a nice little fancy place. The food was great and the staff was very nice. It's about 3 miles from the French quarter. Definitely a nice place to go to if you are in the area.The food was impeccable. They have a nice menu of house cocktails. I strongly recommend the charbroiled oysters. For dinner we had the scallops and the lamb shank; both excellent. And the peanut butter mousse was fantastic. 
What stood out on top of their food was the impeccable service. Ask for Ned. He ranks in the top 5 servers I have ever experienced. Truly remarkably well spoken, enthusiastic yet not over the top, present but not intrusive... and absolutely stellar service.My wife and I won a silent auction dinner for two here and used it last night.  Two custom crafted cocktails, appetizers, entrees and dessert.  This is a really beautiful and comfortable restaurant.  The service and ambiance is just terrific.  
I picked a cocktail off their menu and Miriam had one altered slightly for fun.  Both were crafted by their experienced bartender.  He's been a mixologist for 15 years and is very talented.  
Miriam started with the charbroiled oysters and I tried the brussels sprouts with duck confit.  The oysters were some of the best I've ever had in NOLA.  They had just the right amount of butter, cheese and char.  They were delicate and juicy and perfectly balanced.  My sprouts were the best I have ever had.  Again, perfectly cooked, seasoned and without too much fat but enough to be unctuous and delicious.  Great.
I ordered the scallops with maque choux, bacon and San Marzano tomato sauce.  I got three big scallops.  They were a little under maybe but I'd rather have them that way then overcooked for sure.  The tomato was overwhelming toward the end but this was a really delicious and flavorful dish.  Miriam ordered the Gulf Fish of the day.  I had a bite, was great.  You'll have to read her review for the details.  
For dessert I ordered the famous bread pudding and Miriam ordered the chocolate pots de creme.  The bread pudding was as good as the reviews state for sure.  Moist with a great praline flavor and a scoop of ice cream.  I thought it was just about perfect.  I would rather have a creme anglaise with whisky on mine but ice cream and praline sauce are almost as good.  I thought Miriam's dessert was way too sweet.  They should use a darker chocolate if they're going to top it with the sickly sweet roasted marshmallows.  A little balance.  I found it really to be too much.  It's a fun idea but not for me.  
The coffee service is excellent as well.  I think the prices for dinner are commensurate with the quality of the food and service.  Brunch looks expensive to me especially the Country Breakfast but I would definitely come back for dinner.Beautiful little restaurant tucked away on Magazine Street. We went with a dinner group. Nice cocktail menu and decent wine list. I went with a series of small dishes, which several of us shared.The chargrilled oysters were fabulou-- huge and juicy; one of our group thought they were better than the baked oysters, which she had ordered, and which was served as a casserole. I enjoyed the duck confit salad, although there wasn't much duck on it. The smoked crab and apple salad was tasty, although the crab was a little lost amidst the mayonnaise and apple. The sweetbreads and grits were praised by one of our group who enjoys sweetbreads. Our waitress highly recommended the peppered beef carpaccio, so I ordered it, despite not being a carpaccio fan. It was actually fantastic!  A little salty, but accompanied by a pile of dressed greens and shaved aged cheese, it tasted like a fresh prosciutto. Really tasty and worth trying.
I liked that all the herbs and vegetables are locally sourced (some grown on site), and Chef Matt Farmer came out to personally greet our group and was kind enough to answer random questions about the decor. Service was prompt and friendly, and waitstaff was very knowledgeable.WTF?
I tried to go to brunch here - I had a party of 3. I called in advance. They don't take reservations for brunch but they have plenty of space so just come on over. Great. We go. We get there. They have 8 open tables we can count by standing at the hostess station. She must go survey the room to tell us how long the wait will be. She returns after going and looking at all of their empty tables to tell us it will be 25 minutes before we can be seated. When asked why there is a wait when there are so many open tables she says that for us to have the best service possible it requires this wait. Uh, no thanks. The best service would be to seat me and take my drink order even if I have to wait 5 minutes for your bar to pour me a glass of champagne. I'm a local, and t dine out a ton. This was one of the stupidest interactions I've had to have with a restaurant in a very long time. They obviously don't want the business or positive customer reviews. In this instance, I am just a potential customer, but not any more. Skip this foolishness. There are many other better options.
REPLY TO KEITH:
In response to the owner's condescending reply to my negative review, I'll say this...what was awkward about my interaction with your staff was that you weren't that busy, so I was indeed befuddled that we could not be seated at one of the many open tables here. Thanks for schooling me on business. I work for a big one and have many clients who operate their own very successfully - including several restaurants. I've only lived in New Orleans my whole life, and I know a few people. I'll be sure to let all of them know that this is a place to scratch off their dining lists. There are so many other great options that no one will miss it. 
Thanks again for your great customer service and concern for my dining experience.Solid place to eat! Ate brunch here as well as dinner. 
Brunch is AWESOME! The biscuits are to die for .. make sure you pair them with the homemade jam. 
While eating dinner here in June, the power went out (It was out all down Magazine St) We still were able to get our food and enjoy it. the service was excellent!! 
Entrees have a great range of options to please everyone. The desserts change often and always have a fun "funky" flair ... yum! All and all, you can not go wrong here!! Try it, you won't be sorry!Sooooooo disappointed! My friend and I who share a birthday ate at Apolline and loved it. So we decided to have mutual celebration there with our 8 friends from Thibodaux. The staff immediately informed us the bartender didn't show. We ordered appetizers that last time were delicious, this time fair, at best. Next and I think the worst, 9 people served and one of our guests was left waiting 18 minutes,to be served, because they had burned her food. We made reservations 2 1/2 weeks before our party and it appeared they were were not ready for us, except that the table was set. 
Another disappointment was there was a very limited dessert menu, that day. They had a chance to win over 8 out-of-towners, who visit NO often, but instead turned 
us all OFF! No more Apolline for me!I really enjoyed brunch this morning.  I am used to restaurants being packed for brunch so we arrived right at 10 and it was empty!  Our waiter was very nice and attentive.  I had the Delux Bloody Mary and it was a sight to behold!  It had two huge boiled shrimp, a ton of spicy beans and a tiny biscuit!  We ordered the biscuits and jam to start and after that I was already full!  I got the steak and eggs and it was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I would go again just for the bloody mary!  I am really looking forward to trying happy hour as well!Came here with a Groupon and was very pleased with dinner. My bf and I glanced at their menu online before going in and my bf had his mind set on their pork shank or cowboy ribeye. When we got our menus they had made some changes, taking both of those off in exchange for quail and a new york strip. My bf opted for the strip and I got the scallops. 
We started with the shrimp and grits. The shrimp came w/ heads on and were half peeled. The presentation was beautiful but I wish they were peeled for me. And the grits were like a fried grit cake. There were also some pieces of andouille sausage that gave it a bite. It was not was I was thinking but it tasted very good. But it was my least favorite dish of the night. Three stars
Scallops were cooked beautifully and I had a nice surprise underneath the corn with a thick crispy piece of bacon the brought the dish all together. Flavor was great but my shrimp were slightly over and the dish was a bit greasy. It also came with a pea puree that really lightened it up though. Four stars
The NY Strip was cooked to perfection (med rare) and was seasoned very nicely. It also came with potatoes au gratin with ham which was so cheese and velvety smooth. It was a very nice combination. My bf wanted a little more flavor, like a compound butter but the restaurant did not have any. Four stars
For dessert we were deciding between the blueberry shortcake and the bread pudding. Both tables to each side of us had each dessert so after comparing the two we got the brioche bread pudding w/ praline sauce. It had candied pecans on top which gave it a great crunch. The bread pudding was so velvety smooth and it was absolutely delicious. I was worried it may have been too sweet for me with the praline sauce but with the vanilla ice cream it was very well balanced and was the end to an amazing meal. Five stars
Our server, Mikayla was great and made great suggestions. Service was very good and our food came at at the appropriate time. They have a great cocktail menu but after a day of day-drinking water was all I thirsted for. I will definitely be back to try out their happy hour and that blueberry shortcake.Apolline has become my favorite neighborhood restaurant (and bar, for that matter). It fills a void in the uptown dining scene; the need for a nice, upscale casual, but comfortable restaurant with excellent food and drinks.  Chef Matt creates food that reflects the best of the season and the drinks are created with housemade spirits that reflect the tastes of the season and wonderfully compliment Chef Matt's food. The staff is attentive and helpful and always keen to offer suggestions. The pork chop and the beef carpaccio are two of my favorites. Be sure to ask Analyn, the bar tender about her collection of housemade infused vodkas and brandies!
Not only is the food and drink top-notch, but the space is great too. Housed in a historic, restored, double shotgun, there is a large open dining area, as well as a private room and bar area. The restoration of the house was very well done and historically sensitive. All in all, Apoline is a great choice if you are looking for a low-key week day dinner or a fancy, go-all-out weekend dinner.I have to reduce to 3 stars based on last night's meal. But I do want to comment a little more on the space than I did last time. 
 The space itself is really attractive, an old double shotgun converted to a single. The dining room is  both halves of what was the original first and second parlors. There are two freestanding fireplaces in the room which some foolish designer decided to whitewash so what was probably soft red brick is now whitewashed brick, not unattractive but not as lovely as the original likely was. The bar is further back and is nice, but I don't like the transition from historic to contemporary. Actually there is no transition. It's just changes like you've gone through a time warp.
This is the second time I have been here, and the food was wanting. It was one of those meals that was almost there, just needed a boost to get to the top. 
We started with duck balls (I know) and baked oysters. Both were good, both were warm not hot, both needed salt. For entrees we ordered the  same scallop dish from last time and the filet. The scallops were cooked correctly, but the corn in the maque choux was tough and ... not hot. The filet was served atop a delicious carrot puree with roasted potatoes. It was ordered medium rare and served barely medium, more like medium well, and the entire dish was lukewarm. In addition, the confit mushrooms that were supposed to be included were nowhere in sight.
Finally for dessert we ordered the apple moonshine cake with apple sorbet. The cake was fine, but the sorbet was ill conceived and poorly executed, a watery mess. Ice cream is what was needed in any event, not sorbet.
So it was a disappointing evening (other than the company). Would I go back? Maybe. Hopefully, the kitchen staff had a bad night.If you want a great atmosphere, awesome drinks, and delicious food, then definitely come to Appoline. Would be a great place for a first date in an unintimidating-yet-classy atmosphere with food that won't completely break the bank (though expect $40 - $50 per person with drinksC'est magnifique!  From the moment we walked in the door, this place seemed special. Our host and hostess were polite and professional.  Our server was great, very charming and easygoing, but also very knowledgeable about the menu and able to answer all of the questions we threw at her.  She definitely made the evening more enjoyable. 
The food, though, was the real highlight. We split charbroiled oysters and a lettuce wedge for our appetizers. Each was a modern play on a classic, and both were very satisfying. My wife had the scallops, and I had the fresh gulf fish. Both were prepared perfectly, and were delicious.
We definitely hope to return the next time we are in New Orleans.We had brunch there today and it was our first visit. It definitely won't be our last!! The staff were so outgoing and friendly. The atmosphere was great and the food was amazing!!!
You're missing something special if you don't try this restaurant!If you want a meal so good you're left questioning your life and absolutely certain on the existence of heaven... This is the place. Hand crafted cocktails, an amazing wine list, food worth dying for that honestly makes you think you might have gone to heaven already., all paired with a staff and owner who know love and cherish their menu.... You really can't beat this place on ambience, menu, service, or overall experience. My #1 restaurant in New Orleans by far!Small and intimate setting but very loud for breakfast on a Sunday. Staff was attentive and my waiter knew the menu well and made a great suggestion. I had the Eggs Appoline and it's AMAZING!!I've done two boozy brunches here and both have been wonderful! I had their bottomless mimosas and both times they gave me a to-go cup poured to the top! I have the duck bowel and the eggs apolline. Both were delicious! I've been very happy with the service and atmosphere. We will definitely continue to go here!The food!!!!! The service!!! Everything was just amazing! We went during St Patrick's Day weekend and fell in love! If you are looking for a great atmosphere, great food, amazing portions! Look no further!Under the radar gem. Unpretentious service, creative and flavorful food, and fairly reasonable price compared to other high end restaurants in town. Also, it's a beautiful room.This restaurant was delicious. Don't pass up the heirloom tomato salad with pistachios and balsamic. My only compliant being the over easy eggs were way too easy. Some of the whites were still clear.Had a great brunch experience at Apolline and hope to go back soon! 
I ordered the duck hash with poached eggs. Really tasty but a little heavy on potatoes and a little skimpy on the duck meat. 
My friend ordered the breakfast apolline and enjoyed it -- include crawfish, poached egg, and creamy hollandaise so be ready to eat something rich if you get this 
We got the pecan bacon as an appetizer by recommendation of our waiter. It was good but could've been a little crispier. 
Be sure to try: 
Bottomless drinks -- they keep the mimosas and Bloody Mary's coming! Definitely worth your while to invest in this if you're trying to get boozy at brunch.
Iced coffee with chocolate. Great strong coffee with chocolate sauce on the bottom. Not too sweet.
Overall a good brunch spot with a nice atmosphere and friendly service! 
Just went back -- loved the chicken and waffles tooLovely ambiance. Pork shanks cooked perfectly. Located in Victorian cottage right past Valence street. Nice addition to UptownWe tried Apolline for the first time on Sat evening and LOVED it.  The atmosphere is very charming and the food was really good.  We had the charbroiled oysters and crab meat and goat cheese tart for apps which were incredible.  My partner had the sweet potato and andouille bisque and it was also great.  For entrees we had the drum and the grouper and for desert we split the bread pudding.  We will be going back again soon and we are so happy to have such a great newer restaurant in the neighborhood.I do belueve for Sunday brunch, one can do a lot better.   nothing was very good although the eggs apolina was tasty.  The clientele were beautiful, but more trendy than discretionary for their culinary selections.   Lovely interior, nice people, questionable epicurean skills.The best meal we've had in ages! The carpaccio was out of this world! We had several of the appetizers and each one was perfectly balanced and light, so flavorful. 
We came on our third wedding anniversary and were treated so well by the staff. We found the ambiance to be perfect for our party of two, but could easily see ourselves returning with a larger group to pass and share the apps. 
I had the scallops, which came with perfectly cooked shrimp and the best corn maque choux I've ever had. It was creamy and not overpowered by bell peppers. 
My husband had the duck. It was amazing! The pecans really made the duck pop. 
The whole experience was wonderful and we would recommend this to anyone. 
Chef Farmer is a talented New Orleans chef bringing a great voice to the food scene with his balanced and creative dishes.I tried the three-course dinner, every dish is awesome!
I started with a Baked Brie, the cheese in it is baked, the skin of it taste great, and the red onion is sweet, very yummy.
Entree: Crispy Confit Duck Leg with red bean sauce, it is very very crispy! Awesome.
Dessert:Brioche Bread Pudding (vanilla bean ice cream, pecans, praline sauce). Bread pudding is alway great dessert, even better with ice cream and pecan!
I will definitely recommend Apolline to my friends and it worth a second visit!Apolline Restaurant has the nicest people, starting from the customers, to the host, to the waitresses all the way to the chef. Chef Mike personally said hello to my friends and I and he made extra goodies. :) The food and mimosas were amazing which made the atmosphere out of this world. I will return to this restaurant.Overall a very pleasant meal.
My wife and I came here on a Friday night for dinner.The restaurant was not very populated at all when we arrived but slowly start to get a little busier as the night went on.
 We decided to go with the flatbread that was on special.  We also ordered a half bottle of wine that was brought out in a carafe.  The flatbread was good and was a nice light appetizer. 
  For the main entree, we got the Seared Diver Scallops.  This dish all around was pretty good.  The Maque Corn Choux was a great addition and the bacon plank that the scallops were served on was very tasty.
  For our dessert, we ordered the Chocolate Bombe. The dessert was okay but a little hard to eat at first because the bombe was still a little frozen. 
 Our waiter was very pleasant and we have nothing bad to say about this place.The food was excellent. The new cook from Phily did a stellar job. The food is not your usual fare but definitely worththe adventure. The service was exceptional and the ambiance was perfect. Topping it off the pandora Bill Withers station made it that much more enjoyable.Hesitant to write this review for fear of not being able to get a table next visit.  Anyway, let me start by staying this place rocks, and service goes a long way.  We walked 30 minutes from our place to dine and the long, hot, perspiring trip was worth every step.  Arrived about 11 on a busy Sunday morning only to be genuinely welcomed by the delightful hostess.  She was not only welcoming and inviting, but genuine as well.  She opened the door, welcomed us and sat us, quickly.  
Waitress arrived quickly, complimented my wife's earrings, and delivered beverages immediately.  She checked in on us often and provided excellent service.
Food was outstanding.  We enjoyed heirloom salad, soup, omelette, and divine bread pudding.  Every bite better than the last.  
Just when you think  things can't get better, the delightful waitress delivers to-go glasses of fresh squeezed mimosas.  
I hope I don't regret this review due to lack of availability next visit but run, don't walk.  Brunch is top notch here.  Thanks for making our Sunday perfect!  We'll be back!Service was slow and unfriendly. My food was not good enough for the price, and the lack of options did not class up the place. Rather, it was frustrating and SO SLOW. Only reason I'm giving it two stars is because my dining companions enjoyed their food slightly more than I. I will not return nor recommend to anyone visiting the city. Go to Coulis- cheaper, friendlier, and much better food.This is a great little neighborhood restaurant! Wine selection had good options, good atmosphere, perfect date night place. Very quaint and romantic. Would def go back!Had brunch here (primarily for the bottomless mimosas and bloody marys). Service was poor to start - they forgot about our table at first - but after that the staff was very attentive. The mimosas and bloody marys were great - Bloody Mary came with garnishments (like it should) and the mimosas were generous. Plus you can switch between the two and they let us take them to go! We had the Eggs Apolline and the burger. Would recommend both! Overall rating a 4 - very solid brunch option!What a cute little restaurant and great dining experience. We had a groupon for this place. Although groupon is a great way to try new places I have found that most are complete misses. This place was definitely an exception and a pleasant surprise.
The space is very inviting and cozy; it's a converted double shotgun home with simple decor. The setting is perfect for a romantic dinner or intimate group gathering.
The menu is nice and focused. I had the pan seared scallops. Came with three scallops and three shrimp over a corn macque choux and a thick piece of bacon and a tomato sauce. The corn medley and bacon were actually my favorite part of the dish. The scallops were okay and the shrimp was a bit over cooked and slightly bitter. 
My dinner companion had the fish of the day (red snapper) which was served with Green beans and a crab salad. Was a good dish and the fish was cooked well.
For dessert we had the blueberry shortcake which I highly recommend. The biscuits were warm, crunchy on the outside, chewy inside. Was topped with a generous serving of blueberries and served with ice cream and blueberry goat cheese. I'm not typically a fan of goat cheese, but it was all very balanced and delicious together. 
They have an amazing sounding happy hour tues-fri 5-630. We missed that but we were there for wine Wednesday --four types of wine for $5 a glass or $20 for the bottle. And they definitely didn't skimp on the pour. 
Service was friendly and relatively quick. No complaints there.
Overall, really enjoyed dining here. The portions are pretty small for what you pay so would probably come back for either happy hour or a special occasion.Went here a couole of months ago for brunch.  It honestly was a very disappointing experience.  We went here based on the reviews we read on yelp.  Maybe we went on an off day but the food was terrible.  I was so annoyed with my food quality compared to the price.  I got the chicken and waffles.  For some reason $17 only gets you half a waffle.  I guess I am so focused on that because it was the only edible thing on my plate and I wished there was more cause I was starving!  The chicken was one of the worst cooked items I have ever received from a restaurant.  The chicken was so dry it was really just flavorless jerky, how you achieve such dry chicken with the bone in I don't know.  With the dry chicken you would think that it would at least have a crispy skin but no it was greasy, slimy and soggy. I reminded me of the first time my kid sister made chicken at the age of 12.
I actually left hungry cause I could only eat the half of a waffle they gave me.
There are to many great places in new orleans to even think about giving this place a chance!Great bottomless mimosas!! Nice ambience. The food was tasty. We tried the candied pecan bacon, the chicken and waffles and the roasted pork enchiladas. All were great!Apolline is an uber cute restaurant the girls and I came acrosss when we walked the empty streets of magazine after midnight on Friday night. practically everything was closed but we thought the building was cute. It looks like a house at first but then we saw the sign and realized it was a restaurant. After further inspection and days later when we thought we should partake in a brunch on Sunday, Apolline made the cut.
To be honest, we had tried a few other places, of which only took reservations, and we had certainly not thought ahead that far, Apolline does not take reservations for brunch, first come first served. Awesome sauce. It was close to our airbnb so we walked over Sunday morning and made it just in time. Shortly after being seated a few other large groups came in, only to wait. We gave our selves pat's on the back, tee hee hee. 
The place is adorbs inside, much like most of new orleans. Beautiful hard wood floors, brick pillars, tall ceiling to floor windows. Pretty place for brunch. Let's not forget they have bottomless mimosas if you so choose. 
We started with an order of their pecan bacon. Which was just like it says, bacon, topped with sugary pecan.They're like candied pieces of bacon. Delicious. I got ordered their Eggs Apolline which is basically their take on an eggs benedict complete with andouille sausage and crawfish tails. It was tasty, I will say. My poached eggs were a little more cooked then i would have liked but i was alright with it. They were very busy. The stellar dish I would say is the waffle and fried chicken thigh one of the other girls ordered. The waffle was airy and still crispy and the chicken thigh was cooked to perfection, boneless and easy to eat. 
Brunch was certainly a success and the food was good, but expected a little bit more. The mimosa's were a hit and they even made us an order to go when we were done! It does get a little bit loud in there, or a lot a loud so be prepared for that. Fun place to dine out and do something on the fancier end.The best kept secret in all of New Orleans. We had a table of 8, the service was wonderful and the food was out of this world! From Tampa to Apolline, Thank you!My friend and I went last night for some wine and apps.  So delicious!  There wine selection was lovley and their fries were so good!  The service was excellent.  It's the perfect cozy setting a fall evening.  Will for sure be back!Service was spotty (and it was pretty empty) and the food, besides the cinnamon bacon, was less than stellar. There are definitely better Brunch options.Just went to Apolline for the second time. I loved it so much the first that I was worried my expectations were too high and I would be a little disappointed, which is so often the case. Not this time, however. The second visit was even better than the first. The walnut manhattan is wonderful and each time I had too many because I couldn't get enough. The duck confit leg and the pork loin are both absolutely amazing. I took my mom and she got the pork loin. She said it was the best pork loin she has ever eaten. Then, the desserts. The goat cheese mousse, served with pears and a bevy of other things is heavenly. Love this place!The chargrilled oysters, heirloom tomato salad and the short rib....mmmmm. Not to mention the beautiful decor, paintings--and don't miss the wall paper in the ladies room.  And if you like Bourbon, start with their cocktail..."a Dance on the Courthouse Lawn"!So the manager contacted us to encourage us to return because they wanted to show us a better experience, and they did! We were so happy that we gave it another shot. We left our first Apolline dinner really disappointed, because we could see the potential but it failed on every account. Recently, it has gone under new management which is what I believe has made a huge difference. Our dinner last night was amazing. 
The servers were great, and the food was even more notable. We got the gnocchi appetizer (I recently went to Rome for a semester where I ate a lot of gnocchi, and this beat almost every gnocchi I had there). The gnocchi was light and delicious, and the sauce had a medley of vegetables and was perfectly cooked. We also got a duck confit salad for an appetizer and it was a very inventive take on a classic combination of salad components. As a crouton, they used a delicious spice bread underneath the greens, which remained crispy the whole time. It had an amazing spiced poached pear, and a great wedge of suiting blue cheese to go with it. 
As an entree, we got perhaps the most delicious dish I have had in months: their scallop dish is out of this world. It is on a foundation of perfectly cooked bacon with a corn choux and amazing scallops. We also got a perfectly medium rare kansas city strip for the other entree with feta frites.
We have attributed the poor first Apolline experience to the fact that it was Valentine's Day and they were tired and under the previous management. Because this meal was spectacular. It was amazing that in one visit, they completely changed our minds from a sub-par establishment to one of our new favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Went here about a month ago.  Nice place for a date - in quaint old house with fireplace in dining room.  Their butternut squash/andouille sausage soup (nightly special not on menu) was great.  Their steak and pasta was not much to remember.  I'd probably give it another try but not too soon.Ned was awesome! We had a party of 7 and had amazing food. We highly recommend this place for brunch/lunch. The Bloody Mary's were great too.Delicious appetizers! Delicious entrees! My husband and I came here to enjoy our pre Valentine's Day dinner. Service, Atmosphere, Food - all on point! Check them out! Lovely!!!New favorite brunch spot! Googled good brunch spots and Apolline popped up! Great menu, bottomless mimosas!! Cute little spot on magazine, hidden treasure! Service was excellent, atmosphere was great! Quoted 45 minutes to wait...don't think we even waited 20! Perfection! Sara took excellent care of us and I will recommend Apolline to any of my guests!I came here for brunch and I was really  impressed. 
I ordered the Eggs Appoline and it was so yummy. It was the perfect portion, the perfect flavor combinations, and it hit the SPOT.
The servers were friendly, the vibes and decor were fabulous and the people watching was PRIME. 
Also, the bathrooms are so beautiful!My favorite brunch in New Orleans. The shrimp & grits are out of this world. Smoked pork enchiladas for breakfast? -yes. Topped with a sunny side egg. Highly recommend a visit.Pros:
Beautiful atmosphere
Nice, attentive waitstaff 
Fun zydeco music
Good food, but compared to the many amazing options in NO, average at best. 
Cons:
Limited brunch selection
Not many healthy options 
Limited hot tea selectionOne of my new favorite places. This is a review for mostly the happy hour and atmosphere, since we only ordered the fries to eat (which were really good!). We went last Friday after I had been eyeing a bus sign in the CBD advertising it, for a while now. We went in and it is the most adorable restaurant! Great, romantic place. We got seats at the bar and everyone was chatting together and the bartender, Mark (I'm pretty sure that's his name) was amazing. He was engaging in conversation with everyone and seemed to be having a great time. The options for the small plates for happy hour were great! Some examples: $2 olives, $4 salad or fries, $6 scallops
We talked to him for a while and he even gave us samples of the "my brother-in-law..." drink, which was great! All our cocktails/wine were really good. Definitely will be back here!! :)Apolline was absolutely wonderful.  The food was fantastic and the waiters were attentive, fun and intelligent.  The chef is young and puts a nice spin on some traditional dishes, and the owner even stood outside for us at 11PM trying to flag down a cab.  The restaurant is really an old house that's decorated very simply (but clean); it's a bit loud (we had a very loud party next to us in the private room, which is basically cut off only by a curtain), and it's not the place to go for a quiet romantic dinner, but I would recommend it to anyone looking for a cool neighborhood restaurant with a young exciting chef that puts their own flair on traditional New Orleans' cuisine.  I will definitely be back.  Highly recommended.Hands down the best restaurant to be at on a Weekend. Bottomless mimosas on point!
Jessie (female server) absolutely the best. She was off today but Ned took real care of us. Ready for refills at any time. He did it last weekend and succeeded this weekend as our server. Highly recommend this placeI've only been here for the Sunday Brunch with bottomless mimosas, but I don't want to go anywhere else,  is someone can recreate this vibe closer to the city,  I'm there. BUT, in the meantime the food is amazing, that's really all you need to know,  but there are two staff members that made the experience even better. Jessie and my man NED, if you're not in his section,  it's probably going to suck for you. The best brunch in the city hands down.We came for brunch on our last day in NOLA. Three of us had bottomless Bloody Mary's (peppery and perfect). The Herb Roasted Duck Bowl was amazingly good! The Eggs Apolline was good, but the Duck Bowl was better. We also started with the orgasmic Cinnamon Bacon! This was most def worth the trip from The Quarter. We'll be back!Had the steak.  It was perfect. Tasted wife's pork Loin. Tad dry. Great atmosphere, although with half the restaurant empty I would have liked to be seated further away from the bar. 
Overall, a great restaurant. I'm just being critical because its a review.When to brunch on Wednesday. Usually brunch is on weekends but thought give it a try. When we arrived there were 3 tables being served and noticed no one was eating yet. Only one waitress who was trying to do her best....got the drinks mixing up. She apologizes. And had proper drinks in 5 minutes.  Took about 20 minutes for food to come. Since no food drink started going to my head and asked for bread or just crackers, she said they didn't serve that with brunch.  I got vegetable omelet which was great and wife got pork enchiladas which was good also. Exterior was old home but inside rather modern...dining room open and not quint. Nothing really spectacular to keep me coming back, but definitely worth a try. Prices very reasonableThis was one of the best meals my husband and I have had in awhile. My scallops were fresh and perfectly cooked. His smoked pork chop was tender and juicy. You can tell the kitchen staff puts tremendous care into the dishes they present. The cocktails were delicious too! We've eaten at many fine restaurants in the city and this was among the best!The best shrimp and grits on the planet!  I'm addicted.  The duck leg wonderfully crisp and succulent kale ravioli.  The building is charming and the staff is friendly and fast.  A great location on Magazine!  I will go again many times.  Again, the shrimp and grits is a must!In my quest to try different restaurants all over town, a friend and I ended up here.
To be honest, I would probably give this place 3.75 stars, but since this isn't Star Search, we'll just go with 4 stars.
I really liked the ambiance of this place. It's small, but nice and the lay out is perfect for the space. For our starters we got the Foie Sheaux. It was delicious foie gras topped with greens. It was very rich and very good. I'm not usually a huge fan a foie gras, but this was amazing.
For my entree' I decided on the Lamb Osso Bucco. This really was an experimental kind of night, because I usually don't go for lamb at all. I guess if you are going to have something that's out of your comfort zone, this is a good place to do so. It wasn't bad. The lamb was tender and it came on a bed of fettuccine.  The sauce had a lot of flavor and complimented the lamb well. I am still not really a lamb fan, but this dish was well prepared and succulent.
As for dessert, we ordered the pumpkin ice cream. It came topped on a ginger snap. It was good because it was really light and refreshing and was a good way to end the meal.
I might go back and try some other dishes, but Apolline probably won't be on the top of my list of "go to" restaurants.Bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Mary's Sundays for brunch!  And the food is delicious!  Great place, so glad the place we originally wanted to eat was too packed, this was definitely better!!I absolutely adore this place, but I'm spoiled since it's walking distance for me... It's great for weekend brunch, but gets very crowded and they don't take reservations, which sometimes makes for a long wait. 
But make sure to try it for dinner too - the food's phenomenal, it's great for a date, or sit at the bar and enjoy a curated cocktail from Mark the "professional enabler" aka bartender. Wine-Down Wednesdays and a decent Happy Hour are big pluses, too.I used to love Apolline, but their serving sizes have decreased dramatically in recent months. I was extremely disappointed when my food was delivered. The biscuits they now use are very small and pretty hard. Though Apolline used to be my go-to brunch spot, I won't be going back to pay $16 for such a tiny plate. Service and atmosphere were still great, but I can't justify spending that money on such a small serving.Excellent meal. I was in NOLA for a few days in a work trip and someone at a CrossFit I dropped in at suggested Magazine St for dinner. It was a 25 minute drive from my hotel, but I figured I would give it a go since my hotel was in a horrible food zone (all fast fried food). I looked on Yelp and found positive reviews of Apolline. It was a few block stroll from where I'd parked so I got to look at other places first. The restaurant was tucked into what looked like an old house but had a very classy interior. The host and waiter were very helpful. I had the heirloom tomato salad and the snapper appetizers. Both were excellent. I had the pork chop for dinner and it was also perfect. I drank a glass of Cabernet with the apps and had an old fashioned with the chop - very pleased with everything. Slightly pricey, but definitely would go again. Highly recommend.Lovely in so many ways. It's a beautiful serene dining room with impeccable service, beautiful soft jazz playing and the food is memorable and delicious. I had a beautiful tenderloin,a salad of  some tiny pear shaped tomatoes combined with watermelon (of all things) and it was fabulous! Then finished with bread pudding which was small and well done- not a giant glop of over sweetened bread.  It was very French with beautiful tables set with crisp white linens and oh yes, the tiny bread is so delicious and hot right out of the oven. Shamefully we asked for seconds and weren't even embarrassed to do so.
I get hungry when I think of Appoline.We came for brunch on a Saturday morning.  We loved everything we ordered and the service was on point!  I think our servers name was Jessie. She was super sweet and gave us great suggestions.  (Pulled pork enchiladas x3). I will for sure come back for dinner next time!My parents, some friends of ours and I were planning to go to Coulis around 11 AM, but the line was down the street. I've always been interested in this place, so we just went here. We were a party of six, so they were a little upset that we hadn't made a reservation, but they graciously put a table together for us. We had a delicious meal with a very nice waitress, and the food was top quality. The french toast. wow. Veggie omelet. yum. I got the duck salad and I think it was the best thing on the table. Call beforehand and go to this beautiful restaurant!!