A total fucking joke. My grandparents lived in NO and I've been to Arnaud's enough times to tell you it should be closed. I was incredulous by the 3.5 rating but it should be a 1.0 and shuttered. There are so many killer places - don't waste your time on the old places. They are resting in their laurels and really are your grandmother's old and bad meals. Yuck.I tried to judge Arnaud's on its own merits, but being in New Orleans I just couldn't. 
It was very good, but compared to all of the other similar places (Commanders Palace chief among them), I just couldn't help but to feel a big ripped off.Was careful to make reservations 3 weeks in advance expecting to celebrate a special day with my special someone. She was wearing dressy shorts - ladies, you know the fashion trend - not chinos or khakis - pinstriped office casual...all over at banana and J Crew and a black blouse. Me in a black dress and flats. We were denied entrance due to her shorts. These were knee length dressy shorts. I get it - they have a dress code which I appreciate when I'm dropping $$$ for dinner. HOWEVER, They offered to seat us in the Jazz bistro which normally I would've been cool with but I refused to pay the fee - they should've waived due to the Dress code mix up. A good restaurant does that - they accommodate their guests. I felt that their website was a tad vague - they mention a specific dress code for men but don't address specifically women's attire. 
Any way - long story short..went to Antoine's (comparable restaurant and prices) in OUR SAME CLOTHES...were seated graciously, had fantastic food and drinks with a great waiter and dropped the $300 there instead.I loved this restaurant! Came here in 2015 to celebrate Birthdays in December. The service and food is outstanding. We had duck and turtle soup, and finished off the night with the bananas foster dessert show! Best part, live jazz players roam around the restaurant giving you that nostalgic feel of NOLADon't bother with the fancy dining where you need to wear a suit.  The same menu can be had at their jazz club where you can dine to live Dixieland music in a relaxed atmosphere. Get the Oysters 3 ways (rockafeller, bienville, and some other way).  To die for.   Check out the antique tile floor mosaic, they just don't do floors like that anymore. The Trout Amandine is quite nice.Though I know this place is a tad touristy (understatement), my parents used to always go here so I thought it might be a nice place to bring a tourist for jazz brunch. Big mistake. Our servers were rude and didn't seem to know what "Worcestershire" was and also stated that they didn't have any sherry for the turtle soup (which I find hard to believe). The food was okay but not worth the price or the condescending attitudes from the wait staff. In a city with plenty of incredible food, I wouldn't waste my time again...This was a very fancy dinner.  The food was very good, the service was good,  the ambiance was very loud, but once the music began it was nice.I had an awesome birthday dinner here in the jazz room.. couldn't have asked for a better time! My boyfriend booked reservations online and they went through smoothly. We were seated immediately at a nice little table facing the 3 person jazz band. They were awesome! Seriously talented people who were ready to take requests at any time. At one point they actually sung happy bday to a lady at the table next to mine.. which was nice. I basked in it a little bit and at the same time was super grateful my boyfriend didn't alert them to my special day. I'm really shy and would've probably turned bright red if that happened to me!
On to the food- it really was special. We each had a delicious appetizer. Mine was the shrimp bisque, mmmm. Loved it! My boyfriend had Mushrooms Véronique, which had all kinds of crazy flavors and spices I couldn't place. It was really wonderful and apparently contained grapes somewhere in there. The cheese on them was amazing.
For dinner I had the Crabmeat Karen, which was very rich crab shaped flaky pastry with white creamy wine sauce.. the inside was full of delicious crab meat. It was too much for my boyfriend but I really liked it. He tried the Breast of Duck Ellen and devoured it! It had cooked blueberries with wine sauce- almost like a jam. I usually don't like duck but this was really tasty! They must be doing something right here. For dessert we had the Creme Brulee- WOW. That's all I can say. So glad we got it.. it was perfect. While we were finishing up someone ordered a crazy dessert and we watched as our waittress lit an orange and the twirly peel on fire while pouring alcohol down the entire thing. Whoa.
Bill was a little pricey, a tad over $100 for two people who did not have alcoholic drinks or tons of courses. But for this experience it was super worth it. Best birthday dinner ever. My boyfriend is awesome!!!!! He even got away with wearing his nice pants and sweater with sneakers- even though dress code was "dressy". It was cool, I saw a dude wearing converses at another table too!I was recommended by a friend and this was actually my 2nd time in. Katie never disappoints. The atmosphere is top notch, a must for any visitor to NOLA. The jazz band is amazing. The food is the best I've had in NOLA. I had the filet which was prepared perfect. The cocktails are amazing and the desert selection you can't beat. A MUST experience when you are New Orleans.This place is pricey, but worth it.  I have several food allergies and they were able to whip something up for me last minute that was delicious and I did not get sick.  My hubby particularly liked the crunchy potato things.  Our waiters were very professional.  The museum upstairs was creepy and weird but I still liked it.  Thank you!!!!One of my all time favorite restaurants and it still manages to deliver a satisfying dining experience after Katrina. 
I've been to Arnaud's three or four times now, most recently during Jazz Fest. The food is as good as I remember it. You absolutely must have their bananas foster, an amazing dessert prepared tableside.
Unfortunately, due to Katrina the service is not what it used to be. We waited quite a while for the bananas foster. We finally had to go and get someone -- which turned out to be educational.
He talked about how pre-Katrina they had 65 trained waiters. Only four returned after the storm. He talked about the struggles the restaurant has had. (We encouraged the discussion, he wasn't whining.)
If you're going to New Orleans and looking for an amazing dining experience go to Arnaud's. Just cut them some slack as they recover.I had the filet and fried oysters and they were wonderful! Perfectly cooked and ambiance was to die for. The band came around and played a private song for us and was able to meet every request. food was fresh and wonderful. Drinks were strong but lacked in creativity. Thanks for a wonderful evening!Now, this is a great place for brunch! (It's probably pretty good for other meals, but I've only had brunch there.) I went there with a bunch of people on Sunday, and man-alive, did we eat well. Where to start?
Well, first of all, the service is really very good. The server was attentive and thoughtful. Service was by-the-books old school. Understated and careful. 
Now, the really important stuff - the food. We had everything from Shrimp Arnaud to the seafood cheesecake, to the Eggs Fauteux, to turtle soup, to bananas foster, to boudin cakes, and more. Without exception, each dish was really solid. Not always complex, but always deep.  My favorite was probably the Eggs Fauteux - the eggs were poached exactly right. 
Oh, and the drinks. Oh, the drinks! We had a bunch of those. Mimosas, bloody marys, champagne, French 75s. Just so good.
And, of course, the jazz was good. The band was cool and liked to talk in between songs.Food was good. We had eaten at Emeril's the night before and this didn't  start to compare. My $14 glass of  red wine was served in a short , narrow fluted, thick rimmed glass that you would buy at Walmart for $.99!  Great ambience right in the heart of the French Quarter. The roving jazz trio was superb - a bass, soprano sax, and banjo. Go for the music  but for the price, go to Emeril's instead.This place is a classic.  Featured at Arnaud's is cajun cuisine.  This is not an inexpensive place - be prepared.  I had the gumbo and one of seafood specials cajun style and was very happy with both.  The cocktails were great, and were strong and imaginative.  I read some of the poor reviews and most seemed driven by service.  My service was great.  I can see how if they might be super busy the service could slip a tad .. but the place was packed when I was there and I was in town for a convention and there were several large parties around.  I sat on the bistro side and was glad I did.  The location was great and right off of Bourbon.  Check it out is my recommendation.This is an ok place, high volume, touristy, but not bad.  Its just not a great restaurant if you are into food...Service was fine, bananas foster for desert was fine although sugar/rum sauce wasn't fully cooked. We felt a bit rushed in and rushed out.I have been to this place two times, and so far, I am not very impressed.  The food was okay.  Service was good but it is a little too formal to a point that I felt a little "distanced" from them.  This place is pricey and I don't think it is worthy for me to go back again.After dining at Commander's Palace the night of May 21, 2011, which had the second best service I have had in 40 years of dining in fine restaurants throughout the world, two nights later on the 23rd--what a disappointment Arnaud's was.  Higher prices than C.P., slovenly uniformed wait staff, being shoved into a noisy but pretty dining room; a wine list containing some good but overpriced wine served in one-size standard Libby wine glasses, made us feel as though we had entered a true tourist trap, which we obviously had.   
We are from San Francisco, where a restaurant like this wouldn't even last on tacky Fisherman's Wharf.Top to bottom old school fine dining. We went for the Jazz Brunch, which is a three course meal of an appy, a main, and dessert. I started with the stiff bourbon milk punch, and they bring a fresh loaf of bread for you to eat messily (no bread plates as per their 100 year tradition). The appetizer selection was quite varied with a dozen Cajun & Creole items ranging from gumbo to crab cakes to shrimp remoulade. The local shrimp was noticeably less muddy here than other restaurants we dined at, in case that's an issue for you. The gumbo was more on the refined side as far as preparations of this dish are concerned.
For mains, the boudin cakes were a hit, and the fish meunière respectable. The haricots were done perfectly for both. For dessert we got the tableside-prepared bananas foster after our first choice of crepes Suzette was unfortunately unavailable. Tasty. But would have preferred crepes. 
The service was good, and the Jazz trio was very entertaining, coming to each table, taking requests and engaging in friendly banter. As it was Mardi Gras season we could see processions going by the window as we dined, making Arnaud's a uniquely NOLA experience ...so 5 stars!Celebrated our 50th anniversary at Arnaud's with our cousin and his wife who were celebrating their 57th anniversary. Couldn't think of a more elegant restaurant to remember our honeymoon in New Orleans 50 years ago. The service was impeccable. We all shared the Shrimp Arnaud, the Crabmeat Prentiss & the Oysters Rockefeller. My favorite was the Shrimp Arnaud but they were all wonderful as were the entrees and desserts! A very memorable evening!Even eating here in the middle of Mardi Gras was a treat. Great food, good service and we liked the busy atmosphere. cocktails were just ok but everything else was absolutely wonderful. will definitely be back!Okay, so it's a little touristy, but I have to say the staff made sure we were having a great time, the trio in the music room was fantastic and a real bargain at four bucks. The food was at least as expected and then some. This jaded New Yorker will be back! A little pricey, but walk in knowing it and you'll have a great time.Thus far, my favorite restaurant in the French Quarter! We had a sensational experience at Arnaud's. It was a Saturday night and, by the time we crossed the hellish Bourbon Street at 8.30pm, we were in much need of a potent drink and a good meal. It was not disappointing in the least, as other reviews indicate. 
Absolutely recommended: Oyster Arnaud's (a sampling of their various baked oyster appetizers) and the Filet Mignon au Poivre (extra rare)! Other tasty choices: alligator sausage as an appetizer and the Mitchell-style drum as an entree. The service was phenomenal, helpful, and engaging, and the decor and general atmosphere was sublimely 1920's grandeur. I was truly sad to leave...two merry hours later!
Reservation recommended. Dress code: dressy. Expect a $150+ dinner for two pre-tip (at least) -- cocktail, wine bottle, two appetizers, two entrees, one dessert.Our visit to Arnaud's resulted in an entertaining night of Ragtime Jazz and exquisite dining. 
As you enter this beautiful dining room you step back to a New Orleans of many years ago - so far and distant from the current activity of nearby Burbon Street. The atmosphere is electric and joyous - everyone is having a grand time. The courteous and active Matre'd will make you laugh and smile while offering dining selections  that truly work. Based on tonight's experience southern hospitality rules here.  
For starters we shared "Shrimp Arnaud". Listed as a signature dish the shrimp arrived marinated in a creole remoulade sauce. This selection while enjoyed was overpowered by the Oysters on the Half Shell appetizer. With both strong (mignonette) and light cocktail sauce these fresh Louisiana oysters were to die for. 
For our main courses we selected the "Crawfish O'Connor". Crawfish smothered in a creole tomato based sauce accompanied with jasmine rice - another fine introduction to NOLA cuisine. Better still was the "Pompano Duarte" - Sautéed fillet with shrimp, tomatoes, seasoned with garlic, fresh herbs and crushed chili peppers the flavors worked perfectly together.
For dessert we shared a moist refreshing Pecan Pie a la Mode.
Of Note -  On this busy Friday night we arrived without a reservation however the staff found us a wonderful table for two with a fine view of the house jazz band.
My thanks to Arnaud'sJust amazing food and service. The pasta was done well. The oysters bienville were very different from anything I had had before, so that was nice. Bananas foster for dessert were in a good balance of sauce. Classic restaurant, would come backWe had a party of six and our reservation was for 8:15 p.m. on New Year's Eve.
We were seated by 9 PM.
Considering that it was New Year's Eve, the waitstaff were able to be quite attentive and informative. 
Although this restaurant is supposedly a legendary Nola institution, the caliber of food was not impressive.
The sauce on the steak au poivre was not flavorful.
My shrimp bisque was very salty. The fried oysters with my steak were basically deep-fried salt licks.
Yes, the atmosphere was very loud, but it was New Year's Eve. The Decor was gorgeous, though.
The real trouble began when we had asked for our checks. When we were seated, we explained that we would need four checks for our party of six. We were assured that this would not be a problem. We waited 35 minutes after we'd asked for our checks. We were told that the computer system kept crashing.
I used to wait tables and all this is, is a matter of math with a calculator. 
At one point I looked at my dining companions and said "we are being held hostage by Arnaud's". 
We planned on watching fireworks at midnight, we were still at Arnaud's at midnight.
My one companion complained to the manager, and all she got was an argument. No apologies, no offering of consolatory champagne. Just a debate.
In a city with many fine dining options, Arnaud's is off my list.
My friend who had made the reservation was so disappointed. She had wanted to provide us with a legendary New Orleans dining experience, but this was an epic failure.The jazz brunch at Arnaud's was our favorite "upscale" meal of our NOLA trip. Four courses while being entertained with live music. The smoked pork tenderloin robichaux with truffled mashed potatoes was a standout dish. I really liked my red bean omelet as well. The only thing I couldn't recommend is the crêpe suzette - bitter and presented sloppily.Wasn't impresed with this place. The service was really nice but the food was below average, especially for the pricepoint we were paying. I had heard good things but would not recommend this place to someone.Worst service I have ever experienced. We waited 20 min to place a drink order.   $150 later we felt like they were doing us a favor by being there.  Recommend you try the restaurant called Revolution instead the service was fantastic and food was superb.  Arnauds bistro doesn't even deserve one starHad a very good meal at Arnaud's in late-February, during my first visit to this restaurant.  The decor is classic and timeless, but the main dining room gets quite noisy as the restaurant fills-up with diners....the vintage tile floor is not the best for acoustics!  Since the restaurant is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year, I decided to try some classic items on the menu.  I started off with a Sazerac cocktail, which was a bit too strong for me, so I didn't finish it....I'm not usually a whiskey/bourbon drinker.  For a starter I had Turtle Soup, followed by the main entree: Trout Amandine, with a side of Souffle Potatoes....all were excellent! Dessert was Lemon Ice Glace.  Service was very good, if a bit on the more formal side.  This is a restaurant that ranks up there with Antoine's!Definitely underwhelmed by this, arguably the most famous of New Orleans restaurants. The food was alright, but not worth the premium price tag. Furthermore, the tines on my fork were bent. Since Katrina, so many good new restaurants have opened up in this city. Unfortunately, Arnaud's appears to be resting on their laurels in an industry that demands that they work as hard as ever.Arnaud's is a must visit I Nawlins. Try for the Sunday brunch where you will be treated to old time (literally) jazz. Our band featured a lovely gent n 80's singing with joy in his heart and fistful of tips.
The food, while not at the height of N.O.'s cutting culinary scene, it is sturdy, traditional an VERY good. This i a place for ladies and gentlemen to savor the heritage of the French quarter and savor the dishes that have drawn crowds for 150 years.
TIP: Try to reserve a room n the old chandelier room at the front.Love his place! Whenever me and my boyfriend want to have a really nice dinner we go here. It is also a great place for Easter brunch! Fantastic food and fantastic service. Good drinks! I always get the Pimms cup! When you go to Arnaud's you need to get New Orleans food/ seafood because it's what they do best. And you need to be ready to spend a pretty penny. JUST GO!First restaurant we went to in New Orleans and I am so happy we did. The best meal I've had! The bread they serve is like crack, you can't stop eating it, seriously! 
I ordered the special which was a soft shell crab smothered in crawfish etoufee and my boyfriend had the fish. Both were excellent! Also recommend the Oyster's Arnauds and Crabmeat Prentiss as appetizers!
Highly recommend!Great evening! We went to Arnauds for our big dinner out in New Orleans.  Loved everything, except the shrimp arnaud.  It is their famous dish, so we had to try it for our appetizer, but we just did not like the flavor of the sauce.  
We got the veal wohl, which was a great dish.  It came with small portions of three of their dishes- a veal one with mushroom sauce, crawfish stew, and crab cakes.  The crawfish was my favorite, but all were amazing and the variety was great.  
Dessert was good.  We split the chocolate cake and the praline crepes.  The chocolate was amazingly decadent and delicious.  Crepes had a good praline cream cheese filling, but the actual crepes were a bit disappointing.  They seemed like they were pre-made earlier and were a bit dry.  
We are in the jazz room, which I would recommend to everyone.  The restaurant has two dining rooms and you can choose which one to sit in when you make your reservation.  The jazz room has a small music fee, but it is totally worth it.  The musicians were amazing and entertaining during the whole meal.  At one point they went on "tour" of the dining room, asking the patrons for recommendations and then serenading the tables with their music.  This personal touch really made the night!You pay for the experience. Food was good, but not delicious. Wait staff was nice, but very casual. Not what I'd expect in a supposedly casual restaurant. 
Men don't need to worry with a jacket. Most didn't have one. 
$150 before tip. Very pricey for the quality of food.There's very few restaurants where the experience and ambiance pair with the food so naturally. Arnaud's is a true living NOLA tradition. Try to book a table in the Jazz Bistro - the charm of the Cajun band that roams the room makes the drunk tourists on the street outside disappear. Alligator sausage is not to be missed!This poor review is based solely on our server 106 team 6. The restaurant is beautiful. The food enticing. The drinks elegant.
Discover is an accepted form of payment. 
I made dinner reservations for 7pm to celebrate our 20 year anniversary. When making the reservation I was asked if we wanted to be seated in the part of the restaurant that provides live music. Of course I said yes. The price for the option was $4 per person (music charge). Quite reasonable in my opinion.
After being seated, we were given a specialty drink menu to peruse. I ordered the French 75 for $13.95 and my wife ordered a Mai Tai for $9.25.
While browsing the dinner menu, we were brought a complimentary warm crusty loaf of French bread. The French bread was whole, not sliced so we had to pull pieces from the loaf, which caused crumbs to fall onto the tablecloth no matter how hard I tried to keep the crumbs in the bread basket. Not a big deal to me.
As server 106 asked for our dinner order, we stated that we would be sharing our meal. This clearly horrified server 106. My wife and I share all the time and shouldn't be made to feel as if sharing is an inappropriate choice.
For starters, we ordered the Alligator Sausage for $8.95: served with smoked onion and apple relish and Arnaud's own Creole Mustard. By far the best alligator that we sampled during our visit to NOLA. 
As server 106 cleared our finished plate from the table, he advised me that I used the wrong fork. Really? If I had indeed used the wrong fork (I used the small fork - outside to inside), this mistake should not have been brought to my attention. Perhaps you can work on your table side manners server 106.
Our second dish choice was a bowl of Chicken and Andouille Gumbo for $8.75. Served with two spoons per my request since we were sharing. This Gumbo was served without rice and was rich and hearty in flavor. Fabulous. 
Since server 106 was constantly lurking about, he startled me just as I was placing a spoonful of Gumbo in my mouth which resulted in food falling from my mouth. Perhaps you can work on your timing server 106.
At this point is time it was 7:30pm and the band had stopped playing at 7:15pm. When I asked server 106 about this, he stated that they started at 6:30pm and were on break and played until 10:30pm. We ended up leaving at 8:00pm and paid $8 for 15 minutes of live music. The band never came back on while we were dining. 
For our main course we shared the Breast of Chicken Pontalba for $27.95: sautéed chicken breast with Marchand de Vin and Béarnaise Sauces. Served with Brabant potatoes. Simply devine.
As server 106 cleared our table for the evening, he exaggerated the clearing of the bread crumbs from the tabletop. Perhaps offer the loaf with partial slices to help reduce crumbs if it's such a big deal.
My wife knew I was upset and disgusted with server 106 so she attempted to engage server 106 in conversation. When he asked us where we were from we stated "Seattle, WA". He said "everybody says they're from Seattle but they never really are. Are you really from Seattle?" Us "Actually we're from Everett WA but it's easier to say Seattle WA since everyone in NOLA thinks DC when Washington is stated." Server 106 "I used to live in Seattle and Kirkland before coming to NOLA." Us "What brought you to NOLA?" Server 106 "My Volvo."
I simply couldn't take anymore dialogue or service from this pompous waiter. Rather than purchase additional drinks and enjoy the restaurant and entertainment I requested that we leave.
Server 106, Seattle boasts just as classy restaurants as Arnaud's. The only character flaws our classy Seattle restaurants lack are pretentious wait-staff like you.So disappointed with this place. Made a reservation over 3 weeks ago. Website clearly states what the dress code is for men, but nothing specific for women. So we get to the restaurant and I'm in business shorts (cause it's hot) and a nice top. They refused to honor our reservations, but offered to seat us in the other room, for an additional charge. The other room isn't the main dining area. Makes no sense, as we were clearly ready to spend money there. So wrong of them. Would they have rather I show up in a dress that showed too much skin? What does that say about the place? Took our business to Antoine's. So worth the trouble. Very nice staff very historic and great food.I don't believe I ever actually had seafood before eating here, though I should qualify that I live in illinois so the bar was set pretty low.  Regardless, the food was amazing, the service was absolutely incredible.  Rashaan(sp?)recognized us as tourists and asked if we would like the" new orleans experience" and ordered for us.  He was an excellent server and all of the wait staff was entertaining and gracious.  All around it was a fun and tasty dining experience well worth the stop.Worst service. Waiter way overworked. Food was awful. Canceled our entree and hated the oysters. Would never recommendObviously when you go to the only restaurant in the world with your name on it, your judgement may be teinted by the excitement and fun factor of the place. That being said, this is for sure a top restaurant option in NOLA.
Place is large enough, great decor and we were seated in 5min. While the food is cajun oriented, they have also a strong fish/seafood influence which I recommend to go for. After all, you don't go to New Orleans to eat a rib eye... I couldn't pass on their oyster platter (named Arnaud I think) which is 6 oyster placed in the oven with 6 different toppings all very good. Then I had the pompano fish which surprisingly I have never tried before. This white fish was perfectly cooked with a light tomato based sauce that you can order with a little spicy kick. What a great "sea" experience! I even has a chance to taste few bites of the crawfish etouffe which I highly recommend. The sauce of the etouffe is so amazing that you will need more bread to empty properly your plate.
The place is a bit pricey but I think it goes with the quality of food and ambiance. I would just recommend the management team if they see this to get a bit more skilled and trained staffed as well as to provide some drink options beyond just "we have a full bar and wine menu".
My conclusion would be: you can't be disappointed by ARNAUD!Please be aware of the extra money for either a cover, or the band, or entertainment in general. No one knows the real policy but there is one
Do not go here.  I do not have any thing good to say about this place.  The bacon wrapped quail is brown glop on a plate with gravy and inside it was supposed to be foie but it was ground overcooked...something. Haggis maybe? Totally old fashioned, boring, goofy paper menu, the place is just awful. And give me a BREAK with the doilies! Horrible.Had dinner here last night for the first time. The food was excellent and the service was great. I had crab cakes... Very good flavor and cooked just right. I'll definitely go back the next time I'm in New Orleans.I think I am in the right spot here.  We ate at Arnaud's Jazz Bistro.  I was outin New Orleans for a conference recently and we had a birthday dinner for one of our employees here.  This place is dripping with New Orleans style, ambiance, music and charm.  
I was sold on the filet mignon that our server said was served with a butter knife, i.e. if you cannot cut the steak with a butter knife, they will take it back and bring you a new one.  He was not kidding.  This is arguably the best filet I have ever had.  Tender does not begin to describe it.
The smoked pompano was the other highlight.  How can we get this out in San Diego?  New Orleans is a seafood town, and I ate everything from oysters to soft shell crab while in town, but the smoked pompano stood out the most.  We had this as an appetizer and it is seared into the ol' memory bank.  It's a must have.Blah.  A place that definitely needs to update its style and menu.  It feels stagnant and old, trapped in the 1950s with a strong sense of faded glory. This is in strong contrast to the Commander's Palace which also harkens back to another era, but still feels fresh and modern.  
The food was pretty uninspired.  The only vegetarian dish was a special "vegetable plate" which was kinda a half-hearted attempt at a ratatouille.  My crawfish dish was pretty good.  The oysters weren't that great.  
The food was kinda heavy-handed and not vibrant.Faded glory. I remember visiting 16 years ago and loving the foie stuffed quail. That dish has changed and a visit now is more of a tip of the hat to the past than an enjoyable experience.Best place I've been to yet. Excellent gumbo, delicious fish, and awesome Creme Brule. Wait staff are the top of the line. Had a wonderful group of musicians who played at our table which added to the experience. This is a must eat and see please in New Orleans. I was impressed with all aspects, service, wait, food, drink and entertainment.If you want to get away from the craziness of Bourbon st. tourists, this high class restaurant has an old south country club feel that might make you feel a little  snootier than you want. 
Collared shirt and business attire is a must! Unless you like feeling out of place and awkward. 
Food is good but not the best around. A bit bland compared to the spices and culinary treats around.Was down in New Orleans for Jazzfest and a Sunday brunch was in order. It's one of those old places the locals know about. Go here - you will not be disappointed. Pre-fixe Sunday brunch with an old timey Jazz trio. Perfect. Mimosas and Bloody Marys to start then oysters and shrimp. Loved the shrimp but the remoulade sauce was poured with a heavy hand - it's great, maybe just on the side next time. I had the fluffy-est cheese omelette this side of the Mississippi. Really good. My friend ordered some seafood crab cake quiche - amazing. The food does not disappoint, AND they give you dessert as well. The bread pudding was solid and the creme brulee was just right. Did I mention the Jazz trio comes around to every table. We spent a lazy 2 hours there and had a fabulous time!This place was superb.  We had oysters six different ways, and Shrimp Arnaud for appetizers.  The bread was fresh and delicious and I had to dip it in everything I could find.  We ate two big loaves of this stuff (which can partially be the reason I could barely move when we left).   I had an assorted green salad with hearts of palm, micro herbs, etc.  Really tasty.  For the entrees, I had Filet of Beef Charlemond (with mushrooms and bernaise) and he had a steak with a soft shell crab.   Both were very good.  And, for dessert, we had the Banana's Foster.  It's probably not the best Bananas Foster I've had, but it was definitely good, and the service was great.  Thanks for a wonderful birthday dinner.   Best fine dining type meal I've ever had in New Orleans to date.  I would come her often if I had a lot of money and lived closer.Food was delicious! Waiters were very professional, knowledgeable, and friendly! Great taste of New Orleans!We had dinner at Arnauds on two occasions. Both evenings were really great however the Jazz Bistro was by far the best overall experience. The menu for the main restaurant and the Bistro are the same. All items we had were excellent from seafood to steaks everything was done the way we wanted it. The big hit were the soufflé potatoes , you need to try them.
The differentiator between the two nights was the service. In the Bistro they were fantastic and obviously the band added to the atmosphere. We will definitely return.
The service in the main restaurant was good but a bit slow and stuffy. Food was great as it came from the same kitchen.Pure perfection. The service is a pampering experience with each detail uniquely appropriate. 
Save room for dessert. Entrees are great. But. Did I mention dessert?Went for the jazz brunch. Great jazz music with the 3 musicians coming by the table, nice singing too. Wonderful food, great ambiance. We had the shrimp arnoud, salad, eggs sardou, and crepe suzette prepared table side - all for $28. Did I mention the 25cent martinis served at brunch? Very nice.Everything was great! Jasper was our waiter and he was really personable and comic. They have a 3 course special for $40 which was fantastic! All of the food was outstanding! The drinks we ordered were great as well. Pretty great spot right on Bourbon St that was away from the craziness.  Would definitely recommend this place. 
Ps the live jazz made it !!!3 New Orleanians, none of whom had ever been there before for some reason.  Went for the Coolinary.  Sat in the Jazz Room.  Music was delightful.  Service was amazing, especially Lynda, who is the wine and beverage expert; she is funny in a deadpan way.  All food was perfect except the fish, which was a tad dry but the sauce helped out.  Crab cakes are super and the beef entree was also great.  Thanks!Nearly a 3 star review. We were in the Jazz Bistro section and had the privilege of paying an extra $4./pp for the music; which really wasn't jazz. Then the musicians worked the room, appearing at almost every table. They played special requests but definitely expected extra tips. 
The food was OK, but not nearly as good as some of their nearby  competition.   Presentation of food was average and served on dinnerware that looked like it came from Old Country Buffet ;-(
The drinks were very pricey, small in size, and very average. We should have stayed across the street at the Royal Sonesta Oyster Bar. 
The waitstaff "hovers". There's always someone refilling your water glass as soon as a sip is taken. Very disruptive to table conversation. They also leave a pitcher of water on the table. Too much intervention for too little value.  They brought new glasses of water at the end of the entree. What a waste of water!!  Isn't there a drought and fresh water scarcity.?
Felt a bit rushed. Group of 4 in/out in less than 1.5 hrs. 
Won't be returning here or recommending this place.I wanted to have a great experience, but at the end it was ok. Not sure if it was because we came late in the evening or something else, but from the service to the food it was not much. Food was old school, smothered in way too rich sauces to the point that I tasted nothing but butter and heavy cream.Great meal but tainted by very cold dining room and amateurish service by Carter. Enjoyed the jazz trio.My husband and I went to Arnaud's for our first anniversary. It was supposed to be a big night for us and one to enjoy together while away from our new baby for a night and Arnaud's ruined it. The staff was so rude. When we got there we were snobbishly told we should have made a reservation and then we're seated in the  half empty dining room. We were basically ignored the entire time, I was looked at like pond scum when I asked for a steak knife and was told no. Same when my husband asked for a bread knife. Our food was mediocre at best especially considering what it cost and I left still starving. I was fighting back tears at the table. And the messed up thing about it is we were only in that area in an attempt to eat at GWFinns but they were booked so we walked across the street. Where I was treated like I should be so lucky to eat in this restaurant with the rude staff, dated menu, and drab food that I had never heard ofspent NYE here, booked a 10:30p reservation and made it just in time. our server let us know the kitchen closes at 10:30 so we had to order quickly, I wish they told us this when confirming the reservation as we would've booked earlier. we also made it in time to hear the lovely live jazz band play a 2-3 songs, we didn't make it in time for them to come to our table for a private serenade. wish we knew this too! as we did have to pay the extra charge for the band and they left 15 minutes after we got there.
overall, the food was good. we had some oysters and crab claws (beware, they are small) to start. for mains, i had the crawfish and the bf had a shrimp creole. both were tasty. we ended with strawberries arnaud, really good! 
the service was solid although, i did feel rushed throughout our meal. you could tell the servers were trying to wrap up the evening as soon as 11p hit. totally understandable but again, i wish we knew. we did stay until midnight, there were about 2-3 other tables still chatting but it was clearly closing time so we left for a proper toast nearby. i would've given 4 stars but feeling rushed and paying a band we didn't get to enjoy, tainted our experience.While on business with a " European Italian" close friend, I wanted to show him New Orleans and New Orleans GREAT Restaurants.
The location  and ambiance of Arnaud's is absolutely outstanding. I loved the modern artwork on the walls and took several pictures for my Facebook friends to see. 
The service "looks" good due the large number of servers present, but we didn't really find that it was that great. I expected excellence but it was JUST ok.
I ordered Pompano. I am not a great fish eater, but the sauce description on the menu enticed me into order the dish. It was recommended by the waiter as being the best Pompano dish on the menu, they had several. I was very disappointed. The parts of the fish that "stuck-out" of the sauce were like BEEF JERKY. I complained in got little to NO RESPONSE from the server.
The bananas foster  GREAT!Christmas Eve dinner was fantastic.  Service was A1 as was the food, simply delicious!  We all were wowed by the table side Banana's Foster and the Brulot!  
After dinner Michael gave us an incredible tour of the Mardi Gras museum upstairs, he was so knowledgeable and so passionate about the family (he had been there for over 30 years).Delicious, authentic French food. The music is wonderful. Superb service. Everything was perfect.FORGET coming here! However, if you relish  tasteless food in a musty old setting, by all means, eat here! I had the Oyster Sampler and could not even find the oysters under all the extra additives. Then again the additions had no taste either, so why bother placing them on top of the oysters? My Crab Karen had very little crab wrapped in the toughest phyllo pastry that I have ever had to naw! My spouse had the Grilled Pompano which he tasted from three different places around the fish before declaring that is was ruined. It seems that the chef grief the fish to a dry sawdust consistency! 
Bottom line. If you want to eat at one of the old staple NOLA restaurants CHOSE ANOTHER!Last night went to Arnauds. First had a seat at bar- no live music- nice atmosphere & good service. Seated in large dining room -
Quintessential old New Orleans atmosphere. Service was good, but cold. Shrimp Arnaud was over sauced, crab cakes ok, pompano with shrimp was good . Puffed potatoes too much salt. Overall a disappointing meal and service. So many choices in NOLA this should not be on your list.We had a large group of ladies for a bachelorette weekend. The staff was dynamite and all of our needs were met. The atmosphere was pleasant and a very good example of old New Orleans style. 
The food was good, but nothing WOWed me. I've been spoiled by the Emeril's restaurants of the city and their creativity in food selections. For example, at those restaurants the entree usually comes with some sort of paired side on the plate that compliments the main feature. Arnaud's a la cart style lacks the opportunity for the chef to pair flavors and experiment. This also makes a presentation of fish with crab meat on a plate quite boring.
One presentation though that never disappoints is the banana's foster. I had it for dessert and the staff did the whole flambe set up which is always a treat. 
I'd come again to sit in the Jazz club if I really needed to hear Jazz  while I dined, but otherwise, I'd try something new with my money.Best dining experience for dinner in a while. Crisp white table cloths and napkins, the elegant simplicity of the China with its thin red like or small red "A" on the rim, jazz in the Jazz Bistro, and a dress code so people are nicely dressed and not in jeans, tee shirts etc. Then we have the food that was excellent. Crabmeat Prentis , jumbo lump crab served hot not in a runny cream sauce but thick and full of flavor with a hint of cayenne to give it just a little kick but not overpower the delicate crab. The Pompano David is a filet of this fantastic fish grilled with a little olive oil and herbs the souffle potatoes crisp and all puffed all accompanied by a too California chardonnay. Finished with creme brulee and good coffee. Lilly was an excellent server she had a large table of about 8-10 people yet none of her other 4 tables suffered from lack of attention we all got great service. They have an extensive menu with crab, shrimp, or oyster appetizers even alligator sausage. Soups such as gumbos, turtle soup, and shrimp bisque, duck, quail, chicken, veal tournedos, filet, and sweetbreads. Wonderful deserts creme brulee, strawberries marinated in port and served with ice cream, bananas foster etc.. Executive Chef Tommy Digiovanni and staff did and do an excellent job, not only a great place for a special occasion but great way to treat yourself nice.Great experience all the way around. Top notch drinks, great appetizers, and the Filet was phenomenal. It's a bit pricey, but you get what you pay for here. Great service and a wonderful experience, we will be back!We had an event here for a convention meeting and it was a really unique space. There was great live music in several rooms , the balconies you could people watch from , super service from all the staff and bartenders .. food was typical Creole dishes and everyone I was with really enjoyed their meals . Finally the Mardi Gras queen museum was very interesting and we learned a lot by touring it.A NOLA Classic...... But, to be perfectly honest, you can get great food all over New Orleans and the service was particularly good, attentive or friendly.A little bit pricy but great place. 
Ambience is very typical for a french quarter restaurant. Good service and excellent food. 
My recommendations
Pompano Duarte fish. Excellent portion size.  The sauce is delicious. Maybe missing some sides.  Bot its not fried which is great
Oysters Bienville a must have. Delicious
Potatoes Brabant an interesting a different way to eat french fries
The shrimp bisque was too salty in my opinon
Right in the hart of french quarter. I f you can you should stop byHave wanted to come here for years.  It was not worth the wait.  The atmosphere is very upscale and the service was amazing.  Our every need was met.  Unfortunately the food was not the same quality.  We had the Shrimp Arnaud (good), Shrimp bisque, fish, veal and chocolate bombe (the best thing we had).   The food was all average or below average compared to other New Orleans places where we can get better food at a better price.Great dinner at Arnaud's again last night. Started with the fantastic Crabmeat Perntis a warm crab in a rich cheese sauce so thick you can spread it on the croutons that come with it. Fir an entree I choose the potato crusted gulf fish that was moist and flaky, it's accompanied by a fantastic Fennel in a Herbsaint butter. For dessert I had the Strawberry Arnaud lite and delicious.  They did Cafe Brulot at a couple of other tables and it was great to see it done correctly.  Chef Tommy Digiovanni and his staff again did a fantastic job and to his credit he has instilled in them pride in their work because even when he's off food is still great.An absolutely fantastic meal. We came here for jazz brunch and each had the four course pre fix menu.
I started with the shrimp appetizer, which was served cold and showcased shrimp coated in a spicy horseradish sauce. 
The salad course was great and featured a dressing made in house which tasted similar to homemade ranch dressing, but better.
For an entree, I had some of the most delicious crab cakes of my life.
The dessert course included a flan which was accidentally delivered to our table, strawberries Arnaud, which were strawberries soaked in liquor and topped with whipped cream and a homemade cookie and a chocolate torte. Everything was above expectations.
With a beautiful antique decor setting, a live jazz band, and impeccable service, it's easy to see why Arnaud's is a staple of New Orleans. Definitely a must stop if you would like to enjoy a nice dinner with outstanding service.One of the best meals our family has ever eaten, hands down. Great staff, BEAUTIFUL restaurant, and awesome food. If you have the opportunity to go during the holidays, GO! The entire grand ballroom is decked out in magnolia garland and wreaths and is truly stunning. The food and drinks were to die for. My sister-in-law and I split the crab cakes and crabmeat Karen (we couldn't decide) and it was a toss up as to which was better. I would say if you're on the fence and aren't hugely hungry, go the crab cakes, they are smaller and lighter. The endive salad was killer and all of the desserts we shared were the perfect cap to the dinner. This is definitely worth a return visit.This is the New Orleans equivalent of a Disney Cruise - not totally objectionable if you know what to expect but have modest expectations. It IS possible to have bad food in New Orleans. If you really, really love banjo music this may be your place. No doubt, it's a great room and the connecting bar is everything the dining room is not, with quality cocktails and professional wait staff.This was our second evenings dinner location. Knowing that all the restaurants would be busy because of the NBA games and Jazz Fest going on the same weekend, we made all of our reservations well in advance. Because I do my do diligence in research before traveling I was aware that this would be the nicest most upscale restaurant we would dine at while in town. The dress code is collared shirt is a must and a jacket preferred. No worries as I was prepared.　
A great plan of attack for this place is to arrive 30 or 45 minutes early and have a couple drinks at their French 75 bar. Beautiful bar with perfect hand crafted cocktails. After that, talk a walk upstairs and see the Mardi Gras museum. There is a ton of history, costumes, name and faces of the whole festival from the beginning.　
Once seated for dinner, the service is prompt and non stop. Every whim, every need was met with a smiling face who is happy to oblige. The meals are served by a staff who knows how to please and are very good at what they do. Very well trained. The food was as delicious and well prepared as one could hope for. For desert, we enjoyed a fabulous table side prepared helping of Bananas Foster.　
Just a fabulous evening anyway you sliced it.We had the prefix dinner and it was well worth the price. The shrimp and grits was incredible! The service was wonderful too!