They serve Grimbergen.
The bathrooms are clean.
The space is really airy.
Friendly service.
We were only in during a slow afternoon and only for the ale.  Nursing mothers will love the overstuffed couch.
Hookas and martinis are available as well as Mediterranean food.I once ordered a gyro from here. It wasn't very good. Three weeks later I ordered a gyro from here again. But i farted on it. It actually tasted better. And they didn't try to scam me when it came time to pay. Oh wait. Just kidding. They totally tried to scam me.It was past midnight when my buds took me to Attiki Bar after showing me the madness of Bourbon street. We ordered the spider monkey hookah which was a nice blend. The hummus was ON POINT! My friend drank the raspberry truffle & enjoyed it. My cran-vodka was pretty nice too. The service was friendly as well.  It wasn't crazy inside unlike bourbon st but that's what I enjoyed abut this place.My boyfriend and I went to this place and walked inside. We asked the male waiter if we could sit outside and he said yes he would be right with us. We waited patiently for 15 minutes as the waiter hung out at the end of the bar chatting with coworkers before we finally decided to leave. I find it ridiculous especially being that I am a local and also work in the service industry. If you are busy I could completely understand but to be doing absolutely nothing while a guest sits and waits for service that they never get, completely unacceptable. If you want to sit hungry and have your time wasted I would suggest attempting to done here.So disappointing. A mainstay on the list of restaurants we frequent in NOLA, Attiki totally let us down last night. We were walk ins, which pretty much everyone is. There was one open table, but the waiter who "greeted" us told us we couldn't sit at. We figured it was because it was set for 6 and we were only 2 people. So we took a seat at the bar to have a drink while we waited until a table opened up, and perhaps consider eating at the bar if things were taking too long.  The bartender totally ignored us after handing us menus. Never came to see what we wanted to drink. She did at one point, stop by to say she'd take an order in a minute. Tick tock tick tock. No go. Then another couple walked in and was seated at the table that we were denied.  At that point, we decided things weren't going to get any better and could perhaps get even worse so we bailed. Bye Attiki. We've crossed you off our list.This has to be one of the best places we have been to in New Orleans! Love everything about it, the people, the drinks, the hookah, and the atmosphere! 
Will definitely be coming back! Ask for Brandon, he is excellent!!Extremely friendly and knowledgable service from our waiter Linden. Great tasting hookah with guava, orange, and mint. The sample platter (especially the kibby) and cheese platter were perfect for four of us to share. Highly recommend.How is it that it's taken me this long to actually go into Attiki? Seems like there have been several times where we linger in front, someone very nice greets us and then we decide to go elsewhere for NO GOOD REASON. What? Why? It makes no sense.
Attiki is loungey where you need it to be, by the bar and back, with tables throughout if you're coming to eat and hookah it up (I don't hookah). They have very nice staff from the person greeting you to the person who brings your drinks and/or food. They have late night food that includes vegan lifesavers like hummus and falafel. They have bubbly by the single serve bottle. And they have gorgeous belly dancers (Don't just IG story them. For god's sake tip them!)
I'm putting Attiki on my FQ rotation. I like it much. The end.Hookah was good but they use insta lite coals though :-/. And you can't blown out the smoke in their hookahs. Really good music (middle eastern, telepop, 90's instrumentals). Food was good also (calamari with the house sauce!). I would explore other hookah bars first. Joelle is awesome though, she'll take care of ya!This was my favorite restaurant experience in NOLA. Great atmosphere, drinks, food, service, decor and view. It was nicely located in the French quarter, kind of hidden but in a good way. The drinks were fairly priced and delicious. The food was AMAZING, a great value for the money. I ordered the red fish entree and it was the best I've ever had. It was HUGE and came with a side which I chose humus- amazing. Served with lots of pita bread! It also came with a huge salad- try their vinaigrette. The venue was open to the streets which was really nice and the ambience was perfect. You could also smoke a hookah which we didn't try because it was $20 but that isn't expensive for 3 hookah flavors. Overall an amazing experience, would defiantly go again! Our waitress was very sweet and knowledgeable about the menu as well as the bar tender who personally came to our table to ask how the drinks were! GREAT PLACE!!I like this place, I don't loooove it. It's in the quarter, so if you are willing to brave the traffic and people and cluster of everything to dine here, this review isn't to stop you. My fiance and I went in after being referred here by some friends, it was the perfect place to stop off and grab a bite (the Steak Fries are great) and puff on some hookah. For dinner, we all ordered different things. The atmosphere is perfect for a hookah bar & cafe in the french quarter. The service was okay. PRO TIP: go after normal lunch time and right before dinner - you'll get to enjoy a little quiet.Aesthetic was nice, food was good, didn't like the paper on the tables, that's about it!Nice spot. Sometimes its crowded and sometimes you luck up and find a few great window seats. I come mostly for the hookah and a simple glass of wine. I once ordered a mixed drink and wasn't too happy, so I stick with what I knowI like the different flavors of hookah they offer.  The bartender I always get is pretty good with mixing things.  I ordered a salad the last time I went....if you're on a diet... this is not the healthiest salad so you might as well get an actual plate.  Delicious regardless just extremely covered in dressing...not a diet salad.  The mixed drinks are good also.  Fairly decent prices. The salad was like $9 but was a huge entree plate. I've always been during the week so it's very quiet and relaxing.  Buddha bar type music playing.  Great ambiance.I understand the no outside drink policy but they kept us waiting for no reason just to get the manager's approval for letting us sit outside and keep one drink (a party of 5)... bad service, don't care about customers.I will preface this with I have quite a bit of experience with hookah bars and Mediterranean food. :) 
Here are the pros:
Very nicely prepared hookah, replaced coals frequently and the gentleman who helped us was quite knowledgeable. This makes a difference if you don't want harsh or burned tobacco.
Reasonable selection of food
Great music
Great location
Not super busy
The cons:
I have certainly had better Mediterranean food or Middle Eastern food. The meat dishes are OK and the yogurts are good but everything else was a bit blah. 
The waiter forgot about our drinks many times. Drinks, silverware etc.
Poor selection of alcohol and they kept running out
I would go back for the hookah and to hang with friends.My biggest problem with NOLA was lack of drinkable coffee. I would have gladly paid twenty bucks for a cup of decent coffee. Attiki had excellent Turkish coffee. Beer selection was a bit limited, but food was good. Pleasant decor and quick service were a plus.Caliana's terrible/lazy service is the reason for this review. She was rude from the moment we walked in. Greeted us about 10 minutes after sitting. Brought my drinks about 10-15 minutes after ordering every time and the second time slammed my drink down and apologized for the wait as if I was at fault. When she went to change the coals on our hooka she dropped one and got coal embers all over me. And when other servers came over to ask if I was okay she said "oh she's fine." The worst part is she got auto gratuity on our visit, which is probably the reason for the awful service. Will not be back and do not recommend.The place had a good vibe. Will the bartender was great!  The hookah is amazing! Overall good experience.We arrived in New Orleans at 8:30 pm the night before Jazz Fest and were famished by the time we started walking toward the French Quarter after checking into the hotel. We stopped at one of the places fairly close to the Warehouse District end of the French Quarter, a Mediterranean bar and grill called Attiki. The host said he and his sister, who works the kitchen creating everything from scratch, run the place, and said we had to try it. 
Although I like Mediterranean food, it wasn't exactly what we were looking for in New Orleans, but definitely ended up being a good experience. There was a blues guitarist performing in the smallish bar/restaurant, and a very friendly bartender/waitress got us some tasty special drinks. We ordered a falafel sandwich, a chicken shawarma and a side of taboulleh, and everything was very fresh and fantastic! 
Based on the time it took for our food, we figured the sister was actually preparing everything from scratch, but definitely worth the wait. Most likely, we were the first people to order food for a while, as it was already 10:30 pm, so we quickly forgave the delay and devoured our delicious meals.Not my fave for Greek/ Mediterranean. But, in NOLA Beggers can't be choosers when looking for non buttered non fried food. Greek salad was ok (add honey or sugar to the dressing to take the acid level down).These people know hookah!! I'm visiting from ohio, and I go to ALOT of hookah bars around the country and this is one of the best! They last long and taste great!! They're very very knowledgeable! It might take a few minutes to get your hookah out because they are in back making it perfect for you! They won't serve it if they won't smoke it! Our waitress spent time actually talking to us, no little chit chat, real conversations! They know how to make you feel comfortable ! We got an appetizer Tomato Buffalo (sp) it was to die for!! They get busier as the night goes on but they try very hard to be attentive you and your parties needs! They have a belly dancer on Friday and Saturday nights and offer a free henna tattoo with a purchase of $10 or more (food or beverages) every third Thursday of the month! If you're in town looking for good food, good drinks, great hookah, and great service, this is the place for you to go!Worst ever hookah ... don't come here for a good hookah ... especially if u r used to good places ...Our waitress overall was attentive and helpful however for the restaurant and management itself would get  zero stars if possible. It's not hard to give valuable customer service (especially if it's a slow night) and after working in the restaurant industry I can personally say my family and I will never be back.I've been here a couple of times, but, after my last visit, I'm grading them down on the basis of their Bloody Mary.  I came for the Bloody Mary I remembered, but got something different.  
I have come to New Orleans and always been able to purchase a $5.00, big Bloody Mary with a great garnish.  Not this time.  I ordered the drink I remembered, but it cost more, was half the size, and had no garnish at all!  That's right!  No garnish at all!  How can you serve a Bloody Mary with no garnish?  None of the olives, limes, lemons, celery, pickled string beans, or pickled okra I remembered.  
Fortunately, the falafel is still good, and the hot sauce is the best in the Quarter, but, darn, that drink was a total let down.  I am so sad...So it's a Hookah bar with drinks and food. A couple in our party likes to Hookah so we stopped here, wanted to sit outside and the 4 of us who don't Hookah were going to order drinks and maybe food. The Hookah guys ordered their Hookah and then the waiter told us that his manager was going to make him charge the additional people the additional pipe fee per person, because we wanted to sit at the table with the hookah. Basically they wanted us to pay for the Hookah even though we're weren't going to partake in it because our business in drinks and food wasn't good enough for them. So our Hookah guys finished while we stood at the corner and waited on them and we took our $400 dinner business somewhere else.Decent place. Not amazing. Not bad. We had a poor experience though. We wanted food so I motioned for her at the same time another table did and told her to take care of them first (at this point we had only been there for maybe 15 minutes but were thinking about ordering some food). She never came over to us after. We thought maybe she forgot so I got her attention again, she brought us a menu and we asked if they could help us with the coals because we weren't experts with it (I understand a lot of people do this part themselves but it's also something they should swing by and check in on and take care of if need be) she said that someone would come by to help us. She never came by to get a food order and no one ever came back to check on the hookah. We realized soon after that she was simply ignoring and avoiding us and had other things she thought were more important. 
The hookah lasted for about 15 minutes but then started to make us cough as soon as we pulled in smoke.
Seems like this place is a decent spot to try but can be hit or miss depending on the time you go and the wait staffMade a reservation sat at our table for 40 minutes unsure of who out sever was. No one came to even give us a menu. That sound hard considering it's a tiny place. The belly dancer lazily shook around for tips to be tucked into her costume. extremely disappointed.My husband and I came here for a date night (kind of a big deal when you have a toddler), and we had an absolutely phenomenal experience. When we entered, the place was PACKED. Eric at the host stand let us know that there would be a wait. We weren't in any rush, which was nice. He was able to actually seat us quickly, and then personally took care of us. We were truly grateful for his kindness, and it only got better from there. We absolutely loved the food (beef schwarma and beef kabobs), and it was our first time trying hookah. Eric was so patient with us, and helped explain the process, and we had an absolutely phenomenal experience. We also met Shawn (Sean?), who was really nice and kind...doing a great job taking care of guests, and I also noticed that Junior was doing an amazing job keeping such a busy place clean (he also found someone's cell phone that they didn't realize they dropped on the floor). This was my second time at Attiki and my husband's first, and we'll definitely be back. I'd recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good food, a fun time, and a great customer service experience.If you love hookahs and Mediterranean food, you must visit this place. I am a huge hookah smoker and their hookahs were super smooth. I loved it. Food was delicious and full of flavors. We ordered their family samplers, which was $26 per person. Hummus and pita bread was delicious. They give you warm pita breads, and that's my favorite part about Mediterranean food. Chicken was also flavorful and cooked to perfection. Drinks were amazing as well. I will be coming back to this place if I ever visit New Orleans again.The best!  The food is authentic.  The hookah is perfect, not a cheap smoke  for tourists ( even though we are visitors) but MYA hookahs and quality tobacco.  The service is great- with hospitable staff and a great atmosphere.  Diana and Gaby make you feel  like an guest in their home.  Thank you for your hospitality and kindness!  Hope to visit again soon!  Thanks again!  Teresa and Jorge...horrible hummus + friendly staff = not going again
So we came here on a whim because we wanted a place that could serve two vegetarians and two meat eaters.  It was freezing and they wouldn't close the door even though we asked.  The hummus we ordered for the table was just bad.  There are usually levels of hummus from ok to great and this was just bad.  
I got the veggie wrap with wasn't bad but it wasn't great either.  My friends were not thrilled with their food either especially the falafel.  The waiter was really nice but he wouldn't entice me to go back again.  
Skip itWe had falafel, beef kebob and gyros wraps. Also the grilled tuna salad, Haloumi and foul. Everything was great. The service was wonderful. And the $6 glass of Segura Vidas bubbly was perfect. Nice calm music, too.  Oh, though no outside seating, the front is open allowing for the breeze.this restaurant was fantastic. had such a good time. the server Josh did great.
we will likely become regularsThe rose is a terrible flavor here. 
The lemon was delicious.
Great place to wind down after a night out! :)Stopped in on a quiet/slow night. Service, ambience and food were all good. I had beef kabobs with vegetables and a side Greek salad w no cheese. The vegetables were the highlight but the meat was good too. I wouldn't rush to go back but it was a decent meal for a good price (less than $20).I highly recommend going here if you're looking for a hookah bar in town.  Was here on vacation with my fiance for a few days and came Here twice.  The hookah was Great And the staff was just as good.  Moe was our server he was very attentive and always checking our coals and making sure things were okay, he's the reason we had to make a second trip there.Located right across from the House of Blues. Real nice restaurant with AMAZING food. Reasonably priced. Waiter/bartender was great and I highly recommend going to this place. The tabouleh is on point!Great hangout. Lots of locals. Good place for tourists to chill and people watch. The watermelon-mint was our personal favorite!Ordered the mazze appetizer and combination platter entree. Delicious! The shish was great, excellent mashed potatoes, wonderful hummus, buffala, etc. More than enough for two people to eat. Really friendly service as well.We love this place!  Great food and awesome service.  This is the best place for for Peruvian dishes wine and hookah.Horrible Service and Ridiculous Policies, Ive been to some of the most elegant restaurants Los Angeles has to offer! I have never heard I could not be seated until everyone in my party arrived!!! Also when the restaurant was pretty darn empty... So seat me somewhere and when my party arrives reseat me again??? And that's their policy???!!! Ridiculous!!! Two of us made it first and were dealt that hand, so we left!!!! And your establishment just missed out on a party of 7 for dinner and drinks!!!! Dummies!!! I had to make sure I let my true "YELPERS" know about this place!!!Favorite place for me and hubby to go for hookah. Usually have good service and drinks. Laid back atmosphere and Food is tasty.Found this place near out hotel while we were in town for the Running of the Bulls. I cannot rate Attiki from the hooka side since we only ate the food. My girlfriend and I had the Fetta and fried cheese for appetizers. I ended up going back the next day and had the Fetta for a light lunch - it was that good. I also had the chicken shawarma wrap - it was pretty good. I would eat it again, but I cannot say it was the best that I've had. So I give the food 4-4.5 stars
The service I would only rate a 3 or 3.5 at best. Service staff does not seemed as concerned with customers eating as much as they are concerned with the hooka smokers or smoking hooka themselves. Most of the night the three of them stood at the back corner of the bar smoking their own hooka while we needed refils, etc. The first night the server forgot to place my entree order and when I got my meal it was lamb instead of chicken. I was a bit annoyed but still went back to give them another shot. Again, the staff is barely on par, but the food is worth it.Horrible place. Do not go here. Service is horrible. After waiting for 40 minutes for at least a menu we got out and left.I was wandering down the street looking for something that wasn't too heavy or too fried for a late lunch. The menu looked good and the atmosphere was cool, so why not. 
Unfortunately, the only person working was the bartender, who was a bit too busy. He was a rad guy and had great music playing, but I'm used to more prompt service, so I was a bit disappointed. Not his fault though. 
The food was good, but nothing to write home about. I had hummus, grape leaf rolls, and a cup of lentil soup. The only thing remarkable was that the lentil soup was blended, which I haven't experienced before. Maybe I'm getting spoiled with all the house-made pita and flathead in Dallas, but either way I was a little disappointed at having store-bought pita.
Overall, it was inexpensive, tasty enough, and friendly. Would eat there again if I was walking by, but wouldn't make it a destination.When I lived in New Orleans, I probably came here about once a month. 1. For the hookah. 2. For the food. 3. Atmosphere. My friends really enjoy hookah so we decided to check it out and we were pleased with our first experience so we kept coming back. They have a good variety of flavors for hookah and you can mix and match to make your own combo. I personally like to mix raspberry and mint. The other good thing about this place is that it has large floor to ceiling window/doors on the front that were open every time I went so the place didn't get packed with smoke.  
It's a pretty laid back place so if you are stopping in because you are in a rush, plan on waiting a little. It's pretty good food but,I wouldn't say it's the  best Mediterranean in NOLA but its serves its purpose. Usually I get the falafel app to start and the lebneh (which is actually REALLY good here) shared the kabob with another person, and the chicken was well seasoned and grilled perfectly, not dry at all. Soft shell crab dinner was good and also the gyro was made well. They have a full bar, my wine glass was always pretty full when it was served to me. Had a couple of their special martinis once and they tasted pretty good. 
Definitely come here for the hookah if that's what you are into. The food and drink are a plus if you want to make a night out of it.I honestly really liked this place.... It's not as big inside but I enjoyed the food as well as the hookah... Service was super slow as we went on a Saturday night at about 830 and left about 1130 and there was one guy waiter... Shortly after another guy came in and the hostess began to help bc they were getting really busy and a line was developing outside. All in all, the one waiter kept his cool even though it took him a while to get to is but he was apologetic and extremely friendly. Good hangout spot... Kind of remixed me of the old hookah spot on Frenchmen minus the good music. Will definitely visit again.... Oh & if less than 5 people gratuity is still included... I had maybe 4 Beautifuls and that was a $16 drink, no biggie bc as always they are good! Have fun if u go!We ran across this in the middle of French Quarter. Great food and service! We ordered the falafel appetizer and chicken shawarma, both were excellent! The lentil soup was my personal fave for veggies. Our server Valerie was super sweet and accommodating. Not sure why the reviews are mixed but we loved it here!Great place. I love to go with my boyfriend or friends for a chilled night out. Raspberry strawberry mix Hookah, expresso martini, their delicious hummus and cheap but filling chicken shwarma are my classic choices when visiting Attiki. I love that this place is right across from the HOB so i can grab a quick cheap bite and strong drinks before or after the show. Great place to stop by after a long stroll around the quarter shopping too!This place is amazing. I ordered the chicken shawarma which came with two sides, I chose hummus and steamed vegetables. The whole meal was fantastic. My friend ordered the salmon and said it was the best salmon she'd had in a very long time. They have a nice selection of beers on tap. Highly recommend!!!i would agree with andrea b. on this one.  despite mixed reviews, i've had better greek food.
let's start with the ambience: basically, it's a dark bar in the french quarter that happens to offer hookah pipes and greek food.  when we first walked by, i wasn't even sure if this was a greek restaurant.
the service: our waiter was attentive but very SLOW despite the fact that it wasn't that busy.  he also wasn't that friendly.
the food: we started with calamari.  it was OK, but it came with mozzarella cheese on top.  is this a new orleans thing?  we also had some gyros and shawarma; just average.
if you are looking for greek food in the french quarter, this is the place since i don't believe there are any other options.We stopped in for drinks and a snack. What a delightful place!!! Food was great and Conrad made some awesome drinks. He provided great info about New Orleans in addition to the libations. 
We will go back.Good but too expensive, of course the location is what probably made it so expensive.  It was nice.  The staff were not too friendly.Everyone looked like they were having fun at this bar... hookah at your table? You can have it! Food while Hookah, that's available... check it out.Im writing with five stars because we smoked hookah alone. It was really smooth and enjoyable! My boyfriend and i came in after having dinner at Acme oyster house (amazing) knowing that we just wanted to smoke at a hookah bar. If you're going in for that reason then 10 out of 10! Cant report on the food though. We had such a nice time!Great service!!
Awesome hookha!!!
Delicious food!!!
You combine all that with reasonable prices you get a place i would go all the time.Very good spot & not outrageously priced for where they are. Good flavor selection & music is just right noise level. Staff was helpful & made a good bowl. 
They have outside seating as well. Perfect for people watching given the location. Also was a perfect evening to sit outside.This is the best hookah I've ever had! G was the server and she was soooo friendly and sweet. She actually let us know the difference between the two hookah choices (dragon hookah burns longer). She was very attentive and made sure we had the best experience possible. We mixed ours with 4 different flavors; strawberry, kiwi, pineapple and honey. It was amazing. I could have puffed on that all night! It wasn't very busy when I went but the longer we sat the more other customers had arrived. It wasn't far from our hotel so we were able to relax and not worry about getting too lost. If I ever come back to New Orleans I'll stop by again.Attiki is a great find in the New Orleans French Quarter. It's close enough to all of the action that it's an easy walk, but it far enough off the main Bourbon Street area that the drunken herds won't be likely to wander in.
We happened to stop in around 4pm, so we basically had the place to ourselves.
The greek food was excellent! Loved the shawarma & gyro. Both were quite good. Definitely a gem!If I could give no stars I would. The waitress was sweet, but slow. She never offered to refill our wine. The hummus was delicious. The rice was plain. The beef was tough enough to last the winter on the feet of a Appalachian mountain climber. What really made this a bad experience was the owner. When I was asked how my food was I was honest, and he acted pissed off! No one removed my unwanted leather, and I wasn't offered anything more. They took the beef off our bill, but given the option I would've paid and had chicken instead.I love this place they have good service, good food and good hookah. But the music is literally the worst. They play the oldest and corniest dance music around, it ruins the vibe every time. Britney Spears, Lady Gaga and Carly Rae Jepsen, Demi Lovato and Miley Cyrus, if you're into that then come here.We stopped by a little past noon to find the place still locked up and dark. As we were leaving, a bearded little red-haired fellow came out and informed us that they weren't open yet because "his" kitchen staff decided not to show up. I told him it was no problem, and that we were just looking to enjoy a hookah and maybe a drink, but he blew us off and rushed down the street. 
We walked around for an hour or so & came back to find the same irritable little ginger unlocking and opening the outside doors. When I asked if they were open now, he said that his staff had "finally" showed up but they still weren't ready. When I asked if he had any idea when, he just said "nope" without looking up and went back inside. 
Now, I'm not expecting 5-star service in the French Quarter the morning after Halloween, but if a potential customer expecting you to be open during your posted business hours is such an annoyance, maybe you should find a new job, perhaps as a Leprechaun street performer where you can set your own hours and not have to rely on a lazy staff who doesn't show up in the morning.Very solid establishment. Consistently good food, service, drinks and hookah. The ambience is nice - my only qualm is the music. Wish they would play some RnB/Hip Hop/Top 40. I've been twice; one night on a Thursday and once on a Saturday. Both nights had different music. One night was Mediterranean vibes and the other was an interesting mix of something like Top 40 Mediterranean? Idk. Again, I enjoy this spot but better music would make me more of a regular.  After all, I did brave the FQ to come .Recently tried Attiki for the first time recently with some friends who were in from out-of-town.  It was late, and we were hungry, and had heard good things about the place.  Boy, were we disappointed!
The food was alright, if overpriced.  If you want good Mediterranean food, try Mona's or Lebanon's Cafe, not Attiki.  The atmosphere was just awful.  There were unpainted patches in the drywall.  The music was so loud (and terrible) that we might has well have been eating at a daquiri shop on Bourbon Street.  Even shouting it was hard to hear one another. When we complained to the staff, and then the owner, we were told that the other patrons had requested the volume be turned up, even though everyone else in the establishment looked equally miserable.
The only reason I am giving two, rather than one star, is that the staff was friendly (if harried), and the food was o.k.  I will not, however, return to Attiki, nor would I EVER recommend it to anyone else.Location and decor was nice, went in on a Wednesday night and it was pretty quiet. Drinks were decent, the hookah was stronger than what I am used to but it was pretty good.Awesome laid back spot with great food, legit hookahs, and friendly device. We had  the calamari, hummus, an some of the best gyros I've had in a while. They cut the meat perfectly thin, which is hard to find. We had the spider monkey flavored hookah and it was outstanding. Topped it off with some tea and we were set. Great prices too.Loved my  bartender Joelle the food was good and our drinks were strong. We had hookah that was pretty tasty. There was one belly dancer and she was pretty good. I thoroughly enjoyed my experienceGood food , good service ! 
But we were there for my sisters birthday & forgot her gifts under the table . We went back to get them & a few gifts were missing out of the bags . when we questioned the staff they went in the back & found that the workers who found them had stolen out of the bag and had tge gifts in the back. They still didn't give us all that was in the bags though! How wrong is that ?? We had a party of 9 people & spent alot of $ in there and in return we were stolen from! I will never go back there again!Some coworkers and I ate Attiki for lunch last Wednesday and had a horrible experience. Our waitress was unfriendly and not very helpful.  She told us we couldn't order from the lunch menu because it was only offered on Monday or Friday and she charged us gratuity at a table for three.  I've been to Attiki several times and know that lunch is offered Monday THROUGH Friday during a specific time.  Although the music was good, my coworkers and I will not be returning. I recommend Halal Brothers on St. Charles if you want friendly service and a good atmosphere.We loved everything about this place. Service was great, food - excellent, hookah - very smooth. I highly recommend.Nice ambience, great food, beef shwarma is great. My second time here, and both times did not disappoint...Came here for a pit stop from all the walking. Ordered a hookah and drinks. Service was great. Brought out waters without even asking. Drinks were strong. Just like I like it and from the looks of it the hookah was good as well. No complaints"Belly dance" hookah blend = Mixed fruit, piña colada & pineapple flavored tobacco. Scrumptious smokiness! I dined on an appetizer only, so this is a somewhat limited review.
The stuffed grape leaves were not cold (yaaaay)! The leaves were tender and nicely stuffed with rice and other spices. The accompanying yogurt sauce was fresh and flavorful. A great evening on their cozy couch! I'll be back!!Lovely spot.  Great food and excellent service. Really nice people. My new favorite place in New Orleans.A nice break from the usual NO french quarter fare; reasonably priced for lunch.This is one of my two favorite hookah bars in the city. I prefer Attiki because of the really good and an authentic tasting menu. They also have pretty good shisha options. There's all the classic plus special house blends that are top secret. I recommend the Frottie loops if you're going for something light and purple haze if you're more daring. They offer ice, juice and even milk to add in the bowl but I always go with ice because ..... really milk/ juice wtf?!? The only the downside was the music selection. It went from Spanish to unknown and awkward pop. & they said they can't do changes even though they use Pandora. Nonetheless it's great place to go with a group & really romantic for a date. If you're going on the weekend get there early because it packs up fast.this was my first time visiting new orleans & hookah is a big deal where i live so i looked up places here. i went to attika every night that we stayed. the hummus with grilled chicken is great! also a must try is the alredo fries such a good combinationFirst time in NOLA and my friend took me here to smoke some hookah and grab a quick drink. Loved the environment! Had the spidermonkey flavor tobacco and it was delicious. Also had a mojito which wasn't too shabby. Service was good (wasn't busy though). I will be back!Decent food. Vegan options. Not the most beautiful atmosphere in New Orleans , but decent. 
I had the vegetarian wrap and ate innards only - 
My husband ate soft shell crab with crawfish. 
Large portions!