I finally got a chance to visit Auction House Market. I went to Alpha, a traditional modern Mediterranean eatery. Everyone needs to try their exciting new concept, the first to be offered anywhere in the Southern United States: Table-side Personal Shawarma. Choices were Chicken Shawarma or Lamb Roast, we chose the Chicken. It comes with feta fries, rice, pita bread and with many other sides, veggies and housemade sauces. 
It serves 2-4 people, possibly more. This Chicken Shawarma was incredible!! Packed with Mediterranean spices, great smokey flavor. Everything was phenomenal!!!! Will definitely go back to try the lamb.Great variety of food. Never disappointed with my order. Service is great, and area is clean.Trendy decor, clean. Lots of vendors to choose from. Bar to grab drinks. Convenient location in the CBD.
Food was pretty darn good. Empanadas were delicious (beef bourgignon and crawfish etouffee).
People say that for the price you can get larger portions elsewhere or tastier food. While I don't disagree, I would say that you are also paying for the location and the decor and that's just how it is. But I would also say that it's definitely worth checking out if you're in the areaI had read that this was a new food hall worth trying it. So, we came by since it was a short walk from our hotel, probably around 15 minutes. It's a lot smaller than the other food halls/markets I have been in other cities like LA and Chicago. Regardless, it has it's own quirky charm. Each store serves very unique things. I admit, I am SO sad that I didn't read earlier reviews about the jasmine rose boba. I LOVE jasmine rose tea. URGH. Go try it out since I probably won't be able to for a while. Instead, R got a beer from the bar and I got the crudo from the oyster bar. It's really cute and even though there wasn't a lot of people during the late afternoons, I think later in the evening, it would be packed. Definitely a place checking out, if not for the food, then the interior desire. Very IG-worthy.This hipster modern food court has a similar concept as Boston's Eataly, Anaheim's Packing House, Copenhagen's Torvehallerne etc. -- i.e. small and exquisite mini shops that offer a diverse array of cuisines (mostly NoLa cuisine with a healthy bent, but you can also find dosas, bibimpaps, empanadas, ginger lattes etc.) in a beautiful and modern environment. Not only is the atmosphere on point, the food was quite good (I'd particularly recommend the vegetarian empanadas, and next time I want to try the charboiled oysters). Plus, it has a fun location right on gallery row. A stroll along gallery row followed by lunch at Auction House Market is the stuff of lifestyle blogger dreams.The AuctionHouse Market has a uniquely cool environment that is incredibly inviting. While I went there for a quick dinner with family, this would be an awesome spot for a drink after work with coworkers.Easy and a good variety near the convention center, plus a full bar. Had the empanadas and they were really filling for the price!Incredibly trendy, and great if you want to try a bunch of new foods. It's also great with a group of picky eaters who want more than one type of cuisine.I went to Empanola and ordered I was told it would take 15 min to cook the chicken empanada. Ok, I come back in 15 min and I am told they are waiting for the salad that came with my order wait another 10 min and see the lady with the salad so I think yay it is my turn. Nope, she comes back to tell me they ran out of chicken but will put one in for me now. needless to say, I did not have lunch today and will not go back. The nice lady that tried to make it a little better was the only good thing about this whole experience.Cold brew coffee was crazy good! We also had grilled cheese, black bean hummus, & cuban sandwich. All the food was yummy but the coffee was incredible!I got macaroons from Mac Moon & they were delicious.  I got one champagne & one s'mores, and they were tasty.  However, the teas that I tried were too sweet for my taste.  I'd love to try food from some of the other vendors within Auction House Market on a future trip! I loved the decor and the international cuisine that the vendors offered.Unimpressed and underwhelmed. It's noisy. It's expensive considering the portions and lack of service. The ceiling leaked into my purse. The portions are small. The staff doesn't care.Stumbled upon this food hall after reading about it in a food blog. Definitely recommend a visit while in NOLA. Located in an old brick warehouse with a centrally located bar decorated with hanging plants and surrounded by about 10 different vendors. Options included Indian Street Food:Dosa, Empanadas, Hawaiian Poke bowls, Deli, Oysters, Vegetarian meals/hummus plates, coffee bar and gourmet roll ice cream and macaroons. Great place to people watch or strike up a conversation with the friendly locals. Highly recommend you give this place a try!This area needs the food options for sure! Stop in for a drink, app, entree, and dessert all from different stations - all very tasty. If you can't make up your mind, this is a place to try a bit of everything. Fair warning, the prices seem high, but the prices are in line with other restaurants in the area. 
For drinks: 
The Mayhaw bar is my favorite thing about this place because the location is convenient (right in the middle so you can order while you're waiting on your food), the bar is stocked with great options, they offer a Happy Hour, and the bartenders are amazing! They keep up with the crowd even at it's busiest, craft cocktails and all. The wine selection is surprisingly great, too. 
For food, I've tried: 
Mac & Moon - delicious desserts!!! You have to try them!
Elysian Seafood - always full, so you know it's good; I had a special curry dish that was to die for and the Oyster Happy Hour is a must taste.
Aloha Lai - good sushi rolls though slightly pricey and long wait when they weren't busy.I got food posing from some corque monsieur toast from one of the counters. Sadly I won't be returning after this experience. Very pretty atmosphere. Also no soft surface so kind of loud. Family friendly as well...Went there for the first time about 3 weeks ago. A party of three and we all had different things. I had the empanada sampler and it was amazing. The chocolate Nutella empanada is a must try. My wife had a Poke bowl with fresh raw tuna and she loved it. Our dining partner had the charcuterie plate with artisanal cheeses and she raved about it. All in all a big win.I happened to see an advertisement of this place on my Instagram feed and decided to try it. Conveniently located in the warehouse district ( right across the street from the Peche restaurant). There is parking on the street - paid parking. 
Upon entry I was blown away at the decor and vibe. Very modern and super clean. the food vendors are located along the side of the space and a bar located right bang in the middle of the space. The seating is beautiful with marble counter tops and gold chairs! Absolutely stunning. In addition to the great space, there are waiters/servers that pick up your plates and serve you water.(nice touch). 
The food vendors include but are not limited too a :
- Sushi type place that serves poke bowls and sashimi. ( Called "Aloha Lei)
- A sandwich and salad place
- A Mexican style place that serves the most delicious Empanadas! ( Empanola)
- A seafood place that serves fresh seafood (Elysian Seafood)
- A Greek place that serves small plates of humus and pita, etc (Alpha)
- A dessert place that serves delicious macaroons and icecream ( Mac & Moon) 
- A coffee bar - Coast Roast Coffee
- A "create your own" salad type of place 
I managed to go during lunchtime and tried the sandwich place. I had a toasted sarmi with bree cheese and fig jam. It was served with a side of my choice. I decided on the onion, tomato and cucumber salad. The sandwich was delicious and the salad was fresh. What would I change? Next time I order the sandwich I would definitely ask for the fig jam on the side. It made the sandwich a bit too sweet for my liking. I tried a cappuccino from the coffee bar which was really good. Not too strong. 
The market impressed me so much that I took my hubby there the same evening ( Friday evening). I tried the spicy tuna Poke Bowl ( without fruit) and he has the empanada taster plate. This consisted of 3 empanadas of your choice. The empanadas are freshly made so we waited about 15 minutes for it to come out. 
The poke bowl was fresh and tasted amazing! The spice on there was just enough for me and the owner made it specially spicy for me as they didn't have a spicy tuna on the menu. What a GREAT guy! 
The Empanadas - OMG! I still have dreams about them. If you go please try the spinach and artichoke one. Absolutely amazing. 
The trading hours of the market is :
Sun - Thur : 7am - 10pm
Fri-Sat : 7am - 11pm
Lets talk about dessert. I chose 5 macaroons (cookies and cream, pistachio, red velvet, cream brullee and smores flavor). Lets just say...... DELICIOUS!!! 
Do yourself a huge favor and make a turn here to try the delicious food and drinks.An incredible place and very cool concept.  Small, high quality food vendors surround a cool bar.   Have come here twice in two days.  Got great latte, excellent breakfast toast, and great lunch from Alpha.  This spot is new and authentic.   Will keep coming back to try all of the great food purveyors.   You should too.The coolest concept for a food court - so many good choices! Decor is on point with marble tables, gold accents and not to mention all the plants. Bring one to Raleigh NC!Impressive! There are several eateries here with a nice center full service bar. I had the poboy catfish from Elysian, get it. Light and full of flavor! Had the sampler platter from empa Nola, and wish I could try them all now. Flakey buttery crust, with distinct flavors that came from quality ingredients. 
This has a more upscale vibe, but still very casual.I'll start by saying, amazing interior! Well there's that. 
As many of you probably have already read, this place is pretty similar to St. Roch Market. I noticed a few of the same vendors: Empanada, Mayhaw, and Elysian Seafood. So we made a lap around and picked out a couple new ones we wanted to try. 
(Best to least fave)
Mayhaw
Petals to the metal - $12
The description fits this drink perfectly. Sips of pretty pink with a kick from the rum.
Aloha Lei
Ahi Bowl - $19 - Marinated tuna, avocado, spring mix, and orange slices
Nicely flavored but a bit steep on the pricing. Most poke starts around $13 bucks and there's a .50 cent charge for additional sauces... No thanks.
Happy Jaxx
Reuben Toast - $7 - corn beef, swiss cheese, sauerkraut and herbs
This had good flavor, a yummy sauce.... but there wasn't much meat mostly cheese. I would call it grilled swiss cheese topped with corn beef. Also, this is an open faced sandwich.. just one slice a bread. 
Elysian Seafood
Chargrilled & Raw Oysters - $28
Where do I even begin? You can't really mess up on raw oysters right? The raw ones were fine, but one was so small it shouldn't even count as one, the size of a quarter? Chargrilled is a strong no. I know it's not the season for oysters so size maybe smaller than usual, but happens when you  over cook small oysters? EVEN smaller oysters. The flavor just wasn't there for me either. 
Gulf Seafood Ceviche - $8 - Coconut, cucumber, jalapeno, mint
Ah, it sounded good. This was like a pintrest fail, what you're expecting vs what you actually get. It wasn't the worse ceviche I've ever had, but I wouldn't get it again. The app was just very watery and the juice lacked of flavor. Oh, and the restaurant tortilla chips  on the side that was realllll impressive. 
Overall, this place has a variety of places to try, but I haven't really found one that I'm willing to come back to. I would give it another try, but different vendors for sure. I would say it's a great social place to meet a friend to catch up.Lots of options to choose from. The vibe is awesome and the bar is so pretty in the middle of the market. I had a gyro and it was okay. The bread wasn't warm, but the meat was good. I would come back for drinks, but I'm not sure about a whole meal.Fresh and flavorful ingredients, the NOLA bowl at with crawfish at Aloha Lei was a perfect lunch.  A frozen espresso bean  drink from Coast Roast to wash it down was a perfect accompaniment.Been anticipating to come here for months now. When I finally did last night, I was really disappointed. Especially w the service provided by most places. 
Happy Jax guy wasn't so happy. He, by far, had the worst customer service from beginning to end. Food was okay. Salad was really bland, but the salad dressing saved it. No dressing was offered, til I came back up to ask for it.  
The Kati rolls were good, but the meat were kind of dry. Service was okay. 
Crawfish étouffée empanadas were interesting. Flavor was good, but texture of the stuffing was to mushy. Kind of reminded me of those baby foods in a jar. 
The seafood tower we got from Elysian Seafood was okay. Only got to eat 5 of dozen oysters and 3 of the 5 was bad. From there, we just stopped eating it because we did not want to risk getting sick. Shrimp w the sauce was decent. Everything else weren't the freshest or tastiest. They were very friendly and nice though. Greatest customer service of them all.  
If I come back, I intend to try more food and definitely come for drinks in the nice environment.  None of the food had me at hello though, but will definitely give it another shot.loveee this place! super clean,neat and chic. they have seafood/oyster bar., a coffee spot, sushi bar, regular bar, salads & sandwiches. middle eastern food. i got an ahi bowl and hummus/pita bread. lots of options. i would deffinitely come back the bathrooms are amazing tooDelicious. Sit at the bar and eat from any of 6 vendors in the space.  Cheese and charcuterie board. Empanadas were amazing. Roasted oysters and ceviche. Everything was amazing.
Teriffic space too. Not near the tourist areas. The warehouse district is where the locals go.So good we went back twice and tried new things. Great for groups and there is a lot to choose from. Bar in the middle and go around the world with a taste of everything.
I cannot name all the places we ate at in this market, but I can tell you the baked oysters were great, I had Mediterranean food, and everyone else had a variety of things.
My favorite was everything.
We had vegan ice cream, vegan macaroons, and coffee. We ordered 2 of each flavor of macaroons. FYI, macarons are expensive. I spent $80 for two of each flavor.Love the amount of choices that revolve around the airy bar. 
We sat for a couple drinks- delicious, small & expensive.
My date & I got the Seafood Tower from Elysian Seafood- pricey, but lovely! The Cuban Sandwich (don't remember stall) it was good. And the rolled ice cream (vanilla/ pistachio)- perfect!!
Can't wait to go back to try all the things we couldn't the first time!!A fresh gem of healthy, tasty food in a city where the options in this regard can be limited. 
Great atmosphere for breakfast, a day of work or happy hour.Love this place! Nice variety but not overwhelming. Went with a group of 3, so we order a few things and split. Everything was delicious! Love the atmosphere as well :)These open markets with small food vendors are definitely trendy. This is the most upscale such place I've been to, and it looks quite spectacular. You'll spend profusely, but this is the sort of place where you get asked if you want your dosa served folded like a French crepe or rolled in the traditional Indian manner. Your Cajun fusion empanadas will be plated as if you were at some fine dining establishment. It's a food court, not a restaurant, but your table will be cleared promptly, and if you don't buy drinks, the fancy looking water fountain will put out such a forceful squirt their small glasses struggle to handle it.
It is a great location (notably a block from the WWII museum) and a beautiful space. It's a test of how much one is willing to indulge to be paying $30 for a lunch that still might not completely fill you, but this market's appeal seems to have passed that test for me. Indeed, given the paucity of Indian food around here, I may return just for that. North Indian chickpeas on a South Indian dosa is already a sort of stealth fusion dish I haven't seen before, but like seemingly everything here, it had a bit of that New Orleans twist.Dang this place is fantastic.  Just well made imaginative cuisine with friendly young chefs.  The shared space is delightful.  When you hear food court you think of airport collections of fast food venders slightly more imaginative than vending machines.  Here you get a foodie collective where all boats rise in unison.  Great concept and execution.  I planned to explore the cuisine in the neighborhood but I just kept coming back.  Great food, people, variety amidst a small little foodie revolution.Very cute and beautiful market that opened up recently in NOLA. Street parking is required to travel to this trendy place. The place had limited options of vendors to choose from. In my opinion, it is quite pricey for the courses they offer, which were not very unique and memorable. The oysters were very small and overpriced. I also had the empanadas which were decent. However, it took a while to get after ordering on a slow evening. Overall, very charming spot but probably won't come back anytime soon.I would not recommend this place. It is a total rip off. Two drinks and two oyster appetizers and the bill was $64.00....and we hadn't even begun main courses of any kind. Tried twice to get a poke bowl, but the guy was so concentrated on fixing present order, he did not even acknowledge our presence at the counter. We gave up. The pita chips were ok, but the hummus was less than flavorful, while the the accompanying dips were too salty to even eat. I could go on, but enough said. 
Can't believe I chose this place for Mother's Day with my children. There are so  many other wonderful places to eat in this city...........my mistake..it won't happen again. Tourist Trap!I think what I like most about this place is that there is so many food choices, that if you come with a group of people you're bound to find something that everyone will like. It's a casual but very clean and fresh atmosphere, especially if you wanna avoid a stuffy restaurant. Like an upscale food court, with a bar in the middle! Very nawlins.Awesome spot. Has great variety and very posh little food court. I loved the seafood tower and the empanadas! YumThere are quite of few of these "markets" in town now, but this was my first time to this type of food oasis. The space is bright, open and a little loud. The bar is centrally located with the food vendors all around the perimeter. A variety of seating is plentiful throughout. From sandwiches, to Indian street food, local seafood, poke bowls and hand made empanadas you can't go wrong when looking for something new for lunch here. In addition to the aforementioned vendors, there is also a coffee bar and macarons if looking for something a little sweet. Though prices tend to be a little on the high side, many booths offer specials or combination deals which are a little easier on the wallet. Easily a fan.Aesthetics aesthetics aesthetics!! White marble, chrome accents, succulents, and great vibes all around. Was I even in New Orleans? I felt like I was transplanted into Downtown Los Angeles. Or maybe Beverly Hills? Anyways... Street parking only, so come on Sundays if you'd rather spend that parking money on food!
There's so many different vendors here for main dishes, coffee, and desserts. Take a walk around before deciding what to get. My friend and I ended up getting empanadas from Empa Nola and uttapams from Tava. It was a difficult choice because there were sandwiches, crepes, poke, oysters, and so many other yummy options all around. We tried to pick something more unique that we couldn't eat elsewhere, and we made the right choices.
I also had an amazing iced chai from Coast Roast -- not on the big menu posted, but I asked and they had it.
Great place for families, catching up with friends, bringing visitors... so for everything I guess. Again, it's just so beautiful inside I could sit there for hours! Props to whoever designed this place. Will definitely be back to try different vendors and hopefully have room for dessert!As big fans of St. Roch market we were excited to try this place on our visit to New Orleans. It was walking distance from our hotel so we visited a few times. Lots of great options for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The bar is in the middle and you have a variety of places to choose from: Greek, seafood, sushi, sandwiches, empanadas, coffee and dessert. We splurged on the half seafood tower and it was awesome! In the morning I tried the ginger latte. It was delicious and not too sweet. This is a great option for a group of people with varying tastes and dietary needs. Everyone can get what they want, it's delicious and the atmosphere is fun!Cool concept, beautiful space. All the food sounded delicious, but I was put off by the prices for what this place is - essentially a food court. We didn't get any food, but got a cafe au lait from Coast Roast, which was wonderful. We left to go to a sit-down restaurant for less money.Absolutely gorgeous new food hall from the folks who started St. Roch Market. The wow factor is there from the moment you walk through the doors.  It's beautifully decorated in white marble, brushed gold wire seating and jungalow style plants dripping from the shelves. Lots of options to choose from in this elevated food court. 
We got coffee from Coast Roast and I had a lovely ginger latte. Empanola was my choice and I had the salmon & leek empanada and a caramelized onion, pecan & blue cheese empanada. Both were delicious! 
We sat at the bar in their burnt orange velvet high chairs, and I was pleasantly surprised to see purse hooks under the bar. :) No detail was over looked. 
The best surprise was a trip to the ladies room with the absolutely fantastic lipstick wall paper 
Will definitely be back to try the other options: Tava (Indian), Happy Jaxx (Salads), Sola Deli, Alpha (Greek), New Orleans Elysian Seafood, Aloha Lei (Poke), Mac & Moon (Macarons) and The Mayhaw bar!Loved this place! Our first time to Nola and we had the chance to try this place out and we loved everything we tried! $5 rose , empanadas , poke bowl and Mediterranean nachos were all delicious and hit the spot! Wait to was perfect! Great place to go with groups who might want different types of food! and the woman's bathroom is beautiful! I would definitely recommend auction house market to anyone who wants to escape the tourist scene and enjoy great food with a great ambiance!Sadly disappointed and I live a block away. First time we went in we ate at the seafood place and the empanada place. The seafood gumbo and shrimp sandwich were terrible. The gumbo was so burnt and the shrimp sandwich was very bland. The service overall is terrible. They act like you are troubling them by ordering. However the girl at the Greek place is very nice. We waited forever for the empanada and the guy forgot our soup and didn't know how to heat it up so we said don't worry about it. Need I remind you nobody was even in there. The empanadas were tasty, but everything is wayyyy overpriced. I'm sad about it because I had high hopes for it because we love going to st roch.Went to get a poke bowl from Aloha, and it was delicious!  Drury and Henry were attentive, and extremely helpful with deciding on menu options.   The atmosphere is clean, friendly, and inviting.  Great experience overall.My empanadas from Empanola (such unique flavors!) and charbroiled oysters from Elysian we're both delicious. Unfortunately the macarons from Mac & Moon were stale :( I went around lunchtime and the place was absolutely packed. I was expecting more of a Union Market (DC) or Eataly kind of space but it's much smaller than those places.  However, there was a wide variety of places to order from, so even picky eaters should be able to find soemthing they like.Cute place. A little more upscale compare to St Roch on St Claude.  Love that we have something like this in warehouse district.  They prob have like 8 different types of vendors - Greek, poke place, seafood, empanadas, salad, sandwich, coffee and macaroon (was not open yet) and a bar in the center of the food hall with some nice seating. Food was OK. Love the decor and the marble like tabletop. Would definitely give it another try.Oh auction house, you're just what I've always dreamed of. They have so many options from apps, entries, desserts. I love this joint. You can't go wrong with ordering lil small plates here. it's perfect for a group dining experience. I feel that one can dress down or dress up and just be here. You feel fancy and relaxed all in one. I'll definitely be going back here and you should too!Had a great vegan experience here!  Was worried there would be limited options but half the vendors had a vegan option!  LOVED the uttapam from Tava- there were two vegan filling choices and they were both delicious and filling.  I was so happy to see vegan macarons from Mac and Moon- they were super tasty and my non-vegan coworkers tried them and agreed they were delicious.  Definitely can't wait to go back!Very cool ambiance, great spot for a date. This place is hustling and bustling with young professionals after work, which makes for a hip spot for people in their 20s to 30s. However, I found that the food was lackluster. I went with a group and we split a sandwich from the deli cart, Bao, and a poke bowl. All were fine--not good. Come for the experience or the drinks, not exclusively for the food.Loved this place! You could eat every meal here. Too many good options! I wish a breakfast vendor opened earlier at 7am when the coffee place opens, but it's otherwise awesome.This place is around the corner from our hotel and I'm so glad we tried it. It's a smart concept. Multiple eateries in one place. We were able to enjoy several types of food at once. The staff was friendly and the decor was simple and cool.The bar serves the best drinks in NO. Maybe it's just the bartender, Tin, but I have never had better cocktails. Sazerac, vieux carre, daquiri, you name it.Auction House Market only opened up 6 weeks ago and I've been about 8 times. Every time I've tried a different restaurant or something new at place I've been to a lot (So far I've returned to SOLA the most). I haven't tried Empa Nola yet but my next visit I'm going to!
I love these markets because you can go with a large group of friends and never disagree on lunch. I've gone with small groups and large groups, and unless you get there early enough to push some tables together, going with a large group is hard because this place is getting popular.
Other than the food and ambiance, I love the bathrooms. The ladies room has lips wallpaper and the men's room has gorgeous green tile (I did not go into the bathroom but my guy friend took a photo for me.
The cocktails are a little expensive but delicious. You don't' come to Auction House to drink a coke and rum. 
Seriously, whether you are into sushi, salads, green foods, sandwiches, empanadas, indian foood, coffee or whatever - Auction House has somehting for you.Actually $$$. Great space and selection. Never been to a nicer food court but actually should be listed as 3 $'s. Very pricey for what you get. The picture is of my Spanish Pork which cost me $17...it was just ok. Similar sentiments from my part on their choices.The new "market" opened by the same folks who run the controversial St. Roch market is really a food court for the millennial rich. The prices of dishes here are up 25% or more from the St. Roch location. At about $20 per entree with tax and tip you could just go across the street and eat way better at the James Beard award winning Peche. This place though beautiful will definitely not be on my list for CBD eating locations.It's beautiful. I was greeted warmly by the smiling woman in the gyro place.
The coffee gal had not heard of a cortado and scalded the milk of the latte. The oyster gals were more interested in talking to each other than in helping me enjoy my meal. No one seems to serve breakfast even though they are open at 7.
It's beautiful inside.Auction House is a very cool environment w/ great bar service and lots of dining options from local vendors. I had the ahi tuna poke bowl, which was one of the best I have had here in New Orleans. They are also dog friendly (if your dog is well behaved and doesn't try to jump/eat off of the tables). The staff is so nice, and the manager even came out to meet my dog. Highly recommend and I will definitely be back!This place is perfect for a large group of varying tastes. There was literally something for everyone here and the dining space is pleasant and clean. It's not too loud not too quiet not too dim not too bright. I've had food from four of the stalls here and every single one was amazing. The Thai is my favorite and the macarons are a close second! I want to go back and try the last of the places before I skip town again lolMy attempt to pick up a gift at Mac and Moon was a failure since the shop did not open till 10am, but I discovered this nice food hall that I wished was within walking distance of my work.  But I work in Boston, so alas, that was not to be.
The Auction House Market had maybe 9 shops encircling the common sitting area.
It was quite nice inside.Stopped in on our walk back from the WWII museum for a quick drink and was pleasantly surprised! So many options for delicious (and fresh) food. The bf went with a fried catfish sandwich and I opted for sushi. Very good, cool ambiance, great for a nice refreshing break.This is a beautiful place to take Instagram pictures. The white marble on all the table tops is very chic!! The super cute and terribly designed system that serves 6 entirely different genres of food are sure to give you a headache and then take laughably long to arrive at your table. The cocktails are great! However, the bartenders act like ordering a drink is the equivalent to killing their dog and the drinks are sure to take an unfathomably long time to show up followed by a hard to look at face and a harder to palate attitude. I'd recommend coming take 10-15 cute pictures and bouncing.This place is as beautiful as it looks on Instagram. With endless options, diverse selections and a lovely setting, Auction House is a welcome addition to my rotation of lunch options.
Auction House is a food hall with a number of different outposts that range in cuisine from Mexican to Indian to coffee to rolled ice cream. I purchased a number of different things, including empanadas (Empanola), breakfast tacos (Sola Deli), and chargrilled oysters (Elysian Seafood). Each outpost has a different price range, but you can expect to spend about $15-$20 for lunch. In the center of the space is a bar that has standard drinks as well as an impressive list of cute cocktails.
I visited early on a Sunday morning and was pleased to find little to no crowd. The place itself is very open and spacious, but there aren't a whole lot of seats. I imagine at lunchtime or happy hour things can get crowded, but with the decor and styling, I doubt it ever looks cramped.
Each outpost is different, but all of the vendors were kind and friendly, explaining menu options and specials. Staff walks around, clearing tables and delivering water (there is also a water and cup station nearby). For the most part, you walk up to a counter and wait to pick up your food, so there is no table service.
Auction House provides endless food options and a perfect Instagram backdrop, making it worth the visit.This is directed at the oyster bar 
It's hard to come here when you have a 5 star seafood place across the street but I wanted to give it another shot. 
I get that it's Mardis Gras and the staff is tired, they assume everyone is a tourist. This is their fatal flaw. I've sat at this oyster bar on two occasions. I thought the first time was a fluke, maybe because they hd only been open 2 months they hadn't quite figured things out. Today, I'm the middle of Mardi Gras a friend and I sat down and it was 5 minutes before we were acknowledged. We were the only ones sitting at the bar. Blah blah blah, I could continue on but the little pop up needs to step up there game. 
Side note, I watched a dozen oysters sit out in the open for more than 30 minutes, un iced,  un refrigerated, growing countless bacteria....
This is not a great representation of what a small pop up could be.Just beautiful! When I walked in, I felt like I had walked into the final product of some hgtv show. Marble, gold, greenery--just beautiful!
There are high barstool sitting area, and also regular tables. This could be a great spot to work remotely, get a refreshing drink with a good friend, or grab a quick Indian inspired lunch. 
I will definitely be back.Never got served. My wife and I walked in at 8am, an hour after they opened. No other customers in the place. The staff saw us walk in, but didn't acknowledge us. One guy was playing on his iPad adjusting the music while the rest were cleaning. 
We walked around the front area for a while. Still no service and now they avoided eye contact. We left.We wandered for a late dinner after a Thurs night event at the Ogden Museum. The black and white color scheme paired with the massive bar and dim lighting screamed hipster hang-out, but I was intrigued. The    concept is a food hall. We did a lap around to see what was still open and on offer at that hour (around 8:30 pm). 
My friend and I decided to start with a half dozen of the NOLA classic, grilled oysters. They were phenomenal! When our name was called and bivalves ready to consume, we pulled up to the monumental bar in the middle of the room. The bartender quickly served water and offered a cocktail menu and beer list for review. 
After selecting our refreshments, I decided on trio of empanadas for my entree. My partner in crime went with some spicy Indian fare - chickpea dish served with a dosa. Despite the richness, I managed to finish every last flaky bite of my dinner. Kim was tearing up from the heat but also loved her selection.
Auction House is walkable from many Warehouse hotspots and offers a lot of options. It's not the most budget conscious, but definitely not the most expensive meal you'll find in this district.Went to this place twice during my 3 night stay in NOLA! The atmosphere is really chill and casual, perfect hang out place with friends! They also have a really good variety of food to choose from, such as salads, poke, crab cakes, and oysters! Both times I went, there was plenty of space to sit (went once at 5pm and the other time at 8pm). I am a really indecisive person and can never decide on a place to eat, so I feel like a place like this was perfect because I get lots of options all in one location! Can't wait to visit again!I did the three empanadas for 13.75 and i got the spinach artichoke, muffela, and the crawfish one. The spinach one was my favorite because it was creamy and the mix was really good with the tomato soup.Tava and The Empanadas place are amazing.
The cocktails are wild.
The place has an amazing vibe and a great atmosphere. 
The Alpha place, Mediterranean place, is the WORST food in town.  All we ordered was tasteless (the hummus, the baba, the meat, the rice...), Expensive and almost out of a can.
The overall feedback from the group (awesome set-up but expensive when so many other joints close bye where you get more for your $$$$).
We will be back in hope that some changes are made.Upscale, beautiful, bougie food-hall with great, but expensive food. I got a lime salad and a vanilla coffee, and both were delicious. There is also a bar in the middle. My friends all got empanadas, which they enjoyed, but they took 20 min to make even though they were the only people who ordered.Finally was able to try this place. I wanted to take my friends somewhere we could all get something different and this was just the place. I got Indian street food from tava which I loved! I also got bubble teas from Mac & Moon which was just as pretty to look at as it was to drink! My friends all got something different from Thai, poké bowl, empanadas, poboys. Very cool vibe there and lots of yummy options. I'd definitely recommend and love to go back!Love love love auction house market! The atmosphere when you walk in is to die for. It is beautifully decorated. I went right before dinner plans just to grab a drink. There drink menu is not extensive, but our bartender thought up a few ideas. I got the drop it like it's apricot and added strawberry to it. DELICIOUS! Came back after dinner and ordered another one. My friends saw me posting it and begged me to bring them the next day! So I had another drop it likes it's apricot! My friend got the aproel frose which tasted like a alcoholic creamsicle but I'm not complaining. And my other friend order the fruity whiskey drink ( can't remember what it's called). All our drinks were delicious. As far as food goes . . . I'm not the biggest fan. Happy Jaxx had a really good salad and empanola had a yummy empanada but the seafood place was a little disappointing and the dumpling place dumplings had a weird like dishwater taste to them. So, I wouldn't come here to eat and drink but I'd def come here just to drink!When I first moved to Louisiana, I frequented this area quite a bit......
I actually remember when this was an actual auction house, full of furniture, paintings and antiquities.
But now.............its full of food, drinks and macaroons!
The first time I went I wasn't exactly sure what was in store....
The interior is light and airy, it sort of takes your breath away.  The plants from Luna Botanicals are everywhere and add to the ambience in a big way.
The bar is located centrally and food stations are located on the outer edge.  There is something for everyone.  I personally have dined on raw oysters, ceviche, poke bowls, mediterranean dip trio(ask for extra pita, the fancy indian street food, macaroons, coffee and dark & stormys from the bar.
Poke Bowls are not new to me and I love the freshness of them.  Tracy and her staff make a mean bowl, if I do say so myself.  I heard the empanadas are scrumptious, so I definitely need to try them real soon. 
I really like this location, lots of street parking and lots near by, close to the museums and galleries.  Its probably why I've been so many times now...happy hour meet up, out of town guest lunch, business meeting, after event dinner and after dinner dessert with my dietary restrictive brother in law (Thanks Mac & Moon!.....he gobbled down your version of an ice cream sandwich).
Still more food to enjoy.  I'm not going to get into a rut by selecting the same place every time.  
That would be too easy.....let the adventures begin.Wonderful atmosphere and so many delicious food options. Everything is fresh and tasty, healthy options and prepared to order. There's a great bar in the center to order creative cocktails, beer or wine from, and you can take them back to your table or comfy seating.  Great vibes, gracious staff and reasonably priced. Can't beat this place! Highly recommend!!!No matter which vendor you go to, you're going to get great food and even better service. Even on an extremely crowded Mardi Gras day, everyone was friendly, service was fast and food was amazing! Did I mention, super clean restrooms?!This is a really cool place for a casual meal in a super instagrammable location. It's basically an indoor food hall with different stands and a beautiful bar in the middle. There is a ton of seating and many great food options. I grabbed a fish dish from one of the food stands and brought it to the bar for a post-WWII museum lunch and it was just what I needed to recharge. Definitely recommend this to anyone who needs a break from the French Quarter and wants to try out a more low-key option!Awesome spot for food (breakfast/lunch/dinner) and drinks (coffee/cocktails). Service is wonderful. Great spot in the warehouse district.Checked out the Auction House Market after yoga and loved their atmosphere! Once entering the hall, you have so many options to delicious food. I tried out Tava Indian Street food, Mac and Moon, and Empanola. 
At Tava, the staff was very friendly and helpful explaining their menu. I decided on the Uttapam (3 for $12) - Chole Chaat, Potato, and Sausage. The sample of three was very tasty and I will be back to check out the other flavors. 
At Empanola, I got two empanadas and the soup of the day. The empanadas took a long time to prepare so if you plan on eating here, I would order from this vendor first! Otherwise, the empanadas were delicious and paired perfectly with the soup of the day.  
At Mac and Moon, I got Jasmine rose bubble tea and a frozen tea - both very refreshing and I would order again. 
Overall, Auction House Market has a very trendy environment and I would definitely recommend for lunch with friends!We came across this charming food hall after attending an exhibit at the Ogden museum. There are ten or more vendors for you to choose from. We opted for the seafood spot. We ordered the happy hour oysters, YUM! They were charbroiled with Parmesan. We also ordered the crab cakes. Very tasty and filling. We were impressed and you should go!I can only review for the southern food counter in the Auction House. I was seeking out a seafood gumbo and wanted to try this place since it has such good reviews. The gumbo was really disappointing so I didn't order anything else. I ordered a bowl, which was $13, and was about 8 fl ounces full (1/2 full). No bread. Very little seafood, no okra or tomato chunks. Needed salt (I never say that about restaurant food). Went to Heard Dat afterwards and enjoy plenty.