I don't eat a ton of Chinese takeout because I haunt various local Asian markets and buy and cook the stuff myself. But a small cooking accident and a burned hand lead me to order out at this South Chinese/Vietnamese place, and I was pretty satisfied with the result.
My order was hot and freshly ready in just under ten minutes; I barely had time to hit an ATM around the corner. It wasn't super cheap; I paid for two dishes what I would have paid for three at the cheapest of such places, but the portion sizes were such that I'll get 2.5-3 meals anyway, which is about right for the price. And it was respectable American Chinese cuisine, with my Kung Pao dish highlighted by a mix of vegetables and a decent amount of peanuts, and my lemongrass tofu having the option of noodles or rice with a little salad and separate sauce on the side. Nothing world-beating (and if I wanted to, I could get mad at them for their spicy dishes not being particularly hot), but I got a good meal.
For some reason it came in styrofoam containers rather than the typical Chinese food cartons, and I was instructed to hold the bag level to avoid spillage; even being cautious, there was still a bit of sauce on the bottom of the bag. If they wanted five stars from me, they could do things like improve those containers or not sneak broccoli into dishes where it isn't listed or offer non-soy vegetarian dishes for variety, but their menu now isn't bad.
Their online menu proudly proclaims that the dishes in its vegetarian section are "prepared with vegetarian ingredients", which sounds redundant until you realize that Chinese places can and will sneak in something that isn't. So I appreciate that notification, and will most likely order something else from that menu the next time I decide I want Chinese takeout.We just picked this restaurant because it was close to our hotel, but WE ARE SO GLAD WE DID!  The food was seriously delicious and reasonably priced!  The lemongrass tofu was flavorful and cooked perfectly (not rubbery!) and the chicken and broccoli was also yummy!  Highly recommend this gem!They have Chinese, Vietnamese, and Thai dishes. Very delicious. I usually eat the pho when I go but I change it up sometimes. I recently had the triple dragon and my wife had the pork fried rice. Both were done very well.My friend ordered beef chow mein and a dish came out that resembled fritos chips... nuff said..This restaurant is by far the best Chinese food around. I have been buying from them for well over 5 years and I have to say that I've never had a bad meal. They are so consistent with their food and the quality of everything they use is top notch. From time to time I try a new place just because I live in Metairie and don't want to make the drive uptown but I'm always disappointed that I took the easy way out. All of their dishes have different flavors because the sauces are all made differently. So many Chinese restaurants use the same sauces on different meats or shapes of chicken and give them different names but yet they taste exactly the same. Not August Moon because they prepare and  take pride in the preparation and taste of each and every dish they serve. No more easy way out for this Metairie girl!!The soup I had was very delicious.  My girlfriend who is a vegetarian loved this place because they had a lot of options for her.  If I was in town, I would go back.I was craving Chinese the other night and this seemed like one of the only Chinese restaurants that delivered to my area.  I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, which is supposed to be spicy.  It was chicken but it had a fishy taste.  I had to make my own dinner at home, which is what I was trying to avoid...OMG. I got some food delivered and it was so good. Here is what I got: Vietnamese tacos. I've never had this before. Delicious "taco shell". White doughy and sweet. Grilled summer rolls. Clear sticky and crammed with those white noodles and veggies. Loved it. Chinese egg rolls---the best egg rolls I've ever had. I could only eat half of everything except I ate BOTH egg rolls.I went to this location on last Friday July 25th for a birthday lunch with my coworkers. However as one of my coworkers was eating her rice, she notice that she had a littler critter in her rice. I called them and told them what we had found, the young lady stated to me over the phone, to bring the plate back to see if it was their mistake. The gentleman was getting ready to throw the food away, when a young lady yelled not to throw the food away like the food was still good. Then she told me that she had refunded me all the money but I needed to give her $2.00 because I kept the soda. The young lady started going back and forward with myself and my coworker saying how about she just make me pay for all the food that we started eating. And as my coworker was trying to explain to the young lady and the gentleman that sometimes it's not always about greed it's about customer service and being sympatric to the  situation at hand. These people are very rude and don't want to acknowledge when they have done wrong.August Moon.  Lunch special.  Go.  Now.  
I spent $7.31 (tax included) on a plate of General Tao's chicken that was sweet and spicy in just the right proportions, served with rice, broccoli, and two triangles of fried deliciousness...and I had leftovers for dinner.  I know of no other place where one bottomless pit of a lady can pay less than $10 and get food for two meals.  This place is pretty great.2.5/5 different?
i really want to find a different way to say "the flavors were off"...but i don't know how. local twist! i live pretty closeby and it never seeems full every time i've passed - take out is quick at the walk up and maybe there's a couple in the dining area. they were really friendly and talked it up with other folks ordering and picking up. the serving size was slightly generous, but there were just some off things, with the exception of the fried rice that had the essence of garlic all throughout. the other pieces though, seemed weird. the eggroll had a slightly sour taste - kinda like that slight tang that makes you wonder if it's actually spoiled...the hot and sour soup was also done in a way that i've never had before (and i've had a ton), and i can't say i appreciated their way. the gravy/sauce that came with my chicken was also a little weird...I've ordered take out from here a bunch of times and always thought it to be delicious.  My first time dining in, and I'm impressed. Very clean, nice tables and chairs and decor. Our server was very polite and welcoming. It was a great meal. Tried something new, too. 
THE FOOD: Started with Chinese egg rolls, which I LOVE!!! The in-house hot mustard kicks butt! The heat just pops in your nose..love it. The egg rolls are fat and crispy and burst with flavors of cabbage and veggies and pork. 
I tried fried tofu for the first time. Very bland on its own, the sauce is also mild. Little slices of red and orange peppers don't add much. It was good the next day mixed with other leftovers. 
My entree was Kung pao beef. Disappointed because it was not spicy at all. Added some hot mustard to give it kick. The beef was tasty. 
My girlfriend had Sweet and sour chicken. Which was great. Chicken was moist and coating was good. She also had fried rice which is always good.Asian food in New Orleans seems to consist of weird hybrids. Restaurants offer 'Chinese' alongside Vietnamese and even Japanese without really specializing in any of them...or at least it's not clear to the customer what they specialize in. I know that there are places which do a great job of specializing but I feel that these are more likely to be purely Vietnamese, for obvious reasons. When it comes to Chinese, it's less successful. August Moon, in particular suffers from something of an Identity crisis. The majority of the menu is Chinese but the menu itself is written in English and Vietnamese. I do wonder why. 
I ordered one of my favourites from when I lived in China - moo shu pork ($14) and an order of the August Moon crepe ($9) which I had hoped would be like a Jianbing (Amazing Shanghainese breakfast food). Got the food to go and brought it home. First impressions...wow that's a lot of food! The bag was huge, so absolutely no complaints about portion sizes. Flavours though were a mixed bag. The moo shoo ro was tasty although a distant cousin of what I've eaten before. Essentially, stir fry meat, veg, egg and add a tangy, sweet sauce...hard to go wrong. The crepe was nothing like what I expected, it's a dry, thick crepe, with (weirdly) almost a corn bread texture filled with pork, shrimp and bean sprouts. Lather it in sauce and it's ok but I would not recommend it otherwise.
The bag also had rice, sauces, and salad. Total came to just over $30 which isn't bad given the volume of food. Overall though, it's a jack of all trades and a master of none. Is it fair to say that about many Asian restaurants in the city? I'm sure I'll go back but it will always fail in comparison to others, rightly or wrongly.Please disregard my last review as I believe I am now hooked on their kung pao tofu which comes with enough food for two meals, lots of veggies, peanuts, and a good spicy sauce. Sigh, now that i work across the street I keep eating it!!Meh. Ordered the General Tso's chicken lunch plate to-go. The food was ready in a timely manner and the staff was pleasant. The chicken was average, the fried rice was below average, and the egg roll was good. Would try many other Chinese restaurants before is return here.Okay so here's the thing about August Moon... The food isn't great, however I am giving it 4 stars because it is cheap, fast (if you eat there or pickup), and has great service. 
The food isn't bad, it's just very Americanized Chinese food. Which is something I like time to time. The General Tao's sauce is syrupy and super sweet, but I like it! The fried spring rolls are greasy, but super crunchy and delicious. 
They will refill your water like 5 times during a short meal and your server will check on you. They are helpful and attentive. I wish all places had this great service. 
I used to work nearby and we would go there on our 1 hour lunch breaks, because they were That Fast! 
If you want a place that has great service, decent food, and is pretty darn cheap... Then August Moon is your place to go!Yay! I enjoyed August Moon as take out (3 stars), but loved the quality of the food as well as the numerous vegetarian options once I ate at the restaurant (4 stars), probably because it was super fresh and hot when we at there, unlike when you order take out!  
I can honestly say its the first time I've loved a tofu dish ordered at a restaurant!
They have so many lunch options, reasonably priced with large servings, you def cannot finish alone, our table ended up passing around and sharing everything, and everyone really enjoyed each menu item ordered.  They also have a full bar and the restaurant was rather large, so I cant imagine there ever being a wait.  I loved how nice, quiet, and peaceful the restaurant was!
I will say our server, though super sweet and friendly, was SLOW.  Slow, slow.  Like so slow we started to get that hungry, agitated, b*tchy attitude.  Not good with four hungover girls!  At one point I think I started sizing them up, wondering who would taste better w/ soy sauce, out of straight hunger!  
Besides the speed, or lack there of, I do look forward to returning to August Moon for chill and casual Chinese food.A favorite place for lunch for our office group.  We have been there more times than I can count and we always get the same waitress, Terry. She always knows what everyone eats...no one has to open a menu.  One of my favorite places for Chinese food!This is a Chinese Restaurant with some Vietnamese dishes.  I usually just get the chicken pho here which is pretty good but probably the most expensive pho in the whole New Orleans metro area.  The other dishes I've had here are decent for the most part with the sauces being not the most flavorful to me.  They seem to give good portion sizes and the service has always been good.  My biggest negative for this place is I really find their hot & sour soup to be the worst example of that dish I've ever had and I just don't find it edible. The location is very convenient to where I live and the nearest place to get my pho fix (for now but I've seen TWO new pho places opening on Magazine so huzzah!!!)  When new pho options appear I doubt I shall be returning very often if at all...I don't know why this place has bad reviews. It is definitely delicious and exactly what is advertised. I recently moved here from Memphis and had a bangin place to eat fried tofu. I've been in search for something even close to my set standards for Vietnamese/Chinese mix and this place is the closest to it in New Orleans (I've tried everywhere and nothing compares!). I recommend any fried tofu dishes here if you are hesitant about trying it! Overall, they have delicious food and good prices!We had an excellent dinner here.  Food was plentiful and very tasty.  We had a chicken/shrimp/pork entree and pork dumplings and had more than enough for the two of us.  Our waitress was quiet but very attentive and we had no complaints about the service.Great Chinese food, presented beautifully. Maybe the best in the city. 
My visit should have ranked four stars, but a few matters got in the way.
They were busy, even for a 1 p.m. lunch, which affected service. The single waitress was harried and forgot the first course of my meal, which was delivered after the entree, only when I reminded her of it.
In some ways a typical neighborhood Chinese joint with unoriginal art and furnishings out of the Chinese Restaurant Supply Mega Warehouse.
But in other ways a superlative experience. The menu is a bit unique, and even the lunch menu, with very modest prices, held gems like tofu with lemongrass, which I ordered and enjoyed very much. Their eggrolls are crisp, fresh, and delicious. 
As I mentioned, the place was bustling, but I was utterly distracted by the young adults at the table next to me. Notably loud and foul-mouthed there was no way I could remove myself from their influence, other than leave the place. I realize that this isn't the fault of the restaurant, but it did contribute to a diminished experience. And maybe the restaurant does bear some responsibility for recognizing when patrons' behavior becomes obnoxious and ask that they exercise courtesy.I've never written a Yelp review before, but I now feel inclined to share with others that I ate it for dinner last night and got terrible food poisoning. Haven't been this sick since I traveled to India! I will not be going back.I love it here. I hate that I always go here because the food is so addicting and will most likely make me fat. The lunch special is great. The dinner is phenomenal and the portions are pretty big! They have some of the BEST tasting crab Rangoon I've ever had! This place is amazing and one of the best if not THE BEST Chinese restaurants in town. Try the General Tso's, you won't regret it!DO NOT GO HERE! Went in to try the pho. It started out well, but then, I saw that there was something black in my soup which is unusual. I fish it out, and it's a ROACH! I called the server over and she says, "Sorry! That happens sometimes." She then proceeds to give us the check WITH the roach infested pho on it. Don't go here. Not worth it.For our visit, we had no trouble finding a street parking right outside the restaurant. Staffs were friendly and inviting. 
All the dishes were soooooo good! 
We had:
-Crabmeat and asparagus soup--this was a nice starter. Lightly flavored. Not bland and not salty. Perfectly made in the middle. 
-Bo Luc Lac--the meat was soft, tender and full of juice. Bite-sized potatoes complimented the dish. All sat on a bed of fresh vegetables. This was my fav dish to eat with rice.
-Crab Rangoon--crispy with warm cream cheese and real crab. Hubby loved that the most!
-Lemongrass shrimp--lightly flavored and so wonderful to my palate. 
-Fried Banana--this one is a must try. Just enough of the fried and the banana. It's even better with ice cream!
Overall, I'm content with my experience and the delicious food. Will return soon ^_^Went for lunch. It is in walking distance of Touro. The Uptown location. Anyway, with the lunch special you get egg drop soup, fried rice, and egg roll, and then your main dish. I got sweet and sour chicken. Add a water, and with a $3 tip you can get the sweet and sour chicken lunch with a good tip for under $12. The service was good but you will need to ask for Chopsticks. They have TVs.I love these guys! Usually super fast (but I'm pretty close)! The soups are very good and I think the chicken dishes are delicious. Especially for the reasonable prices! I have it delivered as it is very near my house.Inside the decor is spartan, at best.
I ordered the Clay Pot Fish, which sounded awesome. Instead I got about five pieces of fish floating around in a pool of straight oil, served of course in a metal bowl. No chilies or anything else, just oil. I couldn't even get to the minuscule amount of "sauce" for it was smothered 'neath the fish oil.
My friend ordered the pho, which had to be sent back because it was cold. Apparently, we came in near closing time and they had shut the heater off that kept the broth hot. If that sounds delicious to you, this is your place.
They serve Tsing Tao, and the waitress was friendly. That is what merits the second star.I gotta give my usual intro about having recently moved from Philly and really trying to find some reliable international food that doesn't cost twice what I'm used to paying. 
This place says it's Vietnamese and Chinese, but I ordered Thai. I'm usually wary of places that specialize in too many cuisines. I made a good choice, though. I had the panang curry. It was exactly what I wanted. It could have been a little spicier, but the sauce was good, the chicken was tender, the veggies were fresh, the rice was even exceptional compared to some Asian places I've tried in this town. 
I knocked off a star for price. $13 for chicken curry is just too much for me. But it's also less than I've seen on the menus of places I just refuse to go into, so I guess this is my spot for Thai at the moment.This review is for delivery only...never ate at the restaurant.  
Food came lightening fast...I was starving so the promptness made me instantly happy!  Food was above your standard Chinese delivery fare.  The sauces and vegetables were fresh tasting, not frozeny and/or bottled.  The hubby even said, "this is good," which, for him, is a lot.  I'm a vegetarian, and I had plenty of options.  Awesome - definitely recommend!Good Americanized Chinese food. A good lobster combo value... 34.95 for two lobster with sides. The portions are massive, and tasty. They have ice cream, vanilla and chocolate, nice finish on a meal. Cocktails are pricey tho. 
My waiter was very distracted and had to be reminded frequently however. (One star down).This place sucks.  We ordered food for delivery.  While it showed up faster than the time quoted the food was ice cold.  We had to reheat it ourselves.  I had maybe 3 pieces of chicken in my kung pao chicken.  There was no crab to be found in the crab rangoon.  My bf got chicken and hot garlic sauce which had abt 4 pieces of chicken in it.  They charged us 3 extra dollars each for egg drop soup which is high since most other places charge 1.00.  It was so tasteless and gross that we tried to give it to our dogs who refused to eat it as well.  Will never go here againI'm always suspicious of negative reviews, especially about a place that has so many glowingly good ones. I always think.. this is just an overly critical person with unrealistic expectations. Well, I can only speak from personal experience, but the food that I ATE here sucked. First of all, they brought me garlic sauce chicken when I had ordered the shrimp. Ok fine, human error. I'll eat it anyway. Sadly, it tasted like the worst airport Panda Express faux 'Chinese Food' that I've ever had. I just wish I could stop burping so I wouldn't have to keep tasting it over, and over, and over again.After finishing law school I ate a lot of Chinese food. It was cheap, usually good, and great leftovers. 
During one of my visits at the hospital I was on a clear liquid diet. I read that this place also served pho and I convinced my friend to go grab some and he could eat the good stuff and I would drink the broth.
I an currently on another clear liquid diet, I would rather drink the chicken broth then going back to this place. The pho was bland and so ridiculously priced, and I imagine they are pricing their food knowing that stressed out doctor or an exhausted intern would go there and spend the money.
Not me, says I.Definitely not the best Chinese food but far from the worst. Relatively well priced and the food was pretty good. Ordered a bunch of apps including Cho Cho, Beef Teriyaki and Egg rolls and tried the combination lo mein and rice. All really good!Just felt like Chinese at the moment and decided to try it out. They have the best lomein I've ever had in my life. Just needed to add a little siracha.The customer service was awful.  I placed an order for takeout and ended up with sauce all over my car seat.  I called to complain and was told I should not have tilted the bag and this is why they warn people not to tilt the bag.  A) I did not tilt the bag.  B) I was not warned against this.  I told the lady I didn't tilt it and she told me that wasn't possible.  She told me they do this all the time and there is no way it would spill if I didn't tilt it and then she hung up on me!!  I am appalled that she would assume 100% that there wasn't an error with the packaging and hang up the phone on me.  I am never returning.  Do not waste your money here.August Moon, while not the best Chinese in New Orleans, is certainly above average and the Vietnamese dishes are great.  Super Pho and Gua Cuo.  Don't bother dining in, as the delivery guys for this place are not only quick but fun people to meet.  Make sure to ask for chopsticks if you want them.Pros:
Fast servce
Wide vareity
Decent tableware
Cons:
Bland, Americanized renditions of Vietnamese food
Bland, bland, bland
I miss really good pho. And spring rolls. I'm guessing the clientele that frequents this place are people who don't like spicy, or spices that would be used in any decent Vietnamese restaurant. Or, they live/work nearby. In either case, I was really sad after my meal, especially because we went to see 'The Blind Side' afterward. Dammit - that's just money lost to mediocre all the way around.August Moon is open until 10. They deliver. Their pho is decent. It wouldn't be my first choice, but it was enjoyable.The atmosphere here is nice and it's a convenient uptown location.  I had the vegetarian soup which was DELICIOUS. 
The Pad Thai barely resembled Pad Thai. I know, it's a Chinese restaurant, not a Thai restaurant but it was a general fail. 
The service was the abrupt unfriendly service I often experience in Chinese restaurants.I ordered the spicy garlic chicken. . My first time ordering here. . Had it delivered came on time. .2 beautiful women delivered it:)...it was good flavor. . Fresh veggies not frozen ,definitely will be ordering againTerribly botched delivery. Sauce was everywhere, crab ragu's were burned to being inedible, and they forgot one of the drinks. Years ago they were great! What the hell has happened?I used to really like August Moon. It was close to the house and always very quick. Unfortunately a few months ago, I found a large winged insect suspended in my sweet and sour sauce. After letting the disgust subside over the last few months, we decided to give August Moon another try. Luckily no bugs this time, however there was a large piece of latex glove imbedded in my General Taos. It's safe to say I will be giving up August Moon for good because I am not a big fan of the little extras that have been including in my food. I'd rather make the drive to 5 HapI used to really like August Moon. It was close to the house and always very quick. Unfortunately a few months ago, I found a large winged insect suspended in my sweet and sour sauce. After letting the disgust subside over the last few months, we decided to give August Moon another try. Luckily no bugs this time, however there was a large piece of latex glove imbedded in my General Taos. It's safe to say I will be giving up August Moon for good because I am not a big fan of the little extras that have been including in my food. I'd rather make the drive to 5 Happiness.Nope. $20 for rangoons and pad tai, pad tai had no seasoning and my "crab rangoons" were filled with cream cheese only. If you're wanting cheap Chinese's food this isn't it. Save your time and go to green tea on NapoleonI'm sitting at my desk at work currently eating August Moon's tofu spring rolls.
I was so excited at the thought that I forgot to bring my lunch today and would have to walk a few blocks from work to find food. The spring rolls seemed so promising, especially since I adore Vietnamese food so much.
So it was cheap, like $6 for four decent sized tofu spring rolls, and served quick... but... but... they're sort of.... dry and lacking in something. There is nothing worse than a dry spring roll that tastes like it's been sitting out for a few hours because the rice paper that it's rolled in is already quite chewy, and if not served fresh, can make it REALLY tough and not appetizing. 
Don't get me started about the peanut sauce. You know how much I love a good peanut sauce. Their peanut sauce is DARK BROWN, not enough tang, and maybe too much saltiness.
All in all.... I sort of wish I had just gotten a cup of coffee and a muffin from elsewhere.
Would I go there again? Maybe if I forget my lunch again. Maybe.The food here is always fabulous! We've been going there for over 20 years. The vegetable dishes are always fresh and light. 
This is our favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. Gen Tsao Tofu and eggplant dish are my favorites.2 hour delivery time? Ridiculous on the busiest day of the year, during a hurricane, dodging parade routes, with no other restaurants open-much less a random weekday to a house less than 2 miles away.Ordered delivery online at 9:27pm. The restaurant never delivered the food or called me/grubhub to cancel the order. Now its too late to order from another restaurant.We placed a big order for delivery, which was well packaged and arrived earlier than I was expecting. All portions were larger than I was expecting, also. 
The appetizers were good- steamed pork dumplings and grilled summer rolls. Tasted fresh and had good flavors. 
We were split on the entrees. The Chicken Panang Curry was nicely spicy and very tasty. The vegetables and chicken were oddly large in size but tender enough to cut with a fork. 
The hot & sour soup that came as a side was bright yellow and weirdly sweet. I did not enjoy it but it was full of veggies. 
The Shrimp Pad Thai was not successful. It was very sweet and had no discernible spice to it. The tofu also seemed a little tough. Will probably avoid the thai choices if I order from here again.A standard bearer Uptown. 
Family owned authentic Vietnamese and Chinese food originating from one kitchen. 
They still have the freshest, largest Mai Tais and the best quality Won Ton soup in town .... since the 90s.
Their delivery service is prompt with large steaming portions and a friendly smile.
A classic favorite that only gets better. Popular for decades for good reason.I was coming out of my doctor's office this afternoon, and I could smell the tantalizing scents of greasy Chinese from the parking garage. The smells of this place captivated my attention and lured me through its doors.  
I have eaten here once before, but that happened many moons ago.  I don't remember being entirely pleased or displeased so I figured I will give it another go, hoping this experience would be more memorable.
I ordered the Mongolian beef lunch special, and my order was ready in about 20 minutes.  The wait time was satisfactory as it was during the busy lunch hour.  
The egg drop soup that comes with the lunch special is tasty.  I would probably order this soup alone in the future for a relatively low calorie option.  I would probably ask them to omit the sesame oil if possible as I find that flavor to be overwhelming.  This complaint comes purely from personal preference.
The egg roll is not the greatest.  It tastes like it's at least made in house unlike many of the other surrounding restaurants.  The egg roll is full of cabbage and not much else.  It's at least seasoned sufficiently.
The fried rice is kind of bland.  I didn't pick to upgrade to the pork or shrimp fried rice, so my fried rice basically had eggs and some onions in it.  
The Mongolian beef was tasty.  It lots of scallions and onions to pack a punch.  The fried cellophane noodles on the bottom got quite soggy when I got to the entree, so this dish would probably be better when eaten in their dining space.  The only complaint I have for this dish is that it's too greasy.  I think none of the flavors would have been compromised if the cook used slightly less oil.
I was a bit disappointed that I didn't get to witness any fist fights though.Best chinese food in Uptown.. The food came out really fast if you need a quick lunch meal. I love the padthai and the crispy walnut shrimp. 
Recommend this place to anyone!!I've been to August Moon before and always enjoyed it. Stopped in this afternoon because (a) I had a coupon that was about to expire, (b) I was in the neighborhood, and (c) I'd been in the mood for Chinese food all week (and the supermarket's frozen egg rolls just didn't cut it). My game plan was to have the wonton soup and egg rolls there, and take the Triple Dragon entree home for dinner. 
Wonton soup--Simply the BEST I've ever had anywhere. Most wonton soups contain the wonton and a few pieces of cut up green onions, right? This one had, in addition to the plump wonton, a number of quartered mushrooms (I think shiitake but when I asked all I was told was that they were "fresh", "whole" and "cut-up" which they were ;-]), a generous portion of some sort of greens, and a few small slabs of pork--absolutely delicious! Add to this that, by adding it on to an entree order, it only cost $2.95--such a deal!!
Egg rolls--excellent with lots of small shrimp in them. Very, very tasty. And the sauce that came with them is lite, not the gummy duck sauce of old.
As for the Triple Dragon, looking forward to having it later, but it smells yummy!Nothing amazing, but LOVE that they'll deliver Pho..... (Not overly expensive.)August Moon is always our go to Chinese in New Orleans. Coming from NY, that's saying a lot. Their food is always freshly prepared, properly seasoned, and most importantly they have gotten our very large orders perfectly correct every single time we've ordered. I'd highly recommend August Moon.It's just honest and simple good American Chinese food. I ordered the Saigon Crisp Roll, Veggie Spring Roll, and Honey Chicken. The Saigon was okay. The star of the meal was the Honey Chicken. It was a satisfying savoring and sweet meal that filled me up pretty quickly. The Spring Roll was a really good fresh companion to the Honey Chicken. I will probably order from this place again... I don't know what because their menu is pretty extensive and makes it so hard to choose what to order! I say give yourself about 15 minutes to look over the menu.I attended a birthday dinner here with some friends so I hope my experience is not due to the size of our party, but I have a gut feeling that the service is always as it was last night. (It is Christmas time too, so maybe the server was tired.) That being said, the menu was pretty basic Chinese-Thai-Vietnamese. I ordered the Mandarin Chicken. The crispy skin was fantastic, but overall the dish was one-dimensional and lacked flavor. The server was also quite pushy when she brought an appetizer to the table that no one ordered. She INSISTED that "Someone over here ordered this." So, we just asked her to put it down-someone would eat it. When we came to realize that the appetizer was a miswritten entree order, our friend sat without food for 20 minutes-which yes, I understand happens but neither the appetizer, nor the entree was comped, nor did a manager personally check on her. Overall, the food, atmosphere and service were subpar.It's a place I have as a "plan C". I had to use a whole lot of dark soy sauce to add just any flavor to it.   They are quick though, they are probably as fast as fast food places.I ordered the chef special egg fu yong.  It was pretty flavorless.  My boyfriend got the curry, which was pretty good but nothing to write home about.  The price is decent but they really need to review the menu.  Also, this place has a large vegetarian list.I'm alway looking for a good vermicelli noodle salad or bowl. August Moon hit the spot. Complimented with a tasty fish sauce it was just the response I needed to my regular dental check up. A tall glass of limeade and I was set for the day. It's an unsuspecting spot but the Deco is nice, the bar is full and the menu has enough items to keep you coming back for more. Awesome lunch spot or Vietnamese craving place. Plus it's reasonably priced.I order here when I need a quick fix for Vietnamese food. Granted, it's not the best in town, but it'll do the job when I'm feeling lazy after a long day of work. I always order the pho or the beef and eggrolls on vermicelli noodles. They are pretty skimpy on their food and it's pretty costly considering Vietnamese food is rather inexpensive.
But hey .. they DELIVER .. that's a plus for me!!Not one to complain, but I'll never eat here again.
I ordered a Mongolian beef for take out.
Got home, food tasted unlike any Mongolian beef I've ever had.
While eating I noticed a good size piece of beef that wasn't cut or marinated the same that stood out, I took a small bite.
It tasted like day old reheated steak.
Immediately lost my appetite.This is actually a two and a half star restaurant, but I will just give them the benefit of the doubt and go with three stars.  I've eaten their food twice, and sitting in once.  The place is decent.  Pluses include location, fast/prompt service, a large menu and, yes, a close-by place to get alright  Pho at so-so prices (this can be handy if you have a craving for Pho but you can't go to a good West Bank Vietnamese outlet).  Minuses include mediocre/unremarkable sauced dishes, poor decoration, parking problems and yes, it is expensive for what they offer.  
The sad thing is... if this place was any better, many of us would go there more frequently, only because of its convenient location for those who live and/or work Uptown.  But as it is, it's worth only for take-away meals, or for the much-needed Pho to get over a cold or the flu.Super fast delivery! Pad Thai was delicious, fried rice and crab Rangoon's weren't as good so we didn't eat them. I know they say there is real crab meat in there but they must be using a pinch because it did taste like it was just cream cheese with no crab.Chinese food is usually that: Chinese food.  What makes a place stand apart is the apparent love for the dish.  This place does not have that.  Old grease, the freshness of ingredients was not there.This is a good mix of Vietnamese and Chinese, the lemon grass shrimp is out of this world!A mix of Chinese and Vietnamese food, but all the workers are Vietnamese. 
The inside is nice, seems clean, and is comfortable. But there aren't too many vegetarian options for me. 
The first time I was there I ordered a veg spring roll and they tried to convince me to buy the veg Vietnamese roll instead. I stuck with the spring roll and the one I got had meat in it. They apologized but I had to wait while they made another and didn't get anything else except a "sorry."
There are two poker machines, if that's to your liking.
For the price and the greasiness I wouldn't go back. All my meat eating friends will go there if they have to, but really it's greasy and just disappointing.My husband wanted chinese and I suggested August Moon, because we hadn't tried it before. It was not just not good, it is actively bad. Crab rangoons filled with just cream cheese with no sauce to accompany them.. soup smelled like BO, I couldn't even try it... the sauce for the Saigon egg rolls literally smelled like my dogs ear infection... disgusting... never again. This is literally the worst food I have ever gotten in New Orleans.TASTES LIKE A USED ERASER
I had just thrown away about $40 of inedible slop from LA Thai on Prytania but was still craving Asian. My only nearby option was August Moon because everybody uptown knows that Jung's is the worst Chinese in the city and Green Tea is the worst in the known universe. This place is just marginally better because the food looks tastier, but in actuality it's just as bland and over-priced as the others.
I THREW IT ALL AWAY
After spending $30 on crab Rangoon, house fried rice and sweet & sour chicken...I had a bite of all and determined that not even a cup of Sriracha would resuscitate any of it...so out to the dumpster.
ONE STAR = RECOMMENDED CLOSURE
But this place seems to always be closed anyway. 3 days for Easter? What? Are they Chick-Fil-A? Or maybe they are the uptown equivalent of Royal Pharmacy, Joe's Liquor, Castillo's...I've become a lunch regular at this place. I love it! The staff is always friendly, it's kept spotless, and the food is the best Chinese Food in Uptown. 
The best dishes are Mongolian Beef with Brown Rice, Combo Lomein, and General Tao's Chicken. The vegetables are always fresh and crisp. Even the classics like Shrimp Friend Rice look and taste amazing.I really want to give August Moon a higher rating but I've been very displeased as of late.  It's one of the only Chinese places that delivers in the area, and being from a place where Chinese is what we crave when we're hungry and need takeout, I was excited to find August Moon.  However, despite it saying on multiple aps/sites that they deliver in my area (I'm not far), they continually cancel my order.  I was originally told on a Saturday night that they don't deliver here on busy nights, but then I ordered on a random weeknight twice and still no dice.  I'm disappointed that this is the case.  The $1 delivery fee is enticing but I'd happily pay a bit more if they'd actually take my order!  I did stop in once in person to see if it was worth it, and quite honestly it's decent but not great... But when options are limited you take what you can get.Who doesn't like Chinese? 
I mean there is people who don't but that's not me so let's move on. I pass by every day to get to work but I never stop in for lunch but this time I did. I took advantage of the lunch menu and boy was I surprised. 
You get ALLOT of food like more than enough to bring home later. I order the shrimp fried rice with the honey chicken and did the egg drop soup. Now that soup ooh ooh ooh it just did something to me with the crunchy noodles. The bring a ton like some restaurants where they only have 2-3 its plate full of little smalls ones like a little mountain. 
Now the rice and chicken where okay iv had better rice but it was really good I didn't have to add soy sauce because when I did I noticed it got real salty in that area. That honey chicken was almost perfect. Nicely breaded not to thick or thin you know sometimes you end up with more bread than chicken. This was a nice ratio making for the perfect combo.This long time uptown favorite has lost it's appeal.  Maybe it's the increase of options in the area that have opened me and others to better chinese food but I am no longer a fan.  We most recently ordered take out for lunch.  4 of us ordered different styles of food, and yet, they all looked exactly the same.  Hunan, shrimp & veggies, and kung pao all seemed to have the same lack luster brown sauce and undercooked filler vegetables.  The fried rice was good and the egg rolls were fat and decent but didn't make up for the main course.
Bottom line, with so many great options, I probably won't go out of my way to order here again.I wouldn't say August Moon is a spot that's going to blow your way or knock your socks off. I will say August Moon does the trick. The food is good. Very reasonably priced. 
Very convenient spot if you work at the nearby hospital (which I did) and *need* pho.I get delivery from this restaurant.  They are very quick with deliveries. It usually only takes 20 minutes.  It's one of the few places I can find Mandarin Chicken.  The Mandarin Chicken is really tasty.  Their fried calamari is also wonderful. It's mixed with sautéed peppers and jalapeños.In my constant search to find decent pho and bun without crossing a bridge, I stopped into August Moon which claims in HUGE letters on their sign on Prytania Street to be Chinese AND Vietnamese- IN HUGE letters!! Their menu, however, says otherwise, they are more of a Chinese restaurant with a very few Vietnamese options thrown in, and weakly, and a dollar or more more than my favorite places on the west bank.
I happened to be in the neighborhood for a doctors appointment so we stopped in for lunch and ordered spring rolls and bun (some pretty basic stuff). The spring rolls were filled with overcooked rice vermicelli. Not so surprising then was my bun which was also filled with overcooked rice vermicelli. The grilled meat was flavorful enough, but overall the dish was not as good as most places serving this very basic Vietnamese lunch.
The place had a bit of a weird smell as we entered, which I eventually got used to, but it wasn't a nice smell. The servers were pretty oblivious to our needs as they all sat down at a corner table to eat their lunch. There was no- 'how is everything?' or 'do you need anything else?'. We had to get up and go to the front counter to get a box so as not to disturb the lunch of our waitress.
And, the search continues...Really good food and speedy service. Good menu, good prices. Family owned and you can tell they take pride in what they do. 
I've read other comments about bland food. I've only experienced that on the hyper-Americanized food, but even, to me, it tasted like it should. They have a wide variety. I've never had a bad meal or experience and I've lived in New Orleans all my life.