The food was certainly very very good. Had the muscles for a starter and then the famous lobster ravioli. All very tasty. The service was superb. And the atmosphere was nice. All in all good. 
I can only give 3 stars because it just didn't leave much of an affect on me. Not very memorable. And the price to portion ratio was rather high. I know I might be a little on the cheap side. But I'm willing to pay if it deserves it.
So, was the food good, yes. Would I go back again, sure. But will it be somewhere that I'll have to go to, not really.One of the better of the Brennan clan's joints. Mediterrean meets Louisiana.Really quite wonderful! We just returned from a trip to NO and enjoyed Bacco for the second time. We were in NO in 2003 and stumbled upon the restaurant and were impressed by its fresh ingredients, reasonable wine list and convenient quarter location. As we were looking for an afternoon nibble before catching our flight yesterday, we decided to swing into Bacco again for a quick bite and beer. We sat at the bar and it was clear that they have maintained their high-level of ingredients at a reasonable price (at delicious truffle pasta for $13!?) 
Although not one of NO's "famed" restaurants, it's definitely worth an afternoon lunch (esp if staying in/near the quarter.)Dress code- says dressy but had a mixture of how much.  It seemed more business dress then dressy.  Or maybe that is dressy for people around here?   Either way I think you would be safe in a business dress.  Guys can wear nice jeans and it is not required to have a jacket.
Very crowded.  We had reservations which was a good thing.  They turned away walks ins because they were over booked.  Please note it was also the AAOS meetings going on.  
Starter:
The beet and goat cheese and yummy.  Though it was not exceptional.  The soup was a cauliflower and truffle which was just delightful.  Though my father enjoyed it a lot more then I did.  
Entree:
Loberster raviolis is amazing!!!!!  I enjoy goat cheese and even I was a little hesitate of the idea of it in the raviolis.   However it is very very mild.  The sauce was so light and perfect for the dish.  My father order the bacco shrimp, which do not ask me why because he does not like creole seasoning.  So I ended up trading my wonderful raviolis with him.  It was very different then what I am use to .  Though It was good.  The style is suppose to be  a lot of seasoning and it was.  Also for the woman out there it is messy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    My mother ordered the filet which she loved.  I thought it was just okay and could order it at a outback or black angus.  I think that Mortons, ruth chris, mastro would be more appropriate  for steak.  I am pretty picky when it comes to steak at a pricey place.
The server was very nice and friendly.  I asked about mothers and he even took a survey from the workers if they thought it is worth waiting in line for me.  I did have to remind him for little things such as lemons I wanted for my water which is the only kind of negative thing I could say.  I did not like how close they put the tables but I understand why.Have not been here in a long time.. and finally got to review it.. This was one of my favorite spot after the first time trying..everything was nice, nice atmosphere, nice staff... very delicious food, I do not remember the names of the food, but have posted pictures of them.. I AM VERY SAD THAT THIS ESTABLISHMENT IS NOW CLOSED.. I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO GOING BACK.. SO SAD!Fabulous.  Simply fabulous.  
A couple of coworkers found this wandering around during the days of a tradeshow.  They raved and we went back and had lunch today.  
I had the Shrimp Bacco and someone else ordered the Crawfish Ravioli.  Both were spectacular.  Another person ordered a dish with eggplant that was excellent as well. 
At lunch, they do $0.10 martinis as well.  But we opted for very nice glasses of Pinot Grigio.I came here in July.  Although I did not eat here, the menu sure looked delicious.  The restaurant is housed in the W French Quarter Hotel.  I did try a couplle of their martinis and they were pretty good.  I had my first at the bar, which was small and kind of boring for a W Hotel.  I took my second drink to the courtyard which was very nice.  
I will soon be in New Orleans at the end of the month.  I can't wait, and I will update this review with a review of the food, and yes, their 10-cent martini!One of New Orleans' best kept secrets is dining at the elite restaurants during the weekday to take advantage of their lunch menu.  You get the same top-notch cuisine for around 40% less than what you would pay for dinner...it's a win-win.
Lundi Gras may seem like a Sunday, with all of the revelers in the French Quarter and the hangover that you're nursing....but I realized quickly that it was actually a Monday and that my boyfriend and I should discount dine at of one of the Brennan's establishments.
Bacco gets a hard three due to the waitstaff, otherwise the rating would be 4 or 5 stars because the food was phenomenal.  Lets discuss the waitstaff to begin...yes, it was Mardi Gras and we were adorned with beads and our best purple, green and gold and jeans...I can only hope that is not the reason why we were seated at a two-top that looked like it was for the naughty children (there were other tables available) and our waiter was less than what I would expect from a Brennan's staff member.  The drinks were slow to be delivered also, but above all I cannot stand waiters who portray arrogance...and in New Orleans during Mardi Gras is even more unacceptable.  I digress...onto the exquisite menu choices that were made....
To begin, I was in desperate need of a bloody mary from my two previous days of binge drinking and it was average.  My boyfriend thought it would be fitting to order a Brandy Milk Punch, since his lady friend bears the same name....and the waiter described it as a "hair of the dog" beverage which made it even more suitable for the situation.  The traditional New Orleans pick-me-up was delightful and much like drinking your dessert...I like breaking the rules and having some pre-meal sweetness.  
The two of us are a tag team, making sure to select the best items on the menu to be placed upon our table and in both of our bellies.  He chose the oyster/artichoke soup and I had the soup du jour, which was a nutmeg spiced butternut/andouille soup...both were delicious.  
Another tradition of my good ol' NOLA is the 10-cent martini at lunch, why wouldn't you want to get tipsy for under half a dollar and return to work??  That's why I love my hometown.  We each ordered vodka martinis to accompany our delightful main courses.  He went with the BBQ Shrimp and I had to go with Bacco's famous Lobster Ravioli.  Holy moly ravioli was it decadent!!  The BBQ shrimp were the highlight though...as my maw-maw always said after a spaghetti dinner, "If you're shirt isn't messy then you didn't enjoy your meal!".  Clorox pens were required after we left...and it had nothing to do with the cheap martinis.
There was no room for dessert, although the menu was tempting.  It was time to head to Lafitte's to continue the partying and people watching.  The next time I'm free for lunch, however, I'll head to Commander's for the friendly service and turtle soup....Excellent food and atmosphere -- I recommend the mussels as an appetizer, and the Main Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli and the Gulf Fish (red fish) as entrees. For dessert, the tiramisu was wonderful. We had Gloria Ferrer champagne to accompany our lovely meal and our waiter was friendly, helpful, and attentive. The scene and decor is far more modern than, say, Arnaud's, but equally as inviting and pleasant in its own way. Bound to have a delightful experience here. While it is not necessarily Louisiana-esque, it is an excellent seafood restaurant that successfully takes advantage of the fantastic seafood in this area -- so I absolutely recommend it!this place gets two stars because they had a nice atmosphere.  it was very clean and felt borderline high class.  the bread with garlic butter was really good too.
they get minus one star because the servers/staff were just staring me down when i first walked inside to wait for the rest of our group walking down the street towards this place....no "hello how you doin?" no "how many in your party"....nothin but awkward silence for 3 minutes.
they get minus one star because the food was served essentially room temperature to us.  lobster ravioli was undercooked so the dough was rubbery.  i know what al dente is supposed to taste like and that was not al dente.  my mushroom soup tasted good, but again, it was the temperature of a campbell's soup can that was just pulled from the cupboard and cracked open.
and the get minus one star because i ordered a seared ahi appetizer that had 4 slivers of tuna on a huge plate, mushroom soup, lobster ravioli, and the total came to $80+ for what was essentially substandard quality food.
i will have opportunities to go to New Orleans again in the future, but i will never go to Bacco again, and i do NOT recommend it to anyone.  
there are too many other good restaurants in New Orleans.Definitely the best meal I had in New Orleans. Great calamari appetizer topped off with DELICIOUS lobster ravioli made a filling and satisfying meal. Attentive service and no wait really brought the experience together.
As for dress code, wear a decent shirt, but shorts and/or jeans are ok.Bacco was our first meal in NOLA and the combo of Italian and local cuisine made for a good meal.  This is also a Brennan family restaurant and we made sure to take advantage of the under a dollar martinis that they offer during lunchtime.  The fusion of Italian and Orleans food was to good effect with the fried oysters and fettucini dish.  The lobster raviolis were also a good compliment to lunch.  Bacco can be a little pricey and  they seem to often be busy.  Even for a lunch after 2 we had to wait for a while at the bar.   Personally I think Bacco makes for a good lunch stop when you want some familiar Italian favorites and some cheap 10 cent martinis to start off your afternoon when you are in the Quarter.We had reservations at Bocco and were about 45 minutes late being seated. My Wife my 30yr son and myself all had different orders so we could all try a little of at least 3 meal options. As we waited after our salad and appetizer 35 people came in with 12 to 15 small children. Then the ZOO started.... There was an open dinning room in the back of the restaurant but they chose to set these people with the other dozen diners in the main dining room. THE FOOD WAS AWFUL... COLD.... 
SEAFOOD OVER COOKED..... BEEF BEYOND WELL DONE..... 
WHAT A 200.00 NIGHTMARE..... WISH I HAD HAD A WARNING. 
I could not believe they did this to me, the manager pretty much said Get over it PAL...... I should have contested the bill to American Express
NEVER EVER AGAIN  FOR THE BRENNEN BRO'S.....  1ST TIME SHAME ON YOU 2ND TIME SHAME ON ME.Hubby and I enjoyed a very romantic anniversary dinner here. After four days of eating nothing but creole/cajun cuisine we were really looking forward to something different. Italian sounded great!
We were not disappointed in Bacco. The food was delicious, the service excellent and the ambiance of the restaurant was lovely and romantic. I had the lobster ravioli (my first time trying it anywhere) and I was impressed by the flavors. 
Overall a nice change of pace from the more traditional New Orleans fare.Reasonable price and conveniently located right next to W hotel. Food qualities were tasty but disappointing service to push this up for a 4 star review. I may be biased, because we were just at NOLA the day before.Bacco was a treat.  After a long work day, this was the perfect dinner.
The muscle appetizer was awesome, and the crab ravioli was to die for.  It melted in my mouth and all the complex flavors danced in my mouth.  Hmmmm...I can still taste it if I close my eyes.
For dessert, we shared the red velvet ice cream sandwich - it was so good, my colleague vowed to learn how to make it.Nice place to go for a nice off the strip classy place. Don't let the price stray you the food is wonderfully prepared. My wife went for there homemade Lobster Ravioli but ended up swapping meals for my Lump Crab Lunguini.I was bummed that my flight arrived too late for a dinner, so I arranged my work schedule for a lunch here. A colleague had recommended this as his favorite restaurant in NOLA. And he was right - - this place did NOT disappoint! :) 
As a solo diner, I just ate at the bar area. The bartender Matthew was extremely helpful and genuine about recommending entrees. 
I had a 2-course pasta entree that was divine! The bisque was delicious... the garlic ciabatta bread was mouthwatering... but the pasta was killer! I mean, the sauce.. oh my gosh! SOOO good... There were shrimp (and i'm not a shrimp fan!), basil, onions, artichokes... too, too good. 
The coffee was excellent as well. 
I had business to attend to, so unfortunately I couldn't sample the 10c martini special. :)
Next time I visit, I'll definitely stop here .. and get dessert!!Pretty restaurant at the W hotel. The food was delicious, but I wouldnt recommend this as a great New Orleans restaurant.. this is a restaurant with GOOD food. 
I ordered the mussels that were to die for - and I am NOT a big mussels fan. Also, I ordered their signature lobster shrimp ravioli (that you will notice everybody and their mama's ordered it according to the reviews here). Yes, it is very good - though no need for the cheap caviar on top. 
Also, they have this other signature shrimp dish (dont remember the name, but the waiter will recommend it), I didnt order but the people on the next table did. And it looked pretty awesome!Friends and I were delighted to be immediately seated at Bacco after a twenty minute search for an open table at noon on Saints game day. We enjoyed the ciabatta and chicory coffee that helped tide us over until our meals were served almost an hour later. The food was good, but had been sitting out for several minutes and had cooled. My American breakfast was solid fare with perfect grits and the prosciutto twist on the standard eggs Benedict was delightful. The vegetable pasta arrived congealed and cooled and would not be a re-order. The restaurant may have been expecting us to linger longer than we wanted but the cool dishes were not acceptable. I would visit again, but know to not be in a hurry like we were this visit.Visited Bacco 1/29, about 2/3 full.  Our service was so-so.  Server tried to take away the salad my wife was eating because the entrees were ready.  SO??  Kitchen missed the timing, server tries to make the customer suffer.  She had lobster ravioli as all had raved about it.  Forget about it.  Ravioli pasta was thick, can't find the lobster in the filling, sweet sauce.  It's OK if that is your taste. I had the chef special artichoke and oyster soup, a thin puree with a few artichoke leaves floating and not a trace of oyster in person or flavor.  Disappointing..  The chicken pasta with marinara sauce was fair, if you like diced chunks of tomato in your sauce.  All in all, not a memorable meal and 3 stars is being kind.I've heard great things about this place, so I decided to give it a try. Service was great. Decor was upscale but cozy. I ordered  muscles for starter and  their  famous lobster ravioli. Muscles were delish, lobster ravioli was yummy on the first two bites( it is a bit too heavy for my taste buds). Their price to portio ratio was kind of high. This will be a good place to take that special someone on a date, but that is it.....Overall, 3 stars.i had dinner there with my parents a few weeks ago. it was excellent! we had reservations for 6pm and found the restaurant fairly empty. we were given two menus, the normal one and the 'ciao down' menu [served in the summer between 5.30-7.30pm]. because we wanted to taste a variety of things on the menu, we opted for the 'ciao down' menu. $25 for three courses was a good deal, especially because many of bacco's entrees are $25 or more.
for appetizers, we tried all three. i had the lemon parmesan salad, which was very good and reminiscent of a ceasar salad. my mother had the shrimp and tomato bisque which was AMAZING. 
for an entree, my mum and i had the lobster ravioli which we agreed was probably one of the best things we've ever eaten. sooo perfect, good portion size, nice flavor and texture. though it was rich, it didn't leave me feeling sick afterwards. my dad had the bacco shrimp and liked it a lot.
we tried all three desserts. my dad said the lemon pie was more like a lemon pudding or custard, but my mum loveddd the bread pudding.
service was good, we had two waiters for our meal. everything was perfectly timed so we had a little break in between each course. the shirley temples were excellent as well.Made reservations on short notice for 6:30 on a Saturday and had no problems getting a table for 6.  The restaurant is almost hard to find due to the understated outside.  Walking inside, you are greeted by a very low light, beautiful set of rooms with high ceilings reminiscent of a couple of Boston's North End Italian restaurants.
The place is very clean, with a staff that is wicked attentive and polite.  I wish other restaurants of the same caliber could take an example of how to treat customers from these guys.
The food was excellent.  Fresh pasta, great taste.  My chicken dish could have used a little more seasoning, but I'm glad they didn't try to overdo everything.  The portions were good sized and not too big for a single meal.  Their crab cake appetizers were wonderful.
Simple menu, simple wine list, and everything about the place said understated and classy.  If I'm in New Orleans again in the future, I'll definitely take a trip to Bacco and enjoy a relaxed, tasty meal in a gorgeous setting.good food, good value, good location, good service.  it didn't make my eyes roll back in my head, though, so i give it four stars.
i went here for weekday lunch.  i arrived around 1:30 p.m. and found the place about half-empty, so i was seated immediately.  i ordered one of their pasta sets -- fried oyster fettuccine with a lemon/herb salad.  the salad was really good -- crisp romaine, just a hint of lemon (not overpowering), freshly sliced parmigiano-reggiano cheese, and light/fluffy croutons with a hint of garclic.  the fettuccine was also good, but the pasta was overdone and it tended to "clump" together (for lack of a better way of describing it).  it didn't ruin the dish, which was actually quite good, but i was sort of frustrated that each time i took a forkful of noodles i had to wiggle the fork around in order to get half of them to fall off!
also had a glass of dolomite sauvignon blanc, which was good and crisp -- a nice complement to the meal.
all around, i had a good experience here.  like i said -- four stars (no eye rollage, so no fiver here).Excellent service, great wine selection and if you go for lunch during weekdays. 10 cent martinis with the purchase of a lunch entree!
Great job on the decor inside.  A little more upscale than most places in the area, dress accordingly.Went there for lunch.  Pricey food that was underflavored.  However, we did eat at the bar and their menu was different than the table menu.Ok, head's up - the service is slow.  Our dinner for 6 people took 3 hours.  That's a little excessive.  BUT - the food was really, really good.  
The roman garlic bread was a new twist on the old favorite, and I loved my Roasted Chicken and Stracci entree.  The menu description of the pasta actually doesn't do it justice - the pasta are triangular pieces with spinach and tomato flavoring, and were cooked perfectly.  I absolutely cleaned my plate, but still managed to share in the tiramisu we ordered for the table - which I'm really glad I did, because it was DELICIOUS.  
I'd say it's average priced for a nice Italian restaurant, and the atmosphere in the restaurant was warm and social.  I just wish the service had been a little faster.The great thing about Bacco is that it is adjacent to the W Hotel. There is nothing more convenient than rolling out of bed and wandering across the courtyard into the Bacco's bar area for a Bloody Mary. The bar keep made my Bloody just the way I like it; Tomato-y with tons of olives and those ever-so wonderful pickled green beans. Mmm.
As we sat and waited for our table, we noticed the restaurant was completely dead. Which was puzzling as to why the host had us waiting for a table for what seemed to be an eternity. We finally were seated by the window over looking...well, New Orleans' finest restoring a run down building across the way. The view wasn't mesmerizing, but I did spot an Abe Lincoln picture which looked kinda cool next to the graffiti. 
Our waitress was the Crypt Keeper...no, no she wasn't, but boy was she harsh on the eyes. Imagine an 80 year old haggard woman with a severe smoker's voice, frizzy Ginger hair, and wrinkly liver-spotted hands with dingy-yellow nails SERVING your food. Don't get me wrong; she was a damn good waitress. But I just couldn't help looking away every time she came by to top off our water or ask how we were doing. I know, sounds shallow of me -- but I would feel the same if my grandmother was still alive. "Sorry, Abuelita. Comb your hair, don't breathe on me and wear gloves before you serve me any food."
The food was DECENT. I expected a similar menu to the Jazz Kitchen in Anaheim, CA (Ralph Brennan restaurant), but was pleased with the variety. I can't recall the name of the dish I had, but it was mini pasta O's with tomato sauce and sausage. I also had the calamari (topped with feta cheese) and a salad. The meal was under $20 - which was a plus. Everything was fine as far as taste is concerned.
The restaurant itself is clean but a little cold. Not warm and welcoming at all. I probably would have been better off eating at the bar. I would've had a much better view (alcohol bottles galore) and my way with the olives and pickled green beans!I was here with five other friends (all but one of them Yelpers!) for some day-after-Thanksgiving revelry.  As others have mentioned, the food was slow to arrive (about an hour between the time we arrived and the time we got our entrees) and it was on the pricey side, BUT the redeemer of all meals was their lunch special:  10 cent martinis with lunch entree order.  Whoa!!  Really?!?  I couldn't believe it, and I knew you wouldn't either, so I took a photo and I'm posting it here.  Of course, I had to partake, and the martinis were strong and delicious.  I knew I was in New Orleans for sure when I was being encouraged to have a martini with my lunch...surely this is the only place in the universe where a martini costs less than a bottled water!
Fortunately for Bacco, the basically free martini put us in a mellow frame of mind while waiting for our food to arrive.  The crusty French bread they served up beforehand helped, too - delicious, especially when slathered with their garlic butter, which was pretty damn wonderful.  Mmmm, carbs.  I couldn't stop eating it, which was particularly dangerous given the length of time it took for us to get our entrees.  
I had the lobster ravioli ($17.95) and loved it.  The portion looked a little small when it arrived, but it was rich and filling, and the caviar garnish made the whole thing feel and taste absolutely decadent.  I also tried the mussel appetizer.  The mussels were fresh and tasted truly ocean-y, which could be a good thing or a bad thing, depending on how you like your mussels.  Hubby got the Shrimp Bacco ($15.95), which was shrimp made in a very flavorful brown sauce made of beer, Creole seasonings, garlic and butter.  It was a little strong for my liking - I thought the lobster ravioli beat it, hands down.
Parking is really hard to find around this area (at least, it was the day we were there) - fortunately, Bacco validates parking at the W hotel next door.
Not a bad place for a nice meal in the French Quarter, so long as you have some time to cool your heels and they're offering the 10 cent martini special!In my top 5 favorite restaurants and I always try to come back every time I come to New Orleans.  
I've been here several times (including one time when they were serving a buffet for construction companies shortly after Katrina) and have always left satisfied.  The only dish I've noticed that has varied was the lobster ravioli which is supposed to be their signature dish.  They used to have a special of 3 appetizers and a glass of wine for $25.  Worthwhile if you have a group and want to really sample a lot of decadent smaller plates.  Still, just about any choice is great.  
The martinis are pretty much straight gin or vodka. I don't like either, but they're 10 cents if you're in the mood.  I was on an awkward double date for lunch there once and really tried to down them to no avail.
If you want to pay a little bit less, most of the main dishes are about $5 cheaper at lunch too.
Have always had great service, consistently better than any of the other Brennan's outfits.  Try to get a table on the right side of the front, by the windows facing Chartres Street, much nicer than the bar area or back room.  If you want, they also will serve food in the W courtyard.We went for lunch, where most of the entrees are $16-22. But I highly recommend the lunch specials for just $15! There are four entrees to choose from plus a soup (choice of two). The artichoke oyster soup was very good, though by NOLA fine dining standards it didn't wow me. My entree was very original and pretty good -- Confit duck & capellini. It was served with fresh ginger, orange, radicchio, and green onions. Awesome, except the capellini was a hair overcooked. I also got the famous 10 cent martini (vodka or gin, on rock or not, twst or olive). Yes i said that right 10 CENT MARTINIS!!! the best deal in town for Happy Hour and a lovely atmosphere.
Oh and don't come here dressed casual!Wow
That about sums up the food here - it really is THAT good.
Appetizers and dinner were beyond excellent and so was the service. I'm sure dessert would have been great, but we skipped it. I want to plan another trip to New Orleans just to eat here again.We were in town for my birthday and I had to choose a place for a group of 6 to go. I wanted something nice and not necessarily one of the traditional N. O. spots.  I had dragged my feet all the way up until about 3 hrs before between a handful of places including this one. So, at probably 5:30 on Thurs afternoon I was able to book this place last minute via Open Table and we were set. haha 
We had reservations for 830, got there at like 832 and we were seated promptly. The waitstaff immediately attended to us.  We debated over the wine menu but my boyfriend and I opted out since we were considering the 5 course Surf & Sparkle with the champagne pairings.  
It was my birthday so my beloved and I splurged and each got the 5 course menu with champagne pairings. I admit I still prefer crab to lobster traditionally but I wasn't going to say no to a 5 course lobster meal!!  And really at $90 with what ended up being 5 very good size glasses of champagne it was worth it!!
Service I felt was spot on as far as being attentive and prompt. We had our first course very quickly and each course came out very timely. And I never had an empty glass of champagne. At one point I think I had 2 glasses because they were bringing me my new tasting right before they served my next course!!  
First course was the lobster sliders. OMG!! I don't normally like cold lobster type salads. I hate potato and macaroni salads.  But this was sooo good. The bun they used was warm and toasted. The lobster filling delicious!! The mustard on the side was pretty strong; little went a long way but I didn't need it anyway. The little salad was the perfect amount and the sun-dried tomatoes were amazing.   
The bisque we had next was quite good though the piece of lobster claw with it was just alright. But again I admit I prefer crab to lobster. 
Out came the Ravioli. I am not sure if this was the exact same that is on their regular menu as that is lobster and shrimp but it looked the same as our friend also got it.  But I could be mistaken. I had mixed feelings about the ravioli. Some bites were just awesome and some were off. My bf thinks it was because there were sooo many flavors going on that sometimes you'd get a little too much of one thing or the other to throw off the delicate balance.  I think my raviolis were also a tad too al dente and could have cooked a smidge longer, not too much but a tiny bit.  And once my palate adjusted to the flavor explosion going on I think that helped as well. Or maybe it was just the 3 glasses of bubbly numbing me. haha 
By this point I was beginning to feel stuffed but we still had our main course to eat!!!  They put the lobster in front of me and I think I may have even said I needed a bigger stomach. haha  It was veryyyyyy good. Crab lump was awesome.  And the truffle butter around it. YUMMM  Of course again at this point I had 4 glasses of champagne so I was feeling great!!!  
Now came the disappointment.  The dessert was just well not good. It was some sort of orange cream panacotta with a gelatin with whole blueberries in it. Definitely NOT something I'd order any other time. I would have killed for some chocolate dipped strawberries to go with my champagne!!  Thank god the last glass was really good because it had to make up for the dessert. Everyone else's looked good and they said tasted great. I know why they did it. It was light, cleansing, yada, yada. But skip it and give me chocolate. haha  I actually waivered about even ordering the 5 course meal because the dessert didn't even sound good. I live for and will probably die because of sweets. haha
My boyfriend did order the Bacco Coffee. And I hate coffee but it was really good. I drank a several gulps of it. Or maybe i was just jonesin' for chocolate. haha
The champagne tasting choices were decent. First 2 were just sort of ok but got better with each course or maybe I just got more drunk. haha
Anyway...I would definitely go here again if it was in Austin. And waivered between 4 or 5 stars. We actually closed down the restaurant but they were very hospitable about waiting on us to leave. We never felt rushed. hahaI was part of a party for a rehearsal dinner. We had limited menu choices since it was a party table, but everything - from start to finish - about Bacco was exceptional. The party captain, Suzie, was funny and friendly and explained the menu selections perfectly. Her assistant was attentive and professional and friendly, too. Wine and cocktails were served spot-on and table service was exceptional. The food was amazing, and the dinner was topped off with some of the best bread pudding with bourbon sauce I have ever eaten (this was the real deal, folks - not some soggy concoction with caramel and raisins!). It's a beautiful restaurant that does right by it's food and the Brennan's name.Overall good dining experience in an upscale restaurant marred by a matre d' who seemed to have skipped his meds. When I joined my party waiting at the bar, I asked him how long it would be to which he replied, "as I already told Bob (the person who made the reservation), I will seat you as soon as I can!" I didn't doubt that: I was just trying to get a sense of how long that might be. My associate tried to pull me back from pursuing this any further to avoid him spitting in our dinners or something later. He eventually came to his senses as we were about leave after being tired of waiting. He was appoligetic and accommodating for seating etc. Trying to overcompensate??? Anyway, food was good as was the service.Another restaurant that is great for expensed trips.  The service was a bit slow but the food was great.  I think it was my favorite dinner restaurant in New Orleans.  After eating at K Paul's, I found this much lighter.  I had the Red Fish and found the portion size to be just enough.  I even had room to eat my dessert.  All my colleagues got a dessert from the menu and we all sampled each and every one of them. The Ice Box pie was the best.If I were basing most of this review on the service and the vibe in the restaurant, they would get three stars. We were in a very large group though and I know it is difficult to handle so I'm giving them some slack.
The tables I have to say for the 50 or so of us were set up poorly. If you were the poor bastard that tried to go to the bathroom before entree you were screwed.
The atmosphere was simple. Traditional Italian kitchen arches, not much art.
We had a preset meal so I am not sure how everything else is on the menu but the selections we had were good. The housemade buffalo mozzarella caprese salad was perfect. The cheese was more firm than normal buffalo but I liked it. The pesto had a touch of creole flair in it too it seemed.
I can't even remember what my entree was other than shrimp with the heads still on, white fish and asparagus underneath. It was tasty but not something I obviously wanted to write home about. I didn't see it on their main menu so I can't really divulge more than that.
The Tiramisu was perfect! I am usually not a fan of the fluffy Italian dessert but it was well received by everyone in the group.
The wine service was a bit lacking but they might have had direct orders not to let us go crazy (restaurant people, you know how we can be).
Probably one of the best things about this place is the adjacent patio lounge to the W hotel outside their doors. It is BEAUTIFUL. Enjoy dinner here, grab a cigar (if you choose so) and go watch the W windows and chill with cocktails and friends.I went here for a fancy dinner out will partying in New Orleans for Mardi Gras. 
Food: A tad pricey but it was still good. I had the poached scallop appetizer, which only came with three scallops (disappointing) but they were delicious and tender. I had the filet mignon as an entree and thought it was tender and a good size, it was not really rare, the way I had ordered it, so minus one point for that. I like my meat rare and it was way too brown on the outside and not nearly as red on the inside as it should have been. Nicely seasoned though.
Atmosphere: Cozy, rather dimly lit place that would be great for a date. Real table cloths and a nice place setting. Nice decorating. 
Overall: A bit overpriced for what they offer but still a nice place to go to if you want something a little upscale.This was the best bowl of mussels in town.  I had the most perfect redfish in 2005 after katrina when most restaurants were still closed.BACCO is simply delicious.
It's an Italian Restaurant with New Orleans flair. It's a nice, upscale restaurant in which to have a romantic dinner or a business lunch. It really covers all occasions. I once had a birthday lunch there too.
The food there is delicious. Everyone raves about the Lobster Ravioli, and they are quite good, but my favorite just has to be the BACCO Shrimp. It's their own take on New Orleans-style BBQ shrimp; and they are simply delicious. I have gone back for the shrimp countless times. It is my favorite thing on their menu.
If you're looking for dessert, I suggest the Lemon ice box pie. Cool, refreshing, sweet and tangy all at the same time, all in a delicate crust. I love it!
Don't forget they have the 2 course lunch deal and the  10 cent Martinis at lunch with the purchase of an entree. 
As if you needed another reason to have those 3-Martini Lunches.Very comfortable space - open and airy.  Diverse crowd; likely most from out of town.  Lunch menu a bit on the heavy side if you are indulging later - it could use few lighter choices.  Good service willing to work with you (adding chicken to salad).Dressed code a bit enforced,. 
A nice bar where you can hang out in before the full party arrives. Fully stock bar and loved my goose and soda with lime 
Provided us with a big plate of bread and loved the garlic butter that was provided.
Ordered the lobster shrimp ravioli,. Topped with crab meat. The entree looked so small when it came, but I was stuffed, loved how the ravioli was drenched in a creamy buttery sauce and loved how every cut I made ,. Lobster meat came gushing out.  I def will be back for this dish.
I was so full, I couldn't order any dessert,. But my coworkers ordered the ice cream sandwich and you can share this with at least 3 people. 
Bacco,. I enjoyed my dining experience here and will be back!The Chow Down at Sundown deal is an absolute steal!  Three courses for $25...you can't beat that in one of the top booked restaurants in New Orleans.  I started off with the Lemon Parmesean Salad which was nothing special.  It was as minimal as a salad can get.  The saving grace of this meal was the Chicken Stracci: Pulled chicken, spinach, basil, pasta rags, tomato sauce.  It was warm and savory and I loved how much pulled chicken there was.  For dessert, I had a couple bites of my Lemon Ice Box Cake. I was excited to try it since I had seen it on several menus in the city...However, it tasted just like key lime pie, but lemon. Again, nothing special.  Along with out desserts, we ordered Mr.Ralphs Ice Cream Sandwich, which we head was good.  The concept was cool...pieces of moist cake stuffed with strawberry ice cream...but the ice cream was a little too icey and not enough flavor. I tried my friend's Ultra Chocolate Panacotta and wished I had gotten that beauty instead. Bacco is good, but not great.  I wouldn't completely boycott the restaurant all together, but I would research other Italian restaurants before returning. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auZbZhgtKOppjDEikrIeNw?select=P1Gxw4RBLe1qCd_2B8VgEQ
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auZbZhgtKOppjDEikrIeNw?select=tu1zR-BeP7XRsWPcqK3Xbg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auZbZhgtKOppjDEikrIeNw?select=UyPDgKqMjxb-EHsVZBYrUg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/auZbZhgtKOppjDEikrIeNw?select=HpZLSSI9rE1eeC-vBKu2uAFortunately for us, Bacco, an Italian/Cajun restaurant, was located at the W hotel-French Quarter, where we were staying. We started off with a beautifully seasoned calimari topped with feta cheese, next, we shared the chef's lunch special (2-course pastachio-strawberry vinegarette salad and cheesey crab meat lasagna), and finished with Mr. Ralph's Ice Cream Sandwich. Ice cream sandwich? I always lick plates when I get strawberry ice cream sandwiched between two hunks of chocolate gingerbread and drizzled with chocolate sauce and strawberry jam placed in front of me. Don't you?
There are probably better places in NOLA, but it's definitely worth stopping off at Bacco for the ice cream sandwich!My review on Bacco is definitely bias. I've been here 3 times and ive ordered the lobster ravioli every single time. But, its THAT good that i'm giving it a 5 stars. I'm also getting married at the W next year  with my reception being held at Bacco, so i obviously really like this place! Other menu highlights are the Parmesan salad and the red velvet cake dessert. But really, i could eat the lobster ravioli all day every day!Fancy shhhmancy lobster ravioli!  They aren't skimpy with the lobster at all.  I also tried the herb pork tenderloin.  It was delicious!  The service and food are excellent.  Keep in mind this is place is a little more pricey than most dives around.We just hosted our wedding at Bacco this past weekend. Chef Chris really did an AMAZING job cooking for our 70 guests in the private skylight dining room. Everybody was raving about the food- and i think im the only bride in history that left her own wedding stuffed because i insisted on taking time to eat the food! The highlight for me was the gorgonzola mashed potatoes. We also served a crab cake, creole caprese salad, BBQ shrimp and filet mignon, and praline bread pudding. Would love to do that meal ALL over again and then some!!!
The service was excellent and planning an event here was a complete joy thanks to Aimee Mccarron, their sales manager. We look forward to many happy returns to Bacco!!!don't bother.  Food is TERRIBLE!  the decor is nice but the food is TERRIBLE!  I don't even want to give it a star but yelp is making me give at least one...that's how bad it was!First, I must admit that I have never had a worse experience trying to get healthy food in a city before.....but I knew that when I went there.  I just didn't think it was going to be that bad.....it was.  When I called Bacco to make reservations and determine if they could accommodate my diet (essentially no meat, no dairy, no egg, some fish), they replied that everything they cook has at least butter and egg.  However, they were gracious enough to accommodate by preparing a special plate that consisted of seasoned rice and sautéed vegetables (i.e., the all too common solution).  The food was good; but after a few days in NOLA, I have determined that these folks didn't need Katrina to do 'em in.....the food is sufficient.I took wife down to N.O. for her birthday for a short weekend.
Our last evening we started walking to find a nice place for a birthday dinner. Most of the restaurants she would like were booked. He hostess at K'Paul's suggested Bacco. After telling the hostess there "Murphy" of my wife's birthday, said she had a table for us and sat us. Our waiter ERICK was very accommodating. If we had been a little more hunger, we would have taken Erick's suggestion on the 5 part Lobster dinner special. He described it so well,  was tempted but too full to take it.
The Red fish special with combination peppers was fantastic. The wine suggestion was paired perfectly. 
The restaurant was very nice with a wonderful atmosphere. 
Last  dinner in town was a fantastic ending to a great weekend.I went to Bacco with a group of 5 people total on a Friday evening around 8 p.m.  We'd just arrived in town for Mardi Gras and wanted to kick off the weekend with some delicious food in a classy restaurant.
When we arrived at Bacco reservation-less, we expected to wait but were seated in only a few minutes, which was a pleasant surprise.  The restaurant itself is quite large for a French Quarter place, so I think they have enough space to accommodate any dinner-time rushes.  We were given water and menus and the waiter started to reel off the nightly specials...
...when suddenly a GIANT COCKROACH sprinted across the floor, ran up and over the waiter's shoe, did a little dance under our table (causing myself and the other girl to give embarrassing little screeches of shock and instantly lift our feet up off the floor), then proceeded to zip around the immediate area while the waiter stood there open-mouthed.  He choked out a fragmented apology, said he'd never seen that before, and excused himself, presumably so he could go talk to his manager to see what he should do.
While he was off getting marching orders, one of the men of our group decided that he'd better do something about the situation, because the cockroach had taken up residence under our table and us girls were severely disgusted.  He bravely slew the vermin and left its broken body near the head of the table; we didn't know what to do with it.  When the waiter returned, he offered to take us to another table, but we demurred; after all, the damn thing was dead!  The cockroach's body stayed where it was for the remainder of our meal.
For the cockroach, I'll remove one star; it's not something I'd expect to ever see in a classy restauarnt, but hey, it's the French Quarter during Mardi Gras, I'll cut them some slack.  But the other two stars were lost as a result of purely shoddy service.
After ordering our salads, I decided to order a glass of wine while ordering my entree.  Our salads came... our entree came... and finally, after I was more than halfway done with my Lobster and Shrimp Ravioli (which was delicious!), my wine finally came.  This was after several reminders to our waiter.  Our water cups frequently stood empty, which is not a forgivable offense especially when we had to ask for more water several times.  We were offered a refill on bread about midway through our meal, which we eagerly said yes to; this bread never materialized and we sadly gave up on it when the waiter brought us our check.  However, I do like to be left mostly alone while I eat, and this wait staff was great about not bothering us... however I think that was more due to their incompetence and less due to any attempt to help their guests better enjoy their meal.
After our meal, our waiter asked if we wanted dessert, and we all replied that we were full.  He then said that because of the cockroach incident, he had been authorized to offer us one dessert for free.  Are you kidding me?!  We just told you we weren't hungry, first of all, so you should probably think of something else; second of all, what kind of manager do have, that he's authorized you to give ONE dessert for FIVE people?!  But that was the meager offering to make us feel a little better about the gooey crushed body that was STILL lying next to our waiter's foot.
At the end of the night, we requested separate checks, and at our waiter's request, let him know once again what we'd each had; yet he still managed to charge the wrong meals to the wrong credit cards, which meant we had to wait 10 minutes while he corrected that error.
I suppose I should say something about the food:  It was good.  It was what I expected to get, for the price.  The flavors were excellent and unique but it didn't make me want to sing it from the rooftops.
Personally, I won't be returning to Bacco; it just wasn't good enough to warrant that.Yum!!  The food here was fabulous, and our waiter (Rich) was right on with offering suggestions.  I had the Bacco shrimp, and my friend had the lobster/crab ravioli.  The flavors of both were fantastic!  I also highly recommend the lemon salad.I've dined here a few times by now so a review is long overdue!
First off, by default, not veggie friendly!  It's a finer dining establishment and caters to New Orleans inspired cuisine - food stuff obviously not veggie-centric!
That being said, Bacco is really great about accommodating vegetarian/vegan request.  Now, their creations and substitutions won't render a dish comparable in superior deliciousness as their default menu items, but they do give a good go at it.
The Mistra salad (not sure if they rotate their salad offerings), is easily veganized and still very very tasty!  However, salads are usually pretty easy to veganized, I should suspect - so you'll always have that option as a vegan. 
The last time I dined here, they offered a Lent menu and the second courses just all happened to be vegetarian dishes so I opted for all three of the second course options, sans cheese.  They were pretty freaking yum.  I'll upload photos in a little bit, but it was an array of cucumbers, beets, finely diced vegetables  with accentuating sauce - all freshly prepared and delicious and delicate-tasting.  The portions of course, were modest, but since I greedily filled up on bread dipped in olive oil (whoops), I was pretty satisfied.   
The other two times I've dined here, the chef/kitchen staff just whipped up the usual roasted myriad of veggies with faint flavoring.  Not exactly worth the price they charge, but it was a modest attempt and surely edible (and healthy!).  It was ample enough so that I was actually pretty satiated, but it was of course, nothing exceptional.  
The wine selection is expansive and awesome.  The specialty drinks are all very delicious - haven't had one yet that disappoints.  
Overall, not a very vegan/vegetarian friendly restaurant in terms of their default menu.  They'll gladly whip something up for you, but it likely won't knock your socks off.  Thankfully the last time I dined there, I scored!I have to mimic Meredith K's review: WOW.
Seriously, I loved everything about this place. It was only 1.5 blocks from the Omni Royal Orleans so even after 7pm, being a single gal, it wasn't a bad little jaunt. Though I only ordered to food "to go", I enjoyed my time at the fab little bar sipping the best Grey Goose Citron cosmo I have ever had. The lobster ravioli were amazing - I am tempted to go back and order another helping. Home-made pasta is the best stuff on earth and the champagne butter sauce was a bit sweet, I think there was some passion fruit in there. For dessert I ordered the extreme chocolate panna cotta. It's not smooth like panna cotta I am used to but that's probably b/c of the teeny tiny cocoa nibs. Truly phenomenal dinner - just wish I had been able to enjoy it there with my sweetie but alas travel for business always has a catch!This is more of a epitaph than a review. 
I was lucky enough to enjoy lunch at Bacco on their last day. Yes, After years in the French Quarter, Bacco has closed its doors and will reopen somewhere in Metairie sometime in late 2011. 
According to those at the W Hotel, Commander's Palace will be opening a French Quarter location where Bacco was, while keeping their current location in the Garden District open. So, while I'm sad that Bacco has closed, I'm excited about the new Commander's Palace opening up in its place. 
The food on the last day did not disappoint as I walked away having a phenomenal meal accompanied by a .10 cent martini... Although Metairie isn't far, I never have a rental car when coming to NOLA... so for me, this was likely my last meal there. 
So long Bacco... I hardly knew ya!I'm not a Brennan's fan, and this menu bored me.  Too expensive:  you know you're paying for something other than what's on your plate.We just came back from NOLA and one of the nights we had dinner at Bacco and the lobster raviolis is what I ordered and I was not disappointed! It was one of the house specials and I can see why not too rich just the right touch so it's not too "fishy" I really enjoyed it.
The only part of the meal that was disappointing to me was the dessert it didn't seem that they had that great of a selection - we settled for cream cheese ice cream in red velvet cake (sounds good, right?) it wasn't and that ended the meal on a "uuuckkk" note.