I've been to this place three times in the last month, so to say I'm a fan would probably be an understatement. 
The restaurant itself is simply designed, small and has a decent location just next to Cooter Brown's. This is not a place you need to get dressed up to come and dine, however the food is delicious. 
I highly recommend the Tom Yum soup as well as the Pad Thai and Drunken Noodles. When I'm craving thai food that is authentic, affordable and delicious, Bangkok Thai is my go-to place. The service is always excellent and the people that work there are very pleasant. 
More Tom Yum please.I was greeted by a friendly lady we sat down & ordered our food. The food was excellent! There was a slight mix up with the food we ordered but it was handled with no problem at all! I will definitely come back when I come back to New Orleans!Deeeeelicious. 
Finally found a good, authentic, Thai papaya salad.  The green curry (my favorite dish) is wonderful. 
Their portion sizes are perfect and their prices are lower than other Thai places in the city. 
I don't know why I haven't been here in such a long time; that's about to change.Second-best Thai in New Orleans.  Busy for lunch.  The noodles are always tasty and filling, everything else can be a miss if the kitchen isn't keeping up."Best Thai in the city?" Really? I suppose if this was the only thai you've had in the city that could be a true statement. I've eaten at every thai restaurant in town and I'd have to rate this as probably the worst. I live just a few blocks away, so out of convenience I've eaten there a lot and have tried most things on the menu, but the only thing I can stomach there is the Pad Thai. And even that is just so-so. 
The atmosphere is one step above a cafeteria. 
The service on the other hand is great. They are so warm and friendly there I hate to rate their food so low. But unfortunately, good service doesn't make up for mediocre food.Just ate the pad cashew and it was delicious.  Super fresh veggies & the tofu was extra yummy.This is REAL Thai!!  The food is great.  I love selection of the menu.  I could eat the Tom Yum soup every single day. Great curry, great  phat thai, yummy salads........very good and authentically Thai all the way!
I must admit that I am a Thai food snob.  I've spent time in Thailand and can't stand crappy versions of my favorite dishes.  This place does not disappoint.Unfortunately it was the worst Thai food I've had in the city. Maybe it was because the restaurant was crowded so they were busy? I won't be returning.My man ordered the Pad Kee Mow (beef) & it smelled bad & tasted weird...he got a side of rice to mix so it can have some kind of texture. I ordered the Spicy Eggplant & it was GREAT! I don't know about the Pad Kee Mow though...
Also, they gave us wine/champagne glasses with ice & a canned lemonade (we were dining in)...it doesn't seem bad but just be careful what you order because it may not be what you were expectingNice atmosphere and decor,  the staff are exceptionally eager to please which is nice.  The spring rolls were good.  We had the Tom Kah soup which we asked if it was sweetened and we're told no.  When it arrived it was so sweet we could have had it for dessert.  Being sensitive to sugar we had to return it but they suggested options that were unsweetened.  Which was very helpful.  I look forward to trying other menu items in the future.This place is a Thai restaurant that has everything on the menu an American Thai restaurant should, and it doesn't screw anything up. If it were any other city with a decent amount of Thai places, it wouldn't be that exciting. But it's in New Orleans. So this place probably has the best Thai in the city. It satisfies my craving for Pad See Ew, spring rolls and tofu veggie stir-fry.A couple of us went here because it was highly regarded by friends and because we desperately wanted to find a Thai place that we would love.  I have two words for this place CAT SHIT! My food came and immediately we were all thinking the same thing, my food smelled AWFUL.  Their food wasn't much better and we needless to say will NEVER go back!Best Thai in the city. Order the house pad thai and add a touch of the spice on the table and you're in heaven. I would tell you about the rest of the menu but I really never get around to ordering anything else.Omgeee! I love this place! The food is authentic and fresh! Their house pad Thai is just the correct amount of sweetness and kick! Love it! And our waitress Colleen was so sweet and cute! 5 stars!!!!!i decided to try this place today. they got my togo order wrong. i ordered veggie noodles and the food they gave me had meat in it (and no veggies) When i called and nicely stated that i think i got the wrong food i was told that my food didn't have meat in it. i was told that what i thought was meat was probably vinegar.  vinegar?  really? so dont eat there unless you want chunks of vinegar in your food.  but reall,y im looking at it and its meat.  i still dont have dinner but im out  17 dollars, cuz im nice and i tip.Love it! This is probably the best Thai food in the city. I usually get the house pad thai with both shrimp and chicken and my girlfriend gets the spicy eggplant. Well spiced and very very tasty. Kind of a grungy looking establishment but they more than make up for it with the food.I adore Bangkok Thai for their consistent food & polite service. Do yourself a favor and get the duck red curry (I had it with the skin on): melt-in-your-mouth amazing.Bangkok Thai is good, but not that good. There are plenty of other Thai places in New Orleans with better food and service. The food was good, and came out quick which is great too, but the service is just eh. We were seated and served drinks promptly but never were checked up on during our meal, and our check was brought over by a completely different server than before. They also serve their soda out of cans which I didn't particularly like either, I only didn't mind because I knew it would be a fresh crisp drink.
Anyway, the food was good not great, the portions were averaged sized, enough to take home a small doggy bag if you don't eat everything at once but isn't the traditional heaping plates of food. Both me and my friend got the Pad Thai which we was a safe choice for us being at a new restaurant.
I might give Bangkok Thai another go, but it'll depend on what other restaurants are open or not.On the quest for decent pad thai in the city? Don't venture here. Very watery and not spicy.  Also was loaded with baby corn and other veggies that do not belong in pad thai! Could not even finish my entree. The cucumber salad did not even look appetizing, as it was soaked in "seasoned water."  Will not be returning.  Still on the quest for the best pad thai, though!Since moving in the area, this is my go-to Thai restaurant! They also recently renovated so that's great also! First off, must tries here are the Fried Calamari, Papaya Salad (acquired taste and can be quite spicy so be careful!), Tom Yum soup (the best ever!!), Pad Thai, Drunken Noodles, Masaman Curry, Basil Fried Rice (def one of my favorites!), and of course the Sticky Rice and Mango to finish off the meal.  I love that their food is authentic Thai compared to the many American-influenced and fusion restaurants Uptown.  
My boyfriend and I have gone here many times and the food is always consistent and service is pretty quick.  They have definitely gotten busier since they renovated so kudos to them! I'm glad they're getting more business, because they deserve it!
We're loyal customers and will without a doubt keep coming back for more.My friend and I recently ate lunch at Bangkok Thai Restaurant at 513 S Carrollton Ave, New Orleans, LA 70118
(504) 861-3932
It is not trying to be a fancy place so the lack of ambience was not a consideration. So this was all about the food. 
Well, one reason I like Thai is the unique rice they serve. I may have missed this option on their comprehensive menu, but the rice that I received was the basic white variety. Was it somewhere on the menu as a separate side? If it was, it should not have been.
The most detracting aspect of the meal was the very salty taste of the food. The meal should have been followed up with a free serving of hypertension meds. If my cardiologist ever finds out I ate there, it would be bypass surgery for sure.
Yet, in spite of that, when asked the obligatory question, "How's everything?" My friend and I provided the obligatory answer, "Fine!" Why do we always do that?
The fact I walked in at 12:30PM, and there were only two customers in the place should have been a clue. Perhaps Inspector Clouseau can accompany on my next outing? 
Second chances on this one? I don't know. Perhaps so. The after dinner candy was terrific!My husband eats here often and has not had a dish he didn't like. He brought home chicken pad Thai for me and I have never had pad Thai b4 and I have nothing to compare it too but it was delicious. I told him next time get it with out the tofu, I hate tofu.Excellent green and yellow curry for very affordable prices.  I love Thai food and I judge the quality pretty strictly, and this place served some excellent food for about 30% less $$ than its nearby competition.  Sure, the inside resembles a diner, but if quality of food is more important than dim lights and waterfalls, then this is a great spot for two people to dine for less than $30.  A+My favorite Thai place in the city! 
Ambiance: First of all, parking is atrocious. Bangkok Thai is literally at the end of Carrolton Ave., next to the train tracks. The 4 lanes in front of the restaurant were filled so we were forced to park on the rocks of the railroad track. The restaurant itself, however, is gorgeous inside, decorated with Thai statues, paintings, and decor. The walls have a lovely shade of orange red on the walls and the tables and chairs are sturdy wood. There is also a little simple bar area closer to the inside as well. 
Food: We ordered cheese wontons for our appetizer and Pad Thai and Roasted Duck Curry for our entrees. The cheese wontons were nice and crispy and the filling was not too tart and cheesy. The sauce was a nice lighter balance of flavor to the more fatty wonton. I would not order again but definitely a more tastier and elevated cheese wonton than most restaurants. The Pad Thai here is my absolute favorite in the whole city. From the first time I have had it, it has made me fallen in love with it. It has a perfect mixture of not too sour or sweet and perfectly sauced. My favorite addition is their homemade chili paste that I add to the dish. The color this time around was not very pleasing; it is a little too orange rather than brown which I am used to. However, the taste has not changed and I still love it. The Roasted Duck Curry was pretty good. We got cubed duck so it was nice and chewy, reminded me of a chicken/liver mix texture. The sauce was nice and creamy and delicious with pineapple and bell pepper slices. 
Service: Our waitress was super nice. She constantly checked up on us and cleared away our dishes. She made sure our waters were never empty and had quick and efficient service. 
Final Thoughts: Despite my first visit years ago when Bangkok Thai was located next to a car shop and inside the sketchiest building imaginable, it had the best tasting Pad Thai I ever had. To this day, it is still my favorite Pad Thai, with the right balance of sweetness and saltiness. Not convenient parking and maybe the other dishes are not as delicious. But yes, every Thai restaurant I go, I try the Pad Thai and this Pad Thai sang to me its best. Love and highly recommended!A great place with great prices. I had the house Pad Thai and fried dumplings, while my friend had fried tofu and pad cashew. Both of us were very pleased with the portions: as always, I needed a to go box. The service was great, and our server was very attentive. I live in the neighborhood, and it's a perfect price and location for a student. I can't wait to go back.I had a Pad Thai fix today so I googled Thai food on the St Charles trolley line. I found a cool little gem tucked away in the curb. The air was cold, the ice tea sweet, the Pad Thai was yummy. Fast courteous service. I gave it four stars only because of the parking.I love going to Bangkok Thai for some authentic Thai food. The restaurant itself is not impressive, but the food is superb and the staff is very friendly. They have the best Tom yum soup in the area. The soup is full of flavor and their Thai hot lives up to the name. The food is not suited for all palates, especially if you had thai dishes elsewhere. The dishes at Bangkok Thai holds true to their culture.  Its a small, hidden gem in new orleans and well worth the drive down south Carrollton.Great place thats been around awhile! Try the Lad Na, only place in nola you can get it.This is probably some of the better Thai I have tried in New Orleans. Much better than Sukho Thai. I have ordered several things from the menu and ALL of them have been good. I recommend the Tom Yum (spicy and sour soup), Green and Panang Curry and both the House and regular pad thai are amazing! Love the Thai tea too. This is my go-to thai restaurant.I have to give Bangkok Thai a full 5 stars, not only because of the incredible Thai food that kept me going several nights a week when I lived in the city, but for one more important reason. I had moved away from New Orleans and, after a 3 year absence, returned to the city on a business trip. I decided to drop back in on my favorite Thai place and the sweet old woman who used to wait on me actually remembered me AND the meals I used to order!! Nothing beats that, really. It was like meeting an old friend I didn't even know I had.A pretty decent meal was had here; we had the place to ourselves, so our service was outstanding! The menu is pretty standard, complete with notations for the level of spiciness of the dish. 
There are nightly specials with lean toward seafood. My dining companion hadn't eaten Thai since October and was very satisfied. My next visit, I'll dig into one of the entree salads.This is probably the most dive like Thai place in the NOLA area.  Before Katrina I used to frequent this place several times a week for their lunch buffet.  I don't believe they ever brought the buffet back after Katrina as I haven't seen it since.  It was never the best buffet and the food I've ordered at dinner is also not the best example of Thai food I ever had but it is always tasty and filling.  This usually isn't my first choice for Thai but if I'm in Cooter Browns and want some Thai this is the place to go.  The best thing about this place is they usually have the cutest actual Thai waitresses working and they are very nice people that give great recommendations.A VERY satisfying and authentic Thai restaurant uptown at a very reasonable price!  My school friends and I have come here a few times and are always satisfied with our experience.  This place is right next to Cooter Brown's and is literally a few minutes drive from my school.  The restaurant in itself is particularly small, but it's never actually full so it's never a problem.  The restaurant is decorated very traditionally with cultural decor, which is always nice.  
So on to the food?  When I go with my friends, we usually never order too much, so we haven't really tried too much of the menu.  Gosh, I'm sorry.  It's not my fault we're broke college students!  Hahahha.  But the usual items we order are always a success!  The Thai tea here is pretty good, not too sweet.  We always get the calamari, which I really like here!  It comes with lettuce, basil leaves,and a spicy chili sauce.  I don't know why, but the greens go so well with the dish!  Very refreshing!  I've tried the papaya salad; I'm not too big of a fan, but my friend really likes it.  Maybe I'm just not that big of a papaya person?  I've tried it at other places, and I didn't like it either, so maybe it is just me.  We ALWAYS get the Chicken Pad Thai and Beef Drunken Noodles!  They're SOOOO good!  Especially the drunken noodles!  They're definitely my recommendation here!  The noodles are nicely flavored, and goes perfectly with some sriracha sauce!  I like it SPICY!  I've tried these dishes from MANY other Thai places, so I was very glad that this place serves it well and it's at such a convenient location!  Always a plus for me!  
I've also tried the sticky rice and mango for dessert.  They use a very different sauce for the dish- different, still good, but slightly a little sweet for me.  So yeah, that's all I've tried here so far.  I'm wanting to come back on a cold day to try their soups.  Hopefully they're good!  But either way, I'll definitely be back!  The service is always fast, so it's perfect for those with a lunch break.
Woot Woot!  Me likes Thai food! :)I called for takeout and she was quick and polite on the phone. She told me 15 minutes and when I arrived my order was ready, but still very hot. I added a Thai tea to the order and it was delicious. My food was still steaming and neatly packaged when I got home. I ordered the Panang curry with chicken and Thai fried rice with chicken, so tasty and will definitely order again. Overall good service and amazing food!I order from Bangkok Thai at least 2 a month so I think it's safe to say it's become my favorite restaurant. I recently moved to New Orleans and made many attempts at finding my new favorite Thai place and this place fits the bill! Their pad thai is perfect! Just the way I like it and their curries are amazing as well. It is such a cute little restaurant with really nice owners. I spoke with the owner the other day on my visit and he was telling me how he used to be a baker in California... just an all around friendly person and very willing to talk with his customers and get to know them! I love when restaurants become homey. 
I recommend the Pad Thai, Basil Duck (definitely) and the Red curry or Green curry... honestly though if you love Thai anything you get here will be amazing!!!Got a real big craving for some Thai food. Found this place up my street and decided to go for it. 
It's a very small place and at this hour (8:30pm) it was pretty empty. From first sight, I had a little doubt going into here. Place is very clean and very dim lighting. I ordered to go on my usual faves: papaya salad, pad see ew with Chicken and mango with sticky rice. 
The waiter / cashier is very nice and has a slight language barrier but that's not a big deal. Makes it more authentic to Thai food if the owners and workers are from the orient. 
The papaya salad: can't beat this! This is made EXACTLY like how I had it in Thailand. The sweetness from the fish sauce, the sourness of the papaya, the freshness of the tomatoes and crunch from the carrots and papaya. Mmmmmmm! Best appetizer and great to start off! I'd order this again and again! 
The chicken pad see ew: sweetness of the Thai dish is in there and the spice is great, it's just lacking the flavor profile. My least favorite of the three dishes. 
The mango with sticky rice: just like how I remembered it! Definitely a great end to my meal! Highly recommended if you haven't tried it beforePad Thai is awesome and the owners are the nicest. This restaurant is very underrated!I really have mixed feelings about this place. I ordered Pad Thai to go. Pad Thai is the standard by which I judge the Thai restaurants I go to. If you mess up Pad Thai, then I don't go back. In this case, I'm not sure if they messed up or not. 
My to go order had ample Pad Thai noodles and they were quite flavorful. This part was good. But there wasn't much else in the Pad Thai! I ordered shrimp Pad Thai and had to pay extra for it, but they only gave me four shrimp! And considering how much noodles they gave me, the amount of shrimp was disappointing. There were also small chunks of tofu. 
What was lacking though was bean sprouts to give a crunchy texture to the Pad Thai. There were some bean sprouts, but it almost seemed to serve more of a decorative role rather than adding to the texture. 
In the end I will say that the flavors were right, but I do feel slightly cheated as I paid about $15 for an order of just Pad Thai noodles... the meat and other ingredients were sorely lacking. 
I might go back if I'm in the area to dine in just to see if I get treated any differently. But if I am ever in the mood for Thai food in the future, I will look around to see what other Thai options I have before coming back here.Nice Thai place in the Garden District of NOLA. Service was good, and had outdoor dining. Had the basil chicken rice which was pretty good (not my Thai north star by any means) but the service was good and the price was fair.I think this place serves more than decent Thai food. Tom Kha was good enough, though I think it could be a little more sour. I was expecting more from the volcano chicken-- it should have been crispier. However, the duck curry hit the right flavors and the duck was cooked very well. Despite being picky when it comes to Thai food, I enjoyed the dinner overall. To have Asian food in this part of town is a major plus as well (I seem to seek out Asian food in New Orleans.)
The ambience is good, dimly lit, and peaceful. Yes, take your date here. The service is great. The food came out pretty fast compared to other places. 
Their menu is what would keep me coming back-- it seems to be pretty authentic and has a variety, rather than your typical pad thai and curry. I was surely eyeing down the pompano for next time. The only qualm is that it is pricy. The major dishes are around $15 each.Terrible service. Went to bar to order after sitting and being ignored for 10 minutes. Waiter brought chicken Tom ga instead of shrimp. When they brought shrimp Tom ga it was full of white uncooked onions, baby corn, coconut milk, and that is all. 2nd beer was warm. Pad Thai noodles had shrimp and noodles only. Pad Thai was Ok but VERY small portion. Went there years ago and it was great. I will not return.I can't speak for any of their other food, but their chicken pad thai is amazing. Pad thai is my favorite food and I have tried it from almost every restaurant in New Orleans and this continues to be the absolute best pad thai in the city. It is phenomenal and the chicken is good quality white meat, which is hard to find in pad thai usually.As frequenters of this place, I can recommend the green curry and the spicy eggplant. Both are so good.  One tip-- they do specials better than they do the typical Thai dishes, so opt out of pad Thai and opt into the items under their "specials." Prices are good and the restaurant has been recently renovated.There's definitely a lack of good Thai food in this city and I feel like I've come pretty close to finding something good. We went on a late weekday afternoon and it was surprisingly empty. Initially, not a good sign, but we figured it was later in the afternoon and lots of people had already had their lunch.  Our waitress was sweet and helpful, but there was a slight language barrier.
We ordered a Pad Thai with spice level 3. We tend to eat a little spicier and that was the perfect amount. We also ordered the green curry with spice level 3 also and it was even spicier since green curries tend to already be spicy. I've noticed that Thai restaurants in this area lack a selection of fresh, stir fry vegetables like Ong Choy or Bok Choy. Sometimes, I just want a big plate of veggies to go with my curry and pad thai, but there must be a lack of asian produce so I rarely see anything like that here. Instead, we ordered the Param vegetables, which were just a mix of broccoli, carrots, baby corn, and mushrooms topped with a peanut sauce. That was surprisingly pretty good.
Overall, I've definitely had more wholesome and authentic Thai food in other states, but this seems to be the best in the city that I've tried so far. If you're craving Thai food, Bangkok Thai will not disappoint. I got my Thai fix and was definitely satisfied!Ordered takeout and picked it up. The food was good, but the portions were small and expensive! Thai food, in my experience, isn't cheap, but one entree and spring rolls were over $20! The food was okay, but I probably won't be returning.I based this review on two entrees, an appetizer, and two thai iced teas.  
The appetizer, four spring rolls, tasted excellent.  The best part of the meal. 
For dinner, my girlfriend and I had the vegetarian pad thai. The price was reasonable but lots of vegetable overwhelmed the entree: too large hunks of cabbage cluttered the plate. 
The thai iced teas tasted wonderful.  
Overall, very good food for a reasonable price. I'm interested in what the curry dishes taste like.Simple homemade and fantastic food. Great for vegetarians (and vegans too)
Its very divey but thats what i like about it. The chef, owner and servers are thai so its very authentic. Plus my friend from thailand like this place for food.
Must try: Veg fried rice, fresh rolls, basil tofu
Also: Cashew ChickenReally good, affordable Thai food. I've ordered from them for years. I prefer getting takeout from there because it isn't a very exciting place to sit.The food here is all good, and they can take custom orders if you want to mix and match things on the menu.  I do take issue with the fact that everything is very mild; I would prefer some spicier options.  The thai iced tea is awesome, and compliments every meal.  The service is quick an efficient, however the inside of the restaurant smells like my grandparent's basement.My experience with this place has been similar to my experience with cheap wine.  Usually it's OK as long as you don't gorge yourself.  Occassionaly there is a bad experience, but for the most part things are smooth sailing.  Once in a while, though, you uncork that $5 bottle and you realized that you stumbled upon something $10 awesome.  For me, the eggplant seafood was that bottle of wine.  I would call most of their food decent/good, but that dish was extra tasty.
On a side note:  This place has a lot of vegetarian options, and more vegan options than most.I love this place and after trying several
Other Thai restaurants it really is the best. I just hate that their opening for dinner is sometimes late and forces me to go somewhere else. I call them
and a lady in broken English says they are open, but when I get there it's dark and sign says closed. Frustrating.I thought this place was very good. We were at the zoo earlier and came here for an early dinner. We ordered a couple of things and it was all pretty tasty. I really liked their coconut soup. It was flavored really well and delicious. We had panang curry with shrimp. I think I'm getting over shrimp, but I did enjoy the curry part. The spicy eggplant was really good. The pad thai was one of the best pad thais I'd had in a while. The thai iced tea was also very good. Service was excellent.Average Thai food.  The nice people who run the place make up for the good which has lately been slipping.
Good Pad Thai.  Get the House version - its got curryI went for lunch, their lunch combo is just ok....worth a try but will not go for the second time.The Pad Thai is fantastic along with their spring rolls. Freshly prepared; prompt service as well. The atmosphere is relaxing. Great Thai spot with reasonable prices too.I want to start off by saying, this is my favorite place to get some Pad Thai! They never disappoint and their food is always consistent. I used to frequent this place when I was more in the area, but now it's kind of far and hard to get parking sometimes. You have the option of parking on the street (if any), parking in front of the restaurant (very slim chance), or parking in a gravel lot near the train tracks.
This place has similar hours to other Thai restaurants with them closing during the "dead hour" between lunch and dinner. The place is pretty small, but you can probably fit a good amount of people inside. Every time I come, the place is usually empty and there's only one server on the floor. In my opinion, I believe they have the best pad thai in the city. Their pad thai has the perfect amount of sauce, adequate amount of noodles, beansprouts, protein, and spice. To top that off, they have fresh sate that has great flavor and spice! I want to try different things like their curries or seafood dishes, but I'm just too in love with their pad thai! Definitely get their Beef Pad Thai and add more sate if you can handle the heat. If you're having a sweet tooth, they have great sticky mango with rice to end the meal. Overall, a great hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurant to eat at in the Uptown area.My husband and I love going here! It has the best decoration, and typically is a quiet date night spot. Staff is friendly and I love the Massamum curry dish. So good! My husband says it's his favorite pad Thai in the city.They devein the shrimp.  What restaurant in this city does that.  The shrimp pad thai was tasty.My family and I have travelled all around the world and have had authentic Thai foods in various Asian countries. Bangkok Thai in uptown NOLA was a pleasant competition to the vast experiences of our palates. From veggie spring rolls and chicken coconut soup as appetizers, to chicken and shrimp panang curry (Thai hot), red curry with chicken, & also fried rice with chicken, everything was absolutely DELICIOUS!!!! Service was EXCELLENT and we have now found our go to spot whenever we are in NOLA!!! You will not be disappointed!!!I love the pad Thai here. It is hot and fresh better then any other. Very friendly staff. For their papaya salad you can get it Thai style or Laos. I always get the Laos kind, it's super hot.Bangkok Thai is a place that is both easy and delicious. Sure, the food isn't the best I've ever tasted, but it's quite capable to keep me satisfied. The servers are super nice, and they get the food out to you quickly. There's also take-out if you want that option.Good homey Thai food.  They'll boost or reduce the heat to order (good when you're dining with dietarily challenged).  I LOVE the red curry.This place is gross and the food is greasy.  I went here with my boyfriend because of the rave reviews and his meal was filled with bones and mine was a greasy mess.  I wouldn't ever go backGood place for lunch and dinner... The owner has pleasant conversations with customers and very friendly .I agree with the other reviews -- there is a lack of Thai in NOLA and what's out there not so great.  But I do believe Bangkok Thai is the best.  Better than Sukho Thai and that other place on Maple.  I decided to do a Yelp review to encourage others to try even if you ate there before and weren't impressed.  I think they either got new owners or a new chef because it is much much better than it was years ago.  This place isn't trying to be trendy, they just serve really good Thai food - what you hope for in an authentic Thai owned Restaurant.  Try the Panang Curry.  Yum! Perfect balance of red curry,  Thai basil, fresh crunchy green beans and carrots and just the right amount of heat.  My husband is the noodle lover and gets either the Pad Thai or Drunken Noodles depending on mood - we agree the Drunken better than the Pad Thai which could be seasoned more.  All soups great as are fresh rolls.  Nothing surprising on the menu, its just good Thai Food.  I have one wish though - I don't expect much in the way of wine from a place such as this - but if you are only carrying one white wine, it should definitely not be a Chardonnay.  It pairs awful with Asian cuisine  Pinot Grigio would be better, a dry Riesling would be best..If I could give no stars, I would.  However, my friend's husband's dish was only OKAY and the servers were super nice, so they get 1 star.
My friends and I came here because we heard from a couple of people that this was the best Thai in town. I love Asian food, I grew up on Asian food, and I'm always in search of it here in New Orleans, and let me tell you, it's a hard long search if you're looking for something other than Vietnamese which is very well covered on the West Bank.
I ordered the usual Pad Siew Ew a staple for me, my friend the Pad Thai, and her husband, a charbroiled chicken dish, I forgot the name.  His dish was the only one that was edible.
When our dishes came out, there was a very distinct foul odour. It smelled like rotting food.  My friend's husband kept laughing, saying there must've been an accident in the bathroom, but we realized that the smell was emanating from my dish and my friend's dish.  It wasn't the smell of fish sauce. 
I took a bite of my food and was sorely disappointment, it was severely lacking and there was something completely off on my dish, something sour and bitter.  Pad Siew Ew is supposed to be slightly sweet.  My friend's Pad Thai was disgusting.  We thought maybe we could fix it with some Soy Sauce?  This is going far, because I never put Soy Sauce in my food, unless if it's used for cooking, or I'm using it to dip sushi or some dumplings.
The Soy Sauce did not fix it.
I can't say anymore about this place. It was a bad experience, we couldn't take more than 5 bites out of our dishes and we felt really bad about it to the cook and servers since we were the only people in the restaurant and didn't want to take any of it home.By far the best Thai food in town. Had the spicy and sour soup and the red gravy. Everything was made from scratch. Fresh and delicious. Definitely coming back for more soon.I'm not sure why there are so many positive reviews, but I will not be ordering food from Bangkok Thai again.  We paid $33 for very small servings of vegetarian spring rolls, Pad Thai, and Pad Cashew Chicken. The spring rolls were greasy and flavorless. The Pad Thai was also flavorless, and in fact I don't believe those noodles had ever seen a stir fry pan. The Pad Cashew was unlike any Pad Cashew ever had and believe me, that's not a good thing. Hands down, across the board, Bangkok Thai serves bland, and waaay overpriced food. I would have been better off with picking up a couple packages of Ramen from the supermarket, because that's about as much soul as Bangkok Thai puts into their food.
I'm giving it one star because my cat enjoyed a few bites of the dry chicken. 
For excellent Thai food, in both quality and price, go to Thai Mint which is just up the street.I gave it 3 stars because:
1) The food was good when I was eating there
2) It gave me a mutha clucking stomach ache after the meal-cramps bad
Parking is not friendly if you going during day hours or evening hours.  I walked over there from Maple St, which wasnt bad since it was still daylight, but if it's evening, park away somewhere lighted and safe.  It's a high traffic area so be careful if you have kids with you.
It's been a while since I been here to eat and the last time I was there, I was not impressed at all. A hole in the wall joint.  At that time, I remember the owner's daughter went to school with us, but after that, Im not even sure if it's the same owners anymore because it looked alot nicer than it did before.
New silverware, new tables and fancy thai tablecloth, new Thai fixtures.  
We ordered the Pad Kee Mow with chicken.  This was a very, very, very greasy dish.  It was sweet and spicy and did I mention greasy.  No wonder my stomach is churning.
For starters, I had ordered the Fried Tofu Triangles, which came with peanut sauce and the sweet sauce.  That was great and probably the only think I will be coming back for.
My buddy ordered the Paneang curry with chicken.  This was pretty good.  A small bowl of rice came with it.  
All in all, 2 entrees, an appetizer, and 2 water--the total came to $30.  We tipped them $6.  Would have been more, but the service was not all that attentive.
They do accept credit/debit and cash.  Family friendly and they do to go orders as well.
Would I go back?  Yes, but I am definitely going to give it a second try in case my stomach is just sensitve but I highly doubt that---Popeye's chicken is  greasy but it doesnt give me no cramps for hours.  
I will give it a second try and let you all know what's the dealio
UPDATE:  The shopping center has been torn down and renovated, not sure it's there anymoreSmall lunch portion but pad thai, basil chicken and glass noodle salad are good. Prices a bit high. 
Parking can be difficult at times but it is worth the hassle.This was my first time straying from Suko Thai...I am a little addicted to that place when I have a hankering for Thai, but the X and I went to Bangkok and I ordered the Goong Naree, coconut milk soup, and the silver noodle salad with chx.  My choices were good.  My X ordered Phad Thai and it was very good even though he ordered it mild and mild was relatively hot.  It was a pleasant dinner.Came in first time last week. The decor was nice and you cant beat it's location. Unfortunately the food wasn't that great, edible at best. I've had much better pad thai in other places. This was on the soggy side and the ingredients weren't "fresh". To me Thai food is about feeshness, texture and color.
Again, it wasn't BAD but I've had better.We live in the neighborhood and are lucky enough to have Bangkok Thai so close.  I've tried several items in the menu now and have yet to find one I don't like.  Almost every dish thankfully comes with a vegetarian option and the flavors are amazing! We usually eat in and the staff are always very nice.  Despite some criticisms I've read about the interior, I find the decor to be warm and inviting.The food here is really good.  I just had the Roasted Duck Curry and it was wonderful.  My only complaint is that when you order something "Thai hot" it still isn't that hot, you can taste the heat but it's still pretty mild.Aw, I like Bangkok Thai. It's close to work and my friend who spent some time in Thailand says that this is the most authentic place in the city. I lived in Cambodia for 6 years and I still couldn't really tell you what is authentic Thai food. I could tell you if it was completely off, but like, I like Sukho okay, and I like this place.
I like the basil stir fry here. The laab/laap/larb (however you spell it) is pretty good. And I get the green curry sometimes too. I used to love pumpkin curry at my Thai place back in Portland. I think it's time I give Bangkok Thai's pumpkin curry a try.
The lunch portions are indeed small, but you can get the combo, which comes with your choice of spring rolls, goong naree, or something else. My memory is failing me.
They did just remodel recently as well.My husband and I decided to try this restaurant as a treat and we will not be going back.  The House Pad Thai was good (hence the 2 stars), but everything else we ordered was not.  My husband got the BBQ Thai Chicken--the chicken was extremely dry and the small ramiken of "specialty bbq sauce" was anything but special--a HUGE disappointment.  Plus, the chicken was served with maybe 1/4 cup of what appeared to be previously frozen veggies.  We also tried the fried prawns appetizer.  There were maybe 6  tiny shrimp for $8!  That's unacceptable for a seafood city, so frustrating.  The shrimp were also served with the same "specialty BBQ sauce."  Anyhow, I'm glad others like it, but unfortunately, our  menu went straight in the trash.OKAY. Seriously, there's got to be better thai in the city. This place is just kind of meh. It does okay Thai, but nothing amazing. The real kicker is how affordable place this is compared to other Thai restaurants in and around the area. Just a shame that the food (and ambiance) are kind of extremely underwhelming.THIS is the Thai place in NOLA I've been searching for. I had a terrible experience at Sukho Thai (see my yelp review, never going back there again), so I decided to try this place and was not dissapointed. My friend had curry, I had the house pad thai. Both were delicious, though could have been spicier, which was my fault.
They were very nice, the portions were good, and the prices are ideal for a poor college student.
FINALLY, authentic Thai food in NOLA!! Yaaaaaay!The ambience and the service is great.  Great location with many other types of restaurants around.  The food was alright for the price, but definitely not the Thai quality the I've been experiencing.Been here twice. Pad Thai is sweet. Drunken Noodles are very savory. Gong naree is a good starter. Tofu spring rolls are  good. Had one of the chicken and veg dishes (think it was "Chicken Pad Ginger") hoping it wouldn't be so carb and sodium intense as a noodles dish, but it was drenched in enough sauce that I should've just got a noodle plate. Their Thai iced tea is strong but may be too sweet for some. Their food is not noticeably better or worse than Nearby Chill-Out Cafe, just different recipes (Chill Out's Pad Thai is spicier and less sweet). 
If you're starved, an order of noodles will fill you, and if you eat sensible portions, you'll have leftovers.