I had one pork taco and one fish taco. They were both amazing. I will definitely be coming back for more.Pumped this is in my neighborhood. I can't wait to go back! 
The queso with Pom seeds and Pepita's was so good - salsa matcha adds unique heat (i thought it tasted like a spicy mole-esque flavor) i recommend just doing quesadillas with this salsa, delicious- the housemade green sauce is drinkably good and the way they make tortillas reign supreme above the other spots in the city..
 Looking forward to the fans coming this summer and gaining 15 pounds of taco goodness.Really good tacos. Chicken and Fish were awesome. Big fan of the salsa and chips.  Small tacos but the price is good for the quality.Pros: queso & guac with chicharron 
Cons: 
- steak taco was chewy and lacking in flavor
- pork taco was super dry
- homemade tortillas were nothing special 
Came here for dinner after French Quarter Fest and to be honest I should've stayed at the festival.  I will not be back and wouldn't recommend this place. I hope they get it together, it's a cute place but that's it.Fantastic Pork Tacos.  Great courtyard seating.  Easy and fast service. I'm glad this place opened up in my neighbored.Fantastic tacos. Homemade tortillas. Awesome spicy margs. Great atmosphere. Fun casual spot for dinner or lunchGreat food and Margaritas! The service is great snd the yard is the perfect atmosphere.Tasty tacos, GREAT margaritas, and good service! The chips, salsa, and guacamole are all delicious. Already looking forward to coming back to try more of the menu! Also, prices were great.
Overall a really chill atmosphere, I love the open and breezy outside garden area. Barracuda will definitely be a go to spot!I've been passing this place with a line out of the door for a few weeks now and decided to try it out and I'm so happy I did!!! When I went in for take out tonight it wasn't very busy, but the service was amazing!!! The staff was very welcoming and took my millions of questions and ever changing order with a smile and lots of patience. The wait for our food was about 10 minutes (which was awesome). The food itself was absolutely amazing when I finally got home to eat it, my dad and sister both agree as well! The food traveled well in its packaging and bags, I only live about 10 minutes away from Barracuda though. Overall I'm so impressed and amazed! I will definitely be coming back and bringing new people with me to try out the food and enjoy the patio area!! (-:Our new favorite place. Delicious tacos. Highly recommend the fish taco and pork & pineapple taco. Kids loved the quesadilla. And then there were  margaritas on tap. Great backyard area. Great for kids. Loved the music. This place is amazing.Needs a few tweaks. First, I don't like dining in at a place and getting everything, cups, plates, salsa bowls etc. in single use, disposable plastic. You'd expect a place selling $4 artisanal tacos to know that don't fly in 2019. Second, there was no option to make anything spicy. Tacos, guacamole and salsa were all extra mild and the shared sauces available had zero heat as well. Fish taco seemed like more fried breading than fish. The pork and beef had a nice grilled char on them and service was friendly and fast.We were excited to try Barracuda as it is in our neighborhood and went for lunch today.  Ordered the guacamole, fish tacos and veggie tacos. Beer on tap from local brewery was good.  Guacamole had absolutely no flavor but the green hot sauce they had out helped it, chips were a funny crunch, kinda oily?  Fish tacos were so oily my husband's big napkin was soaked thru on the first one and he passed on the second.  My veggie tacos were bland and guys- white bean tacos? I mean there are pintos or black beans around.
The garden is lovely!  It would be a nice place to get a beer.  Their pickles were also fine.Giving them 5 stars for their crispy fish tacos and margaritas that were served at Top Taco, which were awesome!  Can't wait to try more at their regular place!Fresh, unique food options.  Super friendly staff.  Cozy outdoor atmosphere in Uptown New Orleans.Hidden gem!! Great casual restaurant- we ordered tacos, beef bowel, street corn, queso and margaritas!! Delicious, no complaints. Friendly service and casual setup.Great service everytime I've gone. The fish tacos and guacamole are amazing. Other taco offerings are tasty as well. This is not your run of the mill Texmex Mexican restaurant. I like to think of it as more of like your Austin style taco joint. Happy to have a place like this in nolaI really love this place and how convenient it is on Tchoup - you can either stop and order takeout and be in and out in 10 minutes and have perfectly individually wrapped tacos or If the weather is nice you can hang out with your friends under the lovely lights in the courtyard. 
BUT... there is some room for improvement in 2 areas...
1. Queso - more oily than cheesy, I find myself to be disappointed every time I order it. Maybe if they change up some ingredients they can get a cheesy queso worth indulging. 
2. Drinks - the regular margaritas seem to be more mix than rita and the micheladas are nothing like the authentic micheladas I have come to enjoy in Mexico and other Latin American countries which are full of flavor and spice and everything nice. 
I think there is room for improvement, but once they have found the perfect recipe for the queso and drinks this will be my new favorite place for happy hour. 
For now, I will stick to takeout :)i live in the neighborhood and am SO EXCITED that this place is walking distance from my house! I'm from Louisiana but lived in Austin for a few years and have been hoping for a taco place like this to open since i moved back home. the breakfast tacos are A+ and all the tortillas are made from hand which is a nice touch. for lunch i usually get a pork or chicken bowl with herbed rice. Don't sleep on the bowls, y'all! Lotta bang for your buck. The verde sauce is great on everything. and the horchata! they make it themselves and you can put it in their coffee (from the mojo roaster right across the street, bonus points for supporting a fellow local biz) OR just topped with a fresh strawberry purée, which i'd actually never had before but am now obsessed with. so overjoyed by the quality and service i've received this far. Can't wait to see what they come up with next!New spot has a good vibe. The tacos were cold....just ok. The service was good. I like the smooth music & nice outdoor patio. Seating is ONLY outside. They definitely need fans since Summer is approaching. I will give them another try...Well done amigos! Friendly service from cashier to the food runner. Order, get a number and sit in the back yard, or under the cover. Lots of fans to cool you down. Homemade flour tortillas filled with delicious chicken, pork and pineapple and other fillings. House sauces very good with a little heat. The beans are not to be missed, yummy! Can't wait to go back.New Orleans doesn't have a ton of Mexican restaurant options, but Barracuda is a great addition to the taco scene. It can be easy to miss while you're driving by, but definitely stop in and check it out. You order inside at the counter and grab a number, and find a spot outside in the seating area that has great low-key atmosphere with string lights and space heaters for when it gets cold out. Be aware that there isn't too much coverage in case it's a rainy day, take-out may be the way to go. 
The menu is compact, but it's tempting to want to try everything, plus the specials usually look super tasty. They have lunch deals as well as drinks- everything from horchata iced coffee to cocktails for whatever kind of day you're having. 
You've gotta try some tacos, my favorite was the crispy fish- catfish that's fried and so flaky and flavorful with cabbage, salsa macha which is made with dried chilis, and pomegranate seeds. They add pomegranate to other menu items too, like the guac which adds a super fun flavor to their menu. Also don't miss their house-made sauces which are packed with flavor and go with everything.We tried all of the tacos plus the quesadilla and chicharrones/chips and queso. 
Drinks: limonada, Coca Cola, and horchata. 
Tacos- everything taste homemade. So on your palate you get that fresh feel, you get to taste all the ingredients, some are spicy- so be aware. This coming from someone who loves spicy food and can eat a can of chipotle by herself. They do not taste like Mexican st tacos. I would say Mex gourmet. Haha. Do not skip the vegetarian taco omg that was amazing and my favorite- corn, mushrooms, garbanzos, onions and more. Yum! Tacos have plenty of filling!
The Aguas frescas Are not concentrated and not as sweet as other aguas frescas. They are homemade and sweetened very lightly. I do like my drinks with a side of extra so I would just go for the soda or the margaritas. 
So in conclusion this place has very light tasting food, for when you want to eat out without feeling guilt. This way you get to taste everything!Really cute place and has a great back patio. What we ordered:
-The Queso: I love queso but this one was really not good. The flavor was fine but it was extremely watery making it unappetizing and hard to keep on the chip. I was really looking forward to their queso because it has pepitas and pomegranate seeds but I was really disappointed. I'm not sure if they were having an off night but it was pretty bad queso. 
-Salsa: the salsa was fine not the best I've had but it was a nice way to start the meal
-Special corn dish: this was really spicy but also really good!
-Deluxe Chicken taco: the tacos were easily the best part of the meal. When you order it deluxe it comes with grilled cheese, guacamole, and beans. It was delicious! I loved it 
-Crispy Fish taco: this taco was also amazing! It had really great flavors. 
Overall, the tacos and the environment were the best parts of this place. I recommend only getting the tacos, I didn't feel like the dips were worth it.This was an amazing surprise! Saw some of the reviews when this opened and had it on my list to try ever since, but because of the other great taco places on magazine, I just didn't get around to doing it. Man was I happy I did!!!
So the place itself is in a great spot on tchop with plenty of on street parking. It's walk up service to order and then they have a great little courtyard out back ( with heaters for the colder months)
We ordered a lot..
We started with the margaritas which came out the side window quickly! They were good, not the best I ever had but not in a big premade container.
We tried the queso and chips which were amazing! Homemade queso with  pepitos on top.
My partner ordered he bowl and I tried the beef taco and the pork taco which is an al pastor with pineapple 
Street corn, green rice and beans
Wow everything was so good and well made with incredible layers of flavor 
The beef was tender and delicious 
The street corn was well dressed but very light the rice and beans could be a meal themselves and the bowl my wife had was so good 
All this for 40$
Amazing service and a very cool vibe
Don't wait.. go check it out
Lots of alcohol choices as well!Cool spot with a funky location on Tchoup. We were able to find street parking, but I'm sure this could have been a challenge if we weren't lucky. 
The ordering process was easy enough. I really enjoyed the margaritas. That's pretty much where it went down hill. I ordered a chicken bowl, and the lady ordered tacos. It seems as if there isn't any seasoning used in the entire establishment. Not sure if I'd go back, as there are more options in this category that actually season their food. 
The ambiance was cool, but unfortunately their food  wasn't up to par.Margarita. Margarita. Margarita add a shot of cucumber ginger.  Just order a pitcher. They are so refreshing. Best ever had. Fish Tacos. Yes. Queso. Yes!  And canary beans. Who knew!  Delicious.  All quality ingredients and full of flavor. Great new easy spot.These are the best tacos in New Orleans. Hands down. Also a fan of the Margaritas and ranch water. I wish the salsa and queso had more heat, but the guacamole is on point.If you haven't been here and like good tacos RUN don't walk to Barracuda! Lol. Seriously though some of the best tacos I've ever had. Pro tip- get it deluxe, they sear the cheese on the fresh daily made tortilla. Also get some salsa matcha, def has some heat but if that's your thing get it for sure. Lastly definitely sub chips or go half and half with some chicharrones when you get the queso! Trust me! Also don't forget about the margs or agua fresca!Best tacos on Nola!! Will come back every time I visit. Being from Cali tacos are life and these were up to par! I even bought a shirt! Can't wait to eat here again. Plus the patio had a beautiful ambiance to enjoy your meal.I don't know how we had never heard of this cute little spot! It's casual but so fun-really enjoyed the ambiance. It was pretty hot/stagnant in some areas without a breeze but the fans cooled the area off a lot.
Not sure how they function normally, but currently (under 9/2020 COVID restrictions), you order everything at the little indoor counter, then take a number and go find a table outside (first come, first serve). Then you can go back to the outdoor window for more drinks or chip refills. So efficient-all the tables were full and we still got our food almost immediately after sitting down.
The food was affordable and really good. Relatively small/concise menu, but they have perfected all the items! We tried all three dips-queso with chorizo (standard good, creamy and medium consistency-not too thick, not too thin), guacamole (good, fresh), and salsa (surprisingly super flavorful with a touch of heat). They give you plenty of chips and a nice big cup of the dip. Tacos were bomb-we tried the chicken, pork, and farmer, all deluxe style with extra fixins. The chicken and pork were both really good, and the farmer is a vegetarian with sweet potato in it that was so freaking good-I was shocked at how much I liked it given how much I love meat! My husband got the special margarita (hibiscus today), and said it was good! 
We will definitely be back!!I was so excited to try this place and I'm so glad I did! 5 stars... there were two things that bothered me, but not enough to take away a star.
Less than thrilled about:
1. The HEAT. We came for lunch and it was slightly busy so there were no tables in the relatively small area that had a fan. You can't make outside not hot in New Orleans in June, but not everywhere was covered and there just wasn't enough shade, so it was just so hot. I will totally go back, but probably at night for dinner.
2. I saw this in a comment below about the margaritas.... it took a minute to get ours because we had no idea to get them from the sliding glass window. There wasn't a mention of this or a sign. I'll know for next time, but since I'm not the first person to say this, I hope they invest in a sign or be better about telling the customers.
Everything else:
We had between us chicken, beef, and fish tacos. Chicken and fish were so delicious, beef wasn't too bad, but I'd get more of the other two next time. I really liked the queso and chips... the chips are slightly thicker than usually and had a great crunch. There are also pomegranate pieces sprinkled in the queso and on the fish taco and they were a good addition. The atmosphere was so cute and I genuinely enjoyed being there for the 30 mins or so I was there before it got too hot. 
I had high hopes for Barracuda, and they didn't disappoint!I've spent a lot of time in Texas and have had some amazing tacos. My opinion is that barracuda is the only place that is comparable to those within the city of nola. Good tortillas, ok queso, but really good tacos including the fish, special chorizo, pork, and chicken. Margaritas are good as well. Cool atmosphere and decent price.This place is amazing and deserves 4 1/2 stars, but alas, I had to round down for 2 major negatives: the salsa and the service.
Let's start positively: there are ample vegetarian options, and the menu is creative. I had the heirloom tomato on a blue house made tostada; it was fresh with dill and avocado. I added a side of white beans and they were spicy and creamy- delish! My farmer's taco was amazing as well, with a layer of fried cheese that was heaven.
Now for the buzzkill: how do you make amazing everything else and have a salsa that tastes like tomato paste? Just in queso you want a dip, stay away and stick with the flavorful Queso. The bottles of salsa on the condiment area are great too: both green and red. Second negative was the service: a bunch of uninterested hipsters that acted bothered to take my order (and everyone else's too, I wasn't special). So... not perfect, but close to it!Awesome food & margaritas! Great ambiance and friendly service. What more could you ask for?Definitely a hidden gem among taco joints in the city. Simple and easy to understand menu options. Excellent combination of flavors that are unique to each taco and well worth the price. You will definitely want to try the fish tacos (the best I've had) and the chorizo  queso! Fantastic outdoor seating that is perfect even if the weather is somewhat dreary. The staff was friendly and abundantly helpful. Be sure you don't pass on this awesome establishment!
Want some more fun after you've had these amazing tacos? Then head about just one block west on Tchoupitoulas to Port Orleans brewery and grab yourself some fantastic brews. There are a few other breweries east on Tchoupitoulas if you are interesting in those instead. Happy eating and drinking amigos!Great tacos, fresh ingredients and equally good chips and salsa. Will return and soon.Barracuda is a lovely taco place on Tchoup. You order inside at the counter, but all seating is outside. There are a few covered tables. I went on a pleasant November evening and it was quite lovely. They have a nice happy hour & I had the queso and chips, pork, fish, and chicken taco. The queso was delightful and I could not get enough. The tacos were delicious and quite hearty. They tortillas were nice quality and did not fall apart. I also got the beautiful pink pomegranate margarita. Service was very fast at Barracuda. There were people of all ages there to eat and it had a very fun vibe. I will definitely be returning to Barracuda soon.You know guys simplicity is grand sometimes. We visited Barracuda the other night and took our dog with us. 
The food was outstanding. The Margaritas were delicious. They serve tacos, salsa, guacamole and or queso with amazing chips. 
The prices were wonderful. 
The outside seating offered a great atmosphere. I love places like this. 
Enjoy.The margaritas were delicious! I had the salad bowl which was good and filled with unusual items! The best part is that it is perfect for young families and the dinnerware is all recyclable and/or biodegradable!This place has the best tacos in NOLA!  The steak and carnitas are amazing.  Definitely add the cheese... Delicious!!!  They have great drinks on tap including a spicy margarita which is pretty tasty.  We will definitely be back.I've been to Barracuda five times thus far (for the record I think the restaurant has only been open a month or so) and like a fine wine - each time its gotten better and better.
The following is why I think you should consider going and bringing your friends, or significant other, or even your dog - yes your dog.
First off. Get a Margarita and chips and salsa. I was curious how solid the Marg would be out of the tap and it's perfect.
Per the food - I'm the guy who will literally go home and eat chips and salsa for dinner. For the record - I give it the nod. I love both the rojo and verde salsas. You can tell they're fresh, due to their creamy and light texture. The guac is great. It's chunky and has just the right flavor. 
Per the tacos -  I always go pork or fried fish and of course breakfast (for breakfast.) I personally love the portions and the homemade tortillas. It's just the right amount.
Per the atmosphere - This is kind of my favorite part of this place. Its extremely casual, a place where you can bring your significant other, kids or dogs and not be judged. It feels very inviting and chill and for that I raise a glass, of your margarita!
I did forget to mention that it's very reasonable when it comes to cost. You and a friend can eat here for under $20 for lunch or dinner for food alone. If you haven't stopped in, its worth checking out. The Barracuda crew is here to stay.All the way from Cali, so believe me when I say that these chicken tacos were BOMB!
I would deff come back here when I visit New Orleans again!TL:DR: Really cute, tiny taco shop with a large side courtyard for seating. Crispy fish taco, queso, salsa and margaritas were really good. Great to go with friends, family or to bring a date. Not super expensive. 
Was really excited to try this spot and I'm so glad I finally got the chance. 
Really cute, tiny taco shop with a large side courtyard for seating (there's only room to order inside the actual building). A friend and I went on a Friday night and it wasn't too packed. We were able to order within about 10 minutes. 
We ordered the chicken ($3/each) and crispy fish tacos ($4/each), queso ($6-large), salsa ($4 - large) and regular margaritas ($7/each). The bartender is at the front counter next to the register, so our drinks were ready just as we finished cashing out and we received a number for our food order.
We walked out into the courtyard to find some seats and were greeted by a very spacious area with a nice ambience. Very cute to hang out with friends and family, but also date appropriate. We found a spot with ease and waited for our meal. 
Our food came out pretty quickly. First was the chips and queso and salsa. The queso is garnished with pomegranate seeds and pepitas which wasn't indicated on the menu (just in case someone has allergies), but was really delicious. There's good queso and not so good queso, and that was pretty good queso. The salsa was also quite tasty, good flavor and just enough spice. The tacos were also quite tasty, ingredients were super fresh. They weren't spectacular, but good. I liked that the flour tortillas weren't super thick like some others can be, it kept the meal light. I really enjoyed the crispy fish it came with cabbage, onions, crema, salsa, pomegranate and cilantro, but it was a little dry as the cabbage isn't a slaw, but just dry cabbage. Easy to fix as I just removed some of the cabbage and was good to go. The chicken tacos are served street style with just onions and cilantro, but they do have the option to make them deluxe by adding cheese, beans and guac for $1 more. The meat was tender and well seasoned. 
Overall we had a good experience here. We spent about $40 for two people, a bit high for a taco shop, but the ingredients were fresh and we enjoyed our meals. I'll definitely be coming back to try other items!Top marks for design and look and feel, but I was not into the food. I got a taco bowl that was 80% rice with a small dollop of the other fixins. There were two very small, very soggy pieces of catfish that didn't do it for me. And for $9, it's just not a good value. I've heard the tacos are dope -- stick to that, but avoid the fish.Best tacos in New Orleans. Quick service and plenty of out door seating. The menu is small but you can't go wrong with any of the tacos. Two tacos should be enough to fill you up but if you're hungry you can take down 3. Really glad this place opened and I've heard their breakfast tacos are the best tooTried this place today and honestly, it was just aiight for me dawg. It wasn't terrible, but definitely wasn't good either. It was truly just AIIIIGHT. The tacos were fresh but basic af. Meat and tortilla. That's it... Some salsa roja or jalapeños or literally anything at all would have been a nice addition. The guacamole didn't have much flavor but was okay I guess. We got a margarita pitcher that cost an arm and a leg and apparently they don't know how to muddle either. 
We had a good time still because the patio area was cute and had chill vibes. However, I can't imagine what that will be like mid July considering there are no options for indoor seating. Yikes. 
Final consensus: Good, not great, could be better. Probably won't return and would not recommend to a friend.11/10 will be back very soon!! Absolutely loved it. The crispy fish taco was one of the best fish tacos I've had. Also had chips and queso and a strawberry mezcal margarita . I am SOLD.Work in progress with terrific potential. Pleasant back patio. Everything comes with a unique twist that works. Tacos are in tortillas hand-made for your order - pineapple version is delicious. Guac garnished with pomegranate. Spicy margarita is the bomb. Definitely check it out.Super tasty BUT spicy. We always get the eats to go and add sour cream at home. 
Not a fan of spicy, but this place does it right.Tacos in general are a good thing. Even the premade, frozen and deep fried (with the lettuce enclosed) tacos at Jack in the Box (is that even still a thing?) were a guilty pleasure of mine in days past. It's hard to mess up something so conceptually perfect, and that has allowed plenty of taconistas to skate by with a passable taco product and be successful at that endeavor.
Barracuda is not one of those establishments.
Brett Jones has crossed that fine line that separates the aforementioned 'medi-acos' from what can be described as simple but inspired, honest yet transcendent delicious taco bliss. What's more, they're not charging a fortune for such a superior foodstuff. You could probably eat like a king for the change in the cupholder of your car. If they're not registered as a non-profit, then they absolutely should as they are providing New Orleans with an invaluable community service. And a margarita garden? Blessings abound. 
In sum: The taco has officially leveled up. A million stars to this welcome addition to our dining options.Delicious! We've loved all the tacos we've tried on our multiple visits. The classic margaritas are strong and tasty; the seasonal margaritas are interesting and refreshing. The verde salsa is exceptional. Also love the outdoor a/c! So good!The street tacos are great here! The vibe in the place is cool, and they have seating outside: covered and not covered. We had to get our order to go and, even though it was a larger order, it was ready in about 10 minutes. They packed everything nicely, and all the tacos were clearly labeled so there was no confusion about which one was who's. They wrap them in foil and it's easy to eat with you hands. I got the chicken tacos. They weren't too spicy, but not bland either. It was a good balance. The pork one is quite good as well. The staff was really friendly and kind. I really recommend anyone to give this place a shot!Probably the blandest tacos I've ever had in my life. The batter on the fish taco was good and I  liked the creativity but there was no flavor whatsoever. Also, pretty exspensive. Save your money and go to the taco truck on broad.Outdoor dining in the summer in New Orleans isn't for the faint of heart. It requires really good food and ice-cold margaritas, made even better with melon.Ok, FOH.. get it together!
You order at the counter when you come in, take a number, and go in back and sit down... 
Cool!
I ordered a classic margarita with my meal and SPECIFICALLY ASKED.. "Are they going to bring it to the table??" Notice the quotation marks, because it's  exactly what I said. The answer was, yes!
Cool!
I ordered a beef taco, fish taco and farmer taco with herby rice and a $2.00 guacamole. 
Cool!
Waiting...
Got guacamole and chips.
Guacamole is tasty, could use a bit more lime, garlic and onion. Ok. Everything.
Chips were eh.
A bit later got the beef and farmer taco...
Waiting...
Herby rice.....
Waiting...
No margarita.
I asked a server about my drink ( my number was already taken away).
He said, you get them at the sliding glass window to the counter I placed the order at...  Huh???
Ok go to window (food on the table) and had to wait for the drink. 
Got back to start eating. 
Farmer taco...veryyy good. Great flavor, texture, blue corn tortilla, ..... awesome with habanero sauce.
Beef taco..really good.... homemade corn tortilla, so good. .. really try those tacos..
The 2 sauces, Verde and habanero were exceptionally good. Both have heat, but different sabor.
Waited...
Asked server about fish taco... and was still eating the beef taco. The server took 1/2 the taco I hadn't eaten yet, and came back with the fish taco.
Super crispy fish, crema, cabbage, and (other stuff..see menu) and pomegranates..
Seemed kinda weird but it works. Not too much pomegranate,  just enough to taste the sweet and tart of the fruit.
I asked the couple who were next to me who also had fish what they thought of it, and they agreed it was a refreshing change of pace.
Lost half a beef taco. 
$26. With tip. 
Good food
Service or process needs work.Hands down! One of my favorite taco places in the city. My favorite is the fish taco and the pork.
My suggestion is to go with a friend and order all the tacos and share them. It's perfect! 
Don't forget the ranch water. It's basically a margarita with topo chico, but still yummy!This place has a casual feel and something you'd expect out of a walk up taco truck. While not being in a necessarily walk friendly area there's easy street parking. 
I got a chicken and beef taco through a cheese quesadilla in there in case I was still hungry. The tacos were really good. Added their their verde sauce which was especially good. 
The highlight of the meal for me was the chicharrones with queso. They brought them out still popping from the fryer. 
This would be a full 5 star if they had more room for an air conditioned space. Courtyard is ruff during the summer, but this is more of a first world problem complaint.This is my favorite taco and bowl place in NOLA. They used to be a food truck, but are now a super casual and delicious spot on Tchoup. Great for good weather, but also have cover for some shade and rain. Their cocktails are delicious and fresh, their queso is yummy, their salsa is not chunky, which for me is salsa goals. My bf loves their fried fish, I love their chicken bowl, and thank goodness they are picky eater friendly. It's also a nice place to hang out a little for some friend time when they're less busy. Right now we're playing some impromptu cribbage. Stop by and support a small business!!!This restaurant was fantastic, everything was seasoned so well, the toppings were well portioned and flavorful. The tortillas were delicious and didn't fall apart. The horchata was made from scratch, not overly sugary, it was perfect! The salsa was amazing! My favorite taco was the beef. The only thing I wasn't too fond of was how greasy the pork was, but it was still so good. There was plenty of seating. The staff was very friendly. Will definitely be revisiting.You have been warned!! This place is addicting and the outside seating is a lovely addiction. The tacos are filling and the food is made with love. Don't forget the herb rice and queso. This place is great for a quick on the go bite or a nice light dinner plus a horchata to wash down all of the amazing food.I would say this place has a quaint hole in the wall type of feel that's also perfect for dates. I recommend getting the fish taco as it was super crispy, and it was also topped with promegranate seeds which set it apart from other fish tacos! Felt like it could use a little bit more sauce though as the cabbage overpowered the fish taco. I also had the chicken taco and it was more on the dry side. The guac and chips were definitely delicious tho as the chips were ready, hot and crispy delicate.After going to this place for the first time a month ago, I've been back about 5 times in the past month. The pork tacos are phenomenal, especially with the pineapple that they mix in with the pork. In addition, the chips and queso are exquisite and a must order. Super easy to pick up to go as they only take about 10 minutes to complete an order. Highly recommend for anyone who likes food.I've come here 3 times already and is because their sauces and tacos are amazing. I always get the beef and al pastor, but have also tried the chicken and the fish one and they are all equally delicious. They also don't hold back on the amount of meat put in them, but for the price they shouldn't. Parking is a little rough as it's on a main road and busy and potentially dangerous but the tacos are worth the drive from wherever you are coming from in the NOLA region.Y'all, this place is great and when they are fully open, they will be fire! 
Space: adorable cottage on Tchop near Port Orleans Brewing. You walk in and order and then go outside for a seat in their margarita garden. There are about 8 tables that are under covering, so even though it was raining today, the outdoor space is usable. There are more tables that are not covered, but I'll have to explore that area when it's not cold and raining.
Service: the staff could not have been nicer! Even though they were SLAMMED today, the cashier was friendly and helpful and the employees seemed to honestly be enjoying their work environment. 
Food: everything is scratch made! That's right y'all, HANDMADE TORTILLAS. And let me tell you, these tortillas rival the flour tortillas I had from street vendors in Mexico City. Since they were still doing a pop up, the only food options were breakfast migos tacos and fried fish tacos. I got a few of each for my boyfriend and I and while we both enjoyed each of them, there is a split decision about which was superior. Oh, and to top it off, they serve fresh squeezed OJ and Mojo coffee that you can get with homemade horchata  
As of now, they are only doing pop-ups out of their store because they are still waiting on their liquor license. I predict that once they have that, this will be the go-to neighborhood hang out with amazing tacos and a margarita garden!O.   M.   G.!!!!!! The fish taco here is probably the best thing I've eaten all year, and we *love* to eat. Run, don't walk, to this gem to get the best fish tacos of your life, perfectly balanced margaritas, and a slurpable refreshing limonada (lime-aid), that had me hankering for more. The brisket taco was also good, but the crispy battered fish (and there was some sort of seasoning in the batter I can't put my finger on), had just a hint of smoky-ness, and came with delicately shredded cabbage, a sprinkle of onion and a light crema sauce. They hand make all their own tortillas in house daily, and it showed-- the tacos came on the perfect, chewy, lightly griddled vessel.  This place far exceeded our expectations (and they were friendly too!). Would put this on the list of regular hangout spots. Wow! They hit it out of the park!hands down some of the best tacos I've ever had. the tortillas were amazing, super soft. I can't wait to visit NOLA again just to make a few stops here!The fish taco with the pomegranate is the best I've ever had. Because of this taco, I'm seeing colors that don't exist, and my sex life is better by several orders of magnitude. 5 stars. Would definitely smash again.I love this place! We had one of each taco and I enjoyed all of them. The fish one was the most impressive with flavor and texture. 
It is all outdoor seating so if you plan on visiting, check the weather.I have eaten here once and gotten take out twice. Overall, I think the tacos are generally very good and the other items are okay, but certainly good enough to keep returning. Bests: chicken tacos, guacamole
The queso is like any other queso, but the guacamole I had was very good. My favorite taco is the chicken (really well spiced) and the deluxe option includes canary beans, grilled cheese, and guacamole--which is definitely worth it. I think that some of the taco options might be a touch bland in the non-deluxe versions. The pork has been pretty fatty when I've had it. The farmers taco is a great vegetarian taco. The breakfast taco isn't my favorite, the chorizo seemed to be under-seasoned. 
It's a little hot to sit out in the courtyard for the next couple months, but I'm very happy with this addition to local taco options.I came with low expectations after reading the reviews.
The guacamole is really nice and management is sooo smart to offer chicharrones in addition to tortilla chips. 
I had the beef bowl, with no rice (noticing a low carb trend!). Shredded cabbage and pickled with vegetables and plain capellini beans in addition to guacamole, pepitas, and a LOT of spice. It was good but not amazing.
Outdoor seating only. I saw a single portable AC. This will become an issue in August!This place has some good tacos with better tortillas than many other joints in town. They pretty regularly offer special tacos that rotate randomly.  You can sit anywhere you want as long as you enjoy outdoor dining as they have covered and uncovered patio dining here.  The food is ordered at a counter and then you are given a number and they bring it out to you.  The food is usually brought out pretty quickly and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes for my tacos.  They have a couple of hot sauces and some water at a little station in the covered patio section.  They also sell booze and I have tried some of the drinks and they are alright but seem weaker than some others joints.  
Overall this is a decent spot to grab a really quick meal and it is also really near Tipitina's for an added bonus.As I native Texan living in the Big Easy, I can say these are the BEST tacos this side of the Mississippi. I may never go home!I gotta say I was left was a bad taste in my mouth and it was t the food. I introduced a couple of friends to this spot and we ordered 5 deluxe tacos with 2 margaritas and 2 sparkling waters. All good so far but when I asked for a couple extra sauces (was given 3 for 5 tacos) I was charged and had to use my debit card since they don't take cash. I find it very petty and kind of a turn off spending what we did and being petty over 2 habanero sauces. Think I'm going to pick somewhere else off tchop next time. There's a lot of good places to choose fromCaught up with a Yelper Friend, René and boy has it been a minute.  I've managed to see her twice since October of 2019. Ugh too long.
Let's meet up at Barracuda suggested René.  
After I found street parking, René was already online and ordering a drink, I'll take one too! That was a thoughtful touch to the line and all the usual interesting people had decided Thursday is for tacos too. Let the people watching commence.
As we approached the front of the line, we made our menu choices.  When it was our turn, we went in to the counter.  
Tacos, pickles, taco bowl to go and another cocktail for moi.  The courtyard was really nice and we found a seat right away.  It actually looked pretty normal and I was happy to get out again.
We chatted our way through beef(moi) and crispy fish (René)tacos, munching on pickles and sipping our margaritas.  After all the talk was done and the tacos were gone, it was time to leave and I was honestly a bit sad. 
I'll probably revert back to fish tacos, I was personally bummed I didn't order them, but I was trying to be adventurous.  Here's the thing, this is exactly where the saying "if it ain't broke " is perfect.  I like what I like.....and I like Barracuda.
 (Now imagine Barracuda by Heart faintly playing during my closing words) 
I'll be back to nosh on tacos and margaritas REAL soon.  You can bet Nancy and Ann Heart on that one.....The fish tacos are filled with a burst of flavor! Wash those down with a Frozen Mangonada and you're good to go. If you want really good food in New Orleans you have to go head here.The spot is nice and great atmosphere. However, my food was cold when I received it which was a bummer. The margarita was good though.The food at Barracuda is so well flavored and the margaritas always taste so fresh. They also have different sauces that you can use to spice up your food. The queso has pomegranate seeds in it, which surprised but tasted fantastic! Really fresh and tasty food all around. The outdoor seating is great too!Doesn't look like much from the street but the back picnic area is brand new.  Let's cutt to the chase... Tacos are ridiculous!  SOOOOOO GOOD!  Margaritas?  Soo good!  Go to this place and be happy!I'm addicted to this place. I eat here at least 3x/week. Best tacos in town, by far. Always consistent and delicious. The fish taco is local catfish, not gross tilapia that most places use. And the pomegranate seeds add such a great flavor pop. And the salsa macha... so good that I bought a jar of it. The chicken taco is my other staple - great seasoning. I've tried every taco and they're all fantastic. I used to get the beef and pork frequently too, just been trying to cut back on meat. But they were also great. Fresh and never greasy. I also rotate the veggie tacos sometimes. Delicious salsas too. I love the house made tortillas, the drinks and the loyalty points program. Great outdoor seating. Super Covid safe with only one group allowed in at a time to order. Friendly staff always wearing masks. I honestly could eat here everyday. Sometimes I do. It's my favorite addition to the neighborhood. So good!! One of the few things to bring me joy in 2020! Thank you!!Best tacos ever!!! You must try the fish taco, chicken taco (deluxe style), and the steak quesadilla!! The green crema that comes with the quesadilla is amazing!! I like how they grill the cheese onto the tortilla instead of a normal melt. Sooo good. The outdoor seating setup is a nice vibe too! I would visit NOLA just to eat here.