Really happy this locally famous restaurant and family came back to business! Serving the community with the BEST FRIED CATFISH in town! Always HOT and Ready!Food is fantastic & worth the wait (which was about an hr to be seated & another 30 mins for the food).  I'll definitely return to dine in or order take out. Fresh catfish & potato salad. Delish!!This place needs to be on your list to visit when in New Orleans.  I travel all over and have never had catfish this good.  I had the pleasure to visit the original location more than once.  I was able to take my family there before it closed. Afterwards, my, then, 8 year old began to compare all other catfish to Barrow's and all fell short.  Our recent visit to New Orleans with my, now, 23 year old proved it is still the best catfish we've ever had.
This place is well worth the wait!They only have three items on the menu so I figured they would be done really well. They were! We got the large platter with an extra dose of potato salad and an order of fries and everything was delicious. I am a black pepper fanatic and I didn't even put pepper on my potato salad and that says a lot. It wasn't very busy when we went and we had great service. All condiments were brought to the table before the food was delivered. I would definitely recommend and will go back.WELCOME BACK BARROWS! So glad to have this place from my childhood and young adulthood back! This is the best fried fish in the city, HANDS DOWN! The lines are rightfully around the block upon it's return and they did not disappoint!! The fish was a delicious as ever!I am highly disappointed, it's been long over due for the restaurant to make its present and fail their customers !! It does not taste even close to the old recipe!! Bring back the authentic taste plsDelicious Catfish. Cooked perfectly. Not greasy, great flavor. Literally catfish, fries and potato salad are the only thing on the menu. But if you are a catfish lover this is the place. Staff is very nice. Multiple servers checked on us. Great experience.Good Catfish Could Be Cooked To Order
This is supposed to be the panicle place for catfish and it is good. This place can get very busy and that is the way it was upon my visit. I could tell that my order was not fried fresh; it didn't exhibit the crispy crust. It was evidently dispatched from under a heat lamp having been fried ahead time due to the overload of customers to accommodate. The potato salad is good but the plate had only white sliced bread on it and not toasted; no butter. The table has no condiments on it; those have to be asked for. I requested hot sauce and tarter sauce and it was brought to me in a small metal thimble, not much in it as far as the tarter sauce. As far as the price goes, it is quite expensive for a catfish plate, though it dose have a good serving amount even on the smaller platters.It's as good as I remember pre-Katrina! Friendly and attentive waitstaff, clean environment, and catfish lightly battered and fried to perfection. Beautifully renovated warehouse space begs to be photographed. Back to the cuisine: Small menu but was told that they're expanding it soon. Also highly recommend the potato salad. And even the pickles are tasty.Food was good it was only fish. The bread would be better if it was toasted and had butter on it!!Parking could be a problem it is a small shopping mall area.But besides all this the fish was hot and good!!!Small place with a big taste!
From my understanding this place was good pre Katrina. They just reopened in a new location post Katrina a couple of months ago. 
Simple menu and they do it well. Hot fried fish, white bread, and potato salad. All was very good. I was sad when my plate was empty. I would come here again.The food is just as we remembered! The catfish melatonin in your mouth. The potato salad is tasty and fresh. They give you enough condiments and the sweet tea is truly a Louisiana sweet tea... Reminded me.of my grandma's! The service is what to be expected for a restaurant that has just opened. If you are in a hurry, call for a to go plate. Otherwise, please be patient. They are working diligently to get you seated and served. Believe me, it is worth the wait!!!This is the best catfish in New Orleans. Very clean establishment and top notch service.I like it when a restaurant chooses one thing and does it really well.  I ordered to go and my fish was freshly fried, crispy and delicious. I wish they would make their own specialty tartar and not give out those nasty tartar packs that is basically mayo; the fish deserves only the best condiment.  Service with a smile would have garnered 5 stars.  Perhaps on my next trip.A Place of legend in New Orleans. Barrows Catfish certainly did not disappoint, Being a huge fried fish person I was excited to finally get a chance to go. While their I ordered the catfish king platter which comes with about 7 fillet's of fish, with toast and you can chose from fries or potato salad. The catfish was excellent and perfectly battered. The fries were thin cut and crispy, while the potato salad tasted a little different than I'm used being that I've never had red bell peppers in my potato salad. The staff is really sweet, you often see Ms. Deidra talking to guest and also her son Kenneth. If you are in New Orleans and in the mood for some Catfish I certainly recommend Barrows!Barrow's Catfish is back in business y'all. Don't let the price fool ya. This is the $21.00 plate. It fed 3 of us with leftovers.  Same Barrow's same quality BEST catfish #nola #catfish #potatosalad
I have to give a social mention to our waiter Jordan. He was the model of class and graciousness which only added to an already exemplary experience. Thank you,  Jordan for excellent service.The catfish is great! The service isn't rushed, but the fish makes up for it. The fries and green salad are wonderful too. Thank you to Barrow's for reopening. Love it!Remember going here when I was little before Katrina and was excited to go to the reopening. My boyfriend and I went and were immediately welcomed by the most wonderful staff. They were all smiling and seemed happy to be there. We were seated quickly and served in a decent amount of time. The catfish was DELICIOUS. Super crispy outside, perfectly flaky inside. Simply put - best catfish I've eveeeeer had.I am so glad this place opened.  In about 5 minutes, give or take, I can have hot crispy flaky well seasoned catfish.  The staff is always friendly and welcoming.  We've only done take out but the service is ridiculously fast!  Don't be discouraged about the price point because they load the plates with fresh hot fish!  Not pictured:  The potato salad is DELICIOUS.  I'm often not a fan of restaurant potato salad but this one is unexpectedly YUM!  Next time I'm definitely trying the sweet tea!!From the look and ambience of this restaurant to the superior customer service and friendliness of its owner I would definitely go back here again. I ordered the oyster Po Boy and it was delicious. The food was so fresh. Really enjoyed the music that was playing in the restaurant.Same taste as before they have awesome fish OMG.  And the tea should be bottled it the good.The fish was hot and fresh, the wait was not. The staff was plentiful with nothing to do but wait on fish. The bar area was packed with people waiting for to go orders, the newness of the restaurant has the place packed most of the time I think once everyone has returned to this novel place for a refreshing visit the foot traffic will decrease immensely. This place has a very limited menu they serve fish, french fries, potato salad, and sliced bread. The drinks are a variety of fountain drinks which weren't working the night we were there and tea and lemonade or a combination of the two. The fish seems to be fry to order so it comes to your table smoking, but don't go hungry because there are no appetizers. The plates start at $ 19, the prices are ok but there isn't enough variety or choices to the menu. Even the condiments were limited, you get these tiny cups of tartar sauce, hot sauce, and ketchup brought to your table after the fish is brought out. There are no desserts, nothing but fish and potatoes and bread, not sure how long that menu will work in this millennia. It's worth a visit because it's a revival business, but the building isn't very large so the seating is limited, its located in Carrollton in a strip mall so parking can be limited, even though it's located in a huge parking lot. Traffic will be a challenge because its located on Earhart almost one or two blocks off Carrollton.  The staff although there were many, they seemed confused and befuddled on how to wait tables and what to do with their time. We waited at least 10 min for a menu 20 min for drinks 30 min for food, but we were seated 3 min after walking in the door. I hope this historic business does well but they are going to have to get it together. When I want to reminisce I will return but other than that...Good luck and I hope you flourish and do extremely well!Great service!!! Amazing Food!! My family and I came to Barrow's after a long workday. We were seated timely and our service was amazing! Ask for Meek! She made sure our evening delightful. The vibe is the phenomenal... great music. BUT, above all, the catfish is excellent!Ok people. YES! Believe the hype. Barrows is some of the lightest and cleanest catfish you will ever eat. Not fishy, stringing, spicy or salty at all. Just golden fried goodness. This is a quick casual restaurant where if you go in the mid afternoon has little to no wait. So the fish yes is 5 stars. So why the four star reviews? They are a bit pricey. Plates vary from $19-$21. So bring a friend and share the large plate. Also The parking is a challenge. Located between French Rivera and Crane Pediatric Rehab there are lots of cars and children around so drive slow. (A side note please don't park in the handicap parking for your to-go orders. I'd hate for a mother of a child with  cerebral palsy to miss their therapy session so you don't have to walk and get your fish plate.) I hope they will expand their business plan and become the raising canes of catfish. Or possibly expand to a bigger location.Can't say enough great things about this restaurant. Great CATFISH!!!!! Just as good as it was at their 1st location years ago. No swai, basa or pollock passed off as catfish here folks. This is the real deal!!!!!!!!!  Plentiful portions, friendly professional staff and casual comfortable atmosphere complete with relaxing music . Corn bisque is amazing LOADED with crawfish and shrimp. My new go to for good, fresh, made to order food prepared with TLC. The best catfish in the Metro area and worth every penny IMO. Puts most fried "catfish" to shame. Try them out for yourself!!!!The catfish was delicious. The potato salad was okay. I prefer traditional potato salad. Conveniently, I was able to call my order in and avoid the take out line. Great customer service!4 stars because it was crazy crowded and the door kept being open resulting in flies coming in but the wait was about 15-20 min.. so I was a bit frustrated but the fish tasted so good! It was crispy and and lightly seasoned it was good.. the bread was just plain and wasn't a big fan of their type of fries and the potato salad was ok.. so overall I'd give 4 starsPlates are plentiful! This is actually the review from my second plate whichnos less than 24hrs from the first! Its that good. The bisque is AMAZING and the fish is plentiful and cooked to perfection. This is definitely my regular spot now.Barrow's Catfish was truly missed. Lots of memories growing up. They are back and it's just as my family remembered! Catfish at its finest!!!The fish is fresh the service is quick! This will be where i go everytime I have fix for fried fish! Best in the city!!!This is one of those restaurants that you dream about when they are gone. I have so many fond memories  of the old location, I couldn't wait to try this one, run by one of Mr Barrow's daughters. They do have some kinks to work out as far as service goes, but hopefully  that will work itself out. For one thing, the to go line clogs up the entrance to the dining  room, so that really does need to be reworked. Also, the server would just disappear...I kid you not we waited about 30 minutes for him to come get the money. Finally we just got up and went to the to go counter to pay. Also if they leave salt pepper and ketchup on the table, it would help. The food however.....OMG !!! This fish is so light and perfectly  seasoned....it just melts in your mouth!!! Then the lemonade...so many times after  the old restaurant was gone I longed for these two combinations!!! The food was so good we went back 2 days later...LOL. Keep in mind it is not cheap...plates are $19, $20, & $21...and only come with potato salad, fries or green salad.....there is almost always a line, and if you want to dine in you have to wade through  the unforgiving to go line to see if there are seats in the dining room. All that said, your taste buds are in for a treat!!!Most Excellent!  The catfish was fried to perfection.  Crisp, non-greasy, super fresh and clean tasting.  The side of potato salad and bread were good as well and rounded out the dish nicely.Amazing catfish !!! Love the food here . The service is very inexperienced & lacking customer service . They take your order and never look back . This would make me just order Togo & not dine in . Please step your game up !!! Get some experience FOH because everything else is on point .Excellent food and service.  This was my fiance's childhood restaurant that he enjoyed as a child and has reopened.  He was so excited when we arrived and couldn't wait to taste the food and we were not disappointed.  We left there with full stomachs ,  the pleasure of great food,  service and atmosphere.  Check out this fine reopened New Orleans tradition!  Valda and EmmettThere are lots of great places to eat in New Orleans but few master the trifecta of superior food, excellent service and so cool atmosphere. This place is a winner. From the warm greeting upon arrival, I knew I made the right choice to dine away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarters. The fried seafood is seasoned to perfection and is served with the best buttered bread!!! I only ordered salad for balance. Not pictured is the potato salad that rivals any nana's and the crispy french fries. Simply good eating.Glad they are back!!! I went with my partner for a nice Saturday Lunch and we had the tasty gumbo along with the seafood combo.  The catfish was perfect with nice portions!!!  The staff we attentive and the food was cooked to order.  If you want some good southern fried catfish head to this place!!!We ordered the trio platter and shared it between two adults and a child. The menu says there was up charge for sharing but we didn't get charged and even if we had it would have been well worth the $5/person. All three of us left completely satisfied without being overstuffed. We had the shrimp rice, potato salad, and French fries as sides. All 3 were delicious. The potato salad was light, fluffy and flavorful. The fries were thin flat cut and fantastic. We were pleased with the fried oyster, shrimp and fish. We will definitely be back. Oh wait I forgot about dessert. On the recommendation of our waitress we had the Barrow bundt cake. It was a bundlet served with a warm pecan whiskey sauce. Just the right amount of sauce without drowning the cake. I think our total bill including tip was $65.Great catfish
Highly recommend Barrow's Catfish Restaurant.....fresh food,  friendly atmosphere & great service.We drove 2 hours and we were SO happy we did! Beautiful place, beautiful vibe! We are definitely going back.Finally tried this place out.  Great atmosphere, very limited menu.  Catfish was good, shrimp was okay.  The fries were uniquely good -- like a flattened steak fry.  An iced tea is $5 and no free refills, never heard of that and not my thing.  Worth trying out, would repeat if had to, but not anxious to.The food was extremely yummie. It was my 1st time eating there. It's a company that's been in business for years. However, they began at another location. One my husband & his parents patronized frequently. I love the ambience, shows it would be a great lover's escape.YES!!!!!!! I can't wait to go back. The portions are huge, so we shared catfish. It was fried to perfection. Even though we were full we couldn't turn down dessert. We had the cheesecake and it was delicious. I will be back soon.Great fresh fried fish! I usually takeout orders. So today I'm waiting on my two fish plates & decided to get a beverage. I gave the cashier $5 & received changed. I couldn't believe I bought that drink. That's too much & it was taken out too. I didn't need s refill. Just isn't fair!I had the seafood platter with catfish and shrimp, although pricey, it was amazing ! They also have a soup and salad lunch special, we ordered the gumbo and house salad, which was good and reasonably priced.THE best catfish in the city!!! The catfish and red beans special on Mondays is delicious!!Awesome catfish and potato salad.  Great freindly service.  Wouldn't go any place else!!!Heard about this place for years. Couldnt wait to try...what a disappointment! First, I had to say hello twice to server cuz apparently greeting customers as they come in is not done anymore. Then when I'm seated & trying to get situated, the unfriendly server is refolding the napkin I just picked up to put in my lap. I said "dont worry about it, I'm getting ready to put it in my lap. She says oh sorry, it's my OCD.  Ordered shrimp & catfish poboy. Food came out fast which surprised me but when I tried it I knew why. It was lukewarm & catfish was more batter than fish. 2 small catfish filets, more like pieces. Decent amount of warm, uncrispy shrimp. Want lemonade? $5, no refills. Want unsweetened tea? Hopefully u like sweet n low, that was all they had. I've had better, fresher, crisper, hotter at N.O. Hamburger & Seafood or N.O. Food & Spirits. Prices?...oh yeah, ridiculous for that quality of food.  Can you tell that I won't be going back?Same great taste!!! Same great portions !!  I ordered the large and it was more then enough, the left overs was breakfast the next day .Thanks for coming back!! Barrows was truly missed.. looking forward to many more Catfish, potato salad and breadAfter attending college in Nola, living there for 15 years and now living back in Ohio I have a different appreciation for the food in Nola. I  look forward to visiting New Orleans mostly for the food! I'm allergic to shellfish but love fried fish! My cousin (from New Orleans) suggested we eat at Barrows for lunch and we were not disappointed! The potato salad is amazing and they give you nice size portions. The dining area is nice and quaint. The staff is professional and welcoming. I will definitely be back when I am in town.This restaurant is small and unsuspecting, but had great food. I ordered the Crab Claws and the Crawfish & Corn Bisque and was impressed with both! The menu offers a good variety of seafood dishes and at a really decent price. Would definitely recommend if you're in the area or visiting XULA.The food was a little pricey compared to the portions that were served. However, the quality of the food was great. When I go back, it will definitely be during lunch time on a weekday because they have nicely priced lunch specials. Our server, Joe, was polite and attentive. My husband swears that the fried oysters he had were the best fried oysters that he has had. The menu is limited. So if you want a variety then this is not the place for you. But I will say the items that they have are cooked well. I would say that I was little surprised that the sweet tea was $5 a glass and didn't have any refills. But do appreciate the sweet tea being Luzianne tea with lemon (so staying local). The fries were amazing. They were very thin and crunchy but the wide cut. The best fries I've had from a restaurant!I did phone order from the parking lot (BECAUSE IT IS HOTTTTT ). The young man who picked up the phone was so pleasant! I went in and paid for my food and the staff saw why I was hesitant to get out the car as I waddled to the front door. I went back to my car and a few minutes later, got a knock at the window! He brought the food to me! That was the nicest thing and the best service I received from a restaurant in a long time! The food is amazing too, I'll definitely be back!!!!!5 Stars = Service
5 Stars = Food
I ordered the crawfish pasta with a fillet on top.  The fish was seasoned too perfection and fried right,  not to hard or soft.  The pasta sauce was a heavy whipping cream/cheese sauce blend with a few spices and very flavorful. 
My husband ordered the shrimp and fish Po Boy and he enjoyed it.  He mentioned bread was very soft. 
Tarter sauce is good! Food came fast. 
Highly recommend this spot if looking for some good catfish!Highly recommended! My family & I came in from California to try this place and it did not disappoint. Service was great and the owner Kenneth took great care of us. Would definitely return !Catfish is seriously good!! It's on the pricey side in my opinion, but if you don't feel like frying your own fish, go here! The gumbo wasn't the best I've had, but good enough restaurant quality. Service was pretty good as well. That catfish....something seriousBarrows Catfish Restaurant is awesome we were greeted with a smile and great conversation. the food is awesome and you must try the "Hollygrove" (its a drink) - awesome!  The potato salad awesome fish and shrimp was fresh, crispy on the outside and succulent on the inside.  The food is outstanding, but the staff was perfectionGreat food consistently rules here!!!  
Let's face it sometimes small minority businesses get a bad rep and placed in the medicrocy bucket for okay food and poor service.  THIS IS NOT THE CASE with Barrows (fabulous) Catfish (and other wonderful seafood)!  These guys are a triple threat with outstanding food, atmosphere and location (well at least for me).
The delicately fried catfish and overly generous portions are almost a given...but the oysters.....wait I need a moment.......okay I'm back.... they almost gave me an out of body experience.  I'm not sure what magic or fairy dust they used for seasoning, but they should keep it on lock because it was definitely gold.  
AND the desserts....another moment please.. ....homemade bundt cake with spiced burbon and the smoothest ice cream are the things food lovers dreams are made of..  So much so I warned the manager/owner(?) not to allow my husband to come back to just order multiple desserts without telling me.
Finally...the service.  Thank you for making us feel like old friends in the most genuine way.  The ease in which we were greeted, treated and happily sent on our way was not without notice.  Our server had that NOLA sass in the most appropriate ways that made you laugh, but gave you time to savor both your meal and company.  Finally when it was time to leave  it indeed felt as if we were leaving a friend's house...big smiles, a bro hug with a promise to my husband that he wouldn't be ratted out for eating multiple desserts....(yeah I heard you).
All the way around a great experience...I went here for lunch recently with my mom, and we split the seafood platter. It was more than enough catfish and shrimp, sliced French bread and French fries for two people. The catfish and seafood were so fresh. And we loved the fries--long, thin hand-cut fries with a touch of parsley. The service was excellent. And the dining room felt comfortable. We can't wait to go back. Definitely one of our new go-to spots and one of the best places to get fried catfish and shrimp in town!I'm not sure what was better the food or the service.  As soon as we walked in everyone was so pleasant and polite and the food matched.  The fish was amazing and the shrimp and oyster poboy was so good.  The banana bourbon cake had my friend talking about it for two days straight.  Next time we are back in New Orleans that will be our first stop.  Thank you again to the amazing staff for the great service.Love the place - be ready to stand in line - the fish is great - but the price can be prohibitiveMy best friend and her mom rant and rave about this place so when I came home for Mardi Gras, I had to stop here. Catfish is my favorite so why not? I had half/half ("the pleaser"... I don't have time for "the teaser"), the corn & crawfish bisque, a sample of my friend's gumbo, and the fish & shrimp platter. Everything was delicious! It was chilly out so the soups definitely warmed us up. Although I only had a small amount of the gumbo, I can say whoever is in that kitchen knows what they're doing. I usually don't eat "restaurant" gumbo but it taste like a gumbo a mom or grandma would make. It's been a week and I can't get it Barrow's off of my mind. The food is fried to perfection and you get a great portion for the price. The service was great as well. I can't wait to go back home during Jazz Fest so I can get the oysters next time.It had been many years since I have enjoyed the food from Barrow's. They were closed down by Hurricane Katrina in 2005 and have recently reopened at a new location not far from their old location. Since I had a trip planned to New Orleans I put them on my must visit locations. I have thought about this visit for days and they did not disappoint. They are a family owned business that has been passed down through the years. I think one of  Barrow's daughters and her husband run the restaurant. 
I arrived straight off the highway and met a friend of mine there. I arrived first and he a short time later. While I waited for him I had a cup of their gumbo. Someone's mother or grandmother must be in that kitchen. It definitely tasted homemade, not like most restaurant gumbo's. There wasn't a issue for parking but if for some reason the lot is full there is plenty of street parking for any overflow. 
We ordered the Classic, which is 5-6 pieces served with your choice of Potato salad, French fries or House salad. I got the Potato salad and he had the House salad. We also had the classic half & half tea. The fish was fried to perfection and the tea also had the right amount of lemonade to give it the perfect flavor. 
If you like catfish, this it is a must visit if you are in New Orleans!I've been wanting to go here since I found out it was reopening. I wasn't elated over the food but I wasn't mad I went there either. 
I ordered the "Little Billy"platter with french fries(I don't eat anyone's potato salad but my dad's) and a bowl of seafood gumbo, to go. Both were...good. Not great, but...good.
The gumbo had a good "gumbo" flavor to it, but i felt like something was missing. THE MEAT WAS MISSING!!! There wasn't nearly enough meat/shrimp in my to-go bowl, it was 98% juice only. I promise there were 3 shrimp and maybe 7 pieces of smoked sausage...i was pretty disappointed. The gumbo was hot tho.
On to my Little Billy platter. The fries were thinly cut steak fries. They were hot, clearly cooked to order, they were as good as far as french fries go. The fish was also hot and cooked to order. I'm not gonna lie, I've had better, but it was good and fulfilling. I got 7 pieces of fish in my platter...which is more than enough for me!
I washed it all down with a Hollygrove Pleaser drink. I was good, really sweet. You should definitely try it, especially if you're a lemonade fan. 
Overall, the food is decently good. It's a NOLA staple and hopefully it's hear to stay this time. I'll be going back.Trio platter include shrimp, fish and oysters. Everything was delicious and was fried to perfection! The gumbo was just ok. A little pricey for the meal compared to other restaurants in the area and what is offered.I do love the fried catfish here.  Given the pricing, you can't go wrong with the Catfish King.  Sure it's a bunch of catfish but you can always have leftovers (or not).  I am drawn here by the catfish so I haven't tried anything else on the menu but that's okay in my book (the catfish is that good).The best catfish ever!!! Amazing owners and fantastic wait staff. I cannot get enough of their catfish and potato salad.What a classic! A staple in the community! A restaurant that consistently serves their food hot and fresh. I love this place. The staff is pleasant and on point. Smiles when you walk in all the way until you walk out. The fried fish is always fried perfectly, potato salad seasoned well, and the fries are thin and crispy. Do I need to say more?! Nope, let the pic below speak for itself. I love this place and if you haven't been give it a try.Where should I begin? How about we were their fist customers of the day! Amazing customer service! Started off with the half and half drinks. We decided to get the crawfish and corn Bisque mmmmmm ..savory delicate delish...followed by a couple pieces of their catfish, after all that's what they are known for!! Yes there's more had oyster Po-boys SMDH excellent Their corn meal batter fried In was light and not over seasoned .. ate half with with bread and ate them without the other half... I knew i was saving up for dessert! They did not disappoint me not one bit! I got the whiskey praline bundt cake with a scoop of vanilla scoop you must get it... go ahead order that first then go for everything else !! okay. Listen I can assure you I will be back for more next year!! This a family business that the generation keep this beautiful legacy alive!! Great job on everything! From their choice of music. We also enjoyed some of the LSU game while we ate!!!! So I'm laying here happy miserably full as a tick ...and love it!!!!Amazing food! Our service was outstanding and our waitresses were on it. Of course, the catfish is always great, but the the bisque is a hit too! 
A consistent favorite.I had the seafood three combo togo with fries. Everything was delicious! I wonder if they hand cut their French fries, they were really good. The fish was hot and crispy. The shrimps were seasoned just right and the oysters too. I think I will get the potato salad next time as a side. My mother got that and she said she really enjoyed it. I'll be back again to dine in next time. Vibrant atmosphere. Great spot to bring friends visiting New Orleans who want to have some good New Orleans seafood.I'm given this restaurant a 4 because service can use some improvement! My fiance' had gotten the fish plate with potato salad and I got the oysters n fish with French fries cold (don't bother with FF), I asked for potato salad since FF were cold. The food was great. Good consistency real catfish not Talipa which some places do. Potato salad was seasoned well. We also tried the banana cake which also was good! We're hoping for our 2nd visit to be more attentive with service.  It was only 5 people there so no one should have to call the waiter for refills. But over all I would recommend eating there.Visiting New Orleans! Found this spot from Where Black NOLA Eats fb page..
Order: 
1- classic catfish platter w/ side potato salad
2- catfish & fried oyster platter w/potato salad
3- cup of gumbo
***notes side options with platters are potato salad, fries or side salad
I'll start with my negative first:
Gumbo was very salty. Minimal shrimp and sausage.  I didnt think it was good at all. I wouldn't order this again. 
Now let's talk about the good. 
We were seated right away...time was around 430pm on a Friday and there was plenty of room.
Catfish is super fresh. Lightly breaded with cornmeal. Fried to perfection and was hot. Who does like hot fish!
My babe said that his fish was awesome as well. Oysters were just ok, they were fried too hard. 
Potato salad was good as well.
Note- tarter sauce is not homemade. I didnt care for it and ate the fish as it was. 
Our server was awesome! She was attentive and ensured that we had what we needed. I forgot her name but she had red hair. 
Conclusion: when visiting New Orleans, I will visit and so should you. The catfish is the best that I have tasted at any restaurant. Great job Barrow's family!Same great taste!   Looking forward to my next visit.  I went during lunch hour and was able to dine in and get out within an hour.  I'm hoping for the best for Barrow's on their reopening.Heard Barrow's was reopened and my eyes lit up! I asked is it in the same spot...was told no but on Earhart...So I knew I had to go because I was looking for Barrow's distinct taste...well...it wasn't "dere no mo'" The fish was pretty good but "Old Heads" and old "Hollygrovers"  will be able to agree. However, welcome home Barrow's, glad to see you're back!The fish melts in your mouth, so delicious. I wish they offered a few more side options but overall it was fantastic. This is my new staple fish spot.My goodness.. I had the cup of crawfish and corn bisque. It was delicious. The best I've had and also the catfish and shrimp platter. It was so good and you got some much food. I'll be eating off of it tomorrow too. I wish I would have purchased a dessert to go also but its OK  I will definitely be going back.So I've been meaning to try this spot for awhile and it didn't disappoint. The food was great. Me and my friend split a lil billy platter that came with 6-7 pieces of fish and the half rack of ribs. 
The catfish was excellent. I'm not a huge catfish person but this definitely the best catfish I've had in my life. The skin was flakey and slightly crispy and it was seasoned well. Just needed a little Louisiana hot sauce for that extra kick. 
The ribs were great as well. Honestly everything tasted at least good as the Potato salad and creamed spinach were quality sides. 
But the best thing I ate was the Barrow's banana bourbon cake. OMG this was so dang good. It was moist and the flavor was just out of this world. I might just come back for that cake lol. 
I really like the decor of the place. It felt like a family living room and our server was really good. I can't wait to come back and try their other food....and that amazing cake haha.So the fish was everything. I could eat the fish and nothing else from this restaurant but the sides leave something to be desired. Didn't care for them.  I will be going back for the fish and will stick to that and the bread. 
Excited to have them finally back after Katrina. The service is personable and the atmosphere is really welcoming.I started to give an honest review of my overall experience, which included an unintended 3 hours spent at the restaurant with a large party of out of town guests, but will do such in person on any future visits. What I will say here is that the catfish was tasty, as was the potato salad and gumbo. My guests all seemed to really enjoy their food and I hope to have the same experience in the future if able to be served in a timely manner & with everything I ordered.Delicious food and great service! I had the cheesy crawfish pasta with catfish on top. I substituted the crawfish for grilled shrimp. So good!! We also split the banana bourbon cake. Yummy.