Jeremy was awesome behind the bar. The charbroiled oysters were off the chain! We stumbled in off the street and they made us feel right at home. This is a great bar to grab a drink, a bite or spend the next 30 years trying to figure out what to do with your life.I really can't rave about this place enough. The gentleman who greeted us at the door was our server. I work in the restaurant industry and this man seriously impressed me with his ability to explain every menu item I asked about. He was helpful, knowledgeable, and attentive. He was also friendly and personable - which is more than I can say for most places we've eaten since being here. The food was to die for. We had the whole fish special they were running, but started off with gumbo and the Brussels sprouts. Every piece of food was amazing and really showed off what the kitchen could do. Cocktails were amazing as well. This place has really impressed me and is most definitely my favorite place that I've been too since coming to New Orleans.Had the shrimp remoulade sandwich that included fried green tomatoes and arugula on fresh bread- it was excellent! Fresh, piping hot, great flavor. Friendly serviceCame for a birthday brunch. Started out great. Gio was nice and attentive. Things got really special due to 2 other parties that were celebrating birthdays as well. The restaurant even allowed us to play music and it turned into sort of a nice brunch party but when another 2 people came in, it almost seemed as if we were bit of a nuisance and they wanted us gone. They immediately cut the music off and promptly cut off the mimosas as well telling us at 2:20 PM that they carafe they were giving us would be our last one. Despite us seeing them come out with more bottles that were allegedly for the "dinner service". This was a really disappointing end to what started out as a super fun brunch. 
Crawfish beignets were very saucey. Chicken and waffles were amazing.Not pleased with this place. Stopped in to kill time, ended up killing a lot of time waiting on one drink. Probably won't come back.While the food here was quite tasty, unfortunately the service was INCREDIBLY slow and very disorganized. 
The charbroiled oysters were very good. The Good Life drink was delicious. 
Don't go here if you're in a hurry, but if you've got time, it's worth a trip.This was the highest quality food I had my seven days in Nola! The charbroiled oysters were incredibly done and left me craving more, best I've ever had anywhere. The shrimp gumbo was incredible and really wowed me after I thought I just wasn't a gumbo person. For a person who doesn't like spicy food at all, this was the absolute perfect level where I could really taste and enjoy it. My meal of crab butternut squash risotto was amazing. I miss it now, just remembering it! The wine list here is interesting and eclectic, not just your run of the mill stuff. I loove this place! Make a reservation though, we had to sit at the bar or wait over an hour. #neworleans #foodI must have gone on an off night because the food was meh. The seafood gumbo was super salty and flavorless, and the seafood beinets were a little too wet. The staff, though, was phenomenal.We love Basin. They have great happy hour specials with their bar menu. We especially love the octopus ceviche, crab beignets and the royal red shrimp. Highly recommend if you are walking down Magazine street it's the best place on the street within blocks. Especially for early dinner. They sometimes also do a full coconut drink special that's in a soft coconut, FUN!Delicious fried oyster salad. Prompt and friendly service. Not too noisy for lunch.  Only reason I didn't give it five stars a the seafood beignets were a bit heavy for me. I would recommend for lunch though. Nice location, great service!Service was fantastic. Smoked snapper dip is a great starter, fried avocado was unimpressive, grilled swordfish was cooked to perfection while still being light, added blackened shrimp to the arugula salad (may be the bet salad I've had in Nola), wine selection is strong.  Will definitely be back.It is really too bad this place is not better. It has a great location with outdoor seating, but that is the only great thing about Basin. The service was just plain bad. It took an eternity for everything - drinks, food, the napkin we had to ask for, the fork we had to ask for, the water we had to ask for, the second round we had to ask another server for because ours disappeared... See a theme here! The food was overpriced for what is was - a $14 fish sandwich should come with more than three measly strips of fish on a small, burnt roll - that's it, no chips, no fries, no salad, as listed on the menu, not even a stinking pickle. FYI, that's not something you should charge $14 for - not even close. Even if it tasted good - hard to tell because it only tasted like burnt roll - it needed a whole lot more going on. Overall, there are better places on either side of Basin. Try either one of those. This place won't last long or at least it shouldn't.Basin is a regular spot for us to visit. The location is great, the atmosphere is relaxed and the food is great. My favorite dish is the shrimp remoulade, but everyone else loves the royal reds.  The bar is great and the drink specials are super.  We will continue to visit on a regular basis.Wow, this place rocks and more people need to know about it! Happy hour is 4-7, and the appetizers on the happy hour menu are only $4!!!
We started off with some appetizers for $4 each. The crawfish and crab beignets were delicious and the sauce was a perfect touch. Cajun fries were seasoned well. Octopus ceviche was good but not memorable. The fish tacos were incredible and tastes so fresh. 
After, we got some regular priced small plates. The crawfish mac and cheese is a MUST. The mushroom and grits was pretty good too. The charbroiled oysters are a great choice too. 
ALLLLL of that food was only $50, and needless to say, we all had to unbutton our jeans afterwards. You really get your bang for your buck here. 
The vibe of this place is really cool and casual, and this a great different option from the usual places in the area like Rum House and Salu.We decided to go to Basin for their great food. Went as usual, parked in the lot next to Amici, had a nice dinner for 2 for $100 and went back to the car to see it was booted. I go to this strip of restaurants because the parking is so easy so I decided to go talk to the manager. He was not helpful and said they don't own the lot, can't do anything about the boot, so go suggested that I talk to the bank on Monday. Now our $100 dinner turned into a $190 dinner. Enjoyed the food and all, but wanted readers to beware that they didn't post a sign on their door not to park there anymore, didn't offer help to get the boot off or reduce payment OR a gift card for another visit in lieu of the hassle. Amici also hasn't posted a sign on their building by the lot to let patrons know they no longer own the lot. I don't think this is good for business and also know by them not owning the lot anymore, it's bad for them because patrons now have to find street parking.The boudin balls were so delicious, but my favourite was definitely the deep fried catfish. Holy cow, I have never had anything like it! Certainly going back here when we visit next!Best gumbo we had in New Orleans.  On our last night, we wanted one last bowl of gumbo.  Asked for recommendations and were told to try Basin.  It was flavorful with the perfect amount of spice! LOVED IT!
Before it came out, the waitress gave me a large spoon and a crab cracker, so I knew there would be some hard shelled seafood in the dish.  There ended up being a small crab, which was my least favorite part.  It was good, but a bit hard to eat- I wasn't given another plate for the shells so I had to put them in the soup that I was eating.  It got messy.  I would have rather had more shrimp (which were actually better than the crab) with less mess than the crab.Great chargrilled oysters and crawfish beignets where delicious. The New Orleans mule was a nice stiff drink
. I did t try the Good Life cocktail but I heard that one was good to try.Great seafood with a friendly staff and a creative cocktail menu. Two must haves are the royal red shrimp and the whole fish.Blue crab and crawfish beignets are delicious.  The fish tacos look tasty too. Boudin balls were pretty good, the aoli was a good complement.  But I can't say enough about the beignets, so delicious. The crispy pulled pork is quite yummy too.There was a live worm in one of the oysters! I don't care if some people think that's acceptable but to me it makes me feel it was not cleaned thoroughly. When we asked the server about the worm he told us it was a baby crab... No I have eyes it was a parasite and still alive swimming in the oyster grime. I don't even know how many we actually ate before we noticed this one with the worm.  I'm so grossed out. Oysters will be ruined for me for a long time....Had the most delicious crab and crawfish beignets at a Happy Hour last week. This was my first trip to New Orleans so our host insisted we go and check them out. Needless to say we didn't really have to eat dinner as a few orders of those filled us up, along with our champagne. Great place to duck in out of the afternoon shower while out shopping.They charged us ten dollars for water because we got a bottle of spring water and one sparkling water. Ordered a mojito and I think I was automatically served the premium liquor without asking. The bill was a surprise in the drink department.
The food was excellent and the service was friendly, though.We thoroughly loved our lunch. The charbroiled oysters were delicious as was the po boy. For dessert we enjoyed the peach bread pudding, which was out of this world. Service was great. I highly recommend it.We stumbled upon this place while trying to find a lunch spot. The place was pretty, good ambiance. Our waitress was very attentive, especially to my need that I can't eat spicy food. We ordered two shrimp and grits as well as a lunch special - soft shell crabs. All three of us loved it. The shrimp and grits were balanced, tasteful and the sauce was phenomenal. My sister loved her crab, it was very well seasoned. Overall it was an amazing experience and I would definitely recommendFirst review, just wanted to say that Caitlyn was hands down the best waitress I have ever had (party of 9).  Awsome service, good food.I loved their chargrilled/ charbroiled oysters thatI have to come back for a second time. Their savory beignets are a good deal when it's happy hour. 
A friend who is new to oysters got turned off when she had shards of shell left. I got a tiny pearl the other day where I almost chipped my tooth. 
Their tako/ octopus ceviche could use a little zing. The flavor seems to be dumbed down and it is sweet. We were expecting it to be spicy and soulful. This dish was disappointing but the octopus is still good. 
The service is good and attentive. I don't have to ask for water. The drinks are well crafted too. This place is perfect as it is not too crowded unlike the other popular seafood/ oyster places.Awesome 50 Cent oysters on Monday with a fresh fish special when we visited. The bar next-door has a bonfire outside which was nice to finish up with for a nightcap!Great little spot. The Gumbo and charbroiled oysters were spot on. Very relaxed and friendly staff. Will definitely be coming back with Thanos and WW!!My friends brought me here as a belated birthday lunch and it was fantastic. I found out the chef here also owns my favorite restaurant Baru! The food was to die for and the outdoor patio was pleasant. I would go back!Amazing food and super friendly staff. I highly recommend the pork hash! The server was super nice she put up with my friends crazy modifications with no complaints. We had bottomless mimosas for 14 dollars. She filled them promptly when they got low. My friend wanted me to add that the fried green tomato dish was to die for.This was our second time at Basin, and it proved that our experience the first time (in March 2015) was not a fluke. Our server was super nice and attentive and the food was delicious. It's a nice little place with a great atmosphere. Here's what we ate:
*Charbroiled Oysters: They have more than the usual amount of baked-on cheese, which makes these exceptional! 
*Crab and Crawfish Beignets: For reasons I can't explain, these don't do much for me (which is super bizarre, because I love crab, I love crawfish, and I love beignets). But my husband loved them and ranked them #1 of the things we got tonight. So this one's a toss-up. 
*Shrimp Remoulade: This dish comes with the shrimp, an arugula salad, and two fried green tomatoes. My husband doesn't eat tomatoes, which meant I got both, and they were perfect. I don't eat salad, so he got that, and quite liked it. We split the shrimp, and they were nice and plump with a tasty remoulade dressing. (The combo of a bite of shrimp with a bite of fried green tomato was awesome, and he says that the arugula salad went nicely with the shrimp as well as with the crab and crawfish beignets.)
*Crawfish Macaroni and Cheese: This is my personal favorite. The sauce is spot-on and the crawfish elevates it to a whole other level. I could eat this every day and die a happy woman. 
*Banana Rum Cake: OK, so we were disappointed that they only had one dessert option when we were there. Fortunately, the one option was DOPE! We were told the chef's mother makes the rum cake, and it was as moist and flavorful as you could hope for. It was served with vanilla ice cream and topped with a caramel sauce and it all came together for a delicious finale (though we agreed it could have used even more caramel sauce). 
We come to New Orleans once every year or two literally just to eat as many delicious meals as possible in a short period of time. Basin Seafood and Sprits is now "in the rotation" for future visits.Had a lovely meal with my daughter after a day of touring Tulane on Friday. Started off with a cocktail called the Good Life, which  Normally is made with gin but the bartender was accommodating to my request for  vodka.  It was so delicious- a well crafted cocktail.  I had a half dozen of huge delicious oysters on the half shell.  Thank goodness I did not get a dozen, these were huge!  I then had a soft shell crab fried on a delicious corn sauté.  So good.  Mt daughter had the lobster and crawfish-so Rich a few bites in and she was done .  This place was very comfortable and quite.  The wait staff were pleasant and efficient.Yummy seafood place.  Very excellent charbroiled oysters but the highlight was the risotto.  Butternut squash with lump crab.  Perfection.  Friendly service and delightful cocktailsWas taken back by crawfish beignets. Had to try them before simply dismissing them. I'm glad I did. These were extremely good. 
Service was amazing and this place is fairly clean and affordable. I'll be backI really can't wait to try this place again.  As much as I'd like to try more of their menu, I'll have a tough time straying from the seafood platter - it is absolute perfection.I LOVE this new seafood restaurant! The snapper dip is incredible!! The owners are hands-on and incredibly friendly. The staff is great and attentive. It doesn't have the stressful vibe of a newly opened restaurant. Just what magazine needed! Excellent food, drinks and atmosphere!My wife and I liked this place. 
It is easy to spend a lot of money on food in New Orleans and in recent months, we have worked toward spending less than $75 on evening meals and drinks for the two of us.  We did that Saturday night at Basin Seafood.  
My wife enjoyed a Jambalaya dish and it was superb.  I chose fish from the Gulf and it was also very tasty.  Both of our entres' were served over fresh vegetables. 
The waiter was very helpful and polite.  
This is a very good place on Magazine.Been here about 6 times and keep coming back with visitors! The crab and corn bisque is literally the best soup I've ever tried and all the bring entrees I've had have been delicious. In addition, they have a terrific bottomless mimosa deal on Saturdays and Sunday's till 3 and super refreshing watermelon margaritas. Great service too!Stumbled upon this place after a day of shopping on Magazine. I am in love. I had the crab and crawfish beignets and the fried catfish with crawfish sauce over grits. My friend had the charbroiled oysters and the whole fish. Everything was amazing.
The service was also great- everyone was warm and friendly which I appreciate. 
I live on the Northshore- wish we had a place like this closer. Definite thumbs up from me. Hope to return soon!Had a really lovely dinner at Basin. After an afternoon shopping on Magazine Street, Basin's craft cocktails and seasonal dishes were perfect nourishment. The seafood platter, oysters, and crawfish Mac n cheese were definitely favorites at our table. They also had several good non-seafood options -- the butternut squash was really impressively done. It's a smaller restaurant, but we had a group of 8 (for a bachelorette party) and they managed our group very well and were very accommodating. Thank you!I've heard a lot of good things about this place since it opened, but have yet to try it out, until a few hours ago. We live three blocks away, two year anniversary/Valentine's dinner... let's do it.
The restaurant was slam packed, but we only waited for a few minutes for an outside table. Beautiful night to eat outside. Our amazing server, Lauralee was at our table just as we got comfortable asking for our drink orders. We ordered two beers and the octopus ceviche for an appetizer. 
The octopus ceviche is out of the world good. The only negative thing about it is that I didn't have a spoon to slurp the broth. 
So, to the main courses. I didn't even have to look at the menu because I already knew what I wanted, the grilled hanger steak., medium. Hanger steak is my favorite cut of meat, and there are only a few places that I know of that actually serve it, and serve it properly. My girlfriend ordered the grilled yellowfin tuna. 
Both were grand slams. Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned, and everything that accompanied the dish was delicious! 
I HIGHLY recommend this place. We're definitely going to check out their Sunday brunch in the very near future!
Thank you Lauralee, and thank you Basin for a wonderful evening!Everything was perfect! I came with a group of seven girls. We tried multiple appetizers and each got a different entrée. We all tried each appetizer and we ended up trying a bite of everyone's entree. We got a few of the specialty drinks and a dessert at the end. Every single thing we ordered was fantastic. The service was great. Great atmosphere. I cannot say enough good things.Terrible service. The $25 BBQ shrimp was overcooked and didn't come with bread or grits or anything.  My fish was over cooked AND cold.  We didn't get the water we asked for when we sat down until after we were finished eating.  Really loud, creepy decor.  Awful awful awful.  It'll be closed before Christmas.So underrated! Especially for the area. Wonderful drinks and attentive staff, but the real star is the food. The seafood is SO GOOD. I had the corn and crab bisque for my first visit and fell in love. I crave that soup still. Their other dishes are equally delicious.  Cliched to say it, but they really do have fresh takes on creole/cajun classics. I would take an out-of-town guest here for a nice seafood dinner anytime.
For the locals, their happy hour specials are great. Oysters, fried stuff, and good local beers. Definitely worth checking out as a hidden Magazine Street gem!Tho I had enjoyed Basin previously, I hadn't been there in a few years--happy I returned. I had the Crab & Corn Bisque topped w/ Chilled Crabmeat Salad--thick'n'creamy and absolutely delicious (almost wish I had ordered the bowl instead of the cup). For my main course, I had the duck confit special which was excellent; I especially enjoyed the accompanying pureed/mashed potatoes, the greens, and the mushrooms, three items that don't always thrill me. And the minced nuts with citrus glaze (or something like that) over the duck was divine!
My friend, who had been a Basin virgin, had the Seafood Gumbo and the Shrimp & Grits, and cleared cup and plate, respectively.
Service was lovely and attentive.
Hope to return soon!I've been in town for 7 days and I've made it a point to try everyone's gumbo. This is the best one yet. Perfect rue, dark rich color, blend of flavor and spice with a pepper finish. 
I had the shrimp and grits. It was perfect. The grits were stone ground grits of the perfect white and yellow blend. They were creamy and had substance at the same time. The shrimp was perfectly cooked and the sauce was like a stew. The shrimp were placed on kale, it was the best finish. It reminds me of what I think umami would represent. The portion size is generous and not too large. 
My husband had the fried catfish. It also came on grits with a mild ettoufe and the stewed kale accompaniment. The service was timely and the drinks are poured strong. We will be back they deserve a 5-star rating!Stopped on for a late lunch,  small menu, but some great items. Had the crawfish and shrimp beignets. These are a must! Light and great taste in a little heavenly sauce. Boudin balls were the best here so far on our trip. Finished with the crawfish mac n cheese. Very cheesy and plenty of crawfish, topped with panko bread crumbs. Service was friendly and efficient.  Would definitely stop here again.Wow. Is there a zero rating? I don't even know where to start. Long story short. 8 PM reservations. The table isn't ready for 45 mins. They tell us to wait. We wait. 45 minutes later they finally seat us. 15 minutes later a waiter comes to our table and says they are our of all of the entries but the duck. Wait what? We waited 2 hour with a table of 9 and you are saying you don't have any food? None? No that is right we have no food and no excuse. Not even a sorry. Wow. If anyone ever asks. This place is an absolute no. No freaking way.I can honestly say this was the best meal we had during our stay in New Orleans. Let me just start by saying I am an oyster LOVER. If I am at a restaurant and oysters are on the menu I am ordering them. Needless to say I've had a lot of oysters served any and every way imaginable and the charbroiled oysters served here are probably the best I've ever had.. Mouthwateringly delightful! The white wine sauce and cheese topping is everything you want it to be! My husband, who is not even a huge fan of oysters, even enjoyed them. The crawfish Mac and cheese was absolutely outstanding as well. My husband ordered the seafood platter and it was a huge plate. Depending on your appetite it could easily be shared between two people. The crawfish beignets served with the platter were to die for! WHEN we come back I will be ordering an appetizer of those. I had the drum and cauliflower. This was my first time having drum and I was very pleasantly surprised. It came topped with lump crab and the fish was mild. Not sure how the cauliflower was prepared but it was better than I ever imagined cauliflower could be and it went perfectly with the drum and crab. The service was outstanding and the atmosphere was laid back and pleasant. If you are in the area we HIGHLY recommend giving these guys a try!I had a meeting to go to and decided to go to Basin's Happy Hour since I was early. I have been to Basin Seafood before and I have enjoyed the experience. I have to say my waiter was polite but service was lacking. The crop caprese taste absolutely disgusting. My friend and I had the drink and it was a waste of money. I did enjoy the tomato. The wine served during happy hour is absolutely fantastic. I also enjoyed the fish tacos and would highly recommend those to anyone.Wonderful find! 
This charming restaurant has a brilliant and varied menu for lovers of seafood. The crawfish beignets were savory and the perfect texture, and the octopus ceviche was refreshing and perfect for summer. The salads are light but incredibly flavorful, and the fried catfish didn't feel like a cheap carnival eat, but was decadent and delightful. 
The cocktail menu is extensive, and very difficult to narrow down..
Try to make it for their $4 happy hour which features amazing specialties. 
Can't wait to being friends from out of town to wow them with this menu- specifically the chargrilled oysters.What a neat find! My friends and I stumbled upon this place while shopping on Magazine Street. Bottomless mimosas were $14 and a great way to start our morning. Every dish we ordered were delicious. Most notable were the shrimp and grits, charbroiled oysters (deserves all the stars) and the chicken and waffles. Can't wait to visit again!Sunday brunch was delicious. Smoked snapper dip was amazing but somehow the cucumber firecracker cocktail was even better. We can't wait to get back there soonI have been to Basin twice and had a good experience both times. Nice chargrilled oysters, very good Brussels sprouts, and fine fish specials. I had a cucumber drink that was wonderful, not sweet and incredibly refreshing.Really enjoyed the happy hour. We stopped in for the raw oysters, while there we got the happy hour special 4 dollar starters. Amazing Bloody Mary!Light and beautiful char grilled oysters..
Not drenched with butter.
Owner ran and got steak from Baru, so I could feed my kids there...
Totally cool.This was a great and random find.. it's my mothers 80th birthday, we're staying in the garden district and decide to walk to grab lunch.. just to hot to walk any longer and we found Basin.. First that service was fantastic.. super nice and helpful. There was 5 of us, 4 had the poo boy(great bread and super delicious. I had the grilled oysters and Shrimp/grits.. WOW.. both were off the charts good, oysters had an amazing smokey flavor and the shrimp/grits..well I'd had this at a lot of places and this was the best.. full of flavor, perfectly cooked shrimp and the grits were mild with a bit of sweetness from the corn flavor. Seriously, I've been to a lot of 5 star restaurants around the world and I'd take this any day... Support the local community..Basin is a must go to for off the charts good food and super friendly service..I had the "fresh catch" special, which was a red snapper.
The plate was huge, the fish, bigger than the plate, and it was perfectly grilled.
We also ordered oyster and the fish tacos, both were amazing.Solid little place in an adorable neighborhood.  Loved the pork & hash.  Crab & crawfish beignets were good too. Charred oysters are always a good choice.SO YUMMMMY, must try if you're in Nola! I walked here with a couple of my friends during our trip for Mardi Gras weekend, and it was so far. The walk was very worth it once we got our food. I loved the fresh and charbroiled oysters. Our other entrees were quite delicious too! The service was a little bad, but it was a busy night!I came into this place not expecting much other than a good mimosa buzz from their $13.99 Bottomless Mimosas and boy was I completely blown away! Everything was absolutely excellent from our waiter Jeremy to the absolutely delicious food and cocktails. We got caught in the rain in here in the middle of a Saints game so we ate and drank a healthy amount and everything was very affordable. This place definitely left an imprint and I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in NOLA. 
P.S. The secret is definitely in the sauces they put on each of the dishes we ate (french toast, surf & turf benedict and the cajun fries) ...so amazingly delicious my mouth waters just thinking about it. lolLet me start out by saying that based in the food, it would be 5 stars, but our server was stoned, stupid, or most likely a terrible combination of the two. When he would walk up to the table, he would stare at us awkwardly for about 30 seconds before finding his ability to use words. When asked if the duck ragu was confit he responded by saying he didn't understand. And that wasn't the only time he didn't understand. But to be fair, it was Mardi Gras weekend, so I can only assume all the competent servers took the night off. So, yes, server was absolutely high. 
Now onto the food. Oysters are one of those foods I absolutely dislike, but so badly want to like that I try one every time. And if there has a ever been an oyster that made me consider popping a second one in my mouth it would be the charbroiled oyster at Basin. And that's saying a lot! The other appetizer we had was the octopus ceviche... Delish! 
For entrees, my friend that got the duck ragu loved it. Two of us ordered the Yellowfin Tuna and devoured it. The combination of textures with the farro, tuna and veggies plus the pesto was perfection. And finally my boyfriend raged about the Hanger steak. He is a chef and extremely picky, so when he loves the food at restaurant, it must be the best!
Banana rum cake for dessert was a wonderful ending to a great meal.
Oh and as for the drinks the glass of Sauvignon Blanc, I started with was fair. The beer selection sucks. But the cocktails are all amazing! And the restaurant is called "seafood and spirits," not wine or beer.I should preface this review by letting you know I'm a vegetarian- I do not eat seafood, but my friends are all seafood lovers and I gladly accompanied them here.
I've been here a few times now and the William Pearwell drink is a MUST, if you're a pear lover like me. The taste is light and fresh and it is just a delightful drink overall.
I have also had the brussels sprouts appetizer (you can request that it be made without anchovy paste) and it is good, albeit quite oily. The roasted beet salad is delicious and the goat cheese croquettes are on point. The salad is not enough for a full meal, unfortunately there are no other vegetarian dinner options. I asked for the mac and cheese without crawfish but it is already pre-mixed. I ended up getting a side of french fries with my salad, which turned out to be a great choice. The fries were enough to share with a table of 5 and came with 3 tasty dipping sauces. Highly recommend. 
I understand that this is a seafood restaurant but it would be great if there were just a few more veggie options for when I return with my friends.Highly recommend. We found this place off of an IG account that posted a photo of the crawfish mac and cheese. We were seated right away and I had the watermelon margarita, perfect and refreshing. Our table ordered the following which were ALL AMAZING! Crawfish mac and cheese, crab and corn chowder, octopus ceviche, crab and crawfish beignets and the catfish po boy. Nothing disappointed us. My fellow diners really enjoyed their beer selection! A great spot to stop after exploring the Garden District!The food is great and the service was even better. Flo kept the mimosa's coming without us asking! You really get what you pay for! I'll definitely be back!Great service. Yummmmmmy snapper. Great atmosphere -- must try watermelon margaritas !Fantastic experience coming here that I recommend you try it out. Came in with a group of 16 w/ no reservation so clearly we were expecting to wait but shockingly they just pushed some tables together and seated right away! Basin, you were on top of your game that night! The entire table ordered drinks and appetizers and they were fast, friendly and delicious. The food was a nothing short of amazing. I'm still drooling over the crawfish beignets...Take your significant other or group of friends and check this spot out. After dinner if you're up for it you can always walk to the bulldog to end your night. Have fun and invite me next time you go!This is the second time I've been to Basin Seafood and Spirits, and the second time I've come away happy. I can't stress enough the joy I have over their 50c raw oysters on Mondays. And then $4 Louisiana craft beer. They also have their happy hour menu. The blue crab and crawfish beignets were insanity on a plate. They were dense and full of crab and crawfish (more crab than crawfish, but I'm not complaining). I also had the boudin balls this go round. They were solid. Not the best but pretty solid. On a previous trip, I had their fish tacos also on their happy hour menu. I wish I could have eaten more to get those again. 
The atmosphere is hip and chill. Not a big restaurant but cozy. Stellar place for happy hour if on Magazine.Basin is one of the city's hidden gems. It's not popular or ostentatious. It's not classic New Orleans food, but it stills pays homage to the flavors of the gulf. This is arguably the best brunch spot in the city. If you aren't looking for a scene and just want yummy food and good drinks this is the place. Don't skip the mussels besides being a great value you will want to lick the bowl clean. The butternut squash crab risotto never disappoints. Sit outside, grab a bottle of wine and enjoy.I went here for bottomless brunch on Saturday with 5 of my girlfriends.  It was amazing.  We started off as the only people in the restaurant and I can't seem to understand why it wasn't packed.  This place has incredible food - we were all extremely pleased with our choices.  The service was fantastic as well - our mimosas were never left empty.  I would absolutely come back to this restaurant!!Hot and thirsty, checked on yelp for a place nearby. Dropped in for happy hour. Had the spiked Arnold Palmer and an order of Boudin Balls (4 boudin for $4). Everything was good however the drinks were very light on the alcohol side compared to what we usually find with local drinks. All in all, good choice to wet our whistle.I've only been there once. Fairly decent food but could do better given all of the choices in NOLA.We went at happy hour and had one of everything except the octopus ceviche. Fish tacos were good the battered fish was a nice change from what I'm used to. 
The crab beignets were worth the try. Possibly a little more dough than I wanted but there was a huge dollop of crab and crawfish deliciousness inside. 
Boudin balls did not disappoint. 
Cajun fries,...eh. 
After all that the only other must have I wanted from reading yelp reviews was the smoked snapper dip. I'm in love. I want more! I finger licked the bowl when it was done. The crunchy bread they serve it on adds a great touch. Although I found myself tasting it alone just so I could enjoy each flavor that made this smoky, light, yet rich dip so addicting. Order this. It's memorable.Caesar salad with fried oysters was the winner. 
Crab risotta was flavorful but would have been great without the shells in every bite. I sat at the bar and the bartender was friendly and attentive.
This place has promise...I'm just not sold.I have been twice and literally licked my plate clean both times. Food is out of this world!! We had no trouble getting a table either time either. Great service and drinks too. Can't wait to return!Great find! It was a Saturday night and we didn't have a reservation, but they fit us right in. It felt like a newer restaurant. Staff was super friendly and eager to please. Our waiter gave great suggestions and we ended up splitting the seafood platter. It was delicious. My only complaint might be there were too many fries. Everything else was good.  Would definitely return.I've been here a billion times and it never disappoints. TBH, I've pretty much had everything on the menu. 
Today me and a friend got the crawfish mac n cheese, crawfish beignets, pork n hash, tuna steak sandwich and of course the bottomless mimosas.
The food prices have risen a bit, but can't beat the $15 bottomless mimosas. The food is actually reasonably priced just higher than it was a year ago. The server was awesome. He brought us at least 10 carafes of mimosas. 
The crawfish mac n cheese is one of the best mac n cheese I've ever had. The beignets were a bit doughy, but the remoulade sauce made up for it. The tuna steak sandwich was a thick piece of fish and came with more fries than I could finish. The pork n hash is my go-to and came with so much shredded pork that I had to get a to go box. 
Definitely will come back. Definelty will recommend. Seriously can't beat the bottomless mimosas.My Friends and I had bottomless mimosa brunch and had the most amazing service and food, our server Jeremy and another helpful gentleman Tim had true dedication to their duty of providing us an unforgettable time !  Most bottomless mimosa  type places lack in service and leave you with an empty cup. Jeremy and Tim made us feel like we were the most important thing in their life, feverishly complying with every single one of our our silly demands and keeping our cup full at any moments notice. Keeping with the highest standards of customer service Mr. Jeremy and Mr. Tim reflected credit upon themselves  and basin.Great gumbo and awesome mojitos. Gotta try a blackberry mojito and blueberry ginger mojito. Also had the charbroiled oysters. Fantastic! Happy hour menu was very small. But great place to grab a bite and some drinks.