Came here for some wings and shrimp wasn't disappointed! Very popular spot based form all the tv coverage so had to check it out.
First the staff is super friendly and helpful , extremely patient at explain the menu and their sauces. Gave good recs on their wings.
The wings were cooked to order and very tasty! I like mines on the spicier side and was very pleased. Would definitely come back here.
Only down side is it's more catered for take out, small countertop seating inside.I've never eaten here, but my son loves the place. So, I ordered a T-Shirt from their online store a couple weeks before Christmas. Paid for it on their fronky website with a credit card. No shirt. Contacted them. No response. Contacted them. No response. They have a e-commerce site selling from a store but don't actually send out what you purchase, or reply to your efforts to contact them. They take credit card #s, but don't have a PRIVACY POLICY, required by law, to do so. You trust them to make your food that you consume. Anybody ever gotten sick after eating​ here? That's the type of business they seem to run, I'm glad you trust them. I wouldn't. Now, they have my credit ​card number on file. I wonder what kind of cybersecurity they have?I originally review this place right after they opened, when it was obvious the kinks were still being worked out. Even then, I gave it 4 stars. After almost a year of being regular customers, I can safely say these guys deserve the full 5 stars. Friendly, personal service. Delicious, affordable food. How can you ask for more than that? Definitely try some of the limited-time flavors like Korean BBQ and if you're one of the people bitching that the wings aren't hot enough, try the sauce they're now making with ghost chilies. That should shut you up nicely. It made my boyfriend's scalp sweat, but he was blissfully happy about it.Bayou Hot Wings have good prices on wings but the wing are small. My favorite flavors are pepper jelly, BBQ, and bayou hot boy wings. They taste good. I always get extra sauce on the side because of the wings being breaded the Lil sauce they put on it soaks up and becomes a lil dry. For a small size container of sauce Is a dollars for each which is over priced.I find myself almost constantly on the quest for good wings. I love them, they are my Kryptonite, but it's hard to find them done really well in New Orleans.
Enter Bayou Hot Wings. This location used to be a Wing Zone and I used to grab lunch here ages ago when I worked nearby. Flash forward to this past Christmas season and I found myself helping my lady dog sit for some friends that live near Freret. This was a perfect chance to try Bayou Hot Wings.
Now, I know I said I LOVE wings, but that day they would have been a serious problem to eat while watching a rambunctious puppy that's already 40lbs. A big pile of tiny chicken bones is like gold to a dog and definitely not something you want them to eat. So, regretfully, I went with a chicken sandwich, which let me give their sauces a shot. Let's be honest, it's super important that a wing is fried correctly and not burnt or dried out but that's just the foundation for the real star: the sauces. I ordered my sandwich with Chipotle sauce.
While I was waiting I took a moment to look at their wall of articles and pictures of the Bayou Hot Wings Beast Challenge. It looks incredibly painful and was featured on Man v Food. Take a minute and look it up. I'll skip the details. Maybe one day I'll give it a shot...if I managed to coat my internal organs in asbestos.
So, how was the sandwich? Nicely done. The chicken was moist and crispy, the cheese abundant without being just a giant clump, and the sauce really good. The Chipotle sauce had a good heat base without being overwhelming and a great smokey flavor. The sandwich also came with fries which were done well. 
Overall a good meal and one I will definitely repeat.Ordering from here made for one of the best nightcaps for the books. It was a group of five, and one called out for chicken wings so i immediately went for the phone and opened up my trusted Yelp!
Search: "Chicken wings"
Of the top two results (Jazzy Wings being the other) for chicken wings nearby my area, Bayou Hot Wings was the only one open.  So, as always, i proceeded to pick out what i wanted to order strictly based on pictures.  It was a group of us so we ordered quite a bit.  Went with the Gator bites (bomb), Potato wedges (bomb), Garlic and parmesans chicken wings (bomb), the hot boy wings (bomb) and the Thai chili glaze wings (bomb city).
I hardly ever get an urge for chicken wings (weird, i know) but i'll be damned if those Thai chili and garlic parmesans chicken didn't turn me into a fanatic! 
I highly recommend trying this place the next time you're in the mood for wings, it was everything that a non-drinking person could want to top off a cinco de mayo night!I love Bayou Hot wings! I've had sweet chili, bayou sweet, bayou sweet heat, and parmesan garlic. Would love to try more but it's so hard to stray from the favorites! I recommend asking for the sides to be placed in a separate box. 4 stars instead of 5 because they take a long time and it's a little pricey for what it is.Soooo good! I ordered the sweet heat wings along with the Parmesan fries. 5/5! The service was great! Everyone was really nice and sooo welcoming. This was my first time trying out this spot and is now a MUST when I go to New Orleans ALONG with the good ole Cajun food in N.O. Great spot.Great, fast service! Great, crispy, crunchy wings! Great everything! This place is definitely one of the must eats in NOLA, even if you are a resident or a tourist. They have a variety of items to choose from like sandwiches, wraps and many, many sides. They also offer a tailgate menu if you are trying to feed your family or a special party occasion. Only downfall from the location is the size of the restaurant is very tiny where you can not hold a large family, but they do have outside seating. If you are down for the challenge, they also have a very spicy "Bayou Beast Challenge" which was seen on "Man VS Food" with Adam Richman. If you can handle the heat, you will go down as a BEAST on the Wall of Fame with a special BHW T-shirt!Been going here ever since they opened, and they definitely know how to make their stuff. The guys that started the business (Allen & Kyle) are really nice / awesome people, and the food is great.
I've tried literally everything on their menu minus their new lunch specials, and I have yet to be dissapointed. My recommendation? The Chipotle BBQ / Sweet Heat. Oh, and the burgers are amazing as well.
I'm taking a star off because I noticed recently they made their wings a little smaller, and they charge extra for the ranch / blue cheeseI love me some chicken wings, and this is my go-to place in Nola. Ordered Hot Wings and Tenders- Pepper Jelly and Lemon Pepper -and both were great.
Ordered over the phone, drove straight there and everything was ready. The counter person was very friendly-- in and out in a couple of minutes even though they seemed pretty busy.I've tried all the wings I could find in this city and Bayou Hot Wings takes the cake by a landslide in both price and quality. All of their sauces are inventive and full of flavor, any promise for spiciness is always delivered, and after trying every flavor on the menu I can safely say none of them have disappointed me. The pepper jelly wings are so good I had dreams about them the first time I tried them. The beast wings are also out of this world good. If you're looking for perfectly fried chicken tossed in incredible sauces, look no further my friends.Decent enough that I ate till I was full, but probably won't go back.  I got the tenders, tried bayou sweet heat (supposed to be medium, tasted more on the mild side, but still good) and garlic parmesan.  They were pretty tasty, was expecting more heat, but that's alright, as long as I like the flavor, which I did.  I just wish there had been some more moisture.  Pretty sure they are fried to be crispy, but I enjoy a bit of a softer skin so the sauce can kinda soak into it.  
They have glass bottled soda there which was so cold little bits of ice were in the bottles...SO REFRESHING! 
In the middle of writing this review got an upset stomach.  Oh well.  
Ashley H was nice and polite and made sure everyone was taken care of before she helped out in the back.I was seriously craving some wings, and I was starving after working all day and then running some errands afterwards. 
I tried to do carry out at a wing stop that I've ordered from before; but they're no longer at that location. So I went home and ran through the options on Postmates, and I found bayou wings. 
I placed my order and couldn't wait to get my wings and other items. Now just to be clear, my issue isn't with the driver, delivery, or the process; he still got the proper tip because he did his job!!! 
My issue is that the "wings" are tiny, and they were cold and just didn't taste that well. If I wasn't starving, they wouldn't have been eaten by me. I really 100% believe that could have done better by picking up some microwave, frozen wings for 1/3rd the price. I'm so not happy with this food but will eat it because (see above), I'm starving right now. I know I won't order from here again; at least not wings. 
The celery is good, the ranch is a cheap bottled ranch-ish salad dressing from sams club; but the mozz sticks were really good.
Edit... I really am totally amazed by the reviews on here. The raves about the wings and everything else. Amazed and saddened that so many people enjoy chicken wings, with almost no chicken on them. 
This is the beginning of the end to where the wings at this place get so many recommendations and good reviews. It also makes me seriously question yelp reviews from this point  forward. These can't all be real!!!Wings a little on the small side, but very good!  Pepper Jelly and Sweet Heat very good.I absolutely love this place and would recommend it to everyone! There food is at a decent price for the quality and the people are nice. I always get my wings tossed in bayou sweet heat. Also if you get an order of cheese sticks get it tossed in there garlic parmesan sauce you will be amazed.Ordered Take-Out over the phone. They got my food done in 10 minutes. Awesome service. Very friendly. Great Sandwich. 
No room to just chill and relax to eat. It's so small.So delicious! I wanna go back and try more sauces! Chicken wings were crispy and fresh. Onions rings were also crispy with the right amount of seasoning. 
I just wish it was a bigger space with better seating because it always gets cramped in there.The wings were just ok. Nothing special at all. I got a 10 piece half lemon pepper and half pepper jelly. Actually kind of liked the pepper jelly just didn't like the fact that the wings were breaded.They have really great flavors and sides. The wings are just a bit small, and usually very oily.These are by far my favorite hot wings. I usually get the bayou hot boy flavor and it is just the right amount of hot for me. I love their homemade blue cheese dressing too. Call ahead for quick friendly service.Good wings and sweet potato fries. Recommend calling in to order and picking up to go. I like the Thai flavor. Although the lot can be a little chaotic there is parking available!Hot wings galore? The locals here seem to really like this place. I'm not a wings person, but I can taste why everyone likes it. I suppose it was in the way it was cooked. I think they marinate the wings the night before and do it again before cooking. I remember being told something like that... Nonetheless, there was a kick of flavor to it. Although the wings weren't super big, they were crispy and delicious. We're going for quality here... And on that note, I heard that the host of this food show from the Travel channel (?) stopped by this place as his first pit stop when he first got off the plane. So Bayou Hot Wings' reputation does flow far and wide. Let's sum this place up as legit with all its homemade ingredients. :)
You can grab the sampler and enjoy something different: alligator and frog legs. It was fried so don't be freaked out that it would be super strange. The burger they had was delish! I'm also not a burger fan, but their patty was thick, moist, and flavorful. My guy friend said having one of these bad boys will leave him full for hours. The potato salad that a friend requested be ordered was decent. I'm sort of picky when it comes to potato salads, but it was tasty nonetheless. The jambalaya that was also order was pretty good. I think it could have used more seasoning, but then again we sat outside where the wind sort of cooled the food off so we weren't able to taste its wholesome goodness. It was still yummy though. Lol. 
This is a grab and go place. There were bar seats that can fit like 5 or 6 folks, but other than that, order your food to go. Well, to be fair, there are picnic tables outside, but that's not really an option when the weather doesn't permit. And the owner, well, one of them that I met, was pretty cool. Good food comes from good people. :)
Until we met again, my last meal here in New Orleans was satisfying.Great flavors!!! The wings are too small.. I'll be back but only if the wings are bigger.Some of the best wings in the city!!!! Great staff. Owner is super cool. They've been featured in some pretty cool shows and papers. By the bayou hotboy flavor. Spot on with spice and flavorMy roommate introduced me to this place & I can't get enough of it! They have the best burgers & wingsI've been coming here for years in which it was always good! Yet just recently I've noticed something has changed, not sure if it's because  new people are cooking, or the wings are smaller but there's something definitely different.Wings were heavily breaded, soggy and they were barely covered in sauce. Coleslaw and ranch dressing were decent....Really solid wing joint. The flavors were great. Had the garlic parm and the chipotle bbq. I'm giving it a 3/5 because the wings were the smallest I've ever eaten(anywhere). I'm worried what would be left if they forwent the not-so-necessary breading.  BHW - your flavors can only carry you so far. Get bigger wings, ditch the breading. I'll be back.I really didn't know this place was there its hiding behind the Shell on Claiborne. Its a very small place probably not the best place to sit in because there is like only 4 chairs, but its a good place to take out food.
The first thing I need to talk about is the Sweet Pot Fries, which is delicious yams! It was probably the best sweet potatoe fries I ever tasted. These have the right mixture of sweets and taste of salt that truly made for the need for my happy fry dance that I just created.
I had the Bayou 1/2 burger which was great and actually well done. Most burgers never get done the way I asked but they actually made sure I didn't see any red. It also had a very great flavor to it, that I didn't even need any of the special sauces.
The staff was beyond friendly! The front staff as well as the chef in the back was really nice and spoke to us all, I really like seeing great staffs in front and back, which makes me want to visit more; because this is the type of place that seems to build relationships with their patrons.
Will be back to try the wings!Living in Atlanta, I've eaten my fair share of wings...you name it, I've tried them at least once.
I visited New Orleans recently for my birthday weekend and after eating steaks, seafood, pizzas, and sushi, I had a craving for wings.
I'd like to say Thank You to Yelp for introducing me to Bayou Hot Wings, but actually I am upset.  I've been craving the Bayou Sweet Heat since the day I left NOLA and I'm sad that there isn't a Bayou Hot Wings here in Atlanta!  
Wet, sweet, tangy, and a little spicy.  Everything that I usually don't prefer in a wing, but I was converted.  For me, it was that good and Bayou Hot Wings is on my "must see" places to eat when I visit New Orleans again.I was in the mood for some wings and after checking reviews on Yelp decided to give Bayou Wings a shot. It's in a small shopping center next to a UPS Store, a Circle K, and some other eateries and right away when you walk in you realize that this place is meant for carry out - there's barely anywhere to sit. 
I opted to try 10 wings, 5 of their garlic butter parmesan and 5 of their sweet hot - both "signature, recommended" sauces and a side of the homemade ranch. They proudly advertise that their hot sauces are made with Crystal hot sauce which struck me as odd, as most chefs/cooks take some pride in putting together their own spice concoctions.
How were the wings? Forgettable. First off, the wings are breaded and then fried (much like some big chains like Hooters do) which leaves your bite with very little chicken and very much fried-breaded filler. The meat was fine, there just didn't seem to be much of it. 
The sauces? Well, the garlic butter parmesan isn't really a sauce at all. They put some garlic butter on the fried wings which soak them up, and instantly lose all crunch and then they just melt some parmesan cheese on top - giving the already soggy wings a weird chewy, springy consistency where the cheese globs are. They tasted passable but not something I'd recommend anybody spend money on.
The sweet-hot sauce was better but just ended up tasting like somebody added brown sugar to a bottle of Crystal. I wanted to like them but after 4 I decided that I'd had enough.
I don't quite get the love for this place - maybe I just came at an off time (lunch) - but I can't say I'm in any kind of a rush to get back to Bayou.This is the go to place for hot wings in the city. They make their own sauces which are amazing. If you've never tried alligator, you must try their gator bites. One of their cooks, Paul, makes the most amazing of any I've eaten. His fried pickles are also out of this world!Best wings in the South! Stumbled upon this place on Lundi Gras and discovered it was on Man v. Food. I was mainly excited to try their frog and alligator for the first time. And you know how it goes, if you have something for the first time and it was a horrible experience you may not ever go back to trying it again. Well fortunately Bayou Hot Wings made it an awesome first experience when trying frog and alligator for the first time. The meat for both was very well cooked and fried. Frog legs really taste just like chicken just more moist then you'd expect chicken to be. The alligator bites tasted just like chicken nuggets!
I totally pigged out and also ordered the Parmesan garlic chicken. The wings were a good size and definitely had more meat on them than your local wingstop. Perfect seasoning and everything tasted absolutely divine. By far the best wings I've ever had. So mid way through devouring my food, my buddy sends an original hot wing my way so I could sample. Now I regret til this day, and until I return to NOLA, that should have ordered the hot wings. 
Highly recommend this place to any visitors and travelers from out of town. Small shop with the best wings in town.
Until next time NOLA.Had this for lunch today because I was craving a buffalo chicken sandwich for a while. Decided to try Bayou because it's right down the street from my office. One of the best buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had! Top 3 for sure! The chicken breast was huge, enough for me to make 2 sandwiches (pretty sure the split the breast so it's not too thick)! It was very juicy and the batter was very well seasoned. I had the "bayou hotboy" sauce on it and it was sooo good! Spicy but not overly hot and kinda tangy, they use Crystal hot sauce as a base for the sauces. It comes with seasoned fries which were pretty good too. I will def be back here again!This place is awesome. Not only is the food great, the staff is amazing. I get my chicken tenders extra crispy, no problem for them. Sauce is amazing and price is reasonable for the food that you get. Definitely check this place out.Visiting my friend J, she told me this was The. Best. Wing. Spot. No exaggerations. So, she finally takes me. And...yes, out of this whole trip?  Best chicken. 
She ordered the 10 piece wings in bayou sweet heat with blue cheese. And she swears that their blue cheese is amazing. And I got the 5 piece tenders in bayou sweet heat and chipotle BBQ with a side of ranch. And of course, an order of fries (seasoned steak fries, if you're interested). I didn't try the wings, but looking at J's face while she was eating them, you just knew that she was in heaven. I like wings, but- I'll take boneless any day. It just gets in my belly faster. And it's less messy. Plus, if they can do white meat right, you know they can do it all. And they definitely do it right. The chicken was perfect- crispy and juicy and the sauces were delicious. Chipotle BBQ had just the right amount of heat and bayou sweet heat was like a buffalo sauce, but better. And the ranch was perfectly complementary. And perfect for fry dipping! 
It's a small place with..maybe 8-12 stools, but on a sunny day, there's a couple picnic tables in front. The people were lovely and the food was delicious. I'm sure I'll be back in nola in the near future and it'll definitely be my first stop in when I'm back.A great place to eat wings. There are a multitude of flavors.  I have not been let down yet with the service.Had the chicken tenders with sweet heat sauce on side. Sauce was tasty but should have gone hotter. My chicken was a bit overdone. Tough to bite into. Definitely fresh chicken, not frozen, pre-prepared.  Will try again but was not pleased in first try.Great food, Personable service, and a full belly!!
Found this place on a random search for wings and wasn't disappointed. The guys there were extremely helpful and knew their menu well. Definitely will be back for more! #yumzHey all, it's Kent Coleman! Every once in a while I like to revisit places that I have eaten and wrote reviews on, figured I should update my review. My old review mentioned something along the lines of walking through 3,654 square miles of Mexican Lime Cactus to get another bite of their Caesar salad. Well, let me tell you nothing has changed, but I would make the same commitment for their Chipotle BBQ burger, Chipotle BBQ wings (I'm a big wing guy now wasn't before), and the onion rings. Just a heads up, I'll be back in the game soon all! KC, checking out.The chicken wings are a little small but have tons of flavor. Good fries and great sauces. I prefer the basic bayou hot boy. My friends love the boneless wings (chicken tenders).Let me start by saying I LOVE wings!!! When the proverbial "where do you want to eat ?" conversation comes up, 70-75% of the time I'm suggesting wings.
Since moving to New Orleans I've tried a number of wing spots and BAYOU HOT WINGS is one of the best. The wings were so good, me and my wife went back the same night, actually within an hour!!! 
Needless to say this spot is highly recommended and I ordered Lemon Pepper and hot boy.This place has the best wings I've ever had in my life. The pepper jelly wings are out of control. I mean, freakin ridiculous. And the bayou sweet heat is killer too. Sadly however I have yet to try their hot wing challenge. I don't think I'd win.Came by for a quick midweek lunch, and shared a variety of wings, jambalaya and fries. Their wing sauce is definitely a winner, as everything from sweet BBQ to Beast (hottest menu flavour) was packed with flavour and heat.  Sadly the wings were very undersized, making an order of 10 barely enough for lunch. 
A word to the wise, this place is small. We were a group of 7 and completely filled the small dining space (stools against the window only). This should be considered a take out business only.
If it wasn't for one member of the group taking on and completing the Bayou Beast hot wing challenge (10 off the menu hot wings in 5 minutes) this would be the least memorable meal of our trip to New Orleans. 
In 4 words:  Great Sauce, Small WingsYOOOOOO!!!! I kid you not when I tell you I traveled from SEATTLE for these wings!! Best. Wings. Ever. Hands down. Seriously the best wings I've ever had in my life, in the whole wide world. Yummers!! I had the chipotle BBQ wings. I wish we had them back home. Pay the owners a visit. Their story is very inspiring and food is absolutely yummy. (and they are both really cute too!) :-) ENJOY YELPERS!!Wings were pretty delicious. Lots of good sauces to choose from. Steak cut fries with a Cajun seasoning on them too. 
Friendly service as well. It's nestled in a small shopping center.Never in my 19 years have I tasted such a delicious pepper jelly on such an unbelievably well fried chicken wing. Was turned on to Bayou Hot Wings by Adam Richman of travel channel, finished watching the episode and went straight to get my wings. Great wings, great onion rings, great ranch sauce, and PHENOMENAL PEPPER JELLY!!!!! Will be returning Oren!Great Wings! Came in for take out and the person who took my order was nice! Even recommended some flavors! The fries are seasoned so good and the wingsss, oh man dont get me started with the wings. They were too good! Not long of a wait either! Will definitely be back!My absolute favorite spot for wings in the Greater New Orleans area. I pick up from here every single Sunday before the NFL games kickoff, and every single Sunday I have a great lunch. Their seasoned fries are excellent, as well.The place is pretty small, but that's expected since it's a wing shop. I had a burger and some onion rings. Both were really good! Tasted as if two Greek gods (Zeus and Aphrodite) were passionately fornicating in my mouth. Would eat here again. Next time I'm trying the wings!Food was very good and yummy. First time there since moving back to city a month ago ... definitely will be backDelicious chicken tenders and the fries and rings are just as good! Really loved the sauces we tried too!! Can't go wrong here!The wings are nasty and the ranch sauce is also. I went back a couple of days ago and tried the grilled chicken wrap was good. Too pricey for a chicken wrap $9.40. Can find better wings and food somewhere else.This place is waaaay overrated.  The wings were cold, soggy and tiny, and the bayou heat sauce was not even that good - overall, they were terrible.  
The wings were not properly cooked. They were obviously flash fried so that the outside was warm but the inside was cold and there were drowned in sauce which made the breading soggy and texturally gross.  Also, these wings must have come from the world's smallest chickens as they were soooo tiny.  They just weren't quality - I guess they're cheaper because there wasn't a lot of meat but a lot of other 'parts'.
Perhaps I'm spoiled because I have actually lived in Buffalo, where the wings are enormous and my favorite place made them really saucy without being soggy.  Also, I lived in NYC for a long time, where you can get really good wings (really good everything if you know where to go).  Finally, I'm a KFC fan - no, not the colonel, but Korean Fried Chicken, which is freaking amazing.  It's the epitome of crispy, saucy, tasty, and large chicken wings and drums - so, it's possible to have all this, but you won't get anything like this at Bayou Hot Wings.  
Anyway, given my wings 'credentials',  I feel like I know good wings and Bayou Hot Wings is not even close.  If people think their wings are good, I would venture to say they haven't had really good wings before.  The one positive thing I can say is that the service was nice.  I really wanted to like the food, but was totally disappointed.  Needless to say, I will not be back.This wing place is super great! My boyfriend and I have ordered take out twice, both times our order was ready within 15 minutes. We've only had the wings and the fries, and both are top notch. We've had the bayou hot boy, sweet bayou (I think that was the name), and the garlic parm sauce flavors. The bayou hot boy is my personal favorite. It's spicy, but not painfully so. All of the sauces have tremendous flavor. The wings are crispy yet meaty. The fries are super delish. The only item I've had that I haven't cared for was the ranch. It's a little garlicky for my taste. The bleu cheese, however, is perfection. 
Give these guys a try the next time you're craving some chicken wing goodness!I just love Buffalo Wings!!  Actually, I'm a bigger fan of boneless wings :-).  We ordered both right before a noon Saints game and they were still ready in only 20 minutes!  We ordered bone in and boneless wings and the seasoned fries.  We ordered the Sweet Heat and the Garlic Butter Parmesan.  To us, the SH was not hot at all and the GBP was very tasty (they put fresh parmesan cheese and that got kind of crusty but still yummy).  The french fries were to die for and they were a good portion size to share!!  My only request is that they serve larger portions of ranch/blue cheese and celery.  
They don't offer table seating so it's mostly counter service but that's perfect for wings.  
We will definitely order again but will opt for the spicier flavors!Been coming here for years. Best chicken in New Orleans. Get the tenders with Bayou Hot Boy sauce!  Service is always spectacular. A Tulane students weekly go-to! Plus Man vs. Food came here!First time visitor... usually don't like breaded wings, but these were great.  Tried the sweet heat that everyone mentions on here, and was very pleased, will go hotter next time.  The breading was crunchy and not soggy at all, even after sitting in the go-box for a while.  The meat was done--bones came out clean and the meat was not all stringy, which is great to see in a wing place.  Will be back to sample the other sauces.These wings are the real deal. I've noticed that a few reviews say that the wings are breaded, which may be true, but I have never has an order where I've forked off a glob of breaded dough!  I hate wings like that and these wings, I love them! I live right up the street so the temptation to just sign my check over to them is always looming over my head. The trick is to order the 20 piece, go to the Circle K and grab a 99 cent drink or not if you have those at home, sit outside and watch the cars zoom by (it takes a minute for them to dish up your meal), and then take it home and enjoy! You'll never be sorry!I would walk through 3,654 square miles of Mexican Lime Cactus just to get another bite of that Caesar Salad and chicken tenders.This place is one of my favorite wing places in New Orleans! The employees are very friendly as well. I also love how the seats face the wall, because I don't want people to see me eating wingsA few friends and I stopped by on our way back to Houston.  We heard from friends that the wings were "fall off the bone tender" so we had to check it out.  First thing I noticed was the staff was super friendly.  We ordered wings, gator bites, chicken tenders, and sweet potato fries.  The wings were amazingly tender and tasty.  The gator bites were delicious even though the batter was a bit salty or my taste.  The chicken tender pieces were large and fresh.  The sweet potato fries were a good consistency, just crispy enough but not over fried.  The wings were on the small side which which probably helps be more tender.  The prices are good at 50 cents a wing.  I've read comments about how the wing flavors are not hot enough.  The hottest flavor isn't on the menu and you need to sign a disclaimer to eat it.  Buffalo Wild Wing would lose my business if there was a Bayou Hot Wings located in Houston.Was pretty bummed when I moved back to town and found out that Wingzone had been replaced, but Bayou Hot Wings made up for that real quick.
Me and some buddies decided to have some wings for the Saints game this weekend.
Decided to go with the Bayou Sweet Heat wings.  They were might tasty. Sweet and Spicy. Not too spicy, tho. Will probably try the next spice up next time.
Onion rings were perfect and I shamelessly put down most of my large order.
If you love wings, you should definitely try this place out. They even have gator and frog legs on the menu!Food was fresh, wing flavored were on point and chicken was crispy what more could you want.  Oh and prices are super fair.Hot wings. Yaaaaaas! I LOVE these chicken wings and will now only come to Bayou wings when I want anything buffalo. Their buffalo wrap is awesome and my favorite thing there. If you want classic fried buffalo wings with a twist, look no further. 
These wings are fresh and made to order. Like the girl at the counter says, you would be stupid to come to a wing place and not order wings. 
The Beast challenge is 10 of their hottest wings in under 5 minutes. You aren't even allowed to try the sauce without signing a waiver. The pictures of people trying it look absolutely miserable. 
We did try the hottest on the menu and I thought that was hot even for me who likes spice. I prefer the hot boy flavor the best. It's not mild, but not crazy hot so you can still enjoy the flavor of the sauce. You must also not pass up the house made blue cheese dressing. Everything here is made with quality ingredients and you can tell!
The only thing I don't like about Bayou wings is there is no place to sit. Other than the 4 bar stools inside and 2 picnic tables in the parking lot its not really conducive for a sit down meal. I am hoping their success continues and they are able to open a bigger location.Delicious wings.
I like chicken tenders more and their chicken tenders are legit. A lot of white meat chicken breaded to perfection.
Friendly service. Fries were also delicious.
Great for comfort foodThis place did not disappoint! I was looking for some good wings while passing through New Orleans and saw the reviews on yelp! I had the Chipotle BBQ wings, and they were absolutely amazing!! I also had the grilled chicken sandwich which was equally as good too! What's even better is the customer service! The guy taking our order took the time to explain the different sauces and made us feel so welcome! Will definitely stop by next time I'm in town!This place is great! 
They have the best tasting chicken wings and fried chicken tenders in the area.  The sauce options are all delictable and well varied to appeal to many different tastes.  I love the pepper jelly.  It is my favorite.  I need to try some different ones but the pepperjelly is so good I have not really gone through them all.  I have tried the thai chili glaze and it was delicious too, but, pepper jelly is better. 
The onion rings are made fresh, well seasoned, and thick sliced.
The French fries are what I classify as steak fries but they have a nice airy texture and are really good.  They are served tossed in house made cajun seasoning.
The restauraunt is very small with a few bars to eat at long the walls and two larger picnic tables outside.  They do a lot of togo business.  The drink selectioms are primarily glass bottles.
A note on the chicken wings: they are not those freakishly huge chicken wings; they are on the smaller side.Heard good things about this place so I finally decided to check bayou hot wings out. Happy I did because the wings were some of the best wings I ever had!Omg soooo good! Loved their wings! Def coming back here. I tried their bayou heat, garlic butter parmesan, lemon pepper and the chili one which I can't remember the name...lol. The garlic parm we're good but my least favorite. I say that bc they had the least amt of flavor for,me.Personable, courteous, helpful staff. Clean place. 
The food was fresh, made to order, crispy wings, good flavor. Onion rings were awesome! Fresh made dressings to accompany the wings. Will be back!!This is one of my go to spots to get wings in the NOLA area. Came in and got the 15 pc wings coated Bayou Hotboy sauce. It comes with a cup of either ranch or blue cheese. I chose Ranch. In addition to the wings, I got a regular order of garlic Parmesan fries. Everything was pretty good. Prices of the wings are relatively cheap compared to other places around the New Orleans area. Some people think it's weird to have wings breaded and then coated in sauce, but I like it. They are a variety of sauces to choose from. I like the Bayou Hotboy because it is not too sweet and not too spicy. It is just right. The downside to this place is the limited seating inside the restaurant and how small the wings are. If you are ever in the area and are craving wings, you should definitely check this place out! In addition to wings, they offer other things like tenders, alligator bites, fried shrimp, wraps, salads, and sandwiches.This is a great place to grab uniquely textured wings. 
I love the tempura batter with the sweet heat sauce. The batter gives their wings a succulent texture that holds together incredibly well. It's like the hot sauce absorbs in the batter and doesn't end up on our plate.  Their service is fast and friendly.  Their wings are consistently of good quality!Best wings I've ever had! Reviews were right on: must get the pepper jelly sauce. My son got the chipotle bbq on the frog legs, which also was greatThe wings with Bayou Hotboy sauce are about as good as it gets.I've only had the Thai Chili wings. They were so good the 20 times I've been here I keep ordering the same thing.I was lookin' for a wing place BETTER than WOW, and I found it. 
I got the deep fried wings in garlic butter parmesan and chipotle bbq. You could probably pass on the garlic butter parmesan... the cheese just kinda turns all plastic-y on top of the chicken... but the chipotle bbq has some good flavor! the fries are your typical steak fries. Staff is really friendly. I have always ordered to-go since there is really no place to sit and eat in there. They haven't gotten an order wrong so far.Was first on the list of food to try in Nola thanks to Man Finds Food with Adam Richman (foodnetwork) Tried the pepper jelly wings, Honey BBQ, and Teriyaki, all out of this world. Will be going back one more time before the vacation is done to try the frog legs and xtra spicy wings.Visiting frome cali, awesome wings! Staff was on point and very friendly. Definitely going back for a wing challenge before we leave.