B3st bar ever! You get very intimate with your bartender compared to other bars. Bartender willing to make drinks to your taste. Everything made was best Ive had. I went to plenty of other bars and prefer this one the most! Love love love this place. Will always be a regGreat drinks! The mixologists here are second to none. We didn't even know what we wanted and the bartender mixed up some great cocktails. The atmosphere is very loungey and comfortable as well. Great for a special night out!I like the couches and mixology drinks.
Place is a bit dark. We were 1 of 2 parties in the nearly empty place and still treated a bit condescendingly by the uppity waiter. Don't carry Jack Daniels (really?) for the one person that didn't want a specialty cocktail in our group.
My drink was good, but the techno music blaring made conversation impossible. Certain people may love this place but we had to get out after one drink.This place has ambiance down pat. My moscow mule was delicious and gingery just how I like it, but the bartender wasn't super friendly and took a while even though the place was pretty empty. They have a little outside area complete with a BED, yes, a bed to lounge on. Definitely pricey if you don't go during happy hour, so I'd recommend trying to get there while their specials are still going on ($6 classic cocktails)Five stars for the quality of the cocktails and the service, without reservations.  The "atmosphere" is a bit faux Los Angeles for my taste, however, and it's a tad of a local's price range for regular visits, sadly.Dark and sophisticated, Bellocq lures you in with a gorgeous bar and a wonderful sense of mystery
I met a friend here for drinks during a recent trip to New Orleans at his suggestion. I was a tourist and had never heard of the place, but he's been living in NOLA for awhile and said this would be a good spot.
My visit on Saturday night was very enjoyable. Arriving roughly at around 8:00pm, the bar was busy, but not jam-packed. I found seats at the bar very easily, and immediately was greeted by the bartender.
While nothing on the cocktail menu immediately struck my fancy, I was immensely pleased to have the bartender take a few moments to ask me about the types of cocktails I enjoyed. After hearing I was a gin fan, he put together a delicious variation of a sloe gin fizz, which was out of this world. So much so that I ordered two more after my first.
The art of mixology is alive and well here, too. The folks behind the bar take their jobs seriously, and all the drinks looked incredible.
Bit of a walk from the French Quarter where I was staying, but immensely worth it. Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'd definitely go back.For a place that tries to present itself as upscale, it is very downmarket in some aspects. A bar patron knocked my full, $10 cocktail to the floor. I told the bartender about it, and she simply said "We'll send someone over to clean it up."
At other places where they care about customer service, they would have said "What did you have? I'll be happy to re-make that for you." You know that would have been the first words out of their mouths at the Ritz-Carlton, or even Chik Fil A!
When I first ordered the drink, I was not asked how I wanted to pay. The waitress TOLD me, "I need a card." Not "Did you want to start a tab?" I. Need. A. Card. Yikes!
Then, when I closed my tab, the charge was for $10.90. Yes, they added tax! I cannot recall a single bar where they have charged tax, it is usually built into the price of the drink.
The waitresses did not have a crisp and polished look that you would expect in an upscale hotel bar. Instead, they had touseled hair, long flowing dresses and flat shoes. Someone pointed out that their style was probably intended to evoke the Storyville area. But, it was lost on me.
In addition, there were full, overflowing ashtrays everywhere outside.  I sat at two different seating areas throughout the night and there were stinky ashtrays at both spots. No hotel staff bothered to empty them, although they eagerly picked up glasses (be careful they don't snatch your drink, two of my friends had their drinks picked up before they were done).
The crowd was very, very snooty, but they were there for a birthday party so maybe that's not the usual crowd.
And to close on a positive note: the two sips of my drink that I did have (strawberry cobbler) were delicious!Hands down one of the absolute best cocktails I have had the pleasure of guzzling in New Orleans. I feel fancy here and I'm not a fancy girl! I had the pleasure of sitting at the bar and chatting with the incredibly helpful and friendly bartenders who are like a throwback to the good 'ol days.
Their handcrafted "cobblers" are not to be missed. I've tried a handful of them and I beg you to do the same.
I also tried to tuna tartar tapas and it was delicious! 
Moral of the Story: Put on your derby best and get here!Yum, just thinking about Bellocq gets my taste buds watering for more. We had my birthday party here a couple weeks ago and although its a bit off the beaten path from the Warehouse district staples and further from the FQ and CBD, the ambience and drinks here are really spectacular. 
From the same creators of Cure, bring you Bellocq within the Hotel Modern. I'm guessing its named after the famous NOLA photographer known for his pictures of Storyville back in its heyday with flapper girls and prostitutes. I'm guessing they would be hanging at this bar if it was open back then, 
The design is warm, red and very inviting. Plenty of seating for groups as well as couples on a romantic date. This is a place to enjoy a cocktail or two and some great conversation. 
I'm a sucker for tasty, fruity drinks and I'm ok with that. Bellocq is a perfect spot for classic cocktails and classic conversations. It's def hip to be here !Beautiful bar, beautiful cocktails, beautiful staff and wonderful service!!!!!  Perfect!!!!I'M IN LOVE WITH BELLOCQ and so is my boyfriend!  I was immediately enamored by Bellocq upon walking in.  It's interior design was inspired by Storyville during the sexual revolution long ago, and it's absolutely stunning!  Dark red walls with velvet chaises and curtains.  And my gosh the sofas are so darn comfy I could easily just go to sleep!  I'm just completely bewitched by their ambiance that I always want to come back.   Not to mention they also play great music.  Everything about this bar  gets you feeling completely relaxed and unarmed.  It also doesn't hurt that the bartenders are so adorable.
I've been here a few times and have tried a few of their special cobblers.  My favorite thus far is their Bonal Cobbler which includes grapefruit; it's completely refreshing and delicious!  I've also had several desserts their and they were all outstanding.  Coming from a dessert fanatic, this is such a big deal!  Their chocolate cake with raspberry sauce it to die for!  I'm not a big chocolate person, but man this cake was DIVINE!  It was incredibly light and fluffy and not at all too sweet.  I've also had the cantaloupe sorbet, which was also light and refreshing, and the blueberry bread pudding with vanilla ice cream and a blueberry sauce.  I must say, that bread pudding was decadent!  Absolutely mouthwateringly good!
I've already been here about three times, and trust me, this won't be the end of it!One of our 2 favorite cocktail bars from our trip. It's a big, dark, sexy space, with tons of couches in a vaguely burlesque-lounge sort of atmosphere. We walked right in and sat at the bar, because there was so little crowd. Had a great time chatting with the bartender, and had a bunch of wonderful, complex, unique, delicious cocktails.
Highest recommendation.Two drinks ordered, both fairly interesting [and quite tasty].  There are several cocktails on the menu that aren't what one would consider the "norm'. 
The one thing I didn't like was the speed of service in an otherwise empty bar.  The bartenders seemed a little too content talking to each other than making sure their patrons were tended to.This place epitomizes sexiness. It's dark, seductive, and mysterious. Awesome place for a first date. Too bad I was alone. :( 
Regardless, the service was great and the ambience was even better. It's an incredibly classy place, with classy drinks and classy food. And it didn't feel pretentious. I only had one drink (I recommend any of the cobblers) and the marinated olives but they were incredible. The olives were doused in just the perfect amount of olive oil and herbs. 
I stayed at the Hotel Modern, which I also loved. The fact that Bellocq is part of this hotel makes it the best hotel in New Orleans in my opinion. Can't wait to go back with friends!I went there for drinks the first week they were open. It's an upscale bar. The place looks great. It's extremely comfortable and feels as much like a living room as a bar. The Lee Circle location is actually really cool, and streetcars passing the St. Charles side of the bar provides a real "only in New Orleans" feeling. The bar also has an outside patio that looks very nice and intimate.
Inside, there are tables with service as well as a bar with very friendly bartenders. Both a bartender and a waitress were very patient in answering my questions. They understand cobblers are new to many patrons (despite their vintage status).
I ordered two cobblers. They were both prepared with fresh ingredients and looked like a work of art. The drinks are served in a frosted metal glass (can glasses be metal?) with many small ice cubes, a wheat grass straw, and fresh fruit garnishments.
Ultimately, I don't think cobblers are for me. Maybe I don't know what to order, but neither excited me (I forget what the first one was but it was on the sweet side, and the second one was an anise cobbler). Both were in the $8-$10 range, and I believe some cobblers were $20+.
Despite my lack of affection for cobblers (I may try again, because I want to like them!), I will be back. The atmosphere is really fantastic.Awesome atmosphere here. The bartenders were really nice and they played good music. I loved the decor and seating areas. It felt very intimate even though the room was pretty large and open. It had a very "modern" Victorian gothic feel.she sits waiting for her consort in a parlor bar in New Orleans, dreaming of the city. The soft enchating music of a violin drifts in on the air as she sits & watches the lights of the city, glittering in through the window. She imagines all of this to be hers, all of it including the moon.This bar is hands down one of the top bars in the country! It offers a great ambiance and is located right near the trolley stop. 
I was impressed with the lightly dimmed lights and intimate setting. The bar has a dark red color scheme with thick curtains and antique seating. The bartenders Mike and Adam were friendly and really knew their craft. They also had really eclectic music taste!
I would recommend going during their happy hour (5-7) to take advantage of the delectable appetizers and drink specials.This seems like the kind of place John Waters or maybe David Fincher would hang out in. It was a little odd to be honest. The music playing was some weird creepy electronic music, while the decor could only be described as creepy crossed with cheesy. It's like a bad knockoff of a boudoir-themed bar. Maison 140 in LA is a good example of how to execute this idea properly. This was not. The paintings on the wall were hideous.
Having said that the cocktails were delicious and pretty to look at. But at the end of the day I want to go to a bar for the ambiance more than the cocktails and this wasn't doing it for me.If you're like me, you'd like to try an extremely well made cocktail while in New Orleans.  Bellocq is the place to get it.
Dark and refined bar with a sleek patio.  Attentive service that's not overbearing nor condescending.  Make it one of your stops in NOLA.A very mellow quite bar. Great if your are looking to lounge and have conversations. Love the vintage decor look with the Victorian sofas. 4 stars for the delicious cocktails the bartender made for us! I recommend the lillet cobbler. The drinks look cute too!Fantastic cocktails and great people! Stop in and see Matt and Austin the resident mixologists. A must try in New Orleans!This clean, tastefully-decorated lounge offers a respite from the dive bars in French Quarters.  The intimate setting is more appropriate for dates and small parties.  I would have liked to see more specialty drinks on the menu, but it is still a full bar.This is a beautiful bar and so I understand that fancy places can command high drink prices. I expected this but I thought my drink was just ok and for $14, I expect delicious. I also hate those silver cups they come in, I dislike not being able to see the level of my drink. Is there one sip left? 15? I can't tell. The presentation was lovely but there are too many places I can spend $4-6 less for a drink that is just as fancy but not as pricey. Don't get me wrong, I'd have a drink here again but it's not on my short list.Great bar and off the French Quarter path. Love the atmosphere and the drinks are to die for! We tried many of the craft drinks and they were are fantastic! Remarkable Gin Fizz and another great drink with grapefruit...can't recall the name....but tasty! Very knowledgable bartenders! Grab a small bite plate too! Great cheese and olives! We will be back again and make this one to hit in our trip each time! See you soon!This cocktail lounge is amazing! We couldn't decide what we wanted so we told Matt what we liked and he made us some of the best cocktails we have ever had! The atmosphere was everything we wanted! So glad we ventured out to Bellocq! We will definitely be back again! Matt you rock!!Came here for a friend's bday and eh... Idk if I'll come back again. 
We had a nice time hanging out. But the superrrrrrr salty fries threw us off. As well as the extra drink the bartender charged us for even though we only ordered three. 
We talked to the bartender about it and he said he made us four of whatever those drinks were called. Well there's only three glasses on the table, but hey, whatever. 
We have places to go, so yeah... Never again. Besides that part of the night, it's a nice area to chill.I'm going out on a limb and saying that I actually like that Bellocq isn't teeming with people when I've been in there. Even on weekend nights, about half the seats have been empty (or full, depending on the way you like to look at the glass..), and I actually love this. I mean, what good are the plush, velvety couches if you don't even get to sit on them. I love that you can just grab a drink at the bar without hassel and find a place to sit and actually hear yourself talk because there aren't 25 million people in there.
Bellocq is really beautiful. It's dark and intimate. The bartenders are all really sweet. The bathrooms are AWESOME. They are just straight up bright red all around. The first time I came in, I was wearing red pants that matched the walls. It was fate. Try the Buffalo Trace cobbler if you like bourbon instead of rum. The fries are really yummy too.Untraditionally 'New Orleans' vibe with other worldly delicious cocktails. Every bartender has something special hidden up their sleeve- just ask them to surprise you. The cobblers are outstanding. Sarah is the most gracious, welcoming hostess.Ice Ice Baby
SITREP
I had one reason, and ONLY one reason I came to this bar (though admittedly there are MANY, but I never had the time otherwise because of an already busy YSB schedule), and that's because this is the attached bar on the ground floor of the Hotel Modern where I was staying during my recent stay in New Orleans.
THE SETUP
The Hotel Modern, unfortunately, does not have any ice machines that permit proactive guests to get their own ice.  [WTF?  What hotel doesn't have ice machines?]  The "fix" or workaround to this deficiency is that you, the guest, must come down in your slippers and ask the bartender or one of the bussers for a container of ice - usually one of those things they put ice AND champagne bottles in.
EXCEPTIONAL CUSTOMER SERVICE
Now, I could be cruel and give a lowered rating for having to endure this inconvenience.  But I've already given Hotel Modern both barrels on this and other issues.  To be fair, the bartender and the two bussers I dealt with were quite gracious and positive.
Yes, I left them a tip - which mind you is something you do NOT have to do when you get your ice at a DIY Vending / Ice station that most hotels have.  [I HATE this passive "forced" room-service approach, by the way.]  But there you have it.  My very limited interaction with this bar.
THE LOWDOWN
I wish I didn't have to be "forced" to get ice from them, but they are positive people that evidence wonderful customer service in any event.Nola Yelp events always have one thing in common. Well other than great people, so two things in common. There's always an after party. So after a wine tasting event at Keife & Co. we decided to walk the 1.5 blocks to Bellocq.
Immediately walking in I was impressed by the lounge. The lighting was low key but not dark and the room filled with lavish, comfortable seating. The bar itself is quite a sight. Whoever designed this space did a great job.
Looking over the menu I decided that I couldn't pass up a banh mi, especially one with foie gras. Sadly, it was unavailable so I selected the braised pork banh mi and a whiskey smasher to drink. The sandwich was delicious and accompanied by a light salad. The drink was nice but much sweeter than I expected any kind of whiskey drink to be.
Ultimately I really enjoyed my visit but this is not my scene. While I may be a young professional I'm more comfortable in a relaxed, neighborhood styled bar. Bellocq impressed me with decor and service but the banh mi and especially the cocktail didn't justify the premium price. I'd go again with a group, but not by myself.You are now entering the adventures of Elle...my alter ego. She is the cool, NOT calm, collect but  a back it up in ya face chick...she loves to partay, dance and drink. Have you met her? Imagine Vivica mixed with Taraji. YAS!
Elle is constantly looking for a great mojito and/or lemondrop. She loves red rooms- red room CHECK. Lynn is constantly reading and analyzing hr stuff. We like Lynn but love Elle. We love to party is her mantra. 
The drops at Bellocq are muy loco...The cheese and date plate mixed with a drop= owww. 
I would totally recommend a happy hour..yes I said HH at Bellocq. I would even recommend a first date or a night out with the girls. The parking is comp, so what does a girl have to lose. 
Elle wants you to hit the Bellocq scene soon!I've been here a few times.  The decor and atmosphere are top notch BUT every time I go it's totally dead.  Guess I'm just not going when it's "hip" to do so.  Anywho, decent selection of libations.  The famed Cobbler cocktail is good but pricey for a drink that takes me a few sips to finish.  Alas a creation of Bodenheimer so no fighting that.  Major downside this place that's a stone's throw from skid row (I can talk bc I'm in that hood) getting a group of girlfriends to go is difficult.  Don't want to give up on it yet... yet...This is where you belong when mixers and Coors light won't do it for you anymore. Count on Matt to hear a little bit about what you like, and mix something perfect for you. Bellocq was everything I wanted to be; well stocked, cozy, but airy, and an engaging bartender. It would be a shame to miss this place.I was here on a Monday with only a handful of other patrons but the atmosphere was cozy, trendy and lounge-y but somehow not pretentious. As other has mentioned--service was great. Went with one other person and we both got a Smasher, I got it with Rye and the person I was with got it with Gin. We were both happy and the drink went down smoothly. 
I also agree with Gavin about the downsides--the location (hotel bar, CBD) is kind of meh but it's a little bit easier to forgive and forget this downside because of the charming atmosphere when you enter. Overall, go here if you're in the area--it's definitely worth your time. But if you're choosing between Bellocq and Cure go with Cure just because it's not a hotel bar/isn't in the CBD.I was in town for a conference and came here with a couple of co-workers, one of who's from Baton Rouge and knew of Bellocq. We came in around 6:30 on a weekday, so it was rather quiet. 
Interior is rather cool. Lots of older plush wingback chairs, plus couches to kick back on, plus a bar with some great vintage bar stools. The walls are red, which gives it a cool old vibe. 
One of their well known drinks is a cobbler, which I was unfamiliar with. I wasn't going to order beer or wine in a place like this so asked the bartender for some suggestions on vodka martinis. Finally went with one straight up with a twist. It was served in a different glass than everyday martinis, was nice and cold, and had a great flavor. My friend ordered a Sazerac, which is an old school drink. I had a second martini and he had a cobbler on the second round. Our other friend stuck with her Chardonnay. 
A cobbler is NOT a fruity girly kind of drink like the descriptions can make it sound. It's over ice in a cool metal glass. I'll give one a try next time around. They also some other unique drinks on the menu, including a couple of absinthe drinks. 
This looks like it could be a pretty cool hangout late on a Friday or Saturday night. I'll certainly give it another go next time I'm in New Orleans. It may take mulitiple trips to fully explore the drink menu!Written 11/2012:  Came here on a whim last weekend and I was very impressed.  The atmosphere was dark and loungey.  The bartenders were amazing and so were the drinks.  I can't remember what I had (probably because I had too many), but everything I tried was so delicious.  My only complaint is that there seemed to be some type of douche bag convention going on inside.  The bartender informed me that's not the usual crowd.  Some private party for movie industry people.  I can honestly say I've never been around so many self-important reverse racists in my life.  I will definitely go back and pray those people never return.Super chill vibe. Great little private booths. Was here for a private party for NADA 2014. Feels like the type of place where you could drink with the Della's or fall in love with the ladies. 
The patio is great for smokers. Quaint, and warm feeling. 
We sat down in a little booth, and within 50 seconds a waiter brought over a little table. Nice touch.I knew I loved Bellocq as soon as I walked in the door. The setting is opulent and romantically dim; the bar is set up like a libationary altar. I love the fact that they have a specialty genre of cocktails, and the cobbler format of fruity and frosty drinks is perfectly suited to New Orleans. A perusal of the back bar shows excellent taste in quality and selection of spirits, although not exhaustive. The bartenders are the real draw here, though. Their knowledge, attention to detail, and quality of service are excellent, and they provide a consistent experience whether you are the only person at the bar or the customers are 3 deep. However, it's a classy joint, so if your friends are looking for Bud Light, Jaegerbombs, and cheese fries, I'll point you to F&M's. I've book-ended many special nights at Bellocq over the last year and every one has been amazing and memorable, especially when Katie is behind the stick!My loved what you have done to the place! Those brown velvet seats are soo comfortable. I love the 2 curtained off booths so very romantic. If you were going for the French Boudoir theme I think yall nailed it. Tonight was the first time I used the restroom out of 4 visits I discovered they are painted with my fav shade Bright Red! Cocktails are great love the refreshing Lillet Cobbler.On the recommendation of a friend, we tried this place on a recent visit to New Orleans.  The recommendation was based on the strength of its ownership by the folks who run Cure, one of my favorite bars anywhere; it's not quite as daring and creative a menu as Cure, but its pre-cocktails approach is still interesting, and the drinks are tasty as hell.  It's a nice space, too, especially if you're staying downtown -- very laid-back and decadent.  The service was great, and I'd have spent the whole rest of the night there if I could.  Spend the extra two bucks to make your drink a cobbler; it's well worth it.Decided to check Bellocq out after reading the reviews.  Interesting that I have been by this place hundreds of times and never knew it was here.  
Not your typical hotel bar.  In fact, so far from a typical hotel bar, its hard to imagine why someone thought this was a good idea.  Apparently, this is owned by the same folks that own Cure.  I guess they know what they are doing.   
Great place to hide on those hot, humid summer days.  It's dark and cool, lots of turn-of-the-century cushioned furniture, artistic contemporary bar, neat accent lighting, very sophisticated.  Mande's Bed would not be out of place here (local reference).  We ended up sitting in one of the alcove sofas.  The music is a little louder than you might expect.  
Service was fast and friendly.  I'm not that impressed with the drink menu.  Sure, lots of different coblers (quick test - who has ever had a cobler before?) but very limited beer menu.  I was surprised to find they don't make a Pimms Cup.  So, you are not going thirsty, but I like the Cure menu better.  The menu suggests pretty good happy hour prices.  Evening hour prices are less than the airport and consistent with other high end bars.  
Nice place, I would go back if I was driving by.Drinks are a bit on the expensive side, but the bartenders are great, and you can't beat the ambiance.Stayed at The Hotel Modern so came by this adjacent bar for a drinks and light bite. It's prohibition style; dark, craft cocktails, bartenders in vests and suspenders, plush seating. We got some seats at the bar and struck up a nice convo with Winston, who whipped up some lovely libations. I can't even remember what all we tried, but they were all quite good. Tell them what you like, and listen to their recommendations. The food comes from next door's Tivoli & Lee. We had some marinated olives and andouille tots (potato and andouille with manchego, yes!). It was a nice and relaxing time.How did I not write a review? My booze-soaked brain told me I already had...
You've had your fair share of (insert brand or flavor here) martinis, downed enough pomegranate Manhattans to fuel Oppenheimer's project and slugged down the requisite number of Mojitos needed to buy into a sugar cane farm. 
Enter the cobbler and shrub. Google them because I can't spoon feed you everything.
This spartan yet inviting den of craft and culture fills a void - enjoying a great drink in Lee Circle. You can watch any parade from the windows in climate-controlled comfort. Listen to live piano music. Watch and chat up the boys behind the bar and learn about the delicious drinks you're ordering.
Go before every other SOB swarms the place.Awesome unique cocktails and sexy lounge atmosphere.  Good for groups and to stand in front of at the Mardi Gras parades!My New local Crush:
Bellocq is just THAT spot for a formal or informal hangout that makes you feel like you''ve escaped to NYC! Every drink the bartender made me was yum to say the least. Lemon drop was especially my fav. The assortment of cheeses are intense and tastastic. I also  sampled the french fries which were tender and paired with honey mustard sauce. A great 1st date spot because of the romantical vibe. C you soon Belloq!After an incredible day and a transcendent dinner in the most romantic city in the United States, where do you go to finish off the evening before drifting off to happy dreams?
Bellocq. Obviously.
We were last in NOLA about a year ago, and were lucky enough to sit inches from Chris McMillan while he worked his magic at Bar Uncommon.  Since then, we have searched in countless cities on several continents for that kind of artist, a combination raconteur / historian / nerd / chef.  We haven't found his equal, but this place came the closest so far.
Highlights: every cobbler we tried was fantastic, a simple marriage of crushed ice, fortified wine and fresh fruit.  Also enjoyed a non-dairy fizz.  One look at the shelves will tell you these cocktail crafters are as adventurous as they are cordial and friendly (not in-your-face, but not opposed to a good conversation, either.)
The ambience was very chill -- lots of drapey fabric and innovative, muted lighting. Pewter cups held a frost beautifully.  Trancelike, soulful Swedish electronica floated above our heads, and too soon, it was last call and time for the beginning of another lovely day.Gorgeous lounge/bar. Went to the Jazz party, and the setting was perfect. Looks like something out of that era!A lot of time and money was spent on Bellocq, a Storyville throwback lounge named after the famous Storyville photographer. The place is a lot of fun even though we got a very early  start on the evening and it was basically empty. It does look like a 19th century brothel (red walls, ornate sofas, heavy drapes) absent, unfortunately, the hookers. The bartenders were seriously into their craft and interesting to talk to. The cocktails were fresh, creative, and delicious. I definitely want to go there again.Great lounge bar!
Not sure how to describe the theme, it borders on speakeasy but its also very chic and modern. The service is very quiet and personal as though you have your own personal waiter. The bartenders are high quality mixologists who know their drinks and how to make new drinks if you just tell them your favorite liquors they will make you something special. 
Down side: location. A hotel bar is not my ideal of high quality. Furthermore, the bathroom is located through the front hall of the hotel, which is a dark concrete and "abandoned" area.Nice atmosphere but the bartender was a jerk. I went 6mos pregnant for a friends birthday and asked if he could make a drink non alcoholic. Bartender said no, made fun of my question, offered nothing else not even water. Never going back, pregnant or not!The head bartender Matt is awesome. The drinks were fantastic. The ambience was really great as well. Love this bar!I feel qualified to write a review because we made a valiant effort to try as many of the cocktails as we could although I do have to admit that the ending of the night was a bit of a blur. 
The mixologist behind the bar, our new friend, takes his work very seriously, and organizes a smartly dressed and very knowledgeable group of barmen, sporting bowties, suspenders, and obvious passion for the craft of bartending. Bartending is not the word at all for what these guys do. Tending would imply manning a post, but these guys are far from that. They are drink-inventing artists who seem to find inspiration in old favorites from diverse cultures that they seem to research, improvise and imagine in every drink, using variations on a theme in order to invent well grounded, yet original masterpieces. Sometimes their result comes out just tangy; on other occasions, Icarians, they flap in earnest towards the heavens before presenting their precisely-mixed and elegantly- decorated potions before you on the bar. 
Anyway, the other Yelpers here will give you a general idea of what the cocktails look like. Why are there no pictures of the bar itself? Probably because it was too dark to photograph! This hotel side bar is very dark, which makes it somewhat somewhat seedy, somewhat romantic, and pretty posh. It is nestled in the corner of CBD, along the streetcar route before it rounds the circle and heads up St. Charles into uptown. Although technically in the business district, its darkness makes it very nonbusinesslike... unless you are in the mafia, I guess.  
We came here for a birthday party, and had an excellent time, trying all the concoctions, and chatting about whatever came to mind. The conversations got better as the night continued. The mixologists were our friends by the time we left, and we probably became better friends with each other. The top shelf alcohol greased the skids, of course. At one point, I looked up at the lighted wall full of bottles behind the bar and noticed the sophistication in their stock. (I probably only knew 20% of the booze bottles they displayed.) 
Some of the more casual natives, who might be accustomed to a more informal atmosphere and who Yelped before me, seem to have found this place too formal or pretentious. But I would consider it an interesting  and welcomed addition to the city's eclecticism and allure. I have not yet tried Cure, but would now like to.My husband and I really liked Cure, but we LOVED Bellocq. We stayed at Hotel Modern and were so ridiculously happy that this fantastic cocktail bar was just outside our front door. Cocktails were great, even the mystery punch in the big bowl on the bar was impressive, and the bartenders were very friendly. Highly recommend.Bellocq is one of the fancy cocktail bars the New Orleans is known for. I am not really a huge cocktail person, but I can appreciate a well crafted drink.
Bellocq has an extensive menu of drinks that they can make for you, that are sure to appeal to all tastes.
Oddly enough, I think that the best thing about this place is the atmosphere. It's really dimly lit, which I love. I really dig cozy places like this. It also has a lot of sofas and benches for group sitting, which adds to the tranquility of the entire place. 
If you are in the mood for a little something to eat, they have a small menu of little tapas that you can munch on.
I knocked off a two stars because the staff seemed overwhelmed by the large crowd and there was limited seating at 9 pm.Love the atmosphere- dark and classy. Mike made us 2 different and distinct drinks- both of which we loved. Just describe what you like and let the bartenders do their magic. Love it!When I realized where this new hotel bar was, I couldn't help but laugh. The last time I was in this space, the building was still the YMCA and I was picking up packets for the Corporate Cup race that they used sponsor.  And I have to say for a former cinderblock & concrete space, they have certainly made it feel cozy.  The room is spacious without feeling cavernous. The wait staff was attentive.  
I didn't have any of the fancy new cocktails since I was on a bubbly kick that night, but the sips I took from others' drinks were good. (Yes, people I knew. Jeez)  I'll definitely head back over when I'm feeling moderately fancy-pants.Great atmosphere. A trip back in time to the 20s... a great speakeasy. Matt the bartender will mix you a concoction that will excite your tastebuds. A great place for pre dinner drinks.If you are ever in town during Mardi Gras stop by this bar! Great ambience. Great service. Great cocktails. Best of all, they have restrooms! During Fat Tuesday most places will be closed and you'll have to use a port a potty to use the restroom. So a place with great drinks and a restroom is a rarity. Try out this gem. Keep your tab open and the drinks coming.My only complaint was that the bar service was extremely slow. I know it's one of those craft cocktail bars so I understand it takes longer to make a drink, but geez! I actually had to ask another person to order my drink for me because that's how long I waited. Although there was an event going on that night, so it was really crowded and is why I waited so long.
The cocktails are delicious too! I told the person who ordered my drink to tell the bartender to make me something that tastes good, and he did! You can really tell they take their time in making every drink perfect.
Overall, the ambience is really nice and romantic, and I would definitely come back here.I first heard of Bellocq from Esquire magazine's 2013 list of their Best Bars in America annual review.  
This place just screams out sexy! Great place to take a date or to enjoy a craft cocktail. I see it more of a lounge than a bar because you can easily get comfy in their chill area.  If you're looking for a classy NOLA experience you must pay a visit to Bellocq.This lounge has atmosphere. There's dark, moody lighting. The area is spacious which is good because no one likes a claustrophobic bar. Plush harem seats and antique couches around the walls; very upscale. If you're looking for a lounge, this place is great. 
You'd expect the drinks to be very pricey but I found them quite reasonable, especially for how classy the interior is. From 5pm-7pm there is a happy hour with a $5 drink menu, always a winning factor for me.
There is also a drink menu. As someone who loves to try new drinks, I LOVE when bars give me options to pick from. Some of the drinks are served in special cups (eg. tin can), giving it that old time speak easy feel.
Overall a nice place. The wait staff were attentive and very nice.this is my new favorite bar in new orleans. 
comfy chairs, good mellow indie rock playing at a volume such that i may converse with my friend without yelling. cocktails for mixologist nerds - and i am not a mixologist (though i am a nerd) - so i didn't recognize any of the ingredients on the menu; but i trust the bartenders here (because i've been to cure many times) and i got two drinks and they were both delicious. the "baller" list in the back of the drink menu cracked me up, as did the fact that the place that specializes in 19th century cocktails also offers, by way of bar food, banh mi. 
there's a patio, too. half-dead on a wednesday because they're in lee circle. don't all show up all at once and ruin it for me. (but show up enough to keep them in business.)This is a bar mainly designed for cocktail drinkers and I'm mainly a beer drinker.  This bar is insulting to beer drinkers as they pour your TINY 4-6oz serving of beer in a baby stemmed glass and then don't give you the bottle unless you pay for a large wine size bottle of beer.  Of course they charge you the full price for the tiny shot of beer they serve that you would pay for a normal size bottle of beer!  As a general rule I'm not a fan of tiny and dainty coupled with inflated prices when it comes to what I eat and drink.
I had some decent Bourbon drinks here and sampled one of their "cobblers" but really it wasn't any better than any brand of Bourbon and soda would have been so I really don't see any point in paying a premium price for an average tasting drink.  The interior was nice for what it was but the main attraction for coming to this place is the fancy cocktails which really don't do much for me.  Overall it probably just isn't a place a beer drinker like myself would ever choose to frequent but if you like fancy cocktails you will love it here.Very romantic. Go here on a date or double date. The cobblers have a lot of ice in them and get watery rather quickly so either drink fast, had for less ice or order something else.Decided to visit Bellocq on our recent short trip to NOLA. 
What I loved:
- Ambiance - it is the kind of place where you want to hunker down on the sofas and sip on your cocktails.
- Location - right off of Lee Circle in the Modern Hotel. I like that it's more quiet here than near the quarter.
- Happy Hour Pricing - happy hour from 5-7.
- Cocktails - We got the Sazerac's - they hit the spot!
What wasn't as great:
- Food menu wasn't great. I wanted simple apps (like they had on the old menu), but the short menu seemed to heavy.
- Only the one bartender and couldn't really catch him to place a food order. We decided to move on to somewhere else for dinner and more drinks.
We'll be back!Visited New Orleans this past weekend and visited Bellocq on  a recommendation from an outstanding cocktail bartender friend of mine, so my expectation was high to say the least. Well I think they were too high, because this place really disappointed me. A friend and I decided to do a cocktail walk in the French Quarter and Bellocq was on the list, as recommended by my friend. It is definitely a hike from the French Quarter,  but we didn't mind the walk at all, especially with the expectation of having great cocktails.   We found the place and the atmosphere was less desirable  to say the least.  There were loud obnoxious patrons in the bar. There was a group of maybe 10 couples who were middle aged but acting like college freshman at a frat party.  Something I did not expect here after visiting 4 other cocktail bars that evening prior to Bellocq.  Well I tried to sit at the bar and it took 5 minutes before I was able to sit. Not because the bar was full, there were only 3 chairs occupied,  but because the bar was filthy. There were used dirty cups and drinkware all along the bar and the entire bar was wet. I decided to clean off a spot so I could sit on a chair at the bar. I literally bussed my own area. I took all the dirty cups and drinkware and pushed them to one side. I then sat down and put my elbows on the bar and my elbows submerged into about an inch full puddle of water. Gross! Anyway, I waited another 10 minutes for the bartender to acknowledge me, which I  actually  don't mind since I'm a craft cocktail enthusiast. But the cocktail should be worth the wait, well in the case of Bellocq,  it wasn't.  So I look over the menu.  It was a very impressive menu with what appeared to be delicious cocktails,  but I decided to be safe and order their old fashion.  Seeing that the place had already disappointed me, I didn't want to set a high expectation of their cocktails.  I ordered their old fashion and my buddy wanted me to get him a New York Sour. Well I tell the bartender my order and I nearly fell off of my bar stool when she replied "a what", to my New York Sour order.  But i composed myself giving her the benefit of the doubt because I figured she couldn't hear me over the night club style loud music. I repeated myself and received the same reply "a what" but then held onto my bar stool this time at her reply. She then followed her "a what?", with "what is that? A New York Sour? I've never heard of it. I can look it up and see how it's made" I graciously thanked her and told her that she didn't have to make it. She pressed on, asking how it's made and she would gladly make it. I give her an A for enthusiasm and customer service because she really seemed interested in trying her hand at making a New York Sour. But a New York Sour isn't a drink you should try on an a first attempt at a cocktail bar to a cocktail enthusiast.  Anyway, I really appreciated her concern and wanting to please the customer. That's the only reason I gave Bellocq 2 stars,  otherwise I would've rated them -1. So I then proceeded to order their old fashion.  I think it's called the ORietta Old Fashion. Anyway, the menu states it uses grapefruit bitters. Well the drink smelled amazing but what proceeded to enter my taste buds was probably one of the most disappointing old fashions I've had. I'm all about bitter liquors. Hell, I can do shots of Campari!  Not that I do but that's how much I enjoy bitter liquor and drinks. But the bitterness from the grapefruit made it seem like I was sucking on a non ripe grapefruit peel. The bitterness overpowered everything.  I could not taste the Bourbon.  Needless to say my buddy and I left our half full cups on the table and decided to take the walk back to the French Quarter and redeem the New Orleans cocktail reputation for us. I usually give bars a second chance but next time I visit New Orleans,  Bellocq will not be on my lists of cocktail bars. So disappointed.excellent mixologists who really know their stuff, and great music too!asked to move from middle seats that were reserved. Not offered additional seating just told we had to move. Given a menu about 30 minutes after being there. Waitied another thirty minutes never asked what we wanted. SHe asked and served our neighbors though. I dont even know her name. SHe had on orange skinny jeans and a white peplum shirt. Nevertheless, I can sense when I'm not welcome. I'll be sure to tell anyone who inquires.New Orleans doesn't have a professional baseball team; we have professional mixologists - and these guys have knocked it out of the park.  Again.
The team that brought you Cure now invite you to Bellocq.  Different part of town, different menu, different approach, but same great execution that earns them their rep.
The branding of the bar is consistent in its deep, old world tones paired with its nods (read: naked lady on the ceiling) to famed Red Light District photographer and namesake Belloqc.
In short, it's lovely.  We tried 2 signature punches, and I favored The Nuremberg.  With this opening, the Circle Bar reboot, and the new nearby Rouses, what could be next for the Warehouse District?One of the coolest, sexiest, trendiest bar's in all of New Orleans.  And they make an awesome Sazerac!Who would've thought drinking out of tin cans would be so classy! It's 19th century libations but without feeling the threat of tetanus or botulism! Came here as a recommendation from my friend's friend who had raved about this place-- and she didn't steer us wrong. Definitely one of my favorite places in NOLA! 
We both ordered a cobbler, got comfy in our arm chairs and enjoyed the scene. It was quiet with only a few people here and there-- I guess it wasn't much of an early evening hot spot. However, you almost feel like you've been transported to another space-time: sip with convos at your leisure. Loved the sexy, dark and dim ambiance. My cocchi americano cobbler was light and fruitfully paired with a couple of eats: burrata speck rolls and beet chevre crostinis. I didn't care much for the speck rolls, but the crostinis were pretty decent. Overall, great place to check out if you haven't been!If I had the money and cared about every little aspect of a mixed drink, I would probably like this place more. The place feels like a cross between an old speak-easy and Whiskey Blue at The W. It looks like The Columns Hotel bar minus the plastic cups and college kids using their dad's American Express card. 
This place is just not my scene but good for you if it is. You'll really like this place. The bartenders are just as knowledgeable and skillful as the bar tenders at Cure. The drinks are really expensive but you're definitely getting what you pay for. Just make sure that you order a water with your drink and sip on both so your cocktail lasts longer.The cocktails here are pretty darn good, but you can get good cocktails all over New Orleans. This place wins on the ambiance. Although it is small and seating is limited, the place is dimly lit with old school light bulbs, and you can't not imagine yourself having a drink as part of a scene from some noir crime novel. 
This place is probably best to enjoy a drink alone or with an intimate group of friends. It's not the best place for mixing it up with strangers. But it certainly sets an atmosphere to drown your sorrows, to people-watch, or just to pass some time.
The cocktail menu is pretty complete and the drinks I've had here have all been satisfying. 
This spot is not really walking distance to the social spots in NOLA (at least nightlife) and so I consider it a secluded, off-the-beaten-path type spot. It can get crowded due to how small it is, but you're not going to be fighting for a drink like you might in the French Quarter. 
I dig it. I'm sure you will too.In a city that's known for bars this place is awesome. The bartenders are very friendly, helpful, and creative. One of the things that I really like about good cocktails bars is that you can just tell the bartender your tastes and he will then craft a cocktail to suite them. This has really taken off in the northeast and I enjoy it because that way you don't have to look through a 15 page cocktail list. The atmosphere is great, very laid back and very pre-prohibition.  It's out on Lee Circle which may be a little bit of a hike depending on where you are staying but I can tell you that the trip will be worth it.Came in on a very slow evening and had my best bar experience in New Orleans.. Bellocq has a great fortified wine collection and cocktails incorporating them. Colin kills it behind the bar with his knowledge, experience, and customer service. I cannot wait to returnIf you want an educated bartender that knows what they are serving and why, come to Bellocq and try something amazing. We had a great experience here and the boudin sliders from next door were amazing!! Enjoy!Oh, I want to live here! I have been meaning to go, for reasons I will get in to later, but it is not in my usual path of travel. However, a friend who recently moved to New Orleans and I wanted to go to a Happy Hour and I thought it would be a good time to try Bellocq. 
I thought the happy hour deal was good. I had the champagne cocktail. It was good. I do love a Sazerac and will try Bellocq's when I have a designated driver.. http://www.thehotelmodern.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/bellocq-menu-spring-14.pdf
We shared a "small plate" of the chicken liver pate. It came with little slices of bread and a couple of pickled items and a cloud. I'm not kidding. We decided it was egg whites. This was delicious and I put small plate in quotes because it was a fairly massive portion. Between two women, we left some pate on the plate. 
So, my great-great grandmother was first cousin to Ernst Bellocq and the grandfather who Bellocq and his family lived with was my greatx4 grandfather...
Okay, I give you a picture of Mr. Bellocq: http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/E-j-bellocq_jpg.jpg
A picture of my great-great grandmother: http://www5.snapfish.com/snapfish/slideshow/AlbumID=6020655027/PictureID=255820253027/a=9362424027_9362424027/otsc=SHR/otsi=SPIClink/COBRAND_NAME=snapfish/
And a picture of their grandfather (my greatx4): http://www.louisianadigitallibrary.org/cdm/ref/collection/LPS/id/232
Ah! I forgot to rave about the atmosphere. When I popped in at 5, right after work, I was the only one in there for a bit, before my friend joined me and a few other people came in. I sat by the window, read on my Kindle Paperwhite, and gazed out the window on the goings-on at Lee Circle until my friend came. The decor is cool and there is a lot of comfortable seating.I place certain orders when trying new places, whether they be bars or restaurants, in order to establish a minimum level of competency (e.g., ordering pad thai at a Thai restaurant).  For cocktail bars, that order is an old fashioned, no fruit.  The gentlemen at Bellocq met the mark with the (several) old fashioneds I had last Friday night.  The ice used was specially formed for sufficient heft, the orange twist was generous, and the bitters were suitably aromatic to cut the bourbon without overwhelming its flavor.  The ceiling painting was a nice homage to the bar's namesake photographer, E.J. Bellocq.