Fantastic breakfast/brunch spot. The coffee is fantastic and the menu offered a great variety of options. Hash browns were divine.Yes! Hidden at the back of a plaza, this restaurant has a great ambience, lighting, and food. I love that they offer grass-fed beef and Mylks. Multiple healthy and decadent options. They accept reservations and it's an okay place for children. Can't wait to go back!Beautiful space in a modern building on Magazine. Interior is nice with visible kitchen. I sat out on the patio, which is also a great space  with plenty of well spaced seating. 
THE FOOD: I ordered a Butcher's Bowl..pastrami, house tots, onions, sweet peppers, blue cheese, fried egg, steak sauce. The ingredients had a lot of flavor. I loved the house tots, and the peppers and caramelized onions added a sweet, savory tang with meat. The pastrami had good spice, peppery a little fatty, which gave nice flavor. With the egg, sauce, and Bleu cheese, made it complete. 
Priced well.My wife and I were in New Orleans for our anniversary. After a morning walking exploring the French Quarter, we took the streetcar to the Garden District for a late brunch at Birdy's Behind the Bower. We sat outside and it was beautiful. Beautiful weather, beautiful patio, lots of friendly dogs, and beautiful people. At the table next to us, were two guests with two beautiful white labradors enjoying the beautiful weather. I had a few laughs as they tried to find food scraps and eventually settled on munching on nearby leaves of the bananas trees. Dog friendly brunch is good.
I ordered the huevos rancheros with two Bloody Mary's. It was solid start to my second day of vacation. I would go again and recommend you do as well.This is a new spot, the menu is diverse and the service is good. The vibe is cute with a hint of bridal shower - muted pinks, creams, etc. It is what you would expect a place named Birdy's to look like. Food was excellent, I got the mushroom benedict and cannoli french toast. Bloody mary was good but not amazing. Would definitely go there again, lots of other menu items i wanted to try!Although the ambiance was really nice, we had a few issues with this restaurant. We ordered drinks which were iced tea and coffee, and it took at least 25 minutes for them to come out of the kitchen. There seemed to be a nice selection of sides, but when they arrived with the entrees, they seemed more like decoration than a side. They were out of the house made tots, so we were given exactly one sliced strawberry and one quarter of an avocado as a replacement for $4. We also ordered mini pancakes and received 3 coin sized, cold pancakes also for $5. There was also a cat that was walking behind our heads in the booth while we were trying to eat, which for some people could be an added plus, but it was a little unsanitary as two of the people at our table are allergic. They cannot split checks by item. Overall the entrees were very good, but confounding variables made this an unpleasant experience. Just trying way to hard to be trendy and not succeeding.The location is inside a building and if I didn't search for this place, I probably wouldn't of realized this restaurant. The decor inside and their outside seating is beautiful. The food is amazing but just be mindful that brunch foods end at 11am. 
I couldn't decide whether I wanted the Birdie burger or their chicken burger, so a friend and I decided to split it and when they served it, they cut it in half for us and I have to say the chicken burger was so flavorful with their cheese!Great weekend group brunch spot! 
We came for the bottomless mimosas, and stayed for the breakfast items. Thumbs up on the huevos rancheros and eggs Benedict, in particular. 
Our group had more love for the savory items over the sweet, but there's a bit of something for all palates. Great outdoor dining area that appears pet-friendly for those with 4-legged companions.I'm so glad I came here! I can't believe this location is only 3 weeks old. It was ran as if it had been here for years, very professional!
This is an Instagram girl's dream. The place is decorated with people wallpaper, a hidden accent swing, and beautiful potted plants.
I went for breakfast and had the bubble waffle. It was so big, I could finish it all no matter how hard I tried, but it was absolutely delicious! My friend had their french toast and loved it.
Excellent restaurant and I'm absolutely impressed! I'll definitely be back, that's a guarantee. Thanks for the wonderful brunch!I enjoyed dining at Birdy's with my colleague. Their bubble waffle is pretty special. My steak and eggs were also delicious. I was pleasantly surprised by the homemade tater tots. I typically don't care for tater tots, but the ones here are fresh. Definitely will return!We ate here on 3/27/21 and while the food was good, the service was unbearably slow.  We were seated at 10am, our reservation time, and it was 10:30 before our cold brew and latte showed up despite having ordered it almost immediately after sitting.
It was after 11 before our food showed up, and we had ordered it at 10:10 or 10:15.  50 minutes for a biscuit with egg and cheese and huevos rancheros is a bit ridiculous.  They nicely brought us a free cinnamon roll to "snack" on because it was taking so long but that wasn't much consolation when you didn't order any other sweet items and weren't in the mood for them.
It then took another 10-15 minutes just to get the check squared away.
All told, we were there for an hour and 40 minutes, which was probably 45 minutes to an hour too long.  I hope they work the kinks out as they're a new place, because they may only get one more chance from me.  As I said, good food, but not worth waiting an hour+ for.Wonderful Sunday Brunch spot. Open and airy outside, cool and clean inside. We had the banana French toast with a cannoli like creme, the classic egg breakfast and the best vanilla iced latte's around! Our waitress was phenomenal knowing we had a tour to get to and got my ticket ready so quick! Would make this a go to spot if In The Garden District again!Sooo delicious! The aesthetic is beautiful, and the service is wonderful! I'll be coming back a lot more often!Protocol: This place takes reservations. I created a reservation on OpenTable. Once you enter, wait to be seated.
Environment: The decor is a total vibe. It gives eclectic chic brunch spot. You can dine inside or outside. I chose to dine in.  Inside is quaint, outside has a little more seating.
They have tables for two or four. They also have bar like seating as well.
The Birdy's sign is near the kitchen just incase you want to take a picture.
Food and drinks:
Ok, so I ordered the brunch board, huevos rancheros, and the  paloma. The board was HUGE but I loved it!
However, I would exchange the coppa with prosciutto and the light syrup with old school syrup.
The huevos rancheros was good and flavorful. The chef really knew what he was doing!
Paloma was ok.
Service: Service was good. However, there was a waitress there that didn't seem too friendly. I was glad we weren't seated in her section. As I was conversing with another person on the staff, she was looking  over at our table with an unpleasant look.
When inquiring about the bathroom, she flippedly mumbled something and motioned with her head (in no particular direction) so I assume she confirmed the bathroom location?
Parking: We were able to find street parking not far from restaurant.
Overall, I wouldn't mind ordering to go if I were to eat here again.Let me start off this review by saying this restaurant only seats you if you have a reservation. I learnt the hard way. I decided to visit here on a whim one morning with my hubby and we were told by the host that they do not accept walk-ins. I looked around and saw empty tables, so I went onto open table to see if I could make a quick booking but nothing was available. Then I tried calling and no one picked up, so I left a voicemail and still no one returned my call. Noticing so many people walk past the place knowing that they would not get a table made me wonder if this is the best business approach. 
You can make a reservation on open table and they do not request credit card reservations. So if you don't show - the Restuarant just has a bunch of empty tables? And no walks ins can be seated. Just makes no sense to me. It did leave quite a bitter taste in my mouth but as a true foodie I was determined to at least try the food to write this review. So I went online I booked for the next weekend. Not sure why they don't accept walk ins.... when I asked why the host just said " it's our policy". Seriously- what does that mean. When someone says that to me I just think.... is that the answer your manager just told you to say even though it makes absolutely no sense. If it was for covid details reasons- then take peoples information at the door. If it's for planning your food purchases then you will lose produce because of no shows. I will always wonder. 
I finally got to try this place , now let's talk ambience. The Restuarant is quite cute with a very nice outdoor ( covered) seating area. The host and waiters .... um, let's just say needs improvement. The host is very matter of fact. That's our policy, or did you make a booking, that's it. No niceties there. While the waiter told me what's good there, the only thing that got me a bit annoyed was that she offered to box my food while I was still eating. Seriously? 
The food - we ordered the salmon toast and the 
Huevos Rancheros ( black beans, slow simmered chicken, cilantro , avocado and egg) and a side of pancakes. The salmon toast - the salmon was fresh and the bread was nice.... but I think they drizzle oil on top of the salmon making it very oily.  The sauce on top is nice but too much. Maybe on the side would be better. It's a nice sandwich but just too much for me. I couldn't finish it because it tasted quite soggy. The side of pancakes was ok. 
The huevos rancheros was good. The chicken was really tasty. The only downfall was that we specifically asked for the egg to be medium and it was very very runny. Because we waited so long for the food, it was pointless sending it back and so we just ate around the egg. 
My chai latte arrived at my table cold. I sent it back and asked for it to be warmer and the second time around it was ok. The size of the glasses for the orange juice is quite small. Not sure if there are different sizes,weren't asked. 
I think overall it's a beautiful place and maybe a lot of the issues I experienced was because it's a fairly new restaurant. Well I hope so. I think I'll try it again in a few weeks and update my review.  
On covid measures  - there is someone that goes around and sanitizes the tables.I usually don't do this, but I really expected much more. Gris-Gris was closed unexpectedly, so we walked down to Birdy's, hoping for a high-quality brunch and drinks. We were sat outside, which wasn't an issue initially since we were one of two tables. As more tables were sat, the parties were not spaced out at all, and everyone was uncomfortably close to each other. Our server seemed to not want to be there, and while there were only about 7 tables total, both servers seemed to be in the weeds the entire time, not even checking on our food nor offering pleasantries. The $10 cocktails were watery and unappealing. The $15-17 entrees were dry and uninspired. The brioche bun I was served was hard as a rock. I would ordinarily bring this up to the staff, but again, we were never provided a two-bite quality check, and did not see our server for the rest of the time. When our check was dropped off ($68 for two people is insanely overpriced for what we received), the server (not ours) was curt and rude, not offering a goodbye nor thank you. Even the ambiance was ruined by the proximity to other tables and the fan blowing our menus around, which we had to turn off ourselves. I wish there was one redeeming quality. Perhaps the hostess, who was friendly and professional.Full disclosure: I went for their first Sunday brunch that they were open. I go in to such a new establishment expecting hiccups but I had hoped it would be smooth since they are associated with several other establishments, including ones next door to this one. With this in mind, I was not expecting the experience I had. 
It took an hour for us to get food. Additionally, the toilet broke and I alerted a waitress at a nearby computer because there was no hostess at the hostess stand. The toilet would not flush and the handle just spin in complete circles. A friend went to the restroom maybe thirty minutes after I did and had a small panic moment in the bathroom because the toilet didn't work. They easily could have placed a sign on the door in that time frame. 
The brunch board was missing at least three items and when we asked for them they were cold and we had to repeatedly ask for them. I'm still not entirely sure we had every item based on photos I've seen of the board since. The burger was written down as cooked medium and when I sent it back to be cooked medium rare they were out of tots as a side. Which was 50% of the reason I ordered the burger over other items. I wasn't told they were out of tots or offered an alternative until my meal was presented. I ordered my burger without tomato and the second one came out with tomato. The salad that replaced the tots had zero flavor and was literally just lettuce. The cheese wasn't melted on the second burger but looked very good on the first. Service was slow. No espresso, which I totally understand but was bummed about. Hostess was curt, at best. I did appreciate a manager of some kind coming to the table and apologizing for all of the issues. And they were accommodating when my friend made some interesting drink requests like chocolate oat milk or something. 
The outdoor space was nice and I will happily go back in several months, maybe the fall when the weather is good for outdoor dining. I would be willing to get the brunch board again if/when it makes sense. It's definitely a fun concept. Add some toast, maybe? What does the triple creme go one? Or all of the jam?The biscuits alone are enough to earn a five-star rating on their own! More on that later... I have to start with the name... this restaurant would have potentially been hard to find, was it not for the "Behind the Bower!" I saw the Bower and knew where to go! What's in a name? The cure to frustration, apparently!
I ordered Fried Chicken Biscuit. You **might** be able to enjoy this thing as a sandwich, but I dug into it with a fork and knife. 
So, about this biscuit... full disclosure, I am from the Northeast, but this is, without exaggeration, the best biscuit I've had in 27 years of life. This thing was soft, had a stunning, delightfully thin crust, perfect density, and a fresh, toasty, buttery taste!
The chicken, meanwhile, was cooked and breaded perfectly! Especially the decision of using a chicken thigh made it extra tender! Maybe I would have used a literal pinch less salt in the breading, but this is counterbalanced by two things: First, the mild, savory, and not very salty gravy. Two: my salt sensitivity is heightened by that very pinch. 
The location itself is clean, polished, bright, and modern. The service is speedy and kind.My husband's favorite meal in New Orleans.  I got the French toast and he got the butchers bowl. 100% will go back and highly recommend.Shut up....
Be still my heart.
OMG.
Run here.  Order everything.
Now!
I don't even know what to say, like in the Willy Wonka movie, I need smellavision right now.Super cute little gem in the garden district. Food was tasty. Chicken sandwich is yummy, and the biscuit board is not to be missed. Oh, and bottomless mimosas!!
Grab a seat outside and enjoy!This was a cool spot with a nice vibe for sure. I went to make a reservation the night before but there weren't any available for a party of six so I figured it would be crowded for breakfast on a Saturday. Nevertheless, we gave it a shot. There was one family there besides us, but the host seemed super annoyed that we showed up without a reservation. Hardly anybody else showed up while we were eating even, so not really sure why was going on there. 
Otherwise, the service was pretty good. The menu had some really unique options, which is what brought us there in the first place. The banana bread french toast sounded like a super cool concept to me, but turned out to be just like French toast as I could barely even taste banana or feel the difference in texture. The sugar roots bowl again sounded good in theory, but fell sorta flat...plus considering roots is in the name it seemed to have minimal root presence in the actual dish. The cookie cereal also sounded really cool and has been a viral trend lately, but the cookies got pretty soggy fast if you put milk on them. The redeeming factor was definitely the meringue marshmallows. 
Overall, not a bad experience. I just don't think it lived up to my expectations and everything was just fine.I am a huge brunch lover and wanted to try a spot while I had a free day in NOLA.  I was very pleased. They had breakfast options on a weekday including a very reasonably priced bottomless mimosa. The mimosa was prepared in a carafe so you didn't need to worry about waiting for refills.  I had the traditional breakfast platter and a biscuit. The food was delicious but man that biscuit was superb. It was the perfect combination of crunch on the outside and moist buttery heaven on the inside. Definitely a place I would frequent again when in town.This place crushed it! They ran out of a lot of stuff By the time we rolled around but it's understandable. They just recently opened and they're just killing it. A lot of table covers when we went around 2:30pm the time they're about to close. 
The menu offerings reminds me of my native Los Angelo's. Avocado toast, often the butt of jokes on millennials is honestly one of those things that are so homey it's often lost in the confusion in mainstream media's mockery of New-American food. 
New-American cuisine is often overlooked in this city that prides itself in southern cooking, but we've found a couple gems that have really embraced change and tradition and combined it into places such as these. 
The salmon toast was by far our favorite. A great offering of crispy toast with mouth watering capers which provided the much needed acidity to accompany our protein heavy "the butcher's dish" and the "huevos rancheros."
The butchers dish was a really great dish that consisted mainly of pastrami stir fried with a sweet Demi glace sauce and bell served with your choice of egg-style. We opted for eggs over easy for that silky rich goodness that oozes into the dish.
The huevos rancheros was our #3 dish but it was not bad! I simply didn't think it would be shredded chicken, which I didn't care for. The flavors were good but shredded chicken breast just happens to not be my jam; however, the flavors of the fish itself was great. The shredded chicken was on the more saltier side, but eaten with the less seasoned black beans and the acidity of the tomatoes really paired well.
Overall we were impressed and will definitely be back. What a great addition to this city! We also met the manager who is a sweet person and told us that they were out of a lot of things as they're still figuring out what to stock and how much. We wish you the best luck!It was four of us and we all loved it! From the service, to the aesthetics, to the mimosa, to the food. All great! The bacon is great quality, if you're obsess with thick cut like I am!great dining. outside seating was way too hot though. also the menu options were very limited.Cute little brunch spot on Magazine St. Has indoor and outdoor seating.  Quick service. Refreshing food.This was probably my favorite meal in New Orleans.  Primarily because they serve the best biscuit I have ever eaten in my life.  I also ordered a fresh Bird House Salad that was sooo refreshing after an abundance of fried food from just about every other restaurant in the French Quarter.  (Don't get me wrong, New Orleans has the best food, but really not good for you)
The service was fun & friendly (thanks Cecilie), & perfect outdoor seating.  Definitely worth the effort to get to this establishment!We tried this spot while visiting NOLA and loved it! $16 bottomless mimosas ans the atmosphere is so cute. Plus we loved the cannoli French toast and chicken biscuit.I really wanted to love this place. The aesthetic of the interior and exterior is so lovely, and just so pleasant. However the food really could use some improvement.
We tried the pork belly biscuit, the mini pancakes, and the huevos rancheros. 
When I hear pork belly, I think of meat that melts in your mouth and LOTS of fat. This pork belly biscuit should've been called shredded pork biscuit, as the meat was mostly lean shredded pork meat. The biscuit was pretty dry, and the distribution of salt uneven. Overall, I was pretty disappointed by this biscuit. The greens on the side were also unappetizing and overcooked, and I think the meal would have been more enjoyable without them.
The huevos rancheros was good but didn't stand out either. 
The best part of our meal was the mini pancakes. They had a nice fluffy texture and after pouring the syrup on them so yummy. But $5 for three tiny pancakes? Leaves me slightly disenchanted. 
Overall, I think this is a really cute instagrammable place, but the food leaves you wanting more. I don't plan on coming back anytime soon, but would recommend trying it out at least once.Delicious and fresh! Food came out quick! Perfect brunch spot! We both got the huevos rancheros and it was fresh and well portioned! Also their biscuits are the reason I'm needing to come back this trip! Exactly what this northerner would dream a southern biscuit would be. As a baker, I'm a harsh critic and I consider it perfection! Will be visiting again!Such a cute place with indoor and outdoor seating. Has great healthy options for breakfast or lunch. The desserts are also delicious! The chocolate chip cookie and zucchini brownie were my favorites!New Breakfast Spot Alert!! Birdy's Behind the Bower is literally behind the Bower with a cute aesthetic interior as well as a great outdoor seating area. They have many different drink options, from coffee to frozen drinks. Here's a photo of their Huevos Rancheros & Classic Breakfast!! They have gluten free options!
@phidingthefamFirst of, they killed it on aesthetics.. I mean that alone is enough to keep you coming back. But, the food is pretty subpar. I will say we went at 8am right when they opened, but that shouldn't be an excuse for the food quality to not be top notch across the board. My pancakes were probably the best thing and the thing that would get me to come here again. The side of pancakes for $5 was almost insulting and they weren't that good. Plus I know they say mini, but come on. The bacon was bacon. I wanted to order a latte but the machine wasn't working. The waiter was pretty slow. But, the I believe manager or owner was so sweet. We also had pastries, a cookie and cinnamon roll.. wouldn't recommend. The reason for my 4 stars is because I think they have a lot of potential and I want to try them one more time before I completely write them off as a no. And I encourage other people to try them at least once.Birdy's is the quintessential fun brunch spot in the Garden District. Whimsical and inventive, Birdy's features some fascinating takes on breakfast sweets that justify a visit. We stopped in early for Sunday brunch and sat on their covered patio, which featured a modern and minimalist aesthetic but with touches of fun, like their astroturf floor. It definitely had an LA vibe in good weather. We started with some really good mimosas and coffee, and then focused on food. The avocado toast was quite good, with a generous smear of avocado, but the brunch board was the real showstopper here. A huge wood slab loaded with waffles, pancakes, granola, miniature cookies and homemade meringues, it was like a charcuterie board dragged through Candy Land. Usually, with something so visual and instagram-able, I worry about sacrificing flavor and quality for aesthetic, but the treats did not disappoint, and everything tasted as good as it looked. All in all, Birdy's is an impossibly fun option for a hip and one-of-a-kind brunch in the Garden District, and I would recommend to anyone looking for something a little different in New Orleans.(4.5/5 Star Experience!)
I've been to Birdy's now for a few different reasons and the one thing I appreciate most is consistency. The team is always very friendly and whether I've gone in for lunch, breakfast, or to work at their "bar", it has always been a pleasant experience.
Any time I've had a minor snafu it gets resolved super quick and right now I commend their team for handling everything like pros especially because it's so hard for the hospitality x food & beverage industries to be full staffed.
A few of my fave things are their salads, cold brew (they feature Hey! Coffee), and their freshly made biscuits. I totally recommend asking them to heat up your biscuit ahead of time.
They close early so keep that in mind as they normally close around 2pm.
I've yet to check out their brunch but it's on my list of things to experience! The decor is super fun here and I really love the swing photo-op by the bathroom. Birdy's also features a full cocktail menu and has covered outdoor seating.
* They also have gender neutral bathroomsI walked in and felt like I was in a garden themed party. I love love loved the atmosphere! 
We made reservations and was able to update our arrival time that same morning. The staff were friendly and helpful.
The food was pretty tasty the bottomless mimosas are a must have when going. I absolutely loved the breakfast board. Something for everyone waffle, boiled eggs, granola, fresh fruit, bacon, prosciutto and arugula. I ordered the chicken biscuit sandwich which was pretty average. The biscuit stood out more than the chicken and sauce. 
Check out the swing while waiting for the restroom !Most amazing breakfast in town! The mushroom toast is absolutely out of this world! Pork belly biscuit is another must!Whaaaaattttt!!! I've passed this place SEVERAL times but never knew it existed. You wanna talk about "ducked off". But now that I'm in the know... I'll be back, in my Arnold Schwarzenegger voice (I think I'm dating myself... oh well)
Out for a pre-bday lunch, during COVID & the newly instituted vaccine mandate, we chose to dine outside in the beautiful garden like area. 
Prompt service, great tasting food, adult beverages on fleek, great pricing; what more can a girl ask for?
I had the salmon toast + an old fashioned & my dining companion had a tasty huevos rancheros + bowl + a passion tea. The salmon was tasty, perfectly prepared & hit the spot. I did find the toast to be a bit harder than anticipated, but I made up for that by cutting smaller pieces... when there's a will, there's a way!!!! 
Love the scenery. I could've stayed there all day; ordering drinks & lite-bites. 
Street parking is the order for the day.
#diningduringapandemic 
#outdooreateries
#greatstaff
#maskmandate
#vaccinemandateReally liked that they take reservations! A beautiful space that can be upscale or casual! Get your boozy brunch on or just run in casual salad with a gal pal.
For salads, it was a little pricey.
We waited an hour for food after ordering but they just opened And for opening weekend they did remarkable. 
Definitely an interesting menu with wide array of items. I'd love to come back and get breakfast boardSo we paid 75 for a egg and cheese biscuit hueveros rancheros and a classic breakfast.  The server was great but the pretentious of the atmosphere and the fact we didn't have a reservation seemed to annoy the hostess. Way overpriced food.They have a house cat that is so adorable and that alone deserves five stars they do have bottomless mimosas which are tasty and the menu has a few odd ingredients on it but The food we had was still delicious I love the atmosphere of this placeI was very impressed with the quality of food! The outdoor seating was nice and the indoor space was super cute. Definitely a cute brunch spot!10 out of 10. 
We stopped here spontaneously for breakfast. Everything was fantastic. From the n/a cocktail, the meals, to the to go latte. 
I can't wait to go back.This was my first time visiting Birdy's and I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. The ambience inside and outside the restaurant is stunning and filled with greenery. The food was great, I ordered the Salmon toast with the spicy mustard on the side, with the recommendation of my waitress, and I also ordered the Bacon and Egg Biscuit. The salmon toast was definitely a 10/10! The fresh dill was so flavorful and paired excellently with the whipped cream cheese. It also appeared that the toast was pan fried in butter which enhanced the flavor of the dish as well, and The mustard remained untouched. The biscuit sandwich, on the other hand, was mediocre, nothing too special about the dish except for the the tomato aioli. We also tried a side of mini pancakes that I could've gone without, but overall I will definitely be revisiting!This place is such a hidden Gem, this is a must eat place. I was staying in the area for  week and came here three times. love the menue and atmosphereI cannot tell you how good this place is!!  They have a fantastic outdoor space and the inside is very open and bright. The food was phenomenal....we loved it all:  I devoured the banana bread french toast with cannoli cream topping, and my party loved the classic eggs platter. Best Iced Coffee in the area! Our waitress was great as well. She knew we were in a bit of a rush to get to a tour in the French Quarter so once our food was out, she checked to see if I wanted my ticket ahead of time. She got us taken care of quick and we never had to search for her to get refills or what we needed.Butcher's Bowl (pulled pork subbed for pastrami), smoked salmon toast. Enjoyed with Bloody Mary and boozy brew. The tangy pop from the blue cheese in the bowl was dynamite. Great atmosphere. Sat outside on a nice day. Will be back for sure. Yum!Just walked 2.5 miles to try this place. As a party of 1 I asked to be seated... they said I'd have to wait 1hr and 15 minutes. Do you see all these empty seats rash? Trash.....complete trash.Birdy's is a super cute, trendy brunch restaurant on Magazine Street. You definitely need to make reservations to go there on a weekend, but when we went on a Friday morning it was much easier to get a reservation. We got the pork belly biscuit, mushroom toast, and the bacon, egg, and cheese biscuit. They were all very large portions and very filling. The mushroom toast was definitely my favorite. It was very savory and had some spice to it. It is a very unique dish that you can't get anywhere else. The pork belly biscuit was very good too with tender pork and spicy jelly. I prefer savory breakfast food, but they have plenty of sweet options too. We sat indoors, but they also have a large, covered outdoor patio to dine at. I definitely recommend going to Birdy's for a fun brunch with very unique food options.Loved it so much last weekend that we had to come back this weekend with the kids! Everything was fantastic! Started with the biscuit platter, which I highly recommend, then we shared a grilled cheese, chicken biscuit, salmon toast and bubble waffle. All were delicious! And the kids menu is awesome too! The classic kids can with scrambled eggs, 2 pieces of bacon and 3 mini waffles!I looooved it here! This place was just so aesthetically pleasing and delicious. We came for brunch on a Friday and it was definitely poppin' so you'll need a reservation. I ordered the Smoked Salmon toast and it was perfect! Salmon was super tasty and not like, weird and kinda brown like you see some places. That throw me off man. We got a cinnamon roll for the table which was delicious! It's made with banana custard so if you aren't into bananas, don't get it. Super rich! I had a bite of my friend's Pulled Pork Benedict and it was so good. I'd get that if I went back. Great service, atmosphere, drinks and food! Love this place.Rain rain go away.
4th of July weekend
We did it. Drove 18 hours to get to New Orleans to discover how sweet things got. And going back to memory lane. 
Thanks to a group of girl I was able to find this spotHad a great brunch here today after my spin class. Such a cute, quaint place with a laid back vibe. I had arrived 20 minutes earlier than my reservation time and was greeted warmly and seated immediately. Soft pastels, light wood and florals decorate the space. Lots of homage to plant life around on the walls and the table top decor that hosts small potted plants. My spot had a view of the outside that houses additional tables under canopy tents they have lantern and twinkling fairy lights. I enjoyed my brunch cocktail of a cold brew old fashioned and my entree was the pulled pork Benedict which was well portioned and executed wonderfully with greens on the side. My server Riley was so sweet and welcoming. Very friendly and had a lovely spirit! Will definitely be back with friends to enjoy other items especially the brunch board!On my first visit, everything was amazing.  11:30 am Sunday reservations.  Great service (even when very busy), excellent food, all around great vibes.  We had the bubble waffle and the chicken biscuit.  Both star dishes.  Second visit, two weeks later, at 1:00 on a Sunday, (when the place was empty), food was ok and service was acceptable.  Flies were everywhere indoors, which was terribly annoying.  This time we had the bubble waffle and the pork belly, which is more like a pork loin and not the belly.  It tasted good, but the name and description do not match.  We definitely wouldn't order that dish again.  Would we return, yes.Adorable atmosphere. Great menu. Everything I've had so far for food and drink has been delicious. I love the whole mood of the place too. I've even gone there just to buy cookies.Birdy's is a flower in the bower...nourished by that soulful Mississippi mud! The place and staff are Beautiful light and airy. The root salad, awesome. The hibiscus tea, better than many wines I have tried. Miso salmon salad delicious. I dolce buonissima! Both the chocolate chip cookies and deep dish pecan pie to go kept us wanting more and more and more. Birdy you will be my Nola crush  evermore....I guess I am in the minority here compared to these other reviews - yes, the aesthetics are aweosme but it feels like you're in a hipster restaurant in Austin, not in the heart of New Orleans. The brunch menu has quite a few selections for savory and sweet eaters, but seemed a bit overpriced in my opinion. 
The BEC biscuit was $12 and didn't include any sides. Everyone did enjoy their food, but not sure I would return here. They also sat us outside with 1 fan and it was HOT (I mean it's summer in NOLA for crying out loud!). The service was phenomenal though!!Amazing new brunch spot! Loved the ambience. This new spot replaced satsuma which I also loved for lunch but Birdy's brings contemporary themes with their salmon toast and neon sign. They have a nice patio for extra outdoor seating which is great during rush hour but be wary on rainy days. Their salmon toast was great but the bread was just a bit too thick for my liking; the caper and dill oil was a nice touch. My friend got a huevos rancheros and liked it but couldn't come close to finishing all the beans, so if beans are your thing go off. The fried chicken biscuit was good but the gravy just a tad sweeter than I prefer. The service was great and I ould love to revisit this place for their weekend brunch with bottomless mimosas!Nice, open and welcoming looking place. Went there two mornings in a row for the salmon toast. Don't sleep on it, I almost didn't get it because I thought from pictures it wouldnt be enough food. It's huge and is a great example of letting good ingredients speak for themselves. We actually went back to get it a second time before leaving town. Grab another for me.
We didn't try any of the baked goods but they also have a pretty nice looking display of them.Great food & good customer service, however I don't appreciate having stray cats around while dining. Some employees were understanding of my discomfort and made an effort to make up for it, but definitely felt more could have been done by the manager to ensure the same comfortable dining experience for all customers. It's a reasonable expectation not to have to interact with an aggressive cat while having brunch.I cannot say enough fantastic things about my first time experience at Birdy's Behind the Bower. I've always been big on brunch, so in order for me to have an amazing experience, everything has to flow: from atmosphere/aesthetic, food/drinks and service! 
I guess I can start with the overall atmosphere. Birdy's got it right when it came down to being aesthetically pleasing indoor and outdoors (extra points for the dog friendly patio). It is easily in the top 10 places of beat Instagrammable spots in my beloved city. It's not over the top, but just enough to make you stop, take it in and snap a pic! 
The food: I cannot say enough about the food! It was simply amazing. Flavorful, beautiful presentation and most importantly AFFORDABLE! The phots truly don't it justice. 
The service was great. Overall, I would not only come back time and time again, but I absolutely, without a doubt recommend Birdy's to locals and tourists who are looking for a great time! Great for weekend outings or a first date lunch spotLoved, loved, LOVED this spot!! The food was amazing, the staff fun & attentive and the place itself is really refreshing and decorated so cute! 5+ stars!This place is super cute, and it is a hidden gem. I could imagine coming alone to do work or study as I enjoy the delicious food and coffee. I ordered the burger, which was SO good! Everything tasted so fresh and was very flavorful. The tater tots were okay, I chose the tots instead of a salad that the burger comes with. I also ordered an iced vanilla latte which was good too. The service was excellent!! I would definitely come again!!Loved this!!! Coffee house meets brunch bistro. They have a pretty versatile menu that can satisfy any taste. But the vibes and energy this place gives is what's priceless. Riley was phenomenal and my chicken biscuit with jalapeño gravy was superb! It light and energetic. Everyone is hospitable. Will definitely recommend. Forgot to capture our good but it was good.Went to Birdy's for brunch recently over the weekend. Our family had a salad, pulled pork benedict, and tiramisu French toast. All of these dishes tasted great. We also loved the alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks we had. However, we ordered some pastries (chocolate chip cookies, lemon pound cake, and a muffin) to go to enjoy later. This is where things went wrong. The one chocolate chip cookie was delicious but 3 dollars for a cookie that is regular size you can make at home is steep. But the lemon cake and muffin were horribly dry. And at 4 dollars a piece, that was too steep for dry pastries. Therefore, not sure when we will go back, but when we do we will not be ordering pastries.Okay, so I know it's a new business so there is room for improvement. But I will be back so I can review again. 
First things first, we were seated wayyyyyyyy down the patio by Claret. I had asked if we could sit inside or near the restaurant because it was only two of us and the hostess said no because they had every table reserved. Well, the whole time we were there, A LOT of the tables were not filled so I'm not exactly sure why we were seated where we were especially when I made my reservations way far in address to make sure I had a decent table. 
Second, their espresso machine was down so no lattes, no espresso based drinks. It's your first weekend in business, coffee would be the first thing I made sure I had in a breakfast, brunch lunch place. 
I ordered the fried chicken biscuit. It was drenched in chili oil and the biscuit was cold. The chicken was great but the chili oil was overpowering and made it hard to eat. Biscuit was cold and hard. So I just didn't even finish that. 
Classic breakfast was amazing. Eggs, bacon, toast, tots. You can't mess it up. The tots are like mashed potatoes rolled in a ball and fried. It was amazing. Got a cinnamon roll too. A little cold but really good. Highly recommend. 
Again, I will be back because I saw other things I should've gotten instead of my chicken biscuit. And I want to try their coffee obvi! And a chocolate chip cookieSuper cute spot for brunch! Also a great place for any social media guru! Amazing menu and love the mimosas!Really great new brunch spot! It is almost impossible to get a reservation so definitely plan ahead. This brunch spot has great food, a great outdoor area, and super instagrammable food. I went when they had only been open for a few weeks so the service was a little bit slow and the wait staff seemed like they were still adjusting to the new space which is expected. We ordered the brunch board and it was amazing! My boyfriend and I shared it and it was a perfect amount of food. I think it is such a cool concept and very unique! I think there's a lot they could do with it in the future like making different sizes of brunch boards and letting guests customize it by adding more of something etc. 
Overall, great experience and you should definitely stop by for brunch!Nice brunch spot in a cool area of NOLA; We stopped by on a Monday for breakfast on our way back from the Alabama beach. It wasn't very busy, as probably expected; we sat on the patio even though they have indoor seating as well. 
The coffee was probably the best part of the meal. The food itself was much heavier than expected; I got the butcher's bowl and it was mostly meat, fried items, blue cheese, and egg; not much to balance it out with some citrus or anything acidic, which would have been good. Service was decent but we asked for some condiments that it took so long we just took them from another table.This experience was by far one of the best that I've had. I shared this experience with our brunch crew. There was no wait due to the fact that we reserved our reservation 2 weeks prior. The only problem I had was they did not ask if we preferred inside or outside seating. They did seat us outside which is fine due to the fact that we were a party of 8 people. Due to the COVID guidelines it wasn't too bad being that it did rain which made the 98 degrees New Orleans weather feel a little bit more enjoyable. We did start off with the bottomless mimosas which I had a hair in my drink. It took the waiter about 20 minutes to come back to the table to return my new mimosa. My husband had the Classic Breakfast which didn't seem too appealing to my eye. Where as I enjoyed my Smoked Salmon Toast. The waiter did keep the Mimosas coming.Rude staff, turned away from the restaurant while they said "we are not seating guests" on a Saturday morning with plenty of seats available after standing in line. To bad for ownership team but they hired the staff.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Just an awesome bday celebration. forTionna. we originally booked table for 12 then another friend booked for 8. our reservations were 30 minutes apart. we arrived around the same time and the staff graciously accommodated us
we sat close enough to each other to toast the bday girl with great mimosa. the food was delicious. i ordered the steak with poached eggs and the fixing. their salmon appetizer was de lic ious.  
the place itself had a lot of outdoor seating under a canvas. the day was beautiful    
will definitely return again. great timeMy weekend was one for the books. I had too much fun seeing all my peeps & indulging in some pretty tasty food!! As y'all know, whenever I go back to the city I have to do a #nolatakeover So here's the first stop on our fantastic voyage ... Birdy's Behind the Bower
First thoughts: walking up to this beautiful courtyard took my breath away. It was definitely my type of vibe and I loved every second of it. Birdy's also sits right across from Claret, a cute cocktail bar that I will be visiting next time I'm home. 
We sat outside in their cute tent area. The fans were trying to come through with the breeze, but that heat was unmatched lol. It was a nice concept, but I needed some AC. 
Food: all the fresh flavors and ingredients blended nicely with my Griddled Chicken Sandwich, I was a fan of that (my side salad was okay but I would have enjoyed some fries or chips tbh) Bayley had this amazing steak salad. Y'all plate envy was definitely a thing, cus I wanted what she was having. And finally, we ordered the avocado toast  I'm usually a huge fan, but not this time. I guess I'm more basic when it comes to this dish, but Birdy's was not lol. They had so much going on on that piece of toast. I wasn't there for it
As seen on menu:
GRIDDLED CHICKEN
burrata, tomato, arugula, red onion, balsamic aioli, brioche bun
STEAK SALAD
8 oz New York strip, romaine wedge, bacon, tomatoes, blue cheesedressing, chives
AVOCADO (would not recommend)
farm radish, sunflower seeds, orange, chili flakesThis was my second attempt to enjoy this spot. Their hours claim they are open till 2 but they won't seat you after 1pm. Just skip this headache and continue down the street to get better service.Ever since Birdy's has opened, I have waited to join and see how great of a restaurant it would be. It's safe to say this cute place did not disappoint. My mom and I drove down to NOLA for a day-trip and the first spot on my list of places was Birdy's. After easily placing a reservation on OpenTable, we arrived and were greeted by a nice hostess. She allowed us to move our reservations outside because it was so pretty. The decor and overall atmosphere of Birdy's is super cute and welcoming, and the food adds even more stars to my review. I ordered the Birdy's Burger with tots (pictured) and an iced chai tea latte. My mom got the grilled chicken sandwhich also with tots and an original iced tea which she loved! We will definitely be returning to Birdy's and hopefully get a fun picture in-front of the swing!Cute decor and friendly staff. They do have a gluten free bread option but we found it to be a little dry. I think the menu here is meant for a light brunch. Of the menu items, I recommend the huevos rancheros!This was my first time going to Birdy's and I'm sure like everyone the first thing that caught my eye was the atmosphere, Birdy's exudes everything that is cool (IMO). Being a plantsman the indoor/outdoor plant vibes made me feel right at home. I was lucky enough to get the coolest seat in the house which was the booth under the neon Birdy's sign. 
I decided to get the Paloma for a cocktail since I was celebrating my birthday. The drink was a nice balance of alcohol and juice/mixer it was a little bitter, I've had other Paloma's that were a tad bit sweeter, but the drink was still delicious. 
Butcher's bowl was my entree of choice off the breakfast menu which was a bit surprising for me because I don't like pastrami. I think the thing that set it off was their homemade steak sauce it had just the right amount of tang.  The pastrami itself was delectable and tender; the hash browns were my favorite on the plate with a good balance of crunch and saltiness. 
Would recommend. 10/10First time eating here and it didn't disappoint.  It was very busy for Sunday brunch.  All the tables were reserved already except for outside dining, which we were fine.   The weather was beautiful and it was covered.  We enjoy being outdoor when weather is nice.  
Service was great.  Waitress was very informative and honest.  I was between two entrees and she helped me to make the right decision lol.  
Food came out very timely, especially for being busy for brunch.  Food was delicious.  French toast was great.  Basic breakfast with pancakes bacon and eggs are delicious.   Love their fried chicken on biscuit with country gravy.   Their mushroom Benedict was amazing. Yum.    Everything we got was delicious and very pretty.   The smoothies were refreshing 
I highly recommend this place.For their first week open, not too shabby (I'd say 4.5 stars but I won't knock em down one)! I was super excited about this place when I saw a local influencer post about it!  I love breakfast and cute aesthetics. 
We made a reservation for 8:15 am (only time slot left) for indoors but got placed outside, which was fine but I didn't bring a sweater cause we made it for inside. Anyways our waitress was a sweetheart and was attentive (I think her name was maya or mona). The latte machine was down which was a HUGE bummer because I was so excited to try a latte but my cold brew sufficed. They were also not ready to serve any juices on the menu due to "still perfecting them" which is better than serving crappy juices I suppose. 
We ordered a cinnamon roll to split which was to diiieeee for but I'd definitely get it heated up next time instead of room temp. My bacon egg and cheese biscuit was delicious but I really wish it came with a side of fruit or something *nudge management*. It's kind of small for a "meal" and had I not had the cinnamon roll I probably still would've been hungry. My boyfriend ordered the fried chicken sandwich which was very oily but delicious and HOT. Bottomless mimosas are also only $16 for large wine glasses so please don't change that @ management. 
Overall there is definitely room for improvement but I will without a doubt be back and can't wait to try this spot in the future.