I really enjoyed my time here. I had just come out of hermit mode and was to catch up with two of my favorite people. I chose Bistro Daisy on a Friday night. It was a bit last minute, but I managed to get reservations near their opening time. Everything was great; the drinks (mixed and wine), the food, the ambiance, the noise level (which I'm usually complaining about), and the service. We stayed nearly from opening to close, and they never made subtle suggestions that we should leave (e.g. ceasing to fill our waters) and allowed us to keep drinking at the table, even though it was a busy Friday.The best place to eat Uptown, bar none. The food is to die for. Don't agonize over what to choose. Just blindly lay a finger on the menu then look: it's gonna be awesome. Friendliest hostess and staff in town. I'd eat here every evening if I could.This place is great!  Went with several friends and everyone loved it - even my spouse who is suspicious of anything other than plain food.
Every appetizer and entree was better than the next.  They are proud of their food and the price shows it but we will go back. Great atmosphere too although noisy, or maybe that was just our group!Bistro Daisy is top notch from start to finish.
My husband and I celebrated our 1st wedding anniversary this past weekend in New Orleans, and chose Bistro Daisy as one of the restaurants to celebrate our special occasion.  We knew we were in for a treat, as we had dined there two years prior, after getting engaged.
The quaint yellow "house" that Bistro Daisy operates out of is absolutely charming, and truly adds to the warmth and uniqueness of the entire experience.
This recent trip, we started with a wonderful glass of Champagne, and my husband began with the Daisy Salad (fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, arugula, and pumpkin seeds with white balsamic vinaigrette) while I had the soup on special (I believe it was leek soup with parmigiana and truffle oil)--it was Heaven!  I absolutely loved this soup...it made me want to lick the bowl, which few dishes ever do!  (I'm a tad of a food snob).
We then moved onto wine, ordering a great red (Turley Zinfandel 2010).  It was smooth and delicious.
For my entree, I chose the Filet (grilled filet of beef over Lyonnaise potatoes, spinach  with Amish blue and red wine demi-glace and truffle oil) and my husband chose the Duck (crispy seared leg of duck confit topped with breast slices over spinach, almond and toasted garlic couscous with apricot and brandy reduction).  Both entrees were scrumptious, with each bite better than the last.
For dessert, I had called ahead and asked them to create something special for us for our anniversary.  Our wedding cake was vanilla with lemon and raspberry layers, and I requested they make a play off those ingredients.  While it was simple, they did not disappoint!  We were served a wonderful lemon tarte with fresh raspberries and a sprig of mint.  It's true that sometimes the best things in life are simple and straight-forward, and this was a perfect example of that--absolutely divine.
I am thrilled to say Bistro Daisy is the first 5-star rating I've given on Yelp.  We can't wait to dine there again, celebrating another wonderful year of marriage!We started out a little nervous, there were 2 parties of 10 waiting for their table at the same time we were (jazz fest people). It took about 15 minutes to get our table with a reservation, which I wasn't crazy about, but once we sat down, the service was incredible. The food was even better. 
I usually only get a filet when I am not crazy about the menu, and in this case I wasn't, so I got the filet, and it was honestly one of the best steaks I've had in my life. Perfect in every way. 
Very happy with our visit.Bistro Daisy is a wonderful restaurant in what appears to be a tiny house on Magazine Street. I have to admit, part of what took me a while to make a reservation was not wanting to be in a cramped restaurant, but upon entering, it is surprisingly spacious and very warm and inviting.  I came here for my birthday dinner and couldn't have asked for a better meal.  The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The food was amazing and fresh, and the portions were good.  I found the price to be appropriate for the quality of the meal and the time that we had.  You can tell Bistro Daisy goes the extra mile in making sure its customers enjoy themselves and walk away with a memorable dining experience. I can't wait to go again!I really wanted to love this place.  It is charming and the staff is so lovely.  I had great service.  My boyfriend and I went here on Valentines.  Both of our meals were unfortunately very salty.  I ordered the lamb shank and he ordered the filet.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  Great texture and presentation.  The food was just too salty.  Not just the sauce on the shank, but also the greens and gnocci bed which it sat in were all individually salty.  I realized this as I was mixing up flavor combinations in order to find things which were less salty.
I am not a picky eater, and salt usually does not bother me.  This salt taste was the dominant taste however and was pervasive throughout both dishes.
Bonus!  We did receive a complimentary baked Alaska due to the Valentines holiday.  I'm not a baked Alaska expert, but I did not particularly enjoy it.  The gesture was amazing, though.  The topping was nice and creamy.  I'm just not a fan of the desert!
May try it again.  Perhaps we went on a bad night?Friendly. Some of the best food if not the best uptown.  Great owners and staff. Fish special of the day is can't miss. Soups are always interesting. Well made cocktails. A regular stop for us. Prices are very good when you consider the quality of the food.Hands down one of the best meals I've had in a long time. I've lived here my whole life and I somehow managed to not eat at this amazing little restaurant in the last 11 years it has been open. I will definitely be back. We went for my birthday dinner and were treated wonderfully by the staff and the food was sooooooo good. We had the oyster appetizer, a special crawfish app, and ravioli to start. Then we had bouillabaisse, a trout special, and the lamb. The ravioli was so good I would have eaten it for dessert! This is one of those restaurants where every item on the menu is something you want to eat. Presentation was perfect and the flavors amazing. We'll be back soon!Really good food.  This restaurant has excellent hard working owners, one in the kitchen and one working the front of the house as maitre d / bartender.  
The menu is short but imaginative.  Each of the dishes we tried was really good.   Tuna, chicken breast, duck, and filet were all really good.I think I got exactly what I expected out of Bistro Daisy. I had been waiting for a good occasion to go to this house on Magazine St. for about a year. After scoring a gift certificate at an auction and my sister coming in town for a visit, I made reservations for a Saturday night. I had no trouble calling on a Tuesday and getting a prime time for Saturday night.
The interior is a bit visiting-your-grandparent's house decor, but the patrons all look sharp and the noise level is good. I've read other reviews about this being only a date place/romantic vibe, but my sister and I were sat right in front of the fireplace when you walk in, front-and-center and there were two tables of 5-6 nearby with friends/families. 
The service was great. No rushing, but attentive.
For the food...delicious. We both liked our appetizers more than our entrees, however. So, make sure to order an appetizer. I got the local tomato salad with goat cheese and pesto and my sister had a creamy mushroom soup with garlic croutons. Wow, both were excellent. For our entrees, we chose the gulf shrimp that came with grits and mini-eggplant pieces rolled around goat cheese AND the not-so-memorable scallop dish. I had the scallops, which were good, but sitting in a soup of butter. 
The wine list has very reasonably priced selections and we were pleased with one of the lower end bottles of sauvignon blanc. The dessert menu left something to be desired for me . . . chocolate. So, we passed on dessert only to have our waiter bring out a complimentary baked alaska! Thanks, but no thanks. I think this was a kitchen failure that they were bringing to every table. Why leave your guests with a bad taste in their mouths at the end of an otherwise scrumptious meal?On many an occasion I've passed this little restaurant up--either going to Whole Foods or driving home to the LGD. And always, I've wondered what it was like inside. On Saturday, I ventured in here to finally break the mystery. (I've been on a mission to check out new places, or places that are new to me--I make a list of all NOLA has to offer and when it comes time for dinner, I always blank on where to go. Hopefully, that is changing.)
So, we make a reso on a whim on Saturday, and bring a couple with us from out of town. Cute and cozy interior with a small bar.
After being seated and getting some drinks started, we order some oysters for the table and I get the garlic soup with shrimp and bacon. Fabulously creamy and great to prime the pump as an appetizer. The guys cornered the oysters and made them disappear within minutes. (I managed to get a scrap of them before the vultures descended, and they were quite nice. For some reason we were all expecting oysters on the half shell and were pleased and surprised when they came out in a fragrant broth instead--super tasty.)
And then, they dropped the entrees, and I kind of forgot about most of the (honestly, forgettable) meals I had had recently. My meal was the filet with a generous pat of truffle butter melting on top, swimming in a delicious sauce accented with mushrooms and diced potatoes. When I say this was the best steak I have had in the past year--I mean it. Cooked perfectly, the meat pretty much begged me to eat it, and so I did (and didn't share, much to my boyfriend's sadness.) Seriously, everyone--absolutely delicious from beginning to end. My dining companions were raving that this was the best meal they had experienced in New Orleans, and they've been all over the city.
Service was prompt and cheerful, delivered by a wonderful server with vibrant purple hair.
All in all, I'm putting this one in my back pocket as my new favorite for birthdays, anniversaries, and Saturday nights when I need to stuff my face with something delicious. If only I had known!Gem. We brought our own merlot and we ordered:
-Soup special of the day. Some sort of eggplant parmesan concoction. It really made my companion's day. As soon as he tasted it his face lit up and between his happy slurps he informed me that, being a foodie, he doesn't just toss his compliments around, but that this soup was FANTASTIC.
-I got oysters for my appetizer. They were cooked with herbsaint and other delicious things and they were perfect.
-He ordered the special flounder of the day - they have a daily fish special - he cleaned his plate so I can only assume that it was great
-I got (borrowing from the website): saute of gulf shrimp in a pancetta and sun dried tomato beurre blanc on roasted garlic grits with mirliton, peppers and onion - you betta believe I cleaned my plate
-Dessert 1: Chocolate soup with strawberries and white chocolate floating things
-Dessert 2: Strawberry shortcake and cookie, I think. Something delicious.
I realize I am being very vague but I hope that I have succeeded in making your mouth(s) water... Our bill came to $76, but my friend was our waiter. The vibe is great, reminds me of Boucherie, but a little quieter.Bistro Daisy was recommended to me by a friend who lived in New Orleans for 10 years.  He said it's his favorite and I can see why.  My husband and I went for his early birthday dinner and were not disappointed - the food was delicious and a welcome change from all of the Creole and fried food we'd been eating on the trip.  The decor is wonderful - it's in an old shotgun house that is so cosy and lovely, with a terrific big wooden bar in the front room.  The staff were friendly and it was the perfect romantic dinner for our last night in town.  It's off the beaten path from where tourists usually go, which was also really nice.  I think everyone else there was local and a couple of generations older than we are, but that meant it wasn't the loud craziness of the Quarter.  I had some lobster ravioli to start, which was delicious, and a trout special with crab on top.  Both were great and fresh.  My husband had the Daisy salad and the lamb shank, which were both really tasty.  We shared the baked Alaska (complete with a birthday candle and confetti!) at the end.  It was wonderful and I would totally go back.We have dined at Bistro Daisy several times.  Last night was a disappointment.  The tuna starter was very appealing--the tuna was not of a good enough quality to be served raw.  No sear at all.  Duck entree did not wow either--a little dry and overdone.  The onion soup lacked flavor and depth.  We have loved this neighborhood gem--just a one block walk from our home.  Service was very slow.  We did not get our drinks until long after the starters had been served.  Couldn't get water glasses filled without asking twice.  Hoping next time is better.My fiance and I had dinner at Bistro Daisy on Valentine's Day. I was excited to try it. The restaurant is very charming, particularly the front bar area. We had a reservation and were seated immediately. Others have commented on how noisy the dining room is, but I did not notice that being a problem. There were some sound absorbing panels on the wall near our table, so maybe those have helped solve that issue.
We had great wine that was priced very reasonably, although it would have been great to have a few more choices by the glass. To start, we had the lump crab with beets and poached oysters. The oysters were great, but the lump crab was just ok. Not as much flavor as I would have hoped. My fiance ordered the lamb shank and I had the ravioli as our entrees.  I'd read rave reviews about the lamb shank, so we were expecting something amazing and it was cooked very well - very tender, but way oversalted. My ravioli was good, not amazing, but solidly good. 
For dessert , we had the baked Alaska since that's not something you often see on a dessert menu and we had read great reviews of it too. The outside layer was great - nicely toasted and crisp, but I didn't care for the berry inside. I would have liked something a bit more complex for a place like this. 
The service was sufficient. I know it was a busy night, but our server wasn't that friendly and she asked us for our drink order before we had even gotten settled into our table. I would expect a better level of service from a restaurant like this. 
I would go back to Bistro Daisy. There were enough good things there to give it another shot.Loved my meal at this small little bistro on magazine uptown.  The Duck is a fantastic dish, and the restaurant is converted home that has a very cozy feel.  I will be back for sure.From the outside it's hard to imagine this tiny old house would fit more than four people.  Inside confirms it doesn't fit many more, but it has a quaint and cozy feel for dinner.  The noise level with every table filled was pretty loud.   
The food on the other hand was outstanding.  With all of the classic staples that fill the city, it's nice to have a new, inventive menu to break up the monotony.Very romantic and personal. Definitely a hidden gem. We had a great time and the food was excellent. I had the filet and my wife had the fish special. Both were cooked perfect.i was completely content with my first visit to bistro daisy.  the only reason it only got four stars is because it ain't galatoire's and galatoire's level experiences only get five.  so nothing against daisy - that's just the way it is.
we ended up ordering two of the poached oyster appetizers b/c it was so good.  it was very much like your basic new orleans mussel dish, only with poached oysters in place of the mollusks.  i could have eaten both myself.  fantastic flavor and perfect bread dipability.
i had one of the finest pieces of duck leg confit i've ever had.  it came with four slim sidekick slices of duck breast that were just a good enough tease for you to want to order one of them up - whole.  my girlfriend got the crawfish ravioli and it was pretty phenomenal.  house made pasta that was perfectly thin.  my uncle was very pleased with the bouillabaisse and my aunt had the shrimp entree with goat cheese.
they have basil hayden's bourbon which was a plus.  i had a few of them as well.  the baked alaska was a very interesting dessert that i tried for one bite.  my dessert comes distilled and on ice.  
the dishes, especially the entrees, were very complimentary to a sharing and no-guilt-for-overordering experience.  i was very impressed.  it is a loud, intimate atmosphere (meaning they jam the tables in there and people are having a great time, so it gets loud).  but i like the fact that no one's table's conversation rose above another so it ended up being a great ambiance for your own table.  two thumbs up.  going back friday night for more.Nothing but great things to say about this place. If I could give it 6 out of 5 stars I would. I sat alone at the bar and was waited on by the owner Diane, and two servers Rebecca and Jacob. They were all so friendly to me then kind and willing to help each other, which was refreshing to see compared to how most restaurants are run. The food was superb and the prices were more than fair. I will absolutely be visiting again and would highly recommend you do the same.Bistro Daisy has been steadily raising its game iovernthe years to he a contender in the distinguished bistros in New Orleans.  Fresh and creative menu choices, artfully presented.  Serving staff have a rare combination of competence, conviviality and helpfulness.  In an old home along an emerging neighborhood of boutiques and fine restaurants.  Wll worth the taxi fare or bus trip from the Fench Wuarter tourist melee.Went there last night and the good and service was amazing. The duck was excellent while the chicken and lamb were good. The drinks were very well made while the crepe desert was out of this world. The setting is nice for friends to gather around or to bring a date. Definitely give this place a shot.Went here having heard good things and did not leave disappointed!  Service was good even though our waitress seemed pretty flustered.  We started out sharing an appetizer (the biggest hunk of fois gras I have ever been served cooked perfectly on a bed of risotto) and it came out warm and delicious.  Before I move on with the food I'd like to point out that this place has a great ambiance.  It is set up in a small cottage on Magazine and it was warm and cozy.  I would be wrong if I didn't mention that it was a bit of a tight fit, but it never felt uncomfortable.  So yeah, the atmosphere definitely contributed to the meal.  As to the service, aside frum the initial confusion of the waitress she was right on point with all of her wine suggestions and was friendly and on top of things without getting in the way.  The main dishes were also quite good, and while the GF got shrimp in grits that were solid but not mind-blowing, my dish (smoked duck with wilted baby spinach, butternut squash, and duck confit) was ridiculously good.  Each part worked well with the others and I would say that individual parts came together to make an exceptional winter dish.  Finally, we ordered the Baked Alaska and coffee/espresso.  I never say this because I am not huge into dessert but our Baked Alaska was possibly the highlight of the meal.  It was a miniature version of what most people think of when they think baked alaska and it was perfectly browned on the outside and wonderfully cold and tangy on the inside.  Definitely high on my list of recommendations now!
P.S. Did I mention they make a killer Sazerac!A step back when servers knew the art of service and chef made each dish perfectly. Clean, fresh dishes  made for the educated palate  and artfully presented.
 The flavors of the fish, lamb and both desserts were precise and balanced. We can hardly wait to return. Service was perfect. Wines offered by the class very tasty and well selectedThis place is very good.
The service was excellent.
The food was al very good.
It is in a very cute building/setting.
The only reason I docked it 1 star is that the menu is a bit thin, on entrees, apps, beer and wine. They need a few more choices for each, then I think its 5 star!I've had a week of great meals in New Orleans and tonight's at Bistro Daisy was the best. Every preparation was perfectly done. The wines were reasonably priced.  The service was attentive but now at all intrusive. New Orleans has such fabulous restaurants, but this is one that I'd, unfortunately, missed.Decent atmosphere in a nicely appointed shotgun.  Food is outstanding.  Wine list short but excellent.  Unpretentious, fun, knowledgeable wait staff.It's okay.  The service is average, the dining room is kept like an icebox and LOUD - bad acoustics.  And the food on par or even less so that what you will find in other local spots.This place is truly a local gem. It's small and intimate and consistently delicious. The menu is smaller but everything on the menu is perfection. The staff is lovely and they add a personal touch when you are celebrating  a special occasion which makes your dining experience that much more memorable.Bistro Daisy is a great place to simply enjoy a great meal! Cozy converted home, plenty of space between tables, attentive wait staff, and NO corkerage fee--not that you need to bring anything as the wine list is good and EXTREMELY reasonable. We happened to bring in a couple of special bottles and sent a taste to the chef. All I can say is from appetizers to salads to entrees, everyone was very happy with what they ordered and wouldn't have changed a thing. My lamb shank was unique in flavor and presentation and was definately full and happy. However, the chef would not let us leave without a dessert, since no one oredered for lack of room, and sent out his dessert special of the night--a pear dish which I did not try but was told it matched the excellence of the other dishes. GREAT PLACE!This is hands down my favorite place to go in New Orleans. After living in the city for 6 years I knew I had to eat here for my last night. The menu is amazing and every dish is perfect. The crab and beet appetizer is an amazing start and the traditional sazerac cocktail is very well done as well. My main regret about leaving New Orleans was leaving this gem of a restaurant behind!Went there for a friend's birthday, and a group of 5 of us all thought it was excellent.  I had the grilled pork loin medallions with Dijon, sage and
white wine demi over house made choucroute garni- incredible.  We'll definitely be going back.Well I just got back from vacation in New Orleans a few weeks ago and have to say that this is indeed a great place to eat.  Quick disclaimer though that an ex in law of mine works there :-).  That being said however, if the food was crap I would certainly say so and she knows this and would expect nothing less.  My only complaint is the same others have had, which is one of the sous chefs can have a heavy hand with the salt at times.  Aside from that the service was excellent despite me being there on a very busy night for them.  The portion size is great and chef Anton does an excellent job utilizing fresh and seasonal ingredients.
I had the sweetbread appetizer with a little bacon and fried capers.  The dish came together very well with the sweetbreads definitely shining through.  The only caveat to the appetizer is the aforementioned salt issue, which fortunately didn't kill the dish but it definitely had more than would be expected.
My entree was the duck breast with some confit, wilted greens, and a port demi.  What can I say except I'm a sucker for duck and I can spot a mishandled duck a mile away.  This was a very well balanced dish with the demi tying everything together.  The duck was prepared to the perfect doneness, moist, flavorful, and delicious.  The confit providing great contrast of texture and flavor.
Dessert was cocoa crepes filled with hazelnut ganache.  This is an excellent dessert and something I could happily eat every night if I didn't mind weighing a thousand pounds :-).
The decore is simple but elegant and they manage the space inside what was once a shotgun house very well.  With the dining room full and a couple of tables with full groups of five or six people it was a little louder than I would have liked but it's not "OMG I need to wear ear plugs to come here" loud.  It is a place that is beginning to get more reviews on the Zagat web site and all of them positive.  I believe this place is certainly worthy of being considered as a restaurant to go for anyone looking for an excellent meal while in NOLA.I was torn between a 4 star and 5 star rating - great atmosphere, very good service and good food. The steak was excellent and the gulf shrimp was very good. Also excellent wine list!I'm not a foodie by any means. I love food, I love cooking and I love baking. That's my extent on terminology and concoctions. However, the Bistro Daisy has yet to disappoint me yet. The duck over couscous was incredible. The chicken dish with the arugula and apricot was delightful. The service was wonderful and the portions really aren't that bad for the price you pay. (Typically in expensive restaurants the portion sizes are small)
I recommend this place to my friends and hope that they also try it out!An incredible dinner!  Bistro Daisy is a charming restaurant and the food is amazing. The service was excellent and the owner even greeted us at the door. For an appetizer we had escargot. For the main course I had the filet and it was truly the best I have ever tasted. Creme brûlée for dessert topped off a perfect meal.  Do yourself a favor and stop at Bistro Daisy. You won't regret it.A can't-miss restaurant. The food is amazing. My suggestions are the lobster marscapone ravioli appetizer, the porcini-dusted roast chicken and the baked Alaska. The only downside is that there is no parking. You have to park on the street, which on the weekends means blocks away.Food was solid, but it seemed to have a overly stuffy crowd the evening I was there who were extremely intoxicated on copious amounts of wine. It made for a loud atmosphere in an already tiny place. The sweet bread was fantastic!Simply wonderful! Quaint Uptown place with the finest dining at reasonable prices. I had the Boullioubaise and risotto side. It was fresh and perfectly spiced. The special mini baked Alaska for dessert was perfect. Best meal of the week on the visit to this city.I'm not  sure how many five star ratings I have given, but I am sure it is less than five. Bistro Daisy definitely deserves the honor.
I went last week  for the first time in five years. Five years ago I really enjoyed my meal. In fact, I remembered it being one of the best meals I had had in a long time. I believe I had a veal shank that was braised with raisins and nuts. It was absolutely delicious.
So I had high hopes when I went back and was not disappointed. The space itself is very quaint. The building is essentially an old  shotgun house that has been turned into a restaurant. A very small bar greets you at the front door, followed by a very small dining room which has around 10 to 12 tables. It is very simply but tastefully decorated. Nice touches include  vases of flowers in the entry and candles on the tables. The dining room is also very tastefully painted with a beautiful faux finish ceiling. It is a very romantic setting.
The menu is not particularly large, but it is certainly big enough. My lovely dining companion and I got the same oyster appetizer which has been on the menu for some time. It's essentially poached oysters with fennel , herbsaint, bacon, and cream  along with some torn bread. It was delicious. We ordered different entrées. She ordered the roasted chicken with porcini dust. What is Porcini dust you may may ask. Well it is just like it sounds -- dried porcini mushrooms that are processed to dust. The chicken is coated with the dust and then roasted. It was absolutely delicious. I had the duck which was a sliced breast which was cooked perfectly and served over a crepe filled with duck confit and clementines.  A stellar dish.
The wine selection is also very good with excellent selections at excellent prices. There were plenty  wines by the glass to choose from. The service was also very good as was the front of house. Finally, the prices were extremely reasonable given the quality of the food. I would say that Bistro Daisy ranks as one of the best value restaurants in New Orleans.
I can't wait to go back.Shari V and I love this place.  I've had two outstanding meals and one really good meal.  Two out of three aint bad.  
The staff has always been very friendly and super personable.  The service is great but not outstanding.  Wait staff seems to always hit their marks but are not overly polished.  Never have to ask for water refills.  
The two dishes I loved at Bistro Daisy were the duck and the lamb.  They were 5 stars hands down.  The appetizers and salads have always been strong.  Once I ordered a poached oyster app that wasn't great...just good.  That is the only time I can remember the food being just ok.  Last night was my first time trying the dessert.  We had crepes and creme brulee.  Both were solid.  The food is not innovative, but I don't think they are trying to be.  The ingredients seem fresh and seasonal.  I think the fare is American bistro. 
The ambiance is quaint and elegant.  Maybe 20 tables total with a bar in the front.  It's a renovated home on Magazine St.  The place strikes a nice balance between classy and casual.  
This is slowly becoming one of our go-to Uptown restaurants.A lovely house and setting--  a nice evening! A super pretty lemon drop cocktail to start... hubby had an amazing mushroom soup with goat cheese (why didn't I think of that!), and I had a the apple and endive salad. Both yum! He ordered saute of gulf shrimp and I had the fish of the day (a huge portion.. could only eat one of the three pieces). Saved room for the lovely baked Alaska- tangerine sorbet around vanilla ice cream with amaretto créme anglaise--amazing! Service was relaxed and spot on.Friendly little Uptown place. A bit loud, but it was JazzFest weekend and crowded. The boneless leg of lamb and the duck leg were both scrumptious. And here's the best part: no corkage fee! We brought a wonderful Petite Syrah a friend had given us, which made the dinner all the more special and delicious. Oh, excellent service too.Went for the second time this past weekend. Had probably been just under a year since my last (read: first) visit. Again, we were not disappointed.
Daisy is a small house with two dining rooms with a few little nooks and crannies. It's not ostentatious at all. The service, atmosphere and reputation are all very approachable and pleasant. You don't hear much about this place in local magazine, blogs or other publications. It's just an old-school, nice neighborhood restaurant. I like the unassuming aspect about it.
With that being said, the food is still the star here .. so here's a few points.
APPS
jumbo lumb crab in horseradish aioli with chilled roasted beets, tornbread croutons and chives 10
- I had this both times and each time it was great. Served chilled, it's a delicate, light start to a meal. The beets are sliced super thin (perhaps a little too thin on this most recent visit) and the lump crab meat is of excellent quality and the tastes are all there. Horseradish could have been a tad more prevalent but I know there's a fine line there you dont' want to cross. Goes great with the rose they offer by the glass.
gulf oysters poached in Herbsaint cream with bacon, fennel, spinach and tornbread croutons
- so deliciously rich it's almost too much for an appetizer if just one person is taking it down. but that shouldn't stop you from ordering it. everything works so well in this dish .. the sauce/broth everything sits in is a perfect marriage of herb and seafood stock flavors. 
*note: they featured a seared yellow fin tuna app this night but had run out because of a mistake by the supplier.
ENTREES
bouillabaisse of fresh gulf seafood in a saffron and Herbsaint broth with a grilled  crouton and rouille
- I'm not a huge seafood eater, especially for my entree, but my girl is and she loved this dish each time she ordered it. Says it's second only to Lilette's bouillabaisse. The oysters, shrimp and mussels were all prepared well and had soaked up that great broth, but the and fish (think it may have been a grouper collar?) was a little overcooked and tough. Overall a really good dish because that saffron/Herbsaint broth packs such a delicious, complex punch.
pan roasted and porcini dusted chicken over roasted mushroom, shallot, asparagus and ricotta gnocchi  with a thyme reduction
- that thyme reduction is one of the best sauces I've had in recent memory. it was so delicate and subtle with these layers of all the other ingredients (I'm guessing they deglazed the pan with a chicken stock?) making up a very good base for the dish. the chicken was a large portion - breast, thigh and wing - and was cooked so so well. Very moist meat, not overcooked at all, and that skin with the powdered porcini mushroom dusted on it was out of this world. I'm stealing that idea for sure. Gnocchi was a tad over but I can forgive that because everything else was done so well. 
braised lamb leg over goat cheese polenta, grilled red onion, arugula and pine nuts with a  tomato-rosemary ragout 
- Braised lamb leg. Unless they screw it up it's a hard thing to not go crazy over. And at Daisy it was really tasty, but it nevertheless gets upstaged by the goat cheese polenta which is maybe the best polenta I've ever had. The caramelized red onion for sweetness, arugula for bitterness, pine nuts for texture, tomato for acidity, and rosemary for some nice earthiness .. just makes up for a well-rounded dish that is certainly worth ordering.
OVERALL
Fantastic little restaurant. Intimate without being uber romantic .. good for a date spot or even better a double-date where you can order family style and try all of this wonderful food.I had the pleasure of Dining Out for Life at Bistro Daisy this year. From the minute we entered, I knew that we were in for a treat. The staff was very professional yet extremely friendly. Our large party was cut in half by last minute dropouts, but they never missed a beat in serving the group. The bar made a great old-fashioned for me to start the meal. I had the endive salad with spears of Gala apples, bleu cheese, and white wine vinaigrette to start. It was refreshing and creamy at the same time. This was a very lovely way to wake up my palate before my entrée of handmade ravioli with crawfish and mascarpone. Delicious! Although a rather rich dish, the ravioli were cooked and seasoned perfectly and I enjoyed every bite I could. (I had to take some home.) I was too stuffed to even think about dessert, but the options sounded delightful. Serving amazing food in such a cute renovated shotgun house, I'm sure that Bistro Daisy will be on my list of potential date night locations in the future.I choose this place on a whim for my post-graduation celebration meal and, let me tell you, I am so, so glad I picked Bistro Daisy. We received excellent service. Even before our meal, we needed to push back our reservation time, and it was no problem at all. Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable. We started with the oysters, which were delicious. I got the duck, which was incredibly tender and practically fell off the bone. My boyfriend ordered the chicken and devoured it in no time. We split the basked Alaska, which comes with a layer of pineapple sorbet. It may well be my new favorite dessert. It's a fairly small restaurant, so the atmosphere is very quaint and intimate. It's a great place for a special occasion.Consistently excellent! So under the radar and this restaurant never gets the credit it deserves. Rebecca was very attentive as our waitress. 
I do not order chicken when we go out, but the chicken with the risotto and Swiss chard is a must. My wife's sautéed puppy drum with lump crabmeat, Brabant potatoes with a light lemon sauce and green beans was equally impressive.Bistro Daisy was the first of many restaurants we reserved on our trip to New Orleans and it definately lived up to all its great reviews.  It is located in a cute little house, making you feel as if you are going to someones house for dinner.  The service was superb.  We started with a lump crab and beet appitizer which was amazing.  My friend ordered a center cut filet of beef topped with gruyer cheese...OMG...it was to die for!  Seriously the best beef I have ever had and the cheese just made it sublime.  I had shrimp and crab raviolis with artichoke hearts in the sauce and it was simply and orgasm in my mouth!  The dinner was ended with a simple creme brulee.  If coming to New Orleans...make this a "must stop" place to eat!I really enjoyed eating here,  so far, twice.  i will certainly go again,  and soon!   its a charming old house,  and the food was wow!   i don't know why i don't think to go here more often!!Great little place with an amazing atmosphere.  Nice little find for an out of towner like me.  So many great places for food, but this one really stood out for me.  I love the feel of the old house turned into great restaurant.  Well worth the money spent, actually thought that for how much we enjoyed our dinner that it was very reasonableIncredibly great food and small cozy atmosphere. Chef Schulte puts out some of the best food in this great city. Staff is excellent and you have to try baked Alaska for dessert!!!We loved Daisy Bistro. We went there for my birthday and it couldn't have been better. We started with some Champagne and a Kir Royale, which my wife said was the best Kir Royale in her life, and she likes her Kir Royales. It was not over-the-top with Chamboard, just enough to get the idea and still taste the Champagne. 
The best part of the meal was an oyster dish we had as a starter. I forgot what it was called but the oyster's were cooked in a delicious broth with leaks and assorted other goodies we can't remember. We also had fantastic sweatbreads that were with brown butter vinagrette. My wife had the steak and had the duck for entrees and were both very happy. 
For desert, I had this berry creamsicle baked Alaska. Hard to explain, but basically a mix of berry sorbet and ice cream with a meringue over it. Awesome. My wife had the creme brulee, which she was very happy with. 
The service was also fantastic, knowledgable and helpful. Plus, the setting in a small house with cool mirrors on the walls and fresh flowers everywhere.Wonderful! Bistro Daisy is the place we chose for our wedding dinner. Everyone was so impressed with the attention to detail, presentation and finely nuanced offerings!  Our wedding was a year ago. We visited Bistro Daisy again tonight and it is better than ever. Everything they do is excellent, but, tonight we started with the salmon mouse. OMG! Get it! Delightful! And we had perfectly cooked filets for dinner (never had better) topped off with the Pb and banana crepes....just absolute gastro-bliss! Definitely worth every cent and more! The staff at Bistro Daisy is unparalleled! Sweet, fun, professional and attentive! Go.So good I would LICK THE PLATES IF NO ONE SAW.  We were in New Orleans for two brief days, our flight came in late so we had to move our reservation a few times and the unflappable Diane managed everything.  If I die and go to heaven, I'm hanging out there.  Cozy comfortable and French sophisticated at the same time.  My partner and had both the ravioli gulf shrimp and oyster appetizers and they were out of the world.  I don't take food pictures because I think most of them never reflect how good the food can be, but the appetizers were amazing.  The gulf shrimp and grits was out of this world, and I'm really not a grits person, but Bisto Daisy turns grits into edible art.  Partner had the duck -- perfectly cooked -- and the mushroom choucroute with dry white wine -- and he was in Snuffles heaven.  Our server was also extremely personable and attentive, but not overly so -- again, Bistro Daisy hits all the right notes.  Yum yum yum.I've lived in this area for about 5 years now, and enjoyed many a good meal. Bistro daisy won my heart the moment that I walked through the door. Beautiful, warm, cozy, old school Nola....gorgeous. The service is a good as it gets. We ordered 8 dishes of the menu and every single one was perfect. Easily my new favoriteAnother recent discovery - we live several blocks away and discovered Bistro Daisy on an evening walk. We were very pleasantly surprised with the evening's outcome. We went in on a whim and left very satisfied. 
Bistro Daisy is an adorable shotgun house converted into a charming neighborhood restaurant. The ambiance is upscale but relaxed and homey with high celilings, fireplaces and warm, dark new orleans colors.
We opted for 2 of the specials for our appetizers - I had a Sweet Potato and Bacon Bisque with Creme Fraiche and my husband opted for Canelloni stuffed with Lamb and Goat Cheese with a Garlic Tomato Sauce. Both were absolutely delicious. 
For entrees we opted for the Shrimp & Grits (or rather the Saute of Gulf Shrimp in a Pancetta Sundried Tomato Buerre Blanc with Grits and Roasted Mirliton), which was outstanding, and the fish special of the night - Grilled Wahoo with Grilled Vegetablesand an amazing sauce - which was also exceptional. 
To top it off the service and the wait staff were sublime.
I took my mother several days after for a Mother-Daughter night and it was equally amazing. The house chicken (Pan Roasted & Porcini Dusted Chicken over Roast Garlic French Toast) was equally amazing.
If your looking for a yummy meal in a relaxed but upscale setting - complete with great service and lots of charm, then Bistro Daisy is the place for you.Discovered this gem of a restaurant and it has made my must visit list of places in New Orleans. Savory and delicious food selections along with a diverse and decent wine list. Service was very good. Our waitress had a particularly high knowledge of the wines on the menu. And we were allowed to enjoy ourselves without constant interruptions. No problem with table conversation even with a full house of diners.The BEST FOOD EVER!  If you are a FOODIE like me, you will quickly understand how GREAT the food is!  The owner and his wife are so sweet and accommodating. And the staff is amazing and very knowledgeable! My number one restaurant in NEW ORLEANS hands down!My husband, in-laws, and I visited New Orleans for the weekend. We were celebrating my husband's 40th birthday together, and wanted to try a local restaurant away from Bourbon Street where we were staying. We found Bistro Daisy on Yelp and felt it would be the perfect place to try! Andy, our server, was an absolute delight! He was witty and fun to work with during our visit. The atmosphere in the converted home with beautiful vaulted ceilings was so intimate. From the braised lamb shank to the porcini dusted chicken dish, everything was superb! If you are visiting the city for the first time like we were or are local to the area, we would absolutely recommend this charming gem near Magazine Street. Next time we visit, and we will visit again, we will definitely make it a point to have dinner here again!Love, love, love it!  I had an oyster appetizer that may be one of my favorite dishes of 2010.  It was poached oysters (and I usually only like them fried or raw) with Herbsaint, fennel, bacon and a hint of cream (and I usually don't care for fennel).  But this dish was so luscious and aromatic and I could have ordered three more.  Very nice with my Spy Valley Sauvignon Blanc.
I liked my duck but wasn't wowed.  However, the BF's lamb shank made me swoon.  It was so meltingly tender and the tomato sauce it was cooked in had a bit of mint in it, just like my grandmother would have done.  This might be what I want to eat for my last meal on earth.
They brought us a baked Alaska for dessert even though we didn't order it.  I have never tasted a meringue so creamy!  So much so that I was sliding it on the roof of my mouth to savor the texture longer.  
Go to Bistro Daisy.  Take your beloved.  Order the oysters and the lamb.
(FYI:  The online menu is not up-to-date)This is a great place for a date! Cute little New Orleans cottage converted to a quiet restaurant with a casual yet upscale ambiance. The service was perfect from the hostess to the waiter. 
We had an appetizer special- tuna with pesto and crostini that honestly didn't blow me away. But our entrees were outstanding. I had the gulf shrimp sauté with grits and goat cheese. They easily accommodated my request for no meat on the dish. The wine was delicious-Pinot Noir. 
I'll definitely be back.I brought my SO here last night for her birthday dinner. We like to eat early, so naturally when we arrived, the hostess informed us we were opening up for them for the night. Cool! That means no one ahead of us to delay our food, right?! ;)
Anyway, I started with an Old Fashioned. My SO unfortunately had a headache earlier in the day and had taken medicine. So she responsibly turned down any alcohol, except for a taste of my drink. And on that topic, my OF was strong and tasty. 
We started with two appetizers: the lump crab served over sliced beets with croutons, and the special for the day - lamb meatballs with vidalia onion and a Parmesan cream sauce. The combination of the crab and beet was... interesting. I would never think to combine those two, but it worked.  And it worked well. The lamb meatballs were cooked and seasoned very well; we definitely could tell it was lamb.  And the Parmesan sauce was an excellent complement to them. 
For our entrees we ordered the lobster ravioli and duck confit dishes. The lobster raviolis were stuffed full - awesome - and the sauce was very cooked. The only issue was the pasta itself seemed a little undercooked.  The duck was excellent. It came over roasted veggies (mainly cabbage, I think) and had an orange glaze and brandy reduction. It was the quintessential classic duck dish. And why mess with a classic. The dish just works. 
For dessert (of course we had dessert, it was her birthday!) we ordered the classic creme brûlée and the baked Alaska. The creme brûlée was classic, with a fresh strawberry on top.
Now, the baked Alaska... Holy crap. It was LEMON!!  The cake portion was... I don't remember. But the ice cream portion was a lemon ice cream. And lemon is my favorite. It was unbelievably delicious. And the meringue was tasty as well. But the lemon overshadowed everything, and I was more than ok with that. 
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner at Bistro Daisy. It was a very good, classic birthday dinner.  A solid choice.My husband and I absolutely love this place! We have eaten at just about all of New Orleans' finest establishments and Bistro Daisy is undoubtedly among the top. We have tried just about everything on the menu at this point (we keep going back) and are never disappointed. The steak is heavenly with its rich red wine reduction, the chicken is so tender it melts in your mouth. The crawfish special is always a favorite as well. Very warm and inviting restaurant where you feel welcome and comfortable. Highly recommend!Magazine Street has become restaurant row.  World cuisines are now well represented end to end on the former Rue les chasseurs de tresors antique. I think restaurants may now outnumber even salons, spas and Pilates studios combined. 
    So if you went out to dinner once a week at a different restaurant it would be at least a year before you finished, as new places rush to open on Magazine'.   Many of these eateries are very good but some are platonic, to use the ancient critic's adjective, meaning attaining a kind of ideal.
   Bistro Daisy is a restaurant representative of a certain kind of ideal French Creole dining experience. It belongs to one family. Chef Anton is in the kitchen and Diane is in the front of the house. 
I somehow doubt they will open Again BD or Daisy Too any time soon.  They are too good at what they do to suffer that kind of foolishness 
    The house itself is the ideal venue.  Inside and out it has been decorated with a meticulous and tasteful eye.  The tablecloths are white. The service team is professional and seem to be lovers of wine and food.
    The nearest analogous place I can think of is Brigtsen's restaurant. Family, uptown cottage, kickass personal haute cooking. The analogy breaks down at the kitchen door though.  Brigtsen's
Is rooted in the river parishes, Bistro Daisy in the French connection. Chef Anton spent time working with Anne Kearney at Peristyle and it shows. The sauces are limpid reductions of stock made in house, not syrups or fruity improvisations. The seasoning is restrained in a masterful way. The portions are perfect, which is why this is not a total wallet buster.  Try the duck, and the crabmeat/beet salad.  These and other dishes are platonic.  
    I'd go every week if I could.  Restaurants like Bistro Daisy stack up with the unbelievably good things about life in New Orleans, to help us fend off the hard truth about life here.Small intimate dining--reservations a must.  Food and service are good.  Fun evening for dinner--parking is a bit of a challenge.Great place. Wonderful food. Nice people. Great, personal service. Intimate atmosphere that's also great for tables of six or so.High price point, waiter was very eager to engage and share with us, and potentially great food; however, EVERYTHING was oversalted--from the duck to the chicken to the lamb shank to the oyster appetizer.  The salad was fine (fine quality but unmemorable).  The three of us, in walking down Magazine, afterward, offered, simultaneously, that our food had been too salty.
The Herbsaint liqueur in the oyster appetizer had not been cooked off, so it was quite bitter and "alcoholy," and I should have returned it.  I left 90% of it, which the waiter should have noticed and taken off of the check, but I also could have spoken up.  A waiter's noticing, and acting on, that the patron has left a dish uneaten is good waitering.
One weird thing: both my dinnermates ordered the peppermint ice cream, and the waiter brought a shared bowl of two, diminutive scoops of the ice cream.  That was kinda weird since we said, "two peppermint ice creams, please."  Not two scoops.
I would be tempted to give another chance but would give the instruction that I wanted everything prepared with low salt.Some people celebrate their birth day. I celebrate my birth month. It gives me time to grab that celebratory drink with a friend one day, go on an adventure to a new place another, celebrate with my family during a weekend BBQ, and even allows for that special someone to take me to dinner. And that dinner this year was at Bistro Daisy. 
It was my actual birthday this past Wednesday and the hostess was incredibly accommodating when we arrived with 4 people instead of 6. We had 2 unable to make it at the eleventh hour but that didn't affect our service. We were shown to a corner table (white tablecloth, silver and glassware) that was tastefully decorated with birthday confetti. The ambiance was quiet and romantic with an eclectic array of music playing ranging from smooth jazz to an all time Disney favorite of mine. Turns out Daisy's mother picks the playlist for the evening. Oh and can we talk about how amazing it was that this little yellow cottage in the middle of Magazine St. was turned into a restaurant?!? I adore quirky places and it was as if I was sitting down at my mother's for dinner (albeit a little fancier for a Wednesday.) Such a cute concept without losing its romantic appeal.   
We were greeted by a team of professionals including our server, Carly. She acknowledged my birthday with a smile, offered us the specials and made recommendations on drinks we were pondering. Of the four of us, we ordered two Sazeracs and two Seelbachs. 
For appetizers, we all wanted something different (which, in my opinion, is the best way to eat as a group) so we had the poached oysters, the lump jumbo crab with roasted beets, the warm spinach salad and the cauliflower soup (special.) They were all excellent but the lump jumbo crab and roasted beets was by far my favorite. One of us actually said that it was so good, she could have made a meal out of just that. Among the rest, I would like to note that the poached oysters were cooked perfectly and had so much flavor with each bite.
For entrees, again we all wanted something different (score again for the birthday girl) so we ordered the duck confit, the gulf shrimp, the filet (medium rare) and the flounder (special.) I cannot pick a favorite of these because it was too close to call. The filet was cooked to perfection, seasoned just enough to compliment the surrounding accoutrements. The duck was tender and flavorful as well, melting in your mouth along with the mushroom choucroute (which is a fancy way of saying kraut made with white wine.) The flounder was fresh and not over cooked... that beautiful balance of sea meets land accompanied by seasonal vegetables. And finally the gulf shrimp... as a Southern girl I pride my taste for shrimp and grits and when I see them on a menu my senses perk up. These grits were a dream; with a creamy goat cheese and roasted pepper blend that married so well with the lemon/basil beurre blanc. Stunning.
As if we could eat more, dessert couldn't be missed. The highlight was the Creamsicle Baked Alaska, raspberry cream sorbet in lieu of traditional vanilla. So good we should have gotten two for the table. Flambéed out of sight and worth every bite.
It took me two weeks to research this dinner and every time I went to recap the contenders, Bistro Daisy was always at the top. I now know why. I'm excited, nay, honored to recommend them to anyone looking for a worthwhile foodie experience... whether a special occasion or just a random Wednesday.Nice atmosphere and good service. Food was average at best unfortunately as I had high expectations. Food was cooked properly but flavors fell flat.One of my go-to date night spots. Wonderful selection of wines and cozy atmosphere. Would love for the menu to change a little more over time. The ravioli is always a staple. No matter what it is stuffed with or what ingredient is put on top, always breathtaking. Crabmeat appetizer is also very fresh and perfect to start a meal without filling up prior to your entree.This was my favorite place to go until my visit on Saturday night.  Food was still amazing.  I know it was a Saturday night and the place was packed but the acoustics were so bad, I felt like I was in a metal drum with someone beating the sides.  I couldn't enjoy the delicious meal nor could I speak to my dinner partner without yelling.  So sad but I won't be back.Phenomenal  service. The duck was insanely delicious. Best duck I've ever had. The fried oysters were amazing as an appetizer. The creme brulee was fantastic as a finish. What a great way to end the day. Well done!!! Everything was A++. Will come back for sure.I love 'Bistro Daisy' like a member of my family.  It's so warm and inviting that I can't help but feel that way.
'Bistro Daisy' is located on Magazine St. in a very cute shotgun house/restaurant and the initial feeling is that you're going to someone's home for dinner.  I think that's the concept they were going for here.  It works.
Inside, the moulding is simply beautiful, as are the original wood floors.  I don't know if you're like me but I look at floors a lot when I enter someplace new.  It tells me a lot about the character, as well as the establishment.  Plus, I just love vintage hardwood floors, in general.
I dined here a few weekends ago (I had also been in late December, too) and the food was, again, just stellar.  I came with a friend from the neighborhood and we were kindly greeted by the hostess and shown to our table.  I was happy to see that other customers seated at tables were dressed appropriately.  This is a fine, upscale restaurant and as such, come dressed in a manner that reflects this.  Shorts, jeans, t-shirts....they don't cut it and to me, it ruins the vibe of the environment.
The menu changes frequently in accordance to the season so check often for updates.  I'm not sure if the items we ordered are on the menu as of current but I am going to review them anyway.  To start, we shared the grilled sweetbreads with roasted potato.  The candied pecans were an excellent touch.  Savory flavor!  I highly recommend as an appetizer.
For the entrée, I ordered the grilled filet of beef over Lyonnaise fingerlings.  Part of the reason I placed an order for this particular dish is because the restaurant is owned by the same team that owns 'Petite Grocery', a fine joint also located on Magazine St.  'Petite Grocery' is another favorite restaurant of mine in Uptown and I wanted to compare their signature filet dish.  As much as I enjoy "Petite Grocery' for their cut of filet, the award for best outstanding flavor goes to 'Bistro Daisy'.  The knife just glided through the meat, it was perfectly cooked/seasoned and upon finishing the meal, found that it was just enough.  Words really can't describe how amazing my dish tasted.  Please, do yourself a favor and visit the restaurant, if only just to sample this entrée.
For dessert, I tried the berry creamsicle baked Alaska with champagne crème Anglaise.  All I can say is 'wow'.  Texture, flavor, everything was there.  I tried a few different wines but no one should come here for wine.  Go to a wine bar for that.  This is all about a perfectly executed dish and 'Bistro Daisy' certainly does that.  I look for consistency and after dining here several times, they have never let the ball drop.  
This restaurant is very small so please make reservations ahead of time to guarantee a table.  Also, due to its small stature, voices can carry and it does get loud from time to time.  However, these are small issues and will most likely be forgotten when the dishes are placed on the table before you.  What are you waiting for?  Call them and make a reservation now!I have passed this place probably a hundred times and I finally decided to get some dinner here.
Walking in, you feel as if you are walking into a friend's house. The atmosphere is very welcoming, I like the dimmer lights and it's an overall cozy and welcoming feel. We were seated in the back, which made me happy because that meant we were away from the main crowd of the restaurant.
Rebecca was our waitress and she was really friendly and told us the specials as we looked over the menu. I decided to start with the Gulf oysters, which is kind of salad served with oysters, fennel, spinach and croutons. It was a delicious and refreshing start to the meal.
For my entree, I got their version of shrimp and grits which was tail-on shrimp in lemon, basil & garlic beurre blanc with goat cheese grits, roasted mirliton wrapped in prosciutto. Talk about delicious! The goat cheese grits were a little "muskier" than what I am normally used to, but the mirliton balanced it out nicely. I have to say that "wrapped in prosciutto" is a little misleading, only because in the version that I had there was the mirliton with the prosciutto on the side. I had no complaints, and you can easily "wrap" it yourself if that's what you would prefer. I really like the way this entire dish came together.
Finally, for desert, I had the house made chocolate ice cream which was a special of the evening. I enjoyed it with coffee and it was as delicious as chocolate ice cream usually is and it made for a nice end to the experience.
I loved Bistro Daisy and I will have to return and try more of what they have to offer, although it will be difficult not getting the shrimp and grits again.Converted bungalow in Uptown.
I've been there a few times and the food, service and ambiance is always top notch.
I highly recommend giving them a try!
Great for a romantic evening. ;)
Parking can be a little challenging but that's status quo on Magazine. They do have a small lot that they share with a couple of other places. It is located just down the road about a 1/2 block.Go-to place for our family dinners when everyone is in town. Very yummy food and good sized portions. Very friendly servers. Nice ambiance (lively in the small dining area but not too loud at all). Would definitely recommend if you want to try a new restaurant Uptown. 
Favorite dishes: daisy salad, chicken (I know, who gets chicken at a New Orleans restaurant...do it!), crawfish ravioliI went here for a late Valentine's dinner with my boyfriend. The atmosphere was just perfect for it. The restaurant is a converted shotgun so the dining area is a bit small. The way everything was decorated was really nice. 
The wait staff was very good. We had two waiters taking care of our table (or maybe one waiter and an assistant. One took the orders and brought the food while the other kept an eye on drinks and bread and dirty dishes)
For our appetizers we got the sweetbreads and a daisy salad. Both were very good. The dressing on the salad was wonderful. 
For dinner I had the lamb shank and it was perfect. It was well cooked, tender, and very flavorful. My boyfriend got the fish special. I normally am very picky about fish but this was very good. The risotto it was served with was perfect.
For dessert we split a chocolate fondue. It was tasty. I wish it came with more things to dip. We got two meranges, two strawberries and a banana. Not a lot even for just one person.Nice little place with excellent service. I had:
fried green tomatoes with crab appetizer
duck entree
crepes for dessert
Duck was excellent. I might try one of the salad options for a first course next time - I saw them on other tables and they looked delicious!What a quaint and delectable little restaurant.  I've been here on 2 occasions and couldn't have been happier with the staff, cuisine, and the chefs on both.  The second time was rather different than the first bc my company for that night happened to vegan.  When making the reservation a couple of days in advance, i notified them of this.  They politely assured me that it would be no problem.  When it was time to dine, it was hard to decide at that point what was more sensual; the vegan or traditional cuisine.  All of it was delivered perfectly.  Thank you!