I decided to try Blake's the other day when I had an hour to kill between appointments. I'm glad I popped in! I enjoyed a wonderful waitress, fresh coffee, and breakfast tacos that hit the spot. I will definitely return to try their lunch and dinner options. What a great discovery!We had a terrible experience here. We called ahead to see if there was seating for us (Party of 4, 2 toddlers) and they told us to come over. When we arrived (10 min later), they were completely FULL because a large group arrived. They said that they could do take away for us, which was fine, as we didn't mind eating in our hotel, just a 5 min walk away. We ordered and were told there would be a bit of a delay due to the orders of the large group. The waitress was very overwhelmed, as was the barkeeper, who was trying to help out. After waiting 20 min without any update of whether or not our food would be another 10, 15, 20+ min, we decided to walk back and my husband would stay and wait for the food. 20 min later, my husband called me and said it'd be another 20-30 min, which would total over an hour wait time. Finally, over an hour later, we ate our food, which was only average AND the presentation was terrible. I know it was in a take away box, but it was just thrown in the styrofoam container. The portion was small and some of the sides were missing. The best part of the meal were the butter beans. We tried to call several times to speak to the manager to see if we could be compensated, given that some of our meals were missing but we never heard back, as no one ever answered the phone. Very disappointing.There is a veritable dearth of decently priced restaurants on Poydras Street, so I had high hopes when this spot opened. The decor is nice and warm, and there is an expansive menu.
This place has the potential to be very good, unfortunately it is not.
I ordered a garden scramble and the waitress was very accommodating with my request for a substitution of the grits and biscuits for french fries. I was excited at the prospect of several different fresh vegetables complementing my eggs. By the time the eggs got to me, they were nowhere near warm. The french fries were typical frozen Sysco fries. In a comfort food restaurant like this one claims to be, that is unacceptable.
The coffee was the weakest coffee that I had ever seen. No offer was made to make a fresh pot when it was sent back.
The staff was kind, but the low quality of the food here will be Blake's death knell.So fiya food is stupid cheap and the best in the land !!!! Carlos the bartender.... EXCLUSIVE  whipping up the best sazeracs in town deff a must !!First time coming here and the kitchen was very slow. The service was great, but the drinks (bar) took about 20 minutes to come and the food took about 45 minutes. We ordered a burger and a shrimp Poboy. I wouldn't call the restaurant busy during our visit. The burger was ok, but definitely not a $14 burger. It was described much better in the menu than what was delivered to the table. The poboy came with only 5 shrimp and was a huge disappointment. The bread on the poboy was a baguette, not a traditional poboy, and was almost too hard to eat. Very disappointed in the food and price.My wife and I have been here two nights in a row. Shrimp and grits for me and my wife's favorite was the apple pie. Great home cooking, friendly staff.The food was terrible...I ordered the breakfast tacos which came highly recommended from the server. The "tacos" were mini bricks- no corn in the tortilla basically tasted like flour bricks. Our food was not warm...cheese was still cold, minimal egg and avocado. I think there was an egg strike?!!Only thing that was good was our server...she was very friendly. This place is pricey and not good.NOTE: not for the healthy light minded. 
This place is awesome if you're looking for tasty decadence. Friendly service. Clean, as it is basically brand new. 
Service is still working kinks out, but even if something takes a few extra minutes - it's done with a smile. The Chx fried chx is knockout good.Great food menu, great drinks, and fantastic service. It's the best new place you didn't think to check out. They have to go wine for Saints games! Definitely a must to stop in for locals and out of towners alike.We found this gem right across from our hotel at 9:30 Sunday morning. We were seated immediately but in the hour we were here it became progressively busier. Great for one ( you can sit at the bar) and they can accommodate a large group. Beautiful setting, peaceful ambiance and spectacular service ( thanks Taylor!!). The food was outstanding- menu varied, with tasty creations!  Definitely recommend Blake'sExcellent atmosphere and service. The shrimp and grits deserve their reputation, but do. not. sleep on those fried green tomatoes.I live above this place and have attempted to try it a few times. The past two times me and a friend went in there the wait staff just ignored us, we never got sat down or even approached. After about 5-10 minutes we just decided to leave and go next door to Johnny Sanchez. I've gotten seated to have breakfast there once and it was okay at best but imo its overpriced for what it is. I won't go back and neither will any of my friends. The service sucks.I've been so excited to try this new place on Poydras, and I must say, it did not disappoint. I was slightly bummed that the menu was limited due to Essence Fest weekend, but what they did offer was top notch. While most of my party ordered the hamburger or chicken sandwich, I dove into the Chicken Fried Chicken, smothered with white gravy and a side of real mashed potatoes and grilled okra. I ate almost the entire plate and I never do that. I love all things okra, but this was my first time having grilled okra. It was amazing. I found a small bone in my chicken, but that just means it's real so I'm okay with that. My only complaint was the music. I felt like I was in my 1989 dance class. I think some real New Orleans music would suit it best for lunchtime. The prices are comparable to the restaurants in the area, being the CBD. 
I'm excited to return and try out the full menu.I have never reviewed a restaurant before but this was one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had. The only reason I am leaving 1 star is because the server was very sweet and tried her hardest to help our extreme situation. The food took over an hour to land at the table and when it finally arrived 2 of the dishes were ice cold. We over heard the server ask if they could comp part of our check and the manager straight out refused. As someone who also works in hospitality I find the lack of care for the guest experience appalling. Our server was very sweet and deserves better than the environment the management has created. DONT EVER DINE HERE.This place needs a lot of work if they are going to survive. It is incredibly smoky in there, such that air quality takes a hit. The previous location was a sushi restaurant. Presumably they didn't need the same kind of ventilation that this place does.
The server took our drink orders. I asked for a Coke, but it never came. That's fine, I should quit anyway. I ordered the Bourbon burger. She asked how I wanted it cooked and I said medium to medium rare. What came out was raw. 
You know how some people complain that a burger is too red or pink and say it's "raw"? This wasn't one of those. When I bit into the burger it seemed cold. I opened it with my fork to see. At that point all these tiny pieces of bright red ground beef fell out. I don't know what they did, but they didn't even cook the burger long enough to get the patty to stick together. On the bright side, the ticket time was low.
I picked at the fries, which were nothing special and then we asked for the check with a hand signal when she came out of the kitchen and looked at us to see if all was ok. There was no point in going back over this, because I kind of lost my appetite after realizing that I had eaten raw burger. The server came over with the check, I handed her my card, and she asked if I wanted a box. At that point, I told her no and showed her to which she said "oh my god, don't leave yet, I need to talk to my manager." 
She took the plate over to a man sitting at the bar and showed it to him. He visibly shrugged and waved her off. She brought back my slip charging for the full amount.
Ultimately, I don't mind paying for something even if it isn't up to snuff. I didn't mind tipping her either because her service was fine. But it is very sad to see management blow it off. It means they just don't care. I predict they won't last too long.The only reason I'm giving this 1 star, is because the waitress herself was a very nice person that was doing her best.
Food took over an hour, came out cold. We overheard the waitress arguing with the manager about taking something off the bill, but refused.
Would not recommend and I hope that nice waitress finds a new place to work.Horrible waste of party time. Six of us wanted breakfast before partying in Champions Square. Excited to get seated right away. But after an hour and seeing customers who arrived after us getting food, I asked for our food status. Waitress came back and said there was a mix up in the kitchen. After another extended waiting period, we bailed. The owner was at the bar and didn't come say anything to us. Don't waste your time with this place.The BEST shrimp and grits I have ever had!! The crab cakes are phenomenal as well!!
They have a great happy hour special and the owner is such a sweetheart!! 
Also, a portion of all of their proceeds is donated to a local autism-support entity!! Great food with an amazing cause!! Definitely a new favorite place for me!! :)This place is NOT OPEN!!!!  Please correct the operating hours.  We were so excited to eat here and they were closed.Refreshing to see such fresh food and high quality service in our neighbourhood.   Ya gotta make time to visit Blake's on Poydras.  Breakfast, lunch, and dinner have all been excellent :-)We are in town at a conference and Blakes is across the street.  We wondered in and so glad we did.  Great drink specials, food was amazing, and the service was fantastic.   I would highly recommend them.I am generally not one to post since I feel like I don't have much to add, but this was the worst meal I have had in quite some time. My crab benedict was very fishy. My coworker ordered a burger that was so rare it was inedible. Another coworker ordered a salmon salad with so much dressing the lettuce was wilted. Moreover, it took over 30 minutes for the food to come out. With so much good food in such a small radius, find somewhere else. I doubt this place will last long anyway.Do not waste your money. We went on a Saints home gameday so there was a limited menu for the sake of efficiency.
I order a burger without mayo and was told that all the buns in the entire restaurant were pre-mayonnaised this morning. So I order the breakfast with scrambled eggs, bacon, grits and a biscuit. When my plate came it was apparent that everything had been sitting under heat lamps for a long time. With in two minutes my warm food was cold.Just ordered via Uber Eats. Maybe the food is better onsite, but I am really disappointed in the food we got. The salad was good, but should have been twice as large given that it cost $11. It was more like a side salad. I couldn't finish my crab cakes because they had a weird taste. The $9 Apple pie was TINY, and my 3 year old who loves sugar but rarely gets it didn't even want to finish it because it just didn't taste good. I feel like I wasted a lot of money. Will never eat here again.This is base solely on food since I ordered delivery with them. I'm in love with the garden scramble! So delicious and a good amount of veggies, the cheese is there but it's not overwhelming. The grits aren't your usual grits, the texture is a less firm, but they were decent. I ordered a pancake as a side and it's a large pancake and good as well. I just discovered this place and overall very happy with breakfast, I only gave four stars because I haven't experience the service side of the restaurant so I plan on visiting and sitting in soon.Blake's is amazing!!! The salmon was cooked perfectly! And the mac and cheese was so cheesy I couldn't twirl my fork fast enough!! If you are a whiskey/scotch lover you have to get a blood and sand, it's a perfect cocktail!!! I will be back again and again before I leave town!!! 
I felt at home and Alex and his crew are amazing!!! 
Our plates were empty but our bellies were so full!!!Does anyone know if Blakes' is still open?  I know they had closed a while for lunch but then they re-opened for lunch again.  I went by there last week, and there was a sign on the door that they were "closed for maintenance" - whatever that means.We needed breakfast before the Saints game and stopped in here on a rainy Sunday. The food was great and we wasted some time before the game. The coffee was very good too! Service was great, though they all had their hands full. Highly suggest this place!Came in with my boyfriend right before closing and instead of turning us away they welcomed us and still had everything cooked fresh.  Food was amazing!!!!!!! Bartender was amazing, great convo & recommended diff drinks!!!!  Was a nice change from the typical over done creole/Louisiana food.   Will definitely be back! Cant wait - ask for Alex!!The first time I went the buffalo chicken sandwich was awesome. The second time I didn't stay because it smelled like cigarettes. It always looks dead now. There needs to be lights either around the hanging sign or around the doorway. The inside always looks dark and miserable. It needs some lights, lighter paint/decor, plants, funky New Orleans art, and music.I stumbled upon this place when all the other area restaurants were full. 
This was a pretty miserable dining experience. The place was somewhat full and the waitress was visibly flustered. The food took over an hour to arrive. My husband got a burger (the waitress didn't ask him how he wanted it cooked, I guess they all arrive over-cooked) and I received the most sad and pathetic grilled cheese sandwich I've ever seen in my life. It had ONE slice of what looked like processed American cheese that was barely melted atop some sort of jelly that was so soggy it had busted a hole through the back of the sandwich. It was like waiting an hour to get slapped in the face.
I didn't even bother eating this poor sandwich. The waitress was too apathetic to notice or care when we asked for our check. At this point the restaurant was no longer full, but she was still visibly flustered. Yes, I could have sent the sandwich back, but we were already running late at this point and I didn't feel like pushing the server over the edge of her stress level.
You know a restaurant has major issues when they mess up GRILLED CHEESE. This is New Orleans. There's no excuse for that. When you make a grilled cheese here it has to be delicious or you should  just stop being in the restaurant business. We tipped the waitress 20% regardless. Total buyers remorse. I remained hungry all evening. Never going back.
P.S. Why the heck do you guys have something on your menu called a "B.M. Burger"? Don't you know what that stands for???So glad we found this place.  The service was superb, our server, Dan, super friendly and courteous!
Delicious food at a very reasonable price.  The blackberry margarita is a must try!  Highly recommended for those who are sick and tired of fried seafood and po-boys!Insane....
That's the best word to describe it. If based on food, it would be a four star restaurant. 
Now let's talk service and the kitchen....there had to be problems with the kitchen. It seemed like they were short staffed. Everyone was running around like their heads cut off. 
It took our server awhile to get to us to even our appetizers. About a 45 minute ticket time. How did a cheese plate take 45 minutes???? That boggles my mind. 
Then our food took over an hour to get. The food was mostly burnt. We got a grilled cheese sandwich , burger, mac and cheese, shrimp and grits and chicken fried chicken. Everything except the grits and chicken were burnt. Our friend had ordered the burger medium and it definitely came out well done. One side of the grilled sandwich was completely burnt and inedible. 
We were disappointed. This is more of a kitchen issue. The server was nice but I wish she had updated us on what was taking so long on our food. We just wished there was more communication than there actually was. 
We came here because it was right across the street from our hotel. Not sure if we would be back during our trip. Service was ok for what it was. The plus was that the drinks came out at a timely manner....well mostly.Stopped in for lunch today & I'm do glad that I did. The chicken fried chicken is sooooooo good!  Dan was my server. He was super nice & attentive. I happened to come in during happy hour & the $5 cocktail of the day was the blackberry margarita. I will definitely have both again. I can't wait to try brunch. I will visit again soon!Great place to hang out, grab a good drink and enjoy some good food...the kind you can identify! Always on the lookout for a place with good service, good beer/wine and cocktail selection and food that tastes great, but isn't overly fancy. This place fits the bill in every category!The only three staff in the front of the restaurant FOLLOWED ME HOME BECAUSE I SAID SERVICE WAS BAD. They even opened the door to my apartment building - uninvited - while one girl was screaming "we oughta punch the ugly white girl!"  YALL, THIS WAS ALL OVER ME ASKING FOR THE MANAGER BECAUSE THIS WAS THE 8th TIME SERVICE WAS AWFUL!!! I live upstairs at 930 and instead of the waitress, (the old one that reeks of cigarettes,) asking me how she could make my experience better, she tells me to leave. But as i'm leaving they're threatening me?
Probably because they know how bad they really are and my hope is that they are on the verge of shutting down. All around terrible place. Reeks of stale cigarettes because of the old waitress that hangs around in the front. She also gives really lame 2 minute long excuses as to why they don't have a certain dish. 
If I could give this place a negative star, I'd do it in a heartbeat. Awful - terrible place - terrible people. You will literally wait 50 minutes for scrambled eggs, too.The cocktails we're ok. The food was mediocre to bad. Is was very busy for only two waitresses. My burger was like a shoe. They should look at a calendar and staff up for busy nights. Over an hour for burgers and chicken fingers is rediculous. When the restaurant is already packed and chaotic the last thing it needs is loud pop/dance music. Terrible atmosphere. They better get it together if they want to make it in New Orleans. The location is great.I really wanted to like this place. It is really close to where I work and it is very nice inside. We ordered spinach and artichoke dip to start, it took forever to come and was cold at the bottom. There was only one other table occupied when we came in so it was not busy at all. Then I got the grilled cheese with onion rings and the onion rings were the frozen kind that comes out of a bag like at burger king but the grilled cheese was pretty good. My friend got the chicken strips he was no impressed either. One good note everyone was very friendly.This place is a hidden gem. I visited while in town for Essence Festival. The staff was so nice and explained the menu very well. It wasn't packed at all and the A/C was amazing lol. These might seem like small things but with a huge Festival in town that goes a long way. 
The food came in a timely manner and was delicious. Pricing was beyond reasonable and portions were good to. 
This only trouble I had was finding the place but other than tha
Next time I am in New Orleans I will definitely eat here!Best shrimp and grits I've ever had. My friend had the grilled cheese and the bacon marmalade is heavenly. Everything about this place is 5 stars and the owner is very kind and attentive. We had a great experience here!Great new little place I just found tonight. Everything I had was scrumptious, from the soup of the day to the seafood stuffed poblano. Our waiter, Dan the man, was extremely attentive!! Will definitely be returning!!If I could give this restaurant ZERO stars, I would have. My friends and I are currently visiting from out of town and decided to order breakfast/brunch from this establishment--THE WORST MISTAKE EVER! Our bacon was barely cooked, the grits were extremely bland, and the French toast was so dry it took the strength of a thousand Spartans for me to choke it down. A friend of mine ordered the breakfast tacos and they were mediocre at best. I've never been so dissatisfied with a meal in my life, PLEASE DO BETTER! May the odds be in favor of those who decide to eat here.This is a very nice place. I like the bar especially.
Shrimp and grits as well as the burger were top notch.
ThanksWe found Blakes on Groupon and decided to walk over for brunch. We were seated right away (we were the only ones at the time). We informed our server of our Groupon and she graciously didn't waste anytime servicing us. The atmosphere and decor was nice. Our waitress was very friendly, attentive and kind. We got coffee, the shrimp and grits, crab benedict and toast. Everything came out in a timely manner looking impeccable and taste even better. I would definitely return and definitely recommend for people to try.I've never had shrimp and grits, I was told it's a must! I get it now!!! Our group tried a variety of the menu. Definitely the place to go for southern comfort. Don't be scared of the ghost margarita, it's deliciousWe happened to walk into Blakes just looking for a cocktail. We were greeted with a very relaxing ambience and a very friendly bartender.  Drink of the day was great and we were also greeted by a great manager. He recommended sliders with fried mac n cheese....DELICIOUS!  We were so impressed that we returned the next morning for breakfast which was equally delicious. Prices are very reasonable and the staff for both visits were very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended!Food took a while to get to us and my grilled cheese was burnt to a black crisp on the bottom.  On the other hand the service was incredibly friendly and polite.Honestly, this place is amazing. Comfort food at completely reasonable prices. I work in the area and have gone to Blake's a few times since the opening. Not only is the staff friendly and helpful, but the FOOD IS DELICIOUS. The shrimp and grits are the best I've ever had. Gouda grits under some perfect BBQ shrimps -- what more could a girl ask for?
And don't get me started don the NYM Grilled Cheese -- its decadent and delicious.
If this place embodies anything, it embodies the south. Not only with its comfort food, but with its staff that makes me feel like I'm visiting with old friends. Blake's On Poydras makes me feel right at home in the middle of a long work day.We decided to give this place a try over the weekend when we found ourselves in the area Saturday night and couldn't get in at Johnny Sanchez or Walk Ons.  We should have known better since we were literally the only table in there, and we should have left again when we sat and realized that it was 80 degrees and humid inside the restaurant because they left the front door wide open for the duration of our stay.  We ordered two drinks and they did bring me a different type of margarita than what I ordered, but that was ok-the drinks were good.  We then ordered the cheese plate and paid an extra $8 for charcuterie.  The next thing we know, the waitress has put down a regular dinner plate in front of us and it literally looks like an adult Lunchable minus the Oreos.  It was literally Kraft singles, Carr crackers, part of a half rotten apple, a couple slices of Manchego and the "charcuterie" was one slice of deli ham cut into strips.  There was a glob of what was supposed to be pepper jelly in the middle of the plate but it was frozen and had rock hard chunks of something in it.  I told the waitress I didn't think there should be rocks in the pepper jelly and she took it back to the kitchen, had them boil it (?) and brought it back out to us saying that the chef said it froze in the jar in the fridge.  Needless to say, we didn't eat the lunchable and decided not to stay there for dinner.  Our bill for the two drinks and the cheese plate that looked more like one of the employees deconstructed ham and cheese sandwiches was $55 with tip.As a local, it's great to see a reasonably priced spot opening up in the neighborhood. We came here on a quiet Sunday night, and as expected the service was prompt. Alex and our waiter were both super nice as well. I had the crab cakes appetizer as a main and the lady had the burger. The crab cakes were super tender, lots of crab meat, crispy panko coating, and a decent remoulade. The lady had the Blake's burger which was absolutely on point (top 5 in nola)- incredibly juicy, crispy bacon, beautifully soft brioche bun.
Will definitely be coming back in the future." Nothing Special "
We went to have a drink and to have a breakfast at Blake's On Poydras. We started our meal off with 2 Bloody Mary's which were very good. I had The Breakfast Bowl with Fried Green Tomatoes, Fried Eggs, Bacon, Feta Cheese on top of Grits. Sounds like it would have a lot of flavor but it did not have any flavors. My wife had the Crab Benedict with a side of Grits. She said it was delicious.Amazing spot for a bachelorette party! Service for 12 women was great. Splitting the check 12 ways was a non issue (first time this trip for our whole group). Never a lack of attention and staff/owner were generous and welcoming. Truly made you feel like you were a guest in his own home. 
Now let's talk about the food... 
hats off to the chef. From the salads to the N.Y.M. grilled cheese.... everything that left that kitchen was mouthwatering, lick your plate delicious. Well seasoned and creative dishes, not the run of the mill gumbo shop. It is southern cooking elevated to a whole new level.We sat at the bar and were waited on by Joey.  Top notch service! Breakfast scrambler was incredible! I may never eat breakfast at another restaurant.Good food, great view, excellent service , highly recommended for tourist and locals.Don't pass up the opportunity to stop by for Breakfast or Lunch.FYI... since my original post, Blake's on Poydras has reached out to me to rectify the situation.I have ordered from Blake's 3 times on Waitr. The first time I was impressed. We got breakfast. The grits are rich and creamy. I also recommend the french toast. The second time, I was highly disappointed because they were out of 75% of the items on the menu, including grits during breakfast. The last time, we ordered the Eggs Benedict, BLT and cheeseburger. The burger was so over cooked that it had the consistency of leather. The eggs had very little Holandaise sauce on them. Lastly, the BLT sounded interesting but all the flavors just didn't do anything for me. They were also out of many items on the menu again the last time I ordered. Disappointing.Big time sucks - $17 damn dollars for chicken fried chicken that was not pounded out - so nothing for chicken to hang to - the assembly could have been better - won't be back!!We went for Mother's Day. We had the pork sliders, shrimp and grits, chicken fried chicken and bottomless mimosas. Everything was great. Went back the following wed for drinks. Loved the Asheley cocktail.Blake's was a nice experience. I'm from Miami and was walking around looking for a nice happy hour spot and came across them. I enjoyed the happy hour selection $5 20oz beers and a drink of the day. Also they have an amazing menu all the food looked so delicious as it came out and was served to the tables couldn't wait to get my food !!! Didn't disappointVery nice place, good food. The bloody marys are probably the best in town!! Worth every penny!!!!I understand it's a new restaurant but some stuff is just unacceptable. I ordered the big blake and only received half of my meal. The menu says it comes with two pancakes, eggs, meat, grits and a biscuit. i literally only received ONE pancake (which was burnt on one side) and eggs, i took into consideration that i asked for no meat but I had to ask for the rest of my food. After making it clear that i don't eat meat, the server should've warned that the grits contain bacon... And to top it off, my eggs had shells in them!!! I wouldn't recommend, there are so many other great places for breakfast in the area. Don't waste your time or money. (SN: the manager was very rude!)Great Prices and awesome food. Friendliest staff ever.... Alex and another young man behind the bar were extremely helpful and just downright good guys. They are a MUST try!  And the Bloody Mary is to die for!!I made a snap decision when I was walking down Poydras.  I was lured in by the sounds of happy people, good music, attractive smells, and the care put into preparing every cocktail.  This place is great!  Get your butt here!Unfortunately this is one of the few negative reviews I've left on Yelp. Usually if I'm not happy I won't leave a review at all and won't go back or recommend it to friends. That's usually enough for me. I like to let restaurants hash out their own problems but after reading the other negative review here, I have to wonder how anyone managed to have a good experience. It is almost exactly what happened to us. The other customer got a raw burger, management shrugged it off and ignored them. They were then still charged full price for it. With us the staff literally shrugged at us after all the issues we had. They also made the excuse it was a "full house" when more than half the restaurant was empty and there was no wait. 
We came here because Willa Jean had a long wait. This wasn't our first choice but they could seat 8 people and the menu had some decent options. Nothing truly New Orleans but it looked tasty nonetheless. After sitting down and ordering it took about 1 hour for our food to come out. Most orders were correct but one of us was given biscuits and gravy AND a full entree of chicken fried chicken when they asked to simply add fried chicken to the biscuits and gravy which was an option. Instead of an extra few dollars, this was an entire second meal. They then charged him for it in full until he mentioned it and it was adjusted. 
Okay great, we're all good. Then our vegetarian friend's garden scramble had bacon in it... it's a vegetarian menu item. So he reluctantly sends it back feeling guilty about it. A new one comes out and it has bacon in it again, a few pieces but still bacon in a vegetarian item as if they mixed the new batch in the same bowl with leftover bacon. This time the grits have ham/bacon in it too. No one else's grits had meat in it... only the vegetarian garden scramble side of grits had meat in it. After it was literally sent back for having meat in the garden scramble. Now the side has meat in it instead. 
While I'm not a vegetarian, watching this incompetence unfold over and over was embarrassing and we all just wanted to hide and/or leave. When all was said and done, they gave us separate checks (but only 1 pen) and a few of our checks had mistakes on them. The craziest part was that the vegetarian menu item that came with meat TWICE after sending it back and then meat in the grits as well was still charged full price. There was no attempt whatsoever to rectify the situation. Just awkward shrugs and apologies. I really felt like we were on an undercover Food Network show where Gordon Ramsey was going to run out and start scolding the manager. It was awful. It pains me to watch restaurants deliver experiences like this especially in such a notable food city like New Orleans. It just damages the high food standard here and unfortunately this place doesn't add any value to the area.Don't get me wrong the breakfast entrees (omelets, shrimp and grits) were good but it is the little things that need some real improvements. The biscuits were canned Pillsbury and even McD's does better. There was no butter or jam served or offered with them. No coffee was offered in the morning only there mimosa special. Service could have been better as the place was not busy.  Really no Tabasco on the tables? It is New Orleans youall.  The place was very clean and that is a big plus for them.The atmosphere of the restaurant was really nice . The wait staff was very nice . Food pricing was ok , but a little high for the portions . Food service was extremely slow. This was during Brunch hours . We waited for our food for almost 30 min . No ones food came out on time or together . We ordered shrimp po-boys which were ok, an Omelette and scrambled eggs were over cooked and dry . The shrimp and grits was not good, It was almost like gravy over the grits . Lastly the salmon and seafood fried rice was ok , but the salmon was too salty. Over all I would NOT order any of the menu items I had today.One star, only because our server was very sweet and what transpired was not her fault. We waited 61 minutes for our food after ordering. It arrived mostly cold and extremely underwhelming.
Our waitress told us she was going to speak with the manager to comp something on our check, and our friend happened to be in the bathroom and overheard the conversation between them. The manager gave her a resounding "no" without any reasoning.
This is not the place to go in New Orleans.To begin, I will preface this by saying that I have made many important life decisions based on comfort food. For example, where to look for work based on whether or not I would be able to get biscuits and gravy for breakfast in that area (kind of joking...but kind of serious). Anyways, I digress. Very pleased to have a new comfort food spot open up in the downtown area. They offer a variety of classic southern breakfast and brunch items. 
Stopped by opening day and had a quick bite of the biscuits and gravy with a side of eggs. Everything was excellent. The key to any strong showing is a fluffy biscuit, and Blake's did not disappoint. 
They also have a wide variety of drinks and what seemed to be originally advertised as a martini bar (not really sure, and didn't ask the first visit, but will clarify and update soon). 
They open at 7am, so think about stopping in on your way to work and get a good start to your day
(Note: apparently my experience was from the soft opening. They formally opened 5/12)To begin, I will preface this by saying that I have made many important life decisions based on comfort food. For example, where to look for work based on whether or not I would be able to get biscuits and gravy for breakfast in that area (kind of joking...but kind of serious). Anyways, I digress. Very pleased to have a new comfort food spot open up in the downtown area. They offer a variety of classic southern breakfast and brunch items. 
Stopped by opening day and had a quick bite of the biscuits and gravy with a side of eggs. Everything was excellent. The key to any strong showing is a fluffy biscuit, and Blake's did not disappoint. 
They also have a wide variety of drinks and what seemed to be originally advertised as a martini bar (not really sure, and didn't ask the first visit, but will clarify and update soon). 
They open at 7am, so think about stopping in on your way to work and get a good start to your dayI came in Blake's on a Saturday night starving for some great food. When I arrived I waited about 15-20 minutes for my waitress to come to take my order. When she came she the order of myself and my party and proceeded to place it with the cooks. After we waited about 30 minutes we began to wonder where the food was, we asked the waitress where our food was and she told us the stuffed chicken takes long so it would be another five minutes. The manager kindly gave us a bottle of wine since we waited so long. We then waited another 35 minutes and when our food finally did come one of the guests with me (who has a shellfish allergy) who had the stuffed chicken without the seafood received it with the seafood. Another guests side wasn't even offered at the time so she didn't get a side. And everyone else's food was cold. When we spoke with the manager he apologized and offered half off our bills but the meal was beyond repair at this point. I understand things may happen but our dining experience was not one I hope to ever have again. I wouldn't recommend this place at all, I appreciate the gestures to reverend the mishaps but I will not return.I'm very conflicted about writing this review.  I met a friend at Blake's this past Friday and we both ordered the Blake's Burger - both of us ordered it to be cooked medium.  Now it took well over 30 minutes for our burgers to come out.  When they came out, my friend's was cooked perfectly medium and mine was RAW!  Not medium rare - RAW!!!  I don't understand how two hamburgers ordered at the same time can come out medium and RAW!  Well, our server was no where to be found so I sent my food back with another server in the area.  My friend had actually finished her plate before my replacement burger came out.  The server finally shows up at our table and thinks that I finished my food and had the plate picked up - he had no clue I had to send my burger back because it was raw. 
When my burger finally comes out, I had to wolf it down (of some note, I was still 30 minutes late getting back from lunch).  Then we asked for our check, it seemed like our server was having a hard time operating the register even though we were splitting it down the middle.  While I'm never one to look for a free meal, both my friend and I were a little surprised that they didn't take a few dollars off my bill for sending me a raw hamburger and not feeding me for over 45 minutes after I placed my order.  We also found it extremely HOT in the restaurant.  It was very uncomfortable.  
Now for the good news - we both agreed that it was probably one of the best burgers you will ever eat in the CBD.  Yet, I can't get over how completely unfazed our server was that a raw hamburger was sent out.  Talk about could have cared less.  
However, from reading other reviews, it sounds like I'm not the only one that had a problem getting in and out in an hour.  If you want to get staff/office workers from the CBD, they have to be in and out in an hour.We stopped in for an impromptu dinner at Blake's, and what a surprise! Appetizers to share--fried green tomatoes with shrimp, japaleno goat cheese stuffed okra, and sweet potato gnocchi in brown butter. Everything was cooked to perfection and delicious. I could go on and on about that gnocchi--it's the thing that dreams are made of. i could make a meal from just that. We also had the mac and cheese, a large portion, creamy, perfectly cooked. Others at the table had the Blake Burger--and that, also was perfection. The service was very good, the owner was friendly and walked around to make sure that everything was fine and that everyone was enjoying their meal. I don't often give high marks unless they are well-deserved, and in this case, they were. I would go back here, again and again. Excellent job, Blake's and Alex.