Pizza was delicious had the meat eaters pizza. The pizza was perfectly proportioned and filled me up and I had to take the rest to go. I will definitely try and persuade the franchise owner to let me open my own blaze pizza in Biloxi, MS. I can imagine I would do a lot of business. God willing....This place is pretty amazing with a novel idea. The pizza is great, the choices are vast. 
Only suggestion: clean the walls, they are covered in dust and lint (look up)Fantastic restaurant concept. Good cheap food fast. Fresh, better than average ingredients. Indie background music. No complaints. 
This type of pizza is better when consumed immediately. Take out degrades rapidly.Really great made to order pizza, like a Chipotle for pizza! I had the alligator sausage with pepperoni, onions, mushrooms and jalapeños on mine and it was delicious! Great beer and smores pie too (use the Yelp offer for the smores pie)! Some issues with charging for this free pie but otherwise great service too!The people there were super nice. Pizza came out really fast. They have like 40 different toppings to chose from. Pizza was above average.I first want to start off with the fact of how much I love Blaze Pizza. I've been here mmmmm about ten times. Well not this exact location, but nevertheless to Blaze Pizza. Tonight's occasion was Friday pizza night with the kids. What made it even more fantastic was the buy one get one free coupon I retrieved from Facebook. I ended up seeing a friend here who also had the coupon. Before I ordered our food I made sure to ask the cashier, Amanda, if it was buy one get one free for all pizzas or per order. She stated for all pizzas. I went ahead and ordered and added my friends order to ours, just to be nice. Once it was time to check out, the same cashier then said no, you can only have one per order. I purposely ordered four pizzas based one what she told me. I was of course puzzled and frustrated. She then turned to who she called the "general manager" and said I can only do one right and he said yes without even looking into what was going on. I tried to get his attention but he ignored me. He was a little busy I will add but when something is happening, tend to it. I told her ma'am I only did it this way because of what you told me but of course she acted oblivious. Totally upset me but I decided to just leave with the bill we were given. I was really upset not because of what happened but because of how it was handled. Rudely and unprofessional!Hoe excited was i to find a gluten free vegan pizza (up charge) option.
Staff was super accommodating and courteous.
When ordering gluten free it is common to be asked Allergy or Preferance. But when i get down the line to add my toppings they actually switched gloves to prevent cross contamination which I have never seen before. So thought full :)
The price is pretty good for a personal pizza in this area. 
The crusts are my favorite and are thin and nicely cooked. 
Lots of choices for toppings :)Very friendly and accommodating staff.  The crust has no flavor, no crunch and is almost burnt on the bottom.  In fact it's burnt around the edges which leaves a charcoal taste in your mouth.  The toppings are just okay and the spicy sauce is too spicy as it's all you can taste on the pizza.  This pizza has so little flavor other than the spicy sauce.  I wanted to like this new plaze as the price is so affordable but I'll just get a pizza at Rouse's across the street.Wicked fast! Pizza from order to eating was seriously 7 minutes! Prices aren't bad either. About $8 for a do it yourself, unlimited toppings. The pizza is decent, customizable so you can make it to your taste. The crust is plain, no seasonings. But it's nice and light. Sauce is very mild. They go very, very! light on the toppings so I found I had to request extra of nearly everything. Over all I think it's a great quick bit, works well for travel with a small person who eats only when he wants, what he wants. I'd go back!Wish we had a Blaze in Miami, Florida! After searching on Yelp for gluten free restaurants in the area, I stumbled upon Blaze. The concept of this pizza joint is similar to Chipotle. You start off by selecting your dough and YES they have gluten free dough. There is a huge variety of toppings to chose from all very fresh and delicious. The oven they make you pizza is is quick and gives it amazing taste. I am from New York and though I had tried the best pizza in the world, well now I have. Staff was friendly and the pizza was done in no time. I love it so much I would even consider buying a franchise and take it to Miami!! You will not regret going to BlazeBuild your own PLEASE!
My BUILD:
First things first: request Garlic Pesto Crust 
Sauce: Old fashion red sauce
Meats: Pepperoni, bacon, chicken, sausage, meatball
Veggies: Jalapeno, spinach, tomato, sweet peppers
Finishing touch: Sea salt and oregano
Above are the ingredients for the perfect pizza that I get biweekly. 
Coupons are always available online somewhere. If not, just go the register first to see if there is a free salad card up there.
It gets busy around lunch time usually a 20 min wait, but it's totally worth it. My mouth is dripping writing this review. 
Gluten free dough or thin crust is available
I LOVE PIZZA!I really love this place. It's super fast, I love that I can go in and order my toppings right there and let them know if I want more of this or less of that.  The staff is great, they always greet me in a friendly manner. My pizza typically costs about 7.50, yes you read that right! And it's very tasty. They also have the best ranch dressing ever. Give this place a try!Arrived at 9:22pm to a sign that read "closed early...sorry management" during all star weekend/mardi gras! Terrible! An employee came to the door and said "we ran out of dough and we didn't make anymore." Smh...so if you plan on going here, please call ahead!There is no way I can express how blessed we feel for having these folks in our area. The staff are the most caring, the most polite and the most helpful staff I've seen around (not saying other businesses around are mediocre or anything but these guys are exceptional and have set a new standard). Drika is so kind and so polite that she is definitely a motivation for me to step in the restaurant  (I always hope she is there and thankfully she has always been there with her sweet smile and welcoming words). Other guy who is extremely nice is Mourissio  (spelling? !) And then there is another black guy extremely nice polite and jolly :) thanks for the management for their hiring as this is a rather new business.Excellent pizza...love the fact that you can add additional items to your pizza if you wish. Staff is very friendly and efficient. If you love pizza like I do...this is the place to come.We went there for dinner one night. The pizzas are amazing. We are vegetarians, but Blaze has tons of choices for toppings for us. We really like their Pizza crust.Fast, fast fast pizza! 180 seconds and they are calling your name, wow! The Red Vine is the classic, fresh mozzarella, cherry tomatoes, basil and parmesan. Salads were and ready Togo.Really good, lots of options for toppings, sauces, and even vegan cheese if you want. Good prices and tasty! I liked the wood fired taste.This pizza place is tucked away next to Willa Jean. My sister brought me here a few days ago and I was pretty pleased with my experience. She ordered the signature BBQ chicken pizza with lemon basil beer and I ordered the green stripe pizza. After they fire up your pizza for 3 minutes you can add unlimited toppings all for $7.95! The portions were friendly and neither of us finished our pizza. These pizzas are fresh, thin, and light. 
Don't forget to check in to receive a free s'more which they also fire up to have it warm and melting for you.Awesome pizza. Awesome staff, they took their time to explain what they have in the menu. Very fast and calls your name before you actually settle on the seat. Nice clean place and have enough space for groups. Would def visit again!Unlimited toppings for no extra charge! I just recently discovered this place and I'm entirely impressed. The place is clean and the staff made me feel welcomed the second I walked through the door. Also a huge thank you for being so great at assisting and serving me, Lloyd!Essentially, Blaze Pizza is Subway for pizza. Get a build-your-own and you choose your crust, your sauce, and toppings for a super reasonable price. You go through the line and build your pizza like a Subway sandwich and watch them fire it up until it's ready to eat. I go here a few times a month for lunch on workdays and have never had a bad experience. Some days at peak lunch hour, it's crowded, but my co-workers and I haven't had trouble getting a table. Highly recommended! I've also tried a few of their specialty pizzas and my picky 3-year-old loves the Simple Pie. Eat here and you won't regret it.
Also, parents, heading to Blaze is not a far walk from the Louisiana Children's Museum. It is a bit of a trek, but an easy one and your taste buds, wallet and child(ren) will thank you. :)Very good pizza, high quality ingredients you can pick out yourself. I had half BBQ chicken and half veg out. Both were delicious! Reasonably priced compared to Willa Jean next door. Pizzas are around $7/$8 bucks and are filling.Easily and without a doubt my favorite food is pizza. Bury me with it. New Orleans is trying to get up in the pizza game and it's about time; we are way behind. Yes we have Pizza D and yes there's Mid City Pizza, Slice and let's not forget Theo's. However where each of those places excel in ingredients and tastiness, it's hard to find an excellent pie that is relative in price to the cost of what it takes to make each one. Blaze has that component down packed and for that, they're getting my #1 best pizza spot in Nola...for now. 
You can get a nice sized pie for under $10 with however many toppings you want in any combination. It's like the Subway of pizza but I dare not put Blaze's quality on Subway's level. Nestled in a newer, edgier sector of downtown it's got that modern touch to its interior. You can choose from their specialty pizzas or build your own. Since it was my first time I went with a specialty as I didn't want the pressure of building something I'd regret.
I went with the Meat Eater, pause. Came out super quick, the only setback I had about it was when asked if I wanted a sauce as a topping, I went with the bbq which it was good, however I don't think I would have wanted it swirled over my whole pie. I should've asked if I could get some on the side. Wasn't expecting to commit my entire pizza to that, but hey, ya live n ya learn. 
Super friendly and attentive staff, I also appreciated that the guy running the place went around and asked people if they were happy with their orders. A little bit goes a long way in hospitality with me. I'd definitely drop in here if I were you needing a downtown fix for a good pizza.Quick, delicious and fresh. This was my first trip, so I didn't know what to expect, but I knew it better be good since walk to get there was so long. Lol
Anywho, all the ingredients are right there at your disposal,     And fresh! The prices are great, build your own any toppings for $7.95, that's a steal. And the staff was extra friendly, helpful and quick!!!!!Ate at the New Orleans store.  It was great. I had never been to Blaze before. The pizza artist helped me understand what I was doing. My pizza was delicious!Delicious. A bit of a wait at lunch but so Worth it.  I got an artist pie with pepperoni and spinach added. Yum.Friendly staff, delicious pizza, even though it was at the end of the night they took care of a mistake on our pizza without asking and re did it.I normally don't write reviews for chains, but the service at this Blaze is always incredible, everyone's so happy and accommodating even when there are large crowds. It's also an unbeatable price for a meal that will definitely fill you up.Great pizza, salad and customer service! Definitely coming back for more. Pretty much a Subway for pizza.This was my first visit here. I was referred by a friend. I had the Build-Your-Own Pizza. It was delicious!! The toppings I put on it, plus how it was made, enhanced the whole experience. I will become a regular.Ok, this place is pretty cool. Quick and efficient, I can totally see why this place is catching on in an already pizza-saturated town.
The difference is their easy concept. Much like the beloved burrito places and Subway, it's a very simple menu. Pizza and toppings. That's it.
You can choose between three types of pizza: cheese, cheese+1 topping, or anything you want. You get one crust but a variety of sauces. Nice selection of toppings. Yummy thin crunchy crust. 
They bake it for 90 seconds then you can enjoy a fresh pizza for under $10. I'm sold!  
One star taken off for their horrible Smore cookie. For $3, it's two extremely dry (think MRE dry) graham crackers sandwiching a tiny amount of Hershey chocolate and 1 large marshmallow. Didn't taste toasted. Though the cookie in general was hard to swallow since it completely SUCKED all the moisture in your mouth. Please replace it with an actual dessert instead of that monstrosity.Loved this place! Build you own pizza and it's ready in 5 minutes. Sauces were very good. Toppings were fresh. And the crust was nice, thin,  and crunchy around the edges. Friendly staff, very clean.Kinda like Chipotle but it's pizza. Really good cheap pizza. You can seriously put whatever on your pizza for $8.  Will be back for sure!Nice staff. Very pleasant. Pizza was very good. Spicy sauce was excellent. Quick and cheap.I have visited this place a few times previously and haven't been disappointed yet. Today was a special offer for a $4 pizza. Cha-ching!! I ordered the pizza with white sauce. Delicious. Their service is always super fast. Line was out the door today but we didn't wait too long. Cold beer on tap. Only negative today was they were a bit skimpy on the toppings. Otherwise it's a great pizza at a great price.They put about a teaspoon of cheese on my pizza. It was all sauce. I asked for more, so then there were two teaspoons of cheese on my pizza. But, to their credit, the spicy red sauce is tasty. The crust was undercooked and chewy/gooey/basically raw.
I ordered a cheese pizza. I'd like to actually have some cheese on it.
I would not buy again or suggest anyone go here. They need to cook the pizzas for longer and maybe put some cheese on them?Good pizza with fresh ingredients. Concept just Like &Pizza . Loved the pies.
Draft beer was good.Pizza is very good and the staff is very friendly. Everyone looked like they enjoyed their job and offered help as needed. I like how they repeated my name and order each time my pizza was transferred to a different person.The only place we went to twice while on vacay in NOLA. Long and short of it is that they have what I'd consider to be "gourmet" type pizzas as a fast-food price. Extremely tasty and, of course, since each is made to order, super fresh. 
The folks there were also really nice and friendly. On on first visit, we stopped in front and were debating whether to go eat there or go to another place down the street - one of the folks was cleaning up the patio and perhaps could tell we were a bit tired and invited us to sit on their patio a bit (making it clear we didn't need to buy anything). It's not a huge thing, but a good example of how nice they are. And generally I prefer places with nice folks.I don't believe that you can give this pizza a positive rating if you've ever had pizza before.
Sure, you get to add as many toppings as you wish but the dough can not hold more than one. 
It's soggy... who wants soggy pizza! How can a pizza be ready in 3 min? 
It's tasteless... when they ask you if you want salt, add the salt because it needs it!
I only went in because I was hungry, had an hour to kill, and Willa Jean only had the brunch menu available. 
I've never liked these make your own pizza joints. This one just kept that feeling alive. Pizza is about the bread too and this one just doesn't cut it. 
I only give it a star cause the employees were nice.Great pizza! Loved the different topping and sauce they had. Very friendly and helpful staff!Blaze is a great fast lunch in mid city where most places tend toward more expensive sit down affairs. It's a face paced build your own pizza place that also offers options for salads and pre designed pizza combinations for those who want something less personal but just as good. As a vegetarian with vegan ambitions it's a respite of fresh veg and vegan options. Blaze offers vegan cheese and a ton of fresh veggies. Your options don't stop at the pizza as Blaze also offers a lot of beverages from beer to fresh lemonades and teas and agua frescas as well as bottled cokes and the usual fountain choices with the addition of my favorite soda water on tap. Save room for dessert because the s'mores pie is amazing, get it warmed if can. The personal sized pizza is more than enough for 2 and coming in around 13.00 for a pizza, drink and dessert Blaze is a great choice for lunch.It's refreshing to see this franchise make its way to NOLA! Went in because of a promotion they were having. The concept is very simple, efficient and delicious. They work on an assembly line model like a few other chains ( subway, chipotle) but with pizza! 
Right off the bat, the service was fantastic with friendly staff who greeted us as we walked in. They explained the concept as they were making our pizzas. They call you by name and trust me it adds that special touch. The ingredients were fresh. We ordered the green stripe and BBQ chicken but added extras along the way for no extra cost! That is a huge plus for this place. 
The pizza took barely 5 min to cook and voila, we had our meal! It was very tasty. The restaurant is very clean and the dining in experience was great. Will be returning. Thank you blaze pizza NOLA.Simply good tasting pizza. Fast service. Great prices. Try the Red Vine pizza. If you are on a budget but still require deliciousness, it's a must.One of the few places I eat pizza from because of the selections and how good they are. It's not too many places in the city of New Orleans that you can get a brick oven pizza done to order, so this is a plus. I don't eat pork so having the options of Turkey and Beef toppings works for me when I have a craving for pizza. I usually order through the Blaze App since the lines can get very long around lunch time. If you order that way you'll be able to cut the line and be out in a matter of minutes.When I first visited DC I was infatuated with a place called &pizza where the service is fast the ingredients are fresh and the pizza is aweeeeeesome! I wished there was a place like that in Nola and SURPRISE! I found it. blaze is great and fast and seriously the pizza is delicious...(the different fresh drinks are too) 
You make your own pizza and it's done in like 3 minutes! My arugula heaven lolI discovered this gem on my way to rouses. I love all the fresh toppings and sauces you can pick! This place is great for kids and the staff is so helpful and nice. Do yourself a favor and get the s'mores cookie, they warm it in the pizza oven and it's so warm and gooey!! I will definitely be putting this on my regular list!I love the pizza but the service left a whole lot to be addressed. Lost pizza, employees standing around doing nothing while the line backs up, pizzas being given to the wrong customer and pants sagging on the employees. They should have a dress code that requires a belt!!!!  The pizza itself was great. Love the gluten free crust option and the flavor of oven baked pizza. Will try again but maybe a different location.The pizza here was amazing, you can chose the type of dough you want with unlimited toppings on top. It literally only takes about 2-3 minutes before your pizza is ready.I am actually giving this a 2.5 but that doesn't exist. I tried this place because Wood Pizza was closed (amazing place). The atmosphere is very nice. The inside looks like Chipotle gone pizza crazy (even the menu looks the same). I was impressed with the interior. The pizza selection is nice, and the make your own pizza (chipotle?!?) is a good option. However, the first thing I noticed was that the crusts are pre-made. This is a big no-no for me, but I can understand doing this if it is necessary for the gluten free crusts (not sure the process of making this). They were very accommodating and allowed me and my friends to do 4 different pizzas on two crusts (half and half). We paid, ordered some "tap" wine (possibly a good idea, depending on if you're looking to get smashed; terrible idea if you are a wine snob). The wine was fine, but the price was $6 for a "tester" cup of wine (half a 9 oz plastic glass, so 4.5 oz). I normally hate people who complain and moan about prices (just get out if you are going to complain about reasonable prices for good food), but $6 for this glass of wine was just absurd. The wine was 1846 Cabernet. I mean I still bought it, but I'm not getting another glass. I'm just going to go next door to Rouses and buy a whole bottle for $20 (price of the wine served). A 16 oz beer (local craft) was the same price. So finally to the pizza. It was not good. As my friend first pointed out, the chicken tasted frozen (I agree), the toppings were ordinary, and there was wayyyy too much sauce in one of our pizzas and barely any on the other. Definitely not the worst pizza ever, but not worth going back. There is a growing trend in New Orleans right now where restaurants think that if they look pretty, they don't need to have good food. This restaurant fits in this category. Shame shame, New Orleans.As someone who eats here way to often I can't say enough about this place. I love the pizza, the employees/service is great, and pizza come out fast. I also love that I get a free pizza every so often with the blaze app!Probably one of the better pizza I've had in a long time. The toppings to select from is very extensive. And it's only $8. I call it the Goldilock crust. Crispy outside, chewy inside, just right.
It's the trifecta of good, fast, and cheap. I'll definitely go back to try other combinations.Came in here with a large group of girls a few weeks ago and was very pleased, aside from a few issues. 
First let me say, the prices are amazing. Unfortunately I don't think I got a pick a of the prices, but basically you get about an 8-10 inch pizza with all the toppings of your choice, for about $9. The kids pizzas come with drinks and are about $5 give or take. The time to actually cook your pizza is magical as well. Yes, I know I said magical lol. Basically as you are paying your pizza will probably be completed. I have no idea how they do it but they do and it's really heaven. 
So my daughter had the standard cheese pizza which was good. Pepperoni was too. I had the meats option which was tasty as well. We also tried this pizza with chicken, white sauce, mozzarella, artichokes, pesto, and garlic (oh btw, get the garlic. Get lots of it. Trust me on this). This pizza was so out of the norm for my normal pizza but it was so good! 
Honestly, to me the only thing that could've been better was the customer service. There was one particular guy, I think he may have been a manager, that was just going way too fast. Like, I get that it's a fast place, but don't be so rushed while I give you my ingredients that you end up putting something on my pizza that I didn't want. Also, he seemed to have an attitude while speaking with customers. Customer service can sometimes be what makes or breaks an establishment...id hate to see this awesome pizza shop get broken by funky customer service. Thankfully everyone wasn't that way. 
Overall, id love to come back!It was close to our hotel so we had to check it out since it was highly rated. The rating was on point!! The service was great: true southern hospitality. 
The only downfall is that they didn't have a TV since the game is on :/ but it wasn't worth a star deduction :)
Oh... And would have been perfect if they had sundried tomatoes but that is me being picky. Lol
I would definitely come back the next time I'm in Nola!Some of the better pizza I've had in new orleans definitely better than delivery. They do have a thin crust which I was a fan of but if you want thicker crust you have to ask. The process doesnt take long unless its super busy. They were out of salad when we went last time and it took a little while to refill but not the end of the world. Overall I'll be back soon.You can tell the ingredients are fresh. Thin crust. Fast service, and extremely great customer service!Delicious!   Nice people! GreAt service.  My 10 yr old son is gluten free and no problem he got to enjoy wonderful pizza too!   It's like the port of sub of pizza great topping you make it how you want.  Crust was so good. For how delicious it was you wouldn't believe how fast they made it!Pretty decent made-to-order pizza. I had the high rise crust on the meat eater pizza. It was pretty tasty but took longer than normal to come out... guess there were less workers than on the weekday. 
Inexpensive- about 8 bucks.
Would come againI absolutely loved this place. So many options, it's seriously a subway for pizza (except more class). So delicious and very fast. I highly recommend!After a Saturday night saints game, Blaze Pizza is the best pizza ever! Overpriced food in the superdome just makes this pizza taste even better. Says they close at 10 on here but they really don't close until 11. 
It seems a lot of new fairly priced food joints are taking on the subway style of serving. You can either choose a set pizza or you can build your own. You tell the first worker what you want, then you tell the next worker what toppings you want added. Next, they literally place your pizza into a wood-burning legit pizza oven!! So cool to see. It cooks within minutes (super fast process). You pay for your meal and then they call your name to tell you your pizza is done. 
I got the BBQ chicken pizza and added sausage (I was so hungry after watching the Saints take a win!). My SO ordered the meat pizza and added sausage as well. I would definitely come back again. There aren't many options for food in this area at night, so I'm incredibly grateful Blaze is open. 
Overall, no extra charges for toppings, quick, delicious pizza, clean facilities are all pluses in my book. 
I only take away a star because the service wasn't great .I don't know if it was a bad night or not- but the service that I received on Nov 18th 2017 at 9:20pm was absolutely horrible and I will never go back to this location again- and I recommend others not to either. Go to location on Feret. The vibe is much better and the people have a better disposition about themselves. Upon entry the guy with the glasses seemed annoyed, and was very aggressive with his answers and he seem frustrated that we didn't get what he was saying b/c he went over the menu so fast so being that I'm a fan of Blaze I took over to explain the menu better. The girls attitude were worse. They seemed very frustrated and was snickering to each other, and rolling their eyes. If it wasn't for my company I would have snapped on them. I hate bad service. Then she didn't offer me a drink or call me when my pizza was done.. she lowered her pizza peel on the floor b/c she wasn't paying attention and then cut her eye at me and still used it to take the pizzas out. New Orleans please stop hiring these socially awkward and  ghetto people to represent your businesses. It's very distasteful. Let's not add how we rushed out by the guy with the glasses omg .. horrible! Never again!When you're craving a pizza that's affordable with every possible option that you could throw ALL of on top if you realllly want, GO TO BLAZE. I was so pleasantly surprised since I was imagining a subway-type fast food experience, but the quality was top-notch. Quick service. Clean place. All my favorite cheeses- shredded mozzarella, fresh mozzarella, blue cheese, feta, goat cheese, and parm. Also, lots of yummy teas to choose from to drink.. I think I'm just gonna stop writing and go now.Fantastic servers.  It was our first time and the concept is pretty awesome (start with some dough, choose your sauces, cheeses,  and then choose ANY toppings you want). All for one low price.  We all got our own pizzas and still left with some for later.Great Food Great Price! Everyone who worked there was very nice!  Would eat there every day . We need one of these in Houston !I love this place. It's within walking distance of my office for lunches. It's quick and at about $8+tax, you can put any toppings you'd like on your pizza. The staff has been pleasant the three times I have visited so far. Very happy to have this convenient addition to the city!This is honestly my favorite place to eat pizza! I love the location of Blaze because it is right in the middle of downtown New Orleans. The selection of the sauces and different cheeses is a very wide variety! I thoroughly enjoy the spicy pizza sauce. There are some outside seats and many indoors. It is very family friendly and they have exceptional service! I wish I could put 10 stars!!!Wow!  Great experience.  We learned about the dough and their earth friendly containers and the oven...and, our pizza was excellent!  I added to the signature "White Top" pizza and my husband built his own.  Great option if you have the hankering for pizza!I have to say this is a pretty darn good pizza place but it's only a pizza place.
That being said the customer service here is awesome.
My wife was not a pizza crust or bread eater was accommodated with her order of meatballs on sauce with cheese jalapenos and stuff and they put it on a plate and it was wonderful. 
They also have salads, but no other Italian foods that I am aware of.We've eaten here twice because as a vegan there are limited options for pizza and Blaze has vegan cheese. The first time we ate here both our pizzas were burnt to a crisp on the bottom. I'm talking coal black. At my husband's request I reluctantly decided to give them one more chance. I ended up with a pizza with no cheese because they were out of the vegan cheese. I was disappointed but went ahead with the order to appease my husband. We told them of our last experience with burnt pizza and were assured they would take special care not to burn them. My husband watched as they burned the pizzas yet again and literally scraped the burnt crust off the bottom of both pizzas. Aside from that they are extremely stingy with their toppings. These pizzas are just plain nasty and I will never waste my money there again.I really like the concept. Its like a chipotle for pizza. Pick any toppings and its out in less than 5 minutes. The staff are really nice and upbeat. S'mores pies are delicious. The chocolate melts in your mouth. I will return!Pizza is good and reasonably priced. Staff are friendly. I ate here twice for lunch on my trip since it was good and so close to the hotel. I went at 11:30am both days and successfully avoided the lines.The service is quick and very nice and cordial. The food tastes amazing. I will definitely go back before I leave New Orleans.... The price is perfect too!Our hotel recommended another pizza place but this place looked more our style and my family was very happy we made this choice. Our pizzas were ready very fast and tasted great. We would recommend this pizza place to anyone. I even got Gator as a pizza topping!Extremely impressed. I ordered the gluten free crust and will never go back to regular crust. It's thin, crispy, and delicious (with a few calories less per serving than original crust). The ingredients were fresh and flavorful. Buffalo mozzarella? Yes, please. Very quick considering the quality of the product. Finally, the staff was warm, welcoming, and downright friendly. I love patronizing places where the servers are glad to be there, and Blaze is a great example of this.I arrive to a packed restaurant and a line that had 29 people in front of me. It wrapped around nearly the entire restaurant. The woman in front of me, noticing I was in a suit and out of character for this nice casual place, assured me that it would be quick.  15 minutes later I was ordering and 5 minutes after that had my pizza.
You order what you want and while you pay it is taken to a hot oven where it cooks in just minutes. Mine was a simple sausage and basil with a nice red sauce and crispy thin crust.  This pizza walked back with me to my hotel 5 blocks away and remained crispy! (And yum good)
It is good - and if in a hurry - delivers a good meal.  I am impressed!!I love it! The pizza is fantastic, the service is speedy, and the staff is very nice. The only reason I am not giving them 5 stars is because I checked in with Yelp and was prompted a free dessert, but the staff member I consulted made a huge deal about Yelp customers and gave me attitude about it.Fun place for tourist as well! Great customer service and really worth the money.I was a Mellow Mushroom person before I tried Blaze pizza. After one bite my preference immediately changed. Plus the prices are way better. It's kind of like Izzo's or Chipotle in the way you order your food. For basically 8 bucks you get a personal 11 inch pizza with UNLIMITED toppings. And when I say unlimited, you can literally put anything on the bar on your pizza. They don't scam on the toppings either. I would love if we could get one of these in Metairie, but for pizza this good, I don't mind the drive.
Also: have them mix together the mild and the spicy red sauce! You won't regret it.I go to Blaze a little too often! Blaze is like subway but for pizza,  on steroids. It's down the block from my job and is literally a slice of heaven. The build your own pizza is probably the best way to go, plus there's tones of options! Try the smores,  they're delicious! My all time favorite thing about Blaze is there Blood Orange Lemonade! I swear I'd buy a gallon of it if I could. 
Very inexpensive for the quality! :)I've been to places with similar concepts like PieFive, but Blaze Pizza blows them out of the water. Fresh ingredients, speed, and plentiful parking options (including a lot behind the building) make Blaze an ideal stop for lunch or dinner.
Despite all the great things Blaze has to offer that I mentioned above, the best part about Blaze is that the customer service is off the chain. It's more than just grabbing a pizza - employees are happy to see you when you come through the door, and are invested in having great interactions with customers.
This particular visit my pizza was made by Niqua - she was friendly, receptive to my needs, and did an awesome job in building my pizza.
Overall Blaze is a place I would highly recommend for anyone looking for fresh ingredients, great people, and good value!I am an executive chef at a big restaurant group in new orleans so i get pizza a lot so i heard about this place and my thoughts were not good the staff was amazing but i got it to go and when i got home i could have fried chicken with the grease that came from this pizza and it was 
a soggy mess 
its not a to go kind of pizza . the pizza sauce and its flavor and most important the size is just silly there is a dominoes across the street and midway down the street i would recommend going there if I am saying dominoes is better then that is  bad enough i will never get any food from this place again  its not for nolaFirst time in but, it definitely won't be my last. I  opted for the build your own this time.
Mozzarella, feta, pepperoni, meatballs, bacon, mushrooms, banana peppers, bell peppers, ROASTED GARLIC, and a dash of oregano to taste. Lollllll yea I took the challenge seriously.
It was delicious though! Fresh, light, loved the thin crust and it came out Uber fast.
Having it made right then and there, you can modify as you go it was great! 
To drink I had the frequently recommended Blood Orange it was bomb.
Open floor plan, ample seating, even a few outside tables. Good casual place to chat it up with friends if an extensive bar selection isn't a requirement. Fyi; they do have Beer and wine.
The manager Shondricka introduced herself and asked about my food experience. Very friendly and her staff reflects that.
I'll probably become a regular. Hey I love pizza and did I mention ROASTED GARLIC. Lol
Next time I stop in I'll try one of their specialty pizzas or maybe a salad.Workers were rude and Lit Pizza in Baton Rouge tastes way better. Blaze's employees were terribly selfish with the ingredients. My cheese pizza (hence the name) had more sauce than cheese. When I asked one of the workers for more cheese, a smart remark was made. Ridiculous. Be prepared for rude workers & flies in your chicken..BYOP? What is this BYOP you speak of?
Bring your own parade? NO!
Build your own pirate? NO!
Bring Your Own puppy? NO! 
Bring your own pop (as in soda, not pop as in your father, do bring your father)? NO!
Bring your own pork chop? NO!
Bring your own popcorn? NO! 
Bring your own popscicle? NO! 
Build Your Own Pizza? YES!
I first encountered Blaze Pizza a couple of years ago, the location in the CBD. I was impressed. But, about this location. It is along a busy section of Freret, filled with all sorts of shops, restaurants and stores. A very popular area. You walk in, and are at the head of the line. This is like the Subway of pizza places. You decide the type of pizza from a standard menu, or you can pick and choose your toppings as you go. You get to the end, they put your pizza in the brick oven, you pay, get your beverage of choice, and get a seat. They will call your name when your pizza is ready. Too cool! My first visit, the interior was neat and clean. The music was a bit loud in my opinion.
My second visit, I got a meat lovers pizza and a brownie warmed up. Both were awesome. But, they wrote down the wrong name on the order and belittled me for not responding in a timely manner.
Despite all of the cool aspects of this franchise, there are some bad things. Because of the noise levels, it is difficult to hear the employees as you are building your pizza. I am not sure if they are attempting to make the customer speak louder or what, but having to ask them to repeat themselves is unpleasant. Also, they will misspell your name on your order (much like Starbucks does) and then belittle you for not hearing the name being called when the pizza is done cooking. I wouldn't necessarily say that the cost is cheap, but the ingredients do seem to be fresh. The quality of food and the clean restaurant are noteworthy. But, in the end, I'm just not sure that this is the greatest thing ever. If I am in the area, I will stop in. If not, then I am not going to go out of my way to come here to eat.
There is a free parking lot in back for customers. There are handicapped ramps, as in two of them. This is on a popular area of Freret Street, filled with neat shops, stores and restaurants, very much an up and coming area of neat things.Ordered online for the first time and first time trying blaze pizza. Awesome experience the staff is super friendly and helpful. Pizza turned out great too! They also have Abita on draft! Def will come here again. Place is nice and new and clean!Tasty pizza with a lot of customization options and fair prices. Also, all of their ingredients seem fresh and delicious despite the assembly line setup. Great staff, too!I just want to give a shout out to the staff at Blaze on Freret. They are unfailingly polite and friendly.  They even remember my name though I eat there less than once a month.. the pizza is tasty and inexpensive and the selection of toppings is good. The staff more than makes up for any problems with the foodThe best individual pizza ever!!! The prices are great and they have Kalmata olives. It's definitely better than Dominoes. They're so fast!! And they have better topping options than any other fast food pizza joint.We come to blaze every Sunday. Santa and the Elf (i think their real names are Chris and Steven) ALWAYS hold it down. Super nice staff, best pizza around, always made with love. Thanks guys!Gosh!! I really love Blaze! I went for the first time for Yelp's BYOP event last year and knew it wouldn't  be my last time. 
The staff is uber friendly, the ingredients are all fresh, and I love how the dough is shaped right in front of you! Blaze has a no frills policy. The pizza is set basically at a fixed cost. You don't have to pay extra for toppings. They also have vegan cheese for no extra cost, #winning. 
You're greeted upon entry every single time, and the employees and professional. I'm really happy that the pizza comes at an affordable price, and I can't get over the freshness of the ingredients!This location's closing hour is 2AM on Friday & Saturday so I literally want to know why my boyfriend walked in at 1:20ish & got refused service cause it was "slow". Don't corporate locations close at a set time not at a random hour just because it's "slow". The staff is AWFUL by the way, "tip us & we'll serve you" is literally what was said. Aren't you paid to serve people during your shift? I'm so confused and baffled at their behavior. I would give this place zero stars if that was an option.To be honest, I was disappointed by my pizza.  I ordered a make-your-own and loaded it spicy sauce, pesto around the rim, fresh mozzerella and goat cheese, and all of my favorite veggies, including roasted and minced garlic and fresh basil.  Although it should have been a flavor explosion, my pizza was shockingly bland.  I still can't figure it out. The crust was lovely and crisp but after 3 slices I asked for a takeaway box because I just didn't care for more.  It wasn't bad (and at $8.25 for a make-your-own pizza with unlimited toppings it's a great deal) but it was also not as good as I was expecting.  I would certainly go back as it's a good deal for a whole pizza, but if their prices raise I think that would be it for me.  Overall, it was decent but not spectacular in a city with some great pizza joints.This is a tale of two parts for this review, the 1st part is the business model. They have a great concept and it 100% fits in with what our society wants and likes. They offer fast and fresh pizzas with as many toppings as you can think of at a very good price. They do a excellent job of following through on their model, I can see why this place is growing in popularity.
The 2nd part is the taste of the product, to me it was average mostly and not a pizza I would choose if I have other options. The crust is just okay, the sauce isn't too flavorful, and the cheese blend is just okay. It reminds me of a pizza that I had on my college campus that was made to order that didn't stand out that much. I feel the same way here, it's fast but doesn't really stand out for me. The convenience is the selling point if anything for me. The model is great, but the product needs to be better.Extremely good pizza. Great ingredients. Even when it's packed the line moves quick and the pizzas are flying out of the oven, so don't get discouraged when you see a long line. Many different options and they have a few different beers on tap. A wide assortment of topping. Great customer service they always greet with a smile. Great price point! The root beer is also to die for! 10/10 would recommend.-Beware of 35 minute waits during busy hours
-Pizza was great
-Short staffed
-felt bad for the staff which consisted of only 3 to only 2 workers during Rush hour
-Burnt the Smore cookie
-offered complimentary drink for the long wait
Conclusion " Would not come again unless it's slow day"I love blaze food is always good , shout-out to Steven he is an amazing worker and makes sure your order is correct!!!I love the concept of being able to build your own pizza. They have some pizzas that you can choose from or you can choose to build your own for one price. You walk down the line to put the sauce, cheese and toppings on your pizza then in less than 5 minutes, you're eating. The pizza is a good size too, and they have sauces you can put on top for extra flavoring.  I'd definitely eat here again.As they say, "Perception is reality". On a consistent basis, I've found myself step into the doors of Blaze Pizza and not be greeted in a proper manner. This is partly due to the fact that it's usually filled with people trying to get something to eat rather quickly because that's what this company prides themselves on. It's almost as if the workers are enraged because it's fairly close to closing time and there's still people coming in. Well, that's not the patrons' problem in the least bit. As you step up the counter to make your decision, they ask "Whatchu gettin?" Not, "how are you...how may I help you...etc." it's gotten sadder and sadder each time I've been there...from management to the taller guy with the dreads, who was wearing the dirtiest Nike Slippers on the clock. At the time I walked in most recently, this was the third night in a row that they'd run out of dough, so they informed me and one other guy who had been disappointed for the second straight night. What's sadder is that they were so busy trying to close the place down an hour early that they didn't even think to offer the guy a "gluten-free" option, which they offered me after I pressed the issue. The younger girl who was initially prepping the dough for me was absolutely ridiculous and was talking to me like we went to grade school together or we were family, so I asked to have the other guy prep my pizza. I don't recall her name but this was February 25th at night. She then proceeded to the dining area to put to go boxes together while being sarcastic because I told her I didn't want her prepping my food. Not to mention that they didn't even have chicken so I could get the BBQ chicken pizza...so I suggested turkey meatballs, which they also didn't have so I had to get Italian meatballs. Upon making selections, 2 other black ladies come in and are informed there's no more dough and i had to make them aware of the gluten free option but when she saw how scattered all the ingredients were behind the glass, she confronted them about it and was turned off so she left, specifically saying that there was ham inside of the pineapple bin. So, I make my way to the register towards the "manager" at the register and her head is down writing something with headphones in her ear. I probably waited for 3 minutes before she realized I was standing there, eventually saying "Oh, I ain't even know you was right there. You shoulda said something." Prior to that, she's forgotten to give the precious guy his brownie before he left the building. I then ask for a brownie and asked for it to be warmed and the big dude with the dreads grabs one and warms it without telling her so she also does the same thing. Her response to him was "why do stupid ass ain't say nothing?" There's another young lady who was acting like she was sweeping the place but really just passing time and complaining while on her phone, which the manager, Niqua, had to tell her several times to put the phone down before eventually having to take it out of her hand. The young lady, "Muffin" then starts complaining about how she's leaving on time tonight, saying "F*ck this job, I ain't staying here late tonight, girl." They go back and forth several times and eventually the light skin dude with the tattoos comes from the back complaining too. What's even sadder is that when I did get my food, I went to sit down to eat for a minute and I could tell that made them upset. I did that on purpose to see their reaction. While I'm eating, I witness three white folks walk in, a family of three and I could tell that now they felt the need to tighten up and act a little more professional for whatever reason. Of course, there was still the cursing going on but not half as much as when I was up there. Watching that take place, I damn near lost my appetite and walked out and saved my food for later. It's amazing to see how we treat each other based off of preconceived notions of others, but we act in a desired manner for "others". We pick and choose when we want to be professional, rather than allowing ourselves to flourish in our current role. I'd given Blaze several chances to make better impression as but this place is a travesty and unprofessional in all ways imaginable. For such great food and reputation elsewhere, it's sad they this location is absolute trash. In all honesty, they just need to clean house with every employee that's on staff...each one of them are allergic to greeting and smiling I guess. They deserve to be exactly where they are right now...at Blaze Pizza. I don't see myself going to this location any further moving forward.Love the made to order concept with unlimited toppings for your build your own option!The toppings are always fresh, and you can pile on as many as you'd like. The price is so reasonable, you can't get a pizza with this many fresh toppings for this price anywhere else in NOLA! Always friendly and patient while I go through the process of making decisions very slowly!3.75/5 value y'all, value.
so you're not going to make a pizza with every possible ingredient on it? uh, ok. i am, or at least get close to that. this obvs is catering to a student crowd, but since i still have the health habits of my younger self, i think this works. 
it's a sizeable space if you choose to dine in, and there's a lot in the back for off-street parking, since we know freret can be busyyy. i'll typically swing by if it's later into the evening and i am seeking a solid (read: gluttonous) meal for about $10 post-tip.
service may vary since it seems like they do have a rotating crew of pizza makers, but they will make it right to your specs (or remake it, per my one experience where they forgot to take my pizza out of the oven...oops!). 
[red sauce, maybe white, chicken, maybe bacon, spinach, red bell pepper, ovalini and mozz, mushroom, garlic, kalamata, oregano, lots of arugula!]I didn't want to love this place. But I love this place. The employees are friendly, the choices are limitless and the pizza is good. I downloaded the app so Blaze basically owns me now. Saying forever goodbyes to my diet dreams and I'm totally okay with that.I love Blaze! I'm a college student who eats plant-based, and Blaze is one of the few pizza restaurants that offers vegan cheese. Blaze is convenient, fast, reliable, cheap, very filling, delicious, relatively healthy, and the staff is very friendly. They have an app available which rewards you with free food after earning a set amount of "flames" (aka transactions), so I would recommend downloading it if you frequently eat there. In terms of eating plant-based there, some of the employees offer a glove change (after touching animal products to avoid cross-contamination), but others don't, so I would love to see that become more standardized, as it's kind of uncomfortable to ask. I would also love to see a vegan sausage option available, as I believe Blaze does offer at other locations. Regardless, I have been countless times since it's opening, and will happily continue to return for the best plant-based pizza option in New Orleans.Love the place. I love the fact that your pizza is made in front of you, as you pick your toppings. The crust is thin, which works for me because you don't feel stuffed after you finish your meal. The sauces, cheeses, and all the other toppings are fresh.  THUMBS UP FOR CUSTOMER SERVICE AND FOOD..My husband and I shared a BYOP and checked in to get two free garlic knots. With two drinks everything came out to $15. Super cheap and great tasting pizza. I had my doubts when I came in bc no one can outdo a NY pizza, but they are up there.Service was not the best. The pizza came out okay. I've been here before and the pizza came out so good. The crust was thin just how I like it, but this time is was a little bit thicker and the pizza was not really cooked all the way. I got BBQ chicken but I barely tasted either one... I will come back to give them another try. It is also in a convenient place - right next to halal guys, dat dot, dominos, etc.Worst service ever we were the first customers and they gave out 6 orders before us when the place was empty when we arrived and it took them 50 minutes. Awful service would give 0 stars if I couldIt was my first time at this location.  Greeted as soon as we walked in.  They were so helpful with our food allergies and restrictions.. the pizza came out delicious and the coconut agua Fresca was wonderful. They have parking in the back and opened late. I'll be back for sure.Pizza and Salad was great.  Extremely fast as well.
Floor was very dirty with miscellaneous trash noticeably all over including the steps and entry way.  Tables had not been wiped prior to or the entire hour we were dining, even though with the fast service time table turnover is pretty quick.  Leaving the cleanliness of your restaurant up to the customers is not sustainable.I was first introduced to this Blaze location through a Yelp gathering and David and I recently returned for dinner.
I'm sure you know how Blaze works, so I won't bore you with the details, but it's basically a "build your own" pizza place. We were here on a Friday evening and while it wasn't too crazy, service was a bit slow because the workers were taking dine-in orders as well as trying to make pizzas that were ordered over the phone and via their app. The process took a little longer than usual, but that's okay. Once the lady took my order I was moved through the line quickly, the pizza was cooked fast and I was enjoying my pie in no time.
This is a great spot if you're in the mood for a quick pizza fix that's a bit on the healthier side (thin crust and you can put whatever you want on it). This isn't the place to come if you dislike kids- there are a lot of them running around at any given time. It's also, understandably, a big college hangout so get your food to go if you don't want to be surrounded by folks under 20.Great News!   Blaze Pizza is finally open at 5001 Freret Street across from Dat Dog!  Fresh house-made dough. Prepared from scratch daily. 24-hour fermentation period. Signature light-as-air, crisp crust. Artisanal ingredients that keep it real, without artificial colors, preservatives. One Blazing hot oven + one dedicated pizzasmith + 180 seconds = fast-Fire'd perfection. Lots of fun energy! Happens to be there Grand Opening Day! Seeing lots of college students as they said they were having a fundraiser for Loyola University's Honors Program!  Had a Build My Own Pizza and a kale,quino, & cranberries (vegan) salad! Yum! They have Gluten Free crust and vegan cheese! Lots of yummy veggies, alligator sausage, muffuletta olive salad as a topping to identify with the locals! Can't wait to try their local draft beer next visit!This place is absolutely beautiful! I got a chance to meet the owners and they were very nice. I use to love Pizza Hut pizza, but when I was turned on to Blaze, well the rest is history. If you want great pizza and build it your way, Blaze is the place.I'm going to start with I absolutely love every other location of blaze I've ever been to, but this is the worst customer service I've ever experienced. The downtown location can have a line out the door and get me my pizza within 15-20 minutes. This location had one person in front of me and it took 30 minutes to get a pizza made. We were never greeted. The person making the pizza could not have cared less. No less than 10 groups came in after me and 8 of them walked out the door because it was so slow. I assumed this was a one time thing, maybe new staff, so I gave the location another shot and it was worse. This time it took 40 minutes to get my pizza that ended up being burnt. No apologies offered for the burned pizza. They also mixed up the pizzas and tried to give me somebody else's pizza. The worst part is the girl with me has an actual gluten allergy, which she told them, and they took the gluten free pizza off of its tray when cooking and tried to give that to her. Luckily I saw what they did and had them remake it. I don't understand how the same owner can have such an amazing blaze downtown and such a poorly run restaurant uptown.Tasty pizza. I'll always prefer thin crust, and this might be as thin as one can get. It won't even break your diet.
They allow you to design your own, choosing your toppings Subway sandwich style. I got a half and half pizza, with veg out for me and hot link for a friend, plus some garlic knots. The pies are small, so we devoured the whole thing in one sitting. 
Only issue I had is their ordering and payment set-up. It seemed somewhat confused/confusing, like it needed some streamlining.Great pizza! I love thin crust and Blaze has quick, fresh-tasting thin crust. I BYO with simple ingredients (sauce, mozz, turkey meatball, mushrooms, oregano) to see how a first-time taste would hold up. It all pulled together quickly (less than 5 minutes in an open fire oven) and was a delicious meal. Price wise reasonable especially when you can add as many toppings as you want without an extra charge. Choices are endless. I may not make the take out box!  And those who prefer thick crust, or gluten free, they got that. Just a salad? They got that. Blaze caters to a variety of tastes. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable of their products. I will definitely return.Love this pizza place in our neighborhood! Place is nice, clean and friendly staffs. You can customize your pizza with toppings of your choice. There is free parking space behind the building so that is another thumbs upI've eaten at the Blaze in Indianapolis and the one in the CBD and loved it. Staff was helpful and food was good. Last week I went to the one on feret and it was disappointing.  The staff was horrible and didn't want to work.  The manager allowed this behavior.  I tried to call the national office and it was impossible to talk to anyone.  Automated and sent to a voice message.Loved Blaze and Niqua was the best!!  She greeted me from start to finish and checked on us throughout our meal!! I will be returning to this location!!Had a great experience with my mom and my two kids.  We all got our own pizza. Each with a little different flare.  I love the pesto sauce on the pizza crust. I did have pesto and a half red sauce.  The staff is very accommodating.  Definitely will go back.I absolutely love Blaze Pizza. The Freret Street location Rocks. Extremely friendly staff, always very clean and the Pizza is always Fresh, Hot and Delicious. The General Manager Chandrika Julien is so awesome. She always has a big welcoming smile on her face and she treats her customers like Family. Thank you so much Chandrika for the amazing job you do at Blaze, you are a true Gem!!!!!!!Never let's me down. Great service (really the friendliest) and quality fresh topics. So many options for the same price and I love that each topping has a calorie count next to it. Nice touch. I haven't made a bad pizza yet.  This newest location has a great outdoor seating area and wifi. Good addition to Freret!!The staff is ignorant and incredibly rude!
I'm only giving this place two stars because my pizza came out ok... My friends pizza however did not come out right at all!  She ordered the green stripe pizza, when it came it it looks like they started to make it and gave up half way through it. No pesto sauce no greens on top just chicken peppers and garlic.  This sounds like such a petty thing to be mad at but when my friend tried to say that was t what she ordered two people behind the counter just said, that's what you ordered sorry... psssh poor management and poor customer service!A fast casual pizza place that does plenty of things right. Notably, they offer unlimited toppings for one (low) price, which even as someone who has no interest in half the toppings always makes me feel better. You can get a one- or no-topping pizza for even cheaper if the build doesn't interest you. They offer online ordering (though their app is somewhat ornery) and seemed to have a pretty smooth process and plenty of people working.
The default pizza is a super-thin crust. You can pay for more crust, which I'm fine with, but do note that the thin one struggles to hold toppings. The topping selection is decent, if not possessing much exciting or unique (notably, vegan cheese is available for those who need it). Mine was palatable, not exceptional, but certainly worth it for what I paid and how long I waited. A brownie (which I got free through some online offer) was soft and delicious.
It struck me as odd that this place is on a stretch of restaurants with at least two other pizza places (which I've also reviewed), but they are all quite different. This one is a nice fast food option, and one that I may return to.Great pizza not the best but still cool I'll say could have been wayyyyyy better great options for toppings but actual taste no better then the dominos across the street lmaoooToday is opening day. I am shocked at how smooth everything went during our visit. Everyone was friendly and the pizza was great. Will definitely be back.Pizza was delicious and it was made fresh and fast! I ordered online and it was ready within 11 minutes. I went to pick it up and the restaurant was very clean and modern. If I wasn't short on time, I would've chosen to eat in instead of taking it out.This is the first and last time I will eat at Blaze.  The staff was very rude and unprofessional.  The GM was at the store and allowed her team to be rude to both me and my kids.  I guess this should have been excepted since it was in New Orleans.  Now I know why we were the only customers at the restaurant.  This location will not make it.This is by far my favorite pizzeria in New Orleans. The pizza is thin crusted and while the menu offers different kinds of pizza orders, you're always free to make your own. There's a toppings bar where they ask you what you would like to add to your pizza before they put it in the oven so that it's personalized to fit your appetite! My first time coming here, I wasn't sure what to choose and someone recommended to me a pesto chicken pizza with white sauce and I fell in love! I'm generally not a big fan of pizza but this place makes me crave pesto chicken pizza on a daily basis.Greeeeaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttt quality and fresh! You cant beat the pricing and fast service. I recommend to all!When my friends would talk about Blaze Pizza coming to NOLA when they were first opening, I had no idea what they were talking about. I was just used to the usual chain pizza places like Domino's or Papa Johns. Blaze Pizza advertised that their pizza would be cooked in 180 seconds and I've heard great things, so I had to give them a try!
When I first walked in, I thought the place looked nice with eager employees ready to help me! I had to figure out how this place worked, since it was my first time at a Blaze Pizza. There was an overhead menu with signature pizzas and other choices, but there were paper menus to Build-Your-Own-Pizza at the beginning of the line. I almost chose the Meat Eater signature pizza, but last minute decided to make my own. Best decision ever! There were only a few toppings on their signature pizzas and you could choose as many toppings as you wanted to build your own, so I wanted to throw everything on my pizza! This might be excessive, but I want to share my BYOP that got me HOOKED. I chose the simple thin crust, with spicy red sauce, parmesan, mozzarella, applewood bacon, crumbled meatballs, grilled chicken, pepperoni, gator sausage, roasted garlic, jalapenos, mushrooms, olives, and spinach. This is almost what I order every time I come, which some variations based on how I feel. After you build your own pizza, they pop it in the oven and you pay at the end of the line. 
The workers are always so nice here and the pizza only takes a few minutes to make! They will call out your name and ask you if you want any additional toppings or drizzles for your pizza. Now onto the pizza. I'm actually a fan of soft and doughy crust, but I am digging their thin crust! It's almost always cooked perfectly with the perfect texture for each bite. I was scared having too many toppings would not be a good combination, but everything I put in was just perfect! The things that really stood out for me was their applewood bacon, gator sausage, roasted garlic, and spicy red sauce. Almost any BYOP I make with these are guaranteed FIRE or should I say BLAZIN'! 
I've been here multiple times and it seriously never disappointed me. Whenever I think of pizza, I think about heading to Blaze Pizza to get my I highly recommend building your own pizza and taking the rest home to enjoy later. You won't have to take too long deciding which pizza to choose to share with your friends, because it is already a reasonably priced option to get your own! I personally prefer this location over the O' Keefe Location. There is usually more street parking, I found the atmosphere to be more lively, and I've had better service overall.Mo made my pizza manifest in real time - his moves were smooth, his advice kind, yet trenchant. Soon I found myself absorbed in a pleie of redoubtable competence. Upon tasting our creation, I burst into a eurythmics ecstasy not seen in common hours. First time customer. Lifelong friend. Don't just eat pizza - get Blazed.We usually throw away mass mail coupons but the coupon we received this morning from Blaze was a beautifully designed and professional looking, high gloss and thick card stock which really caught my eye........and to see they were offering a "free" pizza!!!  Needless to say their promotion wasn't cheap.....but it achieved its purpose.  Tonight we gave it a try and loved it.  The blood red lemonade was awesome and the pizza was really good.  I couldn't believe that when I said "load it up with meat" the prep girl did just that......and for the same price as a single topping (although we used the coupon).   My girlfriend had pepperoni and Chicken.  We may have been the ones to score free pizzas tonight but Blaze will definitely win in the end.  They've made a fan out of both of us.  We laughed when we walked out the door and saw a Dominoes just across the street.  Way to go Blaze!!!A really great place for pizza! You choose any kind of topping and they have tons of them and the pizza is ready in 3 minutes. What more could you ask for?Went in around 10 PM and was informed they only had gluten free dough. I was disappointed because I was not interested in trying gluten free bread but was really hungry and enjoy Blaze. Most the ingredients were fresh. They also didn't have any olives at that moment. Surprisingly the gluten free dough didn't taste that much different. I wouldn't try it again though (personal preference). The staff was friendly and a bunch of smiling faces.First time ever having Blaze and it was amazing! Unlimited toppings, 7 different kinds of cheese, without any extra costs, what a deal. 
Only problem was that it took really long, I was on line for a solid 15 minutes, maybe longer. Need to hire another pizza maker, but damn was this good. It's essentially chipotle in pizza form!My pizza was charred.. even after they offered to make another to compensate for their first burnt offering. Everyone else in my party had the same issue. Not sure if this was in off night or a common theme. But, hesitant to go back.Love this place.  Steven and Shawnita are pizza-building maestros and our cashier Desniqua provided excellent customer service.  The food is awesome and their gluten free pizza is second to none.  Thanks guys!!!Everyone was very friendly and provided exceptional service. The place was clean and my order was ready quickly .. not to mention the pizza was amazing!Great service and food! Every time I come here, I am greeted with a lot of upbeat and positive workers. Customize the pizza to however you like!! My pizza never goes wrong lol even when I change it up once in a while. 
Not very expensive either. A lot of the time there is a deal you can use to make it even cheaper, like BOGO. But that is available randomly. 
So If you're craving your OWN customizable pizza, one you can gobble up yourself, check out Blaze!This is some of the best pizza in the city. I come here occasionally after classes and the customer service is always outstanding. Desniqua, Steven, and Nicole are the absolutely best and always insure that my pizza is to my liking! I highly recommend!Very busy Friday  night . Pizza was great . Build your own pizza is the best .  Love the environment. My Family has been here twice this week . We had a good time and we will be back .shawn, Summer, Oscar, and the very pretty lady on the register with the beautiful natural hair bush and cute smile... Service is really everything!!!!!!!!A big thank you !!!!!They definmade my experience here at this particular establishment a Great One. I appreciate the level of patience they  had with mein my time of indecisiveness. They did not rush me or made me feel like I was wasting their time and for that I'm really grateful. A really good restaurant to be added to the Freret Food Awesome ness. Very clean , organized, and really friendly atmosphere overall. The line moved so quickly and the quality of my pizza is delicious. I am so pleased and it is worth a try here on Freret!!Ugh how come I haven't heard of you sooner. Pizza is so good. Wash it down with a nice beer and I'm a happy camper. My fav is the linkd in. I'll keep coming back for more!First time there and the crew was very friendly and helpful. I ordered a customized pizza which was liberating as I'm not used to that freedom. My pizza was delicious and they have enough options that it shouldn't be easy to get bored of the place.This was our first time visiting Blaze and we really enjoyed it. I loved how they were open all the way until 2:00am! My favorite part of course was the BYO (Build Your Own) pizza. I was able to get endless toppings. The only thing I would change is to add salt on my pizza. Oh yea, their Passionfruit Lemonade was amazing!Blaze is amazing! Everyone who works at this location is always kind and welcoming -- especially Niqua. It was my first time at blaze, and she was so helpful showing what to do. Everyone should go to the blaze on freret!!1:23 am, arrive at Blaze Pizzeria, ask gingerly a nearby employee closing hours. He ensures us it's not for another 37 minutes BUT due to the elevated oven temperatures at this hour, he assured us the pizzas would be charred or incinerated. The worried employee gave us a final and scrambling warning, "you're really going to risk it?!" before entering the establishment. So, instead we opted for a cold bottled Dos Equis and equally chilled s'mores cookies and immediately left to enjoy our snacks on the Halal Guy's patio, an extremely inviting environment (considering the late-night hours). Five to ten minutes later, three men waltzed in and collectively ordered three seemingly un-charred, un-incinerated pizzas. Wish we were shown the same common courtesy as our fellow men. Looking forward to review Blaze Pizza upon the quality of their food and not the temperature of their refreshments.Definitely FAST fire'd pizza that's also fresh and delicious!! I love that you're able to customize your pizza here with so many different options of sauce, cheese, meats, veggies, and drizzles! One pizza is more than enough for one person, but not enough for two, but a build your own pizza where you can add as many toppings as you'd like is only $8.25!! It's definitely a great deal, and you can also sign up for rewards on their app to get a flame each time you come in, and after 10 you get a free pizza!When you have a line out of the door, staff needs to hustle!!!!! They were spacing out, getting distracted and putting toppings on at a sloth speed. I know things can get busy but match your pace to the line! 40 min wait just to put in an order is not acceptableGreat, fast, service and excellent pizza when you're in a rush. Don't go to other chain pizza shops.Love, love, love it.  Go. Now.  Eat.  Enjoy!  One warning: their aqua fresca is quite addicting...Genius. This is one of the best "fast food" places around. You can build your own pizza, a damn good pizza at that. They are not stingy with the toppings and the dough is this perfectly hand turned brick oven thin crust. Quick fast quality food. I will be back since I am a local:)I've only ever gotten the white top (I don't like marinara). I like Blaze because the staff customize your pizza right in front of you. My only issue is that the staff has been rude the majority of times I have been there. It makes it less fun.I've been here twice now at weird late hours and they're always killing it! Super friendly service, inexpensive no matter what you get, and the pizzas are awesome. Stoked to have this place in NOLA!Blaze is a customizable, cost effective pizza eatery. The toppings and flavor combinations are endless! And they're always sporting good deals and they are interactive with the community. And the staff is fantastic; Niqua is a favorite of mine. My favorite lunch spot.So so good! Super friendly staff, great pizza, great brownies and cookies! Got the pepperoni 1 topping and was definitely worth it.The place is open until midnight. We showed up at 11:30 pm and upon entering, they yelled "shut the door, we are closed!" Very aggressively at that. Not a great way to win customers... We were continually yelled at to leave and... Here we are. Can't say I respect a restaurant that treats people that way.I come at least three times a month the pizza is great the toppings are fresh and you can beat the price of the pizza for unlimited toppings five stars in bookI love love love this place! It always satisfies my cravings for a thin crust pizza. I usually get a create your own which is a little under $8 and it could hold me for two meals. All toppings are free and unlimited, so pick to your hearts desire! I'll admit that I went a little overboard with the toppings the first time, but there is such a huge selection and everything looked good. The pizza bakes for 180 seconds, as they advertise, and comes hot and crispy. The reason why I took a star off is sometimes the service is painstakingly slow. The people working on the pizzas don't seem that organized and it causes confusion for them.