Came here for the oysters three ways, but they no longer offer the dish. This was one of the best dishes in the quarter.  I enjoyed the frozen milk punch.  The chargrilled oysters were above average, but the gumbo was terrible.  Lacked flavor and was barely warm.  I suspect they use gelatin to thicken it. Just awful!   A friend ordered the corn and crab soup and was very disappointed as well. After spending $140, I was very disappointed.  I used to suggest this place to friends and family visiting, but I don't think I'll be doing that going forward. 
This place used to be incredible, but has severely gone downhill. Terrible representation of creole food. I hate to leave this review Bc I worked at a Brennan's restaurant well over a decade ago. 
Bring back those oysters three ways and get back to the drawing board with your current gumbo recipe!We ordered raw and charbroiled oysters. The charbroiled was the worst I ever had. Should of waited online at acme or FelixThe drinks are well priced and that's honestly really good.  So yeah I would for sure recommend it. Get a drink it's well priced.I will never forget the squash blossoms stuffed with crab in a floral tinged butter sauce. One of the best things I've eaten in my life. Pricey meal but worth it. And the bourbon...Wonderful atmosphere !!  Sat in bar area, nice selection of assortment of items on the menu in addition to massive bourbons.  Ordered raw & chargrilled oysters - close rival to Acme Oysters!! (Shorter line at the bar)I'm giving one star because despite the lackluster service, the oysters were delicious.   However, what disappointing hospitality.  Yes, our reservation was for 3 people at 4 pm.  But the fuss they made at the front of house at our request to add two friends was embarrassing.  The restaurant had 3/4 of the tables open, and adding 2 more people to our big table shouldn't have been an "impossibility".  Really? The place was dead.  Total disregard to the big picture...these wait folks obviously aren't inspired to treat the restaurant as there own. Bourbon House...train your people to be more hospitable!Went with my wife for a board dinner in a private room with a fixed menu. Service was great. We had to leave early due to wife not being well. Packed our food for us and I was able to eat when we returned to hotel. When a meal is still tasty when cold I can only imagine when it was hot. Look forward to trying again on our next trip.Although it's pricey, I have never had a better charbroiled oyster in my life! We got them topped with crab meat literally heaven in your mouth!!! My husband is a big bourbon guy so that's why we stopped and the bar tenders are very knowledgeable and friendly! They know their bourbon for sure! If charbroiled oysters are your thing you must try these!Soooo good I wish we came here on first day crab lasagna, oysters with crab on top, excellent staff and deserts to make your head spin don't miss this place I loved it
Moe and Frank are fantastic thank you JesusMy girlfriend and I came here on a Saturday night because the line was too long for Acme Oyster bar next door.  Not surprisingly, Bourbon House did not have a line.  The food was below average (I had the Fried Seafood Platter and bread pudding for dessert).  The service was extremely slow.  Although the atmosphere was really nice, the ambiance does not make up for the horrible food.Make sure you make reservations for dinner.  Do not go for lunch, it's a totally different experience.  Their wine list is unbelievable and so are their boubons/scotchs'.  The interior is wonderful with a winding staircase.  The bar is a great dark rich wood, which just adds so much class.  The service is the best you will get next to BRENNANS.
Seafood is fresh, and the prices aren't too bad.  Give this place a chance, and you won't regret it.Food was good but not great. We weren't wowed by it. Service was great though, especially considering how busy it was for new years and the sugar bowl.I'd been here before for dinner and did not have a memorable experience either way. In other words, nothing stood out as exceptionally good or exceptionally bad.
I went back with a group for brunch on Sunday, and it was, without a doubt, the worst brunch experience I've had in New Orleans. I ordered the Fisherman's Breakfast- basically catfish, potatoes, and poached eggs. Two other friends ordered meals with poached eggs. All of our poached eggs came back completely cooked solid all the way through. The poached egg white was hard as a rock and the yolk inside resembled a hard-boiled egg.
Two of us made the comment that we had never sent food back before. This was our first time. When sending it back, we commented that the eggs were not poached and had instead boiled through all the way. It was our hope that this was just an oversight. However, when they came back out, the eggs were done the exact same way- cooked all the way through like a boiled egg. Put simply, the taste and texture was disgusting.
It was remarkable to me that a restaurant would charge $17-18 for a brunch dish and was completely incapable of poaching an egg. The cook had 12 attempts (3 of us sent our eggs back and we each had 2 "poached" eggs) and none of the 12 eggs were anything close to being poached.
On a positive note- the drinks were good, especially the milk punch. I'd recommend going for drinks, but if you're looking for food (especially brunch) don't even consider this place.Best oysters ever! Get the charbroiled oysters with jumbo lump crab meat. They will literally melt in your mouth. Awesome!!We were in New Orleans for the night and wanted a good place to eat. Fellow Yelpers suggested Bourbon House. I was not disappointed. The food was excellent. I went for the boar since i never had it before. I will definitely go there again the next time i am in New OrleansVery good food. Staff was very over the top. Request waiters Noah & Antonio and you'll be very well taken care of.The Bourbon House is amazing. Loved it! Every dish we ordered was perfect. Venison chops...perfect medium rare. Grilled oysters with crab...perfectly seasoned. Sautéed shrimp, steaks, cheese cake with creole seasoning, blackout cake, pecan pie, endive cups with bacon and Gorgonzola...it was all perfect. Tom was our captain and he was friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The entire staff was flawless. I was blown away by the courteous and professional treatment we received. I wish I could give them 10 stars. I will definitely be coming back.I would have given them 5 because the food was wonderful. I had the red fish on the half shell and I almost made myself sick because I ate every bite. Wish I had it now. My husband had the Seafood platter which he said was also very good. We were there for our anniversary and I had planned to get a dessert but the service was lousy. We could not get the guys attention and he never offered to bring us more water when we were out.  They were not busy at all so there was no reason for this. Also we were seated in the back as if we were hidden, don't know why we don't look or dress like bums. My husband got so annoyed with the lack of service so as soon as we finished the meal he told the hostess who walked by to get him to bring the bill so no dessert or milk punch :(Service was great. Mixed drinks were awesome. Raw oysters were delicious. Charbroiled oysters were disappointing. Crouton on the Caesar salad was hard and stale. Redfish had the scales on it and would get into every few bites. Combo seafood was bland, shrimp were over battered and over cooked, oysters were small and dry, fish was ok but not seasoned. Overall very disappointing considering the prices. I'm a local and feel this is a tourist trap and way over rated. There is much better food at other restaurants and for much less cost. Overall I would not recommend except for drinks and raw oysters and that's the only reason it gets a 2 star.We had dinner on our last night in town, it was terrible(May 24). We order crab and corn soup, it should be called the corn soup with crab flavoring. I ordered the paneed  veal with crab and my husband ordered the catfish. The veal was thick, dry with no sauce and the catfish was not fresh. I ordered a sangria which was nothing short of white wine with club soda a slice of a apple and a tiny tiny piece of strawberry for 12.00. They should be ashamed of themselves.  It was terrible. The drink waitress was nice. The food waitress was rude and made faces. What a waste of time and money.Hotel food. Nice atmosphere and we had good service.  Some of the good was good and some was really bad. The red fish was pretty good. Corn crab soup was good. The shrimp were so over cooked and old they were mush and couldn't even be peeled. Really disgusting.  The filet was tender buy it was so over seasoned and over tenderized it was borderline mushy itself. The people across the table had a steak that was so over cooked it had no pink left at all. Wasn't a bad meal but wasn't a good meal either and I sure wouldn't come back. This was hotel food just shoved out to feed the masses.The food was over priced for the quality.  The wait was forty five minutes to be seated.  Furthermore, the service was substandard, once our server took the ordet we had to wait thirty minutes more for our oder to be placed on the table  and the food was cold.  I would not recommend this restaurant. I suggest the management at the restaurant execute  quality assuance and quality control.I certainly did not enjoy dining in at this place. First of all let me start with the waiter service, I saw him twice during our entire stay. Once for the order and then when he came by to give the bill . I do understand when restaurants are busy but still the waiter should have came checked on us and see how we doing and how was the food. He walked by so many times and not even a glance at us. The oysters we ordered came out cold . Then when we left we complained to the manager about the whole experience and all she said sorry !!! Really ... How about let me make it up on you please come back and see us . Here is a complimentary plate .... Just a sorry !!! Well sorry but I will never come back .Don't judge this place by the entrance. The back dining area is beautiful and quiet. The service was exceptional- the recommendations on both food and drink were excellent, and everything was delicious. Crab cake was huge and the alligator bites ate perfect for those who don't mind a more gamey tasting meat. The drinks are pricey but well made. Overall excellent place for a quiet and delicious dinner, and don't forget to get a frozen bourbon milk to end your meal, so tasty!Acme had a line that crossed the block and we weren't about to wait in that mess. Bourbon looked to be our best option for the fast fresh oysters and they absolutely were heaven! 
The restaurant boasts in ample seating, and its tempting to sit in the pretty dining area but I find grabbing a seat at the bar is best. In case you get bored, you can watch a few guys shuck dem' oysters right up front.  Oysters caviar vs Oysters chargrilled, the oyster caviar won out with freshness. Chargrilled is something I've yet to get used to and find it a little heavy masking. And if oysters ain't your thing there are plenty of other southern items on the menu. Even a vegetarian would find something delicious to eat here.  This is an ideal place if your looking for more of a nice sit down place for a large group rather than waiting in line and cramming it to the bar.Very disappointing service!! So much I do not regret my decision to not come back. I had visitors from out of town. When they brought bread out we had no plates and since they were never brought upon asking, I went and got some. The three of us each ordered the chargrilled oysters which ALL came out cold. On top of that, I asked twice for bread (which should be served with them) and ended up getting up again to go get some. The whole time, our waiters (one for food, another for drinks), never came by after we initially ordered until it was time to pick up our plates and give us the tab. However, another table got so much attention that a girl who was very cold got a table linen or shawl to cover her shoulders! I am sure they both knew how bad it was since I asked for the manager and that person didn't come.  Once again, I had to get the manager myself, who only offered a simple sorry. All of this was extremely out of place for this establishment, but I'll take my guests to Katie's from now on. Really too bad, I liked their oysters. A me' sis probably ur best bet in the FQ.Service is top notch. The food was also very good. Real New Orleans food in a very nice environment. I had the bbqshrimp Po boy, and the flavour was fantastic.I love the Bourbon House! The service is great and the food is some of the best in the city. If you're in the back bar Sunshine is sure to put a smile on your face, and if you're fortunate enough to have Ashante as a server you'll have the best service that you've had in New Orleans. They're great. They all are great! The food is awesome and the service can't be beat. What more could you ask for?This place is the worst. I came here with a large party and was required to pay $47 to eat. However I can't have gluten and was told my option for an entree was a vegetable platter only. For dessert I got a few strawberries. This was after being told by the party coordinator beforehand that I could order anything off of the regular menu. I also was required to pay cash for my drink and waited over 35 minutes to receive it. I would never ever return.My wife and I loved Bourbon House! The food was amazing and the staff were equally as amazing. Our waiter Scott was very helpful,  prompt and constantly making sure we were taken care of. Best service we've had in a long time. Highly recommend trying the bourbon bbq shrimp (the sauce is to die for) and the ribeye steak is one of the best I've ever had. Finish the meal with their bourbon milk punch, very goodWe stopped in for appetizers and drinks.  The restaurant is really beautiful and we sat at the bar so we could chat with other customers. The BBQ shrimp was really yummy.   Bourbon House serves it shelled with just the tails on which made it easy to eat.  We also had the calamari which was well done.  Not too chewy, very fresh.  The best part was the Bourbon flight tasting.  The bartender was very helpful with suggesting which flights to taste.  They do have a happy hour, we were just finishing when it started and the place quickly filled up.Charbroiled oyster and the oyster w/ local caviar are out of this world.....try them with a Angel's Envy on the rocksPlease drop in here and have the same thing I ordered I'll be back needless 2 say money out off top mouth wateringThe food was mediocre, but the staff was very attentive. The corn and crab meat soup was very good.The food here was so overrated IMO. We went here for Thanksgiving and I got the turducken and it was not that great. I found two hairs in my food - gross! Everything was super greasy and not a fan at all.  The prices were ridiculous and it was by far the worst food we had in nola - super pricey and overrated.The food was great especially the oysters. I suggest the halfshell redfish. But the service was horrific. Waiting 2.5 hours for our entrees only because the waiter forgot to put in our order and he came up 2.5 hours later asking if everything was fine. No its not fine I would like my order please. Our waiter was a total douche on top of that after requesting the manager, he responded with in a perfect world you would have received it earlier but what can I do idk comp our food maybe a discount something from keeping me to write this horrible experience in your restaurant.Food was not anything special. And I mean that with all of my heart! What made the experience worst was having a waitress like Alex (server captain) be so unpleasant and rude towards all of her tables. Yes- we unfortunately had her. We thought that it was just our table that she was giving attitude to, because we asked for tiny forks for the oysters, but we watched her tell her patrons at the table next to us "we'll, I was in the kitchen and I watched them make it, so i don't know what to tell ya!" when they shared their disappointment on the oysters. 
Don't know if she was just having a bad day, but people with that attitude should just stay away from the hospitality field.Stopped by for a quick bite and a drink before leaving New Orleans. The selection of bourbon is astounding, the wait staff helpful, polite, but not intrusively attentive. Drinks were top notch, but the appetizers stole the show. We shared chargrilled oysters and the crab fingers--just incredible and worth going back if only for that.The first place we ate after getting settled  in the city ..... I ordered the crab fingers appetizer.... I expected claws of a snow crab but got the claws of a regular crab.... so sad...
Although it was not what I wanted or expected I ate it..... surprise it was actually tasty....basically crab soaking in butter,  herbs and garlic .....  
my mother ordered the fried shrimp and fries and was unhappy with the flavor since it was nonexistent.... just shrimp coated in batter....  ugh!!!Bourbon and fresh seafood. 
Two of my favorite things on earth. 
A dream come true for me, and it mostly delivered... 
Okay, the bourbon flights were awesome. Got to try new bourbons I'd never had before. Mmmm. 
The huge and pricey Le Grand Plaeaux de Fruits de Mer (a selection of fresh shucked Louisiana Oysters, Gulf Shrimp, Seasonal Seafood Salad, Crab Fingers & Maine Lobster Tails) should have been amazing but unfortunately the Crab Fingers were totally overcooked. 
We said something to the server about it and she retrieved the manager right away. He came over and said that he could tell just by looking at the crab that it was overcooked. He apologized. We asked for another run of it. This time they came back, better, but still not perfect, as it should have been for the price. 
We also ordered a trio of baked oysters (OYSTERS ROCKEFELLER, BIENVILLE, FONSECA) and they were DELICIOUS! 
The service is weird in that you get 2 different servers, and there is some hierarchy there, which was weird, and they wear different clothes based upon this hierarchy, but it worked out fine. 
Good southern hospitality too.Sit at the oyster bar and have some raw ones, visit with the shuckers and of course a Bourbon Milk Punch.  Can't be beat.SERVICE (3/5 Stars)
FOOD (4/5 Stars)
I visited some friends in New Orleans for Halloween weekend and we decided to have a late lunch here (around 2 pm) on Saturday.  The quarter was busy, but the restaurant had a TON of empty tables, a TON!  We didn't mind waiting 30 minutes though- we just grabbed a drink at the bar.  
We had 3-4 waiters for our table, which I thought would equate to amazing service. I had to BEG for water- (surprise, I was hung over in New Orleans). It took me over 45 minutes after sitting at the table to get a glass of water.  
We had 6 at our table so we tried and shared many things on the menu. All the food was good- but probably nothing to write home about.Stopped in here for a later light lunch so we just got apps/salads, but everyone was pleased with their food. The cobb salad was pretty much a cobb salad, but it's nice it came with deviled eggs versus just plain chopped. We got fried oysters as an add on to the salad and they were amazing. Great quality and so fresh tasting! Crab fingers were very tasty and I kept having to take more of the french bread to soak up the sauce. Speaking of soaking up sauce, the BBQ sauce on the shrimp appetizer is amazing, and I settled for merely dipping bread in what was remaining, though I was sorely tempted to just eat it up with a spoon. It's a very thin sauce but don't let that fool you, it's packed with flavor.
If back in NOLA I'd stop here again and try some of the entrees (and hopefully it will be warmer so I'll be more in the mood to try the bourbon milk punch). The atmosphere is nice and relaxed and it's definitely a welcome break from the craziness of Bourbon St. Additionally, they were kind enough to be very gracious about our wanting to stay a bit after we were done to finish watching the half of the football game.Fun!  High ceilings, loud bistro environment. The crab fingers were delightful. Order two as entree.  I'd go back.Yes yes yes yes yes. The best po'boy I've ever had in my entire life.  I ordered the BBQ shrimp po'boy and it's out of this world.  The BBQ sauce is not what you'd expect - it's so much better.  It's buttery and delicious and I'm not sure what else to say about it.  I will be dreaming about it for years to come.Amazing food and drinks. Great location right in the middle of the French Quarter. They have balcony dining which I would have loved to take part in, but it was raining! :(Started out nice however the service was horrid. They have 4 different people waiting on each table and we still had to wait and wait for everything. I ordered white wine and was delivered a blush. They took it back and then brought my drink Had to ask again for it. Second person at table ordered a drink and then we waited another 30 minutes for it. Food finally came and we asked for a few sauces and they never came. All the while there are like 5 servers standing around no one ever came and asked how the food was or if we needed anything which of course we did. My meal ended up getting cold as I had to wait a half hour for the sauce I needed. One server took two empty beers from the table never asked if he could get them another. Horrible. Will not be back and we love New Orleans.First time at Bourbon House and it was a TERRIBLE experience from beginning until we left! Made reservations a week in advanced for 12PM, arrived and was notified that half of the party had to br there to be seated. I then asked the hostess twice when they arrive, we will be seated immediately correct? Hostess said correct. After half of party arrived a few mins after 12, we STILL HAD TO WAIT 45 minutes to be seated! They gave our table up to another party that didn't have a reservation. Talked to the Manager, and Manager could care less! Took 25 mins before we got to place our order, AND also took 1 hour to receive our food! On top of that the food was TERRIBLE! Should have left after waiting to place our order! Waiter was rude and unprofessional. Making obscene comments about the women at the table. Oysters were small, Management did nothing. Salad was plain and overly priced for that. OVERALL TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE FROM SERVICE TO FOOD AND EVERYTHING IN BETWEEN. NEVER RETURNING TO THIS RESTURANT!! WOULD HIGHLY NOT RECOMMEND DINING HERE!!!I know it's Bourbon St and it's been here a long time but it still hits the right spots. Oysters at the bar were shucked to order and so fresh tasting you almost get wet. Came in with large group and they handled us perfectly in spite of our own caos generated. Great apps that were shared and all very tasty and fresh. seafood is among some of the best in NOLA. Won't go wrong trying this one out.I had fish with lump crab meat on top and it was delicious! The Sangria was fantastic and refreshing.My waiter recommended my meal and drink and was professional and polite.Service was slow at first but they made up the time on our wait. Nice and roomy restaurant. The menu doesn't have much but the Bourbon list is outrageous!  All in all, great! We'll be back.Skip this place. 
Our night at the Bourbon House was letdown after letdown. First, we gave our name to the host at 8pm and they said it was going to be a 45 min wait and they'd text us when it would be ready. We didn't get a text at 8:45 so we decided to head back and see what the deal is, and good thing we did, because they seated us right then, and we actually received their text at 10:30!!! Wow what a mess-up. 
Next- we order fried calamari, crab crusted fish, and some other kind of fish entree. Our food took an hour and a half to be served. This was absolutely ridiculous. Waiters offered us a drink on the house but this did not make up for our agonizing pangs of hunger. 
Once it came, the food was not better than average. Small portions and mediocre taste. It was quite underwhelming. 
Our servers didn't check up on us to see how we were doing. 
I expected better ... wish we had dinner elsewhere.Flavor of the food was above average.  I had the veal, my husband had the tuna.  Both were tasty and served beautifully but a little on the cold side when received. Oyster trio was very good as well as the cream brûlée. Being right on Bourbon St., the location is convenient and it was easy to get a seat. When it's summer in New Orleans it's hot and sticky. You might expect clientele to be hot, tired and underdressed for the occasion. The restaurant is upscale and the waitstaff a tad pretentious.  There was a single lady in the booth next to us and she wanted to move to a seat by the window.  The restaurant was pretty empty, so you wouldn't think it a problem.  However, when the lady requested the table change from the server, she was told that she would have to ask the front desk before she could change seats... Like it was a real big deal in a nearly empty restaurant. So... She stayed where she was until the server cleared her seat change with the front desk and allowed her to move. I've never even asked a server if I could change seats... I've always just done it on my own. If someone would have told me I needed to check with the front desk before I could change seats, I would have probably just walked out.  Why stay and purchase a high dollar meal after that?We chose to eat here as Acme and Felix's had long lines. The atmosphere is more upscale and stuffy. We were tired from traveling and did not enjoy the atmosphere in the dining room. It is the type of dining where the waiter places the napkin on your lap for you. You also have a separate server for drinks and water. We wish we had been sitting at the bar instead as we enjoyed watching the shucking when walking by the bar as we left. There is also a unique seafood tower display at the bar which I have not seen anywhere else. The bar is the heart of this restaurant.
The barbecue shrimp was amazing and the prawns were very large. The entree salads were minimal in ingredients and I would recommend passing on these. The wedge salad was lettuce and dressing for $9. Go to Walk-On's for great entree salads. 
My friend and I had seafood and it was delicious, although not worth the price. It was a unique seafood experience and we enjoyed it, but would not return to dine again on those entrees which included the Fresh Gulf Seafood Showcase. If you want to go for seafood, try the barbecue shrimp over other entrees. 
The favorite experience at Bourbon house was the Bourbon flight. A choice of three delicious Bourbons for $16. My friend loves Bourbon and she had a blast trying the flight. I highly recommend any flight at the Bourbon House. 
Our recommendation if you end up at the Bourbon House is to sit at the bar, enjoy a Bourbon flight, and go during happy hour for reduced pricing, especially for oysters. Eat at Acme or Felix's for great seafood entrees as the lines there speak a thousand words.They accommodated us right before closing. Food was delicious and service was awesome.Awful service. We couldnt even laugh. The waiter hushed us. For the pricing not worth itThis place is awesome!  It's a beautiful restaurant with great windows for watching people on Bourbon St. The food and service were both friendly, prompt, and attentive both times I've eaten here. The oysters from the raw bar were huge, fresh, and tasted great! The BBQ shrimp has an amazing cream sauce that you will want to lick off the plate. This place oftentimes has no wait or a much shorter wait than Acme or Felix's, so it's definitely worth checking out, especially their (much more affordable) lunch menu. Try the BBQ shrimp po-boy, you won't be sorry.We went to the Bourbon House after reading great reviews and were BEYOND disappointed. We had made reservations in advance and still had to wait 30 minutes for them to seat us. We saw other tables get seated and we were told multiple times that they were 'paying the bill,' very disappointing. Then when we were seated our waiter was closing out a table directly behind us. It took him 20 minutes, during which time we sat without bread or even an acknowledgement from him. We had a 'drink server' help us but he would only bring us drinks, nothing else. After ordering we waited an hour for our food which was NOTHING out of this world. At no point did anyone come and apologize for he long wait time even though we asked several times to check on our food. Once we finally finished and asked for our bill, it took our server a ridiculous amount of time to get our bill, process cards and give change( of which he kept his tip and did not give us back the exact change according to the bill). As soon as we sat we had let him know we wanted separate checks, so no idea why this happened. Avoid this restaurant unless you want to waste a night in New Orleans on long wait times, under trained staff, a mismanaged restaurant & mediocre food.Ah, Bourbon.........how can corn be so exquisite.....but age it 23 years and......voila.....magique!
Go here to drink every Bourbon ever made.....at fair prices.... And excellent Po Boy sandwiches....and seafood....and Good, Friendly service
But don't forget the Bourbon.....go here for Bourbon....Bourbon...
PNot sure what Mark L.'s review was talking about, because our service was exceptional. We had such a great experience the first night with Marc our waiter that we could not wait to go again, so we did the next night. Patrick set the tone when he seated us and we requested Marc again. We had the Redfish on the half-shell both nights. We will remember this meal and restaurant and guarantee we will return on our next visit to New Orleans.I probably wouldn't come back here. The food was ok. Not great. Nothing stuck out on the menu. I asked the server what was popular and he recommended a red tail fish with crab? I don't even remember. The fish was bland. Didn't have any flavoring. The only plus was the raw oysters were big. But do not be fooled since it is the first restaurant you pass on BourbonHad the rock fish creole topped with crab.  Fish was dry and overcooked. The amount of dry pieces of crab on top was insignificant as to add anything to the dish.  Started with the seafood gumbo, which was the meal's only saving grace.  Very disappointed.This is a nice space with generally good to excellent food and sometimes inconsistent service.  I'm also happy they make some attempts at enforcing a dress code so you don't have to eat amongst people who look like barefoot savages.  I've been to several private parties here but usually I prefer to eat at the oyster bar and they do have consistently good oysters.  This place is a bit pricey so it loses some mojo for value but the food is certainly what you pay for and has always been very good with a very nice ambiance that is both classic and comfortable.  This is certainly a place to visit and enjoy some good food and drink!Ended up a bit randomly having dinner there on our first evening in NOLA.
Got seats at the bar which ended being a great option. Staff was awesome and food was very good too. 
Don't miss the charbroiled oysters with crawfish and the fried green tomatoes. 
Would have given 5 stars however our food took forever to come. We didn't really care as it was pouring outside and we had a great time chatting with the staff but could see how this would be a pb to some. 
They however made up for it by offering desserts and having their Chef coming in person at some point with our dish. All in all a great experience and we will go back for more oysters!BRUTAL! Avoid at all costs. There is a reason it's one of the only places on bourbon street with no wait. Food came out cold and poorly presented.Had a great buffet style dinner for our company dinner. Seafood, meats and cheeses were displayed nicely and were equally delicious. The bartender knew his drinks and was quick and attentive to all of us. I would imagine that the regular menu would be equally as good.I was in NOLA for a scientific conference, was walking around Bourbon street and appreciated seeing a place that appeared elegant and comfortable. Sadly, though, it did not live up to expectations. First, we tried to make a reservation and the hostess recommended we just come back when we wanted to eat. That would have been fine, except when we came back the hostess appeared annoyed/pissed off at life and was not pleasant with anyone. The same issue with the bartender, she just seemed like she hated her job and was annoyed with every customer she was serving - a total sourpuss. That put a bit of a bad spin on the first portion of the evening, but we were willing to continue to be open minded.
The servers (there are two, one for drinks/desserts and the other for food) were very professional. However, the food took a very long time to arrive and ultimately our main course was served to us 2 hours after we returned/arrived. The food was delicious, but there is amazing food everywhere around the area so they really need to be something special to be worthwhile. Recommend going elsewhere.This was a great place for lunch, which by the way, is the only time they serve their bbq shrimp po'boys.  You have to have one of these.  We got the bourbon milkshake as well and it was tasty. I'd eat here again.Not my first time in New Orleans. I came alone and sat at the bar, Everything seemed fine until the customer beside me grabbed napkins from the bar to blow his nose then line them up at the bar for the bar tenders that grab your limes & lemons barehanded to pick up. I asked a worker opening oysters if there was a open seat at the end of the bar & got told "yes just 1" the guy was so annoyed when I asked if he could tell my tender I'm switching so I said never mind I'll tell him. When Sunshine the bar tender came back I told him I will be switching seats a little down and he said ok very sarcastically then under his breath said "have fun with that". After hearing him say that I tried to motion to him why I was switching without saying what had happened out loud. He shrugged. I'm not sure why I received such rudeness but maybe it's because I was alone everyone else in groups. After moving & reviving my food (The fried catfish, shrimp, and oyster platter) it came with 3 shrimp 4 small pieces of catfish & 1 small dried piece of oyster. Yes 1 piece. At this point I thought everything was a joke. I asked the new bar tender was this the norm and he said no he will get me more. I waited for those and really couldn't believe of the 300 places in 1 mile this was the place I chose to spend $32 on my meal. Never again. I attached a picture of my plate with my 1 fried oyster.Went for a late evening dessert and coffee. Atmosphere has old New Orleans feel. Enjoyed the chocolate pecan crunch (my favorite) and new roads pecan pie.I expected something better. I thought the oysters would be superb and they weren't very good. The crab fingers also weren't good and this was supposed to be their specialty. The bread also was bad. I wouldn't recommend.I don't think I would have ever chosen to eat here, but SO GLAD it happened. Can I just say, GET THE CHARBROILED OYSTERS. Please, for my sake. They were heavenly. My only regret coming to New Orleans for the weekend was not getting a full dozen. 
We made a late reservation for 9:00 PM and arrived a few minutes early. When we checked in, we were told (very confidently, might I add) that our "table was just getting cleared up" and that we were be seated soon. That's great, we thought. I had read previous reviews cautioning that people with reservations still have to wait some time before being seated, so I already came with that expectation. Also, it was a Friday night on Bourbon Street - pretty sure it was gonna be packed. We overheard that the wait was about an hour for people who just dropped in, so we felt pretty good about making the reservation online weeks in advance. Thirty minutes later, and the pangs of hunger as we smelled the wafts of food from the kitchen, we asked about the table again. They profusely apologized about the wait and seated us a few minutes after that.
I started off with one of the classic drinks, the Bourbon Milk Punch, which was a perfect "adult milkshake". So creamy, so decadent. And filling. The larger size was only $10, and I would highly recommend getting it. It was so worth it and doubled as a dessert since we got another one halfway through the meal. One of the beautiful things about New Orleans is that you can take your drink to go, so no worries about not finishing it. You definitely will though.
We had our hearts set on the Alligator Boudin, but it was all out!! To be honest, I am so glad they were out because we changed it up and got the half dozen of the charbroiled oysters and the shrimp & andouille gumbo. THOSE OYSTERS THOUGH. The Creole bordelaise butter oh-so nicely complemented the flash broiled oysters. I cannot express how delicious they were. You just have to get it. 
For the entrée, I got the swamp pig pasta for all of the yummy selections that were in it. I was most excited about the crawfish tails in it and was not disappointed at all. I'm always a little skeptical of pastas that include seafood, because they are always so skimpy with the amount of seafood to pasta ratio. Again, they did not disapoint and there was a good balance of the pork belly, crawfish tails, and fried oyster in the pasta. I didn't really care for the fried oysters, only because my world was rocked by the charbroiled oysters that I had as an appetizer that I just had.  
The ambiance was nice, with music playing in the background. We had a view of Bourbon Street so we could see all the passersby and sometimes hear the music outside. We had a corner booth, which was intimate enough where we didn't feel like someone was encroaching in our personal space. The staff was friendly and attentive, without constantly checking in. We were so full by the end of the meal, with plenty of leftovers, but we were able to finish our drinks and box up our food without feeling rushed out. 
Overall, would recommend this place (GET THE OYSTERS. Oh, and the Bourbon Milk Punch too). It is pricier than what I usually go for, but we had our reasons to celebrate. Finally, Bourbon House is right on Bourbon Street, so you can walk off some of the food you just ate...or continue the night with some Hand Grenades at Tropical Isle down the street.I absolutely love this place!!!!  They have the BEST grilled oysters w/crawfish.  When I'm in town, this place is a must.  Oooooooh and the Bourbon milk!!!!I came here for lunch while I was in New Orleans for a conference. Mostly, I stopped in because it was close to the conference hotels (Marriott and Sheraton) and because I had eaten here the last time I came to NOLA and had had a good dinner experience.
It is definitely on the higher end, but I walked out with a $23 lunch including a $5 tip (no drinks) and a full and happy belly. The service was great; the place was pretty empty, but it was late in the lunch window. They had the whole "team based" approach to service, and I felt like it was well-coordinated.
Now for food...so if you can set aside any concerns about overall health or cholesterol, you will leave satisfied. A fried recommended I try the "New Orleans BBQ shrimp" and I did. It was incredible! Not BBQ like backyard ribs BBQ, but more of a balsamic-ey, rosemary, Worcestershire, butter BBQ. And as if the sauce wasn't enough on the shrimp, they also include a delectably buttery cornbread roll to mop up the rest of it with, if you aren't able to resist the temptation...and I wasn't.
I also had the smoked duck breast salad (maybe with spinach? that I don't remember), and it was also very good. Acceptable amount of duck in it, and it was smoked to perfection.
Not the biggest portions, but I normally eat too much anyway. With a couple of tears off of the huge and mega-crusty bread they slide on your table, I was totally satisfied.
Definitely recommend it!Nice bourbon flight with decent oysters and smoked redfish dip for a mid afternoon snack.We went here to celebrate my birthday.  Great food and very nice staff.  I had the the Red fish on the half shell with lump crab meat and it was delicious.  Also the barbecue shrimp appetizer was great.  Would definitely go back again.We were in the mood for a raw bar and Luke's bar was small and overpacked had tried to go there several times with no success. With that said we decided the Bourbon House was a wonderful alternative. I am gonna say right now that I thought it was so much better. Mid afternoon it was the perfect stop in the French district right off of bourbon street. My husband must have eaten a poboy a day and he thought bourbon house had the best for a very fair price. We sat at the shucker bar they were great and very entertaining. The oysters were great as were the chilled shrimp. I would definitely go there again next time I'm in NOLA! Next time the crab fingers in butter will be my first order itwmThis is the only place we like to dine at in the French Quarter!  After viewing the sites along Bourbon Street, and the surrounding area, this is THE place to go to to unwind and enjoy a great meal!  Don't let the fact that there is no long line out the door fool you!  When you walk in you'll receive a pager that usually goes off within 5 to 20 minutes.  Relax at the bar while you wait, or in the chairs along the wall.  I recently tried the bbq shrimp appetizer everyone seems to be raving about, and they were DELICIOUS!!!!  Oh, and don't get anything fried here!  You can have fried food anywhere else!  Enjoy!Wow this place is slow. Granted its after a Saints home game but still. Slow is slow!!! App took forever, and meals were slower. Sorry, hate to be a downer but truth hurts!!The service I would rate a 4/5 but the food I had mixed feelings for. For appetizer, my mom and I ordered the grilled oysters and added crab meat to the top; the appetizer was delicious! If I could rate the meals individually, I would rate that dish 5/5 stars. The lunch/dinner unfortunately went downhill after the appetizer however. I had ordered the Bourbon bbq shrimp po boy, and it wasn't anything special. I would rate the shrimp dish a 3.5/5 for it was a bit too salty for my liking, and the chips that came on the side were soggy and over-covered in salt! My mom's dish was a 2/5-- she had ordered the shrimp gumbo, and it was basically a salty liquid. She was so unhappy with her dish that she finished mine after she couldn't even finish hers.