This was our first visit to Bourbon Heat. It was a Tuesday night and we were seated immediately on the patio. The server was very helpful and friendly. Shortly after ordering my boys heard a strange sound and then saw a rather large rat scurry by the palm trees near the patio wall. We ignored it the first time until the rat later shimmied its way up the palm and then dropped to the patio deck right next to our table. Without the furry critters, I would rate this restaurant a 3. Our poboys were delicious and arrived hot and tasty. My meal of shrimp and alligator sausage gumbo was served luke warm but had a wonderful taste. We used a Groupon, so we saved a bit on price but I'm not sure I would return without one based on the menu prices.This place was great, the food was delicious and  he staff is SO friendly. I would recommend it to anyone visiting New Orleans.We were at the restaurant that has the same name. I asked about using my "Yelp check in" coupon and was told that was for the night club next door. Food was poor. They had a crawfish special going on but it was cooked hours before and served with old corn and cold potatoes. Beers were just warm, they were buy one get one but then the 2nd was really warm.. Wouldn't eat at the restaurant side again.Had a blast in VIP  Music was good and our host made sure we had fun Security was great tooAwesome rock guitarist on Sundays, such a chill fun vibe and not as loud as other places. Good strong drinks and all around nice atmosphere. Walked in here after multiple places and sat for quite a while.. Highly recommended!I liked Bourbon Heat.  
Has a little something for everyone. 
Like previous reviews stated, it's a 3-in-1 bar.  
You have the downstairs, which consists of the front bar, really cool and fashinable.  A lot of delicious elixers to choose from and decorated nicely.  
In the back, you have a large spacious patio with another small bar and restrooms.  During the winter-time, they have heaters all over the patio, which really makes it nice when it's cold.  We came here twice, just because they had heaters and no one else did on Bourbon.  They also have food to order in the back patio.
Walking upstairs, it's divided into two parts.  
1) Huge dance floor with a bar and a DJ spinning the latest Pop music and Hip-Hop/Rap music.  Perfect place to dance and make romance. 
2) Outside they have a large balcony which is perfect for people watching.  During Mardi-Gras season, it's even more fun, watching the various parades (crewes) coming down the street.Mediocre wings ribs and gumbo good yam fries tho too bad they could not substance salad with reg friesGreat music! I love the separation of the sit down bar and the dance area. I have never been treated with as much respect from the bar staff/management/security at any other bourbon street bar... Or any bar for that matter... as I was at this location. They were amazing! Had a slight issue with an aggressive man over a spilt drink (which happens when ur on a dance floor) and it was handled quickly and with respect towards my group and myself. I wish they all wore name tags or I remembered their names better because I would personally thank them for the kindness and understanding they showed me. I've never had bar staff/management treat me or my group of friends as well as they did. I will never forget the kindness they showed us. I will recommend to everyone I know! :DLike another poster the workers were beckoning us to enter and we did. My wife and I were a bit hesitant but enesed up loving the food. Coming g from Cali, the chips and Salsa we're ok but the the Gator and Cajun Sausage sampler was outstanding. My girls loved it too much to my surprise. They killed the Gator sausage and the wings they ordered were gone in a flash. My wife had the etoueffe and my Poboy was very good.
My only ding was on the price. Maybe cause it was Bourbon Street but it was a bit highFrom the entirely too long wait, to running out of gumbo and smashed potato, to half bald rats running through, over cooked rice, one small but tasty piece of sausage and fried pickles extra briney and greasy. Too bad, great band.Hands down, the worst place I've ever eaten.  Got my drinks wrong and my gumbo was lukewarm and slimy.We sat in the courtyard to listen to live music and relax a bit. Jerry Henry is the friendliest server on Bourbon!This is a three-part watering hole. If you're in a sizable group, looking to please everyone, 711 Bourbon Street is a great spot for the night - or at least part of it. 
Downstairs: It's the first part of the trio. Get IDed, and walk into a tiny, narrow bar that's brightly lit and with plenty of TVs and bar stools. Jam out to the music and watch all the party freaks walk through the door. There's a sign advertising the 3-for-1 special (certain brands only. On this particular night it was Stoli and Captain Morgan).
Upstairs: it's more of a club-like experience. Apparently there's bottle service, a small dance floor area, an even smaller stage with a resident emcee with a slight behavior resemblance to The Situation ... and a really rude bartender. i didn't get his name, but he had an issue with my recently expired ID, even though I had already been carded downstairs. Prepared for such a sitch, I showed him my birth certificate. "It says your occupation is housewife," he sassily says to me. Uhhhh, "that's my mom's occupation. If it were my occupation at the time, it'd say 'baby." For the rest of the night, we were ignored, yet he had no hesitation serving the other crowds. Dunno what his deal was.
The best part of 711 Bourbon Heat, as others have mentioned, is the downstairs courtyard. I discovered this quaint area in route to the restroom, which, out of the *entire* venue, there is only one restroom. 
I'd check out this venue again. Hopefully, better service would be provided.10/10 place!!! If you're looking to dance and more importantly PARTY! THIS IS YOUR PLACE TO BE. Head upstairs and you get all the bops, all the fun, and all twerking you need in your lifetime. Go have fun kids.First night in NOLA had dinner here and I was not impressed. Chicken was not cooked, food was bland and unseasoned, and just overall did not taste good. I would not recommend this restaurant.The and was slaying it..They played purple rain, it was just amazing. The bartender was a lovely and she made killer bloody Mary. This place has crazy energy and it's better than most groups in NolaWay overpriced for lunch. Beware of the soft drink prices. Just get the water. The soda was flat. The food was good and the service was fine.I went there and met up with Rocky the resident dj. Very impressed with the layout of this club/bar. The owner, from what I learned, open the doors new years eve. and has been improving everything ever since with sparing no expense.  
My first walkthru took me to the first bar which I here by designate the "tourister's bar" cause it's connected to the outside street. Passerby's can "duck in" have a drink and enjoy the music from the dj upstairs. 
Next was the trip to the back bar next to the patio. This set up was extremely impressive and quiet. Video DJ set up with video screens on the walls and around the bar. On Bourbon Street? With no stripper pole? Yep, more proof that the owners want a different feel to his place. I heard good music at a level where you can enjoy it and have a conversation. The atmosphere there was good and separated from the excitement of the front bar. 
Next was the trip upstairs to where the DJ (Rocky) played. Up a winding staircase and you enter a large room.  This was the club portion of Bourbon Heat. Intel lighting, massive sound system and in the middle of the floor sat the large full bar. Next to that was the balcony leading to the outside. Being a former dj though I kinda glazed over the rest of the room and paid a lot of attention to the lights and sounds, so I have to go back to finish that part of this review lol sorry.  But all in all I was impressed that someone would dive in and put a real New York style dance club smack in the middle of Bourbon street.  It's way different and i hope it last.  
Only two negatives though (there has to be something).....Inattentive bartenders....I waited 10 minutes for one BT to acknowledge I was standing in front of her. (it was hectic though but no excuses). I ended up going downstairs to the Touister's bar where I purchased a 5.50 domestic beer???  I got pulled back to the moment that this is a bar on Bourbon street so I have to expect those prices. (somebody got bills to pay lol)
I'll defiantly be back with friends. Rocky told me as i was leaving that "the owner wanted to bring something new to that area". my reply "Its different." It felt as if the wanted to bring the local dance club scene to that part and show off and i cant wait to follow it 
PeacerzRandomly came in for a beer one evening whilst out in the Quarter. The guy playing Stevie Ray Vaughn was a nice touch. I paid $7.50 for a Yuengling on draft. A bit pricey. But the service was good and so where the tunes. A-OK in my book.Came in here on Mardi Gras afternoon and danced a bit and enjoyed the heated patio. The DJ was pretty funny and she was rocking the house and even had an old lady come up on stage and flash her tata's several times.  That lady was either really drunk or just a cool cat who didn't care. LOL The drinks were good and they had a decent size dance floor, which was absolutely packed for an afternoon. But it was a nice place to get out of the rain and use the facilities and get a few drinks.  One of the bars outside even sold 10 shots of Cinnamon Shots for $5, needless to say that got the afternoon started off right and got us motivated to go back to the hotel to get our costumes on. Nice place to stop in on and I hear the food is great too.Chandler (manager) and Deon (our server).... Awesome customer service. Thank you my friends. Us New Yorkers don't know anything about this kind of customer service. You made Bourbon Heat our new favorite place in New Orleans. RESPECT.Loved the service from Danielle! She was so sweet, quick and even took our picture. Food and drinks were delish for a good price.Fun, loud joint, with a *real* dance floor! By far the largest dance floor I saw in New Orleans. Don't try to ask for wine...this is a beer and cocktails joint. =) Very limited seating. The band started at 7.BEST fried catfish in my life! Crispy outside, so fresh & flaky inside. Red beans & jambalaya also good. Get the sampler so you can try 3 different foods. This IS an outdoor courtyard so ignore other negative reviews & eat here. I'm so glad we did. The band on 5/19 was awesome too.We came here to get a quick bite and ended up staying for hours because of the 2-for-1 beer special. Our server, Ben, was so wonderful and friendly! 
I ordered the red beans and rice (no additions), which, at $14, was the least expensive item on the menu. It's definitely a pricier place, especially for lunch. It was delicious, though!I was only going to be in New Orleans one day, and I purchased a Groupon a month prior in anticipation of getting some good gumbo. When we arrived, the Sunday THREE days after Thanksgiving, we were greeted with signs everywhere stating that due to a special event no groupons were being accepted. Seriously?? We decided to try it anyway. We ordered both Gumbo's and were brought two very small portions for the price. The gator/shrimp gumbo contained undercooked rice and very chewy gator sausage. The chicken/sausage gumbo was decent but I've had better. There was only one other table of customers during a bustling lunch time. I don't think this place will be around much longer.This is one of the livest places in NOLA. Had a great time. Specifically Charles. He was very hospitable and made us feel welcome in NOLA. He's great and very energetic. Please visit this spot!!!My friend's purse got stolen during a private party. While she did leave her purse unattended, the management allowed unauthorized people into the private party, and this is most likely why my friends purse was stolen. Additionally, the management is charging my friend for plant repotting, claiming that she ripped the plant out of the pot (see attached photos--this plant was obviously removed a long time ago). After spending $5,000 on a tab here (and not using all of it), I was expecting more. I was hoping for a fun night in New Orleans, but this establishment has not been helpful. We have been accused of things we did not do, all in search of my friends bag.What a fun club to go to while our group was at Mardi Gras!! A promoter came out and let our large group in for free! I like that the upstairs is the club and the downstairs is the seating area, which gave us time to relax from dancing. The club is very upbeat with techno and hip-hop, as well as great lights to go with the beat. It is definitely very spacious so space wasn't a problem especially during Mardi Gras. Also, the cover to get back in was $5, which isn't that bad at all.Omg !!! I dont know where to start !! 
First off the club is a restaurant that's downstairs and every great food !! Anywhooo I'm not here to tell y'all about the food the staffs are nice they have some cute ones too that I toot my booty on every now it'll and then 21 or order get a wristband and under age get a marker on they hand they have cover fees 2 bars up stars and 1 down stars if u don't like a lot of people i do not recommend this place the DJ have great music tease I love how he don't play bounce music a lot they are always Stars in there n they have VIP SECTIONS TO U CAN smoke but smoke outside sways from cameras ;) if u kno wat I mean it's all positive vibes ! I love this place I meet a lot of people here every night  ! Essence fest bayou classic weekends is wen the door fee like 20$ but it's worth it but it's amazingly cold in there but when u drunk you'll be begging for the air wish they let me post videos but yeah lolMy friend who recently moved to NOLA loves this place (a little too much if you ask me). They play a lot of hip hop - like real hip hop, stuff I've never even heard before. I think overall I had fun because I met people here that were very cool and hung out with them the rest of the night. Also there is a balcony looking out over bourbon street and people were throwing ice off of it and hitting the people walking by on the street which made me realize that's what was "falling" from the balconies earlier when we were strolling the streets. A bit immature of the crowd it seems... that stuff wouldn't fly in SF, LA, or Vegas so they need to chill off of that.Might be a nice club but don't eat the food.   It's horrible!  It's beyond overpriced, even for Bourbon Street. If you're looking for authentic look elsewhere.Came here on my last day in New Orleans which so happen to be Fat Tuesday. This place is a big place and consist of 3 sections: downstairs bars, courtyard grill, and bourbon heat upstairs. Nice size dance floor, good music, good dj, and decent priced drinks (and a balcony that cost at the time because of mard. One of the better clubs on bourbon street if you ask me, I just regret not going sooner.At this point during my NOLA NYE trip, I only remembered a few things from this club. The DJs played more electronic mixed with hip hop and that made this experience enjoyable.
There always is a line to get in but we never waited long. There are two stories. The second story is more lively and kicking. The DJ accepted requests so I requested Drake's Hot Line Bling, and he literally shook his head no!Good happy hour, open seating. Bloody Mary is as strong as I've had on Bourbon street.This used to be a decent choice for bourbon street / basic food and snacks.. Prices were always stupid high but with a groupon you could deal with it.. Now they took some of the best appetizers off the menu, looks like they got rid of the grill, and broke out the velveta cheese and chips.. Total waste of time, go ANYWHERE else..Just got back from my NOLA trip and my group had the worst experience at Bourbon Heat. This bar/restaurant was first of all dirty and the service there was horrible..The bouncer was overly rude and had some type of Napoleon complex lol.  Honestly if you are on Bourbon Street go somewhere else and don't waste your time here even if there is a groupon special ...its not worth it. For an establishment that has been there for 5+ years and is in a prime location it's sad and strange there are just 20 reviews....
TL;DR Go somewhere else this place sucked.The staff is nice but the food is bland and over priced. Also the doorman shakes you down for a tip when you're leaving. He wants money even though you just came to his place to spend money. Maybe that's what is expected on Bourbon Street, but I was shocked by it and I don't care for it.Amon was our server he was great. Unfortunately the food wasn't as good as the service. The Catfish Layfette was pretty good. We also order the gumbo and it came out cold.  Amon took the gumbo back only to come out with ANOTHER cold gumbo!!! After not eating that, we ordered the blackened chicken pasta. The chicken was delicious but the pasta was mushy and just disappointing. The small outdoor set up was pretty cool and the fans kept it breezy.This venue was ok, not much room for dancing.  I walked in just to listen to the music.  Heard a band playing Jimi Hendrix "Hey Joe" the singer and his band did an awesome job.  The drinks were over priced. Deals for beer drinkers as always (2 for 1) , asked for vodka and cranberry juice. Told out of cranberry juice, asked about wine (selection was limited and cheap) so I had a Malibu Rum with Pineapple juice (not my favorite choice) in a small dixie cup for $10.50 which was ridiculous to me.  The bartender a female  was nice and cool, not her fault the bar is limited. I stayed for a drink and a few songs and left to continue bar hopping until the wee hours of the morning LOL.I enjoyed my time here. They had live music and the musician was good and talented. My drink was very good and my bartenders knew had to hold a conversation and didn't over pour my drinks. I would come back here.I had a groupon for this place and it sucked big times. I ordered a bowl of chicken and sausage gumbo that was priced at I believe at 17 dollars and I probably got 3 tablespoons full. The picture shows a large bowl but this was a joke. It did taste good but they must have a groupon bowl and regular bowl. This was disappointing to me. Over priced big timeThis place has a small menu, super overpriced and small portions. The gumbo was tasty but mostly on rice. The plates were shallow and everything has an up charge. Drinks were 2 for 1 served in the same glass. I.e. they say "2-4-1" but serve you one drink filled with lots and lots of food ice.  Groupon won on this deal Groupon 1-myself -0. Bonus is the live music here.late afternoon, got ushered in by door guy, patio has more cool misters than disneyworld combined, youll get drenched just sitting here.  gumbo is great!Tried this place because it was advertised on Groupon as $30 for a meal  for two. I thought I t look good but that's just it it looks good but does not taste good. They tax the mess out of you and it's ridiculousWhen my husband and I came here for dinner a couple of days ago on there were so many negative incidents that we eventually just walked out.  First, there was no hostess to greet us and we just wandered into the dining area until we asked a waiter for a table. Second, a large group of guys sitting next to us walked out and got loud because they waited over 30 minutes and didn't get their appetizers yet and they were being overcharged on a drink special. Third, we were asked twice to change our food order because they didn't have chicken and then the fryer didn't work for nachos. The most upsetting part was that the manager didn't even care about customer service or the fact that people were upset that they had no food.  Maybe the bar side is better, but given the amount of complaints, I doubt it.Good food - great staff- so fun made us feel so welcome. We went back because they were so cool. The patio area is so pretty.Two words....Just...in. Just go. Promise. And I don't lie. Best bartender on Bourbon. Ain't no lie.Super fun on a Friday & Saturday night! Come early and go to the upstairs dance floor to avoid the late night cover charge, although it isn't much! Drinks are a bit more expensive then other bars on the same street. Four stars because the bartenders, host, and DJ's are so friendly and really made it fun!Cold Drinks and HOT FUN!  Wow this place is perfect for a group of people- even picky people!  Went out with group of girls, everyone was happy- those who wanted to dance got to, those who wanted to talk hung downstairs in the courtyard, some of us hung on balcony  and of course we all had a blast!  Something for everyone- IN ONE SPOT!! LOVED IT!!Great location and friendly atmosphere right in the heart of Bourbon street. Also great live music!They have a rat problem it's utterly disgusting and when we complained the waitress told us to move if we don't like it. And the bartender is extremely rude she aggressively threw a cup at us and my friend threw the cup back on the bar floor and she told us to get out and when I asked her why she threw the cup at us she denied doing it. Obviously the worst customer service you'll ever see in your lifeOur favorite bar in New Orleans! Great decor, vibe, music, crowd and drinks! We will definitely return! We had the most fun mostly because of the live music. Perfect in every way!tried this place for the groupon. Food was my least favorite i had in NOLA. it wasnt terrible. definitely edible, but there are just so many great places to eat. server was very polite and friendly. reason for the 1 star instead of 2 or 3 is that shortly after we finished eating, my wife and i saw either a large mouse or a rat in the dining area, probably about 20 feet from our table near the wall. to be fair, there are large doors that stay open at the front of the restaurant. i dont feel that bourbon heat is dirty or unsanitary, but it was unsettling.Went to this little Bourbon Street gem our first night in New Orleans.  Let me just say it was gosh darn cold in New Orleans that night.  We asked our waitress, Kizzy, if we could be seated inside.  She took us upstairs to the night club section, which wasn't open yet for the evening, and it was perfect!  Her service was excellent, to the point of letting me try the alligator sausage before ordering it.  The food was outstanding and the music, which we could hear from below was fabulous!  Thanks for a great beginning of our stay in New Orleans!We were beckoned in by a man who boisterously suggested we get drinks and appetizers in their patio area. Typically this sort of restaurant "prosthelitizing" is a huge turn off for me, an indicator that it's a tourist spot desperate for business. My group felt it was worth a shot, though, so we decided to try it out.
My boyfriend and I ordered the shrimp and alligator sausage gumbo to share and for $14, I gotta say, I had higher hopes for the portion size. Very flavorful, rice was a touch undercooked. 
Our friend got fries and spring rolls, which were also overpriced.
Hurricanes were $11.75, which is a bit overpriced for the area.
Edit: Their check-in deal offer for $2 off mixed drink doesn't work. Showed that I had checked in to our server and she told us she needed a code for it to work. In my experience, with check in deals, there is typically no code. You show a business that you redeemed the offer and it's all good.$220 per person to reserve an all inclusive balcony from 8pm-11pm fat Tuesday.  The reason I give this only 2 stars is because we were not allowed to use the bathroom on the upstairs floor.  We had to walk through the crowd, downstairs, and outdoors on the patio. Everytime being heckled to sell my wristband so they could get on the patio. The bathrooms upstairs I was told was for VIP only.  What does $220 buy? Ridiculous.  Great girl bar tender and music. Bad accommodations for limited ticket buyers.  I'll look for somewhere more accommodating next time.Purchased a groupon for food here. I was initially hesitant because the website makes it seem like a club and I really just wanted a place to eat. Thankfully, it worked out fine. They have outdoor shadey seating with misters going to keep you cool. The food was delicious and all the staff was super friendly!Chris was the shit! He told us to come in for a good time and he wasn't lying! We didn't eat any food but we had drinks and they were pretty strong- not a bad thing!This place is so much fun. Good music, great customer service, and a nice Courtyard. Highly recommend the staff is super accommodating come on in and give it a try. We came in during a Thursday afternoon business was slow but yet music was playing 2 for 1 drinks and nice stuff.The smell was intoxicating the food was ok, we sat in patio area and had a huge rat run right above our head along the balcony and climb some wires and disappear into the door below. Where many servers where in and out of for supplies. I got pooped on 3 times while waiting for food by the birds overhead (never seen any, moved seats, still pooped on) food was ok nothing to brag about GROUPONED the coupon $30 for two I think still had to pay extra chicken was tiny portioned but smashed potatoes were amazing. Service left to a lot to be desired.The extra star is for the fun doormen and awesome patrons... Otherwise one star suits it well. When you walk past it's inviting! Decent music and a fun crowd, but my issue. Main. Huge. Issue. Was one of the bartenders. We paid for our drinks, tipped well over 20%, and I thought all was good. But when my sister wanted another drink... The bartender blatantly ignored my sister. Why? It was not busy enough to skip over people...on a Tuesday. I threw a fit and asked one of the doormen to check the bartender. His response? "'Must be tip related" Well. I work in service too. I know the drill. But if you're going to ignore a guest, ask the people RIGHT next to them if they're okay and be a queen about not getting the amount you wished for well..... you probably shouldn't work in service! Other than that and the mega dirty, bug infested courtyard, it was a fun portion of the night pre-bartender hissy fit. Good last resort when your night is winding down!Went last night for pride night. Chilled on the first floor, but really turned up on the 2nd floor. Totally worth the $5 cover. Was able to hang out and take pics on the balcony too. DJ could have been better. The music would just stop during transitions, totally killed the vibe at times. But the selection was awesome. Old vibes and new dance songs.I wish I could give this place negative stars. Was here for dinner on 3/16. The worst service and food any of the four of us ever experienced. The rice was crunchy, gumbo was runny in a snot like texture, shrimp rubbery. Waited forever to get any type of service or refill on drinks or water. I have told anyone I know visiting New Orleans to stay far far away from here.Francis was awesome!!  Ask for him :). Great Palomas and bloodys!!  We'll definitely be back!  Thank y'all!!Not the best place to go on Bourbon St. My wife and I went on the 1st Saints pre-season game. They had a promo 3 4 1 and free shots for every Saints TD. Well to begin the  3 4 1 turned into 2 4 1. The drinks were not strong at all. Plus we ordered food and they were out of gumbo so I had to pick something else. The food was not seasoned the way I thought New Orleans food should have been. Didn't stick around long enough to even see if they were going to give out free shots.Great drinks and food! Glad we stopped by. My drink is server recommended "liquid marijuana". Delicious!Lots of better places to drink or eat in the French Quarter. Rude employees and poor service. Pass it by.Had live music, great beer selection and a gorgeous bartender.We actually didn't go for the club, but for dinner, as we had a Groupon. No one came to greet us when we sat down, and we got tired of waiting so found some menus ourselves. We then knew what we wanted, but still no one had come to take our orders or provide water or drinks. We took a bathroom break, came back, and still nothing. After 15-20 minutes, we finally went and asked for someone and got a waitress. She ended up being really cool. This place had lives music, but it's in a hectic area obviously. Don't eat lunch or dinner here if you're expecting peaceful (I mean, it's on Bourbon Street, so what do you expect). Our food ended up being super tasty, so overall I'm pleased with my experience. It wasn't my favorite place to eat in NOLA, but still worth checking out if you're hungry on Bourbon Street.OMG,!!!!!!!I had the Chicken and ribs cooked by Brianna. Amazing food and the Bloody Mary was huge and very good!!Host was super friendly. We sat down quickly but waited 15 minutes to be greeted by a server. There were 3 waitresses walking around outside with only 5 tables out there but no one came by. A table of 4 sat down next to us and were greeted almost immediately and got drinks. We got up and walked out.Full of smoke machines I didn't love that at all and wouldn't honor the coupon that came up when I checked in on yelp which means it needs to be removed. I had a couple bottles of water only bcus I had really had all I needed before coming here. Lol. The music was amazing. The DJ had the club dancing until 4am. It was a nice night out. I'd definitely recommend going here if you can handle the smoke machines on full blastTried this place out when we saw a sign saying "bottomless mimosas" even though it was a Sunday night. I thought maybe the deal only applied in the morning but their "recruiter" said sure that deal was still going on, no problem! He sat us on the patio and when the waiter approached I asked about the bottomless mimosas. He said they weren't offering it anymore and I said "well your guy out front said I could get it" and he said well that guy is an idiot. Okay, great! He said they were offering 2 for 1 drinks that night which means double alcohol not 2 separate drinks. Drinks were good, music was good too. Only stayed for the one drink. Their bathroom is DARK! I wondered how on earth I was going to pee in the dark when I noticed the bathroom attendant open a stall door in the corner that was better lit. Otherwise you'd be peeing in the dark. Bathroom pretty dirty too. Attendant didn't do anything other than open that door for me but tipped her anyway cuz who wouldn't? I wouldn't return here though, there are so many other choices!OMG, I brought a Groupon for this place and I could have kicked myself. It's only outside seating and it needs to be cleaned under all the tables. I know it's bourbon Street and it's dirty as hell there, but I didn't expect to see a rat running around after dinner. I couldn't get the check fast enough after that. My waitress was really good though, so I thanked her gave her a tip and was out of there asap.Charged us 3.75 for water without telling us. Barbecue shrimp burned my stomach. Double charged for drinks. Added 18% gratuity for no reason. Gave us attitude the whole time. Beware of Cynthia, the shady manager and bouncer. Buyer beware!!!Came here on a Saturday night looking to have a great time with some friends and family and what I got was far from that! I ordered bottle service for six at this place and when I got there I spoke to one of the employees and they had zero idea of what I was talking about. We were then guided to another employee who had an idea of what we were talking about but then told us that we could not pay in card but we have to pay in cash.  Who carries several hundred dollars down bourbon street at midnight! So then we went through this whole process and long story short a manager helped us out. The event they had at this club was not worth it and they were just ripping off costumers. Would NOT recommend this club or it's VIP service. Not very welcoming.Things were a bit of a blur by the time we arrived here.  We were hot, buzzing, and just ready for anything.  It's a bit odd coming here at night.  It's also a bit loud.  Hard to hear anything over the blaring music.  
Getting in is a bit of a task.  If you have a drink in hand already choose your door wisely.  They will let you in one door without question with your drink, but go to another and they will deny you entry.  It was odd to watch.  My friends had this exact experience.  Denied at the one door and then walk over the the other door, in full view of the person that denied them entry, and were allowed in without question.  It is very, very odd.
Music is blaring like I said, but in a good way.  Great for dancing, that is if you can move.  This place was crowded when we arrived and made for moving to be a hard task to undertake.
We didn't stay long and made our way out.  Right past the guy that denied entry with the same drink in hand.Highly do NOT recommend this "club". They are full of empty promises. My friends and I were visiting for her 30th birthday and one of their "door men"/"hype men"/whatever you want to call them, were very pushy to get us to come in. We were hesitant, but thought, maybe we'll give it a shot. Upon bringing us to security, he said "no cover and I'll ensure you ladies will each get a free beer". We headed upstairs to a stale, lackluster "club" with a hype man singing in the microphone to crank dat, by soulja boy. My friends and I laughed, but yet again, gave the place a chance and took a moment t to people watch. I headed to the bar to claim our free drinks promised by door man Charles only to be declined. I went back to the bouncer to explain the situation and he was less than helpful. I again reiterated the situation, and was met with Gary, one of the security managers (I think? He was wearing a blazer and headset attempting to seem important). He laughed in my face staring "I want to make money and giving away free drinks isn't making money". I'm assuming the only was they get people in this dump is by giving them empty promises, then becoming argumentative. So in conclusion, go anywhere else. It smells bad, there is a wannabe rapper on stage and their beer is warm. Oh I must add...the balcony view is great...if you like looking at construction.Excellent food and atmosphere. I had the blackened chicken and fries, both cooked to perfection. And there was a good live band. I found the place on Groupon and I enjoyed my experience.