Delivery was slow because it was close to the college, food was ok but not worth the price.Love this place! Cool little spot with some creative food and drink. Gin/cucumber daiquiri is delicious and refreshing with that icy consistency. The wing are spicy and packed with flavor! The fries are also banging! If you're hoping on the streetcar near oak, stop here first for a nice chilly treat, you won't regret it.Visiting from out of town and we ended up here because the other two restaurants we wanted to go to had 1.5 to 2hour wait. We got lucky. We walked right in and the lady at the register was so friendly and helpful. It was our first time and she gave us really good suggestions. We each got daiquiris (hurricane with some earl grey tea and the banana thing) AMAZING! We also got fried chicken sandwich, duck nachos, fries, wings and brisket sandwich. The only thing that wasnt so good were the duck nachos. The sandwiches were to die for. We actually ended up ordering more food because it was just so good. The atmosphere was great and the food comes out fast. There was a band playing as well. Perfect fall night. My mouth is literally watering thinking about that chicken....The first place I ate at in New Orleans mainly because it was a 10 min walk from my place. It was a Saturday so they also had a guy BBQ ribs and other things outside in addition to the action they have in the inside. They also have about 8 beers on tap (at least 5 of them I never heard of) and about 3-4 daiquiri types. For my food i went with the seasoned fries (excellent), boudin (have 4 types, went with the original and it was nasty not good at all). The main event was the smoked wings and I had those with 3 sauces: jerk (pretty good and easily the best sauce although it was more of a rub), Mango BBQ (taste just how it sound), and buffalo (the worse, taste nothing like buffalo but more lemon than anything). Overall not bad good staff but is there better.Great wings!  I just went with seasoned and smoked (no sauce)... nonetheless they were tasty and crispy!  My fellow dinners loved the Kimchee and Lemongrass and said the hot wings weren't too hot!  I had the Gin and Tonic Daiquiri, which was DELISH and closer to the taste of a gimlet than a G&T.  I love sweet and lime, so it worked perfectly for me!  It is princey for what it is... but I think worth it!!  Fries were delish too!  I had excellent things about the boudin.  I would definitely return!  Quick service and friendly staff.  VERY modest interior, but perfect for what is essentially a wing shack!I live just two blocks away and frequent Bourree! My favorite wings in town and the daiquiris are out of this world! They use fresh juices instead of concentrated syrups and are always coming up with new flavors and specials! Their meat selection is also really great. They have hands down the best bacon! They will hand slice to your preferred thickness and amount. Put it on a baking sheet and bake at 400 flipping every 5 minutes or so until you have reached your preferred bacon done-ness. You will not regret this! 
I can't say enough about the quality of food and ingredients they are using. The food paired with the friendly staff and neighborhood feel make this place one of a kind! And all of this is coming from a very scorned Nino's fanatic.... :)I could go on and on about how much I like this place. These are some of the best wings I've ever had, and their fries are excellent. The people who work here are awesome folks too. Extra love for being open late. Yay for Bourre!I walked in and the music was jamming.  Great environment. Welcoming staff and kick back vibe. Simple menu that makes it easy to order.  The weekend menu looks enticing.  
Waiting on my food nowAmongst the wide array of BBQ options in NOLA, this one falls pretty low on the list. While most of the BBQ in NOLA is mediocre to begin with, it was more the overall experience of this place that brought my rating down. In terms of meat, I'd give this place a solid 3.5 stars
You arrive and first notice the cool and hip outdoor seating set-up. A small band, outdoor tables, lights, and the man cooking up BBQ on the smoker. To order, you have to go inside. Off the bat, we were confused. There were three different menus (well, four if you count the online), all of which were different. Online, brisket platter is an option. In the restaurant, not an option. Anyways, after being told that they were out of the chicken and the pulled pork (with chicken being my original choice), we decided on what to order.
I ordered the ribs with a side of mac and beans, my friend Jake ordered the brisket po boy and fries, my  friend Max asked for the brisket as a platter instead of a Po Boy, which the man at the register said was doable. Lastly, my friend Chris ordered the fried chicken sandwich. 
My friends brisket "platter" was hilarious. Two pieces of brisket that equaled the serving size a small chihuahua might receive, was given to him. My ribs were actually quite good, and I would have no problem ordering them again. My friends really enjoyed their brisket Po Boys, although Chris claimed the chicken sandwich could have been on the spicier side. The sides were abysmal. The mac n cheese was macaroni salad. I swear there was no cheese in it at all. The baked beans were clearly straight out of the can and had absolutely no taste. The corn bread was actually delicious, and they even gave me two extra pieces for free. 
Regardless, two stars for the overall experience and slow service. The side dishes took way longer to be server than our main meals.Solid BBQ with a few twists.  very few tables, but picnic benches under the shade of the trees. 
loved the brisket poboy with pimento cheese and the strawberry/jalapeno frozen daiquiri - could taste the pepper without a burnThe outdoor area is great. Especially when they have live music and are cooking crawfish or pig or oysters. They always seem to be trying something new with food / drinks which is cool. 
Their daiquiris are awesome too. Kinda pricey, but so good.I am a huge fan of chicken wings! This place has some really good ones. I got the Mango bbq and the hot wings which where both really good. The fries where seasoned with a nice cajun spice which I liked. The ambiance of the place wasn't so good.This place is most def a hidden gem. The quality of the food was unique. I went with a group of four and we order wings which were awesome. Infact we tried all flavors and they were legit. The chicken and pork boudin was also good. The daiquiri were sooooo good. Over all I would and will most def come back. I would also recommend others to try it out.Best wings in the city! I like the buffalo and the jerk the best and comes with delicious homemade roasted poblano ranch. Fries are a must as the seasoning is pretty unique, really good with the ranch also. They have really great meat pies also. We've been coming here for the last two years and have really seen this place transform. We love going to their weekend events including charbroiled oyster and specialty keg fridays! Can't find another place in uptown with such an awesome outdoor courtyard!Daiquiri are soo good and also the meat pie and the home made ranch dressing is soooo gd.We tried a sampling of the jerk wings, beef fat fries, meat pie, and boudin. Everything was fantastic! The jerk wings weren't the typical. They had a little sweet taste and some kick. The meat pie was by far our most favorite of the sampling (if we had to choose one).  Was staying in the French Quarters but caught an uber over, just a short drive.Craft Daiquiris, amazing boudin, and spectacular wings. All full of flavor but well balanced! Highest of recommendations.This place is straight hot fire. The daq's and wing combo is top notch. Best wings I've had in the city ain't no doubt about it. They also have a bunch of meats and the staff is really nice. Love stoping in then checking out some live local music down here in the big easy at the maple leaf! Haha yeah you rite down here in nawlinzGreat place for an afternoon lunch. Loved the shrimp po boy I had! Cute outdoor seating area.OMG.... I've never had Boudin so I can't compare it to others but I'm now hooked on the spicy shrimp boudin... It's spicy so be prepared. The meat pie is a total knock out, full of flavor and deliciousness... The wings are fully cooked with a good amount of sauce...this place is a must try....and the atmosphere is so relaxing....most definitely I will be returning..Amaaaaazing! Absolutely the best wings in NOLA, the food is amazing, the daqs are bomb, and the staff is awesome! They deliver also! Which is also bomb!Great food and friendly staff.  Brisket & Pimento Cheese Poyboy is delicious. They also have good daiquiris.Charming little spot! We wanted to try a little bit of everything so we got the duck confit nachos, kimchi wings, and shrimp boudin. Boudin was spicy and flavourful, nachos are a good portion and loaded with toppings, wings are some of the best I've had! Good local draft beer selection and the gin and tonic daiquiri is definitely interesting. Service is very friendly and the food came out quickly. If I lived in the area, this would certainly be one of my go to spots!I love bbq and I was looking for the place next door but they were closed.   I asked a few questions and figured out what they had that was unique.  They smoke then fry their wings which is pretty difficult to find.   I ordered the mango bbq and buffalo.  Both were excellent and the buffalo had some citrus undertones which made them  the best that I have ever had the pleasure of eating.  The chili cheese fries were also delicious. I eat bbq a lot and I will have to add this place to my rotation!We were walking through the neighborhood and as we walked past this place we smelled all the wonderful goodness coming from their smoker and bbq. Needless to say we had to go for dinner because we just knew it was gonna be amazing from what we smelled earlier that day... very casual and comfortable setting. Pic-nic tables and a homey ambiance and even lovely music from a live performer. I will definitely be back before we leave NOLAAMAZING. I'm a regular here and love the wings. employees are super nice and the daqs are great.This is a cool little wing shack. Down here in New Orleans there aren't too many must try wing restaurants. This place is definitely at the top of the list. The quality of the wings is unmatched in my opinion. They smoke the wings so that flavor matched with the different sauces they have makes for a phenomenal wing.  They have a lot of very unique flavors that you can try on  their wings. I really liked the Kim Chi myself. The one knock most people will mention is their price. I must admit for the quantity you get they are expensive. I believe the flavors and quality of wings are top notch but the quantity is not. If you give this place a shot your stomach will not be disappointed however your wallet will take a bit of a hit if you have to order for more than one.We had the meatpie and the brisket & pimento cheese po boy. Both were delicious!!! Friendly, welcoming service. Would come back again.Overall I give it a B. Service was very friendly and the atmosphere was awesome. We dined outside they had a great duo playing music. The chargrilled oysters were unusual but still good. They seemed to be grilled with a orange zest and possibly spinach and served with what we took to be a lemon curry sauce. We tried the special burnt tip chili cheese fries. The chili was great. We were disappointed in the cheese sauce. Someone obviously took some pride in the chili made from the chopped up ends of the brisket. To top it with a canned cheese sauce, well disappointing. The highlight of the meal was the boudin. We had the classic which was smokey and delicious. Also we had the shrimp boudin. It was full of flavor with just the right spicy kick. Will definitely eat there again looking forward to trying the wings and the brisket po'boy!unique wing flavors like kimchi & lemongrass, jerk chicken, mango bbq, buffalo. I had the latter three and they were pretty good. heavy on the wing sauce. the jerk chicken was more thai/coconut curry to me than carribbean jerk spicy! good flavors though. they have fresch daiquiris made to order and a few local beers on tap. 
great little spot uptown. they also have a crawfish boil every Friday outside. worth checking out!Can't believe I haven't dropped a review here! A favorite neighborhood go to bbq bar. Always great service!We have lived less than a mile away for 14 years, but have never been here. Today, however, we got in our car to go fill the slow leak in our tire, and the car wouldn't start. Pop-a-lock came and charged it in record time (this is a review for Bourrée, don't worry, I'm getting there), and we drove to AutoZone where we discovered that the designers of our car (rhymes with "Schmord Schmocus") are money-grubbing cockroaches who placed the battery in such a way that a layperson can't change it. So we drove around for an hour hoping that the battery would hold the charge. We tried to run two more fruitless errands in the meantime, and returned home, crossing our fingers that the battery would hold the charge. 
It didn't. 
Mad and ravenous, we decided to walk the .8 miles to our favorite Mexican restaurant on Carrollton. 
Closed for a week.
Hangry and murderous, we kept walking and found ourselves at Bourrée. We expected the prices to be out of our range, since we are already on a lockdown budget plus are now looking at money for a new battery AND a licensed mechanic, but we're shocked at how reasonable the prices are. 
We sat and ate our FLIPPING FANTASTIC barbecue and sides in a courtyard that was lit by strings of pretty cobalt blue lights while a three piece jazz combo played pleasant and expertly executed old standards. We had the barbecue ribs with cornbread, mac and cheese, and potato salad, and it was absolutely phenomenal. Every bit of it was exceptional, but the mac and cheese was damned near a religious experience. 
All of which is to say that we were having an absolutely craptastic day that was completely turned around by a lovely evening with good music and excellent food at Bourrée.It's late. You're sitting there watching TV. Okay, it's a Food show. You're munching on leftover pizza. This episode is putting you into fantasy mode. Your mouth is watering. Some chef is whipping up a-mazing looking stuff while some Guy is standing there cracking jokes and getting fed freakin awesome food! 
It's NOT fair! you vehemently, but silently protest! 
If you could at least get just a small taste! Or a whiff of those decadent aromas! 
All the while thinking you'd invest heavily in the invention of Smellevision!  
That, would be me, about three months ago as I watched the kitchen kreations at  Bourrée being made right before my very eyes. Look! But can't taste!
Noooooooooooooooooooooooo!
What would any sane foodie do in a situation like this? Why, of course! Plan a trip that JUST happens to be in the same city as this restaurant. Brilliant!
And that is exactly what happened.
Driving from Florida to New Orleans is a fun drive for me and my Bodacious Bourrée Ready Fiancée! We just 'happened' to have an event to attend nearby, too....
So, I marked my calendar and put a digital post-it note on my phone that read simply 'Bourrée',  circling the date May 10, 2018. 
Once we arrived, we immediately smelled smoke, of the cooking something variety. YUM! 
The place is cute, snugly tucked away between buildings. Nothing fancy at all. Ordering was easy. We just ordered what Chef and that Guy had made on the show. 
2 each of the Meat Pies, Smoked & Seasoned Chicken Wings and Shrimp Boudin. 
Oh! And we'll both try some of those frozen daiquiris, please!
The Meat Pies were our favorites. The crust was perfectly cooked with almost a snappy bite to it, but still easily edible. The inside concoction is a pork mix with other goodies and American Cheese! I was told they'd tried various other fine cheeses and nothing stood up to their expectations better than good ole American Cheese! Bravo!
The wings were seductively smoky tasting with a tongue tapping blend of spices. For dipping they gave us a roasted Pablano Ranch that was good, but the wings really needed nothing added. They were good!
The Shrimp Boudin casing provided a great Snap! when cutting into them. Bang Bang Boudin!
While we were eating on the deck outside, a small jazz band was setting up. 
We hung out, sipping on frozen adult Slurpees, enjoying the music as the occasional trolley rolled past in the background. 
It was quite surreal, in a way. 
Old meets new meets meat meets street!
As I escorted my Finely Fed Fab Fiancée to our awaiting chariot, I noticed we were doing a bit of a lively French dance. Let the Bourrée begin!
Dance on in and tell them John & Beth sent ya!The duck nachos are a must for anyone visiting Bourrèe. The outdoor area is a nice place in the evenings, especially since the inside is a little cramped.Went on a Sunday for the whole hog. 1/2 lb serving was too much for me to finish when you throw in the sides! Food was excellent, service was excellent. We rode the St Charles street car from Canal street and it drops you off right in front of the restaurant! Gorgeous Sunday afternoon ride through the garden district. Highly recommend and I'll be back next time I'm in NOLA!I'm sorry , I wanted to like this place but they made it too difficult.  
  Myself and my 93 year old father stopped by to have lunch. There were no cars in front at 12:20 pm which should have told me something right then. My dad uses a walker ; as we were slowly making our way to the door it went through my mind that since there were no customers , wouldn't it be nice if someone would come to open the door and help/welcome us into the establishment. Instead ,  the two workers just sat there watching as we made our three minute approach to the front door.  It would have been a nice gesture to help at the door , but i guess that would have put them out. Why help if you don't have to.  
   As we entered , the first thing we noticed was the heat. It must have been about 86 degrees.  There was also a bit of an off smell , a kind of sewerage like odor. Perhaps the heat was causing something to rot? 
    The male behind the counter was not friendly or happy at all and didn't seem as though he really wanted anyone to come in and bother their peaceful lunchtime with no customers.  The girl was very sweat and friendly to her credit. 
   After ordering I made a trip to the restroom to wash up and was then met with the smell that I noticed when I first went in , sewerage.  Apparently they have a back up somewhere ; it was all I could do to keep from getting sick. I told the two attendants when I returned but they giggled a bit and didn't seem interested. 
  It was obvious to me now that these two workers are here on a temporary interlude through life and couldn't  care less about making a patrons visit special in any way.        The cook attended his work with what appeared to be a methodic disdain . Disdain for his boss , for the customers and perhaps with his life in general. The Boudin was warm , the fries and pies were WAY too salted. 
   Nothing about this dark , dirty , smelly place makes me want to make any return trips.A charcuterie. Yup. A real one. No not chicken wings and daiquiris - they have those too. Charcuterie. The various things in the case. Smoked bacon, four varieties of boudin, capicola, ham and other goodies such as Tasso and Andouille. If the food next door is any indication I will be buying some specialty meats from time to time here. Can't wait to try the smoked bacon.Normally a great experience.  Arrived at 1200 noon and had been bragging about the Shrimp Boudin for days.  Arrived ordered the Meat Pie, out.  Ordered the shrimp Boudin, out.   So far not a great start.  I can understand if it was dinner time etc, but after just opening?Sausage had very little flavor. Wings over cooked and dry the sauce did not help. Diners drive ins and dives need to come back for a re evaluation. Try a different restaurant. I would of given a 0 star if I could of.Homophobic, transphobic and mentally abusive to workers. Their food isn't even that good for them to act the way they do and their daiquiris were only ever good when CJ made them. Too bad every worker they've ever had that was worth anything they treated so badly they quit. I wouldn't recommend supporting this company.Had the boudin - not authentic boudin - not even close. And by the way... just coz it's spicy DOES NOT make it Cajun. I'm giving this restaurant 3 stars coz the prices are incredibly reasonable, the beer is really cold & the young lady behind the bar was wonderful. And yep- I'm going back again to try different things which I'm sure are de-lish- just not the boudin !I loved the restaurant next door and the drinks.  I figured that if diners, drive in, and dives was at the barbeque place it has to be good... but it was horrible. The barbeque was cold,  the chicken was raw,  the food was terrible. At least the restautant next door had great drinks.Love your food and Nathaniel is great but you really need to update your website and list that the Saturday BBQ ends at 8pm. I went to a lot of effort to go to your restaurant (at 8:14) only to find that out so thumbs down for you tonight.Love the meat pies & the duck nachos! It is a nice, casual restaurant..... almost unassuming when you walk in but I wasn't disappointed at all! Any place Guy visits, is good enough for me!Ya'll. OMG this place was delicious! The meat pie was HUGE. The chicharron was HUGE and VERY FRESH. The wings were AMAZING. The chicken sandwich was BOMB.It's really difficult to have a bad meal in New Orleans, but I sure did here. 
This place is in my neighborhood, so when I drove past and saw that they were going to start a Saturday night smoked meat night I was really excited. I haven't had good Q in ages, and I still haven't. Most lackluster excuse for a pulled pork sandwich I've ever had. It was pulled pork alright, but I'm not sure if it saw any time in the smoker. It tasted like it had been pulled off of a broiled roast and then waved past the smoker before being sent to our table. And spread so thinly that it would have been more honest to just let me know that they were running out. The greens that came with it were ok.
We also ordered the wings. Meh. 
Our daiquiris were tasteless. One tasted faintly of cucumber, maybe it was supposed to be the gin and tonic. Otherwise just shaved ice.
The service was nonexistent, the guys behind the counter couldn't have cared less. And I'm sorry, but a very large septum piercing isn't hip, cool, quirky or whatever, on a food server it just looks gross. 
After writing a one star review on their fb page, I was contacted by someone claiming to be their social media director, and after going into much more detail on my meal was promised a refund on my meal. that was two months ago. After another round of emails, still nothing. 
I won't be wasting any more of my time or hard earned money on this dive.This place is great! They also deliver! The wings are smoked & covered in delicious sauce. My favorite is classic buffalo, but I also really enjoy the Kimchi & the Jerk wings. The daiquiris are delicious. They offer a few different flavors that change every so often. They have sides like cheese balls & fries. They also offer deli meat, smoked meats, & pimiento cheese. These are very good wings with great flavors!Food tastes decent even though it takes upwards of 30 minutes to get it, and portions are 25% smaller than what you'd expect for the price. I've been 3 times over the past 8 months....mainly since it's the closest bbq to my house.... I'd much prefer Moe's or Blue Oak... but I get suckered in due to the proximity and their smoker draws me in like a drunken fool chasing neon lights... Anyway: today, dropped by around 7pm... they were already "out of chicken".... they only opened at 5pm... yep... ran out of chicken in two hours. All of their beers are $6 or more, except for one cheaper option: dixie for $3.50. They are too cool for bud lights etc... only "craft and microbrews"..... We asked cashier how long food was taking today since it always takes forever.... and she said "I have no idea".... um... ok... lady... thanks for your guidance.....  As per usual, we took our seats at the picnic table to begin the never ending wait.... drank all my beer... drank most of my water.... heard the jazz band play an entire album.... Finally, 30 minutes later... here comes our food minus the mac n' cheese.... b/c they were out of it... but making more and would bring it out later.... OK... side items are supposed to accompany bbq... not to be eaten in courses.... But we knew in advance we were dealing with a special needs child... and were hungry... and Moes was closed due to a private party (we went there first).... so we trudged through our halfway decent ribs and brisket.... Brisket was reheated on the pit on top of aluminum foil which the brisket stuck to like vinyl flooring... had to scrape it off as much as possible without eating the foil too....  We ate 2/3rds of our meal and wondered if the mac n' cheese was ever going to come.... We saw other tables eating it... so my GF ventured over to the pit master to inquire and sure enough "OH, I'm sorry, I forgot".... the pit master doubles as the food runner... dumbest idea ever... let me run some food while burning your brisket to the foil....  Mac n Cheese was OK, Baked beans were only 90% cooked... still a bit crunchy... But their main secret ingredient going for them is WE WERE HUNGRY.... and good people watching on the patio... 3rd time wasn't the charm... Doubt there will ever be a fourth unless I succumb to that smoker... that damn smoker.... Arghhhh....!!5 Stars babay, but that was a pull! How do you not have proper blue cheese with your Buffalo Wings? How do you fuck that up?! 
Being from Buffalo (hence "Buffalo Wings") and an aficionado of wings outside of Buffalo, this place is on point. But, the carrots are soggy and the blue cheese is absent. Come in for the homer ya Carolinians and do our Western NY cuisine proud and do it properly.Very disappointed, been wanting to try this place since they opened. The buffalo wings were too lemony and spicy, bbq wings were decent, meat pies and fries were good. Disappointed Got only 6 small pieces of Gratons for $6. 3 different types of boudin were way too dry and smoky. Daiquiris were good and unique but over priced. Ended up being $62 for pick up,  a disappointing dinner for 2.Best wings and fries in the city. The house made meat pies, ranch, and daiquiris are also amazing. 
I tell everyone who's visiting New Orleans to stop by bouree for an awesome casual lunch or dinner.So so good. We got the beef fat fries, meat pie, wings, and the brisket po boy. Definitely worth the hype in my opinion.Delicious gin and tonic homemade daiquiris! They are known for their wings but I havent tried them yet. I have been here for their whole roasted pig and live music out front. I adore this place. Festive, fun, inexpensive!
I came in on another afternoon, a Monday, while brunch/bar hopping with a girlfriend in the middle of the afternoon. While we were there, Susan Spicer stopped in for wings. Just as she left, Bruce "Sunpie" Barnes came in for boudin. Now....those two things alone should be enough of a stamp of approval to get you there. Another great one by Chef Nathaniel Zimet!So so so disappointed ! We are at New Orleans for 6 days and while getting ready in our hotel we saw this place on the food network I love guy so me and my husband decided to check it out today ! The food was not good at all that my husband  even said it was the worse food we have tried in New Orleans by far !!!!!!!!  So not worth it ! Plus it Was pricey if you're going to charge  a lot make sure your food is top quality !I love this place. Great wings, great service, great drinks. Super good vibes and the people are very nice. The wings are delish and they are always coming up with new ideas. Its fast, easy, and high quality.Stumbled across this place after checking out a nearby art festival. The chicken sandwich and mango BBQ wings are absolutely phenomenal. I've eaten at quite a few restaurants around town, and this was the only time I felt compelled to write a review. This place is a must if you're hungry and within a 20 mile vicinity! Do yourself a favor and eat here ASAPWings so good you'll wanna save your toilet tissue after eating these wings...drinks are good friendly staff prices are easy on the pocketsI spent a week in NOLA for a work trip. I was super excited about the food, but nothing really hit the spot. I even managed to get a stuffed nose. 
On my last day, riding the streetcar around before heading to airport, this amazing smell penetrates my stuffed up nose, and I literally yank on the rope immediately to jump out and follow my nose...
Holy f---! Amazing food -- my only regret is not being able to try more (wings, links). I got the spicy chicken sandwich, a cold beer and a slim Jim. The sandwich is perfect with crispy chicken, and the bun is Dong Phong bread (sweet, like a Hawaiian roll). They even had Gin and Tonic daiquiris, of which I picked up one to take on the go. Icing on the cake -- Motown and classics on the radio.
Forget eating in the French Quarter -- pay $1.25 for the streetcar and get out here. Steve is amazing!So I was drunk both times I came here...so grain of salt.
Both visits they were out of shrimp po boys 
We did eat there on one night and the pimento cheese is amazing! The brisket leaves something to be desired and the bbq sauce is a little on the sweet side. Lastly, I dont like oysters and the ones here didnt change that lol.
The x factor for this place is the people. Nice people are always a plus but the guys working here fucking rock it. I talked to them for quite a while before during and after my group ate. They had no problem with us being a loud and boisterous group! Fucking great time!
P.s. pass on the hurricane slushyI brought the bf here for his birthday dinner because he loves wings. LOVES THEM. So I thought I'd treat him to some specialty versions of his favorite things, because my gift-giving abilities are just that original. 
The service is friendly, the menu is pretty compact so you shouldn't have difficulty choosing what you want. We got 3 types of wings--kim chi, jerk, and buffalo--and the boy wanted meat pies but luckily asked at the last minute and found out they had cheese in them, so we switched to hot boudin instead (for the record, I love cheese more than life itself, it's the boy who can't eat it). Some might complain about the price, and it is a little steep considering there's 50-cent wing places somewhere I'm sure, but obviously you're getting something a little more "craft" than "Budweiser" here so I get it.
The boudin was really good and comes with mustard. The wings were pretty good...they were bigger than I had seen before, which was good, so we were both full after the meal. The supposedly "jerk" wings were very much not jerk. They had this think, chunky sauce on them, which I really liked and would LOVE to cook some chicken or shrimp in and serve over rice, but it would too cumbersome for wings. The buffalo sauce was a little...sweeter I think, than I was expecting. I like buffalo sauce that's nice and tangy and vinegar-y and this didn't hit the spot. The kim chi really just tasted like teriyaki sauce, which wasn't bad, but I was expecting something a little more. Finally, the dipping sauce they gave us (both homemade) were seriously underwhelming. 
I have to tell you, fully recalling this experience as I've described it above, I just lowered the rating from 3 to 2 stars. I wanted to give the benefit of the doubt, but the more I thought about it, the more I wish I had just gotten some regular spicy buffalo wings at any bar, as those would have hit the spot better. Oh well, Bouree. I don't regret trying you, but I certainly won't return.A little disappointed in the al dente potato salad and the lack of salt and the chicken wings even though smoked were chewy and were on the drier side, not moist. I asked if they were brined they are not. Their fried sandwich is though. Beer was great. Deal was great. Service was excellent. Service outside roasting a whole pig since the morning and serving sides, I'm sure I just came at the tail end. I'll still be back.Food was AMAZING! Very flavorful! I mean the pickled celery and carrots were so good! The wings were fresh and had a nice crisp! The meat pie was spicy and flavorful as well as just all around good! They didn't have duck for the nachos so the did it with pulled pork.... didn't care for cheese but that pork was so tender and a little sweet! The manager was super nice and kept a convo going with us. They forgot to give us fries but it was okay we were full! But they are hand cut fries!!!!! Def try them out!We were walking past and my husband and son who both love meat very much pulled me in to eat here. I should have gone with my instinct when I saw the shabby and dirty interior that this wasn't the best place to eat. While we waited for our food to come, I went to the bathroom and had to hold my breathe because of the fetid odor inside. Thankfully, I didn't loose my appetite, and when my meat pie came, I was eager to love it, but it was just ok. The meat inside was a bit too spicy and overpowering. My husband ordered a poboy for $12 and it was the size of half poboy you get at other places in the city that are half the price. It didn't come with fries or a salad. He said it was ok. We ordered a side of fries but they were soggy and looked like they were reheated. My son said his sandwich was amazing, but he gets into a rapture over cafeteria food. Now maybe there are some things on the menu that would wow me, but this place needs to be cleaner and more generous with portions and offer free (freshly cooked) fries with meals over 8 bucks.Nice little spot! Good wings and got the burnt end chili cheese fries. Cheese was cold..... Definitely a new experience with that. Good place thoughAwesome food, better daiquiris.  In fact, this is the only place in the city where I'm willing to get a daiquiri... half of that is because it's walking distance, and the other half is because they don't taste like the generic sugary garbage from the chains.  The flavors are complex and ingredients are, well, real ingredients I guess?  Sadly, they haven't had the gin and tonic one the last couple times I went, but when they do it's my favorite cocktail in the city.We had intended to eat at the parent restaurant next door, but arrived before they opened for the evening. So we wandered in for snacks and drinks while we waited. Turned out that we made a meal of the wings instead. And we were satisfied! Daiquiris and wings, with beer and wine on tap. It made for a great stop after a long day walking around the Quarter. Staff was very welcoming. Shared samples of there cured meats and cheeses while we waited for our wings.So Effn good! Everything! You have to try the Spicy Chicken Sandwich for 6 bucks. Yeah I know right, only 6 bucksGood food, cheap, big portions. The meat pie and fried chicken sandwich are really good. Fries are a huge portion and enough for two. The gin n tonic daiquiri is great.Sausage had very little flavor. Wings over cooked and dry the sauce did not help. Diners drive ins and dives need to come back for a rebirth. Try the Thai place next door.I've had easily had over 16,000 wings in my measly 23 years of life. These 4 wings easily make top 50. That's the 99th percentile, thanks Google.
The good:
-Smoked chicken wings? Why didn't anyone think of this sooner?
-Flavors: smoked and seasoned, and jerk, highly recommend.
-They deliver. In the middle of the night. On the parade route. During Mardi Gras.
-The more you buy, the cheaper it is (applies to both wings and dranks). It's like Costco, of course you should buy in bulk! Similar to toilet paper, there's no such thing as too many wings or too much alcohol.
The okay: 
-The Hurricane daiquiri.Maybe I should've gotten a half gallon of it, rather than a cup. Maybe by the second cup, it would've become amazing. 
-7 dollars for six wings is a bit pricy when semi-frozen grocery store buffalo wings are 10 dollars for 30. But hey, you're paying for quality and smokey goodness.
The bad:
-It's next to Boucherie. HOW DO YOU CHOOSE? (Answer: follow my and my friends' lead and go to both)
Conclusion: Christ, even their ranch was amazing.Bourrée is one of my go-tos here on Carrollton. I'm a big fan of the spicy chicken sandwich, it's got a good amount of heat and crunch. The fries are also awesome, I always get an extra order! I've tried a couple of their craft daiquiris too and they're pretty good and unique. The staff is always very nice and friendly too!This review is specifically for the fresh fruit daiquiris.  They are the best I've ever had. You're not getting 1000 lbs of fake sugar and 1000 calories with these daiquiris. They're fresh with real fruit.  I just got the hurricane for the second time and realized how much I love this daiquiri. They usually have 2 different flavors to chose from that rotate often.  It will be hard for me to get a Daquiri anywhere else moving forward..... five stars!!Tried a few things from the menu,  the spicy chicken sandwich was a real winner,.. much better than the Popeyes chicken sandwich, and the pickles are homemade.  The item that I've had issues with at other places but really made this enjoyable for my Dad and I was the smoked and seasoned wings.  I was worried that they would be hot and dry,.. totally not the issue; Smokey, juicy, crispy skin and bomb seasoning.  Friendly staff that made us feel at home,  even gave us a free small order of cracklings that I didn't order only because the pictures that I saw of them, just looked like regular pork rinds, again how wrong I was: hot, great seasoning, super crispy made me want more.  Thank you Bourrée for the amazing food and service.Stopped in for lunch today. There was one other person inside when I ordered the brisket and pimento cheese Po-boys. After waiting for 20-25 I finally got it. The sandwich was actually pretty good, the service not so much.Such a disappointment after finally getting a chance to try it.  It was a windy day so sat inside where it was warmer with the grill going which was fine but they were also breaking down crawfish so there was a bunch of flies flying around. The $6 draft beer was good but slightly overpriced, the meat pie wasn't that great it tasted like whoever made them couldn't decide what spices to use so used all of them and plenty of them!  The seasoned rub fries were ok, noticed after a few bites my fingers were bright orange like I've been eating a bag of cheetoes all day.  Quickly corrected myself by grabbing a nearby plastic fork which also got permanently stained....overpriced and overrated.We decided to try this place out since it is nearly next door to our airbnb and was open on Sunday night! Ambience is casual. Great Cajun band playing outside with picnic tables. Ordered inside. They have a different special each night, plus some standards. We went with the smoked pickin pig with sides, boudin, wings, and fries. And a Gin and tonic daiquiri. The pork was so tender and flavorful, the cornbread, mac n cheese, and pickles were great. Fries and wings disappeared quickly. The kimchi and lemongrass wings were particularly good. Boudin also yummy, and the daiquiri was unique and good.I had been driving by this place for a year and finally decided to stop by to try it. The patio area was really nice but inside was cramped and bland. They don't sell liquor, just a few beers on tap and daiquiris which weren't very good. We ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters, the brisket chili cheese fries and a BBQ shrimp po-boy. Sounds great right? It wasn't. The only thing that was decent were the oysters. We were both really disappointed in the brisket fries and neither one of us could stomach eating the po-boy after a few bites (which is crazy bc my fiancé eats just about anything). Definitely won't be back.The atmosphere was inspiring and has lots of potential. There is outdoor seating to enjoy the scenery. The staff advised they have live music at night and boil crawfish on Wednesdays.
The menu showed promise and different options that seemed no selection would be a bad one.
My friends and I ordered a variety of things: the chicken boudin...NOPE
dry rubbed wings...NOPE
brisket po-boy with pimento cheese...NOPE
I was very underwelmed especially considering the smell of hickory and BBQ.
The boudin was extremely bland, the dry rub wings barely had flavor and the brisket po-boy was not up to the New Orleans tradition of flavor.We stopped in on a Sunday at 12:45 to a grumpy kitchen crew-minus our cashier, she was precious. The kitchen had a "hold" on fries, which I'm guessing is how long it would take to cut up some potatoes. Very disappointing visit. The buffalo sauce is vey lemony and spicy, different and interesting. The smoked and seasoned wings were really good. This place is a pass for me!Wings! Nachos! and Beer! We just got back from touring the US for 80 days and this is one of the places that I will never forget from the tour. We were starving, hung over and desperate to eat our faces off. I had my assistant look up a local well recommended restaurant and we found Bourree. The sauce on the wings is just amazing and the meat thats smoked on the spot is just amazing, I cant say I remember exactly which sandwich I ordered it was a little bit of a rough day but my mouth remembers. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. Souther Food is just something else, compares to nothing we have at home even though there are some authentic places. But just doesn't compare. Cant wait to travel back out here and have me some more of that smokey chipotle and sharp cheddar cheese. Gooey melty and just amazing. The wings were succulent and tender, probably slow cooked, and whatever they seasoned them with was a kicker. This is a sweet meat hide out, if you're ever in this part of town stop at Bourree you wont regret it.