Vegan bakery and cafe. Worth the drive to Uptown! Great quality pastries and breakfast options. Always something new to tryAwesome vegan selections! Both sweet and savory.  This is one of our favorites stops in New Orleans. We come here whenever we can.This place absolutely rocks!! The staff is super friendly.  I chose to eat here because my daughter has food allergies and let me tell you,  finding this place is an absolute blessing. The breads are simply delicious and my daughter kept asking me if the food was really vegan and gluten-free. This speaks volumes coming  from a 13 year old. The almond butter cinnamon roll is the bomb. I had that, along with the cheese and herb bread, 2 croissants and the bbq shrimp quiche-DIVINE! AS far as dining goes, it's a little tight on the inside. This place is a new favorite for me.Couldn't rave enough about this place if I tried. We had this delicious pumpkin biscuit thing with tofu that was phenomenal. We also had the bahn mi and the crab cakes. All three were great. It was a beautiful day so we were able to sit outside so it was a beautiful day to have a great food. The desert we chose was the bread pudding. If you like bourbon then I suggest you get it. It wasn't that sweet to me and it tasted like bourbon which I am not a huge fan of. Anyway, if you are vegan or not, this is a great spot.The most incredible, fantastic little slice of heaven in New Orleans. It's so warm and welcoming and every single thing on the menu seems to be so carefully made and perfected its unbelievable that it's all plant based! They have at least a million options so I haven't tried it all, but all the breakfast sandwiches, quiches, cakes, and cookies I've tried have been wonderful! I can't get enough of this place it's my absolute favorite spot in Nola. Even my completely non-vegan boyfriend is in love with it.Coolest bread place I've ever seen. They appear to make bread more than just bread- they make bread their art, and they are masters. I got a Fresh fruit tart. You can kill me now. I'm good.Stopped my for lunch the other day and boy, has it expanded! The savory items lean towards vegans and gluten-free, which is interesting in a bread bakery. I wasn't brave enough to try the 'live food' sandwich, but I did see several people enjoying one. I did try the cold veggie soup, which left me cold; I think people forget it needs an extra dash of salt. The carrot cake was just OK, but it could have been my pairing or maybe with coffee, it would have been great.I'm not vegan, not in the least, but had lunch here with a friend. My favorite thing was the coconut rosemary cookie, which had an amazing texture and was something I'd never seen before! I also had the turkey sandwich, but it was a little underwhelming (I didn't expect the bread to be that tough, and it was overall sort of dry). The potato leek soup was good, but could have benefited from being either a chunky soup with large pieces of vegetable or blended totally smooth. 
I'm honestly giving four stars for the cookie and the courtyard cats. There's a brown tabby tomcat who ate like half of my sandwich meat while sitting on my lap, and I was happy to give it to him, because he was adorable. I'd come back just to pet him again, and I recommend everyone pet him at least once.Thanks for the pain du gruyere!
Please open daily!
Please open earlier!!Funny thing is that I rarely order anything but a turkey sandwich with Irish cheddar on a fresh baguette. It's tasty and avoids me having to decide between an array of delicious pastries (sometimes I add a tart). You can tell there is a lot of thought and care from the baker around creating unique items.  This is their craft and they own it.  More than anything, I really appreciate the service at Breads on Oak.  It's clear that management trains staff on the basics of customer service which results in consistent friendliness no matter who is at the counter.I recently visited from Philadelphia, where believe it or not, vegan and vegetarian options are plentiful and growing, so I was delighted that my host introduced me to this gem.  I fell in love immediately and went back for a second visit during my one week in town.  We tried the Live Food sandwich and Eggless sandwich, which were both delicious and satisfying.  Also, all their soups are vegan and the bread is AMAZING and fresh.  I simply love lemon tarts so to stumble upon the vegan version was special and there were several different citrus flavors.  I had the strawberry and orange tart and inhaled it.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  I wish this place was in Philly but I'll be sure to recommend it to anyone visiting New Orleans in the future!Amazing Made from Scratch Breads and Biscuits 
Go on Sunday for the bread bar. Go with a group of friends and order one of everything. 
For our Sunday "brunch buffet," we ordered an assortment of biscuits, sandwiches and pastries to share. 
Loved the vegan live food sandwich, the pumpkin cheddar biscuit with tofu scramble, the pain chocolate, the olive Provence bread and the fruit and nut bread. 
Just Geaux!!!Wow, vegan whisky pecan king cake!!!! You won't miss the dairy with this one... Truly amazing!There is no reason to not love Breads on Oak. Everyone can eat something here. The food is on point. The service is warm and inviting. The coffee drinks are fabulous. Just go eat here. That is all.Love their food, especially their veggie sandwiches and their tea baskets. Their hours are very strange. They are closed a lot.This little artisan bakery on Oak Street is effing AWESOME !!!!!
It is a favorite morning stop for me to get a big chicory coffee and some type of pastry. 
And, they have a great selection of sweet and savory treats. And bread. The ciabatta rolls are wonderful, I get a couple to take with me when I get a ham to make ham sandwiches. 
However, the star of the show for me is the croissants. They do them the right way here. Light, airy, flaky, buttery, ethereal.  And the stuffed croissants are very tasty as well.
Worth the visit!Very cute little corner bakery with a few tables. I stopped in here to break a bill/get a snack. Lots of choices, from GIANT big things o' bread to muffins. I got a croissant, which was perfect. Several things seemed a little pricey, but then, I'm that guy who's like, "I could BAKE a dozen cookies at home for that much" so maybe I'm not a good judge of these things. 
The only thing that bummed me out was the person next to me got some free samples and I didn't :(Food was good. Staff was hippy friendly. NEVER open. I live a street over and they are rarely open. If you find them open, grab a roast beef sandwich. Meow!Let me start by explaining that the three star rating is to give props to this establishment for going all vegan and offering low gluten options. I do think they need to work on the quality of said options however. I sat in and ate the Egg-O vegan biscuit on the low gluten buckwheat biscuit, the cheese grits and an almond milk caramel latte (I'm pretty sure she forgot the caramel.) The biscuit was as dense as it looks and the "eggs" were an odd texture. The grits were extremely watery and had a hint of a vinegar taste to them. After a few bites I took them to go and ended up tossing them. The to go options I ordered for later were a little better-the friendly pig sandwich on multi grain and the kale Caesar salad. Nothing impressive, just better than the breakfast options.My best friend and I stopped in here last night as it's right around the corner from her house.  The were giving samples of their breads and they were all so delicious!  However, my special favorite was the rye with nuts and currants.  In addition to bread, they also have cupcakes and brownies (the brownies were excellent) and will be having croissants as well.  We got to meet the owner and he told us that they will be open during the weekends throughout the summer and then decide what their business hours should look  like in the fall.  Do stop in and see them to welcome them to the neighborhood!  This is a great addition to Oak Street and I wish them much success in their new venture.
For more information, you can check out this article:
http://noladefender.com/content/bag45uette-sta7nds-aloneWho said you can't have vegan in the South?  These yankees are happy.  Not only is this place in a cute, artsy area of town, it has delectable vegan delights.
I stood at the counter for 10 minutes trying to decide which treat to get.  I finally settled on a coffee for the bf, a cappuccino for moi and a vegan cinnamon coffee cake to share.  The coffees were made just right and the cake was moist, sweet, and yummy.  We thought of getting baguette but opted not to carb overload.  If I lived in NOLA this would be a dangerous place.  I loved the momma's kitchen feel.4/5 olive loaf
get it. take it home and keep it close. it is sooo tasty. i mean like olive in its essence in your mouth, doughy pillowy crusty goodness. i think another strong marker for me is the smell - rub it all over you and you'll be the sexiest olive smelling fella in the office.
if someone brought this to my dinner table (or bed), i'd consider it a true gift.
they also make this other miche (sp?) bread, which is this large round that is a 3 day process. it's crusty and involved, but i'd say i'll be returning for the olive over that.What a fantastic addition to the Pigeontown neighborhood. I have been enjoying their rustic, hearty breads since they opened. Yesterday I decided to try the vegan banana pudding (or banana cream pie...not sure the exact title...but it doesn't matter). It was the one of the best things I've ever tasted in my entire life. As someone with a dairy allergy, this place is a godsend. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!!!This place is a gem! The owner is amazing, always so sweet. The staff is also friendly and hard working. The 'live sandwich' is one of my favorite sandwiches in the city! If you love veggies, this sandwich is a must. I'm drooling thinking about the miso paste. Also, their brownie is to die for. It reminds me of brownie batter. So moist and flavorful. The baguette, oh my god. I'll just leave this right here while you head on over there.I know everyone mentions that this place caters to vegans, but that doesn't mean you have to be a Vegan to love their sandwiches!  Their are many selections for all kinds of eaters.  You can add cheese or meat to any of their sandwiches if need be.
I particularly love the live food sandwich, but I add cheese to it.  It has carrots, cucumbers, avocado and sprouts on a lovely dense bread with a very subtle miso dressing.  A bit of cheddar, gruyere or chèvre cheese added gives the sandwich a bit more of a punch.  I've also tried the cucumber sandwich which could use a heavier hand with the cream cheese to balance it out.
The Almond Croissant was delicious, I got it from the day old discount section and it was still super fresh.  I found the chocolate in the chocolate croissant delicious, but the croissant itself to be a bit less flaky and croissant-like and a bit more of a puffy bun.  I went with a group one day and they all felt like it would be best called a chocolate bun.
I highly recommend the Irish Tea Cakes.  They are dense, slightly sweet and are peppered with currants. They are addictive and delicious.  They have become a compulsion and we are always disappointed by how early in the day they seem to be running out recently.  I think other people have also figured out how amazing they are!Hubby and I chanced in on this awesome little bakery since he was about to get hangry -- we split a veggie Reuben and a cup of the soup of the day -- mushroom étouffée -- both had spectacular flavor! I could feel the love put into their product.  The breads and pastries look absolutely amazing behind the counter, too.  I was happy to see they carried a few different kinds of kombucha and other healthy drinks.  Definitely a gem!Breads on Oak was the last stop on our trip to New Orleans. If it hadn't been the last day, I may have ended up there every day. Definitely make this a must on your to-do list - ideally multiple times.
It has an incredible amount of vegan baked goods and heartier food as well. The muffanada sandwich was fantastic. Tempeh, olive salad, and veggie provolone on sesame seed ciabatta. The scones were spot-on as well. Everything we tried, both savory and sweet, were delicious. 
Looking forward to getting back to New Orleans for another visit (or two or three) to Breads on Oak.I don't often get a veggie sandwich, and when I do I'm not compelled to write a review most of the times. This is not one of those times and breads on oak is not one of those bystander kind of place. The French garden sandwich I got is one the most refreshing things I've eaten in a while. The combination of the flavors is just amazing and the great service makes the experience even better. I must say though, I'm here on a Friday afternoon when there's not much crowd. Hope the service remains the same on a busy day as well. Must try for vegan options and refreshing food.Best croissants so far in New Orleans! (Except the chocolate almond, but that's totally fine!)not a vegan but I crave this place often! Big fan of their pumpkin cheddar biscuit, buckwheat biscuit and of course any baked good! If it's king cake season, definitely treat yo self and get a slice!I do have to say that this place has a nice, homey feel. I would be doing an injustice, though, to say I was not a little underwhelmed by the selection this place had to offer. The carrot cake is truly outstanding. And it is VEGAN!! I also had some sort of savory muffin that contained ham and bacon, which was light, savory and delicious. I still left upset that I'd drove that entire way for such a small selection. My next bakery will be Gracious Bakery. I'll let you know how it turns out.Everything about this place was great! I recently have started eating vegan so I remember how good baked goods and pastries are supposed to be. Everything I've had at Breads on Oak was as good or better than any non-vegan I've every had!Very good, fresh vegan offerings that satisfy even a carnivore. Breakfast and lunch offerings are tasty and filling as well as healthy. My personal favorite is the TLTA their take in a BLT with tempeh bacon. Service is friendly and fast even when there's a crowd. Nice addition to Oak Streets array of restaurants.Loved the atmosphere and the staff were so friendly but the pastries were well everything you expect from but hope you're wrong about whole grain. The carrot cake was lovely to look at but heavy, dense and almost cloyingly sweet and the brownie though it did have some very nice chunks of chocolate was dry and both pastries tasted stale. This was similar to another Oak Street pastry shop that got rave reviews for their European style pastries. I'm beginning to doubt either sophistication or palate of the reviewers.This cate has vegan treats and cats! Lovely little patio out back. Highly recommend the stuffed brioche treats. The sourdough bread is also amazing! I was stuffed after spending the morning there. Such a lovely place to read a book and soak in the sun.I adore this place and I am once again filled with rage that it wasn't yet around when I lived in NOLA.  Isn't that always the case?  You stopping living or going somewhere and BAM, all all kinds of awesome establishments pop up strictly to spite you.  Not cool Breads, not cool!
Anyway, we roll up to this place around 2 - wise maneuver as the sit down dining area is rather limited and we were able to snag a table for four.  Most of Breads seems to be occupied by a large scale bakery operation and there were all kinds of fancy delicious-looking bread loaves on display, taunting my repressed carboloading sensibilities.  Of course the downside of arriving near closing was that sandwich selections had dwindled to a few, with only the vegan roasted eggplant left for my choosing.  I ain't crying because that sandwich was pretty darn amazing!  I mean, sure it was perhaps a tad excessively bready, but man I was all about the perfect balance of roasted eggplant, tomatoes, and peppers and walnut basil pesto.  The sandwiches arrived with some toasted olive bread morsels (I think?) in lieu of chips.  There was some sort of tempeh etouffee that one of my compadres sampled, that I was kind of jealous about.  All four of us were really happy with our sandwiches, which I consider a victory since yours truly insisted that we absolutely had to have lunch here.  
We also ordered up a bunch of vegan desserts - chocolate banana brownie, orange creme cake, carrot cake, and fruit filled cake.  Skip the chocolate banana brownie, but a resounding "hell yes" to the other three.  One of my friends remarked that the desserts tasty "healthy" in that whole wheat pastry flour was probably utilized instead of bleached white flour, but this made consumption slightly more guilt-free (obvs!). 
The only "con" worth noting is the extended wait that might occur when ordering and waiting to receive your items.  I'm not sure why exactly, but there seemed to be some confusion with other patrons receiving incorrect order or something . . . 
Anyway, super glad to have discovered this place and maybe, just maybe, I'll buy myself a loaf of bread next time and eat the whole thing entirely in the dark.  Eating bread in the dark means zero net carbs, right?!My best friend and I died and went to heaven when we visited Breads on Oak. Their pastry selection is the best I have ever seen (I live in Los Angeles) and the staff is awesome. Another great thing to mention is that they have alcohol at this cafe, which is so unusual to me. We drank mimosas, ate breakfast sandwiches and stuffed our faces full deliciousness. The strawberry and cream brioche was the bomb.Heaven just got a little sweeter!  From sandwiches to desserts, Breads on Oak Cafe and Bakery is a vegan's dream come true.  The bread pudding, cinnamon rolls, and assortment of cakes, are decadent and more than worth the trip from the center of down town New Orleans for out of state travelers.  The Muffanada sandwich along with the pumpkin cheddar breakfast sandwich, were scrumptious and better than it's non-vegan versions.   A must stop for the vegan traveler when in New Orleans.  You will not be disappointed.I spend a long time using the vegan+gluten free+bakery=kindergarden paste joke.  No more!  This is the first vegan bakery I prefer over non-vegan.  The Egg McVegan and Cheddar Pumpkin Andoullie biscuit sandwich are two of my favorite things in the world!!  I've hooked many friends on them.  And my tummy feels so much better after that with traditional breakfast sandwiches. 
Also on the favorite list: Chocolate chip walnut cookie, and those stuffed Brioches!!!  The gluten free rosemary coconut cookie was a little weird at first, but it's grown on me.  Love it all!At first I was a little skeptical trying an organic/vegan king cake but wow!!.. It absolutely blew my mind! This place is the real deal. The staff is super friendly and knowledgeable, and all their products are delicious and guilt-free. What more could you ask for? I cant wait to come back and try their other offerings. I hear the breads are to die for as well. Definitely two thumbs up for a place like this in New OrelansWhy is this place sooooo awesome? ???!!!!! I love the ambiance,  love the pastry,  love everything about it!  They have a ton of vegan options and they are known for using organic ingredients,  which I'm sooooo thankful for. have been there a few times and will continue to support :) their tarts are to die for.... their coconut and strawberry cake slices are beyond tasteful. It's a pleasure to spend my money here and watch them grow. The cashiers are among the sweetest people I've ever met in nola.Just because one avoids certain food groups doesn't mean the cravings for foods of old don't strike. Me? I had an unshakeable urge for a muffuletta, but no cheese, and definitely no meat disks. I really just wanted tangy olive salad, a creamy spread, and delicious bread. A sandwich that was great just as is- no substitutions, "let me check if we can do that", or feeling cheated by a $12 meal missing the high price items.
Dude, I found it. A vegan muffuletta. It didn't come easy. First, Breads on Oak is closed Monday and Tuesday. I saw the menu and waited two long long days to make it over. Probably expressed my excitement about the sandwich three times each day. Then, when Wednesday rolled around and we rolled in, there were no more muffulettas on display! No matter, no worries, I'm not giving up so easy-and the staff was more than happy to fix me up one. Their caveat was that the ciabatta was sold out for the day, so the bread wouldn't be quite what they usually serve it with. Fine, fine, I'm starting to drool over the thought of the juicy olive salad...and the pastries right in front of me are only keeping my hunger strong. Notice the cucumber sandwich- WHAT. Been needing this in my life too. Just throw it in the bag (except don't. I'm dining in)
Two sandwiches, two beautiful vegan sandwiches which do take a little bit of time to come out but there's bread samples to snack on while I wait. Two sandwiches which put the biggest smile on my face when I ate most of them in the neat, bustling bakery and then again when I munched the rest of the muffuletta while crossing the Louisiana border back to Houston. 
There are a few little vegan corners in New Orleans outside of the bigger restaurants, and I'm happy I found this one. They do serve cheese and seafood (not sure about meat), but everything is clearly marked.
Definitely going back for a fruit tart.Delicious vegan options in New Orleans were a pleasant surprise. I went to Breads on Oak with vegan and carnivores alike and all enjoyed the various vegan breakfast sandwiches. They also had plenty of options of milk alternatives!Amazing! If you are a vegan in New Orleans, this place is a must! We went there 3 times during a 5 day visit! They have a selection of vegan sandwiches (including a vegan muffaletta) and a HUGE variety of vegan baked treats. I personally ate a chocolate chip cookie, 2 cinnamon rolls and a pain au chocolat, and everything was outstanding! Thank you, Breads on Oak for making my visit to New Orleans very special for this vegan!!!!Amazing place! Incredible people! Unforgettably delicious food and desserts! Not to forget how at home I feel here. I don't want to leave!The bread such as baguettes are really very  good. Other offerings such as quiche are not so good, very heavy.  The prices are quite ridiculous however. I would buy bread regularly there but for the over pricing.I just left here for breakfast and I must say this place is AMAZING! A vegan and gluten free restaurant that makes their pastries fresh and on site, everything here is worth trying. I had the vegan shrimp brioche and sampled the TLTA sandwich my husband had. I am full. They have teas, juices, mimosas...you can't go wrong here. They even offer nut based mills with your coffee. I'm coming back here when I'm in town!Everything this place does is wonderful! I especially love the salmon & chèvre sandwich--tried to make it myself, but I can't recreate it even knowing the ingredients. 
The olive provence is just beautiful. It could be a meal in itself. I brought some home & had it with prosciutto & a nice red wine. Marvelous!
The quiches & tarts are great; I have yet to taste one I didn't love.Had a tempeh sandwich on buckwheat bread it was absolutely delicious. Really nice atmosphere in the cafe and I wish I had chosen an Airbnb in the neighborhood.Do not drink the coffee here! Nasty!!!
Everything else delicious! Love the oatmeal cookies and brownies!This review is for their website and their actual hours.  The website of this place says they are open until 5pm during the week but when you get to the actual location they actually close at 3pm.  Their Saturday hours listed on the website are until 5pm but in actuality they close at 3pm and then Noon on Sunday.  I've made several trips attempting to try this place out but they are closed every time I get there.  Working a regular 8 to 5 job makes it very hard to ever get to this place and I've nearly given up being able to ever find this place open.Super excited to have found this bakery!! They have great vegan options and everyone is super friendly!!
Had the most amazing sandwich and three desserts-- heavenly!!
5 stars!! 5 stars!!I made a  lengthy pilgrimage to Breads on Oak during my most recent trip to New Orleans, and it was so worth it.  They were in the process of making a heavenly looking King Cake bread pudding, but the lady on line in front of us bought the whole dang thing, making me regret heartily that I had not arrived a couple of minutes prior.  But let me tell you about the real reason this trip was so worthwhile: the Muffunada.  I'm having trouble finding the right words to express how happy this sandwich made me.  I was skeptical about how smoky maple tempeh and cashew cream would pair with olive salad, but let me tell you, I was quickly converted.  My only critique is that it was on the small side, but I suppose that left me with some room to try the free Sunday bread, so it all worked out.  I had a little piece of rustic peasant bread that was so good, it made me want to don a babushka and start singing about hayfields in springtime.
The hubs had the turkey sandwich and had high praise for all the 'wiched ingredients, but he found the bread a little too hard.  (Don't listen to him, he has bad taste in bread.)  We also had a slice of vegan chocolate cake, which was very moist but a little lacking in chocolatey-ness. Still, if you enjoy bread and/or you are a vegetarian, this place is an answer to prayer.  Nice courtyard with a resident cat, too.Breads on Oak is one of those special places that attempts to cater to all --and does this very, very well.   
Open Wednesday through Sunday with goods to satisfy the savory and sweet tooths of meat-eaters, vegetarians and vegans alike.  Despite being a bakery that creates beautiful gluten-lovely artisan breads, they also make an amazing VEGAN/GLUTEN-FREE (GF) double chocolate pecan brownie that is just unctuous.  With a texture somewhere between a brownie and a dense cake, it is incredibly moist and decadent with chunks of chocolate chips buried in each bite.  It will not disappoint. There's also a VEGAN/GF buckwheat breakfast biscuit (mock-egg tofu scramble, avocado, roasted red pepper, sprouts) that's quite satisfying.  If you can tolerate some gluten, the sandwiches can be made with the miche (low-gluten I believe, but double-check).  
What's great about this place is that the staff are usually very knowledgeable about what goes into their products, and when they don't know, they're always happy to find out for you.  Just ask!  If the line up on the weekend says anything about this place, it's that they're doing things right.What a wonderful surprise! Popped into this GEM on short vaca to New Orleans. Wonderful service, wide variety (it was overwhelming in best way) and the food was delic! Parking is easy too!This bakery is awesome. Awesome is actually an understatement!
My favorite items are the veggie quiche, chocolate chip banana muffin, vegan croissants, gluten free brownie, and tofu egg salad sandwich. 
When my non-vegan family was in town for Christmas, I took them there. And they begged to go back for breakfast another day. 
This place is actually pretty inexpensive considering you are getting the most amazing desserts and sandwiches!!!! 
This place helps prove that New Orleans is incredibly vegan friendly.  
Go there!!!I take back everything I said about not being able to survive as a vegan in NOLA. Breads on Oak, more than a bakery. I'll be back.really good food.  As a vegan i'm glad they had options for me.  they made a breakfast biscuit that was soooo delicious. I highly recommend.We had a delicious cinnamon roll and the egg frittata sandwich. Also had some good coffee drinks. Really liked the place and the vibe. They had free samples of their bread since it was a Sunday. I think the only way the sandwich could have been better is to add bacon...yep I'm not vegan, but I still liked the food!2 years later and they've only gotten better. Today they had as a special:  pumpkin cheddar biscuit with tofu scramble, andouille, arugula. I tried the muffanada instead, a vegan muffuletta with olive salad and tempeh. Just as I commented in my review two years ago, this was one of the best things I have ever eaten. Just unbelievably delicious. I have NEVER enjoyed tempeh until today.
I am so happy to see their customer-base grow. And they've worked out the kinks with their coffee! The espresso I had today was on point. Not to mention these folks are still the sweetest customer service team around, and their space is incredibly welcoming and comfortable. Go nourish your body and soul with fresh, organic, vegan, gluten free, decadent, paleo, french, New Orleans, Oak street neighborhood bliss. Breads On Oak continues to be all of that.I can't recommend this place highly enough. I was in NOLA for six weeks on a job and this quickly became one of my favorite spots. Ironically, the first time I went in I walked out empty-handed. I was looking for an egg/potato breakfast and this is more of a bakery. But there was something about the vibe of the place that brought me back a few days later, this time for a bread basket and coffee, and I absolutely loved it. The quality -and taste- of the coffee and baked goods is great enough (not just bread, but also quiches, tarts, etc.), but it was also the atmosphere (great light for reading at any of the nice wood tables) and the genuinely friendly staff. I particularly enjoyed the baguette and the fruit loaf (both the raisin and the date versions), and the home made satsuma jam was fantastic. I occasionally took some of their baguette sandwiches to go, and they were equally yummy. I'm happy to be back home, but I so dearly miss this place.Love, love, love me some Breads on Oak!  I have never had anything that didn't taste good (only had the sweet goodies) and my fave is the coconut rosemary cookie.  And I went in today and to my delight they now offer a discount if you bring your reuseable coffee cup.  Parking is a pain in the butt but it's so worth it.  Super nice folks to boot.Scrumptious! I am not a health-food superfan, but I LOVE their yummy treats including their vegan tea biscuit. It's like a delicious moist-in-a-good-way scone. I could not believe it was vegan. They also have really friendly people working there, which always puts me in a good mood.
Great place for a coffee date with a friend, or for having a solo reading session.Wow. So this place just opened today and it is fantastic. First let me say they are sampling basically everything they have. Second let me say, basically everything they have is AWESOME. The breads, the muffins, the breads, the breads, and the breads. Not only that but they want to talk to you. They want your input. The Baker, Sean, and his wife, Chamain, seemed like awesome people. The place even had the feel of a little French bakery. The best part, this stuff is generally healthy. They have a bunch of vegan options also if you are into that kind of thing. 
Point of the story, get over there NOW!Beautiful Products. Everything I've sampled from soup to baked goods is spot-on. The baguettes are inspiring and artisanal, and the pain au chocolat is worth a big detour. Breads on Oak is one of the best ways to start the morning.This review is long over due, but Breads on Oak is phenomenal!
It's a cozy little cafe/bakery with enough seating to hangout and get some work done if you'd like. The daily spread of pastries is incredible and its hard not to drool on yourself while trying to pick out a few. You honestly can not go wrong with any of them! Everything is Organic, and all natural, so you never leave feeling sluggish either. The staff is super friendly and personable, and it makes you feel like part of the "family" while you're in there hanging out. I make it appoint to drop in any time in the area, if you have not been yet you are missing out!Great place, great bread... good baguette (almost French). A nice patio and a good choice of sandwich and pastries. The area (end of oak) is quiet and nice. At a walking distance of the levee. On Sunday they offer bread and jelly. Nice staff.We got here an hour before closing, so unfortunately some of the more desirable lunch options were no longer available. The sandwiches we did end up with, turkey and eggplant, were good but not remarkable. They did offer a fair selection of samples of breads and crackers, which is helpful to taste before you purchase- while the bread products here are beautiful they aren't inexpensive
I think the menu is dying for a little bit more variety- some charcuterie plates, or dips for breads. Even a couple of soups, please! to go with the sandwichesMy fiancé and I loved this place every morning for breakfast during our visit to NOLA back in Nov. 2016! We stayed in an Air BnB right down the street and would stop in for some coffee and the Vegan breakfast sandwiches. The employees were so sweet and we loved the fact that one of the girls was a SoCal native where we are from which gave us a lot to chat aboutBreads on Oak has a GREAT selection of TASTY breads and vegan treats- the chocolate chip walnut cookies are my current favorite (and a girl needs to get in her omega 3's, right?!).  I have taken the olive bread (it has a fancier name than that though) to many a party and it has always been a huge success!  The owners are so friendly and the space is very inviting and clean which is an added plus.Where else in New Orleans can you get an organic, ancient grains heritage bread, a in-house baked vegan croissant, and an artfully-rendered fruit tart? Everything here is amazing - from the non-vegan items to the vegan quiche. There are really few places that make perfect croissants in house, even in France they are switching to less labor-intensive methods. But this place is a true hold out for the art of bakery. 
The ambiance is lovely, the location allows for ample parking (of cars or bikes), and the owners are genuinely good people. 
The weekly selection is awesome, and I love how they use local, organic, and whole wheat for many of their items. Its a kind of choose-your-own level of decadence!Best bakery in New Orleans. They have something for everybody whether you're a vegan or seafood-loving carnivore you won't leave disappointed. On top of that, the atmosphere is incredibly welcoming and it feels like you're in an old-world bakery.Super excited to have found this bakery!! They have great vegan options and everyone is super friendly!!
Had the most amazing sandwich and three desserts-- heavenly!!
5 stars!! 5 stars!!We had some guests visiting for the holidays which included life long meat eaters and a low maintenance vegan (in a pinch, just throw her a head of lettuce and box of Oreo's). 
We headed out for lunch and some siteseeing on Saturday. The "vegan" search on Yelp suggested "Bread on Oak".  This place is hidden at the far end of Oak but definitely worth the search and there is the benefit of available street parking.
When you step through the door, you are confronted with a large display case of baked goods and a even larger menu.  Place your order and find a place to wait for the food.  Saturday afternoon, there was a steady stream of customers coming through the door, but never more than 3 or 4 in line.  Fortunately, most of the business is take-out.  Seating is cozy with maybe 15 - 20 seats inside and more outside.
This turned out to be Vegan heaven.  Our guest, who spent the last decade frequenting vegan restaurants in NYC and Chicago, was very impressed with the offering.  Having said that, there is plenty on the menu for flesh eaters.  The mushroom soup was maybe the best I have ever had.  Great bread, lots of texture and taste without the experience of chewing on tree bark.  It made an average turkey sandwich worth coming back for.  The  non-vegans raved about the quiche.  I was a little surprised to find that the drink choices are limited to non carbonated beverages.  Fine, give me a glass of the free water.  
Definitely plan to visit again.If there is ever a place that could be considered Vegan Valhalla on Earth, housed in one single business, it's this Bakery! Oh, if Odin the god could have visited here too. A travel weary warrior can feast here for days. As I found out too, there is an AirBnB housed in the building. Now, just think of waking up (Wed-Sunday) going out the door, then right into the Cafe for your breakfast and coffee and a VEGAN sweet treat to start your day in NOLA. I am Star Struck and have been blessed by the Gods of Asgard. Frigg the goddess, must have been the muse for this place, because there is a great deal of amazing female energy here. The creative nature of the food options must be super hero inspired! This place is truly a slice of heaven and the flour must have been milled by Thor's hammer, and it can even be shared with your non-vegan family and friends. It's a NOLA Gem, an infinity stone, from front to back top to bottom and from the people who service the bakery in the back to the Counter help that delighted me with the news, "Oh, you should ask me what is Not Vegan, rather than what is." 99% of this place is Vegan fare and you will not be disappointed, vegan or not! Sure, some of it's a bit pricey, but I'll tell you this, I would gladly pay a bit more for better ingredients and a healthier option for my tummy! So, if you are ever in the NOLA area go by here and grab a bite to eat, it will have you quivering from Brain to Booty with orgasmic delight. But Please, don't twerk over my muffins! If you want to feast with the gods of NOLA or take a bit of pirate treasure home, then my friends, this is the place to check out. Gluten free options too and so much vegan love, it's like getting a foodie hug with a cup of Java. I had a cup of Cafe Latte, the Cinnamon Rasin Roll and the Veggie Quiche.  I took for my flight home, the Coconut Rosemary Cookie GF and a Vegan Bueberry Brioche, Damn Life is good! The only thing better would be this bakery being open every day of the week, but then, what would I have to look forward to if I wasn't deprived and teased just a bit. LOL.  Rock on 'Breads on Oak,' rock on you sirens of salivation!Brilliant bakery for loaves, cakes, soups, pies n pasties; we trust they'll keep up the good work and great service too!Breads on Oak is one of those places that, if when I'm 80 years old and have moved away, I will still be reminiscing with my friends: "Remember when we used to go to Breads on Oak?" I hope there is a Breads on Oak in heaven so we can go there on Wednesday mornings for eternity. Great service. Fresh herbs outside. Enchanting patio inside/outside. The wonderful breads, pastries and coffee are just the icing on the cake. I am proud to have found this place.This place promises healthy options to suit most diets, vegan and gluten-free included, but like most places in New Orleans, it can't and doesn't want to be just that. It also offers up plenty of classically indulgent bakery items. My long-awaited first visit (too long, really), suggests that they are quite capable of executing both sides of their concept.
The buckwheat roll with tofu and sprouts certainly tasted like health food, which I'm cool with but I imagine not all will be. However, the cinnamon walnut roll I added was as gigantic and delightfully sugary. Sure to satisfy even a carnivorous Southerner. I took my time with it.
The place runs as a cafe (with plenty more items I would like to try) and as a bakery (with delicious looking fresh loaves, a basket for cheap and presumably less fresh leftovers, and things like "adult" flavored king cakes). The building looks small, but has outdoor seating, a bit of a bar, tables, and a hidden courtyard. On a nice day, it looks to be quite the place to eat. Admittedly, I came when the other place I thought to try was crowded, but here I only just beat the crowd on a weekend morning. It wasn't overly expensive either, as health-food-y places can be.
The only real drawback I can see, if you want to call it that, is that the location is a bit out there from downtown New Orleans, pushing right up to the edge of Orleans Parish. But wandering through the outskirts of a city often has its rewards.Great food, great people, amazing atmosphere! I went here while I was in town for Mardi Gras, and I can honestly say it's one of the, if not the best, place I went to while down in New Orleans. I highly recommend making the trip down to Oak St.I imagine this place is what heaven smells like. So many vegan treats here, all were amazing and everyone was so nice! We went here so many times during our visit to NOLA. This is a must try if you're in town. I do have a warning though, be careful driving here. The roads leading up have so many potholesDelicious plant based food. Very friendly and knowledgeable service, love their mission statement. Great place for vegans and non-vegans. Brought my 4 non-vegan friends and they loved it! Must get the cinnamon roll when you come.I didn't realize it was a vegan restaurant, but the sweets in the window looked so good that I still wanted to try. The employees were very knowledgeable and answered all of my questions because I have never tasted meat substitutes. I ended up being still hesitant and tried the veggie "live food" sandwich and a raspberry thumbprint cookie and a San pellegrino. It was under $13 so reasonably priced.  I appreciated that The miso spread and vegenaise was light as I don't like Mayo anyway. Overall it had good flavor and bread soft, just too many carrots. The cookie was to die for I could have eaten 6 of them. My only complaint is that there were only 3-4 items that didn't contain meat substitute.  I would love to see more variety in that space and it would motivate me to come back for more then just cookies.Seriously the best vegan quiche I've ever had. Everything on their menu is vegan and oh so very delicious.All and all, this was a good experience. We ended up eating here after our bad experience at Vegan Wit a Twist. The staff was beyond helpful in ensuring that my wife got a gluten free meal along with them also being one hundred percent vegan. She enjoyed her meal and latte, and we even got gluten free brownies to take home.
I'd definitely recommend this place as a good spot to find a satisfying vegan and gluten free breakfast or lunch.I found a vegan spot around the corner from the Residence Inn on St. Charles. The inside was beautiful and very clean. This entire trip i played it safe with the vast variety of foods, so I found a spot where I didn't have to proofread the menu for any meat products.... great findI'm so bummed I live in California!!. This place has amazing vegan food!!! I found it on our last day in NOLA.  I ordered some food to go and ate a thumbprint cookie on the plane home.  I almost started crying it was so good.  If I ever get back there this will be my first stop!I love here！！ I bought pumpkin biscuits. These are delicious！！I want to try other breads, too！Stuffs are N ice, too.I'm not Vegan but my BFF is. We came to Breads on Oak Cafe for me not realizing it is an all Vegan Cafe. We were pleasantly surprised. 
I'm hard to impress when it comes to Vegan cuisine. Breads on Oak has it going on! Every single thing was delicious! 
Warm chocolate chip cookies, thumb print cookies, YUM! 
My avocado toast with pickled cucumber was the best thing I had eaten all day! Seriously so good! 
My BFF loved her *Sausage, Egg & Cheese* biscuit, she loved it so much she got another to go.
5 plus stars!worth every penny. Incredible vegan pastries at mostly affordable prices. If vegan this is a must breakfast/coffee stop!Yummy. We got there early in the morning so we got to get 'em super fresh. I lovve the rosemary coconut cookie, everything else looks so tasty & enjoyed looking out at the streetgoers while sitting inside. Update, I ate two cookies and now I am KO. I will definitely get more coconut treats, I am very inspired.Came here on a Friday morning for breakfast! I was super excited to try it since it was near my hotel. There were a few people in line but it moved quickly. I got the biscuit tower and an iced coffee. Loved everything - may come back tomorrow!Overall i would give this place 3 stars. The food was okay not great. I had the sausage & "egg" biscuit- aka tofu scramble. Everything tasted like bland mush. The biscuit wasn't too too bad like I said just okay. However, I did enjoy my coffee. The ambiance was cool and I received great customer service.Man i wish this is closer to me because that Bavarian King cake was amazinggg. They were sold out of the full cake so I couldn't bring it home. Each bite just melts in your mouth. A lovely all vegan spot a short walk from the inn we were staying at. I really wish I was able to bring this home with me.So happy that there is finally a vegan/vegetarian option in the CBD. No one does it better.I *love* baked goods, and considering Breads on Oak has been named best bakery in Louisiana by Yelp and BuzzFeed, I had to visit!
There are plenty of baked goods in the display when you first enter, but in the fridge section, there are also some slightly less fresh baked goods that are 50% off! There were a few chocolate brioches over there that caught my eye, but I didn't end up getting one because I was very single-minded about wanting to try a biscuit. 
I love biscuits so much, but it's hard to find good ones that are vegetarian. Since everything here is vegan, I knew this was my chance! I got the Egg O'Vegan. It was about the size of my palm, which is not a very big palm, so at first I thought it was kind of small, but it was VERY filling. Can't believe it needs to be said, but just because something is vegan does not mean it is not heavy food, so this was still heavy in the way a biscuit generally is. It was super yummy and rich! I do wish it came with more condiments like hot sauce, but I did see some girls who ordered the same thing as me with hot sauce on their table, so they either keep it in their bags á la Beyoncé or asked for it, which I am too introverted to do.
What I was most impressed by was definitely the customer service. The people operating the register were very personable, starting conversations with those they could tell were in the mood for it, and I overheard them offering free cookies to some customers who had longer waits for their food. They also stopped by each party of people in the store just checking in and seeing if everything was okay, which I appreciated very much!
My last note is that they also have a bargain bin with loafs of bread by the register that cost $3. I would have absolutely bought one, but there was no way it could fit in my carry on luggage. Next time, I'll be sure to bring a big enough bag to fit half the goods in the store inside!Witnessed the owner sean throw a pan at his employee for making a simple mistake. 
Other guests have witnessed Numerous times of charmaine and sean making Anti-Black jokes about resumes.  This is UNACCEPTABLE. 
New Orleans welcomes EVERYONE,it is such a shame to see people who literally can't trace their roots here down their own employees, it's not a surprising at all.Great vegan food in the heart of downtown! Super convenient if you're staying downtown and can't go all the way across town for snacksYum! We came here for coffee and dessert. The cookies are sooooo good, the coffee was great and the cake was amazing! Next time we'll try the bread but I love that everything was vegan. They've got nice outdoor seating tooVery clean and the food was excellent. My "sausage" biscuit was delicious. Neither my wife nor me could say it wasn't meat!Cute little bakery and cafe place. Located eighth underneath our hotel so that was a definite plus! We tried a variety of pastries and a sausage breakfast sandwich. Everything was unique (especially the rosemary and coconut cookie) and very tasteful. The moisture and texture of all the bakery were perfect.While visiting NOLA, my niece and I did a food crawl of bakeries and patisseries and just happened across this place. We both are into baked goods and artisanal breads. Looked very promising when we entered with beautiful breads and baked goods on display. We got an assortment of things to try including the morning glory tea cake, blueberry tea cake, coconut rosemary cookie, rumble and coffee. All were pretty flavorless. Morning glory tea cake was the best of the lot. I appreciate that the bakers are focused on using wholesome, organic ingredients but they need work on flavor. We did not get an opportunity to try the bread since we were just starting our day and didn't want to keep up with a bag of bread.
The most disappointing element of this experience however was the absolute rudeness and snobbery of the two ladies working the counter. When we asked questions regarding the bread and cookies we were met with impolite shortness... not like other bakers in the trade who are happy to share their passion with their customers. I would not recommend this stop to others. Instead check out T & M breads and pastries just around the corner, the Bywater Bakery for amazing atmosphere, friendly service and a scrumptious selection of baked goodness or Angelo Brocotto's for that authentic old school Italian sweets and baked arts with friendly, neighborhood service.Delicious bakery with amazing biscuits!  Excellent staff...friendly, welcoming & happy to help!I was worried coming to Nola about vegan options but LOVED this fully vegan cafe/bakery! So many options! Loved the biscuits - super unique and delicious. My friend and I got the pumpkin cheddar biscuit and it was great. It's kinda pricey though and pretty small. I tried the strawberry biscuit one day and it was kinda dry? but the peanut butter blondie was amazing! I will say their customer service is kinda bad especially on weekends when they have a line. The lady at the checkout counter couldn't process orders and all we needed was our pastry to be taken out of the glass case and it took like 20 minutes.Vegan and eco friendly! Great Vegan pastries. Friendly staff. Have breakfast and lunch options.Wow just wow what a bakery! So many fresh options vegan everything even a king cake! Coffee has lots of non dairy options including oat milk. Fantastic tofu scramble biscuits breads and pastries of all kinds! Impressive selection don't miss this amazing Bakery!!We were looking for a breakfast place close to hotel. The food is all plant based and organic, and it tastes amazing!!! Must try if looking for a quick bite.Recently dairy free due to my breastfed baby's milk protein allergy. I haven't eaten *rich* and *satisfying* vegan food in a long long time (until today). This was 1,000% the best vegan breakfast I've ever had. After I tried a few bites, I realized how amazing it was. I got to order with no wait, but there was a line out-the-door the rest of the time I was there.  I am disappointed I didn't buy a bakery treat on first pass. (But also - they get through their line really fast - so don't be deterred if you see one!  I just had an appt with a strict start time!)The original Breads on Oak is one of my favorite bakeries/ cafes anywhere. I'm excited that they have another location closet to the French Quarter and the Marigny and Bywater. The food is the same delicious vegan fare at the original which is various vegan breakfast sandwiches on incredible flaky biscuits. Some have sausage patties, smart bacon, tofu scramble, etc. Very very good! Highly recommended! 
They also have super fine sweet yummy baked goods like Boston cream pie brioche or cinnamon brioche. 
Today they didn't have cold brew which was a bummer but they've never disappointed before so we'll keep it at a solid 5 stars.
The space is pleasant with plenty of seating.It's hard to believe that the food here is vegan...even the bread. This is by far the best vegan restaurant that doesn't cover up the tastes and flavors of vegan food by frying with grease, topped with basic condiments. Everything tastes fresh and wonderful! Having to almost eat through  the entire menu at both locations, there isn't anything I wouldn't order again. My favorite selections are the chocolate cake, pumpkin cheddar biscuit sandwich, thumbprint cookie, and live food sandwich. My least favorite is the muffuletta (I'm not a huge fan of olives). 
I gave four stars for the reasons below:
It's been "rumored" that the owners are not the best with their employees. I hope this isn't the case but if it is, there needs to be a resolution. I know quite a few vegans that do not eat here because of this.
Uber delivery options has glitches. Only with this establishment do I have difficulty with placing orders via Uber. Last week, their system was down at both locations for a few days and pick up was the only option. I hope this is resolved soon as well.I got the TTYL sandwich and caesar salad yesterday for my hungover and it saved me. Went back today for breakfast and  the Pumpkin cheddar biscuit was * chefs kiss*
Its hard to find vegan food thats so consistently good, but this is a bakery im going to dream about when i leave back to houstonI spend a decent amount of my mornings here when in New Orleans and I order the same thing every single time, 2 sausage biscuits add cheddar cheese, and a coffee if needed lol. This past week was my first time visiting this location since opening back up and the experience/customer service is consistent at both locations. The biscuits are perfect, warm, and flaky; the brownies/cookies are out of this world, and the coffee is fresh. There is such a huge collection of desserts to choose from, I can never decide! This place was listed as New Orleans' #1 vegan restaurant this past year and I must say, the food, the desserts, the customer service all speak for itself! Can't wait to be back! I miss it already!Do yourself a favor and get their king cake. Do yourself a favor and get their king cake. Do yourself a favor and get their king cake. Do yourself a favor and get their king cake. Do yourself a favor and get their king cake. Do yourself a favor and get their king cake. 
I don't know what else to tell you. Whether you are vegan or not, the king cake from this  place is a real treat. Unless you wannA miss out, don't walk... RUN!!!Had a salad and a sandwich. Everything was fresh and delicious. The service was friendly. Had a latte with out milk and was also good.MUST VISIT!! Amazing all-vegan options, super nice staff, and great service. All of the food was delicious and even the non-vegans enjoyed. :)What a gem! Found it through the Happy Cow app. Everything is vegan and delicious. Came back for more. Staff was wonderful. Get some sourdough bread for home and one of their pastries for dessertIt was pretty good! The desserts were v good and the fact that the whole menu was vegan was impeccable bc thats #rare in most places. my pops loved the little cookie things with the jelly on top but i forget what they're called. go check it aaauuutI have been here a couple of times to buy treats from their bakery. My work has purchased king cakes from here in the past also. All have been delicious. 
All of their items are vegan and quite yummy - even the king cakes!
They have the best Raspberry Thumbprint Cookie I have ever eaten. I also like the Chocolate Chip Walnut Cookie.
The prices are on the higher side though. The cookies are $3.00 each.
Besides the awesome bakery, they offer coffees, breakfast and lunch fare, too.What an incredible place! Everything they serve is vegan and delicious! The counter staff was very friendly and happy to help. We came here twice on our trip and tried three types of breakfast sandwiches, a slice of vegan King Cake (AMAZING), and the coffee. This bakery is definitely must for vegans visiting New Orleans!We came here for breakfast the first day of our NO trip, and liked it so much that we came back every day after that. The highlights were the breakfast biscuits (both the holy aioli and the pumpkin cheddar), and the brioches (Boston cream, praline, and berries&cream). Everyone there was super nice too. Highly recommend this place.I'm not a vegan. I'm an omnivore. But I came here first with a vegan friend and got the Muffanada, and I'm hooked. I get a Muffanda at least once a week, and they're consistently delicious. Every time.  The Live Food sandwich is also really good, but I go with the Muffanada almost every time.The coffee's great, and the pastries are amazing--those cinnamon rolls!!!
The staff is always very friendly, so it's just a pleasant experience all around, and really an unexpected treat for me when I returned to working in the CBD.The ring king is very good, very clean inside, friendly staff, love that all products are vegan and very good location - everything is fresh!Great place for vegan options. Honestly I am not vegan but I cannot stop going there. I am in new orleans for 5 days and been going there for breakfast for the last 3 days. Excellent customer service and so friendly. I had the vegan pumpkin chedder breakfast. Also the avocado toast. A must try is the praline pecan brioche so so so so good. Also the coconut rosmary cookie another a must try. Will be back for my last breakfast and treat before leaving NOLAI came on vacation, the day after trying the original location in uptown, and was again amazed what this vegan bakery can do. They clearly had some staff from the original helping with the growing pains of this new location, but everything was relatively prompt and smooth. The king cake with almond cream was devine and the sea no evil sandwich along with the cesar had every bit of flavor of real seafood. I wish we had a vegan bakery like this in Miami!I had to visit  because it's entirely vegan! They have so many options as well as a sit down area to eat something off of their all-day breakfast menu. I was given free tasters of the king cake. I really liked it! The  frosting wasn't too sweet and the cinnamon inside was like the cinnamon and sugar mix of a cinnamon roll. I also got the morning glory tea biscuIt, pumpkin cheddar biscuit, pecan brownie  and chocolate chip walnut coconut. 
The employees were also super nice and gave us a bunch of free samples. I was pleasantly surprised  that so many non-vegan people were there for coffee  and happy to  see everyone enjoying vegan baked goods. 
I'll definitely come back if I'm back in town!The best bakery in town. They have the friendliest staff ever! Not to play favorites, but Bridget is particularly sweet and so patient when you're overwhelmed with ordering (way too many delectable options!)! I'm so grateful this new location opened up. Tip: don't pass up the cookies and cream eclair!Great all vegan cafe! Huge selection of vegan baked goodies... breads and desserts. I think they offer vegan cakes too. 
Cafe menu of breakfast sandwiches and lunch sandwiches. I came here with my non-vegan friend and he enjoyed it too. The only thing to be aware of is vegan biscuits are generally drier than traditional biscuits. 
The TLTA sandwich is fantastic! I would recommend that one to anyone, esp if you already know you like tempeh. The fries are so delicious and the aoli that comes with these are the perfect blend of garlic while not being too heavy.I was so excited to visit this spot while in New Orleans. It is a very cute storefront that has intimate seating. There's a really cute bar w/ stools at the window that you can sit at, or tables. Seating has a "patio vibe" but is indoors. Very cute. The ladies behind the counter were super friendly too! I was, however, a little disappointed in the pumpkin cheddar biscuit. It wasn't bad but wasn't as flavorful as I had imagined. sriracha spruced it up a bit. It was also much smaller than it appears in pictures. I remember thinking "I could make this at home." - Glad I didn't have to though. For that, I didn't care for the price of the biscuit. All in all, I'm glad I stopped in. I definitely wish I could've made it back to try the king cake! It looked really good.This place is a standout dining experience, regardless of whether you're searching for vegan food or not. The food was unforgettably flavourful and fresh. The service was superb. The place was clean and set up in a way that made social distancing oneself easy.  I highly recommend the Holy Aoli biscuit.  It was hands down the best biscuit I've ever had IN MY LIFE (and I'm southern).  The food and pastries  here were so good that I came back 2 days in a row and took a biscuit to go!  Don't miss out on this place. It will be worth whatever detour you need to make to get there. 
P.s. I love that they carry local brands like Big Easy Bucha.I had their breakfast sandwich and kings cake several months back and couldn't stop craving either. Came back to NOLA with one goal: get that breakfast sandwich! It is absolutely remarkable. I look forward to my next visit just for this sandwich!Incredibly rude staff. The man working the morning (11am) 03/09/21 has a terrible attitude a d probably should not work in the service industry.One of the things I love about New Orleans is the food. And here, the pastries and brad's reign supreme.
I ordered the Egg O'Vegan. This is an all-vegan  biscuit with housemade tofu scramble, bacon and provolone.  Okay, I'm not a fan of this, the "take bacon" tastes like spam. There are many better bacon substitutes out there (adzuki strips for one). However, the biscuit was wonderful and the "egg scramble was okay. 
I also ordered a piece of King Cake with a pecan filling. Now that is HEAVEN! Absolute heaven. And the Cafe au Lait (vegan) was delightful. 
All-in-all it was a good meal. Some of it is wow-worthy and some of it is eh! 
They serve food on wooden paddles with real silverware to lower their carbon footprint. Kudos for this.Breakfast time! Love the cute cozy decor. Lots of homemade pasteries and they were delicious. We got the blueberry scone, the boston cream pie brochie, rosemary cookie, peanut butter cookie and a sausage biscuit. Great service too. Definately recommend checking this place out.I've been putting off writing this for review fear of a. getting hungry when I'm not actually hungry and b. becoming woeful because Breads On Oak is about a thousand miles away from where I am currently. I'll take that risk. They're worth it.
Mardi Gras means many different things for people. If I had to give two words, I'd say "king cake" and "hungry" (OK that's three words. I'm too verbose for these games.) Breads on Oak was my savior this Mardi Gras because they fulfilled my king cake needs as well as my need for sustenance during trying times (ie, so many businesses are closed on MG day itself and vegan food is VERY hard to come by if you don't plan ahead/have a kitchen). 
Lucky me to be a five minute walk from the new outpost of Breads on Oak during this precious time that can be both delicious (king cakes!) and trying (where am I gonna eat?) I was so excited to see that my hotel was just a few blocks away and headed here first thing on Lundi Gras. I ordered the entire menu.  Almost. Sadly, they were no longer selling entire king cakes (really not such a bad thing. I don't need to be eating an entire king cake in just a couple days), so I chose both varieties of what they were slicing up that day (not the boozy variety, sadly!), as well as a pumpkin cheddar biscuit sandwich (a long time favorite), a vegan muffaletta ("Muffanada") for me to devour the next day when I knew I'd be starving, and an enormous loaf of Olive Provence bread (also a long time favorite). On my second visit, just two days later, I returned for a biscuit tower, "cheese" grits and a cinnamon walnut brioche. You can't doubt my commitment to Breads on Oak.
Verdict: pumpkin cheddar biscuit, I can't quit you. This will always be my go-to, with it's buttery tofu scramble and andouille "sausage" that practically melts in your mouth. In comparison, the biscuit tower, while hearty and tasty, has a sausage that's a bit too toothsome and meaty for me. I also loved the Muffanda, which was the perfect Mardi Gras dinner. I never had a "real" muffaletta, but this sandwich is delicious with its variety of vegan meats + provolone and of course the olive salad that truly makes the sandwich. It also holds up a day after purchase in the fridge. 
Sweets: Them king cakes... I've talked about how good these are before (I actually paid a small fortune in Uber rides when I had to go Uptown for them). I prefer fruit-filled, but wouldn't throw the chocolate and almond creme varieties outta bed! Finally, the brioche is perfectly flaky, not too sweet, with just the perfect amount of cinnamon. HUGE fan!
The staff here is so informative and helpful. On both visits, I sat there and listened to them chatting with a variety of customers. If you know what you want, they leave you be, but if you're kinda clueless and/or curious, they've got you covered. 
I prefer this cafe to the one Uptown and not just by virtue of it being more accessible to when I usually am located in town. The layout is much more spacious, with tons of seating. 
Pro-tip: If you're anything like me and apt to get overwhelmed when first encountering a menu where you don't have one or two options, check out their menu ahead of time! There are so many different breads, salads, sandwiches, brioche and pastries (the sweets change daily so you're going to have to look at these when you get there). 
I'm sure you've gathered by the end of this review that Breads on Oak is vegan nirvana if you're as obsessed with baked goods and biscuits as I am. And the truth is, while I'm obsessed with sweet baked goods, I'm honestly not a huge bread fan in general unless it's the rare amazing variety as sold here. Then, suddenly I am obsessed and prone to putting on my best Oprah, "I. Love. Bread." I get it. Finally, I get it.One of the best quiches I've ever had - let alone vegan one. I think this had a tofu base, but you would never know - even if you don't like tofu - or aren't vegan - highly recommend coming here and getting this! They also had great bread  - sourdough and whole wheat. Looking forward to returning next time i'm in NOLA!I love this location of Breads on Oak. They are super convenient, located at lucky 222 Carondelet St in the CBD, walkable from the FQ and a great spot for breakfast and lunch for vegans and non vegans. The coffee is always great and hot. I stopped there this morning to get some Muffanadas for my coworker and me. It was so quick and the sandwiches are to die for!!!! (Tip to Try: I love ALL their bread, try the baguette, but for the sandwiches, try subbing out the sesame roll for a brioche roll.  ) So good! I love all their pastries and sweet treats too, but I was in the mood for savory today, and super hungry after my yoga this morning. 20/10 stars, all the thumbs up! Love BOO!Best food had in New Orleans.
Flavorful, fresh, and quick!!
Loved the aioli biscuit and pumpkin cheddar. The Praline pastry toasted was perfect. You ever go someplace and get sad mid meal because you know it'll be a while until you get it again..that was this meal lolThought it was gonna be good, next to our hotel. Everything was organic so I'm like it's gonna be good, took a bite and spit it out. Gave it to the homeless people outside the door. They didn't even want itQuaint little spot in French Quarter, while the prices reflect perfection, the taste does not. This has to be the worst carrot cake I've ever had. The cake was dry and pasty, the icing was good though. Still a loss at $9, for a slice of cake, that's even more than in a restaurant. I have yet to try the brownie, but bought some for a friend as well, he wasn't impressedBreads on Oak was such a nice find in the CBD! I have been meaning to try the cafe after hearing such good reviews from friends and I am really glad that I finally got the chance to. As mentioned in several of the other reviews, all of the menu items here are vegan. I wanted to grab a fresh lunch that was healthy and I decided to stop by. I had the Fancy Farmer sandwich and all of the flavors were so on point. The sandwich has a mix of sauces including mustard and a sweet sauce which balances out the flavor. I was so surprised by how full I was with it and the sandwich was made really well. In addition to the sandwich, I also grabbed one of their iced teas and I noticed that they use sustainable straw-less cups which I really appreciated. Although I got my order to go, I was pleasantly surprised by the space there when I went to pick up my food. There was plenty of seating and outlets and I would definitely like to come back here to study in the future!They have great vegan options, a great atmosphere and a wonderful staff! Got there early to avoid a crowd!If you are Vegan, this is the place for you. It is outstanding. They have scrambled eggs made out of tofu!!