The place was way understaffed.  Our meal took over 3 hours.  Our waiter was overwhelmed even though he really tried his best.  He was friendly and knowledgeable but was waiting on 60 people by himself.  I never got my salad.  My friend never got his soup or salad.  The food we did was above average.  Delicious shrimp remoulade.  Delicious oysters rockefeller.  But the popcorn shrimp over creamed spinach was too heavy and lacked any true kick.  Bananas foster was ok.  More for show than the actual dish.  Would have given it 3 stars but not enough waiters for a full house the day I went.Yes it's famous but this was the definition of a tourist trap. Food was passable, although boring and wildly overpricedThis legend has succumbed to greed. Mass production with hordes of overbooked tourists. Sunday Brunch included some prior diner's lipstick on the water glasses, a rubber band in the salad, and a cold small piece of Bananas Foster flamed out of sight in another room. Despite reservations, an hour wait to get in. At least the prices remain legendary. If you want Brennan's go to Dickie Brennan's Steak House or Commander's Palalce where the service and food are still legendary.Located in the heart of the French Quarter, Brennan's - known for its outstanding cuisine, unsurpassed wine list, and impeccable service - has been a New Orleans tradition since it opened its doors 1946. The famous "Breakfast at Brennan's" is a prix fixe affair, three courses for $36.00, although several choices carry a surcharge. Far more economical than breakfast is the prix fixe dinner menu, four hearty courses for $45.00 (again, an additional charge is applied to certain appetizer and dessert selections). We started with a spicy Creole Onion Soup and a rich and creamy Oyster Soup Brennan, followed by the Brennan Salad, crispy Romaine leaves dressed with a tangy Creole dressing, freshly grated Parmesan, and croutons. For our main courses we selected blackened redfish, coated with the kitchen's special blend of seasonings, grilled to perfection and served with glazed carrots, and Shrimp Samantha, a combination of Gulf shrimp and spicy Cajun sausage sauteed with fresh mushrooms, garlic, green onions, white wine, and spices, presented on a bed of parsley rice. On the dessert menu, annoyingly, although not surprisingly, Brennan's most famous creation - Bananas Foster - carries a $5.00 surcharge. The dish - bananas sauteed in butter, brown sugar, cinnamon, and banana liqueur, then flamed in rum - is served over vanilla ice cream, and its reputation is well deserved. Service was extremely attentive without being intrusive. Our courses were served at a leisurely pace, allowing us to savor the memory of each before the next was placed before us. We departed fully satisfied and feeling the relatively low cost for the quality of what we had consumed makes Brennan's an excellent value and worthy of a return visit.my friends and i had brunch here.  the waitstaff was friendly and attentive.  brennan's serves cafe du monde coffee which i love.  i ordered the breakfast combo of deepfried oysters benedict and strawberry & creamcheese crepes.  the food was delicious, but wayy overpriced.Breakfast at Brennans is a world class meal. Totally GREAT!!! Everything is exceptional with no exceptions. Can't miss the bannas foster, a classic dish invented here. The only warning is to leave your schedule open for several hours after the meal for a nap and recovery time from the rich, plentiful dishes. I just wish I had 7 or 8 stars to give.We were in New Orleans for Thanksgiving and went to Brennan's on the recommendation of a friend. Next time we'll go somewhere else. Our server, Alex, was helpful and had good recommendations; the Filet Stanley was flavorful and unique, even if it was a little overcooked for my medium-rare palate. Unfortunately, he was not able to steer us away from the disastrous Shrimp Creole. The parsley rice was alright, but that is where this dish ended. The gulf shrimp, which had not been deveined, were overcooked in a "Creole" sauce that tasted like overly starchy canned tomato sauce. After being charged for the dish that remained untouched and taking our prix fixe dessert to go, I will not recommend this place for anyone  that is looking for a good local eatery, This place is overpriced, pretentious and  to put if frankly, I am disappointed .I've been to many private events here that have been enjoyable and I've also generally enjoyed lunch and dinner here.  I personally enjoy what some people call the "old fashioned" style of food here.  I'm not the biggest fan of breakfast and I don't really like bananas so those factors reduce the full enjoyment of the charms this place offers.  I do like some brunch items far more than "standard" breakfast fare and New Orleans breakfast items are usually much better to me than what exists in the rest of America; so brunch is far more acceptable than breakfast to me and I do love some good grillades.  
I'm disappointed in how much they have allowed the dress code to slide in this establishment and unfortunately that seems to be a trend in too many places.  There are many other places that I enjoy brunch at more but Brennan's is an experience that is fun occasionally (but probably the most expensive experience of any brunch in NOLA).  I think lunch is probably the best value and a good way to experience some of what Brennan's has to offer.Must every other dessert be served flaming and must our server shout across the room at us to make sure we see him cooking it? This place was listed in every guidebook in our bed and breakfast in New Orleans, I should have been forewarned that this place was more tourist trap than fine dining. 
Our meal (brunch mind you) was just not as dear as what we payed for it. I ordered the eggs hussarde as part of the prix fixe and while they were delicious the eggs bayou that my husband ordered were completely bland and the soups weren't in anyway memorable.
And maybe it's just me --or part of being a yankee!-- but I found service way ~too~ friendly. Seriously just bring me my meal and let me eat in peace and please don't pour me more water and ask me how everything is every three minutes, you are just going to annoy me. Back off!I am practicing short reviews... I am not good at them.
1)  Beautiful restaurant, courtyard, etc.  
2)  Southern to a tee... you can play at being southern royalty as they take your jackets, serve you flavoured booze to stave off the hangover and to reinforce the idea that coloured alcohol makes you look like less of an alcoholic.  However, before the end of the meal I have a coffee cup, mimosa, bloody mary, glass of scotch, glass of grapefruit juice, glass of cranberry juice, and more in front of me.  This does not include food.  I know I know...... don't drink your calories.
3)  Service is top notch... professional but friendly, warm but not familiar.
4)  The bill will make your eyes tweak for a second.  I suggest traveling with a rich friend or loaded family.  You will find both in the South.I'm not kidding, this place literally INVENTED bananas foster, and that dish certainly lives up to it's hype.
The breakfast here is clearly an experience. The service is impeccable, and the whole thing really reminds you of the whole fancy people in a fancy place vibe. Seriously, I was definitely channeling Ferris Bueller as the Sausage King of Chicago while chowing down at the most ridiculously opulent dinner place. It was a good channeling.
So yes, you're going to get a heart-attack, but what's a better way than to go out like a king?Great food, great service, but breakfast was nothing but eggs with a side of something else. It was good, but I don't think I'll be back anytime soon.We chose this as a Sunday brunch based on online reviews.  We had one chance to eat brunch in New Orleans.  Now, this was back in spring 2007, but we were so disappointed that it stuck in our heads.  Firstly, we waited about 1 hour to be seated, which would be fine if the food was worth it.  (Now, we think it was just all part of an image thing, cause it was not crowded inside when we finally got seated.)  The food was mediocre, if not terrible.  To end the meal (hoping to redeem it), we ordered bananas foster.  The waitress read off the directions in front of us as she prepared the dish, and it was a disaster.  The best thing is, it was ~$100 for 2 people.Great food, but so expensive.  For these prices, you can find better in the Quarter.  If you're willing to be the table that orders half as many entrees as there are people and share, though, definitely worth the trip!Sometimes it's great. Other times less than great. I feel like it's bit overpriced even on the good nights. Love the themed rooms. Obviously get the bananas foster at least once.If their were more than five stars to give, better believe I'd give it to em!
Brennans is situated in what use to be a house.  Filled with 4 different rooms on the top floor, and a spectecular dining room on the first.  Also there is an outdoor courtyard.  Their wine is out of this world.  Bottles from ten years ago, to last year.  30 year old scotch is also worth trying.  Really smooth.  Well the staff is just fantastic.  They have all been their for at least ten years.  And if you go for brunch please order the slow gin fizz with your meal.  WOW.  Fresh seafood, wonderful desserts.  Great for a date, buisness, or family outing.  You really cannot go wrong with this place!OK. Dinner at Brennan's was awesome. Started with house specialty drink, Mr. Funk. Garlic bread served. French bread served. Bottle of wine. Brennan Salad (Romaine lettuce with a tangy Creole dressing, grated Parmesan cheese and croutons); Shrimp Trail appetizer (not sure what the hell it was, but it was good); filet with recipe by same guy who invented Bananas Foster (9 oz. with Boursin and a rasperry something or other reduction, etc.). Chocolate pecan pie and vanilla ice cream.  All of my guests at dinner raved about their meals.We came here for the famous Banana's Foster which was awesome, but the service was the worst I have experienced in the French Quarter. The waiter brought our water , left, came back to ask if we wanted anything to drink and we did (coffee), he brought the coffee and we had to ask for cream. By the time he came back with the cream the coffee was luke warm. 20 minutes after we ordered the Banana's Foster they came by to tell us that they were starting our dessert. It was 2 in the afternoon and the restaurant was half full  The dessert was flashy with the flaming rum and met our expectations but not worth the service. Save your money and look up the recipe on line and make it for friends, you'll have a better time.My best friend's parents were in town and they invited me out to dinner before they left. WE had 6:30 reservations and were seated very quickly and on time.  Our waiter Fernando was awesome.  I can't say the same for his assistant who spoke at a yell and seemed to forget things.
After looking at the menu, I saw that this was going to be an expensive dinner but it is a French Quarter landmark and non-foodies have always given it rave reviews.
We began our dinner with a frog leg meuniere (*** stars) they were very moist and tender, but being in NOLA I expected the lemon butter sauce to have more kick .  I then had the Jackson Salad (**** stars) a perfect balance of bleu cheese eggs and bacon, mixed into a bed of iceberg lettuce.  
 For my entree I was torn between the Ribyeye Maitre d' Hotel (*** stars) and the Redfish Au Poivre  and asked Fernando for his recommendation...  Bad Choice!!!  The sterak was perfectly cooked but I have never been a fan of just a cooked steak.  I was expecting more seasoning or spice.  I subconsciously kept reaching over looking for some A-1 to dip it into.  
Not usually one to order dessert I felt that unsatisfied and needed something to salvage the night.  So I ordered the Bananas Foster (**** stars)  It was cooked table side and was the best thing I ordered that night.  
With all the restaurants in the area I don't think I will be going back.A New Orleans eating establishment that's a must-visit, especially for their brunch that may include their famous creation the Banana's Fosters.
Very classy place off the quieter Royal Street with the traditional Southern dining room with most seats view to the middle courtyard.  Service was impeccable from the friendly, black waistcoat-ed wait staff.  An absolutely lovely place to enjoy some traditional Cajun formal brunch.
I really don't have to say much about the food since a lot has already been said.  The three-course brunch  is probably the best deal you can get with an appetizer, main course, and dessert.  Though I have to warn you, both the gumbos and turtle soups are extra as is the crepes Fitzgerald and the Banana's Fosters dessert.  But that's not to say any of those aren't anything less than spectacular.  The turtle soup is great (though I would probably go without the sherry), the Eggs Houssarde is decadent with both the Hollandaise and Marchand de Vin sauce (though I would have asked for them on the side since it started getting too rich after several bites).  Complete the meal with either the crepes or the bananas' fosters and you're good.
Your meal can also be accompanied by various "eye openers," though I'd watch out for the Ojen Frappe.  It's described as a drink using the Spanish "equivalent" to absinthe and it is very strong on the licorice flavor still.
A higher end place for brunch but definitely worth the experience.Over-rated & over-priced. Service & food were both good.  The fling of the Bananas Foster is quite interesting.I arranged a dinner for a large group at Brennans. From the moment I sat down, I wanted to cut and run. The building is great but the decor is mediocre. They hand you a huge plastic menu-- i was expecting to see "the all american slam" and "grand slam" on it. The menu was big but confusing. The fixed price menu wasn't-- everything is a surcharge. The food was okay. You won't go hungry-- the portions are large but it's just not that good. Our service was horrible. I never got my drink. Wine took 30 minutes. We wanted to get out quickly to see some music but it was over 3 hours before we got dessert (and it wasn't for lack of trying...) And, to top it all off, the bathrooms were filthy-- i expect better of a Chevron Station. Definitely skip this restaurant. There are so many that actually make an effort to provide a good experience and not milk their faded reputations.It's a cute little place.  The restaurant had failed to anticipate that on a Sunday of a three-day weekend (President's Day weekend) that they might be fairly busy so they were understaffed.  They did the best they could, but we still waited obscenely long for our bread and wine (if you're going to make me wait, the least you could do is make it less painful by getting me liquored up!).  
The prix fixe dinner is a fairly good deal.  I had the Turtle soup, redfish with lump crabmeat and the bananas foster.  Solid, but didn't blow me out of the water.Service was just fine. But the food was all on the salty side. Would recommend the seafood cheesecake.
The gumbo was good.
Would steer clear of the Shrimp Tchefuncte, too salty.
Bananas Foster is a must of your do find yourself here. They make it at your table and while rich, it's a nice way to end your meal.
But there are definitely better places to go (Like Mr. B's Bistro)My coworker and I arrived in New Orleans and were greeted by a Brennan's (on Royal) billboard on our way into the city.  Taking it as a sign from the heavens, we programmed our GPS and were on our merry way.  First of all the atmosphere- totally old and haunted, which is right up my alley... The service was impeccable.  Roy was a hospitable gentleman, and one hell of a showman.  Kaitlin and I ordered turtle stew and seafood gumbo for appetizers, crab eggs benedict and fried shrimp as entrees, and bananas foster and strawberry marscapone crepes for dessert. Gumbo, Shrimp, and Crepes were the winners.  It was about $60 per person for our three course lunch, but the atmosphere and the service made a most memorable introduction to one of the country's most magical cities.Breakfast at Brennan's included entertainment (see photo of bananas foster :-)
We were still stuffed from last night, but wanted to try the Eggs Hussarde that they're famous for. This is basically eggs benedict on top of an airy crunch muffin (french bread?). I had the version on top of fried trout since I wanted something lighter. Both came with a tomato to cut the richness a bit. The eggs were cooked perfectly as was the trout. We both were surprised at how much cooked perfectly cost.....$28 a dish??? Youch. The 3 course prix fixe was $35 and included bananas foster and gumbo soup but still...I bumped into a few foodies at Herbsaint and they thought it was a bit excessive too :-P
p.s., the freshly squeezed orange juice was also perfect..sweet and just the right amount of pulp :-)
4 for food 4 for service, but -1 star for being so overpriced :-(I don't know if the ribeye is worth $43, but it's not a bad place to go. For a tourist-y place, it's good and the service is excellent. 
Addendum:  We went back for brunch a few days later and THAT was worth the money at $34 p/p for the brunch Prix Fixe menu.  The food is better, the service is better in the mornings.  In fact, the vibe is just better than at night.
They are famous for their Bananas Foster, so for sure get that!You must dine here at least once for the experience. It is truly fun and decadent. Your body will ultimately suffer from the infusion of cream, butter and sugar that is in every dish served at this landmark of the south. I feel like Forrest Gump being served at the finest country club in Green Bow Alabama when I eat here. Except it's in New Orleans and I would never sleep with Jenny after she was with that black panther guy......Anyhow If you are looking for a really rich and overwhelmingly filling meal this is a great place to try, but it is quite expensive and there are truly at least 50 other restaurants in this city that will knock your socks of just as well. If you do not want to eat fatty foods do not even bother showing up. I think breakfast here is really the best but all meals are enjoyable. Usually when I order the Baked apple in cream the waiter brings one for me one for my wife and one for my 3 year old son but only charges for one then does the same when I order the bananas foster for dessert. My wife can't say no. I don't think many could.Great brunch! This is where Eggs Benedicts and Bananas Fosters were created.
Pros: The atmosphere, service and food were exceptional.  Our group ordered a variety of meals and enjoyed it all! I personally had the mimosa, bread, baked apple, salmon with eggs, and Bananas Foster.  
Cons: Slow service and way over-priced.So I came here with some fun-loving gals for brunch. It was Janette W.'s bachelorette weekend and it was time to party!
We all met up here for brunch since the bananas foster is famed to be amazing.  I had the Oysters Rockafeller since I was still a bit full from my breakfast (craw fish omelet!! SO DELICIOUS). Our waiter was hilarious and so kind. He made us laughed and treated Danielle and I to an appetizer and dessert since everyone else had the prefixed menu. Such service and kindness! We were startled and really appreciated the fact that he didn't want us to be left out. 
The drinks were good! I had the Mr. Funk of New Orleans and it was fruity and tasty and full of bubbles. 
It was great time to hang out with everyone and tease our bride-to-be.Lackluster service.  Lackluster food.  I am not bananas about the venue that allegedly invented Bananas Foster.  
First of all, we had a reservation, but we had to wait.  Checked in with hostess.  Sent to some hard chairs across from the bar (which did not appear to offer service to those waiting- just to tables already sat).  So we waited.  And we got our table.  And we waited.  We were not given menus.  We were not given water.  So we waited. We may as well have just been starving in the desert.  
Finally our server appeared.  Not quite the shimmering oasis we had anticipated.  Threw the menus at us.  Rattled off some specials. (And by "specials", I mean the things that the restaurant didn't have that night.)  
We waited.  We got bread.  Lackluster server swept the bread crumbs off the table and unto our handbags and onto our laps.  Entertaining.  The serving assistant squeezed between two chairs and practically knocked my friend Erika out of her chair while doing so.  
If you get steak, Medium = Well done.  It also means dry and full of boring. I guess the steak was left waiting, just as we were.  
Oh!  And there is a prix-fixed menu, but there is an upcharge on every single first course.  Please explain to me the purpose, then, of prix-fixe.  I mean I can see an upcharge for the fancy shit, but for every single ho-hum salad?    
There were two good things about this place: 1) the courtyard was pretty and 2) the bananas foster was pretty good.  We'll give them that.  I am not even sure that they really invented Bananas Foster, though.  I went to three places in San Juan one time and all three claimed to invent the Pina Colada, so ever since then I've been somewhat a skeptic of "the original" of some popular item.  But I digress.....
I'm glad we went to "August" the next night, because it was the polar opposite of our experience at Brennan's.  I am usually more eloquent with my writing, but to sum it up: this place kinda sucked.Pandemonium with a side of chaos.
Came in late one afternoon to ask if we could have just dessert and coffee. The hostess said that they could accommodate us after 8:30 in the evening for dessert.
Came back at 8:30 and were seated after a few minutes wait.
It took 20 minutes to get water and coffee, as the waiter was passing off instructions to multiple individuals regarding our dessert, water, and coffee order. We ordered the Bananas Foster and coffee, and the dessert chef arrived after about 35 minutes to prepare it. When she was done she dumped the entire contents into one bowl that we were to share.  Interesting assumption that for some reason we wanted to split a single dessert, but when the waiter brought the check (before we were done) he rang us up for two orders of the dessert.  We asked him about this and after grumbling he removed one of the orders. Every other table we saw everyone had their own order. Too bad because the Bananas Foster tasted excellent.
Relayed my concerns to the hostess and she couldn't have been any less interested and tried to blame us for the mixup. Asked if we wanted to speak with a manager, but I declined as I'm guessing the manager has the level of concern that the rest of the staff does.  Told her that if she really cares about what people say in the future regarding her employer, she may want to relay the concerns. But reading the rest of these reviews it's apparent that it is an ongoing problem with this place.
Will not return on future visits to NOLA.A friend of mine made reservations at Brennans for a group of us after hearing it was the best place for breakfast in New Orleans.
The restaurant is absolutely beautiful.  It was freezing cold the morning we went, but I would have loved to have been there on a warm day and eaten breakfast in the beautiful outdoor courtyard they have.
The mimosas were made with fresh squeezed oranged juice, which is always a big plus in my book.  We all opted for the omletes, one friend getting the ham and cheese and me and one other ordering the andouille and cheese omlette.  They were all perfectly cooked -- definitely the best omlette I've ever eaten.  The service was great, very friendly and attentive.
One of the things I like most is that when someone orders bananas foster, they cook it for the while dining room to see.  It made breakfast much more entertaining.
I do however wish my friend had done a little more research on the restaurant before making the reservation as it is a bit pricey.  Definitely glad I ate there though.Super nice staff, but past it's prime from a dinner perspective.  Menu is about 5,000 years old (seriously I doubt it has changed since the place opened).  The descriptions were apparently written by a novelist, but since it does mention what's in each dish you quickly figure out there is a total lack of imagination in the preparation.  It felt like we were stuck in a re-run of I Love Lucy.  Big list of massively overpriced and uninteresting  wine. Food very expensive (over $40 for steak) and tasted only so-so.  The one exception is the Bananas Foster, which is a lot of fun.    If I had to do it over, I would go somewhere else for dinner, then come here for dessert.  It really makes you wonder why aren't there more flambe desserts!  Super fun dessert.Stopped by here around 8:30 pm on our last night in town. Had heard about the bananas foster from a friend who is from N.O. So I had to try it. They only serve desert between certain times ( I wanna say 7-9) so make sure you make sure if your dinning there you are there within the desert hours. Bananas fosters was delicious as promised. Glanced around at other dinners meals that looked delicious as well. Will definitely will be back for dinner when in town.A total disappointment.  The service felt very scripted.  The waiter was trying to up-sell just about all of the pricey items on the menu.  The entire menu is grossly overpriced.  The food itself was lackluster.  Our dinner the night before at Mr. B's was vastly better and half the price.Quintessential southern service. Such a treat. Such an experience! I don't think anyone should go to NOLA and not have a 3-course brunch here!I always have problems with places that could care less about locals.  Brennan's doesn't care and it shows.  Apart from now letting hungover college students into brunch with cutoffs and t-shirts on (it used to be coat required), they show no discretion as to who they are serving or where they come from. Point: My husband and I went there the morning after our wedding.  We had a reservation but was then told to wait...for an hour and a half.  Then the bar tender who was serving the just hung over college student proceeds to spill a coffee beverage all over my husband's white linen suit.  Did Brennan's care, no.  They didn't even help clean the floor.  We received our drinks 25minutes after our food arrived and were served partially cold food.  
Somewhere that is so highly regarded by tourists should really clean up their act.  Restaurants here don't survive if the locals aren't in it.  The locals are started to not be into Brennan's anymore.  
And their milk punch is sour.First of all, who eats a 4-course meal for breakfast? I was barely hungry enough for a regular breakfast, but I guess most people coming here for breakfast/brunch are ready for a large meal. We each opted for a entree a la carte instead of part of the 4-course meal.
Eggs Hussarde: Supposedly a signature dish of the restaurant. The eggs were poached nicely and the hollandaise sauce was rich and silky. It is not too special of a dish, and definitely not worth the a la carte price of $28. 
Eggs Owen: Beef hash with poached eggs. There were probably about two whole pieces of potato in the entire dish! Again, not worth the $28 whatsoever! I would even have opted for some sort of corn beef hash at IHOP.
We ended our meal by splitting a bananas foster. The dish was created at this restaurant many years ago. It is their signature dessert and offered either a la carte or part of their four-course menu. They show you all the ingredients prior to preparing it over burners in designated spots in the restaurant. This was the most delectable bananas foster I've ever had and the only reason to come here for breakfast or lunch. It is served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream that melted over the hot banana filling.
On a positive note, the service was great with frequent refills of our water and coffee. 
When we return to New Orleans, we will definitely not return to this establishment, except for the bananas foster. Although part of tradition to come here, I believe you can find a much more delicious and affordable breakfast elsewhere.When people say go to Brennan's for breakfast, DON'T, DON'T go for dinner.  Felt like a complete tourist.....service could NOT have been worse.  It was an utterly painful meal in every sense of the word.  Our waitress may have been on her first day.....completely ruined the (not an inexpensive) meal.  Would NOT go back!Old school, historic restaurant that isn't as fancy inside as you might suspect.  The waiters are tuxedoed but sadly, the majority of the tourist customers are dressed as if they were sitting on a sunny patio at a TGI Friday's.  I mean, was the best you could do a pair of shorts and a goofy t-shirt?
The 3-course brunch is not exactly an outrageously good value but I suppose everyone has to try it at least once, especially if you have no obtjections to literally gaining 5 pounds in one sitting.  Just about anything you could order is drenched in butter or cream--or both--so alert your cardiologist before your visit.
I enjoyed my entire meal and thought the waiters--not just ours--were funny and generally charming.  They might have been dressed up but they at least pretended to be having a good time.  
Personally, I'm not a Bananas Foster fan, but I did try some and it was extremely good. 
There are so many restaurants in the city that I don't know if I would automatically return to Brennan's.  Overal, the food and service were very good and I have no complaints except for the pathetically dressed patrons.  I just think I would explore the breakfast scene in town a little more before returning.This review was only for the Banana's Foster, which was the only reason we went and the only thing we ordered.  Everyone told us we had to go to Brennan's and get the original Banana's Foster.  When we walked in the place looks exciting, very historic French Quarter.  The waiter told us the history of the dish and we were even more excited to experience this incredible local treasure... and it was good, not great, just good.  I don't regret going, but I wish my expectations weren't quite so high.  Just a heads up ;)Over Christmas my husband and I recieved a gift card to Brennan's for our upcoming Valentines Day trip, but I had no idea what I was in for.
That place is amazing.
We went for brunch at 11:00 and bought the fixed price meal.  After it's all said and done, we were impressed with the milk punch (not gross at all, although a milk anything sounds gross... just do it), the mimosa was good but not overly memorable, the baked apple with cream was excellent (strawberries with cream a little bland), my Eggs Hussard were AMAZING and I am already researching how to make the baked tomatoe that was on the side.  For dessert we enjoyed the bannana's foster-- just as much fun to watch them make as it was to eat, and the chocolate chip pecan pie.
I was very happy with my experience-- the servers were very personable, I liked that diners were spread out throughout the establishment and not just clumped together-- it made for a more intimate and personal experience.  We had a great time and I hope to go back on our next trip!we did breakfast here.  It was good.  I will never spend that much money on breakfast again, but I can say that i tried it -- once.
Two of us did the Prix Fix menu for breakfast, and we got different things so we could try more stuff.
1st Course
The turtle soup was really good.  But not as good as Remoulades down the street by any means (and Remoulades is cheaper)
The southern baked apple with double cream was wonderful.
2nd Course
The Oysters Benedict was good (although the canadian bacon seemed to compete too much in flavor) 
The Eggs Nouvelle Orleans was tasty with the crabmeat.
3rd Course
The bananas foster - just maybe the reason to come here.  outstanding.
The chocolate Pecan Pie was good - but really really rich.
I had a absinthe suissesse and also an absinthe frappe - both very tasty (I am an absinthe affectionado) - nice wine list as well.  
It was good.  was it worth it? meh.  maybe.For a restaurant that was so well known and spoken of is glowing terms - our group was looking forward to a great Sunday brunch. 
Where to start.... 
At the beginning....we made reservations several days prior and they were confirmed. When we we arrived, we were told that someone with the same last as ours came in ahead of us and they had given our reservation to them. What the real kicker was, they acknowledged we had a reservation and that they had incorrectly given it to the other party....the other party had NOT been seated yet. Then manager refused to do anything about it. They said it would not be long and asked us to just wait. After they sat everyone else - cleared out the waiting area - They were able to seat us - luckily it only took about 15 - 20 minutes after our reserved time. The table they "found" for us was in a doorway, so we were constantly bumped, nudged, interrupted....nice folks, nice. 
Lets see - next - hmmmmmm how about service. Our service "team" was poor. We had to constantly ask for coffee refills. The food - well it may have tasted great  hot, but our entrees arrived and tasted as if they had been sitting for quite a while. No one ever checked back to see how everything was - if we needed anything else. 
During our visit we patronized several of the Brennan family of restaurants, but here at the flagship - the staff were rude and arrogant, the food was average and overpriced - and the whole experience had us questioning as to why we had to come here to this place. 
On the way out the door, we stopped at the hostess stand to ask them to call us a cab - so we could get back to our hotel. Before we could submit our request, we heard them respond to an inquiry from a gentleman that had been sitting in the bar area waiting for his table. They had "called" his name, but he did not hear it. So, they said the best they could do now was to try to seat him in the next half hour or so, since he did not respond when they called his name. Our request for them to call a cab was rejected. They said, no we will not call a cab. Your best option is to walk to the cab stand a few blocks away. The walk was not that bad, but it was the attitude that resonates throughout this establishment.WAY overpriced and ridiculously over the top.  
There is no way ANY place can justify charging $107 for breakfast for two.  Sorry.  Not since eating at Tru in Chicago have I experienced such a self-important and over-rated restaurant.  
I asked twice for herbal tea and was finally served a 3/4 cup of warmish earl grey.  And the bananas foster?  Made with underripe bananas.  Normally I wouldn't quibble, but at this price point, everything had better be perfect.  
Go to August instead and experience true fine dining.When I can make something just as well as a restaurant does...
I went to this restaurant specifically for bananas foster because their website and reviews implied that they were the best.  This seemed to be a regular occurrence at the restaurant, as they seemed to have an area designated for "dessert only" customers.  Bananas foster was okay, but wasn't any better than any other that I've had (one made by a friend and the other I made myself).  
I know how to cook about a dozen things, and a handful of them well.  Perhaps bananas foster is not a very difficult dessert to make, so the restaurant c`annot make it any better than I can.  In that case, it's hard to justify the ~$10 pricetag.  Also, I prefer it with a variation of butter pecan ice cream.  What a disappointment.There are restaurants, and there are legends. Brennan's is a legend. Top-notch, white glove service, and the food is divine. Husband and I had the prix fixe brunch, kicking things off with the baked apple, moving on to the eggs Sardou and ending with the bananas foster. Also, you get a show with the bananas foster; they'll make it for you right at your table. 
Expensive, yes. But if you're in town, it's the kind of thing you have to do just once.To our dismay, there was not much special about this place.  Truly, the best part was the ice cream we had for dessert.  We wanted to like it more because we'd heard such great things.This placed can best be described as OVERPRICED.
Went here on our last night in New Orleans per the recommendation of our hotel and was terribly disappointed.
Food: WAY overpriced. 35-45 dollars for entrée. I got the steak diane per the recommendation of the waiter and it was overcooked and covered in a sauce that tasted like A1 with mushrooms. The potato were standard breakfast homefry style and green beens were overcooked. and it cost 43$. My boyfriend got the pre-fixed meal for 50 which included french onion soup that was average, a salad of iceberg lettuce and cucumbers coated in ranch dressing, a chicken dish that had plastic still on the bottom of the chicken (and was extremely over salted), and NY cheesecake. 
Service: average, waitstaff was attentive but awkward when we mentioned the plastic and not apologetic. Management seemed solid and aware of the issue. They did comp part of the meal thanks to the plastic in the chicken.
Location: great 2 blocks from bourbon, in a beautiful courtyard.
OVERALL: one of the worst meals of my life. I have had far better food at diners. With all the great food in NOLA I don't know how this place survives.Shrimp Sardou was delicious! It had the best Hollandaise sauce I've ever tasted. The Bananas Foster was also very good. Dinner was served by a very friendly Cajun. Expensive, but well worth it.I was completely disappointed with my brunch at Brennan's. The service was the only redeeming part. I got the Prix Fix, with the Shrimp Sardo as the entree. My date got a crab omelet. My dish was fair; my date's was inedible, in both our views. If you are going to charge $19 for an omelet, it needs to have flavor. 
Finally, I found the menu way too old-school for my tastes. I guess I've learned that I value innovation over a pedigree in fine dining.
I really wanted to have the amazing Brennan's experience, but when it came down to it, I would rather have gone elsewhere.Great food!  Great service!  How can you go to Brennans and not have the oysters rockefeller?  Fantastic!  Turtle soup...fantastic!  Trout w crab meat...fantastic!  I hate bananas but I felt compelled to order the banana foster because it originated here and omg omg it was soooo yummy!  Amazingggg!Greasy, salty, entre that was chef signature dish....... Really? We thought it all sucked. Service seriously sucked. Spent $100+ very disappointing for our first time in NOLA. A three to four tums night. Couldn't even get our drink order right. Very poor.First if you gave more than one star you don't know good food or service! I love NOLA the city that is it was bye far the worst meal during my visit!!The staff horrid, the cooks look like thugs and why were they in the dinning room hanging out?You would think if there is  a real chef he would be on that real quick. The food was way over priced for microwave food the drinks were the highlight cause i needed a buzz to sit through that meal! To top it all off my GF wanted the bannanas foster to try and redeem and they flambed our dish for another table for a picture and a tip cheap and classless!!! If you are visiting NOLA steer clear of this TOURIST TRAP!Food:  Dinner:  Classics were phenomenal (turtle soup, gumbo, shrimp/crab crepe, bananas foster).  Otherwise they were ok: Rib Eye and Red Fish.
Ambience:  Needs sprucing up.  Reminded me of unkept/'lost' restaurants in Queens, NY.
Service:  Here is where it failed.  A captain working the floor would have helped our server (who stated he was a cook) and the backserver (who also stated he was a cook).
Will definitely be back on my next trip for brunch.Why put Redfish on the menu, twice, then put a tiny little disclaimer on the bottom of the menu stating that due to the oil spill it would be substituted with another fish. I got Drum, and it was gross. The turtle soup was ok. The flaming Bananas foster was pretty neat.Just visited Brennan's for breakfast after an absence of several years.  I can confirm that from a food perspective it is a wonderful experience. The Eggs Hussarde were excellent, the Bananas Foster were superb, etc.  Then why only 3 stars?  Frankly, this place is way overpriced.  Breakfast for 2 (without cocktails!) was over $100.  And to add insult to injury, coffee was actually charged extra with the prix fixe breakfast.  Isn't prix fixe supposed to include coffee?  Apparently not.  There are other places in Nola that are just as good that do not charge close to these prices.  I will not be tempted again.We went to Brennan's for the breakfast, of course, and had a great experience.  So we went our first morning in NO, and my husbands first day in the South (I lived there previously).  He unfortunately also doesn't like to fly, so had a few too many Jack & Coke's on the plane to make it there and while he loved what he could get down of the meal, he wasn't able to enjoy the experience as I did.  We both had the baked apple, as we were going to try gumbo and turtle soup elsewhere, and it was good.  The eggs benedict and the house special version that I had (I forget the name) where both very good, and the bananas foster is always good (such fun for those who have never seen flambe, but I have previously worked at an old school restaurant who did it all the time so no novelty for me).  The experience and history of the place makes it though, the staff if very friendly, the fact that they have restroom attendants, the southern ladies in their dresses and hats going upstairs for a bridal shower...just a cool 'different' experience for some very nor cal people. ;)After the miserable experience with the Bourbon St. Location, we decided to try the Royal St. Location for steak.  Great atmosphere, multiple servers always came at the right time, food was prepared perfectly, tasted yummy.  The menu is all ala-carte so the bill was over $100.00 for two but worth it.  Wonderful dining experience.The brunch was amazing! I had the sausage omelet and grits, by far the best I've ever had. We got there right when they opened though and I tried to order the bananas foster and the waiter basically said he didn't want to make it this early because it would take too long. The table next to us demanded it so he made it for them right next to us after we ordered. If I'm willing to pay 60 dollars for a meal and tip you well why not make my food?Brennan's is one of those places that you just have to try.  Well, I have tried it three times already and I keep coming back.  The restaurant is nice inside.  White table cloth tables with way too much silverware for a breakfast.
They have a pre-fixe menu, and the waiter is more than happy to make recommendations.  One word of caution, Brennan's is very expensive for breakfast.  Plan on spending at least $40 a person or $50 with a nice morning cocktail.
No matter what I get, I always order the Banana Fosters.  I am in New Orleans, and they make it the best here!Found this place to be a tourist trap; perhaps this place was worth its salt back in the day, but definitely sub-par for us. Let's start with their menu. They attempt to lead you into a minimum three course breakfast, and yes I do understand a lot of people come here for their turtle soup to start and bananas foster for dessert, but for the rest of us who just want breakfast one would think it's not even an option based on the menu. I asked one of the 5 waiters who came to our table (not sure if we had a main one) if it was possible to order just an entree, he said of course and that any of the entrees started at $28 and went up. My wife and I have no problem spending some good money on great food, but we do have a problem paying $28 for the worst eggs benedict we've ever had. I had the eggs hussarde and my wife had the regular eggs benedict. I have never salted my eggs bene but needed to here; a good hollandaise would alleviate any need for salt, and my eggs were runny too. Neither of us were a fan of the holland rusks they were served on; they were way too hard. $60 for this meal was such a waste; watched another couple walk out just minutes after sitting down and perusing the menu, wish we had followed suit. The only reason why I'm giving this place two stars instead of one is because the service was genuinely good even though we didn't know who are main waiter was and the place was clean.great brunch, we go here for special occassions, like when someone graduates. in our family, that's every four years since we are perpetual students, so i guess lucky us?
will run you about $35 for 3 course breakfast not including drinks. but worth it if you go every once in a while. 
did i say i love this place? i wouldn't suggest it for dinner though, just brunch. my friends just dropped $300 for two ppl with drinks (and no they didn't go overboard) and they said it was ok. but i can definitely vouch for brunch.Breakfast at Brennan's is a NOLA staple. Everyone has to go at least once in their lifetime, similar to everyone has to see the Eiffel Tower. It's just a must, as simple as that. 
The place is huge, I believe my friend told me it can seat up to 600 people.  Yikes.  While you wait for your table, sit outside on their amazeballs patio area.  All waiters wear tux's...has somewhat of a 1970s feel to it...very vintage. 
Make a reservation. When you get there...go to the bar. Order a Mimosa or Bloody Mary (it's what their famous for). Mommy Dearest ordered a "light" Mimosa (meaning light on the champagne) and he served it light (meaning less OJ). Ha. Amazing. I switched drinks with her, since she has the tolerance of a 3 yr old. Didn't really want to carry her out of the place...but I digress. 
Service was good, very good. Just not amazing. I would suggest doing the 3 course Prix Fixe menu. I started with the baked apple, that should have been a dessert, so yummy and baked amazingly. Someone else got the Onion soup and said it was to die for...I still had my face in my baked apple...so I was clearly busy. For my main course I had the Eggs Portuguese. Um, fried tilapia on a bed of creamed spinach. THEN on top was the most perfectly poached egg ever...THEN it was all smothered in Hollandaise sauce. Yes you may sit. Friends got the Salmon Benedict...self explanatory and scrumptous.  For dessert, we got the Banana's Foster (which is also a must) and the Pecan Pie with Ice Cream. BEST PECAN PIE EVER! EVERRRRRRR!!!!  
Literally, when we left mom and I ALL day were like "OMG what an amazing meal" "Can you believe how great that was?" "I can't get over that food." I mean, we were out of control. 
Overall, amazing. A must. It's pricey. No around that little detail. A suggestion...eat an early dinner the night before that way you are good and hungry for breakfast. Oh and of course save room for a Mimosa or 3.I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars, but I can't, and it's a NOLA establishment, and it was my fault for ordering the wrong thing, so I'm bringing it up to four.  I think the cab driver who picked us up from Commander's Palace said it best, "oh, you went to Brennan's for brunch?  It's famous, but that doesn't mean it's delicious."  True nuff.
1. You HAVE to go to Brennan's if you've never been.  I'm sorry, I don't know why, but I know that if you are in NOLA for the first time, and you don't go, some culinary restaurant  police will come after you and haunt you for the rest of your life, or until you go home and forget about it.  
2. It couldn't be cooler.  The courtyard out back with the lovely outdoor bartender serving up some delicious bloody mary's can't be beat.  And that's before I even mention the turtle fountain in the back of the courtyard.  We have a turtle at home, Guinevere, so it was awesome seeing her long lost family.
3. Brennan's claim to fame is the bananas foster.  It was invented there, and I have to hand it to them, few things in life are more delicious than butter, brown sugar, bananas and 3 type of liquor, all prepared tableside for your tasting and viewing pleasure.  The bananas foster truly is delicious.  
4. The best thing on the menu is the Creole Onion Soup.  I'm just telling you, get it.  It's rich and hearty, has a great comforting taste, and the garlic will kick that hangover stat.  That was the best French Onion soup of my life, and that's saying a lot considering there was not a layer of cheese in site.
5.  I ordered the Eggs Bayou Laforche.  I'm a huge eggs benedict fan.  It's probably my favorite breakfast item ever.  But here I am, in New Orleans, at Brennan's,  so I pressure myself into getting the benedict that sits atop andouille sausage rather than Canadian Bacon.  I thought, hell, andouille sausage is certainly going to be an improvement.  But it wasn't. At all.  It was tough and rough, and kind of rubbery, and didn't really lend much cajun kick or flavor but impeded the smoothness of benedict.  Next time, I'm sticking to the classic, but I don't blame myself for venturing out.
6. The bf ordered Eggs Portugese, a benedict variant, but forego the english muffin and insert puff pastry.  This seems even more adventurous than my andouille swap, but to be honest, it was much better.  This was a delicious rendition of a benedict.  A very distant cousin, mind you, but of equal quality.
You have to go to Brennan's.  It's a vital part of the city's bloodline.  It just may not be the best breakfast of your life.A little worried this would be a tourist trap-but I liked it. Perfect brunch. They have a great courtyard with turtles. We sat facing this courtyard. Very calm and quite. Had a great bloody mary and the eggs hussarde. Had the bananas foster.Great breakfast! The Eggs Benedict was especially good. Also, the Bloody Mary was the best I've EVER had. Expensive, though. Be ready to spend some money, but if you are visiting the French Quarter, this is a place you MUST visit.If you can afford it, The Sunday Jazz Brunch at Brennan's is frankly, an experience. Clear your schedule if you go, it takes 5 hours. Worth it though.I loved it....wonderful waittress Christine who answered our every question and was a delight. Food was fabulous and such a treat for our first day in NOLA. Very old school and I do appreciate some establishments are still around.The more I think about it, the more I have to give quite a dramatic rating to Brennan's. 
Our server was rude - Literally would not look us in the eye. Sighed loudly whenever we had a question (mainly because Brennan's a la carte menu didn't have prices), and walked away from us mid-sentence when we said we didn't want the bananas foster desert. 
The food is poor quality and flavorless - We ordered the Oyster Benedict, the Eggs Portuguese, and the Eggs Shannon. Oyster Benedict had potential, but by the time it arrived to the table the hollandaise had congealed. The Eggs Portuguese was sour and vinegary. Very odd and unappetizing. The Eggs Shannon was the most edible and pretty good. Everything arrived lukewarm or cold. 
The decor is worn and needs an update - I understand maintaining the feel of history, but the carpeting and some of the decor is tired. Refurbish please. Even the waiters clothing looked tattered and ill-fitted. I assume they were wearing uniforms. 
By the way, each main dish on the a la carte brunch menu is $28. Stay away. Stay far away. This was by far the worst meal of our entire trip. Nothing else even came close.I can't think of a better brunch on the planet.
Let's start with the basics.  If you've been out all night in NOLA, the first thing you are going to want to do is get on that hair of the dog.  And this place is the fine establishment that convinced me that a spicy pickled green bean is not an option, but a requirement for the perfect Bloody Mary.  They also have the famous Milk Punch, providing not only nutritional value with calcium, but also important daily supplies of brandy.  And of course, cocktails that combine beef broth with booze, which is a damn good idea.
In addition to many options of veal for breakfast with eggs, again capital idea, they offer a three course prix fixe breakfast which should not be missed.  A number of sweet treats or savory soups start you out, I always go creole onion soup myself.  From there you move onto the entrees; my all-time favorite is the Eggs Hussarde, imagine, taking the perfection of Eggs Benedict and changing it up with added Marchand de Vin sauce WITH the Hollandaise.   Your heart just squeaked in terror, didn't it?  There are another dozen ways to be naughty with poached eggs on the menu, one trip isn't going to be enough...
You'll finish with your choice of dessert, hard to pass up the Bananas Foster (it put them on the map) or the Crepes Fitzgerald, sour cream/cream cheese crepes topped with flaming Maraschino liqueur.
And of course, some nice coffee to finish things off.  Whew.  I need to go on a diet after this review.You really can't get a better brunch anywhere.  Very expensive but worth it.  I would recommend the typical NOLA breakfast, baked apple (the best you will EVER have), eggs sardao, banana's foster (amazing) coffee and any cocktail that you would like.  Pure heaven.  Amazing service and beautiful surroundings.  Go!!  You won't regret it.I had veal and eggs with fresh hollandaise sauce, wow......The best restaurant we have been to in New Orleans thus far (4 days into the trip).  Beautiful building, great wait staff, amazing brunch!
We made reservations and this is HIGHLY recommended.  We only waited about 10 min once we arrived.  We were told that between 10-12 can be quite busy (I'm assuming she meant weekends for brunch but perhaps they serve brunch everyday?).  It did take a while for us to get our food, but it turns out a party of 40 was receiving their food just prior to us and about 5 other tables.  The wait staff apologized profusely for the wait.  Meanwhile, we had already had bread, coffee, and our appetizer so the wait wasn't unbearable.
As usual, we went with the prix fixe menu.  We had the baked apple for an app...best baked apple I have EVER tasted.  Had a maple syrup and double cream topping.  For the main course, Eggs Ellen...Salmon topped with a poached egg and hollandaise.  Also came with a garnish of asparagus, broccoli/cauliflower, and a parmesan tomato.  Salmon was cooked to perfection and the hollandaise was some of the best I've ever had.  For dessert, and make sure you listen up here, you HAVE to order the Bananas Foster!  Brennan's is famous for this dessert, and it's well worth the extra $5 to add it to the prix fixe.  The restaurant won a Silver Plate from the Food Network for this concoction.  This dessert is probably illegal in most states...it's THAT good!  
It was a bit pricey at the end after the prix fixe, the 2 cups of coffee, and the expensive mimosa, but it was WELL WORTH the wait and the price.  The amount of food on the prix fixe is, once again, enough for two people....and it will probably hold you over until late afternoon or early evening.If you have time and money to spend (for brunch), definitely come to Brennan's.  This was the longest (about 3 hours) and the most I've ever paid for crappy brunch.  I ordered the prix fixe brunch (base price $36) - Ordered the Seafood Gumbo, Eggs Ellen and Banana Foster.  The only thing I enjoyed from these choices is the Banana Foster.  The waiters put on a show for you, where they stir the banana, butter, brown sugar and cinnamon together... It's entertaining when you have time to kill.  Overall, the service was a bit slow, but everybody was very friendly.  Look elsewhere for brunch!!!You MUST go and have their original creation the Bananas Fosters!  This is where it was created it may be a 10$ desert but I would spend that price until I went broke if I had to since this desert is better than sex!Old New Orleans feel. 
Loved the atmosphere. 
Service was slow, but the staff was friendly and knowledgable. 
Rabbit Rushing is their most highly recommended brunch item so I ordered that and was pleasantly surprised. 
Hubby had the vanilla French toast which was so good and needed zero syrup.5 stars for the wait staff 2 stars for the food.  Had a waiter named Ruffin and okeiefe who stole the show both were very charismatic and made it fun and entertaining to go to this restaurant.  I see why people who are from New Orleans never go to these restaurants.  We cook food much better.  On the food side, the food was just ok, I've had Gumbo a thousand times better, the crab meat omellete but anyone who visits this restaurant must get the BANANAS FOSTER.  They invented this dish and make it to perfection.I've been here for both the dinner and breakfast.  I would say that I enjoy their breakfast more.  
I ordered a KILLER bloody Mary and was shocked to taste how good it was.  It was the perfect amount of spice!  Of course, I couldn't pass up the Egg's Benedict and how could I not order the banana's foster?
My husband ordered the Egg's Florentine.  Both the benedict and florentine came with a roasted tomato with cheese on top.  Delish!
Nothing is better than enjoying your meal with good company, great food, and watching your breakfast dessert created in front of you.