Soo good! Everything on the menu is delicious this place has really good food. Will deff go back for some more.We had to wait one and a half hours when they said thirty minutes and the service at the bar was bad. Our server was great which is why we actually have one star, The manager was very rude. All in all worst experience ever, never going back.We stopped here because it seemed easy with 2 kids in tow.  The food was typical chain restaurant food.  It was good but not a place to go if you're trying to get authentic New Orleans food.  I probably would have only given 3 stars but gave it 4 because the staff and service were excellent.  Our server was Thomas and he was great.  He made small talk with the kids and was very knowledgable about all dishes and drinks on the menu.  I love it when we go places and our drinks get refilled before we have to even ask.  Everyone from the hostess to the manager on duty was great.How can anybody truly give this restaurant a positive review?!?   I ordered a fish and chips meal, it was pathetic!  Two messily pieces of overcooked over battered fish and cold heavily salted/seasoned fries. Enough to choke a horse.  I've been had a this establishment.  Just walk on by.I don't know why this place doesn't have better reviews?! Seriously, it's a chain but they have crazy flavorful food here. The Shrimp New Orleans is insanely delicious and the net catch shrimp for an appetizer is a great way to start your meal (I prefer the Cajun shrimp but the garlic butter is on point as well - get half/half if you can't decide). 
If you can't decide on a local place to go to or the lines at Acme, Deanies, or wherever are too long, you can't go wrong with Bubba Gump!Bad service, but the best bloody mary I've ever had. It even comes with a cocktail shrimp on top. I'm drooling just thinking about it.We ate here about a year ago and gave it a second try. Other than the maze like setting to get in, the place is clean with good service. I didn't get tricked into getting a souvenir beer glass this time. I had the red beans and rice with fried chicken and the other person had shrimp and grits.
Both were very good, well prepared, hot and seasoned just right. The service was good without being a pain. We got our food quickly as well as our drinks.
I say just ignore the shop that sells misc things and eat.We dashed in here or of the heat and looking for some good food and we definitely found it!  The atmosphere was great and the kids had a blast also!  I had the steak and shrimp and it was great and my sis had the stuffed shrimp and loved it!  There wasn't any complaints at our table!  The stated was nice.  The only downfall is that the bathroom is two stories up!Service was great food was absolutely amazing. I tried to avoid "chain" places on my trip and finally caved in for this place. I completely regret not coming sooner. It was the best seafood I've ever had. I got the steampot which was a mixture of seafood in an amazing garlic and spice mix with corn and potatoes and I'm already planning my return visit. Also sampled the New Orleans shrimp (the dish with jasmine rice and a insanely delicious sauce) even the deserts are a home run. The bread pudding was like no bread pudding I've previously tried- it was amazing. 
The fact that the employees are extremely friendly made this the best meal I had in New Orleans this trip.Fun atmosphere, Bubba Gump themed restaurant. The food is good but it is just chain restaurant food, nothing special. The wait staff was very good and I had a fun drink that came in a souvenir yardstick type cup.Food was poor at best.  Had the Louisana shrimp and kids had ribs and pizza.  Both were barely edible.  First and last visit.Absolutely Amazingly GoooooD.. I had a childhood friend come in for a visit and we decided to take her Dad and our four kiddos here... The kids loved the place. (elevator to upper level)!! But also the decor was pretty cool.. Themed like the movie Forest Gump. We enjoyed the fried shrimp... And so did the little.. They also enjoyed their food was deliver in a cardboard boat!! How neat. 
Thank you Gump for a wonderful dinning experience.Great place opens to the shopping and has nummy food amazing staff and a very accommodating manager.To be in a garden of gastronomic delights like New Orleans and choose this place to eat, you'd have to be as simple-minded as Forrest Gump himself.Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. was a place we had not eaten at before. Decided why not.
The food was better than I might have expected. One in the party had Shrimp and Grits with the other getting Red Beans and Rice with Chicken. The chicken being a piece of fried chicken breast.
The shrimp and grits is more than the aforementioned ingredients. It has andouille, ham, onions, garlic and cajun spices. It was given a good rating, say a 4.5.
The red beans and rice has andouille and ham in with the main items. It was well seasoned. The fried chicken breast had a light coating that added to the chicken instead of overpowering the taste. The service inside the restaurant was attentive without bugging you.
One thing I didn't like was the deal about getting one of their glasses if you buy a larger beer. I don't want the glass but when I saw the bill I had paid for it.(see the menu).
We were there at a time when the place was mostly empty but there didn't seem to be anyone out front to take the diners back.
When leaving I asked if they had a bag or something to take home the glass I paid for. The lady out front was somewhat clueless. She asked for my receipt and I gave her my copy. She didn't seem to be a person who should be working with the public,I don't think this place is deserving of 1 or 2 stars, but you may have had a bad experience?
This is just a seafood place and isn't supposed to cater to those who want authentic Cajun food. Hello, it's a chain with a gift shop selling Forrest Gump souvenirs...?
The one thing that surprised me was how good their drinks/smoothies are. I had a drink once with a name like Lotsa Lava (?) and it was delicious! I got addicted and ended up trying them all on each visit back.
The coconut shrimp and spinach dip are good.
My friends and I came here a number of times. We always took volunteers here because it's affordable and the waiting staff is awesome. We used to get seated on the 2nd floor, which is less busy and much quieter.
I don't see much wrong with this place, other than the fact that it's not authentic Cajun food, but who ever said it was? That doesn't mean it should get crappy ratings. It's supposed to please tourists, so get over it!I usually do not - (try to NEVER) go to franchises BUT - we kind of just ended up here. The atmosphere was fun - quirky - I mean who doesn't love a Forrest Gump covered restaurant .... yea. 
Food was decent - I ordered a salad since nothing else seemed appetizing to me. Seylina was our server and was pretty nice. 
I don't have a hunger pain to go back but at least I can say I tried it.After some disapointments in the neighborhood, I tried Bubba Gumps.  It was on par with all of the Bubba's I have visited.  Its close to the water and drinks are good.  I had the Mahi Mahi.  I was happy with my dinner.  My husband had fish and chips.  He liked it too.Walked in off the street on a Friday afternoon with a group of 22.  No reservations.  Had immediate seating upstairs once we got it clarified we were not the large group WITH reservations.  After dragging the high schoolers out of the gift shop we were able to order.  The menu variety was a large reason we came.  Some wanted seafood some wouldn't touch it.  Everyone had a decent selection, even the finicky eaters.  About half left with a box of leftovers.  This was our "treat"  meal so wr let them order the souvenir goblets and way to much desert.  Staff was exceptional and took time to run a few rounds of Forrest Gump trivia.  Price averaged about $30/ head which included aforementioned goblets drinks and desert.   We'd go back if ever this way again.  Not sure how preteens or people who haven't seen the movie would understand the decor.
Would get another star if salads were served BEFORE the entree and desert AFTER. Everything was served at once.  Ice cream & hot day?Great location Not far from Jackson Square with balcony seating. Staff was friendly and quick to find us a table.  We sat upstairs with a great view of all the going ons down on Decatur street.  I haven't been to Bubba Gump's in 15 years!  They still have the Run Forrest Run &  Stop Forrest Stop signs for when you need the waitress or not.  General store located on the first level with t-shirts, hats, pens, toys, and of course boxes of chocolates. 
For an Appetizer we had seafood hush puppies, like no other puppie I've ever had before.  They were stuffed with shrimp, fish and corn served with a Remoulade dippin sauce.  Very delicious.  I ordered the skillet grilled salmon with mashed potatoes and veggies and it was so flavorful, full of juices.  Way better than I expected it.  Extremely mouth watering delicious.  The Mr. ordered the pear and berry salad with chicken and believe me he wished he had ordered what i did because I ended up sharing about half my succulent salmon with him.   Fun place to pop in for a drink at the patio/bar while walking Jackson square or for a family meal.  Great people and food. They are a part of the Landry's restaurant chain and they accept the Landry's select card. Earn those points to more rewards.The Tennessee tea was amazeballs! Our bartender was definitely heavy handed lol. The appetizer sampler was pretty good, so was the crawfish. They have signs on the table that flip so the staff will stop by when you need. The drinks and beer come with sovieneer glasses which is pretty coolThis was my first experience at a Bubba Gump's and I had a great time!  It was a Sunday night and not too busy, so we got to sit on the balcony by ourselves, with a cool breeze blowing and the sounds of street performers below.  Alyssa had no problem taking care of us even though the rest of her tables were inside.  We split a Forrest's Seafood Feast, which was more than enough for two, and never had to wait for drink refills.  She gave us a quiz on the movie after dinner and we passed with FLYING colors.  :)  All in all, it was a great part of my first night in New Orleans.Greeted at the door like were excited to see us! The food was great and our server Lorenzo was amazing. My first time eating at this chain. Definitely give it another go.This place is so nice!! You can see Forrest Gump's suit and Lt. Dan's uniform when you walk in. The waiter was hilarious!!! It was almost closing time and he sat with us and laughed!!! Love it!!! The food and service is worth going back.Good food, good drinks, good waitstaff. We all ordered the upside down corona in a margarita drinks and they were delicious. I got the jambalaya since I was in New Orleans and had never had it before. Not much to compare it to but I thoroughly enjoyed it.Dislike this chain with all my heart, having said that my SO was starving for catfish and we had just walked 6 miles so agreed to stop.  He ordered oysters, said they were a substitute for rubber.  I ordered the seafood hush puppies and thought I would order shrimp and then I realized I'm not drinking.
Nuff said, no magnet can draw me near to one of these again, neither can my spouse.
One waiter and our table was the only one with bodies so no service issues.Not my favorite location out of the 7 I've been to across the US. Food was cold and service was limited. Still hungry after my $20 plate. Atmosphere was dull. Overall miss this timeWe stopped for lunch before going to Jazz boat Cruz. The shrimp was delicious and the staff was friendly.Service from servers is good, but Monica the manager that answers the phone is really rude. Not accommodating, and likes to talk over people. Rushshaun the host was super helpful, and very patient!OMG I love this place! The shrimper's net catch and shrimp New Orleans are wonderful! Btw, the bartender is super cute!The location and atmosphere are really awesome and the pear and berries salad was to die for. However they didn't have diet coke or dr pepper, which sounds silly but it was a bummer for me. Also the service was horrible. I'm almost positive our waiter was on something.Our last night in NOLA we decided to have dinner at Bubba Gump Shrimp.  The hostess that greeted us was welcoming and quickly had us seated.  Our waiter, Carlton, was helpful answering our questioning pertaining to spice levels of different dishes and even gave us a few minutes of Forrest Gump movie trivia.  It is my favorite movie so that along with his friendly personality won me over instantly!  After our food was delivered to the table he came by several times to check to make sure everything was OK and if we needed anything else.  
I've been to other locations in various airports but the food here was better and so was the service.  I will definitely come back the next time I'm in New Orleans.It was my first time to N.O. so of course I HAD to try Bubba Gumps as there is not one near me. We went on an early Saturday evening and the entire staff (hosts, waiters, waitresses, bartenders and manager) were so very friendly, attentive and lively!
For appetizers, our table had the peel and eat shrimp and seafood hush puppies which were both good although I would have preferred more seafood in it. 
I had the Bucket of Boat Trash with lobster claws, fried fish and fried shrimp which was yummy! I ate it all except for the fries served with it. I had some type of Bubba Gump alcoholic beverage, the waiter said it was the strongest but I still would have preferred a little more liquor in it. 
To end the experience, we had the dessert sampler with chocolate chip sundae which was just OK, bread pudding which was good but a little dry and Mama's strawberry shortcake made with homemade biscuits which was SCRUMPTIOUS! Like only my big mama could make! :-))
And I couldn't leave without getting a cute T-shirt. 
Eat Up!Seriously, BEST service I've ever received at a restaurant. Talk about above and BEYOND. All I wanted was a Bloody Mary. I have been scouring the city for in my opinion, is the best Bloody Mary. What I found here was the best Bloody Mary yet but it was only missing one thing (again, in my option) olives! I love olives. Sean Mapes and Jeremy Duncan made it their personal mission to get me olives. I thought it was a joke but when they came back with a giant jar of olives I couldn't believe it. They went around to the neighbors to get me olives! 
My Bloody Mary was complete, they both continued to provide is with excellent service and we had an excellent time at Bubba Gump Shrimp. They gave me a cup, and I couldn't even eat olive em'! HahahaSo much better in so many places. Like your friend who cam back from france and can suddenly tell you all about the frenchiest wine and food.We had a great lunch experience at Bubba Gump!   First of all get Teddy as your waiter. He is quite entertaining and tries to stump you with some great Forrest Gump trivia.  Be sure to look around before you sit down for clues!
The little one had the little shrimp bucket appetizer with Cajun seasoning. She likes it hot and the 2/3 lb hit the spot!
I had the pear and berry salad with shrimp instead of chicken.  The hubby had the Jinny's Catch, tilapia over mashed potatoes with a side of grilled shrimp.  
I recommend the strawberry/mango secret lemonade.  It comes with a light up cup.  Perfect was to cool down in the over 90 degree heat. 
The food was great and we had fun!Great food, great service!!!!!! This will be a favorite spot whenever I visit new Orleans...the shrimp and grits entree is the best I've had so far. The entire place is full of energy, good food, good drinks, and also a great place for kids to eat!!!Its a typical bubba gump, chain seafood, my burger was a little too rare and the food overall was ok. First we had a greeter that paged us and they let us stand there for a while, they sat another couple and then forgot he paged us.  Then they lead us up backstairs and we got  yelled at by kitchen guys not to walk up that way  even though our waitress was taking us that way. So eh on the food and initial experience, which is why i gave it 3 stars, but I would give it 5 for just our waitress kniki, she Was spectacular! She had us laughing and enjoying every minute of our time there from sit down to leaving. So for ambiance it was worth every minute.Wonderful staff, good food, great atmosphere in New Orleans!! My kids loved the experience. I hope to go again while on another adventure.This place was delicious! It was the first restaurant I ate at while I was in New Orleans. Not only are the meals delicious, but so are the drinks. You can even get one in a souvenir glass. The staff is friendly and the manager always comes by to say hello. While I waited, the waitress entertained me with Forrest Gump trivia. Boy, did I fail miserably! I guess it's been a long time since I've seen the movie! Luckily, Forrest Gump played on TV each night of our stay. I sure know everything about Forrest Gump now!
Bubba Gump is a really extraordinary restaurant. The atmosphere is friendly and I truly enjoyed my time there. I would definitely eat there again. I recommend this to everyone!Not impressed, appetizer came out after the meal. My daughters order was in 2 parts and my burger was undercooked.I didn't really know what to expect other than a Forrest Gump themed seafood restaurant.  Turns out that's pretty much all I should have expected. The food was OK.
I would not recommend the peel and eat or popcorn shrimp, as neither were cleaned properly.  The hush puppies, fried chicken and the veggie burger on the other hand were delicious! 
But the service was WEIRD. 
Our server was all over the place. He kept forgetting stuff, took our ap order and then took our menus without asking for our entrees, once we had ordered, he came back to ask (twice!) what entrees we wanted, was shouting at the other server working in the area, made a couple of very strange jokes and then came and grilled us on FG trivia while we were eating. Very Very strange. They also completely took apart a booth to find a guy's phone in the area we were in. Our server stared at that for a while and then came back to us to make fun of them. 
Very...very odd.We had an excellent fresh waiter. He was eager to please and did. My husband had the shrimp etouffe which was wonderful.  I had a salad with fried shrimp and a cup of gumbo. It was the perfect lunch. My husband played a little gump trivia. We would recommend this as a nice stop.We decided to play it smart and call ahead for reservations. Was told an hour wait. Not a big deal we understand this place is right in the heart of tourists central. We get there about an hour after we called expecting to be sat shortly. We stand there in line for about 30 minutes. A waiter walks up and tells us, you don't have to stand around you can go walk around and shop we will call you when it's time. I said yes I understand that. We called an hour 30 mins ago and was told about an hour. So I am certain it's about our turn shortly. We do finally get sat down to order. We get sat I. The back part where there were several completely empty tables.  I look at the adjacent wall, where 4 servers are just leaning against the wall. So I already got an issue of course. Why the long wait with many empty tables and many staff not working. 
We order onion strings and a sampler platter. After 40 mins our apps arrive. Of course 5 mins after apps come main dish. The food was ok at best. After about 3 mins we noticed they forgot my baby girls mac and cheese... (NOT HOMEMADE). They say sorry and run back to the back to get it ready. 5 minutes later that mac and cheese is done and my baby is good to go.Save your money!!! Slow service to go with slow restaurant. Food cold, seafood dry and hard, missing items on check... not worth the money. Gumbo Pot across the street was way better and cheaper.Food portions were really small and overpriced. Spinach artichoke dip appeared to be really wilted and had a greyish tint to it. It was clearly microwaved. Waiter however, was very prompt and courteous. Overall I wish I had dined elsewhere. The waiter was the silver lining when it should've been the food.Had a bit of a wait but the food and service was amazing. Our waiter, Brent, was attentive and helpful with the menu and knowledgeable about the items they had available. The food was delicious and came out in a timely manner.Great place a little different then the normal bubba gumps...  Great food would come back again.  Great bartender very clean.. Sat right in the front facing on decatur street..Service and food were great. Alfonso was our waiter and always had our cups filled. Got to see a parade while we were sitting on the balcony having dinner. Harold the GM stopped by to say hi. Very friendly and accommodating. Will definitely be back4 out of 5 stars, mainly because of our friendly server. Food was pretty good but nothing to scream about. Definitely isn't a bad place to go for a simple meal.I give this place zero stars.  I have worked in food service for 10 years - I ordered two 20oz draft beers during a happy hour that listed 16oz beers for $3.50.  When we got our ticket, they charged us $12.75 per 20oz beer = $25.50.  I talked to the manager and said this was unreasonable, at least drop it down to charge us two pints a piece ($15 total).  I told her I would not tip the server, which sucks.  She said she would take care of the server and there was nothing she would do.  Only after telling our server we would walk out with out paying our tab would they fix our tab.  What a joke.  DO NOT EAT HERE.  WORST SERVICE OF MY LIFEThe food was good. We stopped in for lunch and the portions were plenty. The waitress was very nice and accommodating. Enjoyed and would definitely return if in the area again.We ended up having the shrimp sizzler for an appetizer and a gulf shriimp dish for the main course. They also server the food with lots of bread, which was fairly soft and not hard as heck, along with some potatoes. The food was good, but pretty greasy. We enjoyed most of it, but after a while it felt like we could die of heart attacks. It's not the best place to eat in that area if you are visiting New Orleans. Check out Cafe Du Monde, which is right next door and very famous.We just had to stop in here during our visit to NOLA. We both absolutely love the movie Forrest Gump.
We shared a cup of Mama Blue's Shrimp Gumbo for $5.29 and washed it down with a refreshing Rhythm and Booze alcoholic beverage for $11.49. The price of the cocktail included a fun souvenir stemware to take home. Discover is an accepted form of payment. Stupid is as stupid does.
I particularly liked the metal license plates that we were in control of to signal whether or not we were in need of assistance. Made it easy to have a conversation with each other without being constantly interrupted.PATRICK  the manager is a huge jerk! What a terrible person to have to work for, those poor people ! A waiter made a mistake and told me I could turn in my receipt, which I had an alcoholic beverage on it for a free souvenir (so I was under the impression). The very gracious lady at the register told me that the waiter accidentally got it wrong and handled the situation accordingly. However, Patrick felt it was necessary to come over and get involved. Patrick rudely let me know I was not going to be getting a souvenir. As a tourist, I could care less about your souvenir because I had this thing called money in my purse, which you will not be getting ever again! This is how this establishment operates? Do not give Patrick your business or hard earned coins. Food was good, had the fried chicken but it's not good enough for me to ever visit again.Good prices, OK service from servers, but poor wait on food time. The food is just OK, worth the price. First off the host was friendly. The server was very nice and kept us intertained by asking us a lot of trivia questions about the Forest Gump movie. But after 45 min wait time on the food, and one angry husband. ;) Wink wink... We decided we would not come back. My 4 year old loved his meal but rhe kraft mack amd cheese was over cooked.It saddens me to write a bad review but I cannot tell a lie.  I was sorely sorely  disappointed with my experience at Bubba Gumps. My food was cold and unfortunately my appetizer nor my entree was correct. I didn't ask for anything too complicated...all I wanted was my salad dressing on the side.   The waitress was very nice but nice just couldn't compensate for the less than mediocre meal. The reviews did a good job describing this place but I was with a large group of people so I went along to be with the group.  Unfortunately only 2 out of the 20 people I was with actually enjoyed their food.  Because of the large group, they broke us up into two table....which was fine.   We couldn't believe that it took table 2 an additional THIRTY minutes to get their food after we were served ours.  My entire table of 8 people was done with our meal and ready to leave before the other table was even served.  THEN several of the orders on that table were incorrect and had to be sent back.  I doubt I will ever try another Bubba Gump's again :-(Went here street getting fed up about all the lines everywhere else. We ate on the roof deck....a little dark, with minimal lights. I had the steak and surprisingly good. The wait staff was really friendly. The reast of my party had various fish entries and all loved it. Cute place, nothing to write home about.Delightful place.  Musings from Forrest Gump scattered around.  Went about 6 pm no waiting.  Ordered the Shrimp New Orleans and it was delicious.  Also had a house salad.  It was served on a chilled plate and the salad was fresh and crisp.  I would eat here again!This is about as good as it gets to get seafood or any great meal in New Orleans. Friendly staff, If you can get in.. As expected crowds always follow the good eating so bring some patience with you for this one. And no Tom Hanks does not own this place.We were exciting to finally eat at a bubba gump shrimp, waiting fifteen minutes we decided to nicely get up and when we were approached we declined to eat there. Very disappointedThis was my first visit to Bubba Gump's shrimp in New Orleans. I was extremely excited to just visit and of course to taste the food. We arrived a few minutes late because of traffic anf trying to navigate and park was a slight challenge but we did call the restaurant to let them know and was immediatley told thatbyou habe 5 mins to get here or we are canclling your reservation. Now I travelled with a large group, we habe pre pick out our food and paid in full in adavnce. Once we finally arrived to the place we immediately  began to catch attitude from what I am assuming would be the manager or the head person in charge. Granted there were a lot of orders however some of the orders weren't made correctly. We brought it to the attention of not only the waitress but also the manager and he immediately copped an attitude and said well we won't have time to remake your food so you can eat it right now you'll just have to eat it to go. Wow really is that how you treat a customer or customers. If it wasn't for my waitress my entire evening would have totally sucked. PS my waitress was from turkey and she was awesome. So needless to say I'll never visit back at this establishment  at this location againI've had worst food, just the price doesn't match quality.  $22 dollars I expect my food presentation to be nice and taste to be great.  I would say my meal should have cost around $12.  If it was price correctly,  then my expectations would have matched.  The food was not bad just not worth the heavy price tag.Absolutely the worst experience ever! Raw raw raw potatoes and carrots in my dish. Hmmm... how am I supposed to eat raw red potatoes????? Boyfriend's steak dish was mediocre. 1 star for nice server. Skip it!!!!People say Cafe Du Monde is touristy.  That was fun. This was kind of annoying.  It was the off season and there was no one else upstairs so the server was constantly annoying us.  Even though our sign said Run Forrest Run which means we dont need anything.  He was really pushing us to drink and as we had a long night the night before that was annoying.  I had the coconut shrimp which was good and the beer was good. The server did take a couple of nicely set up pictures for us, but waaaaayyy overpriced.  Id like to give this place 3 stars, but just cant do it.'Dear God, make me a bird, so I can fly... fly far, far away from here.'  Yes, Jenny, my sentiments exactly.
Aww, but it's not so bad.  It's mostly a restaurant for entertainment.  We are not expecting Emeril to drop a signature etoufee on the table, or for a peaux-boy like Dooky Chase, now are we?  
I loved the movie, and all the trivia & trinkets associated with the cast.  I love shrimp, almost as much as Bubba.  Whenever we would visit family here in my youth, I would order shrimp at Bubba Gump's because I just had to.  It's not memorable, but it wasn't bad either.  I knew that I went to Copeland's if I wanted a dinner I could talk about the next day.   I went to Bubba Gump's to have fun - kind of like a Planet Hollywood experience.  
When you visit, stop in and check it out for yourself.  I would go back, but probably more for the drinks than the food.Locale che fa parte di una catena che prende il nome dal film di Forrest Gump. Esteticamente un posto molto 'american style', al limite del ridicolo se vogliamo, dove puoi anche comprare dei souvenir (tipo Hard Rock Cafè).
Il cibo però era buono!
Abbiamo preso un piatto di gamberi in varie cotture come antipasto e un piatto di pesce (mahi mahi) con riso cajun decisamente buono (molto speziato e piccante, ma ottimo al palato).
Un posto che ho consigliato a diverse persone che si sono tutte trovate bene, anche per la simpatia del luogo.
Peccato la lentezza del servizio comune a quasi tutti i locali di New Orleans..So I have never been to any Bubba Gump's before but I have always wanted to try it out! We got to BG's a little late but 2-3 hours before they close so the food should have been fresh. I ordered the "Forest's Feast," it was a good amount of food but the food was cold, not fresh and tastes like it had been sitting under a heating lamp. My date ordered the Jenny's Catch it was also unimpressive, cold, un fresh. I also really wanted some sweet tea but they were out of sugar I suppose, our waiter just said they had "there is sugar on the table." Over all our service here was pretty good they were very prompt at refilling our drinks and checking on us. My biggest complaint was the food being 'lack luster,' and cold. I would try it again during prime hours!Great restaurant! My family had a very enjoyable time here, and the service was awesome! Our waiter was very friendly and very attentive to our needs. The atmosphere was really great, and if you are a Forrest Gump fan, I definitely recommend it. My family split an order of the Seafood Hush Pups, and they were perfect, they also game with a tangy mayo-like sauce that was delicious. My dad got the Red Beans and Rice which came with a large piece of fried chicken, he said that it was awesome. My mom got the I'm Stuffed Shrimp, which she loved and I got the 1/2 Lb. All American BBQ Cheeseburger, which was perfectly cooked and amazing. I definitely recommend stopping by, on your next visit to New Orleans.Just had to eat there once during our trip!  Cute decor all about the movie!  Food was tasty.  Service was great!  It's Bubba Gump, you gotta go!Great location, terrible service, decent food. Four adults and two kids who went on on rainy Monday for dinner. We arrived around 5:15, there was a 20 minute wait, despite there being several open tables. It took way too long to get our food and even longer to get a drink from the bar. Our server was nice, but not very personable and he didn't come back for Forest Gump trivia like he had mentioned he would. I know that some people come to BG for the background and ties to the movie, but there are MUCH better seafood places in the FQ for seafood and drinks.Remember Bubba's endless list of how to best cook your shirmps?
Well, forget ALL about that!!!
I do believe that each and all that set foot in the restaurant (and, that includes me) secretly know that this place is just a franchise tailored around gadgets sales (much like hard rock and other establishments).
Bubba Gump is just that... a place to reminiscent about a great movie, a magistral performance from Tom Hanks and... not much else. If you want AMAZING NOLA food (gumbo, gator bites, po'boys and shrimps galore), do NOT come here. Whereas,  if you feel like having a dinner (or lunch) in the midst of FORREST GUMP movie/memorabilia. .. go ahead.
Tye staff is super, duper friendly (a itsy bitsy TOO eager to please... but, having worked for tips as a waitress i know that's their livelihood). But, amazong food it is not. ..
I was far more impressed by the gift shop!On my first trip ever to New Orleans, of course I had to try Bubba Gump Shrimp Co! Everyone greeted us and was very welcoming. They explained how to use their "run Forrest run" sign, which I thought was a neat idea and took our order right away. The servers did Forrest Gump trivia with us and told us jokes. The food was very good. We ordered Cajun shrimp and onion rings for appetizers which were good, my entree was the red beans and rice with fried chicken. It was full of flavor and the red beans had a little kick to them! It also happened to be my friends birthday, so when we told our server this, he gathered the other servers, made her stand up, sang a song and made her shake her bum! So funny! All in all I had a great experience and would definitely go back!I can only provide this occasion with a two-star rating. I celebrated my birthday in New Orleans the weekend of the French Festival, and the service was not as good as I expected. I say this because the place is dedicated to the movie Forrest Gump, starring Tom Hanks! They have the decor up to par...five stars there! The waitress suggested that we not try the jambalaya, stating everyone sends it back. Bad move on her part, because that is exactly what my friend wanted on our last day in town. We nicely got up and left. Found a spot nearby, sad case.HORRIBLE service.  It took 15 minutes to be acknowledged and another 10 to get a glass of water.  The waiter appears to have no more than 5 tables and is being super chatty with them.  While we're normally good tippers, his will be a line through "gratuity" and a conversation with his manager.  Hopefully the food is decent....still waiting on that.We were in town for Mardi Gras,, so it was extremely busy. We didn't wait too long for a table though, our server was great, extremely helpful. The food was outstanding, great atmosphere too. I highly recommend.Good little place for some quick and easy food. Loved the concept and theme of the Forest Gump concept and sure you will as well. Beverage list is quite extensive and menu item is standard but has flair. Give it a try and hope you enjoy it as much as I did. Cheers.Good staff as well as food
Our group of 40+ folks were treated to an enjoyable dinner recently by the pleasant and talented staff at Bubba Gump's. These folks know how to take care of large groups. Although they knew ahead that we were coming, they were prepared and got everyone seated and served in short time. The lead Server engaged the group in trivia about the movie, "Forrest Gump" - with prizes. A large number of our group knew the answers and took part. 
After getting the food and drink orders (the food choices had been called in the day before), everyone was served and most enjoyed their food - including the "Bubba Gump Shrimp". I had "Bubba's Accidental Chicken" and it was moist, tender and tasty, but a bit limited on the amount of chicken and rice; the Tilapia came with 2 slices. If you haven't had the pleasure, but are coming to New Orleans (or even live nearby), be sure to put Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. on your list of places to eat while you're there.We have been in New Orleans for 5 days.  This is the worst service that we have had.  Took forever to get our food.   They were out of several items on the menu.  Do not eat hereFood does not taste like New Orleans foods at all. It was bland with no flavor, look at all the food that we didn't eat (we were very hungry when we went).The service was poor. There is no reason the waitress did pick up the stack of plates, she stopped at the table 5 times after we stacked them.