Seasoned to the shell!!! And the place was  super clean ,even the bathroom was spotless!  I love it! I only wish they had a website:(I pass by this place multiple times a week and it wasn't until my neighbor suggested i try it that i stopped in. So far i've tried two items from here, the shrimp po boy and the chicken and shrimp yakamein. Both were superb, but whoa overpriced.
Seems like a good spot to get crawfish (when in season, of course) and some turkey necks, but as far as the po boys go, there are better deals elsewhere, but if you're in a time crunch and want one while you're in the area, go for it.
I'll give them another try at some point, it'll have to be whenever the stars and moon align just right though to get me back in there. Far from terrible, but places like this are a dime a dozen in New Orleans. They seem to be getting some good business, as they should. Check em out though, it would have gotten a fourth star from me if the prices were a little more competitive.I put 4 stars because I haven't had the full experience, but the crawfish was AMAZING! Anytime, they leave your lips burning, they are GOOD! The price per pound was a little expensive $6.00/lb, but they were delicious! I can't wait to go back, and try their other foods!Their grilled seafood is very good, especially in the po boys which have the usual fixings plus grilled veggies which I love. The etoufee is okay and they boiled shrimp is okay. I'm a huge fan of this place, because for the price you can never really go wrong. 
They have both seafood and chinese food, so it's fun to mix it up. Egg rolls amd fries rice are pretty good. Not a big fan of the mandarin chicken. I'll have to keep trying things.Best shrimp and oyster po boy I've ever had.  Even tried their "soup" (I can't remember what it's called, but it's a lot like ramen) and it was delicious. The location is really small and looks more like a fast food place than a restaurant.I had my first crawish of the season at C&A after reading a positive review in the Gambit. Spicy and delicious.
Awesome selection of boiled/fried seafood and a random selection of asian food.  Next time I will try their yakamein because I'm intrigued. They also have frozen yogurt.
Fast and super friendly service.
It is what it looks like:  a converted gas stationRide by almost everyday, stopped in cuz i was jonesed for something fried in a small portion. Lots of fresh seafood on display, but do they turn it over that often? In an industrial part of town so maybe a big lunch crowd. Seems like a jack of all trades type restaurant. $7.50 min on credit cards, so i didn't fulfill my jones...I had no idea their crawfish is as good as it is. They are spicy and seasoned to perfection. Their shrimp po boys and boiled shrimp are good as well. I like the fact that they use romaine lettuce instead of iceberg.This is a nice seafood market with both New Orleans style seafood and Chinese dishes.  The prices are very affordable and they have a very nice selection of seafood with a huge menu selection.  They have a pretty nice building with seating inside and a patio outside.  Unfortunately they don't sell beer or fresh brewed iced tea and only have a selection of sugary bottled beverages and bottled water.   Their gumbo is a mix of everything with chicken, sausage, crawfish, and shrimp.  I like my seafood gumbo all seafood so that wasn't my cup of tea but some folks like a gumbo with everything under the sun in it so there ya go.  Unique among all seafood places like this they also offer frozen yogurt.  They take credit cards and also have an ATM on site.  This would be a total four star joint if they just sold beer and fresh tea!They sold me previously frozen crawfish and called them fresh.  I know the difference and was very disapointed!  Cajun seafood is much better and just a few blocks away!Great poboys and buns! My favorite place to go that's not crazy crowded. Very good noodles as well. 
I don't care for the salads or seafood, but they aren't horrible. Just simple.Perfect to grab raw whole shrimp! Delicious! I haven't had their other food but it's a good place to grab seafood to make at homeSeafood, poboys, gumbo, red beans, etouffe, Chinese food and Vietnamese vermicelli are all excellent. They do not serve pho. The house fried rice is very, very good. Quick service and reasonable prices for large servings. Highly recommended for lunch.  Decent amount of indoor and outdoor seating.This place is StupidGood!!!
The spice and flavor are incredible!! Took my son here for the snow crab legs and shrimp, he is only 11 but correctly identified them as the best ever! These people are super friendly and I am sooo glad I got lost and somehow happened upon this little joint, talk about a shock! Seems that they must've had some small crawfish come through at some point, thus the few negative reviews, all I can say is, "try something different if they're too small for you!" Seems like you all would've noticed their size before ordering since it's all displayed right in front of you. Anyway, I love how it's so clean and has excellent service. Can't wait to go back for my third visit on my next trip to N.O. =)I used to really the food at this place but lately not at all.  I find that they have been taking their unsold boiled shrimp and grilling them and frying them for salads and sandwiches.  Today I tried ordering a grilled chicken salad and the chicken is rock hard and old.  Sorry to see the quality of their food go down.  Right now I'm eating a meatless salad because the chicken is horrible.  My coworker just pulled all of the shrimp off her poboy.  My office usually orders lunch from here and everyone has been complaining for the last few months and now we rarely order anything from there at all. Even a friend of the owners who works with me said she will never order food from them ever again.  I tried to give them another chance but.......Good grilled shrimp poboy but the woman behind the counter is a very unfriendly.I wont be back because of the review from the lady who found the huge bug in her crawfish.Disgusting!Don't go here. They are incredibly rude. They gave my pick up order away to other people and I had traveled twenty minutes to get there. Don't waste ur time!I used to live really close but always ignored it.  shame on me.  it was great and the prices were great too.  lots of fried seafood.  i got the oyster/shrimp platter and it was fantastic.  i would definitely go back in a heartbeat.  (vietnemese food too i wouldnt mind checking out),  really great place if you are in the mood for fried seafood.I've eaten here about 6 or 7 times. I usually get the shrimp & chicken yakamein, but I've also had an oyster poboy, shrimp poboy, and egg rolls. Their yakamein is nothing short of AMAZING! They use big chunks of chicken and fairly large shrimp,  it's well flavored but not over seasoned, and is consistent (it has tasted just as good each time I've had it). The poboys are nicely filled and really good. The egg rolls are great as well. The prices are a little bit high, but I'll gladly pay these prices in exchange for the short wait time and quality ingredients!! Especially for the yakamein- when the next best place is in a bad neighborhood & uses those nasty little orange shrimp that you see sold in food stores as "dried shrimp"!!I came for the yaka mein and it was good. The shrimp were good but too few. The restaurant was very clean. Service was polite and quick. How odd to be at the corner of Jefferson Davis and Martin Luther King Jr streets? That's the curious South for ya.Good cheap shrimp and oyster po boy. Good fry. Overstuffed. Would def go back again. They take credit cards.This is probably my favorite...in town. if you're going to splurge, this is the place to do it. The Owner as well as the employees are welcoming and are unfailingly polite, friendly, and mannerly. They are obviously committed to ensuring that customers are satisfied with their purchase and experience. Customers are provided with fast service and affordable prices. The prices are terrific, and the meals are delicious. Highly recommend this place the food and ambience make this a place. I'll definitely return and bring my friends.
The HallsI love this place. I first tried their shrimp poboy and it was so yummy I went back the very next day and got another one. I also went there one day craving boiled crabs but while I was checking out they brought out the freshly boiled crawfish and I decided to get a pound. although I am born and raised in new orleans im really not a crawfish eater but I was so glad I tried theirs. it was so juicy and flavorful. A little spicy but just delicious. the crabs were equally as tasty. I always recommend this place now. Its clean and reasonable and veryyyy yummy!My friend and I drove all around town and roughly at 7pm. Most shops were already closed and we came across this one by chance. The owners were super nice when they found out I spoke the same language as them. 
We ordered 10lbs of crawfish, came out to about $30, what a steal?! My 2 friends and I gobbled up all 10 juicy and flavorful pounds. I am definitely craving for some now!Great po-boys and hot lunches. Very clean attractive restaurant with very nice staff. Fried catfish po-boy was excellent and the po-boy bread is very taste. The shrimp are also very good. The boiled crabs were fat, tasty and reasonably priced. If your in the area try it, I think you will like it.This place is so much more than seafood!
Upon walking into the converted gas station- I was shocked. The place is clean and has crabs, crawfish, shrimp etc. on display.  In addition to offering seafood by the pound, they have seafood platters, poboys, buns, sausages, chinese food, and a smattering of vietnamese food too.  There's also a selection of spices for sale behind the counter (sri racha, crab oil, etc.).
The people working there were super friendly. I ordered some takeout Chinese and only had to wait about 8 minutes.  I had the lo mein, my boyfriend had the pepper steak. The food was great (especially the fried rice). 
Next time I go I'll definitely get seafood- it looked/smelled great! I'll admit the crawfish were not the biggest...but they were $4.50/lb. You can't beat that price! 
Overall- an unexpected place in an unexpected location.  Was more than pleasantly surprised!I been wanting crawfish all day, and saw this place C&A seafood and I was happy. I brought 2lbs of crawfish and got home and start eating good. I'm sure I ate about half of it, and something in my head told me to look down in my bag, and OMG!! I COULD HAVE DIED!!!!! a big a** bug in the bag. I instantly got sick!! Puking everywhere, now I feel like I need to get my stomach pump. :( never eat there, please I'm warning you all, never eat there. Check out the pic if you think I'm kidding...This is hands down the best-ever crawfish and andouille sausage I've ever had. Incredibly fresh and perfectly seasoned. Also some of the best cocktail sauce & the people working the counter were super friendly and patient despite my indecisiveness.If you want to spend $4.50/lb on PEELERS, go here!
Peelers are boiled crawfish that are too small to sell.Stopped here on a whim last night with a date and was not disappointed. The staff was very friendly and quick, the place was very clean and brightly lit. The yakamein is INCREDIBLE. we got the combination which has beef, chicken, and shrimp and there is plenty of each. I will definitely be frequenting this place.As usual this spot does not disappoint. As promised here's a follow up review. So we decided let's try some of the other items on the menu; the prices are more than reasonable enough. Well let me tell you!!! Chinese food made excellent as though at a 4 star restaurant in cooking, wow! Let me also add that my To go plates were the nearest I've ever seen! Not a rice out of place and sauses were put in the side. I've ordered from there (definitely not including seafood) approximately 4 different times trying new cooked food items and the kids love them as well. Amazing! I'm going to order right now for lunch lolBy the gods, this place was terrible! I've been putting this review off because I've been rather busy lately. But now it's time to get down to the nitty gritty.
The customer service wasn't that great. They had the whole "hurry up and order something"mentality. They Just basically show little or no concern for their customers. So I wasn't very impressed with customer service at this seafood restaurant.
Now onto the food, I have actually eaten at this restaurant once before. The first time I had food here was during mardi gras. Me and my friend Ronald stopped here and got some crawfish. I liked the crawfish the first time I went here, but my friend Ronald said he didn't like it because it was too spicy. The second time I got the food was when I went here with my girlfriend Nikki. Given my first experience I figured that she would like this place because they serve really spicy crawfish. I ordered a couple of pounds of crawfish and some shrimp fried rice then we left. When we went back to my place her and I were digging in. The shrimp fried rice was nothing to brag about. The crawfish was good at first but as we had almost eaten three quarters of the crawfish she made a discovery. A big nasty looking bug mixed in with the crawfish, Gross!!!!! We made haste back to the restaurant, when we let them know what happened. They didn't even act like they were shocked, The way they acted it seems like it's a common occurrence. To add insult to injury instead of giving us a full refund they only gave us a partial refund because we had eaten some of the crawfish. A big thanks for absolutely nothing to them for that one! Another thing that shocked me was the fact that all the other customers heard us telling them about the bug in the crawfish but seemed completely unfazed. Seriously WTF is wrong with them?
The restaurant itself is small, it's pretty much a deli with inside and outside seating. The crawfish is more expensive here than it is on the Westbank which is typical of seafood places in this area. Other than that it's a hole in the wall place.
In short unsanitary food, poor customer service, and overpriced. In other words this place is good for nothing!I've had better food from them but this review is about the Yakamein. I've never had Broccoli in my yakamein before. I was actually shocked to see it. I didn't check it before I left the store because it's yakamein, what can be wrong? I asked about 5 other people If they had broccoli in theirs and they all said no. There was also no soy sauce in here and no flavor at all. They didn't even put any soy sauce packets in the bag. All in all this was disappointing, I would not recommend it!Great food , excellent service , always come here .  There seafood and catfish patter  is on point . Always hot and not expensive at allzThis is a nice, quick spot for artery clogging goodness. The fried seafood poboys and platters are perfect. Their batter is crisp and tangy - no tarter sauce needed. They also have great boiled snow crabs. Everything is pre boiled then placed back into spicy stock for heat up.It was an amazing place! Out of nowhere but has great po boy sandwich! We tried shrimp and catfish. We actually came here for Yaka mein and it was not that impressive, but the king crab was good, and we really enjoyed the sandwich.I tried the shrimp & crawfish poboys. Very very tasty.. Good proportion of seafood to bread, not too much of either.. The seafood is obviously fresh because it tastes great. If you want a consistently good poboy, this is the place to go.Came here to try dipped crawfish for the first time. Absolutely great!!!! The service here is beyond on point. They cared about making sure we had hot and flavorful food while explaining everything to us. We even ended up convincing other customers to try them from trying ours! I never share food with strangers especially crawfish but it made me wanna slap my momma and tell somebody about it Rotfl! 
They have an array of food options which I will be back to try them all.I will NEVER spend another dollar at this establishment. I purchased a meal for two however, decided I wanted to purchase a slice of cake after my meal but was told that I needed to purchase an additional $7.50 in order to use my debit/credit card.  I think this is absolutely ridiculous! I will NEVER step foot into this establishment again!Delicious, delicious, delicious food! This place was recommended by the lyft driver my first night in NOLA. They offer Cajun and Vietnamese food (all very flavorful). We ordered a pound of snow crab legs, fried shrimp and chicken rice, and fried catfish. It was all really fresh and delicious! My new go to spot when visiting NOLA!The boiled said is extremely flavorful. You taste celery,  onion,  cayenne garlic, and thyme. The crawfish are always a good size and although they're a bit more expensive than similar places,  the flavors and cleanliness makes it well worth it. The crab is absolutely delicious and I even devour the corn!I came in to place a lunch order, and their credit card machine was down, so they were only able to take cash. There was an ATM outside, so it wasn't a big deal. I withdrew and paid for my order. After getting my receipt, I went to the restroom. By the time I got out, the machine was working again LOL. I jokingly said "I spent $2.99 (atm fee) for nothing". The cashier gave me 3.00 back in cash for the inconvenience. VERY sweet gesture and deserves mentioning!C&A Seafood, is somewhere yo go for really good Crawfish, seafood and Yakamein.
The prices are a little high, but this is still uptown.
Quality is good, and service pretty quick.
Overall, I am a fan.
Give 'em a shot..
You'll be glad you didThis place has the best seafood. It is very flavorful and you can tell the seafood has been properly marinated. I came here during this Mardi Gras weekend, so it was kind of busy which I think is a good sign. My family ordered several pounds of crawfish and two Snow crabs. The Snow crabs were my favorite part of the seafood medley we ordered. I could tell they were extremely seasoned when I was cracking one of the crab legs open and the juice from it got in my eye, which was painful lol. I also really like their outside seating area, it was a nice touch to sit outside the restaurant on a warm Mardi Gras day in picnic tables while cracking open crab & crawfish with daquiris to wash it all down.Delicious shrimp and crawfish boiled and sides. I have tried many places and this is the winner in my personal opinion. Give them a try.Food is good .Customer service sucks.The lady with the dreads is very unfriendly i watched her roll her eyes at i guess it was the manager.She only greeted African american ppl.We all know reverse racism doesn't exist tho.Service has always sucked here no thx i will take my business elsewhereMy aunt recommended this place for an authentic Cajun style crawfish. I was not dissatisfied at all. Everything was perfect. The crawfish sizes were medium to large and the crabs had delicious goodies inside of them. The special friend rice was delicious also. I would recommend this place to anyone. Houston can't compete.Decent Seaford, but customer service is deplorable. Which is really sad, because this place has some potential.Great boiled seafood selection (by the pound, market price), deliciously dressed shrimp/oyster/catfish po-boy, very clean environment with indoor and outdoor seating.  The best part is the very quick service!I enjoy regional specialties and was excited to see Yakamein on the menu. Yakamein is Nawlins version of the hangover soup.  Also known as "Old Sober" it is their Menudo or Pho. It usually has stewed beef, spaghetti noodles and a boiled egg. C&A serves the quick version of this soup. I liked their broth and noodles but wished they used stewed beef instead of beef broccoli style beef.  It was satisfying though and a quick fix. 
They have a wide variety of seafood and we got the crawfish. It was fun to try and our first Nola whole crawfish experience.  It was pretty good, but I missed the Boiling Crab Whole Sha-bang sauce. I've always been interested in Vietnamese Cajun boils so I was happy to try the place out.  
Very nice and friendly staff.I've driven by this place a hundred times on my way to goodwill to load up on costumes (and by costumes I mean brightly colored plus sized women's clothing...shhh trade secret). I finally decided to stop in after reading all the good reviews.  I wasn't too impressed: the food was decent, but there were some weird things going on.  For example, why aren't the corn and potatoes boiled in the crawfish/seafood boil?  Overall, there wasn't much that stood out for me, but I may go back to give them a second chance.This place was OK. The Gumbo wasn't up to snuff, the poboy bread wasn't roasted enough. The bolted crawfush were good.Ah! I am so conflicted in writing this review. Beef Lo Mein was off the charts good, we requested the addition of broccoli. Yum! My sweetheart had the shrimp and catfish poboy on the baguette, dressed. The bun was preferred but they were out of them, therefore the baguette made the sandwich too heavy and dry, he had to add extra Mayo. The fried rice is nothing to write home about but again, the lo mein was DELISH. I had some snow crab, which was good. Their butter dipping sauce is PERFECT. The smoked sausage was bad, I kept trying to like it until I realized I found myself having a hard time chewing it and getting it down. The potato was super over cooked, no bueno. The corn was good. Overall, I would definitely come back to try the rest of the noodle dishes and would surely go back for the snow crab. Overall, skip the sausage and the potatoes, not worth your money. The prices are quite steep, but like I said, I have a feeling the noodle dishes are amazing just like the lo mein.Best Crawfish we've ever had. My wife and I ALWAYS stop by whenever we drive through the area. They tend to be harder to peel but meat is sweeter than most places. Owner and attendants are very friendly and helpful.Just had my first crawfish of the season here and it was definitely different but amazing.A young lady named Shona gave us the best old school New Orleans service I have had since I moved home (I want to meet her parents and say thank you good) .The crawfish we're just spicy enough and had all kind of different melted butters, styles and add ons my girl had been her before and knew what to do , it was a bit pricey but it is the beginning of the season ..... totally recommendI am an original resident of New Orleans and want to express my deepest concern of the poor quality of poboys sold here. This isn't our flavor! I ordered the shrimp Po boy and it was fried in old awful grease also, I added the house rice. What a big mistake?! Never order from a picture. I received egg fried rice instead of combination. This place is a joke! Never again.This place is SO GOOD. Good spices, great prices. Want a romantic dinner but can't cook lobster? Done. Want some crawfish but don't feel like boiling? Done. Feeling sick/hungover and jonsing for some Yakamein? Sure, what kind you want? Pork? Chicken? Shrimp? All three? No problem. Poboy lunch? Right here, bra. 
In a nutshell--this place is legit. Haven't tried the chicken wings yet, but pretty sure that will happen very soon...it's football season!We knew that it's the end of crawfish season.  Our guests wanted to try crawfish for the first time.   I've served boiled crawfish for 9 years so I know some things!  Visitors be aware the pans that they serve togo crawfish only holds 3 lbs.  We ordered 5 lbs.  I should of thought twice when she said that the crawfish was cold so she is going to pour juice in container ( it was 3/4 full of juice) The double aluminum serving pan and juice makes weight.   I didn't get what I paid for.   They also forgot my sausage that I paid extra for.  The customer service was alright.  Totally dissatisfied.  I will not come back
This would a great place to eat at if they make some serious changes.Everything was disgusting. I've been here once before and everything wasn't so bad but this time around it was all disgusting . The food tasted like it was freezer burned and really old. The eggs rolls were fried so much they were burned but was soggy. :|This place was OK. The Gumbo wasn't up to snuff, the po-boy bread wasn't roasted enough. The boiled crawfish were good.The crab was amazing and fair prices. The crawfish was great to be out of season. Wasn't a fan of the fried shrimp po boy but I have unrealistic standards. Can't speak highly enough about the crab. SO GOOD.Went here craving crawfish on a Sunday. We were excited to try, because they are close to our house. My first warning should have been the prices...$4.89 per pound for crawfish when everyone else is selling for about $3.00 or less. Then the boiled crabs were $2.59 each for small and $4 something for large despite all of this, I bought them both. I get them to the table, and my wife realizes that she needs a claw cracker for the crabs, she goes up to get one and they tell her she needs a $5 deposit and when she brings it back she gets the money back....she pitched a fit, but I got up and gave the girl a $5 and got the cracker. The food in my opinion was mediocre at best. Everything was under seasoned for boiled seafood. Still, we ate it and I got up to return the cracker and get my $5 back.......wellllllll now the trouble starts. No one admitted to taking the $5 from me. I know that I gave it to one of the girls at the register, both are looking dumb. They start discussing it in their native language then shaking their head no to me....Well, I was not moving. Check your cameras....I gave the five, and I wanted it back. Finally one of the men opened the register and gave me the $5. I won't be back. Michael's on Jefferson has better food and is cheaper, unfortunately they were closed at the time. Next time I will plan better.One of my favorite seafood spots in NOLA. I always get fresh, quality seafood when I go. Sometimes, I'm in the mood for seafood that is not loaded with seasoning. This is my go-to spot for that. 
I really enjoy their snow crabs most, and it does not hurt that they offer butter with them. Their shrimp and crawfish are also pretty good. Again, not loaded with seasoning but just enough flavor. 
They also give generous portions of their other meals. I have had their meat pies, gumbo, Lo Mein, and some of their fried sandwiches/plates. All were generously portioned and all had decent flavor. 
One downside: I do not like their boiled potatoes. They are usually flavorless in my opinion. 
The place appears really clean, which is a huge plus! Good customer service.Forgot to take pics of the food. It's a really nice spot with outdoor dining and indoor tables for crawfish with friends. I have yet to try their crawfish. I've been here for takeout for their fried chicken (yes!!), and chicken fried rice (oh my god yes, it's not like crazy or anything but I think they put toasted garlic or something in it that makes it so damn good and flavorful), crawfish pies weren't my favorite, but I'm not the biggest fan of them! The staff is nice, seems good for groups. Good amount of parking as well.Crawfish - I had to have some and this is the ONLY place in town to find them late season. The boil was one of the best I ever had in 40 years and now I want to go right away ! Service was fantistic. Now I want to try out the rest of their menu (including the etouffee ;-)A SUB IN THE HUB
A pithy yankee description of a po'boy on this odd convergence of three major thoroughfares. Unfortunately the shrimp version at C&A is just as bland.
SKIMPY GEOMETRY
Okay, since the area of a foot long poboy is approximately 48", and the average diameter of a dill slice is 1.25", then it follows that coverage by the stingy 6 pickles at C&A is grossly inadequate at just 15.6% of the total surface. This is particularly annoying because the shrimp are also small and sparsely distributed (see my pic).Just adding in another review. Shrimp po boy still bland. Seafood off the tray still AMAZING. Crawfish was a bit spicy this time but I was there for it. Took about twenty min for my lips to recover ha.The portion size was huge. The vegetable fried rice was pretty flavorful. The egg roll was meaty and filling. Customer service was non-existent.  They stocked my bag with soy sauce and duck sauce. However, I wanted sweet and sour sauce on the side. The lady charged me a dollar extra after I  paid. She didn't even ring it up, she just took the dollar and gave me the sauce. Not a super big deal, but noticeable. All in all, I enjoyed my food.So I ordered the crawfish as I usually do Vietnamese styled and the young lady had the nerve to tell me and another customer we didn't know what we're ordering. Clearly if 4ppl are ordering the same thing you're the one needing to know more about your job not us regulars. So no crawfish for $7 and not the way I want is a no go.Honestly, I think they've improved. Crawfish were on the smaller side but the seafood was seasoned SO well! Even the potatoes taste a little better!