Saw a great band perform here last night (Space Story) for free! Such a great venue and it's so fantastic that we were able to see this wonderful music without a cover. They were incredible!This was my second stop in Frenchman St. I must say that I was disappointed that they did not play one reggae song at all. However, being a fan of live music they did have a band. The crowd was cool but some seemed into the music and some did not. Drinks were decent busy as in any bar do not leave your drink unattended. Someone in my parties drink may have been tampered with as unknowingly her drink was left unattended as she thought someone in the group was watching it. Her behavior took a turn and as a group we departed the club. 
Overall, I wouldn't say it's a must but worth checking out if your in the area.Everything in New Orleans is amazing. Period. Don't waste your time going to music club on Frenchman that charges a cover when plenty of places like this one are FREE.
Plenty of space for you to dance, sit, people watch etc. When we went here it was mostly Reggae music which was really good.The crowd here was younger than at Spotted Cat, but no babies crawling.Heavily influencing my rating is Soul Project who played that night and killed it. Great drinks, great music, great times.This place a hidden jem. Good music, accepts debit cards, and best of all... serves great greasy food til 2 am. what more could you ask for after a druck night of dancing?We stumbled in here on Halloween night 2015 after seeing they offered a more extensive menu than the pizza that was being served by the slice outside. We ordered a pulled pork sandwich, barbacoa pork quesarito, and 2 hurricanes. I still think back to this night and wish I could find another place back home here in California that serves deliciously fresh Mexican food with a slow, chill vibe. I was literally dancing in between bites. I am definitely coming back here the next time I'm in NOLA.One of my favorite places on Frenchman street. Almost always a good band playing. Pretty cool douch free crowd. Decent prices on drinks and some great late night grub. Well worth a stop.So much fun here! Non stop  live music, awesome people. Grab a piece of pizza late night plan to dance a bit!! Been here twice on trips to NOLA now. Awesome place on Frenchmen!Decent place.  Bartender was friendly and the taco place was good.  It's a good place to start the night on Frenchmen St.good music, full abita selection, and tacos on corn tortillas (gluten free) ftw!We stayed on Frenchmen street and were barhopping to enjoy as many bars as we could that night. We went to The Spotted Cat and came out fuming - literally. Smoking inside is not okay! Eh. So they had awesome music pouring out of Cafe Negril. We ended up staying for hours and enjoying the music that just got better by the hour. The band was inviting either local musicians, friends or ex-band-members onstage to sing/rap/play an instrument and the whole night was magical. I am definitely returning when I visit NOLA again!In New Orleans for a brief visit we knew one experience we wanted to have was a live jazz club experience. We took the trolley to the north end and walked the streets looking for the right vibe. We happened upon Cafe Negril. No cover charge check, live music check, a couple stools waiting for us at the bar check! We parked ourselves at the bar had a couple cold ones and enjoyed a four piece group playing their hearts out. Their music was eclectic and we loved it. The group had a difficult name to remember something like the four Norseman or something like that. We had a great time. Midway thru their set the lead singer brought around a donation can and we were glad to contribute.
We didn't have food but we did see pizza and other snacks the crowd was enjoying. The audience was all ages from elderly to teens. Fun Fun FunI heard a lot of music while in New Orleans but the best music simply came from here. The singers and the band here are amazing and the song selection was simply on point. Along with free cover and good drinks at a good price and you have to me the anchor music club for Frenchmen st.Great place for late night drinks and live music. Drinks average 8-10$ per cocktail or mixed​ drink.
But for the owner/manager, I highly recommend that drunk you turn off the autofocus on the live feed Sony camera after you set the focus point. It frequently tries to refocus since it cannot lock on a target reliable in low light.The best live music! Walking along Frenchman, I was pulled into the afro carribean beats but new age songs. It was fun! The drinks were ok, they get watered down quickly. I didnt explore past the front of the house, but managed to grab a stool eventually.  Very enjoyable evening.saw smoky greenwell and the blues gnus this past saturday.  so.much.fun.  danced with friends until 3 a.m. (and only pulled myself away because i had to get up a few hours later.)  seriously, no cover and an amazing band (with a cute guitarist).Best Taco spot ever in the back!!!! I think about those tacos daily. It's always a fun place my 1st stop whenever I'm in the NOOne of the most fun nights I had in New Orleans (as an adult, meaning out of college, and not during Mardi Gras).  
"Open mic" but not just for singers - for the WHOLE BAND!  We walked in and the band was awesome, then the drummer, a lady (which was cool and not something I'd seen often), jumps up and another musician takes her place on the drums.  After another song the guitarist trades out. Then the singer gives way to another singer who gets up on stage and with a "Band" of people who acted like they'd never played together, did an absolutely amazing Rap-Soul-Jam version of a Johnny Cash Song!!No cover, one drink per set, great music. 
For people who need a late night snack, they serve tacos, quesadillas, and pupusas.I had an aweful experience here. There was a minimum to use ur credit card. The music wasnt that good and the insane big haired bar tender kicked me out bc she accused me of throwing a cherry at her?! This place is an awful waste of time and money.  DO NOT GO HERE.Went here this past weekend with a group of girlfriends and had an absolute blast. No cover and an amazing band was playing, fronted by a female who sounded a lot like Janis Joplin and had great energy/stage presence. We spent a good hour here dancing and drinking and probably would've stayed longer if we didn't have the drunk munchies. Minus two stars strictly for the miserable male bartender who was working that night, and who looked like he'd rather be somewhere else having a root canal or getting the plague or something. I ordered about $30 worth of drinks from him and after relaying my order (5-6 mixed drinks) asked for a glass of water. He made all of the drinks (while frowning the entire time) and then took my card without making the glass of water. Fine, I thought, maybe he didn't hear me. I asked for a glass of water again, and he ignored me. I stood there for a good 5 minutes in front of him while he continued to make other orders and refused to look up or acknowledge me. I finally left but it really irritated me - it was a hot night and I tipped 5 or 6 bucks; it's not like I stiffed him. I'm not sure if this is bar policy but if so, just let the customer know. I would've bought a bottled water if that were the only option. Otherwise, nice, strong drinks and super fun atmosphere.The night I went, there was a funk band playing, and the whole place was dancing.  Had I been there on one of the reggae nights...well, I wouldn't have been there on one of the reggae nights.  (Reggae makes my skin crawl).  Which I guess is what this place usually does.  Loudly, from what I gather from some of the other reviews.  I can only judge it from my experience there, which was good.  It definitely struck me as the most Bourbon Street-esque of all of the establishments on Frenchmen, but it was still fairly low on the skanks and bros factor.  This place isn't really my scene, but the people I was with enjoyed themselves.Good music venue on Frenchmen.  Bands lean towards reggae unless it is a festival/parade weekend.  Food is not great but serves in a pinch.SMOKE FREE AT LAST!! That's all that has kept me from stopping in and grabbing great food from the best "taco truck" in NOLA. The music can be hit or miss but it's always good to stop in to eat drink and listen.A great place to eat, drink, and dance the night away. Food was delicious, great service and band was awesome.One of our favorite spots on our entire New Orleans adventure. 
-$3 soft tacos (and other items on the menu) at a "restaurant" inside of the bar... SOLID tacos. 
-$5 beers (bottled beers only though... no tap available... would be better if there were better and more local tap options than the bottled Abita, Sierra Nevada, Newcastle, and other universal brands)
- NO Cover (and not a line in sight.... at least the 3 times in 4 nights that we ended up here)
- Great live music..... all types of music on any given night. One of the notables from our time there was a band called Another Day In Paradise. Solid sax/horn work, sirs. 
Divey feel to the bar, although it's not often that you have tens of people dancing in front of the bar at a dive. I recommend a stop here while on Frenchmen Street... if someone is playing... or if you are hungry for a quick fix.What's not to like?
Funky bands, no cover, decent al pastor options (they call it pineapple pork here) for the fooding if you are having a bit of trouble standing and talking at the same time. 
Another excellent option in the Marigny, certainly worth a stop if you like what you hear.We really enjoyed Cafe Negril!  The music was great and started early. Fun atmosphere and great staff.My friend has a huge crush on John Lisi, so we always go to catch him & his band when we're in town. She doesn't have to drag me, though, because his band is great. On our last visit, we looked up & realized we'd been there for nearly 3 hours.  Time just flew. The staff is very nice & treat customers as if they're valued (what a concept!). Having some bad memories of bar food from my college days, I never tried their food (may do it now that I've read some of the reviews, though). Recommended.Good funk band the other night, big space.Fun, friendly bar that serves amazing ( and affordable ) Mexican food in the back. I had the chicken tacos, with fresh guacamole. Hands down, best tacos I've had ( hot, juicy, full of flavor ) and the order was ready in just a few minutes. The bartender ( I should have gotten her name ), was really cool, always smiling, & quick to make sure that everyone was taken care of ( no one had to wait around or flag her down ). The band playing that night was Twisted Dixie. They play a mix of modern jazz & old school classics, R&B, and funk. These guys are super talented musicians & the front man of the band is high energy & comedic too, which made it even more fun. It gets crowded because it's a popular hot spot, so if you get really late at night, you may have trouble squeezing in. If you get in, you'll never forget this place. Good times!Live music venu on Frenchman St with a kitchen in the back.  I caught the act prior to the reggae band on Saturday and they were very good.  The place is primarily standing with a few seats and tables in the corners.  The lay out of the place makes for little room to see stage well, which is the only downside.
The taco truck sets up in the back, with Tacos, Burritos, and Gorditas with either chicken, beef, or pineapple pork.Really fun, large bar on Frenchmen with lots of locals and good, diverse music. Bottled beers are pretty cheap and plenty of space for dancing. 
A big bonus here is the delicious fish tacos... MmmmCheap drinks and great entertainment! If you're visiting New Orleans, make your way to Frenchmen Street for some damn good music!Came by while walking in Frenchman. What awesome raggea and so engaging artists on July 31, 2012. Love it. A must go place when in NOLA.Smoke free. No cover charge. Enjoyed listening to a female vocalist and a Reggae band. 
Enjoyed this late at night on a Friday.We had originally been looking for the House of Blues and found out from a local it was closed on Monday nights. He told us we needed to head to Frenchman and check out where the 'locals go' so we took his advice, jumped in a taxi and headed over. Cafe Negril was the first bar we went into and we stayed the rest of the night. Great live music - it seemed like there were just musicians walking into the bar and heading to the stage to jam with the band. Skip Bourbon Street and head over the Frenchman, you'll get a taste of real New Orleans culture, great music, and friendly locals. There were several bars on this street that were all playing live music so make sure you take the time to check out a few others, I will next time!No cover, easy bathroom access, and late night food make Cafe Negril a winner not as a Frenchmen Street destination, but as a quick walk-in stop to recharge.
Cafe Negril is a reggae club, even though the musical offerings sometimes vary. There's still a giant mural of Bob Marley on the wall over the stage. Unfortunately, the music has always been middling at best. Still, it draws big crowds.
* Bartender gave me my non-alcoholic drinks for free *This place is a must! Great experience while in New Orleans to celebrate our friends' wedding. From the hopping fun atmosphere complete with great drinks, food, awesome live music to the hip staff, EVERYONE at Cafe Negril made sure we had a blast. Definitely will go back!Loved this place for live music. The bartender was friendly and the drinks came quickly. We didn't try the food but there were lots of people coming in just for takeout so that's got to mean something, right?! There's space for a dance floor and the bar area did get a little crowded as the night went on. I recommend getting there on the early side if you want to get a seat.When in Frenchmen, don't miss to check out Cafe Negril. Great place to be with no cover charge, BarTenders are friendly. The hip crowd that will spice up more the night out, the live band that usually play cool music that entices everyone to dance and have fun. When in Cafe Negril you are in the right place. I will recommend visiting this bar, will surely make a difference in your time in Nola.Good place to have a drink and enjoy some funky live music. They mix the drinks well, if maybe a little too strong.The live music at this spot is hit or miss and it is full of smokers. You will leave smelling like an ashtray. The stage is small and you pretty much have to either sit at the bar or stand in front of it if you care about seeing the musicians play. Kind of dive-ish. Did not try the food so I can't speak to that. No cover is a plus. Music there is decent, but this would not be my first choice.Fun enough with different music styles depending on when you go. Can get crowded...just like everywhere else in New Orleans.Awesome atmosphere here, the music is great drinks are cheap and there are greasy late night food options steps away from the stage and bar. There were a few scatter high top tables for people to sit during the show which is a nice option for people who can't stand or who want to avoid the crowds.Cafe Negril is a fantastic night spot for drinks and live music. There was no cover,  just a one drink minimum. Even when the bar was pretty crowded it did not take long to get a drink. We had a blast drinking and dancing the night away with a fun group of people. We saw Noggin and In Business and both were fantastic. In Business was the closing group and they kept everyone on their feet having a great time!After leaving d.b.a and feeling a bit tipsy, a local ushered me to Cafe Negril. Although I'm no longer big on cheese, I needed something safe to soak up my vodka. Their chicken quesadilla to the rescue. The guacamole was tasty too, although it didn't hold up for my midnight snack the following evening. I sat and ate half of my dilla, listened to some tunes, and watched some girls play with hoola hoops like they owned them. Not bad.We stopped in here while waiting for another venue and enjoyed the stop. It feels more like a dive bar than some other venues on Frenchmen Street (which I say with love). It's a pretty intimate setting; there didn't seem to be a whole lot of seating, so if there's a band you really want to see, show up early.
Drinks were well priced and were reasonable pours.Cafe Negril could be my favorite spot on Frenchmen. Friday night never disappoints with live reggae. Drinks are decent, the place can get incredibly packed and there's usually no cover charge. Somehow, time slips away when at Cafe Negril!Didn't eat here but the drinks were cheap and the ambiance was more than amazing. Open mic night was AMAZING! Such great talent and was the best way to end my trip to New Orleans glad I ran into this placeThe best burrito I have ever tasted. And live reggae and no nonsense bartenders. What more could you ask?Great reggae music and jams that sound like riffs of the Cosby Show theme song. How can you go wrong?This is a lively place to catch some music on Frenchmen Street that had enough of a croud that you could dance without feeling like people are staring at you, but not so packed that you were itching to get out. Course it's a Thursday night, and I imagine on the weekend this place gets even more likely.Excellent spot to see one of the many talented bands that come out and play on Frenchman Street. Didn't have any snacks... the rating is for venue sound (great), crowd, service and the band I saw.No cover, great live music, and you have pricey, but at least available drunken tacos to order? Why do these types of places not exist everywhere??
It is places like this, with their dark interior and stage to feature different New Orleans style live music that make New Orleans what it is. A no frills spot to bring people together, to dance and drink the night away, and if you need that extra taco to keep you going, yup, this place will take care of that too. We had a blast here listening to music and hanging out with our friends, and it definitely gets packed. But with no cover, you can go and come back as you please across the night, which I find just simply divine :-) 
The bar tenders are often swamped here, but they make drinks really strong, so at least even if you have to wait, you know you will get a nice, strong drink in the end. Did we get a taco? Nope, we were actually full. But they actually looked okay for it being a really kind of weird looking taco shop in the back of this venue, but hey it works!Great late night entertainment and late night tacos! It was packed but If you make your way to the back you will be surprised by some pretty awesome late night food.The music is always solid though It tends to be more on the jam-band side. The drinks are reasonably priced and the "food truck" is not so much a food truck as it is a kitchen in the back. The food is SO dope. Tacos, Gorditas, and Burritos are what they serve back there and everything is delicious! That food will really save your butt if you're going out hard on frenchmen!Opened by the same owner of Spotted Cat. This place was a bit more crowded and rowdy, but the music was still excellent. The bar has a bigger drink selection, and there is a small cafe in the back for food. I had the pork pineapple tacos which were delicious and tasty to go along with my beer and live music.Your New Orleans experience is not complete without some fine reggae stylings and local jazz, easily found at Cafe Negril. This music club has no cover, is spacious, serves solid drinks AND houses a most convenient and delicious taco establishment in the rear. Why would you ever need anything else...Here tonight  8/27 fri/sat night. Visiting from Seattle. .the band is the bomb the long hair bar tender is a real@#! $*.she's is in the wrong job. She can ruin a person's good time out.  Dump her! !!!We stopped in here to grab a bite before a parade. We weren't expecting much because this has a very dive-y feel, and I've found tacos outside of California leave much to be desired...but I was pleasantly surprised. I'm still dreaming of those catfish tacos. The drinks are heavily poured, and they had live music, but we didn't stay for it. Next time I'm in town, I'll definitely be back!Great music, the band played more retro songs. They have a pretty good food section, mainly tacos and sandwiches. Had the catfish tacos; they were pretty good cool place. Not very busy on a Wednesday.The drinks here were strong, but still fairly priced.  The crowd is mixed because some are dressed casually or dressy casual, so take your pick and you'll fit right in either way.  
 I love how this place has a TV so you can watch the band of the evening.  Something not all bars have.Frenchman Street clubs are cool. This one is a fun place to stop in, We saw several good bands here, that played some good, danceable music. There was no cover and we had a nice time.I headed to Cafe Negril on a Sunday night while visiting Nola on a  friend's bachelor  party trip weekend.  It was the highlight of our weekend!  The happening atmosphere and live music, were off the charts with energy!  Only to top that, was the Sosebee brothers bar tending!  High energy, good jokes, and stiff drinks, all night long!  I don't come to Nola much, but I'll definitely be returning here on a Sunday night when in town next time!!!!I recently came here on a girls trip to New Orleans, it was our last night and wanted to take a trip down Frenchman Street after our hotel bartender advised us this is the place where the locals hang out. Wow it was a bit different, lots of different crowds from hipsters to older people who likes to hear jazz, soul, and blues. We decided to give this place a try. For the size this place is why is there not enough tables and chairs for guests to sit at? For that reason is why I'm giving it four stars. Band was great they will take your requests if you tip them. Drinks are cheap and small. Wells are $4. There was only one bartender how is that possible especially if you have visitors from all over? I just found that weird, you definitely have to raise your hand and track her down. I did enjoy it overall, it's very different in a good way. Friendly atmosphere also!This place is awesome! My family and I were in New Orleans celebrating 2 birthdays. We stumbled upon this gem late one night. The music was great and the food was delicious! Definitely worth a visit!!I only stop in here on occasion, because my fella knows the people who work here. The staff is all cool. The vibe is just weird. It's like whoever started the place was trying too hard to make it a rasta's dream hang out. It's just cheesy. I like good reggae, & may I emphasize GOOD. Last band playing was OK, not great.I can not believe the audacity of this bar. I live in this City and come to Frenchmen every weekend. I went in, purchased food, and was denied water. The pregnant girl behind the bar literally denied me water. Not only denied me but proceeded to tell me there was a sign on the door that said "one drink minimum"... I guess for water? So I asked ok, if I buy a beer, can I get FREE water? She told me NO. By the way, there's no sign on the door. Meanwhile, Bamboulas gave me 6 glasses of free water. Pretty sure it is illegal to deny a human water. This is absurd. She proceeded to call me a cheap bitch when I said I don't want a $3 water. Please avoid this place at all costs. I will be reporting cafe negril and the lovely pregnant lady behind the bar first thing tomorrow morning. Love me Ms. Wanda though!My wife and I ordered pizza here last Saturday and got severe food poisoning. Avoid it like the plague!!!!!Funky little spot where I went to hear my dads band play! Didn't realize they had food but was really happy that I decided to order. SO GOOD!! Island/Hispanic/Nola style food that's so good and cooked when it's ordered. They also have pizza! Has nice relaxed vibe and is pretty spacious :) I definitely recommend coming here for good and music if you find yourself on Frenchman Street :)Awesome!!! I saw the danaabbott band playing here on a Saturday night, and to get the best out of this place I imagine that's the one to go. Her band put on a killer show, no cover to get in and the foooooodd!!!! Go to the back and order yourself a quesarita!!! The place itself is not huge and spacious but there is usually extra space in the back and front, crowd was friendly as well.A local recommended this place to us. What a gem! Shrimp tacos were AMAZING. Cool atmosphere and great music. Would definitely go back. Some of the best food we had in NOLA.Stopped in Cafe Negril as we made an evening tour of Frenchmen Street.
Dance floor, great live band & was pretty easy to find a seat.
The crowd wasn't as rowdy as some of the other bars, but it was definitely a great environment to sit back and take in some local tunes.They had a great band playing. And after a little while we had tacos and pizza at the same place. Good place if you need to refuel with a small bite.Jamey St Pierre & the Honeycreepers. This band was amazing!!!! If they're playing, it's worth the stay.Best tacos ever! Stumbled in to Café Negril late night after a concert. All I wanted was tacos. We got three crawfish tacos, and a sampler plate of pork, chicken and shrimp. I will be dreaming about those tacos! 
The band was amazing and I wiggled my buns off all night. This place is a must seeGreat late night stop for music, some lite-bites & a lil sippy sippy on the bubbly.  
I had the pleasure of most recently stopping in for a spell after a music concert.  The live band that was on stage was quite lively & apparently the crowd was feeling the music or maybe the booze because there was a whole lot of dancing going on.  
The food counter is just beyond the bar & appropriately so.  
I like the high bars & the other table & chair set up; it provides for a more concert like setting.  Grab a bite & take a load off.  It's truly hard to balance a drink & eat food all while liquored up.  
No cover, which is always a plus & definitely a draw.  
Unfortunately, I can't comment on the food as I only had drinks on this visit, but I plan to go back, maybe a different band, more dancing & food to boot.If you wanna get a taste of authentic New Orleans grab a drink at Cafe Negril. They have it all! Cafe Negril has a wide selection of alcoholic beverages and great selections of munchies!  To top it all, the live music kept  the jolly party vibe on and on until sunrise. Will definitely visit again when I'm in town.Don't know anything about the food but the bar is awesome. Great bands and no cover. Great local beers.  Try the NOLA Blonde Ale. Bartenders are great and tend to everyone. Don't like the hipster lames at the Spotted Cat, come party with some REAL peeps!