I really love the Ethiopian food here.  Ordered a lamb dish (forget the name) but it was the second one on the menu under 'Lamb'.  IT WAS DELICIOUS!  The flavor was all there, the peppers and onions mixed in and the injera is awesome.  It was sour, spongy (which is natural), and...kept on coming.  About $12.99 per dish for dinner.  
I would have liked to try the tea or coffee too.
The location is kind of difficult to find.  It's right next to a tire shop and I nearly missed it when driving by.  
My friends and I were having a great time.  We had thought we had everything paid for with appropriate tip, etc., but then the waitress came back and very rudely asked why we only gave her x amount of tip.  Had she came back and handled it in a different way, perhaps in a more concerned tone instead of one that felt like she was attacking us, then the experience would have been 10 times better.  
Other than that confusion, the food was amazing and the service (up until that point) was also great.  Would definitely come back.First time eating Ethiopian food, I didn't know exactly what me and my friends should get so the waiter curated a meal for us that consisted of: Doro Wot, Doro with Spinach, Lamb Alicha, and the Veggie Combo.  It was absolutely divine! We ate every single last piece of it!Amazing Ethiopian cuisine. This place is amazing! From service to food to atmosphere it was just perfect. I went on a Thursday didn't need a reservation, but felt like a fancy place. we ordered the lamb tibs which was delicious. The owner(Ermias) is on site and very interactive so the place is filled with positive energy. We had some ethiopian coffe after our meal which hit the spot. Over all best Ethiopian cuisine in LA!The aroma of delicious Ethiopian food and the vibrant flag draws you in from Magazine Street and you'll be glad for this break from traditional Cajun and creole cuisine. By the way, as of the date of this review the restaurant has only been open one week! Kudos!
I started with the pot of Ethiopian tea and Yesiga Sambussa (ground beef, onion & spices). The tea was delightful and was a nice complement to the appetizer. My main course was the Yebeg Alicha, bone-in lamb meat cooked to tenderness in a mild curry, garlic and Ginger sauce.
Fabulous food and tea and excellent service! I'll be back soon!! Shalom!I love Ethiopian food, and we lost our only purveyor of injera borne yummies after Katrina, until this slightly hidden spot appeared late last year. The space is, to be kind, charmless-housed in what might once have been a laundry room for an apartment complex, there are scant few amenities, but most fans of Ethiopian food are used to "lo-fi" surroundings; what we care about is the food, and the food is very good here.
    This cuisine is one of the most vegetarian friendly around, and not just because of the variety offered, but because the presence of so many legumes offers actual protein without tofu or nuts-delicious and nutritious!
    The sambusa appetizers are tasty, but the size of the entrees precludes needing a starter unless you have a mob with you (which is the best way to eat this most "family style" of foods). All of the veggie selections are great, so just go all in and get the combo, with extra injera bread and stroll next door to Garden District Shoe Repair to get an extra hole punched in your belt afterwards.
    My one gripe, that keeps this from four-stardom is there is no lunch menu with lower prices/smaller portions; that makes it prohibative for me and my movie folk ilk. Maybe after a few more visits, I'll embrace profligacy mors than I already do and big up this little (unpolished) gem.Excellent food, best Ethiopian I've ever had. Well flavored and fresh. Portions are substantial. We accidentally ordered two "veggie combo" and it were unable to finish it, despite having quite an appetite. Waiter was cheerful, quick and attentive but service felt a bit disorganized - caught between very casual and slightly formal. Still, I will definitely patronize this joint again. 
The atmosphere and ordering protocol need some work. Get rid of the television, improve the seating arrangement, make the atmosphere more intimate and simplify the menu design. Also, where's the drinks menu?Very good food. The injera is delicious, the doro wot (chicken dish) was excellent, and the staff was very friendly. I would highly recommend going here if you like Ethiopian food, or if you've never had it and want to try a new kind of cuisine.Wonderful little restraunt. 
Eat inside or out. Inside tables have table clothes and low lighting. Still friendly and family oriented. Very eclectic friendly group of clientele. Outside is picnic style. Bring you own alcohol to have with food.
Now, the service and food is amazing. Service is friendly and always remember you when you go back and your food interest.
The food is an amazing in flavors that warm your heart and soul. There are so many items to try and very hard to pick your favorites. I've tried many but what sticks out for me is the Doro Wot and Vegetarian combo. Some vegetables I will not eat anywhere but here.
A must try restraunt that will keep you coming back.
Don't forget the coffee and baklava if you have room.Deelish! As a vegetarian, I am very pleased to have this place as a regular option. Following the advice of a couple of other yelpers, my husband and I split 1 vegetarian combo ($16 for yellow lentils, red lentils, greens, cabbage & carrots, potatoes & carrots) and we still couldn't finish it -- but almost. So there was plenty of food. Our bellies were so full and so happy! And it was all very good. None of it was spicy, so if you're concerned about heat, no worries here. But if you need heat to be happy, the red lentils here won't bring it for you.Delicious. I had the spinach sambusa and the lamb. Luckily I split it with my friend because they give you a ton of super deliciousness. Bring friends be happyThe first time I tried this place I went solo and that just doesn't work with the huge portion of the flat bread serving "tray" they put all your food on.  If you've never had Ethiopian food it reminds me a bit of Indian but has some unique flavors.  They don't give you any silverware and you are expected to eat with your hands and use more rolled up flat bread pieces to pick up your food.  I always cheat and get the tea so I can use the spoon they give you to scoop stuff up onto my bread.  Very very filling so you probably want at least 4 people just to take care of the bread serving tray.  This isn't food I would (or even could) eat all the time as it fills you up so much but it certainly is nice for a change of pace.This is my all time hands down favorite restaurant to go with friends. The more people you bring the more diverse the family style eating is. Everything is amazing and I always have to be the last to order because I have 5 things I will gladly order! 
We always get the Sambusa. It comes in three kinds. We love the spinach. They also have beef and lentil. All are amazing. Only problem is they come out so hit, you have to wait a minute to eat them. (If you consider that a real problem.)
Today I ordered the Kitfo (rare beef with spices, also available medium.) I always get my rare. It seems to hold the flavor more personally. 
Husband got the Dora Wot. (Chicken in spices.) This was his first time getting the Dora, but we almost always have the lamb or beef wot on our shared plate. He loved it! 
We decided to meet for a mid day date on Sunday because of our busy schedules, and this is the perfect place. 
Senai was super awesome during our visit. He brought us a spice sauce once we mentioned we liked spice. He also showed us how to use the brown spice in the salt shaker on the table. (A little goes a long way, but it's amazing!) He was super friendly, prompt, and wore a hilarious shirt asking "got injera?" 
Perfect date spot, or good for a group. Just don't all order the same thing. Everything is served on a large family style platter, and you eat with your hands. So it allows everyone to taste a little bit of everything!If you have had the best of ethiopian food in DC or NY this isn't quite it but it is very close. I'm a huge fan of ethiopian and had to visit this place right after it opened. My friend and I were so desparate for African food that we waited for over half an hour food a table without complaint. Service was slow on our first visit, but we have been back many times and it has improved since then although its still not the best. This is a true mom and pop restaurant and if you go in expacting that you won't be disappointed. Fortunately, it was exactly what I was hoping for. The food was spicy and delicious. The vegetarian options are great as are all of the beef dishes I've tried. I've tried two lamb dishes, Yebeg Wat and Yebeg Alisha (?), and both were disappointing with small portions of lamb. Now I stick to the beef and veggie options with sambusas as appetizers. I reguarly crave this place if I don't go back for a while.This was my first time trying Ethiopian Food so I'm certainly not able to comment on how this restaurant compares to other Ethiopian Restaurants. I will say that I did very much enjoy the food. This restaurant is BYOB so it's really nice to be able to bring my own inexpensive bottle of wine. My waiter was extremely nice and very kind in walking me through different options. I sat outside, the restaurant seemed very clean however I will say that the table that I sat at had not been cleaned properly after the previous guest had sat there. At the recommendation of the waiter I ordered the Lamb Wot. The dish was very good, it was served with a side of greens which were also good. The bread is unlike any that I've ever had before it wasn't necessarily my thing, I believe this to be more personal preference rather than it not being prepared correctly. All in all I was very happy with my first Ethiopian Food experience and I would return.By far my favorite Ethiopian restaurant of all time.  The food here is beyond good, it's awesome.  It's a classic "mom & pop" business and the owner is on site all the time and I think that's why the quality and service is always at its best.  The pricing is also not that bad and it's open pretty late, 11pm seven days a week.  I encourage everyone to check it out.  I don't think you'll be disappointed.Cafe Abyssinia has a warm welcoming vibe and as the person walks towards the venue tou get this feeling of intimacy and anticipation that sets the tone for the entire visit.  There's inside and outside seating. The outside seating is uniformly covered, which is useful in case it starts to rain and the customers still get to enjoy eating outside without moving.  The inside has ample space and tables are divided with perfect space. As a vegan, I truly enjoyed this place. I ate the veggie combo for lunch and it was truly satisfying. Bursting with flavors, I was brought to so many places as I took a bite of each one of the veggie specialty on the plates. The bread was perfect for scooping up each bite that brought me to the connections of cultures in the Eastern hemisphere.  When you dig into each one of the veggie components, each offers unique flavors that all compliment each other when eaten together. The crunchies of the cabbage and collards go great with the earthyness of the legumes. I found myself trying different combinations of each component and each time it was like dancing to a new song. The veggies/legumes themselves were nice and light, but nutritiously fulfilling. The flavors were rich and had depth, like so many of the foods in grew up eating in the Caribbean. Next time I visit New Orleans I want to try their desserts. All in all, I loved this place, its vibe and the energy of its food. Simply amazing!My partner and I have been here a couple times. The food is alright, the service is off and on. Like someone asking in passing how your meal is doing after bringing you the completely wrong appetizer. This past thursday, we were one of two tables in the restaurant. And they got our order wrong, brought the wrong appetizer but we were so hungry by that point it didn't matter. And! This is an important and. Cockroachs. Not the first time seeing them there but we live in louisiana and thought...it happens. But the first time it was a big palmetto roach meandering across the floor. (Probably because the kitchen staff spends most of their time smoking on the patio than cooking decent food, thus leaving the front door open). This time, an inch long, aggressive little roach looking for food. And if you have the smaller roaches, you have an infestation. We will not be back and advise anyone looking to try Cafe Cockroaches not to. 
Also, they charged a 5 dollar "corking fee" for a bottle of wine we bought elsewhere and opened ourselves. I suggest Monas on frenchmen if you want some spice. This place is dirty and not delivering.This was my first time eating Ethopian food. We were a group of 6 and actually none of us had had it before so we decided to be adventurous. It being a typical hungover-NOLA-Sunday, we wanted mimomas and bloody mary's. Sadly no alcohol here but they did let us make a trip to get our own and bring it in.
We had the Sambusas as an appetizer and they are SPICY!! Everyone in our group was a Louisiana native and we were all fanning our mouths and drinking water. They were good though...we even ordered a 2nd round. 
The bread (injera) didn't really have a taste. It had a spongy texture and was kind of like eating air.
For our meal we shared a lamb, chicken, and veggie plate that everyone at the table picked off of using the bread. I had to cave and asked for a fork but by the end of the meal the rest of our group was eyeing that fork. The lamb and a potato dish were my two favorite things off of our plate.
I don't think I would return here but I don't think I will return to any other Ethopian restaurants, either. I'm glad I tried the cuisine but it's just not for me. My husband agreed with me, however the other 4 in our group really enjoyed it and said they would go back.One of my favoritos places to eat on Magazine. The food is so goood especially if you want to try something different! Come with a group because the dishes are good for sharing. Also options for vegetarians and pescatariansI got the vegetable combo plate, which included a sample of all their vegetarian dishes. All the items had the same note and were under-seasoned. The injera was too sour for my taste. And the carrot and cabbage dish was also sour tasting. The spinach sambusa appetizer was clearly not made in house: the flavor profile was quite different (actually well-seasoned and spicy), and the breading was soaked with oil.Absolutely amazing. We enjoyed the injera, gored gored, and doro wat. Read this, eat here.My goodness, this is some of the best Ethiopian I've had and the gentlemen who served us was incredibly kind. We had Lamb Tibs and Gomen, as well as extra Injera - it was heavenly and served on a beautiful communal plate. The coffee was perfect on a somewhat chilly day. Will make this a regular place!
Also, love the cat - Mit-Mite.You're not going here for the decor, which is that of someone a day away from moving out, but with a lot of dining tables left over. Nor are you here for the music, Muzak set to what must be Ethiopian Restaurant played through Logitech computer speakers on a counter. And finally, you're not here to be seen, the restaurant hidden from the street like an unwanted stepchild.
The food. That crazy mess served on a giant plate with the delicious rubbery-yet-soft spongebread and you eat it with your hands and you just know that Doro Wot (Doro Whuuuuuuuuuut?) is leaving a stain on your new shirt.
Why would you wear a new shirt? You are eating with your hands, silly.
Seriously, though, it's refreshing in the wave of turbo-hip restaurants with fresh coats of paint and built-in Smug, there is this little cave, unassuming, humble-as-sh*t, serving damn good Ethernopian food that you will always walk away from groaning, groaning in sweet overstuffed agony. 
And maybe you wonder.
Do they eat that well in Ethiopia?
THEM DETAILS: Patio, no booze (no BYOB fee), quiet ninja-like server, window unit AC set to Arctic Chill, very daring price structure, that sweet muzak, a pastry case that is always empty, get anything with Wot sauce, Alichi (?) Sauce kinda bland.I walked in here at 11am, feeling like taking an early morning risk with my bowels. The restaurant itself is pretty basic, with some special traditional seating that looks like a children's table at first glance. Very cool! 
The food was amazing. We got beef Derek and a chickpea Shiro. This was my first experience with Ethiopian food, and it hit the spot so hard that tears came to my eyes. We ordered the same thing for takeout the next day.
Fun fact: the Ethiopian crepe that is used to eat the food is generally gluten free.I did take out for my first experience here and it was ready in just 10 minutes!   The food was delicious and there was plenty left for dinner the next night.  Will absolutely be back there.Awesome food! Verrrry friendly service! A little slow if there's alot of people but the awesome food makes up for it!! Decent prices as wellThis is some of the best ethiopian food I've had, and is stellar over all. My friends had never tried ethiopian, and were very happy to have stopped in.
Food:
Two friends and I got a pot of tea to start, and three main dishes; chicken(doro tibs), lamb, and beef(awaze tibs). The tea was really great, definitely a must have. All three dishes were wonderful, although the awaze tibs was a little spicy for my friends. The portions of each main are great, but be warned, you also get lentils and cabbage, as well as some other curry, so three dishes was way too much for three people. Two dishes would have been plenty for the three of us, and we all have large appetites. The injera was perfect, exactly the right consistency and flavor. I asked before eating that they use only teff flour for the injera, I have celiac disease and can't have gluten, and I didn't have a reaction. I can't speak for everyone, but if you're not super sensitive, the injera here is Gluten-free!
Note: If you've never had ethiopian before, you might want to avoid wearing really nice stuff, because you eat the food by scooping it up with injera, similar to how authentic indian food is eaten as well.
Ambiance/Experience:
Some people have pegged this as negative, but just be prepared to relax and enjoy your meal time and it won't be a problem. This is New Orleans, not New York... We were there for lunch on a Sunday, and service was pretty slow but attentive, and seemed like it would always be that way. The place made me feel really great, option for traditional or western style seating was nice, my friends were kinda wishing we had sat at a traditional style table. It really brought me back to all the amazing food experiences I've had off the beaten path in my world travels. They really had it all, eclectic wall paintings, tv showing sports for no reason, and the window ac unit stuck in the wall. It's really hard to put into words the great feelings I got from this place, back in off the street, it seemed dead, but as soon as we opened the door it was bustling and lively inside. A real classic hole-in-the-wall ethnic restaurant.Nice Ethiopian feeling ambiance, great service by Ermias. The Enjera is wasnt authentic for me as a native Ethiopian but the food is really good. Traditional Jebena coffee is really good too. Better than the other Ethiopian restaurant here.I'm glad this place opened up, since there aren't any other Ethiopian restaurants in the city that I'm aware of. I lived in the DC area a while back, which has a bunch of Ethiopian restaurants, and I didn't think the food here was quite as delectable. But it was pretty good. My wife thought the vegetables were very good but the meat wasn't especially high quality, and I think she has a point.
The service was laughably bad. We were there on a Friday night in a group of four, and it took a long time every step of the way, including easy stuff like getting us menus after we were seated and giving us water. Appetizers and food came at the same time, and they never brought us tea, even though we ordered it twice.I don't mind paying more for good food, but Abyssinia was overpriced, service wasn't bad but slow and food was not up to my standards.  I've had better Ethiopian food.First time eating Ethiopian food and it was wonderful!  Had the vegetarian sample platter.  Loved the greens and the potatoes and carrots stew!  Service was excellent.  They made my husband and I feel welcome and helped us pick some tasty options from the menu. Oh yes the bread was nice too- a new experience!  Must try at least once!  I will definitely go back!Okay so this place has good food but they cheat you by giving you half of the regular portion. I think they are under new ownership or something since they were closed for a while. Seriously, I ordered lamb tibs and got beef. On top of that it was about 10 tibs on my plate....10!!! If you order veggie, they give you one table spoon of everything. This happened to me twice. Until they get this portion stuff together and stop ripping ppl off by being greedy I won't be going back. 
Fun fact...manager is never around.This Ethiopian restaurant is better than no Ethiopian restaurant, though I really wish a second one would open in this city. 
The service is indeed very, very slow. The waitress did ok, not great (even by NOLA standards) but the kitchen took forever. 
We started with a beet salad, which personally I found mediocre (though the lady liked it) and curiously light on beets. 
For dinner we ordered Lamb Tibs and Kitfo. Compared to other Ethiopian restaurants I've been to, both were bland and somewhat dry. The portions were small by the crazy standard set by other Ethiopian restaurants, but two main dishes is just enough food to fill two people, so would not say I was disappointed.  I was disappointed, however, by only the two vegie sides that came with the meat (I would expect four). 
We got out of there for $25/person (no alcohol), about double what I pay for an equivalent, delicious meal in Seattle. I would have considered it a three star meal if the dishes were a little more flavorful and the veggies a little more varied. I will probably go here again, but only when flying to another city isn't an option.They need to take a knife to their prices and cut them in half.
When we were there, there wasn't any air conditioning.
Odd decor. Slow little waitress who was more interested in chatting with some guy than in serving. And like someone else said, you can hear the kitchen staff...and they have potty mouths. I heard the N-word about 5 times in the half hour we were there. Girly was not amused.  
This review is  6 months in coming. It was why I posted on chat about the bread. I loved the bread but HATED the experience of this place.
SO like I said in the Bennichen review...I'm Still waiting for a good African restaurant.Delicious finger-food, comfy setting, and excellent hospitality! Pro-tip: Order the sambusas!This was my first ever Ethiopian food experience and I am so glad it happened at Cafe Abyssinia! What an incredible meal. One of my friends and I ordered the vegetarian combo and my other friend ordered the chicken platter and it all came out together on a huge plate (on top of injera of course). The food was so amazing and flavorful that we couldn't bare to leave anything on the plate despite how full we were. Go here for incredible comfort food and friendly service!!OK there are two kinds of great ethnic food restaurants.  There's the flashy fusion high end kind.  And then there's the "authentic" kind which does pretty much what they would do if they were in their home country.  Both kinds of restaurants are good.  But you're getting a different product.  I just had to rant about this for a second because I've read a bunch of reviews here that complain about slow service and no decor.  
Cafe Abyssinia serves very good Ethiopian food for a very reasonable price.  (About $30 for two).  The veggie combo is awesome, and their lamb dishes are amazing. The Injera bread is perfect.  Two people will have plenty to eat with two entrees.
There's no flashy chef or fancy decor.  And service - yes it might be slow.  They always only have one waiter, whether its a busy night or not.  It's not ideal, but it reminds me of every good restaurant I've ever eaten at in the developing world.  Relax.  It's not fast food.  Bring your own wine and spend some time with your sweetie instead of fussing over inconsequential details.Cafe Abyssinia delivers delicious Ethiopian cuisine in a way that is inviting to all.
Short:
Atmosphere - 7/10
Service - 10/10
Food - 10/10
Price - 10/10
Overall: 9.25
Long:
Tucked away in a little alley off Magazine street is Cafe Abyssinia. The restaurant, which offers both indoor and outdoor seating, feels cozy and welcoming the moment you walk in. 
After being seated almost instantly, the server gave my date and I what felt like special attention to help select our entrees. This attention, however, was no anomaly​, as I observed our server treat each guest with the same care. ​
Our server was passionate about the food and culture that he was participating in, and with good reason. ​My date and I shared two entrees, the Doro Wot and Fish Dulet. Both dishes were fantastic in their own respects, but the Doro Wot blew me away. Everything on the table was seasoned beautifully.
The best part of the meal for me, however, was the way in which you eat the food. A basket of Injera, a traditional Ethiopian bread, accompanies each dish. Using the bread in place of other utensils, guests pick the food up from a family-style​ platter. 
If I had to have any qualms with the restaurant, it would be the atmosphere. A television positioned in the back detracted from the experience a bit and the restaurants poor lighting did not mesh well with the lively, and engaging experience demonstrated through food and service.
This entire experience has the bonus​ of a remarkably reasonable price point, with the average entree's price being around $14. 
Loved this place and couldn't recommend it more.gentrified nonsense, a bunch of....you know .... people feeling all hipster because they're eating "international" food. the injera is even sweet... wtf?
where can i get real east african food in this city? not food gentrified for....... let's just say basic ass palates?I saw the reviews on yelp, and thought to try this place. I'm not from NOLA, and wanted to try the Ethiopian food here. As an Ethiopian myself, I want to let all know this is not good Ethiopian food. The injera, the wot, nor the veggie dishes are good. If you're looking for good Ethiopian food, thus place ain't itNew to the area and wanted to try something that was different from the usual New Orleans dishes we had been been trying.  I must admit that I have never had Ethiopian food before, the flavor was good although not as spicy as I had hoped.  We knew what we wanted immediately from reading reviews and the menu on here so we ordered as soon as we sat down and also asked for water.  It took 15 minutes to get our water.  My girlfriend and I ordered the Awaze Tibs to split.  It took 45 minutes for our food to come out. When it finally arrived it was ice cold, all of it, the meat, the Ethiopian wrap, they weren't even lukewarm.  My girlfriend and I used the wrap and took our first bites, her eyes widened with horror. The meat was as tough as nails! Little rocks of hard chewy beef that was cold. She had one more bite and couldn't eat anymore.  I'll pretty much eat anything so I finished the meal for us the whole while hoping I'd find one piece of warm and tender beef but I did not find either.  Flavor wise I think that I like Ethiopian food and their use of spices. I also enjoyed the eating with your hands aspect so I will try Ethiopian food again but I will not be going to this restaurant again, I will try a different place.The word of the say is "Sambusa!"
============================================
There is an (Ethiopian) poem by Mengistu Lemma that states,
First my mouth blessed that tulla beer of Gojjam,
then a bowl arrived, and my empty stomach began to fill
as I licked the linseed oil of Gondar from my fingers;
next, chicken stew rich with curds. Contented,
I yawned. Sleep overcame me as I lay down
on fine cotton and was covered with wool....
============================================
My date loves Ethiopian food.  I am honestly not sure if my palate is best suited for it, but I am also up for a new experience.  Abyssinia is about two blocks past magazine and ninth, past an ice cream/snow coin business, and up the drive way.  They have indoor and outdoor seating available.  The tables were all clean and set and the t.v. inside was at a low enough volume so as to not disturb patrons conversations.  However given that is was a prime hour, 6 pm, there was only one other couple.  The waiting staff was very kind, engaging, and helpful with menu choices.  
I had hoped for wine, but I did not know it was byob.  Even though I did not go, they immediately told me of the wine cellar across the street...and the $5 corking fee.  ;)  They have soda and juices on site.
My date ordered the veggie combo and I ordered the beef and onion Sambusa.  ( my new word for the day.  The veggie plate was good and contained four parts: potatoes, greens, and two lentil types. The accompanying Injera was also well aligned.  Her food was good, not exceeding expectations--but good.  
My Sambusa was flavored well.  The bread, beef, onion trio was tasty.  It was however extremely over oiled.  Take the praise and info for your use.  I will try again in about a month or so and then update my review.Tl:dr Mediocre food with lacking service. Second worst restaurant I've been to in New Orleans.
We went here on Sunday as a group of six, first time ordering Ethiopian food. They were severely understaffed. I ordered the veggie combo, it was an okay dish, nothing special. They forgot my friends order so by the time we were half way done our meal he had to cancel his. They did give him a complimentary tea though.
We asked to split our checks after waiting for the bill. Server left and came back 30 mins later giving us one bill and saying he could separate it at the register. (What did we wait for 30mins for?)
Paying was a pain because he had to then ask what each person ordered. Plus as the only employee he had to keep answering the phone and running and getting things. Took another 10 minutes to pay our bills.
Honestly the food was mediocre, service was abysmal. We were the first group that came in before it got busier and everything took forever. Another table had to approach the waiter for a refill. Just plain bad service or management, not sure which.We loved this place, had the vegetarian platter. The service was friendly and excellent, the food was delicious - comparable to Ethiopian we've eaten in D.C. and other large metro areas. Very reasonably priced especially for the large portions. Get some!Loyal customers burnt for the LAST time!
Ok, we've brought this place business because they are local, new, and a start up.  Support the little guy right?  Well tonight was unacceptable.  We showed up and the host told us to wait outside.  No prob, we sat and waited... Until another party cane and got a seat instantly! WTF right? Well, we're OK with that, and we continue to wait but remind them that we just got table skipped!  20 min later we go back in (no one came out) only to find out that they're "really sorry we got skipped, and oh yea, there is no more bread... Did I mention this is Ethiopian food!  
ROFLMAOUnfortunately not as flavorful as other Ethiopian food I've had. No prob with service or wait. I like the idea of Byob. The hot tea was excellent.Love this place! Be prepared to eat with your fingers though. Loved the lentils and anything with tig in the name! If you are looking for a food adventure this is the place!The food here is great.  Sat outside on the porch, very relaxing, feels like you're at someone's house.  No corkage fee for a bottle of wine.  Veggie combo and lamb tibs were delicious.  The real stand out was the gored gored, a raw beef dish with ethiopian butter.This is a very cute place little off the street but easy to find. Food and service great.I'm a big fan of Ethiopian food, but this was just ok.  We had the veggie combo plus doro tibs.  The doro tibs was phenomenal, but everything else was mediocre - not bad, but I've had much better elsewhere.  The main dining area is pretty consistent with most Ethiopian restaurants I've been to around the country, kind of hole-in-the-wall, but they have a bunch of mesobs with stools, which is nice.  However, as another reviewer mentioned, their bathroom is truly gross: smelly, dirty, and filled with bugs.  You really want to wash your hands before an Ethiopian meal, but I didn't feel too clean after being in there!  I don't regret my meal here, but I won't make any special effort to come back.A very cozy welcoming restaurant with awesome food. The plates have a lot of food so come hungry!Had an awesome dinner! The food was authentic, and really well seasoned. I had the lamb wot and it was really good! I like to checkout Ethiopian restaurants wherever I go so I was happy to have found this place while I was in town.Great food and service. Good value for the money. Liked the casual outdoor seating. Try the tilapia.Great service and food! We had a vegetarian amongst us, and our server managed to put together a large sharing platter that had plenty for everyone. Amazing variety of textures and tastes. Every dish was incredible, and I think the collards won the day. Definitely open and worth a visit!i was finally able to check this place out.  yay for new orleans' first ethiopian restaurant!  it's a quaint little establishment on magazine near louisiana, and you'd miss it if you weren't looking for it (or had a rad gps like i do!)  it appears it is in an old converted house and feels a lot like the common room of one of those crazy zealot churches (where's my kool aid?) or a less cozy and warm country grandma's digs (due to the fluorescent lights - which i *hate* - and large screen tv.)  so, the four stars is solely for the dining atmosphere and not the food.
and the food - it was terrific!  if you've read any of my yelp reviews, i'm the resident gluten-intolerant reviewer and have had varying experiences while dining out.  i told the (overworked but uber sweet) waitress that i was gluten-free, and she recommended dishes and was SUPER accommodating.  (i didn't get any of the usual stink eye.)  she said that the injera was probably not safe; many ethiopian restaurants only use teff, which is entirely gluten-free, but some will add a bit of wheat flour for texture.  this place may do just that...who knows.  but i wasn't disappointed at all because my meal was filling and delicious sans injera.  
i had a chicken and spinach dish which was comprised of lean chunks of chicken breast, fresh (or frozen) cooked spinach, and an onion sauce which had a ton of flavor.  the entrees come with a vegetable side so the waitress recommended cooked potatoes and carrots.  this side was a little sweet but not overwhelmingly so and complemented the chicken.  i also had the ethiopian hot tea which was very similar to masala chai.  it came in a small cup and was a nice start to the meal.  total cost was around 16 usd (13 usd for the entree and about 3 for the tea).  
vegetarian dishes are available for those who abstain from meat.  chicken, beef, and lamb entrees too.  no liquor license, but it's byob.  street parking.
nota bene: GO EARLY. this place - i'm sure because of it's newness and deliciousness - gets PACKED.  i don't know if they take reservations, but i did hear the waitress tell a small group that she'd take their number and call when a table became available.  talk about going out of your way to provide good service!This was our first try at Ethiopian cuisine and it was a hit.  We had a spinach appetizer which was reminiscent of a won ton and we shared the vegetarian sampler.  We scooped up the various dishes with a spongy, moist, crepe-like rolled bread that we tore pieces from and had a really good time eating in a new way. Bring your own wine or beer and come into the cafe expecting interesting food, bread that no American can truly create a visual image for her readers, and, unfortunately, a bit of a disappointing environment.  I hope they will redecorate as the success they are sure to continue having affords them the cash flow to do so.Fair disclaimer: I am a HUGE fan of Ethiopian food and it was the only major element of cuisine missing from this wonderful foodie city when I moved here almost 2 years ago.    When they opened I was deliriously happy.
Food quality:  Pretty good.  A bit different from the Ethiopian I am used to in Vancouver BC and San Francisco.  Not as flavorful or spicy.  Still totally addictive and a regular craving.
Price: More expensive than other Ethiopian places I'm used to, but again, don't care.  Would climb over own grandma for this food, so paying an extra $5 is fine.
Service: Slooooooooow.  Pleasant, nice and polite, but I have never got in and out of there in under an hour, usually more like 1.5 hours which is too much.
Solution: I call in an order to pick up now.  Even though I have to drive across town to get it, I crave it so bad, I just call it in, grab it and eat it at home.  It's faster.
Bottom line: My life had a hole in it before this place opened up.  It could still be better, but I don't care.  Please stay open!  I'm going to pick up lunch right now.Just incredible. Went there for a date with the girlfriend. The two plates we ordered, the veggie plate and the lamb tibs, were phenomenal. The portions were large and I made a second meal out of it the next day. The waiter was a bit quiet and to the point but friendly. I have nothing else to say. The food was awesome and I can't wait to go back.We got to visit this new family-run (son and mother cooked; father was host and waiter) gem on Magazine Street for Thanksgiving dinner and was glad to see others in there on what might be a slow night for a  restaurant not serving the traditional fare. The beef sambussa was crispy and hot, and had a great flavor. Wanting to try different areas of the menu, we ordered the awaze (beef) tibs and the vegetarian platter. The beef had a great flavor to it: spiciness that didn't hit you until 30 seconds later. The vegetarian items were also good. Spouse and I fought over the last of the lentils. And the injera was perfect: sour and spongy. To accompany the food, we had the Ethiopian tea, which was fragrant and spicy. 
After being without an Ethiopian option since leaving D.C., I'm really looking forward to visiting again.This place was recommended to me by a friend and I have never been more satisfied. I don't have anything to compare to, but the staff was great at explaining what everything was and what they recommended trying. We got the lamb and chicken dibs and it was amazing. If you've never had this kind of food, I highly recommend trying it.AMAZING!!!!!! This was the first time we tried Ethiopian food and I will definitely try a resteraunt like this in our area.  We had some veggie roles and chicken stew.  The injera is delicious.... Very impressed!!! The place is set off the road and doesn't look like it's going to have awesome food, but it does!  The staff were super friendly and overall this is a must go if your in the area.Went with an Ethiopian based on his recommendation so at least I had it on good faith that the food is authentic. Wasn't impressed by the lamb (too grisly) or the chicken-leg-with-egg (not enough food) but I really enjoyed the vegetarian combo - a little bit of everything and very flavorful. I would say, stick with the vegetarian entrees.
Service is very slow - only one guy working the entire place. Be prepared for a long meal. Prices on the high side.This is not just good Ethiopian food for New Orleans, it's great Ethiopian food period. I have loved this cuisine for decades and dined in DC and NYC, my dining companion had been to Ethiopia so we have a basis of comparison. This food is delicious. While I'm a carnivore I would happily order just the veggie platter in the future. Everything was wonderfully seasoned with a variety of tastes and textures.  And the servings were generous, two entries shared were more than we could eat and the price was modest. The service was sweet and helpful.We love this place.  Traveled 3 hours and had a great dinner.   This is the way we should eat everyday.   Wait staff was friendly.  The injera was great and the food was seasoned appropriately for the family.Food was delish!  And service was great.  The place is isolated and secluded but very comfortable.  I highly recommend it.The food is good (my buddy and I split the veggie combo and the lamb tibs), the ambiance is fine, and the service is great. Great location with fairly easy parking. I wish they served Ethiopian beer as I've had some at other Ethiopian restaurants and remember it being good. Great option for vegetarians.
I give them five stars because it's an Ethiopian restaurant in a city that has way too many Italian, Vietnamese, southern/creole, seafood, burger, chicken wing/fried chicken, and pizza offerings. Can we get a decent Indian restaurant please?!? Any restaurant that adds a little variety to the local scene deserves to be bumped up a notch.Only go to this cafe if you are take Uber, Lfyt or ride a  bike or take the bus. If not  be prepared to have a hard time finding parking. The restaurants location is hidden behind a snowball stand and has LIMITED parking. As a local and vegan, I have come across this restaurant alot and always wanted to try it. So I decided to make visit it. When I walked in I was not greeted by anyone not a single person because No staff was inside the restaurant at 5pm. I said "Hello" loudly and rung their little bell. I looked over their menu with limited vegan/vegetarian option and costly prices of $11 a plate. The prices are not too bad if you are dining by yourself or with one friend but if you plan on going with your family it can get costly very quickly.  I waited for almost a full ten minutes. Another customer walked in with her family and thought I was a staffer there! I decided to leave after that. I would not recommend this restaurant.Went here on our trip to New Orleans. We were super hungry after the Garden District tour and found this place through Yelp. It's a small restaurant with no frills. We were seated right away.
Our server was attentive and quick. The food came out pretty quickly too.We ordered the Veg Sambusa and 2 Veg platters. Every single item was really delicious! I don't think I can pinpoint a single dish which lacked flavor. I have tried Ethiopian food many times before so this was authentic. Plus they give you unlimited injeras. I love spicy food so we asked for the berbere sauce as well and that was REALLY spicy (as expected). 
 We also wanted to try the baklava but we were full! Overall I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good food.If you still think mac 'n' cheese is comfort food, you haven't been to Cafe Abyssinia. 
We used to go about once a month. The food is really super. I recommend ordering the veggie sampler and one of the meat dishes and going to town on that feast. Our faves are the Doro Wot and Fish Gulash. Lamb and raw ground beef have an off-putting texture to me but that's just my personal taste - definitely try them if you're looking for something out of the ordinary for dinner.
I've had Ethiopian food at a couple of other joints in the U.S. and Europe, and I like Cafe Abyssinia's injeera the best of any of them.
Minus one star because sometimes some of the veggies come out at room temperature, and for adding a corkage fee without giving a heads up anywhere. Plus half a star because they finally got around to painting over the ethnic slur in their bathroom.First, get ready to use your hands! I came here with my family, and we got all our food on a big platter. Once he set our food down, it was off to the races. I've never had Ethiopian food before, but I know good food when I taste it. This was amazing! I highly recommend this place to everyone!! We got the Lamb Tibs, Derek Tibs (beef), Fish Gulash (it was Tilapia), and Doro Wot (chicken). My favorite was the Fish Gulash -- I thought it had an excellent lemon flavor!! The Doro Wot was really good too. The food is a little spicy so prepare yourselves for that. If you want an extra kick (which I recommend haha), ask for the spicy powder. Total was about $63 (excluding tip) for 4 of us. It is slightly pricy, but I think it was definitely worth it. For those who care about setting, it isn't that great of a setting, but the quality of the food definitely makes up for it!I love coming here to eat, but they no longer serve food on top of injera like they used to. I remember the red lentils being amazing when I first started going, but lately they have just been ok. Nevertheless, I will continue recommending this place to friends, because while it used to be better it is still pretty good. Some dishes are a little spicer, so be aware.It's been awhile since I've reviewed, but I think this is worth it. I'll keep it short and sweet.
My friend and I ate there last night and were weary at how disgusting the bathroom was. I mean, it was gross. Dirty, smelled bad, looked like they've never washed the door knob/door, toilet brush strewn across the floor, paper towels and toilet paper everywhere. Anyway... we both got food poisoning last night. For my friend to get it says a lot; she has a stomach made of iron and hasn't had an upset in YEARS. Anyway, we both woke up last night/this morning with... well, I will spare you the details. This is the only thing we had together so it was undeniably due to the restaurant.
The food and service were mediocre anyway (I have definitely had better Ethiopian), so give yourself a favor and skip it.Pretty good for what it is - no atmosphere, no utensils.  The food itself was tasty although my lamb dish had some bone/gristle in it.  You will need more spongebread than what they give you.  It was good - will return when I'm in the mood to eat that type of food.I tried the most recommended XXX chicken for entree. Also taste the second appetizer on the menu.
All food go with wrap.
I just cannot appreciate the taste, but if you want to experience the ethiopian style, you can try it out.  For me, I didn't listen to my friend's review and insist to try, and oops, ended up as feel "No wonder they don't recommend"...Eating Vegetarian in New Orleans requires planning ahead & as we researched possible veggie options before our latest getaway, Cafe Abyssinia was a must
We arrived around 8pm & were practically the only ones there but by the time we left, the place was hopping
Started w/ the Sambusa - spicy mix of cabbage & carrots in a Samosa-like pastry shell. It was outstanding!
Dinner consisted of the Veggie Combo - just the 1 & we split it - glad we read the Yelp review ahead of time about this dish being enough for 2 people b/c it was huge......& delish!
Mild Yellow & spicy red lentils, collard greens w garlic & onion, cabbage & carrots, & potatoes & carrots.....loved how the milder veggies paired perfectly w the spicy & the injera bread was the perfect vehicle with which to eat it
Very laid back & nice neighborhoody kind of feel - this will def make our list of repeats for our next trip!One of the downsides of enjoying Ethiopian food is that you usually have to wait a long time to be served. In this case, that is simply not so. The staff here are amazing and attentive, and while the food is definitely fresh, it is ready in a very reasonable amount of time. The portions are also large, and the taste is wonderful. Prices are significant, and there aren't a vast number of choices to make...but you don't really need a large selection to get a great value and a tremendous meal. We're still dining on the leftovers, which are every bit as tasty as when the plate was brought to us at the restaurant!
New Orleans is known for its food. Here's another reason why that should continue to be so.This is great Ethiopian food! I really liked my lamb tips, but I also loved the lentil and the chicken dishes. All our dishes came out on one platter, which helped us share and taste all the dishes. Friendly service too!This place is wonderful. We ordered a dish that was recommended by our friendly waiter and absolutely loved it -- the flavors were bold and comforting. Will definitely become a regular here!The food here is incredible, got the med rare kitfo and a lamb dish..the injera bread...omg couldn't have had a better birthday meal for my husband!First time here. It was really good! Got the lamb tibs and the veggie special. Different style of food but very good!