I have been coming to this place for 6 years now and I still absolutely love it! Reasons why I love Cafe Granada: 1. They are NEVER busy. I honestly don't know how this place isn't jam packed all of the time. Every time I have come here to eat it has been quiet, quaint and feels like no one else is in the restaurant. 2. SO CHEAP! I am always pleasantly surprised by the bill every time I leave considering how full and tipsy I am. 3. The food is delicious. Get the Manchego Cheese with the Muscles and the Gambas al la Plancha Shrimp. Put the cheese on the bread and place a muscle on top. Eat a shrimp and don't leave any of them sauces behind! 4. It's so close to my house and I just love the neighborhood. 5. I haven't been anywhere else (yet) that had better tapas!Excellent. We ordered the salmon and lamb. Holy shite. It was divine. I cant decide what I liked more. But the salmon was maybe my favorite thing. Server was great. Red sangria was delicious...better than two of the other sangrias I have tried at latin/spanish restaurants in town. 
I think people have forgotton about this place with the influx of  new hip trendy places that have opened in the bywater & cbd. 
Also ordered fried goat cheese w ginger sauce and chocolate mousse cake - also insanely good. 
Definitely going back as soon as I can.We LOVE this restaurant!
Cafe Grenada serves authentic Spanish tapas in the heart of New Orleans. You all know by now that I love tapas style cuisine since it allows me to taste as many possible flavors in one go. This restaurant is located on South Carrollton in one of my favorite neighbourhoods. Besides the amazing food, sangria, service and ambiance you also get to sit outside under the oak trees and watch the street cars go by and absorb some of that New Orleans charm. 
This restaurant is in my top 3 choices of places to dine in New Orleans. The food is always fresh and delicious and I just love the atmosphere. Once a month they also have flamenco nights where you can watch Spanish flamenco dancing while you dine. I highly recommend this restaurant.I've been putting off writing this review.  I really want to like Cafe Granada more than I do.  I've been a few times over the last couple of years and have never had a great meal.  
My dinner on Sunday was probably the best food I've had there but the service was...odd.  Again, having a hard time explaining w/o getting myself in hot water.  Part of the oddity was caused by confusion generated by my dining companions (who may or may not be older family members), they found the menu & the tapas concept difficult.  But the waitress did nothing to help ease their minds.  And got several items wrong by not asking for clarifications or being oblivious.  White & red sangria are not easily confused, right?  
So because the food was good and we were a slightly difficult table, I might have still given them 4 stars, except.  The last time I ate at here I ordered the vegetarian paella and it was nothing but mushrooms and what appeared to be a bag of frozen mixed vegetables.  Sigh.
I won't say no the next time folks want to eat here.  And I will hope for better.I have a two year old child and we dined outside on a Sunday night.  The service was good although they were busy for two of them.  The food was ok.  My better half really enjoyed it and my child ate(she is picky).  That in itself was a huge victory.  I do wish they did focus on some food issues like made the fries in house and trimming the fish bloodline out in the ceviche.  I rate the experience a 4 and the food a 3.  We will be back.  Good portions and good flavor on most of their dishes.Amazing place, one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans and not many people know about it!! Inexpensive, laid back atmosphere with friendly waitstaff. I've been coming here regularly since I started at Tulane 3 years ago and have only been disappointed once (ordered the calamari right before close one night and it was overcooked, but I forgive them...it's been excellent ever since). The sangria is great and the margaritas are some of the best I've ever had! My favorite things to order include: the croquettas de queso (so good), puff pastry crawfish bisque, zuchinni fritters/pockets, calamari, eggplant granada, patatas bravas, paella, and the ceviche is usually good too! It's hard to pick a favorite because everything on the menu is good!Pretty delicious! I went to dinner at 6:30 with a group of 5 people and no one was unhappy! Great serving staff, no wait to be seated, delicious food. They have a vegetarian menu along with a non-veg menu so that was a huge plus for 2 of us! Good views out the window. It was pretty cheap for tapas...One of my favorite places to go eat healthy in Nola.
They have really nice salads. My favorite is the Ensalada de Berros, with a nice berry vinaigrette, avocado, hearts of palm and grapefruit. So tasty.
They also have a TON of vegan/vegetarian tapas options. Some of my favorites include the patatas bravas, eggplant granada and the fabada. Basically everything is delicious, and if you have the cash, the entrees are off the chain. The Moroccan lamb tajine is really tasty and a different kind of dish than you see everyday. The Paella is another favorite. 
This place rocks!LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. came in with 2 friends, ordered 7 hot tapas and NOT A SINGLE ONE disappointed me. 
If you want to try something new, give this place a shot.Actually I wanna give 4 stars but my husband said 3 stars. We ate different items for our dinner at Cafe Granada so probably that explains why. I had the clams, gazpacho, Sopa D'Amaresco (seafood in delicate saffron broth), and clams catalan, they were all very good for me. My husband got chorizo and duck confit. He thinks they are 3 star ok. So probably the seafood items there are on the better side then. I would wanna go there again if I am ever in NOLA again.Over the past weekend, with its lovely weather, I wanted to go somewhere where we could sit outside. Husband suggested this place, which neither of us have ever visited. I love tapas and they have outdoor seating. Sold.
We started off with a carafe of red sangria, which was quite watery. I'll go to Lola's if I want sangria. We had several things, some that I loved and some that were just ok. But the ones I loved were so good, I can't wait to go back!
The delicious:
Brie with fig preserves: Hard to go wrong with this, except to do it like we did. One order for four people. Boo. Get your own. 
Duck confit: The duck was on point and the salad it came with was fantastic!
The hangar steak: Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Served with very good french fries and what I think was a garlic aioli (menu said chimichurri but that it wasn't).
The good:
Goat cheese croquetas: Served with some sort of mango sauce. 
Shrimp croquetas: Not as good as the goat cheese ones. Served with a tomato sauce.
Carpaccio de res: This might have made the delicious category if there was some balance between oil and acid on the plate. It was drizzled with oil, fine, but needed some vinegar or something else. 
The just ok:
Zucchini pockets with salmon and brie: The zucchini was good, I didn't taste the brie and the salmon just didn't work with the zucchini, to my taste anyway.
Manchego with tequila: I though booze, flame and cheese was a no brainer but it just tasted like soggy cheese with cheap tequila taste on top. Yuck. 
The bread: Not good and with these kind of tapas, the bread is kind of important.
The aforementioned sangria. 
$100 bucks for four people with drinks. Not bad at all.Jaime R. From The Bronx, New York. Upon Visiting Friends In New Orleans In June 2011, We Accidently Stumbled Upon This Cafe After Having Left Several So-Called Italian Restaurants Highly Disappointed With Their Menus And Knowledge Of Basic Dishes Which Are Offered At Home. Anyhow, We Entered And Found The Granada Pleasant And Comfortable To Be In. I Give A Rousing And Well Earned Five (5) Stars To The Chef And Staff For An Extraordinary Preparation Of The Dishes Served. Everything Tasted Above What We Expected, Especially The Fish Wrapped In Parchment Paper Which You Don,t Ordinarily Find Outside Of Spain. The Only Caveat I Can Give Is The So-Called Waitresses. They Were Pleasant Enough But Very Deficient In The Ordering And Timely Delivery Of Our Orders. I Will Give Them A Half Star Rating For Professionalism And That Is Being Charitable. I Am Usually Lay Back About Service As Long As It Is Fairly Steady. These Ladies Didn't Have A Clue. Disappointing Considering That Everything Else Was Above Board. I Would Recommend The Granada Cafe Heartily To My Jaded And Spoiled Culinary Acquaintances From " New Yawk" On Their Next Visit To The Crescent City. I Give A Big, "Well Done" To The Gracious Owner Of The Granada.I don't just hand out 5 stars for being in a good mood. As good as it gets right? Maybe the food itself wasn't as good as food gets, I mean its NOT Per Se right, but it is a Spanish Tapas bar, and given that and the fact we had a very experienced Spanish food in Spain eating person in our group who also gave high accolades, I feel confident with my top rating on this. 
Here's what we ate:
Ensaladade Berros 
Eggplant Granada 
Pollo Al Ajillo
Albondigas
Fabada (lima beans)
coconut rum tres leches
Chocolate cake 
The food was awesome, we've all eaten these types of things before, but when you eat something you think your familiar with, and you go, mmm, that's good that's really good, and you go, wow, thats interestingly delicious, wonder whats in that, and you can't get enough, you know you're happy, very happy. You are essentially foodgasming.  
Service was awesome, prompt and the waitress actually knew the menu, had eaten just about everything on it, knew what was in it, even knew the special spices used in the Albondigas Morrocan (as opposed to Indian) coriander. How many waitresses can tell you this? I love her, she is my hero. She also highly recomnended the lima beans, acknowledging the fact that lima beans are not everyone's favorite, but you need to  try these lima beans. They were the best fucking lima beans I've ever had in my life. My mom tried for years to get me to eat lima beans. Hope she was watching, bless her soul.  
We brought in a decent  bottle of Carménère from Chile, nicely dry that seemed to pair well with all the food. Corkage fee was $8, wish it was BYOB free, but very minor negative.Cafe Granada was Mom's choice for a Mother's Day lunch. And it was lovely. The staff was on point with fresh bread and waters and offering suggestions and descriptions of the dishes. My family shared a large assortment of tapas (and we polished off almost all of it!)
Highlights were the ceviche of the day: Redfish with Mango & Mint, the grapefruit salad, and the brie with fig marmalade. 
Also yummy were the fabada, the potatoes, the salmon salad with anchovies (my Mom loved it), the mussels and the shrimp and garlic sauce. 
Definitely much improved since my last visit. I won't wait so long until next time.Great tapas place. Empanadas and chorizo was my favorite. They did have slow service but it was a Friday night and it was a packed house. Their lunch menu looked good and pretty cheap alsoMy bf and I went here a few weeks back and I loved the food! We started with sangria (of course!) and it was very tasty and affordable. I believe it was only $10 for a carafe, that has approx. 2.5 glasses in it. I could have easily drank one carafe, but I was pacing myself. We also had a cheese board for starters and it was a very nice spread with 3 or 4 different cheeses, bread, fruit and nuts. All the cheeses were Spanish cheeses. We then had two tapas- patatas bravas and my favorite, fabada. The fabada dish had baby lima beans, artichokes and sun dried tomatoes with cilantro, that was cooked in vegetable broth. We then shared a vegetarian paella. The paella was good, but a little on the heavy side because of the truffle oil drizzled on top. Over all, our bill came out to roughly $30, including tip. My only gripes about the experience was the slightly heavy paella and the loud acoustics in the place. There was a very obnoxious large table there that night that drowned out any conversation that my bf and I had with eachother. However, I understand that it's not the restaurants fault. Anyway, Cafe Granada is a splendid restaurant in the Riverbend area!Me and boyfriend go to Cafe Granada probably once a month. The food is usually great but recently it has not been consistent. I always get the zucchini fritters no matter what and last time I didn't even finish them because they were so salty and when I told the waitress all she could do was shrug her shoulders. The wait staff at Cafe Granada sucks unless you ask for Christa (sp?). She is the only one who will take care of you and is also super nice and fun. Other wise the food is usually good. You can't go wrong with the Croquettas de Queso, Smoked Salmon and Grilled Asparagus, and get the Queso Hornado for desert. Oh and the Red wine Sangria is fantastic!!Very good tapas.  We came, had a carafe of sangria, some tapas and sandwiches and conquered.  The sangria was pleasant, the waitstaff was very accommodating to our toddler during a nice lazy Sunday lunch..  food was very good (try the sandwiches).  My toddler had a chicken tapas (Pollo al Ajillo) and seemed to fit the bill.  
I had the Pollo Asado (Grilled Chicken Breast, Roasted Red Peppers, Onions, Brie Cheese, Chipotle Aioli, on Rosemary Ciabatta Bread) my husband had the Ribeye Steak Sandwich (Grilled Ribeye, Red Onions, Tomatoes, Brie Cheese and Creole Mustard on a Baguette) both were excellentFabulous. 
The tapas are great, and resonably priced. The entrees get a little pricy, but rightfully so. I'm a huge fan of the garbanzo bean and fried cheese tapas! Their paella is also great... 
Service is a little slow, but the restaurant is comfortable, and classy.The tapas here are delicious.  I went here with 3 of my friends and we each ordered 2-3 tapas plates.  This restaurant is great because you can continuously order plates of tapas until you are full or have had enough. They are served in a timely matter, always hot and ready to eat.  The mussels and oysters are cooked and served in a sauce that is so amazing you will want to dip your bread in it once your done eating them.   All tapas are reasonably priced and you definitely come out of here full yet craving more.Cool little tapas restaurant! 
Very nice place for a casual dinner and a glass of wine. 
We tried three dishes - little-neck clams in a garlic broth with spinach - excellent! The strong flavors of the broth didn't overwhelm the brine of the clams. Clams can be a bit tricky to find in this area and having them prepared this well was a pleasant surprise. I was impressed. The grilled marinated shrimp with pollenta is basically a slightly Spanish twist on shrimp and grits but the results were outstanding. Nicely grilled shrimp with a slightly sweet sauce over an amazing cheesy pollenta. Absolutely killer! The grilled charizo served with fries wasn't on the level on the two previous dishes but still quite good. The sausage itself was loaded with smokey paprika - it was good but I have had better. The fries however were crisp and not at all greasy. 
The wine list is a bit limited but but the prices are reasonable for decent, everyday vino. A glass of the house rioja went very well with the tapas. 
As noted in other reviews service tends to be a bit casual. Not horrible, just very laid back. 
Bottom line: excellent to very good food, reasonable prices, casual atmosphere - not a bad choice for a casual dinner!Bad food, bad service, bad drinks. I was told that my shellfish allergy would be a problem (when the menu says to inform server of allergies). Server forgot my drink and one of the two non shellfish contaminated items they offer. Apparently the food was contaminated bc I had a bad allergic reaction to the food. Their lack of respect for my food allergy was disappointing. My food was cold too. In their defense 2 of their dishes were reported as good by my fellow diners. Who tells their customers that their allergy will be a problem when there is a whole vegetarian section on menu. Bad vibe. Will never go back and will report them to the health department for the disregarding of my allergies.  Despite the allergy issue it was just gross and a dirty place. For the record, we only ate here bc there wasn't a wait like everywhere else.I have been here at least five times and I have enjoyed it each time. I have been here for business and personal and the service and food have been excellent every time. The one weird thing about this restaurant is that there are never more than two or three tables filled. Maybe I have come at strange times, but it always appears empty. The food is awesome though.Pricey for tapas. Waitress got our order mixed up but the extra dish was on the house.
Sangria is not great.
If they made a sangria de cava I would definitely go back sooner than never.Good Spanish food specializing in Tapas. The variety is large but the dishes were hit and miss. The zucchini strips were quite good, but the BBQ shrimp was overcooked and mushy (yuck). Sangria was watered down, but decent flavor. The Serrano ham, salami, Manchego cheese and olive plate was quite good. Last, the empanadas were not the best I've had, but definitely good.I'm not an expert on tapas but I've been here twice and both times it was good. Bring a few friends, sit outside, get a carafe or sangria and order a bunch of stuff and I don't think you'll be disappointed. Had no problems with the service and thought the prices were reasonable.Love this place, but it might have closed :( It's been shuttered the past few times I've gone by, and the phone is disconnected. So sad, this was my go-to place for sangria and yummy tapas.I had a spectacular experience here with my friends on Friday evening.  Wonderful sangria and incredible tapas.  Try the tequila-flamed manchego cheese, patatas bravas, and goat cheese balls!!  Laid-back, casual atmosphere was also a plus.Sangria. I love sangria done right and they've got it down at Café Grenada. If you can grab an outside table on a nice spring day around 4pm, this is a great place to enjoy the weather and the Happy Hour discount on sangria. The tapas are very tasty as well. I especially like the empanadas and the manchego cheese with tequila flambé. Cheese, booze, and fire? How can you go wrong? Oh, umm yeah I guess that could go really wrong. No fear though, they have this mix in perfect balance. So if you have some time to kill on a nice day, a great place to have a carafe (or a few) with some friends and some tapas before dinner.I've only been once but had a great time.  We got there on the earlier side on a Friday night so we got a table in the window which was lovely.  Our server was excellent--friendly, attentive, great details and good recommendations.  We got the white sangria which was yummy and packed a slow punch.
Highlights for me were the ribeye  w/fries (very YUMMY fries) the bread with manchego flambeed with tequila (though wish there were more cheese).  Wasn't so fond of the mushrooms as they were cold and didn't really have a rich flavor.The service staff was friendly and warm.  The food was all over the place.  The Zucchini fritters and saffron aioli were good.  The Tuna was had good flavor but was tougher(maybe frozen?).  The bread was under cooked.  The cheese plate was good.  The crab and corn bisque was average in flavor but had a nice crust melted over it.  Had the ribeye with pomme frites and aioli.  The price was right but there was nothing setting it apart the cut and the fries weren't made in house.
Big portions for tapas but I applaud that aspect.
I might go back but it doesn't go to the top of the list.I came here with a friend and an appetite.  Since it's tapas I decided to get three items, I was STARVING.  Luckily the portions are actually really big and I had a lot to take home.  
I had the potatoes sauteed in spicy tomato sauce which was good and heavy, probably all I actually needed.  The zucchini fritters satisfied my fried food craving and it's a huge plate so you could share it with the table.  I couldn't even eat the lima beans, artichokes, sun dried tomatoes in vegetable broth and sherry vinegar but it was good for leftovers.  
The service was off and there were only a few tables of customers.  The waitress forgot to bring us a few things we had asked for.  The food is pretty good and you get more than you'd expect from tapas.Wackily diverse menu - huge for the size of the place - full of really good eats and no sticker shock when the check comes. Go, throw darts at the menu, drink sangria. You'll have an outstanding meal.
What, you want recommendations? Sure. One of everything.
More specific than that? Oh, ok. The sauteed calamari are tender and wonderful. The duck confit on salad was rich and cooling. The meatballs were a big pile of cumin-y goodness. Get the marinated olive/artichoke plate, because hi, tapas. Flaming tequila-soaked fried cheese - do I even need a verb there? And oh gods, the stuffed artichoke hearts - oh the heck with this review. I'm heading to the airport so I can go back.Very nice tapas.
I particularly recommend the lamb and the ceviche from the tapas menu. I'm also a big fan of the patatas bravas. They have live music pretty regularly.
The service is good and the sangria is cheap (but not very strong).
Also their paella is kickass.
Overall I'm a pretty big fan. Great for dates.I liked the idea of this place because it was  a tapas restaurant- try a lot of different small, reasonably priced plates. That being said, I chose it because I got a reduced price off of restaurant.com. Anyways, my boyfriend and I got a carafe of red sangria, it was fantastic, and the carafe was enough for each of us to have two small glasses, a sufficient amount for the price (3.50 if you buy by the glass, 9 if you get the carafe, you can do the math). We ordered the ground beef and manchego empanadas, the gambas a la plancha (shrimp), the albondigas (little meatballs) and the patatas bravas. The shrimp, I wasn't a fan of, not enough flavor, but my boyfriend seemed to enjoy them. The patatas bravas were by far our favorite, the potatoes were cooked perfectly and the sauce was just delicious. The empanada was average, I used leftover sauce to make it a little more interesting. The meatballs I enjoyed, but my boyfriend wholeheartedly did not (he said they tasted like BO, hahahaha). We order the coconut run tres leches cake for dessert because we needed to hit a money limit for our gift certificate. It wasn't very good, too dry, with more sauce it would have been tasty. 
At the end of the meal, I was full, but my boyfriend was not, so keep that in mind (though of course you can always order more food, the tapas ranged from 6 to 12 dollars, but then there were also big sized entrees). 
Not sure if we'd go back, but I wouldn't say no. OH and our waitress was great!!My girlfriend and I went here the other night because we were too lazy to drive all the way to Lola's for tapas; a decision we both somewhat regret. The food was... ok. We had the beef carpaccio (good), the lamb ribs with fries (frozen fries and wimpy ribs), the clams and chorizo (gritty and lousy chorizo), the shrimp over polenta (really good), and the grilled octopus (fantastic). So, the food was hit and miss. However, what stood out was the service. And not in a good way. My water stayed empty for the majority of the meal, my little side plates got really messy and eventually removed and never replaced. I could understand oversights like this if the place was slammed, but we were one of four tables. The table next to us had a different waitress and she seemed to be doing a much better job, but we just got unlucky apparently. Long story short, we probably won't be going back anytime soon.We went here Monday night.  We almost didn't go in because there was only one other table in the place and I usually do not take that as a good sign.  We went in anyway.
Our server was terrible.  She seemed annoyed to be at work.  When she wasn't waiting on us she was sitting at the bar chit chatting with her friend.  She brought us the check before we were even finished eating.  Then she turned off their "open" sign 30 minuted before their closing time.  We definitely did not feel welcome.
This is a shame because I thought the food was good.  We ordered clams which were delicious, lamb chops with mint sauce which was really good and the fried goat cheese...yum.  We shared a paella.  It was good, however I do think Lola's is better.  Next time we will just order tapas and hopefully get better service.I've been here a couple times. Each time, the service is beyond personable. The best things about this place: paella, garlicy mushrooms, and sangria. This is a good place to linger over several rounds to tapas and enjoy the atmosphere. I highly recommend for a special dinner among friends.I've driven by this place countless times in my last four years in New Orleans and have always meant to try. Finally went with a few girlfriends and we were so surprised at how delicious it was! We had a great server who worked with us through the menu and we ordered 2 items per person (there were 4 of us) plus the cheese fondue/tequila thing that lights on fire - so fun! 
Everything was delicious, but some highlights were the mussels, the cheese, and the caprese salad. May not the best place for tourists because the location isn't super lively, but locals should give it a try - it might even be better than Salu! Would be great for a date night, prices were great as well.The stylish Spanish seafood is so bad! But the lamb or grilled chicken is delicious.Went here for lunch for the first time and had a nice meal.  For two of us, we ordered two tapas and a lunch sandwich.  Plenty of food and affordable.  Didn't get too adventurous with the tapas and ordered the Pollo a Ajillo (chicken with garlic sauce) and Albondigas (meatballs with garbanzo beans and tomato sauce).  Both were good and good introductory dishes for the first timer.
We ordered a Bocadillo (sandwich) to split.  Had the Pollo Asado (grilled chicken with roasted red peppers, onions, brie cheese, chipotle aioli, on rosemary ciabatta bread).  It was delicious.  Very flavorful, a little spicy, but not too much.  As others have said, the fries were great.
The service was attentive, nice dining room, and good wine/beer selection.Our table sampled a bunch of tapas which were all very good.  The chorizo stands out as something that should be ordered.  Having been to Morocco, I had to try the Moroccan Lamb Tajine, which was perfect- it was as if it was prepared in a high end restaurant in Morocco, which is saying a lot.
I would have given Cafe Granada 5 stars if it hadn't been for the miserably slow service, and I would have given it 1 star is the food wasn't so damned good.  It wasn't crowded at all, yet our surly waitress managed to be disaffected and confused simultaneously.  My butt was stuck to the seat for having sat there so long.  I was hoping that it was an isolated incident (went there before I joined Yelp) but I see I'm not the only one who has had service issues here.  Unless the service begins to improve, I won't be going back.  Well, maybe for take-out.Amazing Tapas! Amazing service. So glad my friends and I decided to eat here. Really recommended!Ahh, it's Spring and nothing says it better then a glass of sangria, sitting outside on the patio and munching on some tapas from Cafe Granada. 
Goods: Sangria, mussels, duck confit salad, crab balls, paella
Bad: scallops, for $12 you get two scallops on a bamboo skewer with some veggies. Not worth the $12.
Service: We came apparently during almost a shift change. The waitress was not happy, VERY UNHAPPY. Needless to say, we were glad she left. The second waitress was a whole LOT nicer. 
Overall, a place to frequent for a refreshing glass (or five) of sangria. Sit outside if its nice out. You will not be disappointed.This restaurant is one of my favorite...as far as the menu goes..It is located very close to my house. I hope the owner reads this, because I LOVE your restaurant, BUT its very inconsistent. Sometimes its AWESOME, but last night it was crappy.Defintely the best tapas option in New Orleans. I love the area as well.
It's definitely not as stuffy as Salu, and the menu feels more authentically Spanish.
Lots of options, great for lunch or dinner.
We came in the middle of a rain storm and the power actually went out while we were there. Needless to say we were set to leave but they were like "we have candles and a gas stove, sit down". They cooked our meal by candle light on a gas stove and it was excellent. That alone will make me come back here again and againMy family and I really like this restaurant - although we have only ever come for lunch, never dinner. They have as nice variety of options and the dishes are very flavorful (I like garlic and they do not disappoint)! They also have a great white sangria. Nice location, fun interior and good prices; would recommend,Great Service. My friends and I dined there the day after Christmas. Our waitress was awesome. She was very knowledgeable, but not overbearing.  Everything was great. My fav were the duck confit, Sea Scallops Brochetta, and the eggplant Granada. Oh and don't forget to order the Sangria!This small cafe in the Riverbend  is, unfortunately, looked over too often.  Here you will find some of the tasty tapas made with excellent quality, fresh ingredients and a number of flavorful daily specials.  Prices are reasonable--most tapas are in the $5-$8 range, and the portions surprisingly larger than I expected.  The wait staff is wonderfully attentive to its patio diners (a rarity).This is one of my favorite places to go with girlfriends. We have so much fun drinking sangria, this is super duper delicious here and sharing tapas. Last night I went with one of my besties and we had the best time sitting outside and sharing conversation and food. First came our Croquettas de Queso, there were four on the plate, so I only got two, but I could have eaten all of them. They were filled with goat cheese which is fabulous. Then we got the Albondigas, which were these meatballs in a tomatoe sauce with garbanzo beans, also fabulous. Then came out my favorite, the Eggplant Granada, which is layers of thinly sliced grilled eggplant with this mushroom stuffing in between the layers and has these kind of crispy carmelized onions on top. Yummmmmm. Of course we got our usual cheese board, which is always great for me. It had four different cheeses, a blue, a goat, a soft cheese that was like butter, and of course manchego. It came with some fig spread, nuts and fresh baguette. Ate that up super fast! There are so many different tapas to choose from it will take many visits to try them all. I have yet to try the paella because I always want to get a variety of tapas. Maybe some day. I will be back.Was not impressed with any of our dishes.  If I use the previous reviews as any indication, we must have gotten the wrong things.  Paella was totally bland.  It tasted like a bad store bought bag mix.  Couldn't taste paprika or saffron.  Seafood in dish was way overcooked, shrimp were mushy. Cornish hen was dry, little seasoning. Meatballs were actually good.  Empanadas were clearly pillsberry crescent rolls with cheese inside.  Shrimp were overcooked in our tapas. Mussels were big and juicy, but bland sauce. I really wanted this to be good because it's super cheap.The food was amazing, the sangria was delicious and the service was satisfactory. 
The chef knew what they were doing and every tapas plate that came out was hot, savory and filling. The sangria was light, smooth and just how I remember it served in Barcelona. 
The service was very helpful, very prompt and professional. They were attentive without being overbearing. They made the experience very pleasant. 
I am not sure when I will go back, but I know I will enjoy every sip and bite.The meatballs were really well seasoned, and I soaked up all the sauce with my bread.  The Lamb was nicely pink in the center and well seasoned as well.  The vegetarian options were delicious as well, but I felt like dessert was lacking a little.Some cool dishes here like paella, ceviche, and Moroccan tagine. 
It's expensive though. I ordered a family style paella (serves 4) and I think it was $66. This dish does contain saffron though, the most expensive spice in the world. I was a bit disappointed that it only contained four pieces of chorizo.
I didn't think the duck confit was anything special.After driving past this place for years, we finally decided to give it a go. Kind of always thought it was a run of the mill spanish/mexican food slopfest, then when I found out it was Tapas, I was like "groan..." how may ways can I get overcharged for a baby entrée. Finally took the plunge, and was NOT disappointed, To say I was blown away was an understatement, everything was creative, flavorful, and really hit the spot. Smoked Salmon wrapped Asparagus and The eggplant with mushroom duxelle were high points. Service is pleasant and attentive but not what my 8 year old would call "all up in your business." It most certainly went into the rotation of our "old reliable" eateries.When they say not a good place for kids, they are right. I saw a mother discipline her child in private and the management called the police.
NOT a family friendly environment.....apparently the staff all have PhD's in child psychology....or so they believe.
All the food was really bad.This was our first time here and I was excited to try it.  It started off a little rough but the food made up for it.  We told the hostess and table for four.  We thought she acknowledged us but after waiting about five minutes outside and seeing the plethora of empty tables inside we asked again and she looked at us like she had never seen us before and goes, "oh, you want a table?"  
Then, as I mentioned, there were a ton of empty tables and she gave us reasons why we had to sit at the table closest to the door (the one in the back is for five people, the one over there is reserved, that one you can't have).  Then the next people that walked in the door (two adults and two kids) that didn't have a reservation got the back table we had requested and she told us was for five people.  It was just odd and we couldn't figure it out.
But the sangria was yummy and the food was good.  The tapas are reasonably priced as someone else mentioned.  We each got two or three choices to share and one of us got an entree.  The croquetas de queso were yummy, as were the patatas bravas and the empenadas.  They were out of flan which totally bummed me out, but I probably didn't need it anyway.  
It wasn't cheap, but like someone else said it was ridiculously expensive.  Our waiter was attentive, at one point we had to ask him to slow down and not bring our food out that fast because we couldn't keep up.  Which I prefer to waiting forever for food.
I would go back.Let me preface my "3" with this: The food and white wine sangria were EXCELLENT and deserve 5 stars. The waitress was 1 star. The seranno ham, manchego & olive salad sandwiches (Tapas style/make-you-own) were tasty and fun. The gazpacho was perfect for a summer day and the baked brie and figs were yum. 
The waitress was either coming off of a meth binge or was having the DT's. We ordered one sandwich and one tapas with a cup of soup each. She forgot the tapas, took our sangria carafe and ran off with an inch of good booze in it and was shaking so bad you could hear the brie plate coming from the kitchen. We were one of 2 couples there in the day time so it wasn't busy and it wasn't early. I say, go eat here because the owners/chefs/cooks have it right, just hope you don't get our waitress.I took my girlfriend to Cafe Grenada on Valentine's Day. She's a vegetarian (I am not) so I had to go to somewhere with a lot of veggie options as well as meat dishes. All-in-all, we were very pleased with our meal.
The restaurant is rather small and a little bit crammed. When we arrived there was a family with young children trying to get their infant to stop crying. We requested a table as far away from them as possible, but, it being a small-ish place, we didn't end up that far away. No worries, as they left after 10 minutes. Our waitress greeted us promptly and explained the menu to us and made some recommendations.
The menu is very diverse across food groups and price ranges. They've got everything from filet mignon to stuffed artichoke to a serrano board and, of course, paella. We started off with a carafe of sangria. I've never met a sangria I didn't like and this one didn't disappoint. 
We had a several small plates over the next hour or so, starting with an empanada stuffed with cheese and red peppers., which was a good start. We moved on to the patatas bravas and the tuna carpaccio. The potatoes were a little bit on the spicy side, but they had a garlic aioli on top to help mellow it out. The tuna was a little salty, but I guess that's what you expect with a carpaccio. For the next course, we had the manchego cheese flambeed with tequila. It was awesome to spead over some bread, although I would have it as a starter next time. By the way, Cafe Granada has a strange bread policy - certain dishes on the menu are marked as being served with bread. Otherwise they charge you for bread..... by the slice. What?? Oh well, we didn't need any more
Dessert was a single serving of creme brulee. The waitress warned us that it was very small and man was it! I'd say it was about the size of a half-dollar around, maybe a little bit larger. The top was nice and crispy but it was very cold at the bottom. I'd certainly not recommend it for the price.
All in all I'd definitely go back to Cafe Granada. The price at the end of the meal was very affordable, even with drinks, and they made enough non-meat options to make any vegetarian go nuts.The paella at Lola's is better; it seemed to be missing some element of the flavor profile here, though the seafood was plentiful. The shrimp were overcooked and mealy. The prices here seem pretty high for what you get (entrees in the $20s) but it was generally a pleasant evening, and the wait staff was cheery.Stopped by a week ago for an early Saturday evening dinner.  Excellent tapas & sangria, very friendly waitress.  Get a table by the window for a nice view of Carrollton Ave.   I've never had octopus before, but got an octopus tapas there in addition to the shrimp dishes I had.  Excellent desserts.  Definitely stopping by the next time I'm in NOLA!Food and wine was very average. Service was slow. Staff was limited.  They were out of 4 of 7 red wines we tried to order. Excuse was changing their wine selection but did not have alternatives.  Our server gave us sparse attention at best but we'll give her the benefit of the doubt. If manager was on site, it was not apparent. Would not recommend or go back.My gf and I came here on a date night last Friday.  I'd been wanting to try it because I live around the corner, and she really wanted some sangria.  It turned out to be a GREAT decision!!  We ordered three plates: zucchini fries, albondigas, and duck confit; as well as a carafe of red sangria.
The zucchini fries were awesome! They were perfectly battered and not too heavily seasoned, leaving the good natural zucchini flavor to dominate.  They were served with a saffron aioli for dipping, and it was a perfect complement.  We'll probably get these next time we go.
The albondigas are lamb/beef meatballs with Moroccan style seasoning, served in tomato sauce with chickpeas.  They were good, but had a really odd flavor and aftertaste.  It wasn't a bad flavor, just odd.  Not sure if we'll get these again.
The duck confit was amazing! It was served with a goat cheese and fig salad with a honey vinaigrette.  I loved the salad, and the duck.  The duck was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection.  This dish is definitely worth getting again, but not until we try some other dishes first.
The sangria! Oh my the sangria!  It tasted fresh and delicious and took the edge off perfectly for both of us.  It is a must for next time.
Our server was very kind and attentive, but overly so.  And the prices were very good for the quantity and quality food we got.  
We will be back!We come here at least once a month during "happy hour" - 2:30pm to 5:30pm DAILY. They have 2-for-1 margaritas and 4 or 5 tapas on sale, which we always get - mussels, calamari, fried goat cheese balls, and a few other things. Each dish is consistently good.
If you sit outside though, beware of all the flies that will swarm your food.Great atmosphere, service, and food. I love tapas, but the menu here beats any tapas restaurant I have been to thus far. The patatas bravas had an incredibly rich and spicy sauce that is unforgettable. Do yourself a favor and check out this gem of a restaurant!Tapas!  I just love lots of small tastes of everything.
We had the layered eggplant (outstanding), garlic jumbo shrimp, and the canteloupe gazpacho, which we ordered because, hey, CANTELOUPE GAZPACHO???  It was fabulous.
Oh, and try the white sangria on a hot summer's night.  Refreshing, light, and delicious, especially seated outside.I ate there with 3 friends on a Sunday night and everything was delicious. Faves include the lamb chops, baby octopus, and the mussels. Neither especially cheap or expensive.I just really did not enjoy the food here and I was very sad I didn't go to Barcelona Tapas, Lola's, or Vega Tapas.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing or it was an off night, as my food certainly didn't seem anything like what other reviews describe, but after two visits my tongue just said BLAH.  I also drank my fair share of Sangria here and found it to be pretty weak compared to other comparable establishments.  The service was non-existent and it took an insanely long time to get served.  Just not my kind of place and granted I do hate small plates at most places but if they are done the way Barcelona Tapas, Lola's and Vega do them then I LOVE them.  Unless something major happens I will probably never return to Cafe Grenada as there are too many other and far better choices.Ended up here because the place we'd originally intended to go (Boucherie) had a 30-45 minute wait, and we were too hungry to postpone dinner for that long. So, we walked around the corner, and voila! Cafe Granada had a table waiting for us.
My only complaint was that the service was rather slow, given the fact that only a handful of tables were occupied, but the staff was super-friendly, so I guess it could've been worse. 
The food was fantastic, and we only managed to sample a fraction of what was on the menu in spite of wanting to order pretty much one of everything. I had zuchinni fritters, which were essentially zuchinni tempura minus the tempura sauce (the best part!), and not nearly as crispy/crunchy as I'd imagined they would be. On the other hand, the stuffed artichoke hearts exceeded expectations, and as far as I can tell the duck thing my friend ordered was equally awesome. As he put it, "this duck certainly did NOT die in vain," which I assume meant that said deceased fowl was delicious. 
It'd never occurred to me to seek out Cafe Granada, so I'm glad we landed here unexpectedly. I'll keep coming back until I've tried everything on the menu (that's vegetarian-ish), for sure, along with many, many more glasses of white sangria.My boyfriend and I came here in search of something new. We fell in love with Lola's and thought that Cafe Granada's seafood paella and red wine sangria would be on the same caliber (if not better) than Lola's...boy were we wrong! The service was okay but the sangria and paella was AWFUL! We have not been back since and have stuck with Lola's since then. Definitely won't recommend this place to anyone.Ok, pardon my trigger happy check ins.  I know the purists will give me a good tongue lashing but it reminds me to do reviews on places so am I forgiven?  Besides, I've been cabin feverish all day today and just HAD to get some check ins in!  Sometimes I feel like those desert rats/mice (can't remember) who drank water until they literally died because they were predisposed to drink water whenever they found it since it was so scarce in their environment.  Yeah, I know I'm writing a diatribe but that is analagous of how I feel about check ins sometimes!  Ok, yes I like to push the button, call me Pavlov's dog with the bell, I accept it! hehe
Anyway, back to my review.  I took a good friend here for tapas.  I usually don't go here because it can be a bit pricey but it is delicious.  The octopus special was excruciatingly good which shocked me (hey I love calamari as much as the next gal) but damned it was good!)  The croquette was yummy, the side salad was normal, the mussels were yummy, liked that sauce, and the seafood paella was sizzlingly delicious!  
I took off a star because it can be quite pricey and the tables against the wall are on top of each other.  My friend and I laugh pretty heartily so I'm sure as the restaurant filled up people were wondering what we thought was funny (hey, he's a Colombian and I'm Filipina so we have tons of cultural references we laugh over when discussing culture difference with boring non-ethnic Americans!).  And of course we sometimes slipped into Spanish words which probably confused other people (hey Filipinos were occupied by the Spaniards for 200 years, do your homework people! hehe...the lingua franca in the Philippines was Spanish at one point, then of course it was English after the American occupation, and now it's Tagalog but with over 7,000 islands there are different dialects, ok enough history lesson).
Oh, and my friend ordered the sangria which I sipped (sangria is one of my weaknesses but since I'm a lightweight I have to go easy on it) and it was yummy.
Parking can also be a pain because it's street parking and there is a row of places like Lebanon Cafe, Basil Leaf and Panchita's all next to each other.  By the way there is outdoor seating for all of these places which is nice.
Happy Tapas eating!