Let me start by saying I come every year to The Jazz Festival and I always always stop at Cafe Conti for breakfast on my first and last day in Nola. This French boutique coffee shop is amazing. The service is excellent and the food is superb. I always try to leave a complement to the chef and I love that they change the menu slightly every day.Stopped by for a quick breakfast before our tour one morning! Ordered the croque madame with a side of fruit. Yummy way to start my day :)Average to good breakfast, BUT definitely not great... semi fooled by previous posts. Only a couple other people here at 7 AM and my server seemed "off." Grits were good, Benedict was average (comes on French bread which was soggy, just semi warm opposed to what I'd expect it to be, I've had better hot dogs than the sausage, egg was almost all the way cooked through, hollandaise sauce tasted over cooked/tangy). Coffee was fine, but not good. Pretty sure I could have found a better spot...We had the eggs Benedict of the day and the French toast. The food is fantastic! Very relaxing and quaint atmosphere. The service was unfortunately not the best, but this careless waiter seemed to be the exception rather than the majority.We thoroughly enjoyed the crepes. I had the mixed berry and my husband had the bacon  one the were both way more than what I was expecting out of this little cafe!This location was recommended to us by our Ghost Adventures tour guide. This quaint cafe is located inside a hotel.  This restaurant offers a comfortable and casual environment. I ordered the omelette of the day which was mushroom and spinach served with roasted potatoes -- I added bacon to my omelette.  The amount of food for the price was reasonable and the presentation of the food was great.  This was a great suggestion for breakfast. Anyone looking for a cute breakfast place to eat at while in the French Quarter that serves delicious food, gives generous portion sizes, while dining in a comfortable environment, this is the place to go!This place is very quiet and quaint. It is well decorated with a classic French feel to it. The staff is very friendly and will tell you what's popular, but haven't personally tried the items on the menu. Boo! My water glass was never empty and they have a great selection of sweet and savory crêpes, as well as brunch items, salads and sides. They are reasonably priced, with the Shrimp and grits being the most expensive thing at $14. I got the bacon, brie, scallions and apricot crêpe. The food came out in a timely manner and was rather tasty. My wife got the mixed berries and crème anglaise crêpes and they were delicious as well. I would come back here.Small little spot...but Food here is delicious!!
The iced coffee was great too! All of us (5 girls) were very pleased with our meals...from crepes to benedict to salmon bagels. Yum yum yum!Somewhat limited menu, basically egg dishes, a couple sides and several crepe options. Got the Benedict of the day: mushroom spinach on a croissant. It was awesome. The only downside was that it wasn't fresh spinach, it was piled high with a ton of creamy spinach dip. Not to say it wasn't delicious,  it was just really heavy. The croissant was grilled perfectly, the eggs were poached perfectly and the textures made for a perfect combo. Service was good, coffee was just right. 
Only downside is that I got the potatoes as my side. The we're grilled in a little olive oil, but not seasoned at all. Pretty bland. 
Great little cafe.So I can see where you could have a fantastic meal here...but I didn't have one.   We came in and were greeted by a server who didn't have a lot of personality.   He wasn't deficient on service, but he wasn't friendly either.   
I ordered the Bacon, Scallion, Brie, and Apricot Crepe.  I was actually surprised at how large it was.  Lots of filling in two crepes.  Believe it or not though, that was actually the problem.  My dish had AT LEAST half a cup of apricot jelly in addition to a good handful of dried apricots.  It was so sweet and overwhelming that I couldn't eat it.  I ended up dissecting it and scooping out big blobs of jam off the side.  It was much better and more balanced after that, but it was pretty much ruined for me.   
My boyfriend went with the Creamed Spinach, Sunny Egg, Bacon and Gruyère Crepe.  Same deal with his, though because the overflow was the spinach (something not sweet), his was much more palatable.   
Overall, I think they need to balance the toppings/fillings better and then add a small side of potatoes or something to break it up.Absolutely amazing breakfast! I was dealing with a slight hangover and knew I needed something a little heavier and carb laden. I had checked out Yelp photos before heading here with my husband so I knew there were some good things ahead. My husband did not know what to expect, and he was pretty unsure about the place when we entered. The atmosphere is quaint and not necessarily super warm. The table that we sat at was small, and the chairs were pretty uncomfortable. Service was fine, but not overly effusive. 
My meal, however, was outstanding. I had the Benedict du Jour, which was andouille sausage sauteed with peppers and onions over French bread. It was so insanely tasty and was heavy enough to squash my hangover. The breakfast potatoes on the side were also tasty. My husband, who had an initial bad impression of the place, played it safe and ordered the American Breakfast. While his was good, his mouth dropped when he saw my plate and what he was missing. He stole a few too many bites from me. 
Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to soak up any next day horrors from the French Quarter. Order something a bit outside the box, and you'll be thrilled!Had shrimp and grits for breakfast and it was super buttery, which was both a good thing and a bad thing. The shrimp were tasty though and the place itself had a lot of charm. A nice quiet place to read the paper.Wonderful little cafe. It's small maybe 10 table max, so get there early. Honestly everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing. I ordered the crepe with creamed spinach, bacon and egg, with a side of potatoes and a mocha, and everything was delicious. I want to go back just to try everything else on the menu.Enjoyed a bagel and lox. Great amount of all needed to make it delicious....capers, thinly sliced red onion, tomato and cream cheese. Salmon was cold and firm. Coffee was great. Enjoyed this brunch!Good crepe breakfast. We got a savory ham crepe, and a berries and cream sweet crepe. Both were good. It's the breakfast area of a hotel, and sort of feels like it, but its done in a sort of fancy old style. However we didn't feel uncomfortable coming in here for a quick breakfast in our biking clothes.What a wonderful little breakfast cafe!
I had a baguette with smoked salmon which was absolutely wonderful. The serving sizes are large, but not exceedingly so. The food is fantastic and very well presented.
I highly suggest visiting this cozy cafe inside the Prince Conti Hotel. Come for the food and stay for the incredibly attractive staff -- especially the handsome chef in the back. Give him a wink for me!1/18/16:  update. Since reviewing all the photos it seems to me there are inconsistencies in the food. They seem to make most people happy most of the time. Let's face it, it's rather a touristy spot so the crepe you're served may not be exactly the same the next day, but you'll never know -- you're flying home :) They do know how to cook eggs! The photos of the fruit bowls were consistent w/ the beautiful fruit we rec'd on visit one. The photos of the cafe coffees, etc. all look fab -- I wish that's what I'd received. In retro, perhaps Goliath affected them even more than I first speculated. i. e. supplies, being swamped by extra patrons, & (checking photo times) it being nearly noon on the wait-list-day-two visit. 
Compilation, had breakfast twice. 
The little French cafe across the carriage way from the Prince Conti's entrance, Love the toile, the octagonal tile floor. Fast it is not. Nice, friendly staff, reasonably priced for freshly cooked food. $12 average. 
Hubby's French toast, per waiter, was actually sliced bread pudding. It was a daily chalkboard special, as was my Benedict, ham & Brie on baguette. The French toast had chocolate chips, pecans, cranberries. It was delish! 
Soft pop vocals (Elton John) played. 
I sent my compliments to back of house -- my eggs were perfect. The greens were superfluous but pretty. Real ham steak. 
This visit alone would have been a five. 
My rating is because of our second visit. 
They may have been overworked because Goliath had left many of us stranded. But they just didn't seem as anxious to please. It was packed & we had a short wait. I immediately ordered a Cappuccino & when it was delivered (too promptly, wasn't that great) in a coffee mug, no matter apologies, I was disappointed. Pictures will show there were enough cups. Everyone else got a proper cup. A Cappuccino certainly should have. 
No music. Hubby was told "no French Toast" although it was on the menu. So he had the special of Benedict on everything bagel. 
Both of us were served unripened fruit, I spit out a piece of hard, green cantaloupe. I ordered the croissant sandwich w/ omelet and Brie, having the ham held off as I felt it would be too difficult to eat that kind of thick ham on a croissant, & I asked the waitress to make sure about the ham. Hubby's Benedict was served on undressed field greens. 
Would I give them another chance? Probably.The crepes are light and perfect. We visited twice for breakfast and ordered takeout for lunch once during our 4 day visit so you know it was good!
I had the creamed spinach crepe the first day and was blown away by how much I enjoyed it! I really would never have dreamed that the spinach would be that good and the bacon was perfectly cooked. The chai latte was also good.
For lunch we tried the shrimp and grits and the grist were also very good. 
On our third visit I tried the eggs benny special that had shrimp and artichoke and it was also delicious. Our group ordered an obscene amount of food but it was all so good!
The service was friendly but not terribly accommodating (one of our group wanted to order a banana and Nutella crepe and it was a bit of a pain to try and customize a crepe) and drinks were forgotten on our first visit but the food was just so good that we had to keep coming back!Great experience! The service was great! The portions were quite large. We had the Benedict special of the day, cheese plate and the Lox bagel. Everything was delicious.  Cozy place!This place was awesome. Recommend by the staff at our hotel for a late breakfast. Had the peaches and cream crepes and specialty Benedict with grits. So good!Location was very convenient since we were staying at the Prince Conti hotel. Our waiter Sam was awesome. Very attentive and friendly. We all ordered different things to try. I got the croissant breakfast sandwich and it was so good!!! It's very small so maybe not ideal for large groups, but perfect for our group of 4!I absolutely loved this place!!!! I had the Antipasto Benedict on Gritcakes! These are to die for! And my friend had the Roasted chicken, Tomato& Basil crepe! Also very savory! Everyone is very friendly and the coffee will wake you up after a night out of drinking!!!!!! Come here! Don't miss this place!Worst service ever.  Our waitress seemed to have woken up on the wrong side of the bed.  She barely acknowledged us, didn't go over the specials, didn't bring a few of us our coffee and even after my friend told her she was in a rush, made no obvious effort to speed up the process. A few minutes after our food came and before we were done eating she brought the check over and seemed eager to have us pay the bill. The food was good but in this case the poor service overshadowed the food.My experience at Café Conti was superb! I had the Shrimp and Grits for lunch and the flavor was out of this world! So delicious! Our waiter, Claude, was charming and attentive! My coffee mug never went dry and at the same time he gave us a certain much valued space! The staff overall was great, but Claude stood out as being particularly pleasant: a real pro! 
Amazing food and a lovely experience! Thanks Claude!!!Loved this little place!! Off the main streets, the food was amazing with great service also!!B r u h !
Service impeccable,
Presentation priceless,
Food fantastically flavorful,
Ambiance alluring!Good food, slow service.
Didn't want to eat at a chain for breakfast  this morning and found the Conti Cafe, one of the few places near my hotel that serves breakfast.  When I walked in, there were no employees in sight and I wasn't sure how to get service.  The valet from the associated hotel helped by fetching the waitress from the kitchen.  I ordered coffee and she brought the cup and settings but never brought the coffee until I asked her when my meal arrived (the next time I saw her). The Southern Benedict (served on cornbread with a tasso sauce) was exactly what I was looking for and quite flavorful, served in a moderately sized portion.  After I was done and the waitress brought my check, it took another 15 minutes for her to collect it.  To her credit, she was quite pleasant. Restaurant was clean, quiet, and well lit.
Overall, I found this 14 table restaurant worthwhile for the food, though the service was aggravating.
No conflicts of interest to disclose.Nom! Ate my bacon, scallion, brie, and apricot crepe like it was going out of style! 
Our waitress was super nice and attentive - coffee cups were never empty. Small little place, but well worth the wait!Great, cute little place! They had really good service and the menu has some very interesting dishes! If I could it's a place I would definitely visit again!Breakfast here is very good, i had a savory crepe and a delicious chai latte!The crepes are really good. Creative recipes with good variety to choose from. The staff is very friendly and personable. Atmosphere is casual. It's a small place but never really crowded. Thumbs up!Food was average, service was poor. Unfriendly staff. Also, felt rushed at the end of our meal. Wouldn't be sad if I never went there again.The food was delicious! Had the special of the day-ham, caramelized onion and apple eggs benedict and couldn't stop eating. Would take a pic a pick but nothing left on the plate!Great place! The crepes were delicious! The vrits are buttery and creamy! Espresso shot wirh cream is amazing!Good, not great. My croque Madame was really good, my friends chicken hash was also yummy. We enjoyed a pleasant breakfast in this cute little cafe. Service was a little slow and coffee was not good. They do have cappuccino machine, suggest this rather than coffee.Perfect benedicts!  Their crepes are awesome!  Exceptional service!  Highly recommended!Delicious, honest food- reasonably priced too. Great cup of coffee! Get the Grits Bowl... everything you'd want in one bowl... heaven!!!!This was by far the very best breakfast I have ever had in Nola.  From the staff to the specials it was a amazing experience. The food tasted wonderful and they let us customize what we wanted.  The coffee~ a 3 cupper!  Damn good eats!Not all the hype!...  I had the Benedict of the day, which was pretty good. my wife had the crepes and they were underwhelming to say the least. I would desribe them as a slightly thinner pancake than a crepe. The crab filling was good, but overall not higher than 3 stars. Crepe has to be thinner and lighter in our opinion. Mediocre service btw.Quiet and cute creperie. good sweet crepes but it's hard to find a bad crepe anywhereWe came to this place for Sunday brunch to end our short New Orleans stay. It is a small, charming place to grab a late morning bite. The staff was generally friendly and accurately answered all questions I had about the menu. We started with a salted caramel latte and the Aztec mocha. The caramel was delicious and literally like tasting a piece of candy. The Aztec was amazing as it possessed a spicy kick (I love spices in almost everything). We then had the creamy spinach crepe and the crab crepe. Both were very good, but I've never really had anything like it to compare it to. Generally this is a solid place for brunch and I wouldn't mind returning should I make my way back to the Big Easy.Absolutely excellent breakfast. So many spots in the French Quarter are over priced or under-quality. Cafe Conti delivered on all 4 breakfast dishes - eggs Benny of the day, grits of the day (shrimp, mushrooms, goat cheese blended in to make them super creamy & a sunnyside egg), croissant sandwich & eggs po' boy).  All absolutely delicious and we are a little food snobby ;). Great coffee and great service.  Thank you!This place is small but wonderful. Went for late brunch Sunday. The special was an eggs benedict with crab on a grit cake. It was beautifully savory. My husband had the ham crepe and was equally impressed. Quiet and out of the way, but still the feeling of New Orleans.The mixed berry crepes is good. The chicken and mushroom is ok. The crab with Brie is not very good. Coffee are nice. Service is on average good except for one waiter who has a rather intimidating attitude.By NOLA standards this place doesn't measure up. It is completely self service which is fine but something you should be aware of. The breakfast poboy was basic and bland. The place was empty and it took about 20 mins to get the sandwich out. There are definitely MUCH better choices close by.Excellent food and didn't have to wait to be seated for late breakfast (increasingly key in NO these days for me).
A bit noisy as the acoustics are hard, but every dish in our party was wonderful.
The special today was Benedict with Brie, ham and mushrooms - amazing.It was really a great experience for breakfast here. we had wide variety of items. everyone agreed the the grits were out of this world.  I had the creamed spinach savory crêpe. It was really excellent cream spinach, the bacon was crispy and the cheese added a wonderful flavor to the entire mix. Highly recommended. The crab crêpe's were really well-done with little pieces of crispy crab in the crêpe, again highly recommended.Best breakfast we had in New Orleans. Opens early and offers great service. My husband had the crab crepes with fruit and I ordered the chicken hash. We were very impressed with the presentation and the portion. The crab crepe had a huge portion of crab and he chicken hash was full of texture and flavor.Crepes are really good. Smooth and subtle. Not too sweet. 
Little shop that I love 
A bit busy. One waiter is rather rude.I picked this because of the good reviews and it was on our way to our next activity. The staff was very nice and the service was good. I ordered the croissant sandwich and my fiancé ordered a beignet sandwich, both were HUGE & pretty good. They both come with 1 side, I chose fruit and he chose potatoes which were pretty yummy, the fruit had lots of stuff in it which was great! The only reason why I am giving 4 stars instead of 5, is because I didn't like their espresso which was a disappointment bc I'm a coffee person. Other than that pretty good place to have breakfast. Oh! And we were there by 8:30am so it was nice that it was already opened that early.AMAZINGGGGG! They had "specials" which I decided to try one for breakfast. I got eggs Benedict over creamed spinach and mushrooms on an everything bagel. My mouth is watering just typing about it! This dish was super flavorful and completely perfect! If you like eggs Benedict I totally recommend trying it! The bagel was thin enough to still get a crunch from it but not over power each bite with bread. So so so so so good!! I also am a coffee lover so I recommend trying their Americano that is delicious as well :) my boyfriend got French toast stuffed with try fruit and Brie. seriously everything was super super good!! Oh & it's a cute little cafe :)Cutest cafe ever! This cafe is very small but amazing!! Definitely worth the wait if there is one. Delicious sandwiches, fruit, and good service. 10/10 recommend. Reasonably priced. Cute french theme.We tried the Nutella/bacon crepes, crab crepes, bacon, and toasted baguette. Everything was very good. The bacon/Nutella combo is interesting but wasn't overwhelmingly good. The crab crepes are overflowing with crab and brie which was an unexpected delight. The bacon was crisp and bread delicious. The restaurant was very cute and service was ok. Overall a nice find and worth a trip.Split the breakfast po boy and the mixed berries crepe and both were amazing. Definitely check out this place. You won't regret it.Conveniently located by our hotel, I decided to stop in for breakfast today and damn they didn't disappoint! 
Service- exceptional! The ladies this morning were super friendly, were constantly on the move and brought some life into this little spot! 
Food- amazing and super fresh! Huge portions! Wife had the chicken/mushroom crepe and I had the croissant breakfast Sandwich. I could barely finish mine! Must of had 3 eggs, meat, cheese, toasted yumminess! Wife raved about her crepe. 
All the food coming out of the kitchen looked great! Def recommend!Breakfast was good, but the service sucked! Luckily I had my own water in my bag or I would have died from thirst!Stopped in for breakfast with gf and her parents. I had grits bowl and absolutely loved it. Gf had the crepe with spinach eggs bacon, and the crepe dough itself wasn't very good. Tried the apricot Brie crepe and that was very tasty. I would love to return for the grits bowlExcellent coffee, really nice young staff and a perfect quick breakfast before starting on the town. We used this to our advantage while travelling here for Jazz Fest and not wanting to waste a ton of time in the morning. 
The coffee in the rooms is beyond putrid dishwater so having good coffee close was a nice perk.Wonderful breakfast that is truly one of the best in the area. The waitstaff are awesome and eager to assist.I m back to finish this draft after one year, as it is a really good tiny place impressed me. Based on its price, the quality of food is unbeatable. Soft crepes with lots of strawberries, Nutella, and bananas. Cloud-soft whipping cream. Full-size and fresh sides. The only weak point is it close after 3 pm, but based on this, it is always pretty quiet and you can enjoy a even semi-private environment for a moment.This is the place to go if you want to avoid the popular tourist assembly line restaurants that have lines out the door and ok food. Café Conti is a refreshingly small, quiet European-like one off oasis right in the middle of the bustling French Quarter. A delicious selection of breakfast/brunch/lunch items including the greatest grits bowl ever, unique Benedicts and a nice variety of savory and sweet crepes. Try the salted caramel latte.Cute, clean atmosphere with very pleasant customer service. I had the bacon, scallion, Brie, apricot crepe with a side of grits which was  outstanding. My husband had the croissant breakfast sandwich with ham and a side of potatoes which was also very good. Would definitely return again and again.Well disappointed 
And three stars is being generous 
We had the cappuccino- weak
And the crab crepes and an omelette- too fishy for us - could not eat 
Much better places around - had to go to envie cafe to have a second breakfast - much better coffee / foodPopped in for a quick breakfast and was not disappointed. We had crepes (banana Nutella and crab & Brie), bacon, sausage, and iced coffee.  Everything was delicious.   The service was prompt and friendly.  
The only complaints I have are the Nutella to banana ratio could have been much better. Soooo much Nutella, so little banana. And, the sausage. It was very good but $4 for one link of sausage is a bit much.    All in all we'd definitely come back.This little spot is incredibly charming. We were seated promptly at the corner table under the specials board. Our waitress was friendly and informative. I had an eggs Benedict special and was happy with my choice! Delicious! Coffee was great too.Excellent breakfast place! Great coffee, and we had the Croque Madame and Benedict of the day. I've not seen such perfectly poached eggs with glistening hollandaise sauce in a long time. Highly recommended for a tasty breakfast or brunch.Fantastic service, cute interior, & great food.
We ordered a Croissant Breakfast Sandwich(1), Lox and Bagel(2), & Mixed Berries and Crème Anglaise Crêpe(3). They were all served pretty quickly at the same time. 
1) The Croissant Breakfast Sandwich was rich & extremely filling. I actually shared the dish & we cut the sandwich in half - still filling. The ham was thick & the egg nearly an omelet from the thickness. It was a lil too cheesy & I definitely scraped some off, but neither of us eat cheese very much/often, & swiss is a bit heavy for us, so that might explain why. The side of potatoes w green onions were delicious (this coming from someone who doesn't rlly love potatoes in general).
2) Someone else who is a Huge Eater for such a tiny person ordered the lox and bagel & they were full & satisfied. The salmon was fresh & well cooked, the capers were alright, & the bagel was big and nicely prepared.
3) The crêpe was unfortunately cooled down by the time we got to it, but it was still yummy & sweet.
Overall, the only cons were that the cafe au lait wasn't as fresh as we would've liked, & that we had to leave nola that same day. Also, the check was a tiny bit pricey, but not as much as other places we could've gone to in the same area.
Would definitely take a friend here, & will stop by next time I'm in the area. :)Delicious breakfast! Pretty good for being next to a hotel. Pretty place, calm music and good service. Coffee could be stronger :-)Had special eggs Benedict- with brie / tomato- soooo good & crape with berry - not to sweet just right,& great cappuccinoThe service and food here was great! It is tucked just underneath the entrance to the Prince Conti Hotel. I was worried my workout attire would be under dressed but it's a laid back environment with a homey feel & good music. My breakfast bowl was AWESOME with super creamy grits. I highly recommend this place.Awesome food. Went back a second time and Had croque madame and it was awesome. Just what you need after a night of shenanigans. Oh and white chocolate mocha is nice and yummy too.The grits at Cafe Conti are better than any ever made by my grandmothers, grandfathers, mother or me. These are unequivocally the creamiest most savory grits ever to grace these lips.I had the Ham & Brie on baguette w a side of grits, yum! Grits were exceptionally good! Friendly staff, clean and fresh!This place is adorable!  You totally feel like your somewhere in Europe when you arrive...well, that is until the emo wait staff come to your table. Lol!  They are all sweet, but it's a definite contrast to the pretty and delicate interior design. The only other odd thing was that they had Elton John's best of hits on repeat. Lol. Luckily I like Sir Elton.  But all of that is totally offset by the incredible food and decor. Ahhhhhh...  If Yelp would let us do half stars, I'd give it 4.5....but I didn't feel right downing to the 4, because the quirks didn't warrant that. I had the crepe with sunny side egg, creamed spinach, bacon and Gruyere. Yummmmm....  My hubby had the croissant sammy, which he loved. And we both loved our lattes. Great place!The food and service was great.  We were in a rush to catch a voodoo tour. We informed our wait staff and they were more than accommodating. They made sure the check and to drinks ready before we finished our amazing breakfast. The crepes are the best. Don't bother with the omelette. They are good but the crapes are amazing.Came in for a late breakfast and ordered coffee and the Croque Madame with potatoes. Absolutely delicious!!The croque Madame was HUGE! Very tasty and quick friendly service! The atmosphere made you feel like you literally walked into a Parisian cafe.The hollandaise sauce is amazing! The influx of Seahawks fans may have caught them flat footed: at 9am they were out of milk for espresso drinks. The portions were good sized and the food was delicious.Found this little place tucked inside a hotel on Conti Street.  Loved it so much we ended up going back for breakfast the next day.  When you're in NOLA a place has to be pretty special to make you pass up on all the other amazing options.  Crab and Brie Crepes were incredible and the banana caramel french toast was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Staff was friendly and the food came out pretty quickly.  Can't wait to go back again!!I tried Cafe Conti over Labor Day weekend.
It is an out of the way place that both tourist and locals can easily find and enjoy.
I had a goat cheese omelet that was extraordinary.  My friend had a pate sandwich (OMG...it was so good!).
The atmosphere is relaxing and comfortable.....very nice feel.  
It is counter order but the wait staff is always there to support you.
I loved the place and will be back next time I am in town.