We ended up staying across the street from Cafe Henri, so it was an easy dinner spot. 3 out of the 6 of us got the chicken sandwich. They have all sworn that it is the best chicken sandwich they have ever had and always tell people about it. 
The other meals and drinks were all terrific as well. Also, the waiter was attentive and personable. It was an all around great dining experience for our group of 6.Drink was okay. But the happy hour Tom Collins cost 6 bucks plus tax...6.65 for a happy hour drink ain't no good, son. Also the happy hour menu has completely changed. Don't bother.
Scott is cute. This is where my 2 stars comes from.Opened recently and is one of the closest restaurants to my house.  Great decor and interior ambience -- they did a really nice job on it.  The service was prompt and friendly - we sat at the bar and the bartender was knowledgable about the menu and some interesting drinks.  The food (burger) was good, though a bit greasy for my taste.  No complaints, though given the prices I probably won't be back on a regular basis.Great little spot for dinner! Everything we had was delicious and the service was great. My boyfriend got the fried chicken sandwich on it and the sauce they used was AMAZING.Cafe Henri is a small wstaishmeny with very good service and food. I went there for Sunday brunch, the place was packed and although it was full of people, both inside and outside, service was rather quick. I thought I'd try something different, so I ordered the smoked trout toast, which was amazing, with the roe on top.  My friend had the potato has with chorizo and homemade tortillas...it was very good too. I will definitely visit again.Cafe Henri does an excellent job of creating a calm, warmly-lit atmosphere for all who enjoy no-pretense neighborly restaurant vibes.  The concise dinner menu shows strength in exercising discipline so as not to leave patrons combing thru rambling offerings; the range of offerings are about as broad as the eclectic array of fellow patrons you can expect there, a serious plus for the indecisive... The cozy space lends itself to adequate service without being annoyingly so. Tuesdays are a must; they feature a 3-course special of mostly "off-menu-items" and is so affordable, it just may become my new "post-Monday-Blues" weeknight staple.This place was lackluster at best. We ordered the burgers and they were very dry and overwhelmed by the bread. The menu is very limited and we actually arrived early yet they were already running out of items.  In fact, 3 of our 4 burgers arrived with the nice sald but the 4th had a pile of dressed iceberg lettuce because they had run out of the salad. The best part of teh meal were the fries. The craft cocktails missed the mark and were overpriced for what you received. My Frozen Negroni was probbaly the smallest mixed cocktail I have ever been served. We ordered 3 different ones, The Frozen Negroni, the Moscow Mule, and the Sherry Cobbler. They were dissapointing and not reordered. I doubt seriously I will return and suggest that if you are looking for a place to have dinner in the Bywater you skip this place and go across the street.Ok folks there's a new Sheriff at Cafe Henri and he's laying down the law with some great food!
Like many of you I'd heard nothing but mix reviews about this place since it open. Menu was weird, staff was rude, food was not good etc, etc, etc. 
That all changes with Chef Alfredo taking over the kitchen and a new menu that keeps things simple but tasty.
My dinner companion and I sat at the bar where we were treated to two great cocktails. The bartender was friendly, knowledgeable and guided us through the menu with ease.
We started with the Chicken Liver Toast, a rich mousse served on a heavenly toast with bacon jam that will leave you in a dream like state.
We followed that with the Glazed Pork Belly which was equally as impressive both in technic and flavor.
For our main course we were between the Fried Chicken Sandwich, Chicken'n Dumplings and the Louisiana Steak and Frites while they all sound delicious we settled on the steak (after a quick consultation with bartender). 
The steak was perfectly cooked and well seasoned every bite was full of flavor. The frites were crisp and lightly salted as all good frites should be! My only suggestion would be a slightly larger serving size for the steak since it felt a bit small for $27.
Very excited to have this great space once again occupied by a great restaurant. Will def be back!Manager Matt (beardy) and Bartender Matt were awesome!! Drinks - dope, service - dope, food - dope, ambiance- dope and great playlist to boot! Will be back fo sho!Cafe Henri came highly recommended but we were disappointed. Food was mediocre and they were out of several mains. Service was rushed and unfriendly and we definitely didn't feel welcome. Sadly, my steak was overlooked and had a hair (yuck). Wish I loved it because the space was gorgeous and the intentions are strong. They need to work on service and food.Not coming back here again. Menu was super small and they were out of items as well. Drinks took forever to get to the table... about a minute before the apps arrived. We ordered the Johnny Cakes and were very disappointed to find out it was just a pan of cornbread. The beef carpaccio was good; probably the best dish of the evening. Since fries were one of the items they managed to run out of, they offered to sub a different side with the steak and frites, which was okay except they forgot to bring out the substitution. They were nice enough to take a drink off the check for that mess up. The cauliflower rice paella was good, however it didn't come standard with seafood which was $7 extra. I've never had paella where having seafood was an option... probably because it would just be rice without it. It's too bad this is the restaurant that replaced Booty's Street Food. Hopefully the next one will be better.I take guests here on tours of the Bywater restaurants and we're always treated great by the staff, they love trying authentic gumbo and the fried oysters & carpaccio. The picky eaters are ALWAYS happy with the Henri Burger. For cocktails, the Manhattan has gotten rave reviews and I personally would drink the Frozen Negroni for breakfast, lunch & dinner. Great atmosphere, the design is impressive but laid back- a really euro cafe feel that makes people comfortable. Again, love the staff- their hospitality is what shines. Definitely great for out-of-towners looking for a gem or for locals looking for a cozy dinner or lunch.Underwhelming.
I really don't like writing bad reviews, and Café Henri wasn't BAD, exactly, but it leaves a lot to be desired.
But let me start with something good. The service was excellent. Our waitress was very kind, attentive, friendly, and understanding. When we sent something back (details below), she didn't make it a big deal at all. She had that item removed from the bill. She apologized profusely. She was great and we appreciated her efforts.
But I was still rather unimpressed. Our party of four shared the grilled avocado, which is more like a salad with an avocado on top. It was fine but nothing special. For entrees, we had two burgers and two pasta dishes. One burger was OK. The other was ordered medium but came out more well done. This is the one that was sent back and replaced. The replacement came out rare, yet still charred on the outside. I'm not sure if that's just their style of burger or if the heat on the grill was too high. My wife didn't like either burger and didn't eat much of the second one. The fries were OK, but again nothing special.
My sister-in-law had the shrimp pasta, which was OK. Lots of pasta, not that many shrimp. She ate them all and left a big pile of noodles for me to take home for lunch the next day. My dish was the brisket lasagna, which was OK (picking up on the theme here?). I had to request some extra tomato sauce because it was a little bit dry. It took an awful long time to heat up the sauce and bring it out to me. Not sure what was going on in the kitchen, as we were the only table in the restaurant for most of the time we were there.
Finally, we had the skillet cookie a la mode for dessert. It was -- you guessed it -- just OK. Not amazing. Not bad. Just OK.
In a town like New Orleans, you're going to need to be better than "just OK" to keep your customers coming back. I likely won't return, unless they're able to up their game.Excellent cocktails and a rotating menu of delicious food.  I have eaten here several times with my family and friends and they have never disappointed.  My current favorite item on the menu is the chicken sandwich which is perfectly cooked and topped with a savory coleslaw (and I thought I hated coleslaw)Came here for brunch this past Saturday with the girls! Definitely a cute little place! I found the cocktails to be okay. I can't remember the name of one of the cocktails, but there was strawberry shrub in it. It was fruity and bubbly, and it reminded me much of a bubbly moscato! I got the frozen negroni, which I didn't like much. It tasted overly sweet with a bitter aftertaste. But I mean if you like bitter, this might be for you! As for the entrees, my friends got the chicken bacon sausage, and I got the shrimp & grits. We also got two orders of the home fries-beware of the name. The chicken bacon sausage was aiight. It was flavorful, but a little too salty for me (side note: I tend to not like overly salted things, so if you don't mind a little extra salt there ya go)! All of us agreed the shrimp & grits was the better of the two! I really loved everything about this dish. Honestly, the best shrimp & grits I've had. So, so much flavor. The shrimps are huge and the BBQ sauce is dreamy. The grits are simple, but make great counterparts for the flavorful sauce. The egg was so perfectly cooked, like silky without being runny-I wouldn't have mind if two eggs were there. Presentation was cute! Back to those home fries...they were not as expected. Like when we see fries on the menu, you bet we're getting them. Except this time, they weren't so fries-like. They were just diced cooked potatoes. Initiate sad face and disappointment. From this visit, definitely some loves and some disappointments, but overall I enjoyed it!I would love to love Café Henri, since I live half a block from it, and I did love my first meal there, the night it opened. There were five of us crowded around our table. We all ordered different things and tried each other's food. Everything was delicious! Unfortunately, that has not been the norm, and since then I've found the meals to be extremely inconsistent. The good service, the reasonable wine and, alas, the loud noise level (thanks to the tiles; it doesn't matter how many people are there) are consistent. The food is not. I ate there most recently a week ago. My companion and I shared the broiled avocado and bacon appetizer. The avocados were not ripe and should not have been served. Then he ordered the salmon and vegetables--delicious--and I ordered the fried oyster and carpaccio salad. A big mistake. The carpaccio was tasty, but the oysters--all six of them--were MINUTE, more breading than oyster. The fall is oyster season. I've had excellent plump bivalves all over town. I don't know how they found oysters so tiny this time of year. When I complained, the waitress offered to comp me a second oyster and carpaccio dish, but I'd had my fill of breading. Like the avocados, these oysters should not have been served. Despite inconsistent food, I've gone back to Henri several times because it is so close and I really would like to support my neighbors. I always tell myself that I'd probably just hit an off night the last, but when the off nights add up, that begins to look like the norm. When it first opened, one of the owners was often on site, but I haven't seen him about in a good while. Maybe that's the problem.Had a fantastic dinner. Our table was not ready on time. A mix up. No problem, went to bar enjoyed a drink, and enjoyed watching the bartender,cute chick do her thing. 6 of us ate all over the menu, everything was a treat. Bill comes, no bar bill.... The owner our waiter said No Charge sorry for the delay. We will all be back. Thanks for a great experienceService was great but that was about all that was above average. Food was fine, but nothing special and portions (including our wine glass pours) were pretty small. Most memorable of all? The acoustics were terrible - must be something about the way they remodeled after it changed from the old Booty's decor - it was very echo-y and to top it off the music selections were bizarre. Might need a bit more time to work out the kinks. I do hope to see the place improve + succeed.Food is great. Drinks are even better. Scott the bartender is knowledgeable and super friendly. I would highly recommend this place to locals or visitors. Prices are quite fair for the quality that comes out of the kitchen and from behind the bar. Best place I've found for an Ole Fashioned and a bite.Service was good went for brunch food was delicious but I had the steak and eggs cooked to perfection but the steak had the sinewy strip through the middle so I had to chew the good and spit out the bad not something you want to do in public
told the waitress she didn't even apologize she just gave us the bill won't go back at 24.00 a plate for breakfast I expected some type quality control or an acknowledgement just the bill and no discount for the poor qualityAmazing no frills bar. No drink menu; just ask and ye shall receive recommendations and killer cocktails. Great space with lots of light. Perfect for conversation or reading.This is my new favorite place to get coffee in the Bywater. The barista, Alex, makes gorgeous coffees. The menu also has the fancily flavored coffee stuff similar to what Spitfire used to do in the French Quarter. Henri is using Counter Culture coffee, which is awesome. I'm no coffee expert, but I know good service and good atmosphere. Come and get yourself a coffee from a NOLA-born dude and enjoy his awesome taste in music. I haven't eaten here yet, but Alex said they just hired a badass chef from Chicago. Excited to come back at night. Liquor selection looks diverse yet very down-to-Earth. Yay.Cafe Henri is a charming gem in the Bywater neighborhood. Here's why:
1. Everyone who works at Henri is warm and welcoming. When you enter, someone is there to greet you with a smile and offer you a comfortable corner table or a spot at the bar. Shoutout to Kate and Matt R. for the big smiles and friendly welcome - they matter & we love y'all! 
2. The cocktails - I hope you're lucky enough to go to Henri and meet Scott. He is *wonderful* and his drinks are even more so. He always says his cocktails are made with a special ingredient (love!) and I'm certain he's right. They are consistently on-point. And then, there's Sophie! She's *darling* and she makes one kick-ass Cosmo. 
3. The food - it continues to get better and better and you absolutely cannot beat their Tuesday night special. ($21 gets you a starter, a main, and a dessert...) For real though, you needn't look further than the chicken sandwich. :) 
4. The ambiance - Henri is as trendy and cool as it is casual and inviting. 
If you're out and about in the very trendy Bywater, stop in to Henri. It won't disappoint.We had a very weird experience at this restaurant last night. There was only one other party seated when we arrived, around 9:30pm. Our server greeted us effusively, gave us menus, went to sit at the bar and didn't look at us or return for at least 10 minutes. When he did return to take our order, we said that we wanted to order drinks as well. This seemed to throw him off, but he took our order. He brought out our appetizer but forgot the drinks. He eventually brought out the drinks and our burgers and plopped them down and went back to sit at the bar and look at his phone. I'd ordered a cheeseburger cooked medium. I had to wave at the bartender to tell the waiter to come back to get my burger. He eventually returned from the kitchen with my burger, now with cheese, so now I had a cold burger with unmelted cheese. I cut into it and saw that it was rare, nowhere near medium. This order had turned into an epic fail. I had to stand up and bring my plate to the server, who had once again resumed his seat at the bar. I told him I didn't want it and why and that I didn't want to pay for it, but that I would have another glass of wine while my husband finished his burger. The server comped my second glass of wine but otherwise didn't apologize or seem at all concerned. There was something really off about this guy. Again, the restaurant was empty except for the bartender and one other party.First, it is a pretty room, with nice backlighting behind the bar. The chicken liver starter is worth trying, as was, surprisingly, the chicken sandwich. He best part of the experience was the waitress, who made you feel right at home.Great addition to the neighborhood...classics done well (steak frites, martinis) very attentive bartender and waitress. We will be back!We came on a random Tuesday night and found one of the best food deals in the city, as well as a new favorite restaurant! On Tuesdays, you can get a three course meal for just $21 - which is pretty awesome for the high quality dishes served by Cafe Henri. The vibe inside is modern yet cozy and quite romantic. Favorite items ordered were the Smoked Trout Rillette, Gulf Seafood Stew and Meatballs with Polenta. And the bread... holy moly that was some good bread.Absolutely fabulous! It was packed the night we went but the staff treated us like we were the only ones there. We all got something different and shared but no one wanted to give up what they had because everything was that good. Can't wait to go back and have it all.I like the new owners idea craft cocktail simple but upward food. I have tried frozen negroni and brisket lasagana, and  the fries with garlic mayo. Today I asked if they could make a Viex carre. (VU Caray). Very nice overall I would say try it out.A nice space (not much changed from Boutte's Street Food) with a cute bar. A bit on the loud side since the floor is concrete and they haven't done much in the way of sound deadening.
Last night was a bit of a horror show. The AC was not working on a sweltering night and everyone was a little cranky. But the service was phenomenally off. The staff regularly forgot things (more water, please) and things just didn't seem set up well. For example, when you're serving steak frites as one of the five entrees, have the ketchup already in little cups or just bring the bottle to the table, instead of every time having to pull it out and put it in a cup. Also, who removes a full bottle of tap water from a customer's table? If I could, the service would get a -1 stars. It was really terrible. They have to step up their game and get some training.
The food is a very mixed bag. Aforementioned steak frites was delicious. The meat was buttery tender, cooked just the way I wanted it, and the fries were tasty. There could've been more of the advertised chimichurri sauce (in a little cup would've been nice) but the amount didn't overpower the meat. 
Appetizers were an iceberg wedge salad with Russian dressing and bacon. Tasty if a little under dressed for my taste. The other appetizer was beef carpaccio on a bed of baby arugula, topped with a crunchy fried oyster. This was the best thing we ate all night. It was inventive, interesting and super tasty. The bitter arugula, sweet beef and crunchy oyster were a terrific combination. I could've eaten a whole plate of that as an entree.
Now the bad stuff. I ended up eating steak frites but had originally ordered the brisket lasagna. It was one of the worst things I've ever been served in a restaurant. The tomato sauce tasted like it had not been cooked (it had not been seasoned with ANYTHING), there was no ricotta cheese involved (what?) and no basil which was supposed to be on it. I took one bite and sent it back. The brisket should've been falling apart and was not. It clearly had just been introduced to the tomato sauce instead of cooked in it. One of the staff came over and asked what the problem was, so they were aware. It was godawful. I've eaten Stouffers lasagna from the freezer that was better than this.
In the end the meal was comped because of the bad experience, so they get points for that.  But only after the check arrived with the lasagna still on it. 
They could make a go of this space, it was crowded on a Thursday night at 8 so there is definitely a market, but they have to fix their staff problems. You just can't run a restaurant like this. I'll try Cafe Henri again, but give it two or three months.Definitely one of our favorite places in Marigny/Bywater.
We've been in for drinks and dinner (in parties as small as 2 and as large as 6), but never lunch or morning coffee.
The decor is really wonderful, and the service has always been excellent.
We had a cioppino, and it was outstanding! Some beautiful crayfish in there, and shrimp and fish in a nice spicy broth. Delicious bread came with it. We've also had the chicken liver toast which was very nice, the big chicken sandwich. The radish salad was good (not exceptional, like the other items were). My girlfriend drinks negronis and she's always really liked them here. Same for me with my old fashioneds. 
If you had a bad experience here, I'd recommend giving it another try. As for us, we've been here 3 or 4 times and we're batting a thousand.Small plates (tomatoes, crab pasta) very bad and too pricey. Hopefully entrées better. Nice space, has potential but so far not good food.Phenomenal brunch and really attentive service. Highly recommend checking them out for an early Sunday brunch.We had a wonderful meal and great service. The buttered radishes and vegetable tempura were tasty. For dinner fish stew, chicken n dumplings and shrimp/grits were eaten. To end the meal we had fried bread pudding. An adorable corner restaurant in the Bywater neighborhood.As I walked into this Bywater bistro, I took one look at the trendy, well-lit space and hipster clientele and immediately felt like I wasn't cool enough to be there. But jokes aside, I found the food well-prepared but over-priced given the portions. I ordered the shrimp and grits, which comes with three head-on crustaceans over a small bed of yellow grits. I'm not a huge fan of grits in general, but these were at least properly salted, if not as buttery or decadent as some I've had. The shrimp was tender and juicy, with an awesome slightly piquant flavor. The meal was pretty good but I left not quite fully satisfied. I tried a bit of the brisket biscuit and it was really tasty. Considering taste, price, and atmosphere, I give CH around a 3.5, but it's probably worth checking out if you're in town.Staff was exceptionally attentive. Had both the Pate and the anchovy apps and both were delicious. Fried chicken sandwich next and spicy juicy perfection. Finished with a phenomenal chocolate pot de creme. Drink menu absurdly hood as you would expect from the people who own Cure.  Will eat here every chance I get. Thanks guys!As I stand watch over the pot of non-boiling water to create tomorrow's half hearted version of "avocado toast", I can't help but think of the exquisite brunch I experienced on Sunday amid those jazz fest halting storms. For my gal pal's bday she invoked a birthday brunch at the super clean and casual cafe Henri in the Bywater.  We regaled in the newfound simplicity of the space and the star power of each plate. 
Our server showcased her talents of memory by recalling in sing song playback everyone's particular prep requests and nailing them on the uptake. She warned me of the bitterness of the Amore Amari cocktail that I ordered and I replied "bitter is good." Little did I know that by bitter she meant "old man with a wet mustache bitter". I spent the better part of my time coming up with different visuals to describe this drink which, clearly is for a certain audience--and I'm not it. Word pictures for this drink can be found at the bottom of this review for your visual image pleasure.
We had a few issues with getting ordered sides to the table, but service was mostly consistent and got us everything we requested eventually with a smile and sensitivity.
Overall, the food was the star! It's been a long time since I've seen more delicately plated, precisely garnished, precariously seasoned plate of perfection served. 
I have a feeling my homemade breakfast just won't stack up as I reminisce on this wonderful experience. 
-----------------------------------------
Go eat at cafe Henri!
-----------------------------------------
Other fun ways to describe my cocktail; 
The Amore Amari is like your Grandmother's needlepoint bag--careful there's probably a candy wrapper in there and don't forget there's also a used tissue!*
A Milwaukee basement*
*a cocktail that uses a shrub that is dank, damp and bitter. Similar to an aperitif such as FrenetReally awesome fries. Great strawberry shortcake. Really good service and interesting array of clientele. Would frequent if I lived hereTwo words: Frozen Negroni
Let's be clear, this is a neighborhood restaurant (too nice to be a joint, but in that same vein). Think of it as a 2016 version of Mandina's or Liuzza's except with carpaccio and soba noodles.
This isn't supposed to be destination dining like Commanders or August -- it is the kind of place that's open all day. CH is place where you can get a great coffee and a burger or a delicious plate of lasagne and a glass of wine, a place you can bring the kids AND get a killer cocktail.
They didn't overthink it. Instead, they created the kind of restaurant most people are hoping to find when they aren't looking to cook and want something delicious to eat and drink.Easter Brunch consisted of avocado toast and fried chicken sliders.  The sliders came with sausage gravy which was good not too spicy.  Avocado toast was fresh and delicious.Perfection.  Amazing food.  Great wine.  Excellent service.  Very fair prices. We had a three course dinner:  French Onion Soup, Steak Frites, and Butterscotch Pot de Creme.  And a great bottle of Côtes du Rhône.  One of the owner's served us our wine - very helpful and knowledgable.  The food was superb.  The cheese used on the soup was special, rich and delicious  The steak was topped with a dab of roasted garlic butter - superb.  The Butterscotch Pot de Creme has some nice brittle scattered on top.  All delicious.  Our server was attentive, helpful and fun.  A perfect evening.we went about a month ago. space is cute, slightly improved from booty's. but the food was kinda just ok. $15 cheeseburger, $9 glass of unnamed table wine, no vegetarian entrees (c'mon, people, having to order sides as dinner is lame). crab noodles were tasty, but the steak frites didn't have any bernaise like how they're traditionally served in French bistros. so.. they still have work to do.Really wanted to love this place. Service was very good (tall male waiter was very attentive) but the food just wasn't great and the menu was super limited. 
Much of what we ate was severely burned- 
Veggie burger- burned, overcooked, and fairly tasteless
Cornbread- burned on the bottom
Peanut butter pie AND chocolate tart- burned on the bottom
Maybe their oven was messed up?
I got the veggie couscous. It was pretty much a lot of couscous with a few cut up veggies (mostly zucchini but not much of it) with some butter mixed in. Tasted ok but boring and I could make it in my sleep. 
Husband got the brisket lasagna which he enjoyed but didn't rave about and the rest of our group got burgers which were fine. 
All in all the food was mediocre at best but three stars for he service.We were told a couple months back to give Cafe Henri another try. Even after their new chef came on board, we were reluctant. Reluctant no more! After a couple brunches under our belt, some craft cocktails, an impromptu dinner, and a burger Monday... it's good; it's really, really good. 
The staff has always been wonderful, and now the food matches. Thank you for becoming our neighborhood spot.Chicken sandwich,Chicken sandwich,Chicken sandwich. 
We were here 5 days and ate the chicken sandwich 3 times. If they were open before we flew out we would have made it 4 times. 
And the service staff is amazing. 
We will miss you Henri.  Until next time.Just visited this new little gem for lunch. All 3 of us were very pleased with our lunch meals: seafood linguine, fried egg and bacon sandwich (daily special) and French toast with blueberry compote (daily special). Wait staff very pleasant and owner took the time to come check up on us. We were looking for something local and interesting in Bywater and we found it. Check it out, you'll be very pleased.Went here for dinner last Saturday. Went here a couple of times when it was Booty's street food. Pretty much looks the same which I'm fine with because it's a beautiful and bright but still intimate. I agree with one of the other posts because it was a tad bit loud in there, which I wouldn't mind if the ambience wasn't that of a French cafe so I was expecting something a little more romantic if that makes sense. 
Things I loved: 
The beef carpaccio with fried oyster appetizer. This is phenomenal. The carpaccio with the arugula and a crispy friend oyster truly goes so well together. 
My martini. I ordered a titos dirty up martini. They did not titos but I was fine with cat's head. The martini was perfectly chilled and well balanced. 
Their logo. I know this sounds silly but it's so fricken cool and inventive. I took a snap chat of my menu solely because of it lol. 
My boyfriend ordered the steak tartare medium rare and it was cooked PERFECTLY. that is a huge deal. 
I ordered the seafood pasta and it was absolutely beautifully presented, but could have been a tad more flavored and spicy. 
The waitstaff were all attentive, pleasant, and great guys! I asked them to take our picture and they did a great job too
Things that can be worked on: 
Making the atmosphere more "dinner worthy". Putting it this way: my BF made the comment that it looks like a great brunch place. Since it is meant to be a dinner place, and I love the concept of it for that, it would be great if the lights were turned down a little and if it was a little less loud. It's a beautiful and sexy location. 
Enhancing the flavor of the chimichurri sauce as well as the pasta. I feel if the sauce had time to sit more it would have been great. 
The creme brûlée needs a lot of work. It was probably the worst part of the dinner. It was way too salty and the custard was not creamy. I haven't had a bad creme brûlée in a long time and this one unfortunately was.What a great neighborhood place. The atmosphere is clean and friendly, the concise wine list is full of gems, the cocktails are awesome(these guys also own Cure and Cane and Table), and the food!! Holly crap THE FOOD!! The best executions of what at first appear to be simple dishes reveal complex flavors and textures. I will say that the food has definitely improved since they opened as I heard that they hired a new chef. Whatever the reason, this place rocks my face off every time I visit. Keep up the good work!My husband and I went to Cafe Henri for Saturday brunch and had such a great experience (food, service and atmoshpere) that we can't wait to visit again next time we're in NOLA.  The place is a newly renovated space and has plenty of natural light coming in so has a nice open feel.  About the food....we both had the omelette, a side of bacon and coffee and everything was really good.  It was the best breakfast we had during our four day stay.  We stayed in the French Quarter and this place isn't exactly walking distance but you could get there quickly on a bike.  We had our car so drove there.  It's an interesting area know as the Bywater and undergoing revitalization, just outside the FQ.  There's plenty to see on the short trip over, cute little old houses painted in bright colors, some characters, shops, etc.  Whether you're a local or a visitor of NOLA, I highly recommend Cafe Henri for some quality food & drink for brunch, lunch, dinner or cocktails.The drinks are pretty good.  But they are expensive!  The decor is very nice. I like that it is in a neighborhood and in waking distance of where I am staying.A few months ago, I wrote a review in which I mentioned several unfortunate meals; however, since then, the restaurant has hired a new chef and, in several recent visits, I've  been very pleased. The steak is cooked exactly as you request and is DELICIOUS. The seafood stew is also excellent. Downsides: the wine is expensive--last week, I found the cheapest bottle of red was $45. And, the subway tiles make for a noisy, noisy experience--even on a weeknight.Found a piece of disgustingly long hair in the Beef Carpaccio with Fried Oysters. Very unsanitary to find hair. Food was replaced. Waiter was very nonchalant about it. Nothing more, nothing less. Would have liked it to have been free. The food it's self was amazing. The place is a must try if you don't mind searching for hair in your food before you eat it. 
We had a few drinks and ate the Steak Fries and Seafood Linguini. 
The other reviews on this place is on the nose.We had the shrimp and grits and they were fantastic, the best during our stay. The trout toast was also delicious. Further, the decoration is nice and the staff was very friendly. Great place!Cool crowd , great staff , the food was top-notch and moderately priced. The lighting was too bright but the place did show well.If you read some of the reviews below, they give this place a hard time. My experience was quite the opposite of what they describe!!
I came here for lunch thanks to a recommendation from a friend. So glad I did! The restaurant is adorable... Nothing fancy, but it's clean and the decor is simple. There isn't a ton of space between some of the tables (dining area is kind of small) so I can see how it may be crammed a little tight for a dinner service. When I visited, however, it was fine.
I ordered a mojito - not on their menu - and it was delicious! 
It was hard to choose what to order... The menu may not be very big, but I take this as a good sign. It usually means that the restaurant wants to use fresh ingredients and make things to order - and I was very impressed! The food did not disappoint.
I ordered the soup de jour, which was a type of black bean soup with corn bread, and my boyfriend ordered the burger. Both were scrumptious! The portion sizes were not large, but a fair size. We are big eaters, and finished every bite.
The menu offers vegetarian and meat options, for those who care.
The onlyyyyy interesting feedback that I'll give is about (who seemed like) the owner. Not sure what the reason was, but we were the only table he didn't come and check on. We watched as he walked around to other tables and chatted for a while - and he didn't even look our way. Maybe it was because my boyfriend was literally dirty (we works for Good Wood NOLA and is usually welding during the day) but I'm sorry: a dollar is a dollar, regardless of what someone looks like.
Anywho, I'm not going to let that ruin my experience... I loved the food and service, and will be back again!!I've been to Café Henri(I believe it's pronounced "on-ree" but this is 'Merica and the 4th of July so I'm calling it "Hen-ree") twice and at least 5 or 6 times when it was Booty's Street Café.  I've always enjoyed the space as it's a chill environment.  It's hipsterific where shabby meets fancy.  They have board games and low lighting so it can be family game night or a romantic date night.
The menu is somewhat Fru-fru.  I struggle to find things I like when I see things like Vegetable tempura with curried yogurt or marinated beets as 2 of the 9 menu items.  The 1st time I went I got the shrimp and grits which were just ok.  The 2nd time I went I got the steak frites which at the time had a chimichurri sauce on the steak.  This was pretty good.  I washed this down with 2 Old Fashioneds and had a good time with my table of 4.  Then I got the bill.  The table split an order of fries to start.  The women each had a glass of wine, the other gentleman had 2 beers and I had 2 old fashioneds and we each had an entrée.   The bill was 224.00 before tax!  Holy shit am I at Commander's Palace?  My cocktails were 16.00 each.  WTF!!!  
The service was good, the atmosphere is really cool but the food was only so-so and the prices are too high for what the place is.A new mom, an infant,  a pescetarian, and a gluten/dairy free woman enter a restaurant....
I'm sure there is a punch line in the somewhere. But the bottle line is that this spot was a near perfect choice on a quiet weekday for lunch. 
Here are a few reasons why it was a great experience. 
+ The menu was fresh food with a lot of options for my  pescetarian friend - and she are every bite of her shrimp poboy
+ The floor plan is easy to motivate the stroller though and the staff was helpful in moving this around when needed
+ The lighting with all of its windows kept this November day bright and cheery. 
+ My salmon was cooked perfectly. 
I do wish they had more opens for those of us with gf/df needs - in the end there were only 2 items I could chose from. Each of us spent around $20 for over tea and lunch. 
But if you need a cute spot for lunch or happy hour in the by water - pop over and check it out.We live in the neighborhood and have been here several times. Sometimes I'm happy; sometimes I'm disappointed. But I like(d) to believe that the caring staff made it balance out. 
Last night was sadly the last time we'll show up. 
It was before 8pm and the restaurant was only 1/2 full. Our food took forever...
As we sat listening to a waitress and a manager(?) discuss the soggy fries, my husband was delivered his own sad and meager steak with iceberg lettuce and soggy fries. Let's talk iceberg lettuce. Has New Orleans lost its ability to procure greens? I think not. I was at Whole Foods today and the lettuce aisle was full! Apparently that delivery did not make it to Cafe Henri.
The avocado app, the steak, and the veggie burger were all served with a sad handful of overdressed iceberg. Sad. Dinner was sad. I'm so sadly disappointed.