Off the beaten path New Orleans French-Vietnamese restaurant. I went with a group of six business travelers and there was something for everyone. Wonderful service and delicious food.I admit it...I don't eat at Cafe Minh that often, and I really should. I have been a fan of Minh's since he opened up Lemongrass on Carrollton in the mid 1990's. I think he constantly offers the ultimate of expression of traditional; Vietnamese cooking refracted through a prism of American and Continental fine dining.To wit, the Summer roll is still the best of that species I've ever tasted in the U.S. or elsewhere; it somehow manages to be taughtly constructed but loose and yielding, its outstandingly fresh ingredients combined in perfect proportion, as if Leonardo Da Vinci had decided to become a line cook in Mid-City and wanted to offer one clue to his identity. The diver jumbo scallops almost bury the lead, as the accompanying roasted eggplants are among the tastiest you will ever taste...and those scallops are mighty fine. 
        Another can't -miss appetizer is the crispy nutty oysters, which made me a convert to the oyster eating club more than even Drago's fabled char broiled ones.
         Ga Roti has been on all of Minh's menus from the beginning, but don't let its prosaic nature fool you; there is a good reason roast chicken is on most French bistro cartes, and this is the Franco-Viet version of that dish, with fluffily sticky jasmine rice standing in for pomme de terre.When I feel a little sniffle coming on, my first choice is Minh's bouillabaisse, crammed with all manner of succulent seafood and tasting of a collision of Marsaille & Saigon.
           The dining room has an understated elegance, but will not score on the chic meter, even in our humble little town. Nevertheless, Cafe Minh is a warm, lemongrass scented welcome to any and all who love tasty and accessibly inventive fare.This is a superb Franco Viet Fusion restaurant.  
A foodie will be very frustrated trying to choose just a few dishes on this attractive and varied menu.
We started with a Watermelon Crab Martini that was so fresh and delicious and not to be missed.   Spring rolls bursted with flavor.  Their version of Oysters Rockefeller had lightly crisped oysters on a bed of flavorful spinach.
We also tried the Nut Crusted Shrimp appetizer.
The smoked Lacquered Duck was my favorite.  The Braised Short-ribs were very tender and moist.  A Nut Crusted Jumbo Soft Shell Crab was beautiful and disappeared off the table immediately.  We also tried the Shrimp and White Beans with Jasmine Rice.   
Ambiance, service, and kitchen speed were all good.
Ok... we brought friends to Cafe Minh because of our excellent earlier visit.   Our second visit would only rate 3 stars.  Inconsistent food.... my favorite dish, the lacquered Duck was ordered by two of our group because of my recommendation, both later told me that they thought the duck was very tough and lacked flavor.
The appetizers were not quite as good because as we all know, older pieces of watermelon lack the flavor and crispness of fresher cuts, thus lowering the whole experience of the watermelon crab martini which was so good on our first dinner.  For the cost of this appetizer, premium ingredients only please.   
Our drink bill is always a little high because we prefer premium liquor... but this restaurant added a "martini charge" on top of our already high drink price, adding insult to injury.   I left that evening less than excited.The most expensive Vietnamese food in town is also, sadly, the blandest.
The service was okay, and the interior was cute, but they stuck us behind a wall in the bar area even though they weren't full and didn't have reservations.
The bartender (our part-time server) it appeared we had multiple throughout the night, some combo of bussers, servers, and the tender recommended two of the dishes we were interested in so we took his advice.  
I ordered the red shrimp curry (I order red curry most Vietnamese and Thai places and haven't been let down) and was told it was very spicy.  I asked for it as spicy as they were inclined to make it as I am a heat fiend.  
The lady ordered a crab dish over rice with seasonal vegetables. 
The presentation of her dish was laugh-out-loud funny.  A small pile of rich topped with a small portion of crab and WHOLE steamed vegetables that were still practically raw.  No seasoning,  Whole florets of cauliflower, broccoli, and carrot sticks.  She had to use a steak knife to cut through them and her chopsticks were rendered futile.
The shrimp curry had no promise after the first bite.  The curry lacked any coconut milk, spice, or consistency.  It was like orange tinged oil water with a slight curry flavor and overcooked linguini noodles--at a Vietnamese-French inspired eatery?  Both dishes were like $17.00 and left us hungry for more (more of something else).
Don't waste time or money on dinner here.I love this place. It's a bit "pricey" for lunch, but absolutely worth it. I always get the Beggars Purses and the BBQ Vietnamese Catfish. The sauce on the beggars purse is absolutely delicious. Also, they have 1/2 off bottles of wine on certain days. Love it. The vegetables are steamed to perfection.Get here early due to the limited seating as well as limited on-street parking. Their lunch menu is served from 11:30-2:30.
I had the spring rolls, which were crunchy, flavorful and delicious.  The shrimp and noodle entree' was so delicious and nicely prepared and seasoned.  Plus, the manager took the time to walk around and greet the guests.  What a nice touch!The exterior is plain, "corner store", and the interior is cozy, clean, and nicely decorated. The wait staff wears smart, pressed outfits, and the tables are fine, white linen. We ordered an appetizer of Crab & Corn Bisque, and our entrees were Scallops over Asian Egg Plant and Grilled Shrimp, with White Beans & Rice. Everything was superb. Expect to pay about $30.00 person, total, at a minimum. RJTMy husband and I chose this restaurant cause of the high reviews on Yelp and we wanted to branch out from our usual favorites. When we walked in, the place was completely empty. The host asked if we had a reservation and when we said "no" he walked off muttering and sat us at a table. This place gets one star because of the negatively pompous attitude that was so palpable from the moment we walked in the door. We left because we felt like we could easily find a better atmosphere somewhere else in New Orleans.I have eaten here twice now.  Its so good, I cant wait t come back and try another dish! I love the restaurant!  I do wish the parking was easier but that is a lot of N.O.
Had the Summer Rolls and the Lemongrass chicken!!This is a superb Franco Viet Fusion restaurant.  
A foodie will be very frustrated trying to choose just a few dishes on this attractive and varied menu.
We started with a Watermelon Crab Martini that was so fresh and delicious and not to be missed.   Spring rolls bursted with flavor.  Their version of Oysters Rockefeller had lightly crisped oysters on a bed of flavorful spinach.
We also tried the Nut Crusted Shrimp appetizer.
The smoked Lacquered Duck was my favorite.  The Braised Short-ribs were very tender and moist.  A Nut Crusted Jumbo Soft Shell Crab was beautiful and disappeared off the table immediately.  We also tried the Shrimp and White Beans with Jasmine Rice.   
Ambiance, service, and kitchen speed were all good.Wonderful consistently.  Great piece of drum pan seared on bed of exquisite veggies  and topped with fried oysters.We went for dinner on a Saturday evening at 5PM which was really early because they place started to fill up after 6PM.
Parking is offstreet and they do accept reservations and walkin's, however dont expect to roll deep with your 8 other buddies and expect them to have a table ready right away. 
Full bar and a great menu.  
We had reservations for a group of 8 and showed up late but I made sure to call ahead to make sure that some salads and apps were ready since my uncle was grumpy and hungry.
* The coconut shrimp was good but not sweet like I thought it would be.
* The nutty oysters were ok, but I dont remember much about it.
* The jumbo scallops appetizers and the Blacken Scallop Salad were absolutely wonderful.  I couldve had the Scallop salad by itself.
* The Tuna Niscoise Salad was great in terms of portion but I wished that it was served right away after the tuna was seared because it was cold when it arived.  I like my tuna seared hot upon arrival, but I think that all the food was to come out at once and so that's why some of the food was cold.
* The special announced to us by the head server was the Flounder basket and the Surf and Turf which we ordered both.  Both great choices.
* Do not order the short ribs if you are expecting bbq ribs, the menu doesnt say it's bbq andn so you wont get bbq, what you will get is the short ribs cooked down and tender, where the pieces are falling apart, seasoned with Vietnamese herbs, served with some garlicky butttery mashed potatoes and a smashing of cabbage and bean sprout mix.
* The Lamb was nice and tender cooked just right.
Over all everything was good but since this was with a group I am hoping to come back as a party of 2 instead of 8 so that I can concentrate on my food and not pay attention to the grumblings of a grumpy uncle.
A full bar for all you lushes and I do have to say that the restaurant has very simple furnishings, clean and simple lines.  Nothing ultra modern which is nice.
Located in the Mid-City area and right by the Capitol One building on the corner of Canal and Carrollton, it's a great neighborhood that has sprung back after Katrina.  
Definitely good food and worth the buck since the portions are good and not stingy.
Will be back for more.  
*** A note to some people who think that Cafe Minh serves Vietnamese food, this is a Vietnamese Chef, but that does not mean that you will find typical Vietnamese food all on the menu.  For example, pho will not be on the menu.  However, goi cuon and cha gio are there, but not what you expect.  It is fused with western style ingredients so be aware of this when you are looking at the menu.Up until last night, Cafe Minh was, for years, one of our favorite neighborhood haunts.
Last night, we were told about the red snapper special with oysters (I love red snapper). So we ordered the red snapper special. Then we were told they were out of red snapper, but had drum instead. We withdrew our order. Then we were told that yes, as a matter of fact, they DID have red snapper. So again, we ordered the red snapper!
We actually got drum. One of my least favorite fish. I pointed out that we really didn't receive the fish that we ordered. I even flipped my fish to show them the color (red snapper is completely white, this had a darkness, like, guess what? Drum.) We had eaten the oysters, and each had a bite of the fish. 
Management took off one of our drink orders and charged us $36 for drum(!) plus a $5 split charge. We did not ask them to split the fish. I suppose we should have made a scene but we didn't, and now are unlikely to go back. 
I just hate being lied to, especially as a regular customer. Cafe Minh will no longer be in our repertoire, and I will no longer recommend it to friends. For $41 you lost one of your biggest supporters. Shame on you.I went here for dinner tonight, and had a mixed experience.  There were things I really liked, and then things that I didn't like.
I ordered the spring rolls for my appetizer, and unfortunately, they were below average.  I was expecting higher quality, especially for a nicer restaurant such as Cafe Minh.
My entree was the beef pho.  It was very good.  The broth was very good, and the beef was good as well.
For dessert, I split the banana creme brule.  This was superb and I would recommend it to anyone.  It was my favorite dish of the night.
I had a couple issues with the wait-staff.  First, I was the only one not ordering an alcoholic drink, but that doesn't mean I'm not ordering a regular drink!  I had to ask the waiter myself for my non-alcoholic drink.  A staff-member also took my bowl without asking me if I was finished.  I had finished, but while there wasn't much in the bowl there was a little, so I felt the staff-member should have asked me if I was finished.
Overall it was a fine experience with highs and lows.I had not been to Cafe Minh in a few years and went here for a work lunch today. 5 spice chicken breast under lunch specials is what I had. No spice involved, chicken was fried very hard (or rather, batter was very thick/crunchy with no flavor). It was lopped atop a small Asian slaw (shredded carrot & cuke or yicama tossed in vinegar) on a large hoagie bun. There is no way I could have picked this up to eat it, nor was it appetizing. And I am all about chomping on a big fat delicious po-boy, but this was sooo dry and huge. My friend got the special, an oyster caesar salad. The oysters themselves were superb. The dressing was flavorless. For apps we had crab/corn bisque and summer rolls. The corn was definitely canned corn. This wouldn't be a big deal except that $46 for 2 people for lunch (no alcohol) - you would expect fresh corn or frozen so it's plumper and not dark/deflated. The shrimp spring roll was okay.
The young chick who was our server did not smile at all and my friend thought she hated us or her job - not sure.One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. Love the fruit infusions to dishes, especially the watermelon and crab salsa. Great service as well. Definitely have to go back for more.yes, this place is a little pricey but the portions are very generous.  i had the braised asian short ribs which was a VERY tender and tasty dish - really good.  i also had the crab and corn soup, which was good, and a ginger cocktail which was excellent (and strong, which i appreciated).i thought cafe minh was a nice meal; however, we only got apps and didn't go crazy. the special spring roll was very good - crab, lobster & shrimp, flash fried with a citrus dipping sauce. i had no complaints with this one. the beggars purses were good as well, so i'm interested in their dumpling skills. 
the crabmeat & sweet corn soup was not too impressive. it was pretty bland and not what i expected. sure i should have asked but i was more involved in conversation at that point. still, it could have used a kick. 
still, i'm interested and will come back again. i think it's a great place for a nice, quiet dinner.Amazing food, great ambiance and fantastic service!  
The menu is very creative. I highly recommend jumbo diver scallops, soft shell crab and seafood pasta.  The restaurant also has a great wine selection.
The decor is intimate and elegant.  The chef owners are friendly and the waitstaff is very attentive.My wife, daughter, son-in-law, and I (along with my grandson, Chi) had a great experience at Cafe Minh. The service was excellent. We had a ginger martini which was great. I had a special appetizer called a crab and watermelon martini. I'm still talking about it. Kudos chef on that.  We thoroughly enjoyed the entire meal. At the end of the meal, chef sent out key lime pie and desert wine on the house. Thanks chef for a great meal and the hospitality from you and your wonderful staff.I would give no stars if I could. Between the bartender's bad attitude and the fact that they were out of everything, it was a dismal experience and we decided to get the check after the appetizer. This was a favorite restaurant of ours in the past, but we will not be back.As a native, familiar with most of the good restaurants in New Orleans, I feel that Café Minh is certainly among the best. The fish is always very fresh and beautifully prepared with an assortment of vegetables and sauces. The salads, too, are wonderful. Even on crowded evenings, the service is excellent and the noise level is low. The popularity of this restaurant is well-deserved.I stopped in Cafe Minh because I saw a sign out front that said 25 cent martini lunch (no limit). I love cheap drinks! Lunch prices start around $8. I felt like Pho that day, but I saw a lot of good things on the menu. The Pho was good. The tables are close together (that I'm not into). I would definitely go back.I think someone's description of this place being Commander's Palace is somewhat true. It is the fanciest Vietnamese restaurant in town and of course it comes with the price tag. People from my table had different dishes, from basic Pho, spring roll, dumpling to what is considered more fining dining Entrees but my recommendation is that unless you have so much cash flowing in your pocket, don't order Pho. Get that from other place where you can get authentic and still pretty decent one for less than $10. Go for entrees! I had Ga Roti and it was great! Had lovely and subtle ginger flavor lingering in my mouth. Very clean and not heavy dish which will not make you drowsy after lunch. 
Service obviously was good as I expected since it is considered somewhat fine dining. We had 3 waiters taking care of us 6 people. 
Overall, good place if you feel like nice Vietnamese cuisine.Food was phenomenal, however $79 for 2 for lunch with no alcohol...??? We ordered 3 appetizers and 1 entree (salad) to share. We very much enjoyed our meal, but didn't enjoy the bill.I am really like this restaurant. They are not just have delicious food but the also have very nice, simple beautiful decor restaurant, plus sweet and friendly staff ! What els are you looking for when you are going to restaurant? I think they have all what I need:) 
I have been to this place 3 times, each time food are getting better and better. #chefminh #cafeminhI have to admit, I am not a huge fan of Asian food, but this place is amazing!  My girlfriend wanted to try this place, so I gave in and thought I would try it out.  It's a very nice upscale restaurant and the prices are very reasonable.  The owner will walk around asking everyone how they're doing and even strike up a conversation.  I like to travel and the owner does as well, so every time I visit we share our latest adventure's.  The staff is very attentive and polite.  I am very happy that my girlfriend recommended this place, because now every time we visit Louisiana, we make sure to pay a visit here.Wow!  This place is wonderful.  Excellent service.  Excellent food!  I had the summer roll (not fried).  Excellent! (It got it with fish sauce in lieu of the peanut sauce.)  The steamed beggar purses were delicious!  Then I ordered the nutty crusted LA oyster appetizer.  Exquisite and perfectly prepared.  All three appetizers were excellent and immediately served.  Good internet!  As this is not traditional Vietnamese cooking, but a bit fusion, it is priced accordingly.  Highly recommended.  Will be back.I was a regular here years ago for lunch. There was an amazing chicken with tomato and rice dish that I loved. Occasionally, I would come here for dinner. The service is good. Many times, the chefs would come out and greet us. Plate presentation is a 5-star. This place is a little pricey. 
Tip: Parking is a little tough during lunch hours because it's street parking.I have traveled to many places and have been to so many restaurant that I cannot keep track or care to remember. This Cafe Minh is amazing. I make it a point to stop in to this restaurant when I am in town. Not only does the couple Chef take care of you but their wait staff is very attentive to all your needs. The food is Phenomenal and the service is worth every penny.I was utterly impressed with the Grilled Shrimp Salad!! Plenty of Shrimp and grilled perfectly. I will most definitely return, lots of daily specials, in addition to many menu choices and a lot of my favorites.Had the seared tuna for lunch and it was good! However, I felt like there needed to be something more to balance the fishiness of the tuna. The presentation and the steamed green beans/cherry tomatoes with the balsamic vinegar sauce was good, but I felt like something was missing to balance the tuna. Was really expensive for what they gave me since I didn't think it was much better than the tuna they serve at Zea's.Ok I am officially an Asian fusion and Vietnamese enthusiast. I had the udon tofu soup and it was deeeeelicous. The friends I were with enjoyed the crab martini and laquered duck. i hear it's the best duck ever and from the looks of it it was finger licking good. The wait staff was attentive, funny, and enjoyable. I didn't catch our waiter's name, but when he spoke about the specials I felt as if he were narrating a crime novel. Fried Oysters. Stop. Oso Buco. Stop. You get the drift. It was great. He also ventured into some crazy mardi gras tourist stories and games he and his buddies play - what a hoot. The food was great - most def a fan. Oh and I almost forgot === mon to wed half price bottles of wine!!!! You can try that bottle that you've put off trying- they have a good wine list too!3 of us went for dinner and all had gourmet dinners - 3 courses which were all wonderful!
The Asian pear salad with blue cheese was exceptional and the pork with sweet potato and ginger puree was terrific :) One person had the shellfish pasta which was also delicious! The atmosphere is very elegant, but you can come casual. Service was really nice and our server had a great personality. Highly recommend!Great great summer rolls.  The scallops with eggplant was also fantastic.   The honey chicken was pretty good nothing incredible.  Friendly staff. Def go again.Excellent service. Veal osso bucco was excellent - rich gravy and lots of fat which is common for that dish and the wild mushroom risotto complimented the gravy. Oysters Rockefeller was great appetizer to start. Didn't plan on spending as much as we did though. We're on a budget... should have asked about special price. We'll be back. Lots of other dishes to try.The food here is amazing!!!    Between the oysters, diver's scallop, and soft shell crab, you can't go wrong!!!   The service was amazing and the owners are fantastic. They made sure all of our needs were met.  This place is a local hidden gem!  Do not miss it!!!I was craving Pho so I used my handy dandy yelp app to seach something near my location and this place came up nearby.  I thought since the restaurant was labeled Vietnamese Fusion- it would be a safe bet for a great steamy bowl of Pho. 
The first thing I noticed was that on their "Lunch" menu, there were only two kinds of Pho.  Pho Ga (Chicken) and Saigon Pho (Beef). Both priced at a hefty $10 also!  I literally almost walked out at this point, but decided to stick around a try a bowl thinking to myself- this better be good. 
I asked the waitress what type of "beef" they were using (the cut).  She said, um...it's beef meatballs and beef. She had no clue what cut of beef. Usually you get to pick (rare of of round, brisket, flank, etc..)  So I ordered up the mystery beef pho anyways.
The broth lacked complexity and flavor, other than being too salty.  The meatballs and, I believe, brisket meat was good. The bowl came out with the basil, cilantro, onions, and bean sprouts already in it.  On the side they brought out 1 slice of lime and a bit of sriacha and hoisin.
After tax and tip, a bowl of pho and glass of water cost me $13 at lunch.Make sure you have a reservation when planning to dine at Cafe Minh, because if not you will be seated immediately adjacent to the toilets while tables sit unoccupied at the front of the restaurant for the duration of the evening. I requested another table, but was told all were reserved (6:15, Thursday evening). You might be there for 90+ minutes, served cocktails, an appetizer, your entree, and pay your $103.00 bill without seeing anyone approach these empty "reserved" tables. When you leave the restaurant, there is no line, no one approaching, no one looking for parking, and the tables are still unoccupied. Several of the empty four tops had been given to parties of two while many two top tables remained empty. The food might have been delicious, but my party of three will never know. The smell of urine seeping out of the bathrooms combined with the warm humid air hanging over these rear tables robbed one of their appetite. Have your air conditioner serviced, deodorize the bathrooms, and treat your single middle aged female diners better.Cafe MInh lunch was excellent.  Vietnamese cuisine. My third trip for lunch, they are clean, quick and friendly.  My friend and I split shrimp rolls and the salads were excellent.  The Laquer duck was cooked perfectly and my buddy had the Drum served nicely. We ate all our veggies. They keep it simple on spices which is a good thing at lunch.  A great place for a business lunch.Tried to have dinner here on a Thursday night but was told we needed reservations. The place had 5-7 open tables and it was only 6:00pm. I can somewhat understand that, but the "snootiness" of the waitress who greeted us and the fact she had to have a 2 minute conversation with the host (who was sitting at the bar ignoring us) before she could tell us they had no tables really upset my party and I. Too many great places in this city to eat to be treated like that. I won't try again. And that is a shame because I have had some good meals there in the past.I used to work across the street from here and ate lunch here pretty often and I'm a bit sad I don't get to eat here as often as I used to.  Really the best way to describe Cafe Minh is as a toss up between a French restaurant with some strong Vietnamese influences or a Vietnamese restaurant with some very strong French influences that combines with some New Orleans Creole fusion magic to create some great things to eat.  This place also does a fantastic Bouillabaisse (possibly one of the best in the city).  The food has always been fantastically fresh and I've always enjoyed EVERYTHING I've ever eaten here.  The focus of the food seems to oscillate between Vietnamese, French, and Creole with the changing daily specials.  The interior of this place is far nicer (even borderline upscale) than the exterior would lead one to expect and I would certainly recommend this as a nice location for a date or other nice occasion.As soon as we walked in we had a cold reception from the male hostess.  When we received our bill and takeout box, we politely told the man thank you and all he could say to us with a smart attitude was mmmhmmmmm.... He was prejudice against us being asian, go figure. He was pleasant and warm to the surrounding american customers. That was when we had decided to leave.Desert time. Many many options and all are scrumptious. Every piece is a piece of artDrinks are good. Steak was over cooked. They did have a great dragon show!  It's a pricey menu with hit or miss quality.Go here. And go here now. It does not look like much, but the menu is robust and in the multiple times I have been, ever had a bad meal.The braised pork shoulder is sinful here. It was so tender and well seasoned. My mom got the curry shrimp which she said was good but nothing spectacular. Overall our experience was a good one!The food here is decent but not amazing.  I thought the shrimp were too overcooked and the salads are a bit odd.  They have a lunch menu which is cheaper than the dinner one.  If I were to go back, it would have to be for lunch as I don't think it's worth ~$20.  Our waiter was very friendly and amusing.The food is very blah... I had the oven roasted lamb chops. It was alright... 
Now the service was what really made me unhappy: the waiters were basically avoiding my family's table. We waited for a while until someone came apologized and asked us what we wanted to drink and I'm telling you the place was not at all full. One waiter was going around thanking people and taking pictures (it was New Year's Eve) he avoided our table. At one point they were giving out hats (we got some really stupid looking ones lol) which was ok but my 8 year old brother wanted the nice looking ones. We aske and the lady told that they were out of those hats and that maybe if a customer leaves one she'll GRABBED IT AND GIVE IT TO MY BROTHER. A minute later she sits a table of 5 and gives everyone one sitting there the hat my brother wanted! There were a couple of other people waiting our table and they were rude (mostly silent, avoided looks and refused to answers questions) only one girl was very very nice to us. When we left I made sure to let someone know that the service wasn't nice. I don't know why these people treated us like that! I don't like to look at races (I'm from the Ivory Coast and I've never experienced racism before) but we were the only black people there. After that dinner we went downtown watched the fireworks and had a great time. I was not going to let negative people ruin this new year for me. Oh also I would never go back to that place and make sure my friends do not either.I think this place is awesome! a little pricey but the food and presentation is the real deal.  Wait staff is a little weak and they could use a lunch menu.My five year old daughter and I just had a ladies lunch date at Cafe Minh. I enjoyed the company far more than I enjoyed the food and the service. Our waitress was very friendly and pleasant. Unfortunately she was equally as slow, especially considering the fact that most people are in somewhat of a hurry at lunch time. The coconust shrimp appetizer was decent but not special. I ordered Saigon Pho, which was just a fancy way to say beef pho. The pho would have been fine had it not been for the "beef". The texture, color and flavor of the beef made me question eating any form of meat again. My daughter tried a bit and said it reminded her of a mushroom. I wondered if it was some kind of vegetarian beef-like product made of tofu and sea-weed. My daughter had shrimp and corn soup which is difficult to mess up and was not bad, but again, nothing special. By far, my favorite part of lunch was the iced green tea with jasmine. That was a great drink for a hot day in New Orleans. I even ordered a second glass.My girlfriend and I had dinner at Cafe Mihn this evening.  Meh is about all the excitement I can muster for this place.  The people were friendly enough, but seemed a tad snooty when they asked if we had a reservation.  Reservation?  There were 4 empty tables in view.  Whatever.
Feeling the bloated sag of my mid-30's, I opted for a salad (albeit with tempura shrimp).  The food came out timely and looked good.  Big, battered shrimp hovering around the leafy greens.  My disappointment began with the first bite - wtf happened to the flavor?  The dressing was bland, though on rare occasions I could detect hints of what might have been depth and tastiness.  The shrimp was equally flavorless.  The tempura batter was okay, but the heaviness of the oil needed to be offset with a bouquet of flavor.  Leafy greens in oil wasn't enough, especially at $18.
When I pay more for food, I expect more.  This place was disappointing and I wont be going back.Cafe Minh gets an A+ for creativity, but they can be inconsistent in their execution. The menu is definitely an exciting Vietnamese fusion, so do not expect your typical pho or bun dishes here. The beggar purses, Nicoise and tempura chicken salads, Shanghai soup, and bouillabaisse are all solid dishes. This is like intermediate Vietnamese food, as it is a nice introduction to the traditional flavors of the cuisine without being too intimidating (i.e. tendon in the soup, aggressive fish sauce, etc.). I have experienced good service, and the atmosphere is more pleasant than most Vietnamese restaurants. If you are comfortable paying more for atmosphere and presentation than flavor or you are with someone who is afraid to branch out with new cuisines, this is a good option. If you want an authentic Vietnamese experience, stick to NOLA East, the WBank, or some of the newcomers Uptown.Best dishes, IMHO: Summer Roll, Ga Roti, and the Flounder Basket. I agree with the other poster who said that it's hard to get a bad meal here. The service has always been great, too!Great duck! Great "purses" appetizer and the pork chop was excellent. 50% off wine on Mon - Wed and it was a great quiet experience. This means wine is priced normally so don't get too excited. Mid City gem and fancy at not too fancy prices except liquor....I had a lunch with my girlfriend in Cafe Minh last week.
Eventhough I am a pizza guy,food was delicious. Prices are little more than I expected
but still it was woth it.
Only negative part was our waiter. He talked too much even i couldnot start my meal for 45 minutes.We went for dinner and had the duck and tuna with salad entries plus an appetizer. The food was very good with fresh ingredients cooked just right. Unfortunately the bar is hardly separated from the restaurant and they leave the TV on pretty loud. I'm not sure if that was because it relatively early in the evening or they just think that's cool. It's not ... if I'm paying $20-$30 for entrees I do not want to hear Jeopardy in the background.I came here for lunch with my boss and we ordered of the lunch menu.  We were immediately sat even though the dinning room was full.  I order the fried eggplant and mozzarella sandwich with a side salad.  The salad was delicious...I wish all salads were created equal.  The sandwich was ok.  I would not serve it with bread and maybe a more bold sauce.  Wouldn't order the sandwich again.  But, I do hope to eat dinner here one day, I heard it was great.I got a pork bahn mi sandwich and the summer rolls. The summer rolls we're good, but the bahn mi was subpar. Firstly, there was mayo on it and it was cheap mayo. Second, the pork and bread had the consistency of Chuck Taylor soles. Granted it was large, but it's quality not quantity. The staff was friendly, but it just wasn't tasty.I have been here for lunch a few times and always found the French influenced Asian menu very interesting with solid offerings. I went again today and had one of the best meals I have had in a while. I ordered the special appetizer which was a crab martini, a mixture of lump crabmeat, watermelon, avocado, and cilantro. It was a generous portion and extremely tasty and refreshing. Then I ordered another appetizer for my entree, 3 perfectly seared scallops set atop a grilled Japanese eggplant finished with a chili glaze, sweet soy sauce, and sriracha. Really well done. The only downside was the prices. The crabmeat martini was a whopping $17 and the scallops $16. Admittedly the scallop dish was close to entree-sized but still very pricey for an appetizer. I don't remember the prices being this high, but also don't remeber the food being this good.I have had the bouillabaise in the past, and it was very nicely prepared. I highly recommend this place but check the menu before you come to make sure it is not priced out of your range especially if you're coming for lunch.This is the hub of midcity business because of it's great lunch crowd with business people from all over the community coming meet to discuss business and politics of the day. It's a good meeting spot for people coming from downtown, uptown, and also midcity of course. It's an Asian fusion spot that does everything well. Although the white table cloths and atmosphere is a little odd the food is excellent. They offer a range of Pho and Asian soups but also have great larger course specials and even entre size salads. It's a great place to meet and eat and I never have a bad meal there.I have traveled to many places and have been to so many restaurant that I cannot keep track or care to remember. This Cafe Minh is amazing. I make it a point to stop in to this restaurant when I am in town. Not only does the couple Chef take care of you but their wait staff is very attentive to all your needs. The food is Phenomenal and the service is worth every penny.I Amin the restaurant right now on News Years Eve leaving a review. Why, you ask, do I have time to leave a review while sitting in the restaurant. Well, I have been here since 8:15 with 8:30 reservations, seated at 8:45 and it is now 10:10 and the only reason we received our appetizer us because we were going to leave. No entree yet. The service staff is attentive but nothing else happening.  Okay, just ate. Food is excellent. The waitress was delightful. Must be problems in the kitchen.While I miss Michael's Mid-City Grill, Minh Cafe is a welcome addition to mid-city.  The menu is sort of pan-asian, but I like to think of it as a kitchen sink menu with asian flare.
I had the red shrimp curry on angel air.  Curry with pasta.. OK that's different but good.  My dinner companions had the short ribs (my dog is loving the bones) and the lacquered duck both said they were phenomenal.  My partner had the veggie tofu stir fry and was very satisfied.  
Plus delicious cocktails (mine was a LARGE mint julep so thank goodness for spell check).  So Yum all the way around.The food at this place is sooo GOOD. !!! There is something for everyone. I have eaten here numerous times and it has always been great. The grilled shrimp and /or fried shrimp and oysters they put on salads if u order them are excellent. Their Vietnamese  soups are big and tasty. Lots of dishes on the menu to choose from . I'll be back over and over.Great staff, lovely atmosphere, incredible food. Order anything, you can't go wrong.Delicious meal, great service, wonderful dining experience. Lobster tortellini was perfect. Only reason I did not give 5 stars was the prices were a little high. I ordered the house Pinot noir and it was $14 glass. Seafood dish was $34 and lobster dish $39. Overall great service and food.I went here with family and the waitress that my table had was awful. I asked to order the honey glazed chicken from the menu and she did not let me order this item, after I insisted that I wanted the chicken she still did not let me order it. After 5 minutes of arguing I finally just let the rude woman write something down for me. This is the worst service that I have ever had and I was so shocked when she wouldn't let me order.My lovely partner took me to Cafe Minh for my birthday this year. He'd been before, and I'd passed by it many times since moving to Mid-City and wanted to check it out. Initially, I was thrown off by the weird angles of the bamboo structure surrounding the front entrance - to be honest, it made me feel a bit seasick. We were seated after a few minutes (longer than I expected to wait, since we almost had the place to ourselves). Our server visited us about 10 minutes later. Overall, the service was pretty lackadaisical. We ordered a bottle of wine (one huge perk: the bottle of wine was half priced! A very poorly advertised happy hour perk) and some appetizers. The spring rolls were fine, and the steamed beggar purses were really good. I ordered the miso scallops as an entree, and they were ok. My partner ordered the slow braised Asian short ribs, and they were truly incredible - and the bed of garlic mashed potatoes they were served on was the stuff of my dreams. Honestly, this review got 3 stars because the ribs and the half-priced wine existed; otherwise it would have been 2. I probably won't go back to this place despite the fact that it's in my backyard, unless I'm specifically going for a bottle of wine or the ribs.Food was taking long time to come out. My friend and I who are teenagers were eating here. We feel like they didn't take us seriously. People who came after us in bigger groups got served before us.Thank you very much for your kindness!!! My brother in law was having a medical emergency, low blood sugar! He went in ask for a coke and you A...H... Wouldn't even give him the time of the day!!! He left and collapsed a few feet from your esteem establishment!!!! SO F.....ing thanks for your kindness and help! Never, ever will eat food there. Probably as good as your service and heart!!!This might be the worst service I've ever had. There was little of any interaction and what should have been a pleasant lunch left me feeling that I won't be back.Food was fair. I've never had a bad experience here before but this time was it. The lobster Mac and cheese was great. Fish and duck were mediocre. They were out of lamb and didn't tell me until 20 minutes after I had ordered. The waitress didn't even know this.This is a quaint, yet elegant Vietnamese restaurant. I wasn't impressed by the food, but the presentation was nice. Perhaps it was what I ordered, but usually Vietnamese food has a lot of unique flavors that I just didn't get. 
: Shrimp & White BeansI'm not sure why all the negative reviews, I have never had a bad experience here. My only (and only) gripe is that people might be confused as to their identity. It is a Vietnamese/Cajun restaurant that frequently runs specials that are neither Vietnamese or Cajun.
That being said, I have never had a bad meal, particularly with those specials. Last time I had breaded fried oysters and a rib-eye with a wine reduction. I must first point out the rib-eye is one of the best steaks I have ever put in my mouth. They cooked it perfectly and it was brilliantly flavorful with whatever seasoning they used. They oysters were great but I was sorry I had ordered them because I wanted to eat another steak!
I really enjoy their noodle bowls as well.
The service has always been excellent, including one young lady helping an elderly diner out to the car, which I found notable and very above-and-beyond.My wife and I had dinner here last night, and the food and service were great.  The ambiance is nice, and the location is great for us, seeing that it is in our neighborhood.
We started with the appetizer special which was delicious and perfect for a warm New Orleans night.  Jumbo lump crab meat with avocado and cilantro, served chilled over large slices of beefsteak tomatoes in a wasabi vinaigrette.
My wife had the red snapper special which was cooked perfectly and sat on a bed of rice and julianned vegetables with popcorn fried oysters.  I could have eaten an entire plate of those oysters (perfectly fried), and the red sauce that it was served with (pepper sauce?) was amazing.
I had the striped sea-bass special and it was delicious as well.  Served with sauteed eggplant and purple fingerling potatoes in a balsamic reduction.  Once again, perfectly cooked.
We finished up with the vanilla creme brulee.  It wasn't unlike any other creme brulee I had ever had, but it was still well done, and tasted great with the coffee.
The pricing was very reasonable for the portion sizes and what we had.  We ended up around $110 total w/ tip, but w  also tip 20% pretty religiously, and the fresh fish dish specials are around $29.  Definitely more than the normal menu which runs from $14 - $22 a dish.
Highly recommend, and will be going back.Came here im during Mardi Gras weekend. Called ahead even to make sure they were open and not packed. We show up and the couple in front of us get seated right away. And then we were left to stand there for a good 6 mins. When we finally did get seated, no menus. So we grabbed our own. We waited about 10 mins and just put our coats on the leave when our waitress finally arrived to take our drink orders. Menu looked okay...a bit pricey for what it actually was. I was then annoyed that our appetizer came after a platter arrived for the party of 6 next to us...they ordered after us.  The food was pretty good. Not worth the service since Namese was so close and better (we should have just went there again).  Our waitress was nice, food was decent, but will not come here again. The restaurant was pretty empty and service was this poor.The food at this restaurant is usually delicious - one of my favorites.  However, I made the mistake of not checking out the NYE menu and was very disappointed.  While the food was okay, certainly  not up to par with their norm.  Since this restaurant is supported by more of the local clientele, surprised that they would do a touristy NYE type menu instead of their normal delicious menu.  At a much higher price, of course.Had a wonderful dining experience here with 3 others, we started with superb appetizers of coconut fried shrimp and octopus salad then I personally had the Slow braised Asian short ribs(amazing dish which was fork tender) and others at the table had the Special of the day Osso Buco with the wild mushroom risotto, which absolutely put smiles on everyone's faces with flavorful/fork tender bites of greatness.  Chef Minh & his elegant wife Chef Cinthia personally came by to say hello and make sure our meal was perfect.  Thanks again and see you soon, wish we lived closer(from Mandeville) but worth the drive from ANYWHERE.  Thanks again Chef Minh and Chef Cynthia, cheersLove this place ! I always come back here to have the charcoal grill pork pho and the duck entree. Staffs was very friendly, the decor and set up inside restaurant is simple and clean. I definitely recommend people come and try this place