So, obviously I've been here quite a few times. That's because I absolutely love this place. It's really laid back, you can joke with the servers, the food is amazing and it's just a fun time (unless you go with someone boring and sucks the life out of you). 
Now, unlike a lot of restaurants that say they do, but they don't, Cafe Freret cooks to order. That means that if you order a well done burger it's going to take a while. So if you're in a real rush, like 45 mins or so on a Saturday, it's probably not the best choice. This is a great place to chill and enjoy their amazing food choices (try the JBLT, my favorite).Cafe Freret does serve good, hearty breakfasts in a dog-friendly patio setting. However-- don't go if you don't have all day. The wait staff is usually friendly, albeit slow and forgetful. 
Today, however, we almost paid for our coffee and left after waiting about 15-20 minutes with no one coming over to take our order. Another couple walked in 10 minutes after us and got waited on. On top of that, the coffee server (a young airhead) came out and chided me when she saw me turning my head to look for a server. She said, with a very condescending, serious tone, "You need to be patient! Be patient. Someone will be here soon." My partner didn't want to find another breakfast place, but I was ready to leave. I don't pay to be fussed at. Never again.I have been to this local sandwich joint 5 or 6 times and I am always satisfied. The servings sizes are generous, prices are reasonable, and the food is always good. Not the best sandwich I have ever eaten but if you are near Tulane and want a good sandwich and a nice beer on a beautiful day, this is your spot. BEWARE: The hours are very odd and sometimes they do not have some items on the menu. This is a little annoying, but still recommend it. GEt the steak bomb, wings, cuban sandwich, or burger.Saucy's is decent for wings delivery, better than Wing Zone, but not as good as Jazzy Wings.Nice little diner tucked in to the neighborhood behind Tulane University Cafe Freret has always reliable meals cooked to order and great daily specials with breakfast served all day which is a big plus for me especially on the weekends. The chef is an alumnist of one of the top cooking schools in the world so let him cook you up something special like the shrimp stew which was excellent. The desserts are also phenomenal. I go mostly on Tuesday nights for dinner and a movie which is great under the cover of the converted old gas station. You may be tempted to just get a burger or bacon and eggs but get the specials and the great poboys like the chicken bomb which is one of my favorites. Oh and if you like spicy ask for the spicy housemade sauces.I have been eating Eggs Benedict Traditional and drinking Mimosas here on the patio with my most loved ones since I discovered this place 7 years ago. The staff is outstanding, the vibe is always perfect, do yourself a favor and visit this wonderful establishment of New Orleans. Yes, there is a bit of a college crowd- that is hilarious to watch during their hangovers, but its very neighborly and has an amazing dedicated long term staff. The decent prices are so pleasant to the consistent deliciousness, make sure to tip this team well.  Also Pet friendly!! but be a responsible pet owner and don't bring a dog not comfortable with this environment.Always a go to place on a nice day with the great outdoor seating. I would go for the brunch on the weekends as the extended menu has some good choices. 
Only drawbacks are the indoor seating and late opening for breakfast.Traveled to this establishment on Lundi Gras 2013 for brunch. The place was rather packed on the outdoor patio - which looked rather charming - so unfortunately, the server led us to the indoor area (if you could call it that). We were taken down a hallway into a room that appeared to have been designed by a goodwill fanatic/crazy person.
The walls were littered with cheap replicas of over-used classic paintings next to random pictures of pies. Of course, it was also filled to the gills with half-dollar store Mardi Gras decorations. Oh, and who could forget the random boxes that appeared to comprise some dude's storage room in the middle of the inside dining room of the establishment.
After perhaps a 15 minute wait because of slow service, we were finally able to order from our particularly slow and rude server. The menu was very sparse with minimal description for any of the dishes. I made the mistake of ordering the Buffalo Wings and the Muffaletta (yeah, I can be pretty nasty some times when I'm waking up after a night of partying).
We waited at least 30 minutes for our food to arrive, and when it did, my food continued my disappointing experience at this restaurant. The wings were severely over-fried and the Muffaletta was dripping with nastiness juice. In a halfway redeeming sense, though, the portions were fairly large.
The reason why I am not giving this place a one-star review is because the outdoor seating in the front of the restaurant appeared to get a fair bit more server attention and the decor was substantially more attractive.I have been meaning to try this place forever, and finally stopped in for lunch today.  I was in the mood for something casual, low key and simple.  This hit the mark on all of those points. 
I brought my ladybug right at noon, and there was plenty of outdoor seating and wasn't super crowded.  We grabbed a seat outside.  Quickly approached by a server, given menus, and drink orders filled.  I had the pomegranate mimosa.  Highly recommend trying one, it was really good.
We ordered some fried okra as an app.  Kinda bland and sysco(ey).  I'm from Mississippi and the bar is set kind of high on fried okra for me.   Lunch was a BLT, chicken quesadilla, a sweet potato fries.  BLT. Delish!  Tons of bacon, the tomatoes were good, and as any good BLT needs, lots of mayo. Chicken quesadilla, meh.  Chicken was skimpy, and a funny brown color.  No veggies (I'd usually expect peppers, onions...)  The salsa was Pace or something.  The sweet potato fries were good.  
The breakfast items on the menu are intriguing.  They also serve breakfast till 3pm.  I'll definitely try leaning more towards that when I go back. 
The service was good, I guess more accurately, efficient and pleasant.  
They advertise free wi-fi and being dog friendly.
They also deliver!  Yay! 
I'd like to give them one more star, but I have to deduct for so many of the obvious sysco products that they serve.  I'd rather you cut the menu down to things you can make in house.  I can make frozen okra and cheese sticks at home.  I hope for a bit more uniqueness.I love breakfast for lunch on Sunday's, so I thought I'd try this place. It took them over an hour to bring our food. To top that off, the food was COLD. They did take the cold food off the bill, but I was also annoyed by the fact that other tables who came in after us were served their food before us.
They're lucky they have the dog friendly atmosphere, or I don't think they'd have anyone eating there...This place is in my neighborhood, so its always convenient! They have a lot of outdoor seating and let you bring your dog. There is even a doggie treat menu!
I prefer to sit outside, as most people do. I'm not a huge fan of sitting inside- there's virtually no atmosphere there. Outside however, is usually pretty happening and you can usually find a friendly pup to fawn over. 
I love the brunch here- my favorite is probably the crabby benedict. It's eggs benedict over two huge crab cakes, enough food for two people when you get a side of grits. The regular benedict and portabella benedict are also very good. 
Any of the sandwiches are good, the club, etc. But my favorite is the JBLT. It's a BLT with eggs cooked to your choice. I always get mine over medium and let the yolk soak that delicious bacon!
Not a large selection in either the app or salad department, but if I'm going there I like the black bean quesadillas and the freret spinach salad with fried shrimp.I like Cafe Freret. Though, all the times I've been there, not many other people were there. I've been for lunch and dinner at peak hours on the weekend and it was very dead. 
Go eat there!
They have outside and inside seating, though I have to recommend the outside seating (weather permitting.) Indoors is a little plain and feels like a cafeteria to me.
I've always only had the voodoo burger, I can't not get it. Its so good. One time it was a tad too greasy, but that happens. Other times it's been nearly perfect.
It's the best place to go for lunch if you're in the area and want to sit outside and enjoy the weather, and the service! The servers are wonderful, laid-back but still attentive.Waited over an hour for a mediocre breakfast plate. I get it, it's mardi gras ... But visit the table, acknowledge, and apologize for the delay for gosh SAKES?!?  Ridiculous.This is a regular breakfast spot for us in good weather. The portions are large, the food good, and the prices very reasonable.  If you want a little help with that, they're regulars in the Entertainment Book, which offers 2 for 1 entrees and make a visit a real bargain! 1 (Maximo's!) or 2 (Freret) uses of the book pay for it.We visited this true "New Orleans hole in the wall", wonderful staff, delicious food, great selection (eggs Benedict all different ways) They are kid and dog friendly. The menu has everything from pancakes to a Cuban sandwich. We visited here on a Sunday morning at 10, no wait!! This was our first visit, but not our last!!Great place to go have breakfast with the doggies.  
Even at 10AM on a Saturday we can get a table with little or no wait because there is so much outdoor seating..  I came here first because of a Groupon, but I've been back several times since.  I saw something about an upcoming dog menu on their website where they have meals you can buy for your dog.... I haven't seen it, but they are happy to bring some a la cart scrambled eggs or sausage which I can give to Stella (the dog)..  They also bring a bowl of water as soon as you sit down.
Anyway, the food.  The pancakes are HUGE.  I'm not the biggest fan of of them when they're plain because they're so big and fluffy, not much flavor, but I've had a couple of specials with blueberries and those were really good.  They should have some more toppings for the pancakes as standard menu items.  They're also always on top of filling the coffee mug... which makes me happy.My brunch group wanted to go somewhere inexpensive so we decided to try out Cafe Freret. For some odd reason we all got different versions of Eggs Benedict.
Traditional ($8.75), Sirloin ($13.50) - Mine, Florentine ($10.50) and Crabby ($13.50) were the different Benedicts ordered. Overall the Florentine won for best flavor and the Sirloin won for 'most disgusting' 
The Sirloin says that I was going to get two poached eggs (check) atop freshly grilled sirloin steak (uncheck) resting on an English Muffin (check) served with hashbrowns or grits.
The "freshly grilled" sirloin steak looked like it was a MorningStar Farms Breakfast Pattie made with Soy. Yuk. 
We were seated in this little area inside wedge close to the bathroom. Yum. 
It is dog friendly - but I don't suggest getting a doggie bag for your pup b/c the food is just gross.I give Cafe Freret 3.4 stars.  It's not the best food ever, but it's decent.  There is a lot of outdoor seating which is nice, so long as the weather is good.  Service was decent.  My oyster po-boy was OK, and most of the others in my group were satisfied with their orders.  If I do go back it will probably be due to good proximity to my house.Such a disappointment.  It was fun seeing all the well-behaved dogs; this is obviously a favored neighborhood spot.  The food was very good; I had the Weaver Benedict, my husband the sausage gravy and biscuits.  Our grandson enjoyed his pancakes.  The problem was the service.  The staff wasn't surly; they were friendly and upbeat.  Very slow.  The coffee, water, and orange juice came right up, but I had to go to the bar to ask for our carafe of mimosas after they weren't brought in twenty minutes.  Our server ignored our signals.  I never did get a second cup of coffee, in spite of asking for one from every cheerful server who asked if everything was fine, and if we needed anything.  It took an hour and ten minutes after our order for our food to arrive.  We were assured by two different servers, unasked, it was coming right up.  Our grandson was extraordinarily patient for a three year old.  I ended up taking him for two long walks; one while we were waiting for the food, one while we were waiting for the check.  We'll never go back again.I have given this place several chances but the service is always painfully, painfully slow.  The food is decent but overpriced and definitely not worth the wait.  There are a million other cafes in this city where you can get better, cheaper food and not have to wait forever.I've been here twice and I absolutely love the outdoor seating and that it's a dog-friendly establishment. The waitstaff is prompt, friendly and helpful. Portion size was large and breakfast all day? Yippee!
Unfortunately, the food has been hit or miss for me. The chicken sandwich was pretty good. The sweet potato fries are stellar! Buuutttt how do you mess up a caesar salad? The lettuce was so wilted I had to pick some of it out. There was WAY too much cheese - never thought I'd say that about anything, but there it is. And the worst part was the dressing. It had the consistency of rice pudding and was sweet. Ick! I'm also not a fan of dressing served on the side but I know most girls like it that way. That salad just really ruined my experience but to be honest, I'll come here again to enjoy a long and lazy lunch but I will never again order the caesar salad.this place is absurd. I came to the restaurant after a run and asked for a water to go because I was severely dehydrated. they demanded a quarter and refused to give me a water. the manager is lethargic and an insult to all positions in the industry. also the food is completely inedible, this incident made me mad enough to elaborate. don't go there unless you're starving and only have tulane nola bucksIf you are looking for a good burger or sandwich look no further.   They are really good, and worth going to.  My only gripe is the service is consistently slow.  Whether its really busy or dead slow.I've been here a couple times. The food is good. I usually get the quesadilla with all the fixings. Definitely a large portion I usually have to take some home with me. 
I have yet to try their breakfast but I have heard good things about it. 
I would recommend sitting outside...the back inside area is a little weird. They have free wifi as well. My server has always been really attentive and the food comes out in a timely manner however I have never been there when its super busy. 
It's a good place to eat outside with friends on a nice New Orleans day. They also offer take out as well!This place is a must-do! Doesn't matter if you're local or visiting- get over there and try absolutely anything on the menu. Right now! The food is fantastic, the staff is friendly and the bloody Marys are delectable. Also, it's so great to go to a restaurant with covered outdoor seating where Poochie is welcome. I was thrilled when my server brought my puppy a bowl of ice water. The homemade doggie treats are tasty enough for people to eat. No joke! This is one of the best places I've ever been and I can't recommend it strongly enough.Not a favorite. Out of all the amazing food in Nola, this place was recommended for not being packed for brunch. That was true, and for good reason. Out of crab cakes for the eggs benedict, which our entire table ordered before being told it wasn't available. Also the first brunch place I've been that doesn't offer waffles. One the plus side, the hash browns are delicious and very well seasoned. Wait staff was nice enough, not super attentive to us diners sitting outside.Nothing too spectacular. I would recommend their brunch/breakfast. Big portions and pretty great omelettes. I like coming here after marathons or other races. If you have a dog, they have great outdoor seating and so many people love bringing their dogs.Sadly, this place is closed, but I wanted to make note of it for posterity. 
Product: Typical casual-fare New Orleans dining, including sandwiches, fried goods, and hot plates. They also had a selection of coffees and teas available, as well as soft drinks. I do not recall if they sold any alcoholic beverages, but probably so. 3 stars
Service: Sit down service, which was typically middling-to-below average in speed and quality. The owner was quite nice, and we actually became acquaintances after he shuttered his doors. 3 stars
Facilities: An old gas station/auto repair shop that was decades-old but refurbished, the storefront had opened (according to the tale told by the owner to me personally) just before Hurricane Katrina. He subsequently re-opened ASAP after the storm and was a central hub for first responders in the area to relax in-between shifts. 
The business itself had covered outdoor seating (not sure if there was any inside, as I never went in) where the gas pumps were likely placed when it was a gas station. The kitchen was on the inside, and one could order to go at that counter. Dogs were welcomed. 3 stars
Overall: If this place were still open, I'd go to it, as it was really the only decent local dining option within walking distance of my current home. 3 starsOfficially one of the Food Hounds' favorite new places to eat in the Big Easy... Café Freret on Freret Street is a literal diamond in the rough!  Just a few blocks away from Tulane University; you can easily see why this is a hot spot for college kids and locals alike.  Although they have indoor seating, we chose to dine outdoors on their large patio as the fresh air and cool breeze made this experience even better!  It was astounding to watch the array of different people that this restaurant caters to; young... old... furry...?!?  Yea, I DID say furry - Café Freret happens to be PET friendly!  Not only can you enjoy terrific weather and fantastic food; but your favorite furry friend can enjoy their own personal treats baked in house especially for them!  As we were there during Brunch; we figured we would try a sampling of their breakfast before diving into their delectable lunch menu!  The server on hand was not only friendly; but extremely knowledgeable and pointed us in all the right directions... a testament to the repeat clientele that frequents the café.
So, their breakfast (which happens to be served ANYTIME) had SO much to choose from - we opted for the Steak and Eggs.  A heaping ten ounces of juicy and lightly seasoned Flatiron steak with a hint of cayenne pepper was paired with a hefty helping of two large eggs over-medium (Mmm), slightly crispy Hash browns spiced to perfection and beyond delicious (BEST un-fried hash browns I've EVER had); and a fresh homemade Biscuit that was buttery and flaky - SO good!  For the segue into the lunch menu, we sampled the house made Cracked Black Pepper Onion Rings - HOLY COW!  These babies were full of flavor behavior in every crunchy bite... must have!  Moving right along to the Chef's signature sandwiches that included the New Orleans Chickenbomb and Steakbomb... uh-huh; I had to try both!  The Steakbomb's meaty portions were incredibly generous; unreal mounds of juicy, shaved steak seasoned with special care with love for every bite; then smothered in cheesy Swiss, peppers, onions and stuffed into an over-sized toasted French bread doused with a helping of some BOSS Creole mayo!  Now the Chickenbomb also blew my mind - huge portions of juicy chicken breasts shaved down to create a perfect matrimony of flavor!  The seasoned chicken's flavors taste all-natural and lose nothing in translation from breast to shredding; uber-delish!   Served with chips on the side of each, they are both harbingers of intense flavor behavior!
Although we were already stuffed like a Thanksgiving Day Turkey... it was imperative that we had one of the neighborhood favorites - the Black and Blue VooDoo Burger!  Let me first start by saying that this burger was unbelievable... a ginormous half-pound of moist meat drowning in a loaded heap of delectability!  The melted bleu cheese offered a shot of pungent and savory wonderfulness in each nibble, as the bacon tickled my very particular taste buds with nuances of smoky goodness.  Add onions, mushrooms, pickles and a Creole Mayo to create an orgasmic mouth watering experience!  No matter what age you are or walk of life you are from, Café Freret is a perfect restaurant to get your grub on at any time of day!  If you are a student; they have FREE Wi-Fi available for their diners and a small parking lot for those who don't come in by foot.  A must go when in the vicinity; I wouldn't miss this spot EVER!The food was good but service was real slow, our order was messed up and there were so many flies surrounding us the entire time which ruined the meal so outside seating may not be the best choice.The place is a Tulane staple, based mostly on its proximity and its acceptance of "NolaBucks." The food is fine but not much more, and I appreciate the outdoor seating.
One really great thing about Cafe Freret is that dogs are welcome! They even have treats.A perfect eggs Benedict that cured a bad hangover from jazzfest day number one. The prices are reasonable and service is good. But as most places that are good there might be a wait especially if you are looking for outdoor seating. So if you don't mind eating inside which 8 of us after drinking needed to this place was just right. I also like the fact that this restaurant is off the beaten path a little makes, a locals joint even though I am not a local I like to try what they actually like; so it made it a little more appealing in my book.I am a frequent vistor to this eclectic neighborhood cafe.  The food is great, not just good but really great.  The VooDoo Chicken sandwich is delicious, as are the hamburgers and the Poboys.  Everything is really fresh.  The breakfast is awesome. I especially love the French Toast.  If you are really hungry, the steak and eggs is a must have as are the herb laced hash browns. The last few times I was there, they were serving Mimosas. A perfect way to spend a lazy Sunday morning.  As the other reviewers mentioned, the staff is really friendly and accommodating. They even allow pets and will serve them water and food!  A truly wonderful New Orleans experience.  Don't miss it!As soon as I sat down with my golden retriever, my server greeted my dog with a bowl of water. That was so nice of her. I ordered the Freret breakfast. Two eggs over easy with hash-browns and wheat bread. The hash-browns were AMAZING. Everyone wanted to pet my dog and I made conversation with a few tables. Great experience and a great crowd. Definitely coming back. Staff was very kind.I've been here twice since recently moving to the neighborhood.  The food is mediocre, the service is friendly yet inattentive, and if you aren't lucky enough to snag a seat on the patio, you are forced to sit in a humid dining room at an un-wiped table, listening to the kitchen's radio.
The first time I went, I had to wait over 20 minutes for my bill.  Eventually, I got up and chased a waitress down.  She was apologetic, but they weren't nearly busy enough to warrant that kind of inattentiveness.
As our Saturday brunch, my boyfriend ordered a ceasar salad, an English muffin and a poinsettia cocktail.  What arrived was a bowl of romaine sprinkled liberally with generic, powdered Parmesan, croutons and some sort of congealed, inedible, raw garlic and mayo "dressing".  His champagne was mixed with a weird ocean spray cran-apple-grape cornsyrup-y business (champagne and cranberry would have been refreshing and good, this tasted like a children's drink) and his English muffin was un-toasted and stale.  He is not one to complain about food, but the disappointment was painted across his face and he audibly groaned when he tasted the dressing. (He asked me to taste it to see whether or not it was tapioca pudding.) 
I got an an la carte serving of hash browns (which was good -- shredded, a little under done, but not terrible, and sprinkled with rosemary) and an egg over easy.  The yolk on the egg was solid.  My mimosa was fine.
If any one of our issues had presented itself alone, it would have easily been over looked.  But all together, this nothing-quite-right meal cost us $20, not including tip. 
We regret that we won't be going back.I have now come here twice and loved it. First time I split a French toast and and traditional eggs Benedict with my boyfriend. Both of us loved it. This time I just stopped for a mimosa and some mots sticks. Same server both times, she is very sweet and pleasant. 
Brought my dogs this time and the first thing that was brought out to me when I sat down was a dog bowl full of ice water. I am greatful for that.
Overall just a nice place to relax and enjoy your meal.
I would not recommend going here if you are in a super rush, but on the same note, if you are in a "rush" you should not be stopping at a restaurant to eat.I have been here 4 times and I have enjoyed it everytime with a restaurant.com certificate. The food is kind of pricey, but worth it. 
The brunch on Saturdays and Sundays with eggs benedict are pretty good. I didn't find the crab cakes a major "wow," but the hollandaise sauce is pretty smooth and complimentary.  The service is great everytime. There are times where they are really busy and understaffed, but the experience never suffered (if you've been a server). The burger with swiss cheese and mushrooms is really tasty.
The only thing I have not enjoyed at all is the muffaletta. WAY too salty. There are better places in New Orleans for that.
The tiramisu is really good.Awful.  Probably the worst dining experience my friend and I have ever had (he actually rates it worst that the "cowboy burger" experience which he swears has messed up his digestive system for 7 years now).  Obviously any 3+ star reviewer did not, I repeat did not have the eggs benedict.  The hollandaise sauce was terrible.  It tasted like it came from a bottle (possibly stored in a cellar in a dark dungeon forgotten for years).  It was both gelatinous and bland.  I even tried to scrape it off but it was so gloopy that it attached to everything and made anything it touched inedible.  While on the other hand the hashbrowns were awful for the opposite reason.  They were WAY too seasoned with the weirdest mixture of seasonings I have ever tasted.  They were so overseasoned they literally looked green.  Crispy and perfectly cooked but so overseasoned I couldn't eat them, and I love a well cooked potato!  The only delicous part of the meal: the coffee.  The only reason we went there was because we had a gift certificate from restaurant.com but even with $23 off our meal, we thoroughly regretted our choice.  The entire rest of the day we pondered how they could mess up a meal so badly (at one point we were convinced a sort of anti-ratatouille raccoon must have had a hand in that disaster).  This is New Orleans.  My home sweet home.  We do food MUCH better than this! I hope no tourist experiences this place and believes it represents anything like what NOLA truly has to offer.  The only saving grace: The service was friendly (that was the one star they earned).Cafe Freret is a staple with its dog friendly, slightly rustic ambience. There weekend benedicts are worthwhile as are the huge pancakes and French toast. Iced coffee is good and huge, just like you need it on a weekend morning.I was here recently for a show by Danny O'Flaherty & Noel Nash. The place was packed to the brim, and the staff was a bit short handed. The food was excellent as always. I had the "Black & Blue Voodoo" burger with a side of fried okra. My friends had the pancakes for one, some sort of granola & fruit thing for the other, and an order of cheese fries for the table. Despite being busier than the proverbial one-legged man in a backside kicking contest, they got our orders right. (No mushrooms on my burger, no yogurt on the granola, and no spices on the fries)Such a hidden gem in uptown. The JBLT and Bleu Voodoo are a must, as well as the Chai Tea Latte. Prices are excellent and service was superb.I experienced Cafe Freret this past weekend visiting my friend Nicole in New Orleans. After viewing their delectable menu, I chose the J.B.L.T. A double decker BLT with an egg done to your liking. I chose over easy and the dish comes with chips, or fries or sweet fries for just a few bucks extra. DELICIOUS. I don't even think delicious describes this sandwich accurately. Heavenly is more of the word.
This divey restaurant is located off the beaten path but curns out some of the most savory and flavorful dishes in New Orleans. I highly recommend you try it.Pros:
Nice patio. 
Pets allowed. 
Friendly service
Cons:
Food just ok. 
Prices a tad on the high side for lunch.I used to go to a bar at this location, oh many moons ago, and once saw a professor passed out on the bar. So the location has that bit of nostalgia going for it.
I ordered an iced tea and a egg sandwich. One of the servers was great; the other one seemed to be off in her own universe. I had been seated for about 15-20 minutes when she finally noticed me. Luckily, the on-top-of-it server had already taken my order. 
The space is great if the weather is good. You eat outside under the covering of a 1940s gas station...y'know where the pumps would be. And it's dog friendly which is nice.
But my food was pretty indifferent. I arrived poorly assembled and with inedible tomatoes
Would I stop in again? Maybe on a beautiful day but just don't expect great food.This place is a complete RIPOFF.  They intentionally apply a 17.3% sales tax to your bill instead of the legal sales tax rate.  This shady business has no respect for their customers, and acted offended when I pointed out they are charging nearly double the tax rate they are allowed to charge under law.Excellent sausage gravy and biscuits, plus they absolutely know how to fry their okra and make their grits! I was not a big fan of their steak Benedict.....decent brunch. I'll have to try their lunch menu next time.....the shrimp Po boys and their classic bacon burgers smelled divine!I've been debating updating my review based on one bad experience out of many. My last review was 4 stars. This time I am giving 3. I didn't want to bash them even though I had a bad experience today and you'll see why. 
First of all I only got three hours of sleep last night. Secondly I woke up early and I had an hour drive before I was able to make it to any breakfast estimation. The reason this is important for me to explain is because I was extremely hungry by the time I arrived. I sat down around 11:50 this morning. my server did not take my order until 12. My food did not arrive until 12:25.  By the time I got my food I Felt sick to my stomach and could eat anything that was remotely edible. Or so I thought... 
When I finally received my food I was relieved but then immediately disappointed to visually see that my eggs were runny. When I ordered my eggs I said I wanted them "over easy/over medium". I assume usually whenever someone says over medium it means that they are serious about not having any "runny-ness". As soon as I cut through the eggs the undercooked liquid came pouring out. 
Everyone has their way of eating their breakfast. Everyone has their pet peeves and their way of doing things. The way I like to eat my eggs is to cut around the yolk, Cut the white part into pieces, and dip my whites into the yolk. Then I take the second yolk put it on top of my hashbrowns and "stab" the yolk so that it pours over the hashbrowns kind of like a sauce. Well if you look at my picture this didn't work out very well. And it tasted worse than what it looks. 
So for breakfast all I had was the biscuit, some of the bacon, and I picked up the hashbrowns. And I did not eat all the hashbrowns because I like my yolk poured over. 
I know it's a sad sad story. However despite my disappointment I simply asked for my check and was ready to go on my way. I was not going to say anything I was simply just not going to come back. Not anytime soon at least. 
Nevertheless on my server came around and I asked her to bring me my check she noticed that my plate was still pretty full and that I had barely eaten anything. She asked me if something was wrong. I wasn't going to make a big deal out of it and I didn't want to so all I said was something along the lines of: "the eggs were so runny I couldn't eat them. They just did not taste good. Very bland." 
She apologized. And I know there was no need for that because I know she didn't cook them and I did not want to take it out on her because that wouldn't be fair. I was a server for two years, so I feel I am very understanding. 
She came back with my check and said that she only charged me for the biscuit which was $3.50 and then she apologized again. I did not expect that at all. They did not have to do that so I seriously take that into consideration while I wrote this review. 
So out of the possible 10 times that I have been here this is my first time that I have had a bad experience with my food. That is not bad! not to mention they are pet friendly and they bring your dog a bowl of water. Pet friendly restaurants get extra brownie points with me. 
In the end I gave her close to an eight dollar tip which is more than what the tip would've been even if they had charged me full price. I knew it wasn't her fault and she was very apologetic. So that alone shows me that they cared enough to want me to come back. And I will.Poor service. We left without eating after 90 minutes of waiting. We were basically  ignored. Can't rate the food because it never arrived. This may not be typical of other diner's experience but we will take our business elsewhere.I had the Freret Breakfast Plate -Two eggs any style served with bacon or sausage, hash browns or grits, and your choice of toast or biscuit. However I just gave up meat for the new year and asked the waitress if I could have hash brown and grit because I was not getting any meat. She said no, I'm sure had I asked for a manager they would of been ok with it but I wasn't going to go that far... Surely a bag of grits is less expensive that bacon or sausage but maybe she was having a bad day. It's not about the money because we ordered A LOT of food it was just her lack of customer service. 
The food was great and we will be back hopefully she won't be our server though.I've been here twice.  The first time I had the Grilled Tomato Benedict, it was solid.  The hash browns were okay too, a little too much with the dried basil/oregano, but well cooked.  The atmosphere is the selling point with great outdoor seating and I remember my server being friendly.  Today was kind of opposite, a real let down.  I had the same thing, but I guess someone put waaaaay too much vinegar in the poaching pot, it was pretty much inedible.  Hash browns were also undercooked and they upped the dried basil/oregano quotient exponentially.  I was pretty hungry having been up for 4 hours and before breakfast, I just couldn't get through it and neither could my two other dining companions.  Our server seemed a little less than enthused about us coming in, before even asking if we needed menus or something to drink she proclaimed that service would take at least 30-45min and looked at us as if to say, 'you probably shouldn't stay seated'.  Hoping this was just one really off day for this cute cafe.  I try it again for lunch or something else, but the benedict is on a time out.This is why I love Cafe Freret...hardly ever a line, quality food served in generous proportions.  Inside & outside seating is available, & they are dog friendly!!! This has always been my pup's favorite Sunday after-walk brunch spot!The food here is darn tasty.  It's not an extravagant menu, but it has meat lovers and vegetarian options and all of them are delicious.  The food here is hard to beat and is very reasonably priced.  The joint loses a star for ambiance.  I wanted to sit inside away from the college crowd (loud obnoxious and hung over as they were) so I sat inside.  The inside seating leaves a little to be desired (feels like a cafeteria) and the owner's brother usurped the tv remote and put on football so loud that we had to wait for a table outside just to eat our meal.  However, I think that's probably a rare occurrence.  Anyway, don't miss trying this place out.  You will not be disappointed.  (And sit outside if it's nice out)I have always had great experiences here!  The portobello Benedict is usually my go to, but this morning I had the grilled tomato Benedict and it was even better! The coffee is good and the bacon sides are plentiful.  Don't forget your id though! I am 34 and I look it. When  they carded me it was very cute and very sweet, but I had forgotten my id and was turned down!!! I was shocked! Good for them, they are near the universities.Former old school gas station with good diner style food. TIP: If you like spicy ask for the off the menu hot sauces.First, never heard of this place being called "Saucys."
Maybe its under new ownership?  Not really sure.
The menu is very diverse... lots of breakfast fare, burgers, sandwiches, and more.  I had breakfast - it was nice and cheap.  Love sitting outside in the nice college residential area.  The food does the trick - nothing more, nothing less.So glad we found this little hole in the wall place! And it only gets better since they welcome fur babies!
The waitress immediately brought out a big bowl of ice water for my fur baby, Nala. And also informed us about the Doggie Treat Menu, which instantly won me over. 
The food is superb! The Pecan Belgium waffle with bacon melts in your mouth. I also had the crab stuffed jalapeño poppers that were so scrumptious!!
I would definitely recommend this place to any one!!!Good food, strange prices. I like the BLT and the burger here and love the convenience to Tulane. I have a problem with their delivery though. Every time I order delivery my bill is always a couple dollars more than I expect it is going to be based on their prices online. I understand that they charge under a buck for plastic silverware and plastic containers, but why is it always more than that? It's a mystery to me so I'm going to continue to get delivery elsewhere. Also, they offer free wifi but don't have a single outlet for customers to plug into. Bummer.Great spot for breakfast. Full Bar, outdoor seating. yumm-OThe food at Cafe Freret deserved three-and-a-half or four stars, but the meal only gets three stars because it was way more expensive than I think it should have been.
We got three dishes and two coffees between three people. It came out to $48 and I think $16 per person seems really pricey for brunch (especially since I was still hungry at the end of the meal).
My entree was a delicious crab benedict. It was basically eggs benedict (egg, hollandaise sauce, english muffin) with crab cakes instead of ham. The eggs were a bit overcooked and I have had better hollandaise sauce, but it was still definitely a good dish. I give them extra points for this dish since it's so different from anything that I've had before.
One friend ordered the four cheese ravioli with marinara sauce. It came with a few slices of delicious bread. The red sauce was very very sweet, but tasty if you like sweet sauces. The dish can also be served with a cream sauce if you prefer. The ricotta in the ravioli really stood out above the other flavors. This dish was not as good as the crab benedict.
My other brunch companion ordered the black bean egg rolls and the black pepper onion rings. Both were good but not particularly noteworthy.
Overall I had a pleasant time eating the food here, but it wasn't a jaw-dropping experience. The crab benedict was interesting and the food was fine overall, but I did not feel like it was worth $16 per person for the food that we got. Especially considering one person didn't order anything to drink and another person only ordered two appetizers.We went for brunch. Daughter had pancakes which were fabulous! We had steak & egg which were also GREAT. Prices were good too :)If you're looking for a peaceful place to sit outside in the shade, drink a cup of coffee and read the paper, then Cafe Freret is the perfect place for you! Dog-friendly and generally breezy with ceiling fans on the porch, the atmosphere here is relaxed and casual.
The food, however, is hit or miss, in my opinion. Their eggs benedicts (there are several versions) are simply amazing, everything they should be. However, you are better off making your own french toast at home.
Try their bloody marys!Super close and convenient for Tulane students. Takes NOLA bucks! However if you're in a rush do not go there. You will find yourself extraordinarily frustrated. Great for hungover breakfast with friends to sit and chill and recall (or not recall) the events of the night before. The waitstaff is really nice (Tony rocks!). Food is average Nola breakfast food. Grits, eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, etc. Also has lunch and dinner options.We were the only customers and they took over half an hour to bring our food. Fucking ridiculousCafé Freret is a reincarnated gas station located in East Carrollton on the Downtown/Lake corner of Freret and Lowerline. My wife and I recently discovered this one of a kind place by walking and exploring our neighborhood. One definite Hole In The Wall New Orleans Neighborhood eating establishment.
The food is tasty and flavorful at reasonable prices and served with a staff of genuine people who do everything to make sure you pass a good time. Breakfast is served at all open hours. The menu covers a diverse selection of food with some very unique sandwiches. Full bar with prices to make you come back for more. 
Arrived at Café Freret with a strong desire for their Muffaletta. Will have to return because they were out of their home made Olive Salad. On this visit we enjoyed a Carafe of Mimosa for $10.00. The Crab Stuffed Jalapeños were good and served with a Chipotle Ranch Dressing. To replace the Muffaletta the Chickenbomb Sandwich was selected. 
The Chickenbomb was a delight to the taste buds. Prepared with very tender chicken that is adequately covered with Swiss Cheese, Sautéed Onions, Mushrooms and Bell Peppers. This Chef's Signature Sandwich came on toasted French Bread that was very good quality and covered with Créole mayonnaise that was distinctive in flavor. 
There are different flavored Iced Coffees, once again, at reasonable prices for the size of the serving and the taste of the product. 
This restaurant reminds me of New Orleans. Where everyone is welcomed and the food is so good. Although your four legged family member is confined to the outdoor seating they are welcomed and they have their own menu. All that was needed was some French music so I could really feel as if back in Paris.Waaaahhh! I am so bummed! What happened cafe freret? There are many new waiters and the service was not as good. One woman told us it would be a 35 min. Wait for food, even though we had a table, before even greeting us. It felt like we were being encouraged to leave. Then the food came, the potatoes were undercooked and the eggs had been poached with so much vinegar that they were almost inedible. We all left most of our plates. When we informed the waiter, he shrugged and said sorry, but did nothing to rectify the situation. You're on time out Cafe Freret. I hope you return to the awesome breakfast spot that I have loved so much in the past.Love the staff (so nice!) and love the location. Great outdoor seating when the weather is nice. 
That said, I need to agree with some of the other reviewers that the food here is hit or miss. I've had great sandwiches here before, but the most recent meal I had was pretty "meh"... it was a breakfast sandwich on an English muffin. Only the eggs and bacon were heated up - the cheese (sort of sad generic bright orange slices) and English muffin were pretty cold. The pumpkin pie was pretty good, though.Ahh, Café Freret.
How you at one time delighted, now to consistently disappoint.
I liken my relationship with Café Freret to that of an abusive relationship.
You burn me, time passes and I decided to give it a try, one more time
Just for old times sake.
Well, my latest trip to CF, was abysmal to say the least.
I ordered a Black and Bleu Burger, because they had no "Satan's Breath" wings.
I also ordered a side of Cheese Fries.
Now, I am reluctant to order burgers, as I am a little particular about how I like mine cooked.
I love the rare middle, but the charred outside.
All too often, when you order a rare burger this is seen as license to bring you a raw piece of meat on a bun, half heartedly slapped on a grill or pan for a micro second to make the outside a slightly less shade of pink than the inside.
To any burger cooks out there, this is NOT a rare burger.
I STILL want the outside cooked, charred, for me is better.
It adds a nice flavor to the meat.
And SEASON the burger would be NICE!!
So, I gets me burger, and although I had asked the waitress to tell the cook, my desire was for a Medium Rare burger, although if they could not achieve the outside being cooked at that temperature, somewhere Medium Rare-Medium was good.
I stated this, because she gave me the excuse that they could not do a char, as they use a flattop, which is "Grade A"  BS.
I am not sure who told her this, but Fat Tops are the SCHWEET way to cook burgers, and can give you a GREAT little char, in the right hands, which apparently they did not have.
So, my burger arrives, looking grey, to pin al around.
My Cheese Fries had a pile of grated cheese laced on top, NOT MELTED!!
I mean, who does not melt the cheese on cheese fries?
I was there for lunch, t was not busy, and they could have done a better job..
I was with a friend, and the conversation was good and I had not the time to go elsewhere, otherwise I would have.
They do not seem to season their burgers, as the meat besides being horribly prepared by way of cooking, tasted like, meat..
Another tip for burger cooks in NOLA, a nice season for burgers is a little salt, pepper, paprika blend and a little Worcestershire sauce, not expensive, but a nice smoky flavor is imparted to the meat.
The fries had an.. off taste.. That is all that I can say.
I ate my meal, I paid for my meal, and THANKFULLY I had a Groupon I had to use, otherwise I would have felt INORDINATELY screwed over by the whole exchange.
It is apropos that Café Freret allows you to bring your Dog with you to dine, because that is where there food has gone, To the Dogs..
The culinary equivalent to waterboarding.
I will not be going back there, I can get poorly prepared food elsewhere, were I so inclined.
For my money and time, if I am in the area and need a good burger fix, O'Henrys is not too far away..
And their burgers are prepared much more suitably...
As always, keeping you informed,
Because nothing stays with you longer
Than a bad meal...
Big easy Daddy..How have I never seen this place? It's literally a few minutes away from campus. I love the outdoor seating, only on pretty days of course. This place serves a variety of items such as breakfast and brunch, sandwiches, and some main entrees like pasta and steak. I also love how their breakfast is served anytime. I will definitely come back here when I get the breakfast craving. 
I ordered their New Orleans Steakbomb, which was basically a big Philly cheese steak with a side of fries. It wasn't dry at all with the right amount of onions and whatever you like on it. 
Overall decent place for a different atmosphere and place to eat breakfast or to try their chef's signature sandwiches.NOT TOTALLY TERRIBLE. A FEW THINGS ARE GOOD!
I'd pass on the apps because they sound way more tempting than they actually are. The crab stuffed jalapeños unfortunately seem purchased from "Everythings A Dollar". Fortunately at Café Freret there's a star:
THE CHICKENBOMB!
It ranks among the  "best of sandwiches" in the city: Melba's shrimp po'boy Stein's Reuben, the Camelia Special at Camelia Grill, Parasol's pulled pork,Yo Mama's PB & Bacon burger, Gene's sloppy roast beef, and of course the inimitable Shrimply the Best at Milk Bar. However as to poultry the Chickenbomb is off the hook good. It's a sautéed onion & peppers-y swiss-cheesy charred chunky chicken in a creamy mustardy remoulade mess. Get it with just chips: $9!
THE CHICKENBOMB PROTIP: 
It may seem high maintenance but ask that they hollow out the top of the bread, get the mushrooms on the side (they may be sketchy) and definitely request an extra creole mayonnaise.The place for desert and coffee. Had the bananas foster - outstanding. The caramel became crunchy which added a great taste.What a great casual restaurant/bar/movie house/pet stop/ bike stop/cafe. Good food; good service; decent prices; and on Mondays, free first class movie night!Wow. Had the special tonite during bike in movie nite - speghetti and meatballs. Delicious. Red gravy was sweet and delicately flavored and the pasta was angel hair cooked precisely. Sise garden salad was ample. I will enjoy this again.