Very disappointed in the service! Barista was condescending and very rude in front of other customers. Enjoyed my latte, but will certainly not even consider ever returning.I landed here on a random summer afternoon and there was no one there - I was stoked to be in the cozy back room by myself with my headphones on, cranking out some work. But then the wi-fi didn't work...for the 3-ish hours I was there. And my simple iced tea was $3+. That's like a 100% mark up. No thanks....Nice wrap around porch. Good coffee for a good price.  I split the French press pot with my sister for about $4. Worth it.Great place to relax, hang out, or get things done! Would like more food options, but what they do have is great.Great deals here from yelp. Also I HIGHLY suggest trying the iced Earl Garnett tea. I'm a huge fan! The apple cinnamon muffin just came out this morning for the season and is great.Nice quiet spot on the corner, very chill and relaxed. They participate in YELP, Also have a key tag frequency club, and are very up to date on payment methods. I've been hooked on the ginger mocha!!!!!!! It's amazingly creamy chocolate flavor with a nice bite of ginger. I've never and anything like it, and can't wait to have it again :) also another plus to this place: they have a sign on their front door that says they support breastfeeding in the facility. Just another plus to come and try this great local establishment.Cute little coffee house on a busy street corner.
Been twice, was disappointed with the quality of the espresso shots in my drinks.  Barista made no effort at tamping.  Sorry, but most commercial espresso machines aren't just add the grounds and press the button.
For such a cute place and great location, they should work on quality.First time trying their breakfast. The menu has some really nice sounding things and while it was all pretty decent, I thought it didn't quite live up to the expectations of the menu. The eggs bahn mi were good, but I though the eggs were slightly under poached , could have used more sauce, the bread couldn't stand up to the moisture of everything else, and the pickled veg wasn't very pickled. The biscuit with chorizo gravy almost tasted like a biscuit with Mexican spices refried beans if you closed your eyes. The complimentary mocha with yelp check in was nice and the porch was pleasant on a cool morning.I work at a local hospital down the street from this lovely little coffeehouse, The barista was amazing, she recommended a mocha ginger iced coffee and made it for me and at was by far better than any big or local chain coffee houses drink I have had! 
She told me about the yelp check in for the coffee to be free!! 
I bought a huge blueberry muffin and was told that they are baked fresh in the store daily. The barista very warm for me which made it even more incredible!  
What a great way to experience the eclectic atmosphere with a very friendly staff!!I came here for he first time for Sunday brunch with my husband. This is a cute cottage with lots of outdoor seating. The view from the porch was lovely. The gentleman who took our order and delivered our food was very friendly and helpful. The food is where they faltered a bit. We ordered eggs banh mi and chorizo gravy with biscuits and a side of eggs. Everything was lacking seasoning and we put salt and pepper generously on it all. The chorizo "gravy" had the taste and consistency of refried beans with taco seasoning in it- my husband described it as a paste. It didn't taste bad, but wasn't what I expected or wanted. Also, it was one biscuit split in half.....for $6.50, I guess I expected 2 biscuits? The eggs banh mi had sauces drizzled over them that were good and the eggs were poached well. But the bread the eggs were sitting on could not hold up to the moisture and it disintegrated into a mushy mess. Overall, there were some great ideas and flavors, but overall execution didn't seem to work.Fun relaxing atmosphere. Friendly service. Amazing Big Freezy on a hot day! A nice stop on Magazine Street.Cafe Luna is the locals coffee shop that Uptown didn't realize it needed. I mean yes there are at least half a dozen competitors nearby that can claim "local" status, but none of them have their owner serving customers from behind the coffee bar.
Coffee - 5 stars - responsibly sourced, attention to detail, reasonably priced
Service - 5 stars - It's like "Cheers" but for coffee, regulars and strangers are equally welcome 
Pastries - 5 stars - Homemade. Every. Single. Day.
Food - 5 stars - total hidden gem of this place, they only serve on extended weekends (think Fri-Mon) but it's the best Eggs Benedict and Chicken & Waffles I've ever had...maybe someday I'll get something different. No table service may seem strange for brunch, but I'd assume it keeps the prices low so I can't complain.
Vibes (outdoor) - 5 stars - wrap around porch, 100 year old oak tree, picnic vibes without all the hassle.  Dog friendly.
Vibes (indoor) - 4 stars - maybe I'm not in love because I've NEVER sat inside, but it's definitely set up for the all day study parties.  Games are available to play and local artists hang on the walls.
Bonus - one of the only places in Louisiana with a Bit Coin machine so if that's your style...One of the best cafe au laits I've EVER had.  You could tell that the barrista took pride in making our coffees.  If only every cafe could serve coffee this good!This is my second time at Cafe Luna. It's a great coffee shop for studying with minimal distraction. The patio is completely covered and perfect for people watching during study breaks. Inside isn't too warm or too cold. The music is very low so it isn't too distracting. Cafe Luna doesn't get 5 stars from me because they do not have white chocolate for my mochas.Cute brunch spot! Great food and tea. I will have to come back to try the coffee and pastries!I had an amazing wrap with eggs, bacon and potatoes! The fruit and the excellent iced coffee were incredible, too. Definitely recommend this cute little cafe!Cute café with an excellent patio. There was some book signing action going on when I was there, and it got a little Jesus-y, but not so distracting that I couldn't keep getting work done. Friendly staff provided some recommendations on places to see in Nola and the food looked good (didn't buy any though!)Cafe Luna is a chic, eclectic place to grab coffee and a bite on Magazine St. The outdoor ambiance drew us in, and we ended up staying for an hour! 
Location/Atmosphere: 5/5. I loved the interior of Cafe Luna--it's an old house dressed up with brightly colored walls, plants, lots of light, and local artwork. I could imagine visiting this place a lot if I lived in New Orleans.
Service: 4/5. There was only one person working when we came in, and the cafe was quite busy. So service was a little slow, but we were given free treats (delicious cookies!) to compensate for the wait time. Also, the barista gave us great recommendations on things to try, and did a nice job with our orders. 
Food: 4/5. We tried a couple of coffee drinks, the banh mi sandwich, a garden bagel, and a couple of pastries. The coffee was good but unremarkable. The chai tea was nice; not too overly sweetened, but not pure spice. Everything was very fresh! The croissant was slightly non-traditional--sweeter than normal, but very good--soft and flaky. The cookies were cake-y and sweet. The banh mi sandwich was a standout--we were lucky to get the last one! Also, the bagels were delish. Try the currant cinnamon bagel--strongly spiced and unique!
Overall: I loved Cafe Luna! This is a great spot.Cafe Luna is a great neighborhood spot. I live around the corner from and enjoy coming here for a cup of coffee and doing some work. Every time I've come in, the owner has been there and taking orders, which adds to the cafe's quaint atmosphere. I enjoy my coffee black and their daily brews are flavorful without the need for any additions. They have two small rooms with tables and nice natural lighting through the large windows. There's also a nice wrap around porch overlooking a busy intersection, but it doesn't get too loud or distracting. If you have a dog, feel free to bring him/her along, as they have plenty of shaded outdoor seating. I haven't had a chance to try any of the pastries or food yet, but I'm excited to try them next time I'm in! Cafe Luna is such a cute place and I love supporting this coffee shop.I decided to kill an entire afternoon walking around Magazine Street while my friend was playing in the semi-finals for the Louisiana Philharmonic.  When I realized I was hungry, I decided to stop in here because it looked great from the outside.  It was great on the inside, too!  I got a turkey and swiss panini, which had a delicious "onion sauce" on it, and some chocolate black tea.  YUM.  
The barista asked if I was carrying an instrument case, and we had a nice little conversation.  I could have stayed all day, drinking tea, reading, or playing games.This is a cool, trendy, rustic "house"  that has incredibly delicious, fresh, home-made food! Breakfast was superb. Muffins and pastries look tempting and their drip coffee is amazing.  Heads up: One Free refill on my drip coffee which I would not have known if I didn't go back to counter to "buy" another cup. When they bake their chocolate chip cookies ...buy one to go after your yummy breakfast ! Definitely visit and enjoy!Cafe Luna has amazing service and THE BEST lattes! I've never had better coffee.Cute coffee house with a family atmosphere located in a quaint house on magazine street. Great place to study or read. The coffee and pastries were great but not the largest selection.Always happy to support a local coffee place. Mom was thrilled they had almond milk. If I lived locally I'd certainly go again.Great coffee and a nice spot to get some work done late night, as they're open til midnight. I love the patio in front which actually has power outlets outside.Nice chill place where ppl study and apparently  do poetry readings etc. had a dirty chai. Pretty good. Can't beat the yelp check in offer. The service was not the friendliest but wasn't bad. Still great area and dig the vibe.  Would come back and try other things. Be awesome if they would do acoustic music which who knows maybe they do.Great place ,great people and amazing comfortable atmosphere with exceptional coffee and exceptional service....You can sit out on the porch and pretend to be super fancy while admiring the Victorian/Queen Anne architecture of this lovely building.
Solid iced tea selection with normally 3 options...many more for hot. A very tasty and filling chocolate chip cookie is generally available as well as muffins and bagels.
The staff is usually pleasant and the indoor rooms are very cozy.Great stop for coffee.   Nice to sit out on the porch and watch the world go by.    The cappuccino was great.3.5/5 if you're heading further uptown
so i stop by here if i'm doing work before heading to audubon or the fly. i'm a fan of their chai, and will ask for it extra chai-y. as its on the corner, parking can sometimes be a little hard to find, but usually just requires a turn on one of the residential streets on the block over. i've never had a problem getting a seat, and the wifi works well. there are plugs as well, even outside, which is the preferred work spot!I love the wrap around porch here! Coffee is good but the environment makes this a memorable cafe. I love biking down to read the newspaper and sip on a cafe au lait.I have been coming to Luna almost weekly for the past six months, since I pleasantly discovered it during my first semester of law school. The people are usually quite nice, the coffee is good, and the sandwiches are yummy!  
Only complaint is that they usually make you separate tables, even if you are studying and have your stuff spread out and there are other open tables. I'd be happy to separate my tables if there was a line of people, but that's rarely the case when I'm asked to do so.  It's very frustrating!LOVE this place -- anywhere I can take my dog and sit on the porch, get some work done and do a little people watching is my kind of coffee shop.  The staff is very friendly, and if you want to escape the heat, they've got a lot of spots indoors.
Things I love for students - lots of outlets, free wifi, great coffee, and great snacks. Also -- try their breakfast! I love a breakfast sandwich, and theirs is amazing. Eggs, cheddar, bacon, pesto..? Not much more I can ask for! 
and the fact that they're locally owned (which I love.. way better than Starbucks anyday), makes it perfect for me.. and my dog.The coffee was brewed very well. The barista was very nice. My boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed the community book that people can write in. Hung out for 2 hours or so on the porch they have. I definitely plan on going back.It's the classic kind of place managed by hipsters that went twice to a Starbucks and think they know about coffee. Depending of the barista you can get different things at different prices after ordering the  same. Specially awful the bearded man, run away from the bearded man. If the bearded man it's there go to any other place.Good strong coffee, Tom Waits playing, simple place. 
Perfect quiet vibe for working... Except the Internet is down. I read another review that said Internet was down for her, too. Asked the barista who said it might be weather related. 
Thus, if you want to work on a rainy day-- find a place with better wifi. :(My favorite neighborhood coffee shop. Muffins are incredible, drinks are on point, we know the staff's names and they know ours. You can get work done here or stop by with our toddler. The bestI checked out Cafe Luna one Friday while I was strolling down Magazine Street. It's set in an old house, and the space inside is really beautiful. It's pretty spacious and sunny inside. Outside, there's a huge patio that's great for people watching. I had breakfast there which was pretty substantial for a coffeehouse. The owner (I guess?) was super friendly but service was really spotty. Like I asked for condiments, and had to get them all myself. Not a problem if you're just ordering coffee, more an issue when you're getting food. But I would go again, regardless.My go to spot for a nice lunch, coffee, and place to get work done!
Beautiful porch, super friendly staff.Cute, friendly coffee shop.  Tried the New Orleans styled bagels that had the texture of a croissant and shape of the bagel.  Great yelp deal and the ice tea flavors are super flavorful.  Nicest staff too :)The barista was so nice! My cousin took me here for the first time. She told me if we checked in through Yelp you get a free espresso. I picked an iced mocha espresso and it was really good! I was very surprised for a small little coffee shop. The place looks like a house which gets some cute points! Also they had board games and other games to entertain the customers. I love how homie it felt while drinking coffee. I would definitely recommend going here again!I really enjoyed cafe luna, I've been a few times and I gotta say.  Some of the best iced coffee.
Last summer I was on a quest to find the best iced coffees and this place is definitely in the running.
The barista was very kind and concerned about what I wanted and informed me of all the flavored iced coffees I could have.
I chose the hazelnut and it did not need to be sweetened at all.  It was really delicious!  
I would go here more often but it closes  early unfortunately.
You should go here if you are planning early day studying or you want to go someplace that reminds you of your uptown home.Best coffee shop in New Orleans! The drinks are great and the baked goods are AMAZING. The chocolate chip cookie was one of the best I've ever had. The atmosphere is cozy, quiet, and relaxing. A perfect place to spend an afternoon, especially after a stroll through Audubon Park.I love sitting on the porch at Cafe Luna on a nice day when I have work to do or a book to read.  I often drink tea, but I also like their iced chai mix.  I'm not much of a coffee drinker.
The only reason I didn't give five stars is the food.  I think they are fairly new to offering food beyond the paninis (toasties?) that they have always offered (and which are delicious).  Other newer things from the menu seem a little generic.A gem for sure in this cozy part of town. No worry of parking meters and the like, it's easy to locate on the corner. Loved the hot chai as well as the roasted tomato breakfast quesadilla, and the atmosphere is equally as delightful! Bathroom was cleaner than most, even more so than some at the 'upscale' restaurants around town  Definitely a go to place for breakfast next time I'm in New Orleans!Cafe Luna is nothing short of an uptown treasure. They've got free/quick wifi, a gender-neutral single bathroom, and I get to pretend that I'm Victorian royalty while I sip coffee and sit on their front porch. 
This beautiful cafe is near the end of Magazine Street and is nestled in between picturesque Oak trees. The front porch is perfect for studying, writing, working, and hanging out. I'd say outside there's probably 15-20 seats available and inside, there's probably around 20-30. I've been to a lot of coffee shops, and by far, Cafe Luna is the quietest around to work from (at least from the inside - it seems like most people who are here to chat or hang out, sit outside). 
The coffee is pretty good but it's a hair on the expensive side. A small iced mocha runs about 4.25. The service is pretty good though and everyone behind the counter has always been extremely friendly and helpful. 
As mentioned in other reviews, the menu is small but incredibly tasty.  I'd recommend their muffins because they are fluffy and filling!During finals time in December, it seemed it was next to impossible to get a seat in a coffee shop with free Wifi, no less a seat near a precious outlet. I happened upon Luna after seeing my regular shop completely packed (That is, CC's Coffeehouse. I only go to PJs as a last resort). What a sight for (computer-bleary) sore eyes! 
Luna is an actual coffee*house* and I love that. With a large front porch, where, although there are no outlets, you can probably work in the most idyllic environment imaginable  (the most idyllic environment that isn't say, on a shady beach in Costa Rica or Hawaii). Venture inside and you will find a small front room with outlets and a power strip. Past that is the counter where you'll order from a menu of sandwiches, pastry and espresso/drip/tea. The guy who works there is the nicest man I've ever encountered in a coffeehouse (I assume him to be the owner. I once owned a coffeehouse/bar and believe me, I could have taken attitude and customer lessons from this guy). 
Also be sure and check out the room past the counter/bar! Plenty of space to spread out and plug in while sipping on some brew and working your day away.My favorite coffee shop in the city. I like to bring my 2 dogs there and sit out on the porch. Coffee is great and now they have delicious breakfast. The granola is to die for. Charming regulars and friendly baristas.I may or may not be a barista at a local competing coffee shop. And if I am, it's certainly possible that I may recommend customers looking for coffee with culture to come to Cafe Luna. The atmosphere is cozy and fun, the coffee is delicious and the weekend breakfast options are great (quesadillas highly recommended). Be sure to say hello to the cat on the porchbeautiful place, with an extremely welcoming feel! the drinks are literally hand crafted by the ultra cool owner, Greg, & everything was fresh & made to order. I had an iced latte & the very last blueberry muffin, both of which had the authentic tastes I look for in stand-alone coffee shops. my friends ordered gourmet bagel dishes, which both completely enjoyed and raved about. Come earlier in the day for a wider selection of pastries. Absolutely enjoyed the atmosphere & of course the prices. Would totally revisit again with friends, or a loved one or even just a very good book!Ein süßes keines Café auf dem Weg vom Zoo in das French Quarter (auf der Magazine Street, die sich Richtung Zentrum zu einer Einkaufsstraße entwickelt). Hier hat man die Ruhe weg, kein Stress kommt auf. Auf der Veranda können die Gäste stundenlang im WLAN surfen - ideal für die Pause vom Sightseeing.This spot has changed ownership since I went there over two years ago.  I hadn't been impressed with their coffee at the time but really like their cold brew now.  While I can't speak for the 7am start time, I love that they are open to midnight.  I can't think of another coffee shop that goes that late.  
Employee Adam was really friendly, explaining to me the different coffee options they offer without any hipster pretense I've experienced at Mojo's.  
Coffee is a crazy addictive drug and I'm glad to have found my new dealers.We ordered the breakfast sandwich with tater tots and the Audubon bagel with Mexican Cokes.  Both dishes were tasty and food came out in a decent amount of time.  Will return!Solid 3. I came in on a Wednesday afternoon and approached the counter. Not to call her out, but the barista had such a sour face. I asked her if there were any other food selections and she said, "no, we're a coffee house." Yes, thank you, Captain Obvious. 
The place itself is really cute and I LOVE the art on the wall, all for purchase... Some really beautiful stuff. I thought it was strange also, that the music kept cutting on and off. Hmmm.Classic New Orleans gingerbread house turned into a coffee shop. Comfy, cozy. Love it. Porch seating, in addition to the two rooms inside. The one in the back has a nice comfy old couch. Great place for studying or chilling. I like what pastries and drinks I've had so far. Just wish they could be open later and that it was closer to depressing downtown so I could get there more easily!just in town for the holiday and got a mocha and muffin. as I walked away and had a sip of the mocha I said aloud "f@&$ that's good" and muffin also amazing. friendly staff, great location.Writing a review based solely on my experience, not food. 
I went there towards the end of the day...around 5PM. Horrible service. Mind you- they were almost out of everything. The counter help didn't pay me any mind- whoever she was, she was sitting down at a table and walked up to me. I had to ask if anyone worked there.  
Tried ordering a salad, didn't have the one I wanted on the menu. Tried using a Groupon I had purchased and she wouldn't accept it. 
Left without using my Groupon or any food. 
Will not go back.Great local spot to get some work done and enjoy great coffee. I got their latte on my recent visit and it was really solid - a little strong for me, but perfect for full-time coffee lovers I'd imagine. Other times I've gotten a mocha and a cappuccino, which were both solid. They have a nice and friendly atmosphere as well as service. There seem to be regulars as well, whom the staff are really friendly with, enhancing a real nice neighborhood feel. This is a great place to just hang out for a bit, on the front patio or inside, with a great amount of space. They have small treats, too, but I never tried them, although they look delicious.I come here nearly every day to get some coffee and do homework. the staff is the most enjoyable part of the place and it feels extremely homey. if you like coffee, if you like great survive, if you like cute corner coffee shops, this is the place for you.Stopped in on a whim while walking down Magazine Street and super glad we did. My iced coffee was refreshing and the muffins were good too (blueberry and banana). We stopped fairly early on a Saturday morning and it was definitely a local group, but still inviting. The barista was super friendly. I was completely charmed by the double sink in the bathroom being used as a planter, genius. 
My husband wasn't thrilled with his iced chai latte, thought it was very sweet but otherwise flavorless. Other than than, we enjoyed our stop!Great patio and view of uptown! I loved the chai!!!! The baristas and everyone was really nice here! They give southern hospitality when it comes to service! We will be back!Excellent breakfast biscuits and the staff is very friendly. Great coffee, interesting artists are displayed on the walls for sale. Really adorable cafe.Great place to relax and get a coffee on a hot summer day! Cool and laid back! Good food as well! The deep, covered porch and huge tree make hangin' outside possible rain or shine! Highly recommend!Everything tasted fine and atmosphere was fine as well but I stood at the counter for ten plus minutes waiting for someone to help me. The barista was outside on the front porch smoking and talking and there's no one else working that shift.I love this place. It's adorable, there's enough seating inside and outside, they have a selection of games to play if you're there with friends. Lots of drinks and pastries to choose from.  My only gripe is it's not exactly a terrific view from the porch, just a neighborhood intersection.Was a great place to study. Lots of indoor and outdoor seating and a free refill on the coffees.This place is adorable! 
This is my first time here (I'm still inside, experiencing it...) and I think this is my new stop when I need some coffee and a place to get work done. 
It has such a cute, homey atmosphere and I'm seriously figuring out a way to get these fireplaces home with me. Window maybe? Anybody got a truck?
The barista is so nice and the iced lattes are even nicer. (Sorry nice barista, you're still awesome.) They have a great selection of pastries and a small selection of sandwiches which I haven't experienced but the choices aren't the standard fare. 
I definitely recommend this place if you want to grab breakfast, lunch, or just relax and do some homework/facebook stalking.Great little coffee place. The owner is incredibly friendly and the food is wonderful.So happy we stopped in to have breakfast. Excellent coffee and food. Service was great! Very welcoming. We enjoyed coffee, tea, muffins, and breakfast bagel platters. We are from out of town and would definitely try to come back when visiting New Orleans!Finally, a shop serving top-notch espresso drinks and not being in your face about it. The latte I received was the perfect temperature with great foam and smooth espresso. The guy working the counter clearly knew his craft well. And again, it's beyond unpretentious. No fanfare, no fuss, just good espresso. Just goes to show how important a good barista is.Great corner location right on Magazine. Latté was great. Distinctive flavor. They're also open till midnight which is awesome because I'm a night owl and a latenight coffee option is great to have. Would recommend.Friendly staff, great coffee, great wifi, plenty of relaxing spots to sit including a porch and front yard under a big oak. It's hard to think of a criticism. It's just a great cafe.Great service and a lovely verandah.I love taking people to this spot when they are in NOLA.  It is a cozy little Uptown house on Magazine with a nice porch overlooking the intersection.  On a sunny day the porch is a great place to do some reading, catch up with friends, or just relax.  I think that the coffee and espresso drinks are good, and there is always plenty of delicious pastries to drool over.  My sister is in love with Cafe Luna's green tea frapp drink - I can't remember the exact name, but when we make a Magazine trip this is regular stop.
If you want to take a break from shopping, want a relaxing place to study, or just want to catch up with friends - this is the coffee shop.This is my favorite coffee house in New Orleans. I am not really into 'fancy' coffee; I usually get a small cup of whatever is somebody's darkest roast, or at most a cafe au lait. The reason I love Luna is the location itself, the space in which you consume whatever you got, whether inside or outside. Something about the porch's design keeps air moving even in the summer, I comfortably read quite a few books out there despite the heat. Good place to work, meet people, sit and ponder the world. Reasonably quiet inside, a busy but not terrible intersection, great to walk or bike to and easy to park within a block on a side street. Just far enough from Tulane and Loyola not to be overrun with students, but close enough to be convenient to those most dedicated to the ambiance.I love this place! Very unique with its quaint New Orleans charm, good coffee, and friendly service.The owner's brother works for a major airline and he really took care of me at Reagan National Airport enroute to NOLA. He told me about his brother's place in uptown and I had to visit.  Great little coffee shop.  Quiet and just the right atmosphere and the Java is great.I love this place but like a user said below, if you say you open at 7, you need to be open at 7. It's 7:15 and there is no sign of anyone and the door is locked with no lights on. Not a good business model - I'll be taking my business elsewhere this morning :(i love this place! I travel 360 plus days of the year and I have been reduced to traveling with my own burr grinder and French press because it is so hard to find a good cup of coffee... Well those were not even used after I found this place! The coffee is ninja good! My only complaint is that it needed to have more locations!First time visit...Best creamiest latte I've ever had.  
Had the daily breakfast special omelet and it was tasty and cheesy but not omelet-like at all. 
I will definitely be back again.