Like many other reviewers I passed by this place a number of times before looking it up on Yelp and realizing that I really did need to give it a shot...
Wow... I was not disappointed!
We started out with the crab cake appetizer- it was very well portioned (2 large crab cakes) and the sauce with it had an interesting hint of dill (just lovely and refreshing and a little different).
We were feeling like comfort food and had the chicken tenders-  The portions were very generous and the food was just solid.  Not fussy or stuffy or trying hard... just good, wholesome and good to eat.
The service was fine- however there is only one waitress for the tables and the bar, so i can imagine that if it is full that would cause some delays.  Overall it was just a lovely meal and the prices were unbelievably reasonable (most places have crabcakes 1/2 that size for twice that price)...
The ambiance is nice, nothing crazy but it is just a very nice option with reasonable prices and lovely food!I stayed at the Blake Hotel that is connected to this restaurant. Finally on our last day in New Orleans, we decided to check it out for breakfast. We had plans to hop on the streetcar right across the street and check out the Garden District. It wasn't very busy at the time so we were seated right away. Our waitress was extremely friendly and told us to check out the specials they were offering. We ordered Bloody Marys and Mimosas and they were delicious! I especially enjoyed the Bloody Mary. 
We ordered the fried green tomatoes eggs benedict and crab cake eggs benedict. They were both so delicious. The crab cakes were huge and full of delicious crab! The poached egg was perfect, I literally almost licked my plate clean. The home fries on the side were super amazing too, the seasoning on it was just enough and had the perfect crunch. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his fried green tomatoes as well. I was able to get a quick bite and I can see why!  
What I loved most about this place is that we didn't have to wait over an hour to eat breakfast. Of course, there are a lot of great breakfast places in town but if you don't feel like waiting a long time, Cafe at The Square will not disappoint.Awesome breakfast.  Great location near Lafayatte Park.  I ate breakfast here every morning of my recent business trip.  Had delicious Oatmeal one day then, after deciding it was pointless to eat healthy in New Orleans, had fantastic omelettes for the rest of my stay.  I love places that give you your last cup of coffee to go and Cafe at The Square does.  Thanks!As hotel restaurants go, this place was very satisfying. For the 3 days that we stayed here at the Blake Hotel, we ate breakfast, came in for drinks, for coffee, and for appetizers. Pretty much everything that we ordered and tried was good. I have to give a shout out for a few things that we indulged in - one was the rum punch during happy hour, which is only $5. They have great mozzarella sticks that come with a marinara sauce and a ranch sauce for dipping. The gumbo, though not outstanding, was very good. For breakfast one morning, I got the 3 egg omelette and I chose to stuff it with andouille sausage and pepper jack cheese. It was delicious. The breakfast came with a side order of creamy grits and a biscuit.Stopped in for breakfast on our way to the French Quarter. I had a Build Your Own Scramble with cheddar cheese, andouille sausage and mushrooms. It came with a biscuit and breakfast potatoes (yum). Boyfriend got the Andouille Eggs Benedict, it looked and tasted wonderful. Bits of crawfish in there as well! Tasted fresh!Average at best. If this restaurant wasn't connected to the hotel I'm staying at I wouldn't eat here. I've tried both the breakfast and lunch/dinner menus and so far haven't been impressed with either. The crab cake looked like a burnt hockey puck and the breakfasts I could make myself. The French vanilla iced coffee literally seemed to be black coffee with ice that I had to add copious amounts of cream and sugar to. Lastly, I got my order to go but I'm pretty sure the waitress who took my payment gave herself a tip for mixing my gross coffee since she short-changed me a dollar and two cents. I would've tipped her $2 but she  apparently helped herself which I don't like unless being notified of automatic gratuity.I went  to Cafe at the Square 4 years ago. Someone was recently asking me about the wet food in New Orleans and I had to let them know to visit this place!!! They have the BEST fried green tomatoes!! Years later I'm still thinking about how amazing their food was xoxoQuaint. It was perfect for breakfast. Service was right on the money - didn't crowd but was attentive.We had dinner here while staying at the Intercontinental down the block. After a few days in Nola, we were a little tired of the lines so I turned to yelp to find something nearby without the word 'line' in every. single. review. 
Im so happy we landed on Cafe at the square. We had the French onion soup, fried green tomatoes, alligator sausage, and grilled redfish topped with crab. 
Everything was on point except the veggies served along with the redfish were a little beyond soggy and the potatoes could've been crispier. 
Minus one star because it somewhat lacks a decent atmosphere due to way too bright lighting and something else I can't put my finger on. 
If you're looking for good food, quick service, and great value, you won't go wrong here.When we lived a block away we constantly ate here after church. It was good back then and now it's even better. The chicken and waffle is superb topped with sausage gravy and scrambled eggs. Don't get no better. The wife had the eggs Benedict this morning and the eggs were cooked perfectly.  Great atmosphere hardly ever a line which is weird because it sits inside the Blake hotel on st Charles.   Great staff very friendly and quick. A little on the high side for breakfast but I like it better than the world famous mothers restaurant down the street.I had sausage gravy and biscuits for my breakfast here and was severely disappointed. The gravy was thin and lacking flavor, the biscuits were under cooked and over flowered. The atmosphere inside is non existent. They try to present themselves as more of an upscale restaurant but are dragged down by the constant rustling of the wait staff replacing the paper table covers. All in all my visits to the café was just disappointing.The Andouille  Sausage Benedict was scrumptious. Nice helping of crawfish is on the dish. The hollandaise literally and figuratively topped it off. I ate this dish in tiny bites to savour the experience. Their NOLA roast coffee is nice accompaniment as is the fresh OJ. The menu has some interesting sounding options and they always have a few daily special editions. On weekdays there is a hard stop of 10:30 for breakfast, but on weekends it's all day. The prices for the elaborate dishes are commensurate with the ingredients and prep time.By the undistinguished look of this place and the fact it's adjacent to a bunch of government buildings I was expecting to be unimpressed. Yay for surprises.
Very pleasant and straight-forward brunch cafe kind of by its lonesome in Central City. A relaxing feel where it doesn't feel like it's trying too hard. Nice big open windows with clean and simple breakfast staples to accompany.
Concerning Brunch:
The eggs benedict with fried green tomatoes was really well executed. Good hollandaise, really nice grits and biscuit too. 
Would definitely return if I wanted a quality breakfast without re-inventing the wheel.Love love love this place...this tiny little cafe is right next to a beautiful park and it was a few blocks from our hotel so we decided to drop in. After a 2 hr flight from DC and a 20 min taxi ride of death...I was ready for a hearty brunch. We sat ourselves near the window to do some people and streetcar watching. Wasnt really crowded and our waiteress was sugary sweet. Very simple decor nothing too fancy. Obviously this place focuses on the cuisine. Lets start with the coffee.....spectacular...haha poo on you Starbucks and it didnt require massive amounts of sugar and cream to enjoy it. The brunch specials written on this huge chalkboard and every bit of it sounded great. My friend and I tried the Crabcake Eggs Benedict with potatoes and freah sliced tomatoes and the Crab and Crawfish on grits. It was so good that after our first bite we paused for about 30 seconds with our eyes closed and big Grinch grins on our faces....heaven on earth. The food was so good we came back on Sunday to try the Fried Green Tomato eggs benedict with bacon and the Shrimp and crawfish etoufee omelet. 
I wish I could take this little cafe with me to DC....simply amazing.I was staying at Q&C hotel and ordered this delivery. It came fast with a smile and everything on my plate was seriously the best I've had here in New Orleans. Great potatoes, perfectly cooked and seasoned redfish and the dang beans were the fashizzle on tha dizzle. Carrot cake for late night goody. Order online. It's most simple to use and you get $5 off your first order!My wife and I were looking for an evening dessert place within walking distance from downtown - but not requiring a Friday night adventure onto Bourbon Street (9:30ish). Yelp! led is to this place - they are very accommodating (one rockstar lady "doing it all" in the front of the house) and we swung in for great bread pudding, pecan pie, and peach cobbler! 
Breakfast looks good enough to hit in the morning!Nice small cafe connected to a hotel.   Food was good but service was inattentive.   At 11am on a Sunday it was only 1/2 full and our waitress would walk right past without even glancing over to see if we needed anything.   The look is higher end than the food or service delivers.   I assume they survive on hotel patrons.  The locals seem to be absent,  I think we know why.Dining at the new Cafe on the Square was a pleasant experience.  Good location, nice atmosphere, great service and the food was fantastic.  Breakfast had a great menu.  I tried the homemade granola and yogurt.....AWESOME!!!!   If you are in the CBD, you should definitely try the place.  Well worth the visit.The best thing about this place is that it is usually not crowded in the evenings, which means that if you didn't make reservations anywhere else, and you don't want to wait for two or more hours to eat, you can probably walk in and be seated immediately. We were in town on a Saturday, before a concert, and could not find anywhere for two to eat an early dinner. The spinach salad was huge, even for two people to split, and the crab cake starter was average. We both ordered the special grilled redfish, as recommended by the server (there was ONE for the entire place -- and she managed to keep things moving, bless her heart). It was ok - but overcooked. The accompanying veggies were really good, though. We were too full for dessert. 
I wouldn't recommend this place for dinner, unless time is of the essence, in which case, you aren't going to find anything this good on short notice.We are on our honeymoon and stayed just a block away! We were looking for quality food without breaking the bank. The food here surpassed our expectations and the waiting staff was always chipper and lovely! Thanks so much for your hospitality and wonderful food,  we recommend the grits, seafood pasta, and crystal chicken sandwich!i got the shrimp & corn soup special and the cobb salad. the soup was really good, especially when you dump a ton of Crystal sauce in it. 
the cob salad was huge and very good. the grilled chicken was just right and tasted like the grill, which i dig. i actually felt full after this salad and i can throw down at lunch. 
i would like to make it here for breakfast/brunch but i'm never downtown during the day so we'll have to wait on that. 
i would come back. they are proud of their food but prices are high everywhere downtown, at least where you would want to eat.Terrible. Not sure how this place got 4 stars.  My coke was flat but instead of fixing it she just took it away.  My omelet was not cooked all the way.  The egg whites were runny -- not cooked at all.  The potatoes were dry and cold.  The only decent thing was the English muffin but how hard is it to toast bread?  I will not be backA blend of European style cafe aesthetics with amazing Southern Comfort food. We loved their Creamy Crawfish Pasta and Lafayette Chicken. Their eggplant sandwich was also very good.Great food!!! We were looking to grab a quick lunch and got much more than we bargained for!! It was within walking distance from our hotel (InterContinental) and we greeted and sat immediately. Our waiter was working the dining room and bar at the same time but he was excellent! All of our order were hot and fresh! Crab cakes were amazing!The food here was excellent. I had the two egg breakfast and the eggs were tasty along with the sausage and English muffins. The waffles are great as well. They are shaped like the fluer de list symbol that is prominent in New Orleans and were served warm with a selection of syrups. The service was quite slow. Not sure why because there were more servers than customers. Overall great place for a morning breakfast in the city. Highly recommended!Great food, and super-friendly, considerate service. 
We hesitated going to this cafe since we were looking for a full breakfast venue. But we were pleasantly surprised to find a great mix of breakfast and brunch items. 
Worth dropping by!Our family of five stopped in for breakfast during a three day trip to NOLA.  The grits were absolutely perfect!  Creamy, buttery and just plain delicious.  My younger two had the "square" waffles which they enjoyed and my husband and older son both enjoyed their omelets.  I went for the scramble of eggs, veggies and cheese which was prepared quite well.  Nice sized portions and great service.  Highly recommended for a nice hearty meal to start off a day of sightseeing.Great location to sit and watch the streetcars pass by!  Super friendly staff, our waitress sat and chatted with us like old friends!  
Full bar, if you're craving bloody marys, or anything else!
A friend and I had breakfast before work at Cafe at The Square.  We were immediately please by how clean and just adorable the restaurant is.  Our server rocked, and most importantly our food was SOOO GOOD!  Like so good you know you should've stopped three bites ago, but cant stop, then you find yourself in a food coma for hours!
I def look forward to returning, maybe on a weekend so I can try out the bar!I had the tuna sandwich seared! Fabulous sandwich to say the least. Friendly staff and very clean cafe. I would recommend this place for lunch!!Great brunch!! Great service!! 
Everything was tasty. Biscuits were good & the grits cooked perfectly.The service here was great! Attentive staff, great food!
Will definitely come back if we are in the area. Would recommend in a heartbeat.Food was good, clean atmosphere. The only reason for taking a star away was because there was only one server and a few tables, about a third of the place was full so we didn't see her much and it just seemed really impersonal.This is a really nice cafe in the square area, I would highly recommend the crawfish omlette, it's local and just plain delicious.Went here for Brunch on a Saturday around 12pm. No wait for a table for 5, but I don't understand why. This place was great! We got eggs benedict, french toast, omelettes, and everyone really enjoyed their food. I thought the bloody marys were really good. The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly and accommodating, talkative but not overpowering, and just very cheerful. Prices were great. I would definitely come back here next time I'm in the area.We are staying at the Blake hotel which is in the same building. This place serves really good drinks and great food. Fried green tomatoes and red fish salad.What can i say other than horrible service, ill prepared entire staff and shocking how on a Saturday and Saints opening wknd with perfect weather them being open is an after thought. 
Would be good for the owner to maybe show up every now and then to see the ship sinking so pathetically. 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME GOING HERE!Downright awesome! We went early in the morning for a Saturday brunch and luckily didn't have to wait. Even if we did, it would've been worth it! We had crab cakes benedict and the breakfast bowl. The crab cakes were very fresh and clearly made from real crab, covered with a perfectly poached egg and creamy hollandaise sauce. Complete with creamy, oh so creamy grits! The breakfast bowl was colorful an flavorful, although could've used a touch of salt. Friendly service, decent prices for the food and location, and worth coming back!The brunch special - Crabcake Eggs Benedict with Grits was amazing. Nice relaxed atmosphere and reasonably priced. Easy walking distance from the hotel along Charles St.The food was just ok...not as impressed as other cuisine in New Orleans. But the coffee and orange juice were pretty good.We went here while in New Orleans because it was close to our hotel and our flight was leaving soon. From a convenience standpoint, it makes sense. That being said, I would never go here for any other reason. There are way too many great places to eat in NOLA. I got the crawfish egg benney and it was meh. There was too much hollandaise sauce and an unidentifiable taste. Service and coffee were great though.When in New Orleans Cafe On The Square is my favorite spot for breakfast. The portions are worth your money. And incredibly tasty. Also try to make it back for happy hour 3pm-7pm $5 mozzarella cheese croquettes are to die for.Stopped in here for a quick breakfast before heading out to catch our flight home.  Hubby had andouille sausage and blue cheese omelet which was huge and packed full of sausage.  I had the egg melt which was bacon, fresh spinach, over easy eggs and cheddar cheese on two slices of sourdough.  It was presented like a sandwich but I took off the top piece of bread and ate as open face sandwich with fork and knife, it was delicious!  
The potatoes are amazing.  Highly recommend these!
Service was very friendly.Splitting a bacon and pepper jack cheese omelet with grits and toast with Eric was still a huge portion for both of us and it was without a doubt the best omelet I have ever had. Eric got a sausage biscuit because he didn't believe me that we could share...I was right but my half of the sausage patty was so good I didn't rub that fact in.
The coffee was good and strong and the waitress was attentive and really sweet and she split everything up nicely. 
We stayed at the Parc St. Charles above and only ate here once given that we skipped breakfasts most mornings because we were so busy running to conference sessions and meetings but I would have happily eaten here almost every morning.Wow, amazing food! Bread pudding and pecan pie were both incredible! Great price, especially for the quality of the food.We stopped in here before we headed to Mardi Gras parades. The restaurant was surprisingly empty which was lucky for us. The service was fast and friendly, especially considering the parades were right outside their doors. The food was very good. The corn bisque was soooo good! You could tell that the food was fresh and not a pre-made pour it into the fryer type meal. Everything was very clean, which is again impressive during Mardi Gras. We were all very pleasantly surprised and will definitely go back next time we are in the area.The lunch service was friendly and quick. My group of 5 only had complements for this dining experience.  The crispy sweet potatoes fries were the best I have had in a long time. The salad was large with a delicious creamy balsamic vin.  The daily soup special of creamy crab and tomato soup was incredible. Please stop by because you will not be disappointed.We checked this place out looking for a quick breakfast before exploring more of NOLA that day. This place was close to our hotel and of course looked very tempting on yelp! 
I should mention we came on a weekday. Apparently their weekday menu is very different from their brunch menu offered on weekends. I was bummed because there was no benedict anything, and the selection for a weekday breakfast was pretty basic.
The interior is pretty cool, interesting art with portraits of children..and Abe Lincoln on the wall. Very clean, business like, casual upscale establishment. Our service was very good.
The breakfast here is a pretty good value but if you are a tourist I would not come here on a weekday, go a few more blocks for something more authentic to the area.By far, my go to spot when I come to Nawlins!  I'm a regular here not because the food is great (Which it is!)  But in the past three years that I've been coming here on my business trips, this is the only restaurant in which the staff remains consistent!
If there is any turn-over, it is very minimal!  I've gotten to know the owner and staff pretty well and they are very accommodating.
In my opinion, this is one of New Orleans' secret gems!  Keep up the great work guys!My husband and I stayed at the hotel next door for 3 nights. We ordered breakfast the first morning. We ordered the French toast, two scrambled eggs with potatoes. One of the bread options was biscuit. We asked if it was possible to get a side of gravy. We ordered two orange juices as well. Somehow our bill, with the tip and tax was $43. Really? I called and asked about it, and even the ladies math made no sense unless you charged us for a half order of biscuits and gravy which we didn't ask for. 
The food.... cheap tasting. Not worth the crazy price you charged. And the forced 18% tip on room service.... maybe I'd feel better about that if the service wasn't so rude. You could have had returning customers if you hadn't screwed us on our bill. 
We had better service, better food and a better bill at the Waffle House.
I decided to email the manager to complain about the cost and my experience. He at first questioned me and seems to think we went there a number of times... no way! Only reason this place gets two stars is because he admitted that they over charged us by 10 dollars and refunded us 20.Wonderful lunch.   We enjoyed the lunch Spinach salad special with fried oysters and the soup salad combo with added crab cake.   Both came with tasty  seafood soup of the day.   Service was friendly,  casual, and efficient.Absolutely delectable. Tried to go to Mother's, but the long line and beating sun said no. We followed another group of people who look like they'd been given good advice on another restaurant, but when it seemed they were lost, we looked around and saw Cafe at the Square. A quick phone search showed great reviews, and they are indeed deserving. My eggplant sandwich was hearty but not too heavy, one of our other guests had a huge, fresh salad, and the fish of the day was cooked to perfection. We topped it off with bread pudding to make a perfect meal. I will definitely return here.waited for a 37 min on food. the place wasn't even crowded. two other couples just left money for their drinks on the table and walked out.We ate here twice during our week in NOLA.    The food was wonderful.  Our Sunday bruch server was so friendly and helpful as far as suggestions for what to get.   She also provided some directions for getting places and she was very responsive.  The portions are HUGE so please be aware when you order.    Loved the atmosphere and the picture windows for people watching.   A great little gem off the main street.I'd recommend to anyone. Normally we think we need to look for a while in the wall to get real local food. Not the case. Nice, small, clean and the food is EXCELLENT. All local fare. I had the spinach salad with wasabi dressing and a glass (ok, 2...whatever) of Alias Pinot Noir. 
Wonderful. Looks they have a great breakfast and brunch menu as well.I had breakfast here during my last morning in New Orleans...or last morning so far, because I'll come back again. Anyway I was staying at the Blake Hotel, where Cafe at The Square is located. Normally I avoid hotel restaurants because I find they're either a. generic family run establishments, or b. fancy and too expensive for my broke as a joke wallet. This was neither. It was actually a really nice little cafe. Our waiter was friendly, and helped us out when our breakfast party suddenly grew from 4 people to 8.
I got a mimosa to drink, which was good. I also had the Fried Green Tomato Benedict, which was eggs benedict, but served over fried green tomatoes instead of over an English Muffin. I quite enjoy fried green tomatoes, probably because you don't ever find them where I'm from, and this was a really delicious twist on standard breakfast fare. I got my order with the side of grits, which were great, but you could also get breakfast potatoes. The meal was filling, and the price was good. I think this cafe was open for lunch too, but I never went. If I was staying in the area again I'd come back here for that dish. It was pretty swell.Had a delicious brunch here on a Saturday!  Great mimosa and crab cake Benedict special.  Fast service and no crowd!  Great find in crowded New Orleans!  I would definitely come here again!Best hotel brunch I've had! Fantastic southern options, while still keeping it classic. Lovely view of St. Charles and right off Lafayette Sq. If you're looking for a simply delicious meal come here!Sit by the window when you go. Oh wait the whole one side of the restaurant is a window lol. This place makes me feel like I'm out of town in my own city.  Watching the street car go by and people  checking in and checking out of the hotel as I sip on my coffee.  The food is delicious btw  lol. The French toast, Chicken and waffles, and fried green tomatoes is a few delicious items. The staff is friendly.  The art work looks real.  Great place to enjoy brunchWe enjoyed the atmosphere and friendly service! Food was delicious! We both had the Breakfast MeltGreat place, clean and on Parade route. Needed food, beer and a break from the Mardi Gras parade and they fit the bill. Prices were super fair, food was very very good.We showed up at 6:40 with 20 min left to the happy hour. We ordered 3 drinks, 2 sodas, and 4 apps all within 15 min of sitting down. Keep in mind we were the only people sitting down at this time. We waited for 1 hr and friends came and went with drinks and the lady promised it would come out next. Then the couples next to us got there hot food who got there 30 min after us and when we complained the waitress said "it's only me, I'm sorry" as if she's the one who's cooking the food. Did I mention it took her 40 'min to bring a water when there were 10 people in the place and again when we complained she said "it's only me" and she woFood is always good. Great location, never crowded, good service. I posted a pic of my meal, the Redfish is excellent and my sides were great as well. I'd go back again.We came across this place on the way to Daisy Dukes and decided to give it a whirl. We ordered lunch...a BLT and burger. Both were really good with fresh bread. We'd definitely return!It can get pretty loud in here during peak dining times, but don't let that discourage you.  Cafe at the Square has a bright, airy atmosphere and offers great views of Lafayette Square and the St. Charles Ave. streetcar line.  The service is very to the point.  The food comes out quickly, and the staff is attentive without being overbearing.  It's perfect for a quick, delicious lunch during a hectic work day.  My favorite has to be the fried green tomato BLT.  I highly recommend it!Service is slow, what I ordered was bland, slight attitude from the waiter, beautiful setting though. In suspect of all the high scores on here...maybe my dish was a bad choice. Oh, chicken/waffles.We just happened to walk passed this restaurant while staying nearby in New Orleans. It looked okay from outside, but not like anything all that special. We decided to try it for brunch. The food was amazing! I had the chicken&waffles special, and my wife had an omelette and fried potatoes. We both agreed that it was some of the best food we've ever had.Breakfast was pretty good. It was a solid effort that was satisfying. Everything looked good, smelled good and ... Tasted good. The toast was great!  The potatoes were outstanding. The service was also satisfactory. It would have been better but I kept having to ask for coffee. Lastly, like every place I go in NOLA... It ain't cheap. $20 for one for breakfast. Would have been more like $14 but I had to try the waffle, which was good, but a little chewy.After spending a while looking for restaurants near our hotel on our walk back from the French Quarter and finding out they're all closed on Sundays, we were getting desperate for dinner.  
Most of the reviews for this restaurant seemed positive but talked about brunch.  We took a look at the menu and it seemed pretty boring as it was a limited mardi gras menu but we were hungry.  
We were pleasantly surprised to find that the short wait for a table was worth it.
We ordered the crawfish etouffee, friend catfish, and 2 cobb salads.  The etouffee was excellent with fresh seafood.  The catfish was fried to perfection and fresh as well.  The salad and chicken was fresh and the dressings were a notch above the norm.  
Even though they have a pretty basic menu (we looked at the regular menu as well) we would recommend giving it a shot (especially since it was downstairs in our hotel).Delicious grits and Benedicts!  Husband and I had green tomato Benedict and the special crab cake Benedict.  The crab cakes were delicious.  Meal was just appropriately portioned and light without the bread.  Thoroughly enjoyed the view across the park. Would come here again for brunch if we come to NOLA.  A nice twist in Southern cuisine.Chef NiCole took care of us. When we hesitated on the gator sausage appetizer, she sent a sample to the table beautifully presented with pimento cheese, pickles, and Melba-like toast crackers. Red fish was as tasty as promised.  The price was excellent. The only thing keeping this from five stars were somewhat overdone green beans. Thank you Chef NiCole!This is a hidden jewel of the city. Off the beaten path and calm, with great service and food. The breakfast potatoes side is amazingFood was good. Service was good. I had the fried green tomato BLT. Good place for grabbing lunch as items were reasonably priced. Overall, it was good--not great or anything spectacular, but a good place to grab lunch.I eat here each time I am in the city. The food is wonderful....the staff is friendly and efficient....and the patrons are for the most part, locals.  
I always read the reviews for the places I like. I laugh at the reviews written by tourists, especially when they are bad.  Trust me, they don't know what they're talking about.  
Try this place.  You will love it.We walked by a few times noting the happy people at the tables. A quick walk from our hotel, for a late dinner, once inside, we were warmly greeted by a waitress who was tending to the whole room, and was she was an excellent server. People at other tables were exchanging their votes for favorite dishes served. Waiting for our meals was interesting too because the giant portraits on the walls were quite captivating. I enjoyed a fried oyster salad, with a creamy crab and artichoke bisque. My husbands ham and cheese sandwich was unique and tasty. The bread  pudding was steamy hot and out of this world! So mush so that we told the chef.This place was great! Had the egg sandwich, the egg was cooked just right, runny but not so runny that it dropped out of the sandwich. Potatoes were tasty and coffee was strong. Highly recommended.Their specials were so yummy! Crawfish & mushroom pasta and ahi sandwich.  I loved the crawfish pasta because it had the right amount of creaminess and flavor.  Sometimes resturant pastas fall short because they are either too salty this one was perfect! It's a tiny little resturant so it does get crowded so either go early or prepare to wait.Came here during mardi gras. Great food, service was okay. It was not crowded at all and they confused half of our order, but politely corrected it when we told them. Pulled pork sandwich and cole slaw were delicious!
We could watch parades from the window while we snacked on yummy food. Can't go wrong with that!When in NOLA we are always looking for a place for a good breakfast that doesn't have us waiting in line forever.
After our first two choices failed us- we used the YELP app to find out that we were almost in front of Cafe at the Square.  A couple of steps and we were quickly seated at a table.  Cute place with windows that look out onto the street and the nearby park.
Connected to a hotel- I wasn't optimistic about how good the food was going to be- but they pleasantly surprised me.  The coffee was quite good and the food came up fresh and hot.
I ordered an omelet and it was quite good.  Perfectly prepared- I didn't want the toast so they substituted a fruit cup for me which was nice.  Another at the table had the steel cut oatmeal which was quite filling- but the winner of the orders was the fried green tomato breakfast.  
Know if you order this- it is HUGE.  Two thick fried green tomatoes, two eggs, 3 pieces of bacon, a biscuit and breakfast potatoes.  It looked amazing!
Service was attentive and if Bloody Mary's are your thing- they pour a mean one here (lots of vodka) to help start your day off right!
And given it was busy but there was no line to get in- we didn't feel bad about lingering over our coffee and planning our day.  That's the beauty of things on this side of Canal street- less touristy and little hidden gems!
Next time I'm in NOLA- you can bet that this will be one of my first choices when going out for a good breakfast!We went here before going to music in Lafayette Square. The happy hour rum punch drink was very good. The grilled chicken sandwich with spinach was big & juicy with fresh French fries. My hubby got the grilled red fish  & veggies which was very tasty. The place was very cute & clean. Hoping to go back for Sunday brunch.Last day in New Orleans. We planned on having breakfast at this cafe. 
I had an egg white omelette with mushrooms and feta cheese. She brought it with regular eggs first, then had it replaced with the correct order. 
I also substituted my sides with fruits. You can guess how the grapes came in at the very bottom of the cup. Ugh!
My husband had scrambled eggs with potatoes and sliced tomatoes.  the potatoes were covering a layer of over cooked burned potatoes that looked to be leftovers from the morning. Yuck!
Not worth he $25 at all!!!!