Great classic pizza.  Crispy on the outside and soft inside.  Seriously a new neighborhood go-to-spot.  Friendly staff and quick!Shrimp pasta was delicious.. delivery was hot and prompt. Chicken tenders were worth it. We will order from there again.Ordered during a busy time and received food earlier than expected. Food was amazing. We had a meat lovers pizza and the spinach and feta triangles, no leftovers.Careful! The Gorgonzola Walnut Salad contains coups amounts of BACON, despite no mention of meat on the (online) menu: "Gorgonzola Walnut Salad $11.75
Mixed seasonal greens, roma and sun dried tomatoes, walnuts and gorgonzola cheese served with Raspberry Vinaigrette."
It's delicious, but totally wrong for the vegetarian I ordered it for!! Too late for a refund, sadly.Fantastic pizza! We ordered a pizza delivered to a downtown hotel and it arrived quickly, piping hot and delicious!The food was very good!! The delivery was before the expected time. The delivery guy was very niceOrdered a meal from Cafe Roma to be delivered by Uber Eats  at 2:16pm.  At 2:45 the ordered showed it was being delivered.  A few minutes later, it showed Cafe Roma cancelled my order because they were out of an item I ordered.   Not sure how it can be on its way then cancelled cause they were out of an item. 
Cafe Roma could have exercised better customer service by contacting me to see if I still wanted my other items rather than cancelling the whole order - or better yet, they could have removed the option to purchase the item they were out of and prevented this entire negative experience.  
Communication is key.Shrimp scampi was not good. The dish was much too creamy and the shrimp ruined the pasta. You know that weird metallic taste that funky shrimp gives off? Well, it was that. I dodged the shrimp but the fact that they were even mixed in ruined the actual pasta too. 
This was also a delivery so I don't know if this contributed to the awful flavor, but I would say no. Wouldn't order any seafood dish from them ever again, but the reviews seem positive in regard to their pizza, so maybe I'll give that a shot.Ordered take out through Uber eats the other night. 
I ordered the special that was chicken alferdo with a crazed salad, garlic toast and mozzarella sticks for around 25$ I think. 
The pasta was a bit dry but overall not a bad Alfredo. 
Ceased salad was a good size portion and the dressing very creamy. 
Garlic toast actually had cheese on it, which it didn't state on the menu as I prefer it without it. 
The mozzarella fingers definitely left something to be desired, they tasted just like any generic frozen sticks. 
All in all not a bad meal for the price and taste was still there after being delivered.Place is awful. Muffuletta had the square cut ham from Walmart I think they got the chicken wings and bleu cheese from Walmart as well. Service was fine but that is prolly cause I'm the only person to order from here this week. The only thing this place has going for it is the late night delivery. Honestly the worst restaurant I've ever ordered from in my 2 years living in New OrleansExpectation: a pizza I wouldn't necessarily enjoy, but would force myself to eat because I hadn't eaten all day.
Reality: a pretty good pizza. And as a delivery order, I'd say the pizza was really good. Someone described it as better than your big chain pizza joints (eg Papa Johns, Dominos) and I would agree.
Got the chicken tenders as well and was not disappointed with the amount of ranch they provided.Very disappointed with this restaurant. We ordered through Waiter. We were missing a salad & there was a dead fly on my feta roll that I saw on the underside after I took a bite. I called the restaurant 2 different times over a 3 hour period to speak with the manager & was told that they were too busy to speak to me & that they have my number & will call me back when they have time. This is absolutely unacceptable! So 2 of us get no lunch & they don't even care. On a side note, Waiter was great & refunded the money for the 2 items!Owner is racist he refused service from 7 black girls. One who had a cake in hand and it was obvious her birthday full story when you google this place!Ordered online for delivery to a hotel in the CBD.  Got the lasagna, comes with Caesar salad and cheese bread.  A good size portion, very generous with the cheese, the sauce was ok.  Had green peppers, which I wasn't expecting.  Could have used a little garlic and salt, but those are my personal preferences.  Salad was fine, cheese bread looked like a slice of pizza and very cheesy.  Also, ordered mozzarella sticks.  They were fine, marinara was basic, nothing spectacular.  Showed up on time, no complaints with delivery.  The meal hit the spot.  It was nice to order in, and give my achy feet a break.Pizza was delivered on time. But their take on Margherita pizza left us amused. We could not find any basil in the pizza.Online service sucks. Call restaurant for assistance, angry guy answers phone; he states, the online ppl are in British Columbia...do you want to or what??? WTH- don't answer the phone if you don't want to service the public. 
Is this some new kind of service?? Rude and impersonal. I was a customer of the CR on Sophia Wright since the 90's and then the lakefront.  The Orthea C H location needs service training and get rid of the online order service or shop for a new contract.I ordered delivery on a Saturday night. The food arrived quickly, and hot! I ordered the shrimp florentine pasta and Italian salad. The pasta was piping hot and delicious. The white sauce was a little soupy, but it just meant there was plenty to enjoy. The pasta came with a slice of cheesy bread and side salad. The Italian salad was good too.Please do not go to this establishment!! After complaining to the owner about the waitress attitude, she came to the table where we were seated & proceeded to argue with me threatened to get something out of her purse & returned with a switchblade. Yes a switchblade & the owner did nothing as if he was afraid of her. The police was called to scene & the owner pretended nothing ever happened. I have seek legal assistance in this matter.Great food, service, and location! I live close by and have eaten here many times. The food is delicious and the serving sizes are huge! Also have the best chicken parm I've had in the area.Only my thoughts on the pizza: Maybe as good as papa johns or dominos. Upon first glance, it was a grease pit. So much so that the bottom of the box was moist with the excess seeping through. The crust is rubbery and chewy and oddly sweet. It was like biting into store bought hawaiian rolls. Just had a plain pepperoni, and the sauce and topping were both average at best, if they were legitimately good, the gallons of grease and sweet chewy crust masked it. Objectively mediocre, palatable, I guess, but there's a million better pizzas in this town. No reason to order this one.We get lunch from here almost every day. Awesome pizza awesome prices and friendly staff. Genuine new orleans atmosphere and the location couldn't be better  .The Owner or Manager is simply a douchbag!
Don't go there - you will give money to the wrong guy.Food was fresh, cooked well, but inappropriately flavored. I ordered what appears to be the flagship dish for Café Roma, the Shrimp Florentine. The shrimp should be the only thing that tastes like shrimp, but unfortunately, there were no other flavors. The linguine, spinach, and white wine cream sauce all tasted like shrimp. It was inescapable and quickly lost its charm to an offensive flavor. Things that would help would be some spices & flavor such as fresh ground pepper, oregano, and other Italian spices, and perhaps even reducing the sauce over sautéed garlic. The shrimp should be added to the finished pasta, not used as an ingredient so as not to influence the other flavors. With a few tweaks, this dish has the potential to be really spectacular.I really love their shrimp, spinach, and mushroom pizza. It really warms my heart and it doesn't hurt that it's close to my house. This pizza never lets me down. This is my happy food and never too much sauce or greasy!Cafe Roma is not terrible, but its not great, just okay! I asked a few coworkers previously for their recommendations on Cafe Roma, since its so close to me. They all just looked at me and didnt respond. I knew what that meant. 
Few weeks later I ended up ordering from them using Yelp/Eat24 and finding a coupon for my order, BONUS!! I placed my order for a specific time desiring to run in and run out. Once I arrived, the manager told me my food would be out soon... 5 minutes later my order was ready. Granted, 5 minutes is not a long time to wait, but I was confused why there was a wait at all when I placed my order 90 minutes before it was scheduled to be picked up, and there was no one in the restaurant. Literally no one. 
I see that they're on various food service platforms ie. Grubhub, Eat24, Waitr, UberEats so that probably means that they're trying to pull in customers any way they can, since no one is dining in. 
I had the lasagna which came with a slice of cheese pizza and a caesar salad. For the entire meal and my discount from Yelp, I would say it was a pretty decent meal. While the lasagna did not wow me, I would try Cafe Roma again...with a coupon.
This isn't some place I would not recommend for a date, a birthday/anniversary/graduation celebration, or anything semi-formal. Its a pizza place, so its good to cure a hangover, or if you're hangry, in the area and need something in your belly.Had pizza delivered while in our hotel visiting New Orleans.  Fast delivery and very good pizza.  We had a supreme, bbq chicken and sausage & pepperoni.  All three pizzas were very good.Their main claim to fame is they are open late and deliver.  The sandwiches are a bit over priced for the size.  The pasta dishes are a good size and the pizza is definitely not my favorite but better than say a Domino's or Papa John's.  They have relocated to the old orphanage down the street from their previous location so you have to do a little searching inside the old large maze of a place to find them.Came here for my Birthday lunch while visiting NOLA. My husband picked the place out. We jumped on a trolly and headed over. So glad we did. I had the meatball sandwich OMG it's was fantastic. The bread was so fresh and soft it was a huge sandwich. My husband ordered the lasagana, and it was also very good. The salad that came with his lasagana was huge and very tasty. Our friends also ordered a turtle cheesecake it was a large piece and she said it's was wonderful! We will definitely be back on our next visit. Thank you!We stopped by to get iced tea to go and we were waiting for a bus inside. The owner told us to wait outside and he doesn't like that we are here. Wow, no wonder why the restaurant was empty.Pizza has no sauce or flavor... "hot wings" have no sauce on them.  Spent almost $40 on wings and a medium pizza and couldn't even eat it... had to go in the trash.  The pizza toppings are not fresh... the cheese is low quality and hard.  The pepperoni is hard and flavorless... the crust wasn't terrible.Been going to Cafe Roma for years and at the old location it was great. This new location is something to be desired and service wasn't the best. They ask if it's for here or to go then when we are at the table they bring it in a box then ask if we want plates. What did they expect us to eat it on. THEN they didn't even make the right pizza and the guy expected me to pick off what I didn't like on my half. WTF I sent it back. Very disappointing.May have the same name as old place quality surely isn't the same. Time to find a new pizza place around here VERY DISAPPOINTED!!The shrimp fettuccine is my fav  it comes with bread & a small salad. Both very tasty! I order for pickup and they always have it ready super fast!My husband and I ate here on vacation and everything was wonderful! The food was fresh and delicious,  service was fast and our server was amazing. We will definitely be coming back on our next visit!To be fair ordering Italian in NOLA is like ordering fried chicken in north east Pennsylvania.  Probably not going to be fantastic.  This was not great, edible for the most part, but not great.  The wings came with no sauce, the mozzarella sticks were not edible, the meatball Parm was mediocre at best.  Your in the south stick to that amazing southern cuisine all around you. For some great Italian food head up to NY and NJ (terrible fried chicken up there though)The pizza and the French fries are amazing . The meat lovers pizza was good, I added black olives and delicious . The fries were perfect and I asked for ranch and the had it.I ordered the meatballs as an appetizer on last Friday. They normally taste fresh, real and authentic, but this time around they tasted fake and grocery store bought...The first time I went the waitress was kinda rude. It ruined the experience for me. This explains why it's so empty all of the time.My brother found a menu and we decided to call and ask if they deliver. This place is probably one of the few places that offers delivery late at night and accepts credit card! We're not familiar with the city and finding the menu was already a blessing! We got a BBQ chicken pizza, eggplant parm, hummus, and wings. I can't attest to the wings, but the hummus was decent. It came with soft pita bread. The eggplant parm and pizza would probably the highlight for us. The pasta is definitely shareable and if you're not a fan of cheese, I guess mention it ahead of time because it comes with a ton of cheese. The pizza had a really good BBQ sauce and  they really liked the chicken. It was a good find for us!Ordered Spicy wings delivered. Got plain flavorless wings. Called and was told they changed them to plain a while ago because the spicy ones took too long. Why not call me and tell me this instead of taking my money and giving me something I won't even eat. He tried to offer me free wings for the next time I ordered but I definitely won't be coming back for their flavorless wings. I want my money back.We ordered from Cafe Roma whole in NOLA on a girls weekend and we were not disappointed.  The garlic cheese bread was the bomb diggity.  Delivery was on time and faster than expected for a Friday night in the French Quarter.  Would def order from here again!Ordered something on Uber eats. Was waiting for 50 min and order got cancelled . Don't care about clients .This is the best pizza place in town it's  a 5 star cafe. When we walked in everything was neat , and clean.  Great customer service they were prompt . The pizza that I ordered was exactly how I wanted I was very pleased. I going to recommend this Cafe to everyone trust me you want regret it. I can't wait to bring my girl friend.
Thanks !!!
LaQueenai am from NY and have been looking and looking for a Pizza Restaurant that does an authentic Margherita Pizza.  This is something that I have not been able to find yet here in NOLA for 11 years.  I received a menu from Roma at my French Qtr apt and they seemed to have a good Italian menu. I ordered the Ceasar Salad and Margherita Pizza.  It was delivered quickly and I figured I would heat up my pizza stone because I figured it wouldnt be hot, while I ate the salad. I took the salad out of the bag and then threw it away.  It wasnt a Ceasar Salad, just the bad part of the romaine lettuce with about 4 croutons in a plastic container with dressing on the side.  I could do that.  I wanted a real Ceasar with slices of parmasan cheese and dressed properly.   The aka Margherita Pizza was a cheese pizza that with very few pieces of tomatoes, instead of the whole pizza being chopped tomatoes (a real Margherita Pizza), no fresh garlic (garlic powder), no sauce just chewy plastic tasting cheese.  It was terrible.  I put the pizza box on my front steps for someone homeless.  Actually the worst pizza I have had so far.I got baked ziti,which has a lot of uncut onion in it. It was not really delicious and supposed have ricotta but there was only little mozzarella. (2/5) 
Side cezar salad was fresh and delicious. I live the side cheesy bread which came with the pasta. 
Mozeralla sticks-mehh ... I really wanted to eat baked ziti and big disappointment:(The best way to describe the food is boring. Is it bad? No, not really. Was I thinking "boy this chicken parm is great!" while I was thinking it? No. For the price, find somewhere else. There are lots of local Italian and pizza places with far better food. Unless you like food that is simply bland, don't waste your time.It's always so hard to find healthier options late at night in New Orleans. Cafe Roma is perfect. There's a few salad options and makes not eating fast food so much easier!! They stay open until midnight. The salad is super hearty and delicious. The chicken comes on the side, but honestly, i don't even need it.Great pizza!! My favorite place to order delivery from, consistently good. I don't think I they are on magazine anymore but still got super fast delivery.Ordered hotel delivery after a long hot day. Delivery was 30-45 minutes and brought right to our hotel room door. Online order, payment, and tip made it very easy. Pizza was excellent. Got a small pepperoni and a small garlic chicken. Had to force myself to stop eating because it was so good. Crust was delicious. Would definitely order again. Also had sandwiches and pasta. One of us ordered a turkey sandwich and said it was good but the pizza was even better. We are headed back to the city soon and my kids are already asking about this pizza.Unbelievable. We live in chalmette. Accidentally called this one by mistake. Meant to call one on Paris Rd. This lady refused to cancel my order even though she was called back within 5 minutes. Then she refused to answer phone.If ehh was a flavor of pizza. It's okay nothing to crave over or go back to. I will say it was very greasy, I got the Meat Lovers Pizza which had less meat than anything. It wasn't even photo worthy. It just happened to be the only pizza place open late because of covid.Expensive but worth it. Cheesecake Amazing, Alfredo amazing, one day I gotta actually sit there and eat !This is the lunch delivery place that gets me through slow days at work. The meatball appetizer is smothered in melted cheese and the accompanying red sauce is very nice. Not the typical Sysco stuff. The Italian salad is big and very filling. Comes with garlic pizza and awesome. Better pizza delivery in the city.WORST SERVICE I HAVE ever had. The company I work for has ordered from this place many times. My co-worker called in the order...We Ordered 2 crispy chicken salads and asked them to put that on one credit card, which they charged $23 to (the menu has the salads as $12.75 each) and ordered a chicken Caesar salad and asked them to put on another card which was charged $21(the menu has the salad as $12.25). The girl taking the order was VERY rude and had a major attitude problem- apparently she was also the manager on duty bc when I called back and asked to speak to the manager she told me she was the one taking all the to go orders and continued giving me more attitude and hung up on me. Called back to cancel all 3 orders and asked to have a credit back on the 2 cards used and will make sure to call and talk to the owner Erhan. Terrible customer service! Sucks bc we order from this place at least twice a week and the food is always legit...but sorry NEVER ordering from this place again!We are visiting New Orleans from Colorado, and maybe out here pizza is not really a big thing because on google reviews this place got a lot of good reviews. However, I found it way overpriced and not good at all!  We had it delivered to the hotel, and the order was wrong... I was charged for 2 salads instead of 1, asked for angel hair pasta with my bolognese but got soggy ziti noodles instead.  I ordered the 'spicy' wings and they came with no sauce on them at all! Looked like microwaved, unseasoned wings, and  not spicy, so I am thinking someone forgot to pour the sauce on these wings, UGH!! $7 for a tiny caesar salad that you can get at a cafeteria for $3, and supposedly their croutons are 'homemade' according to the website.  OMG, what a bunch of crap!!  I have had homemade croutons and these are NOT them - they are out of a package. One of them was hard as a rock, I am lucky I did not crack a tooth on it.   The pizza is not good at all, either...The driver arrived with our pizza sitting on his front seat, not in an insulated pizza container, so of course the pizza was luke warm.  I had also given a nice tip ahead of time, which now I wish I had not.  My chocolate cake was dry, and for the price I paid it should have tasted amazing!  We have had some outstanding food out here, but this place sucked!The food was great and the portions are huge! Great pizza, subs, and pastas. Our group of eight had a little bit of everything off the menu, and everything was wonderful!I used to get food from the old Cafe Roma just off Magazine St, so when they moved to OC Haley, I figured it was time to try them out again. A few weeks ago, I ordered a pepperoni pizza. To be clear here, I am a pizza snob, a badge of honor for me as a former New Yorker. For the last decade and change, finding good pizza in New Orleans has been a challenge. 
That said, let me report this: Cafe Roma has a truly solid pizza.
In case it could've been a one-off, I ordered a cheese pizza from there for verification. It also did not disappoint. Cheesy, had tasty pizza sauce (often missed in New Orleans pizza), and a tasty crust. Of course, it was not quite a New York slice. But it was a damn good one for New Orleans.
Absolutely will order again and again.Ordered a cheese pizza and the cheese is so tough that I've choked about 3 times, but for some reason I can't stop eating itThese guys are great! I order here all the time! During hurricane Ida they were unable to fulfill my order for one Large pizza. Instead they gave me three small pizzas. More than made up for the difference. I was happy just to have food and glad they were open. Nothing was open in town and I've been working on all my properties that have been devastating. Great pizza and great employees that really made a difference for me!Pandemic review:
Take out Italian was the decision for Father's Day this year. And I had picked a restaurant... but they were closed for vacation. Whoops. So I searched around and found that Cafe Roma as open on Sundays and put in my order. 
I picked up 2 shrimp pasta dishes (alfredo and primavera), 2 chicken sandwiches (parm and caesar) as well as large salad and a meatball app. My Mom said the meatballs were divine and saved them to add to pasta to make another entire meal. My Dad LOVED the chicken parm sandwich and my Mom really liked her chicken caesar. AND they were both enormous, easily making 2 meals for my parents. The 2 shrimp dishes had almost the same sauce with the alfredo just having more cheese. They were both good and the portion size was good. The garlic bread (cheese bread, not much garlic) was tasty and the side salad was a good portion.
Ordering was easy (via grubhub) and pickup was right on time. There was a table barring entrance into the restaurant and the person who brought me my food was wearing a mask.
Will definitely be back in the future.I just wanted to say, excellent customer service! I had an issue with the Postmates delivery service not dropping off my pizza but saying through it's app it was delivered. I couldn't leave work this day to pick it up, so I had ordered through Postmates. When I contacted Cafe Roma directly, they empathized and made it right, and delivered a very freshly made pizza in no time with one of their own workers, even though they use outside services for delivery. They went above and beyond to resolve a customer issue that really wasn't their fault. The pizza was DELICIOUS, and I have told my whole staff here at work that this is the pizza place to order from now moving forward. Thank you, Cafe Roma. Good business always gets rewarded.Large family, just arrived from out of town. The good - easy to order online for delivery. Decent selection for both adults and children, had shrimp pastas & pizza.  Order was delivered on time and hot. 
The bad - all 4 orders of angel hair pasta were incorrect and had very little shrimp with no whole shrimp, just bits & pieces.  Pizza was just ok. order for 4 adults & 2 children- $140.Love the clean and fresh atmosphere. The food is fantastic. I can eat that hummus daily. The chicken in the salad was juice and very flavorful. The pizza was great. The crust was chewy and soft but not soggy and the toppings were fresh and delicious.Stopped in on a Tuesday afternoon after finding their flyer on my fence. So glad I did! The Turkey sandwich had mozzarella, tomato, lettuce and Mayo. Veggies were super fresh. Bread was baked just right. Mozzarella sticks were so tasty and the fries were worth the $5. The place looked newly renovated. Service was superb. Will definitely stop back.IMO this place is an undiscovered gem. I come here for late night pasta and it's so good! caesar salad, baked ziti, and garlic cheesy bread for $14.99!!! it's awesome and big portions. I have never left unsatisfied. One weird thing I must add is there is never any people in this restaurant but I don't understand why but the service is super fast and usually nice. If you don't like people, and you do like pasta, hit this place up.We had this delivered through Uber. The food arrived hot and timely. The portion sizes were big! It was very tasty and we definitely will visit in person next time we are in town.Ordered hotel delivery after a long hot day. Delivery was 30-45 minutes and brought right to our hotel room door. Online order, payment, and tip made it very easy. Pizza was excellent. Got a small pepperoni and a small garlic chicken. Had to force myself to stop eating because it was so good. Crust was delicious. Would definitely order again. Also had sandwiches and pasta. One of us ordered a turkey sandwich and said it was good but the pizza was even better.The chicken parm is huge and it comes with a salad both which easily feed 2 adults. And a little cheesy bread too! Bargain for the price.  
Food at cafe Roma is always satisfying. Not the best chicken parm I've had but hit the spot when I needed a big plate of pasta. The shrimp pasta was even better.  I'd definitely order either again.I came here to review because my food was AMAZING and am shocked to see only 3 stars?!! I've never ordered or eaten here before, but I doordashed it bc it's free delivery bc of COVD-19 and it's DoorDash rating is 4.7 out of 5 (I hope this is the right place lol). I got a large vegetarian pizza and it's delicious! I'm super picky about pizza and this one was perfect! Things I care about: crust-thickness, taste of red sauce, amount of red sauce, cheese to sauce ratio, and toppings. The red sauce was delicious and they put a good amount on the pizza (I can't stand when pizza is lacking sauce) the crust was perfectly thin and crunchy BUT it was also chewy w good flavor. Fresh toppings, and perfect amount of cheese.. YUM! I got the spicy chicken wings and they looked nicely cooked and they tasted great. I am impressed and I will be a repeat customer! I got some other stuff too that I  saving for later but everything looks nicely packaged and well-cooked! Maybe someone bought this place? Or maybe the COVID-19 pandemic somehow motivated them to do better (lol? I don't know but I'm happy!When you guys left your location on Camp & Sophie Wright, I was distraught! I tried all the other places around the LGD area, but didn't get the Cafe Roma Combo Pizza that I loved for years... So, finally tonight, I ordered from this new location of yours and I'm happy to say that it's my old pizza, just like before. Same, deliciously thick cheese and meaty slice! Perfect sauce too. It is on again. Thanks guys.Delicious! (I hadn't eaten there until tonight.) I was very happy with fried stuffed ziti- appetizer (that had many of them in an order) and had marinara sauce that was wonderful. Shrimp Fettuccine was OMG good as well as my eggplant dish - both came with Caesar salad ( it was included as was French bread). Enough left for another day!! Dishes came in aluminum pan that will go great in AirFryer or oven warm up for another meal!!! I did nothing but add fresh ground pepper to my salad- One of the best Italian pasta meals I've had- ZUMMY!
Since we went into LockDown (shelter in place) I have ordered from many places- this is top of the list when I want Italian!! 
( no pic of shrimp dish- it was devoured before I got iphone out)!My husband ordered pizzas for us Friday night. A chicken and artichoke with olive and a sausage and mushroom with olive. They were so raw the cheese wasn't melted and a piece couldn't even be picked up without a spatula it was so soggy. So after waiting 45 minutes we had to wait an extra 20 to bake it. Dough was inferior to our last experience however, that may have been a baking issue. The ingredients were scarce and had no value. What a waste of a cheat day and a sorry excuse for a pizza or two.Ok this place is so good and i love it because they stay open really late so it's perfect when it's late but you still want a real meal!  they have an awesome deal with pasta, caesar salad (big portion) and garlic cheesy bread for $14.99!! like U GOTTA COME HERE!! i don't understand why the place isn't packed when we come bc we keep coming back. the service is good too. never disappointed.I'm giving Cafe Roma 5 stars because it's a family run business with a lot of personality. I often get their pizza delivered, consistently fast but has been slow. I've found their pizza to be the best when you're planning to have leftovers. The pizza honestly tastes better the next day after being reheated in the oven. They have great pasta options that come with side salads and a cheese bread pizza slice. They also have great subs, particularly the chicken parm. I have had really great experiences with the staff and even when they do mess up they try their best to correct it. I highly recommend this place for take out or delivery.I ordered delivery to my hotel and I thought it came early and it was still warm when I got it. The pizza looked average but tasted above average :) being from New York my standards for pizza are unattainable and this definitely scratched the itch while visiting NOLA. The margarita was yummy and I got a Caesar salad with it. It wasn't very expensive I paid around 25$ with a 15% delivery tip.Are you on a budget? Or just like a great deal? This is by far the best deal in the city. 
Every pasta dish I've got is plenty for 2 for less than $20. Huge tin of pasta loaded with fillings with a salad and piece of cheese bread!!  Divide it up in 2 plates and dig in. 
Often you sacrifice flavor or quality for price and that's not the case here. Not only is it a bargain but food is delicious.Absolutely disgusting! I ordered two shrimp dishes for dinner. The shrimp still had their veins in them! The manager was incredibly rude and simply said,  "well that's your preference to want them deveined" and refused to take the food back. The worst sort of costumer service. Never again! I want to vomit!Our greet time was too long considering there was only one person dining in at the time. Our appetizer and entree came at the same time, totally unacceptable . My entree was missing the artichokes that I ordered. It seems like everyone was more concerned about Grubhub than us!!!My server was awful she should change professions.Love love the grilled shrimp pizza.  The crust is DEVINE.  The shrimp are a good size.  I also get the side order of meatballs.  Excellent!!  Highly recommended.Ordered via UberEATS and the food was amazing! The food was well packaged for take out and was well enjoyed. We ordered the Manicotti, Lasanga, Chicken Parm, and BBQ Chicken Pizza. All Items were great and would 100% order again.Our greet time was too long considering there was only one person dining in at the time. Our appetizer and entree came at the same time, totally unacceptable . My entree was missing the artichokes that I ordered. It seems like everyone was more concerned about Grubhub than us!!!My server was awful she should change professions.