Okay so I did not stay and eat. We came in and were taken upstairs to this stuffy ads room while there was plenty of seats on the lower level. So I left. FYI they print the menu daily cause we considered ordering but the lamb we wanted was not on offer that day. I gave it two stars cause the ambience is so nice and for the possibility of good food. LolWe got there around 8pm on a Saturday and were seated outside immediately. The whole place has a super cozy atmosphere, almost as if it was someone's home. Plus, it boasts a beautiful courtyard, complete with heaters for the chillier days. 
Our service was very good. Potentially the best we had while in New Orleans. The cocktails were good too, though I forget which ones I tried. In regards to food:
Mozzarella fire balls: 5/10
While they were decent, there was really nothing too special about them.
Pork chop: 8/10
As far as pork chops go, this one was good! I especially loved the creamy grits. 
Fish of the day 9/10
The fish the day we went was a red fish. And it was delicious! 
Overall, our experience was great! I will definitely go back the next time I'm back in New Orleans. I will say, however, that the pricing gravitates more towards $$$ rather than just $$, as listed on yelp.5 stars - cocktails
3 stars - food
Cocktails were the best I had this trip. Could have had something to do with the fact we were sitting on the stuffy patio in 90-degree heat at lunch time. My swizzle, not too strong, had just the perfect alcohol content and balance. My companion ordered the Elysian Fields Forever and it was similarly refreshing.
Starters were nice. Shrimp and grits was perfect except I could have done without the creole mayo everyone puts on everything in New Orleans (but calls something different). Fresh tomato soup was a triumph of good ingredients.
As for the mains... that's where things fell flat. I guess we'd already had a few good po'boys by this point in the trip, and we were disappointed that every entree on the menu except for one was a sandwich! All were too heavy. The catfish poboy, while tasty, was covered in that same creole mayo and leaked greasy drippings as I bit into it. Not really what I wanted to eat in the middle of the day.  Cochon de lait was a good sliced cold roast pork sandwich, but nothing more.
Definitely would try more of the lighter fare here - small plates, appetizers, soups, salads... and of course more of those refreshing cocktails.Love this place for brunch!  The free drinks are also a hit!  Definitely try the belgian waffle - can't say enough good stuff about this place!Went here two times when I was in NOLA for French quarter fest. Great location and food.One of my favorite places to eat and visit every time we travel here. The food is always excellent. We enjoy coming in the evening for dinner and sitting in the courtyard! One of my favorites starters are the Brussels Sprouts. The chicken dinner is excellent. The bone in buffalo chicken is awesome with the blue cheese sauce and the cilantro is great. Served with mashed potatoes and the asparagus. Loved it.Decided to try this place for dinner one night when in NOLA for work. Close to the French Quarter on a parallel street to Bourbon. It was SUPER dark inside the restaraunt which made it actually hard to see anything. While I was waiting for my prosecco a couple of folks came into the restaurant who knew the people working at the bar and they proceeded to have a very LOUD conversation while the customers dropped some f bombs which I thought was inappropriate as there were kids nearby but I digress. My waitress was attentive and the food I got was good. Not sure I would come back again but it was ok.I was dining solo and arrived at the restaurant at 5 pm on a Thursday before dinner rush with lots of tables open on the patio and inside but was told I could only sit at the bar to eat. Food was great but would have been better if I could have experienced it on the beautiful patio area.I love Café Amelie so much, I named my dog after it! (Just the Amelie part). Easy to miss--happened upon the signboard one day while strolling up Royal and decided to give it a try. After entering the front gate, I was pleasantly surprised by the beautiful courtyard. It's well-hidden from the street. My favorite drink is the Ruby Slipper, and I've honestly loved every entrée I've ordered from the menu.
 I once even brought Amelie there, and the kind wait staff provided her with her own water bowl. Unfortunately she chose to show her gratitude by jumping in the garden and rolling around in the petunias, which the staff was very nice about. I highly recommend Café Amelie, but if your dog really enjoys frolicking in lovely gardens or fountains, it's probably best that you leave her at home.super tasty.  nice spot.  went for late lunch.  after meetings and hung over.  great spot to chill, read paper, and eat some good food.  oyster app and salmon entrée were good.  service was good but not great.  still enjoyed!!Amazing restaurant! The place is beautiful and the food is great! It's in a lovely, quiet part of the French Quarter.every time I dine here my expectations are surpassed. The fried catfish sandwich is divine, as is the shrimp and grits and different salad selections. The courtyard is quaint and quintessentially French Quarter. And the drinks are divine. Try my fav- the French 75,Food is amazing but the service absolutely sucks. I never got my appetizer and our server never checked up on us. He would've gotten a fat tip just from the drinks I ordered but now he just lost a customer.Pretty much disappointed with our New Years Eve dinner. Oysters in oyster dip were inedible and had to be spit out after a good chew. Pork tenderloin was undercooked. Both orders were incorrect as the waiter didn't write the orders down. They did comp one of the orders, though, without a request or complaint. It's going to be a while before I come back here. Love the ambienceIt was getting on the later side for dinner and we were walking around Yelping for a place to eat and I stumbled upon this gem, and that it is, a gem.  It was only 1-1.5 hours from closing when we got there and there was an hour wait.  At this point we were willing to wait, as we had trouble getting in a few other places.  
The ambiance is fantastic, just what you want for waiting.  Great little courtyard with several benches to wait at, very relaxing and well done.  We got some cocktails from the bar and they were great (I would recommend the rhubarb bourbon drink).  The wait was a great time to have some chill conversation.
We were feeling pretty sharing this trip, so we did one of every appetizer for our meal (and doubled-up on a few after we ate them the first time).  The shrimp and grits seemed to be everyone's favorite and it was yummy indeed.  I personally loved the poutine and burrata.  The poutine was the best I've had, it hit so many good elements you just wanted more.  The burrata was creamy and subtle, which is a great balance to some of the more aggressive flavors on the other dishes (but nothing was overly aggressive on any dish).  
I also want to give a shout out to our waiter he was super cool as well (don't remember his name, but I like any Bears/Cubs fan)
We come to NOLA every year, as I have a client here and I hope to make this place a yearly stop in the future!Loved this place. We had dinner here on our vacation and it was great. They have a very nice patio if the weather is nice. Try the shrimp and grits!I am about to give very honest feedback on dining experience that I had 40 minutes ago. Based on positive reviews, we walked about 40 minutes to dine here. When we walked in, the beautiful courtyard welcomed us warmly. Water fountain, Italian lights, and cute garden made us super excited. We did not have a reservation so had to wait about 30 minutes for outdoor seats. We did not mind hanging around at the beautiful courtyard until we started bitten by moschiqos. It should be noted that the hosts gave us repellent which was very nice of them. My friend had 6 + bites and I had one, then we changed our mind to sit at an indoor table. Our table was in the middle of action, which was busier than bourbon street. We asked to move to a table by the window. The server told us that the table is reserved for the owner and she, the owner, is coming tonight. Shortly after we found out that it was a lie. The other party on the wait list with us sat there. Very unprofessional to lie to your patrons!
We had shrimp and grits that everyone talks about. It was the best shrimp and grits that I have ever had. It was worth every mosquito bite, wait, and a lie. For the main entree we had the special entree which was roasted pork with mashed potato and green beans. Our server highly recommended it. It was the worst dish I ever had in a while. Sauce was so sweet that it hurted my palate. I stop eating after one bite. So much for $29 chef's special entree! That was just bad. I wouldn't eat it even if it was a dollar. 
Lastly, the nine layered cake was disappointing as well. It tasted like from a grocery store. Overall, shrimp and grits was a way to go but i can't ignore too many other misses. Won't recommend.This restaurant is a must for fans of great food and ambience.  The service was excellent as well.
Try to get a courtyard seat if you can for maximum ambience; however, if the wait is too long, eating inside with a view out the big windows is still very charming, and the food is just as sublime wherever you are seated.
My partner, who I had never heard gush about food at all, got the chicken, and said that it was the best chicken he's ever had, which is saying something, given is extensive world travels and up-bringing.I loved this place. Good food, good prices and best of all an amazing courtyard. iI's like a breath of fresh in the french quarter. it has a tranquil laid back vibe with solid food at reasonable prices. Try:: shrimp and grits and house drinks.Went here after reading reviews on yelp and was not disappointed. Everything was excellent. Owner is a really nice guy who gave us lots of suggestions for our stay in nola. Would recommend to anyone.I wish I could leave a review on the food BUT I DIDN'T EVEN GET THROUGH THE FRONT GATE. 
I had a reservation (OpenTable) at 2:45 PM on a Sunday and a worker at the gate told me they were closed. I explained I had a reservation, but he said sorry we're closed but I could see people still dining. 
So.. ok I get it they closed early for some reason. Probably over booked, which signifies bad management. I called to make a formal complaint on the phone and the woman (Hannah) HUNG UP THE PHONE right after I said "I would like to make a complaint."
I gave her the benefit of the doubt and called back in case the line was disconnect on accident (Nope, she definitely hung up). She was so RUDE. I really did not expect that from such a highly rated and elegant cafe. She just wanted to get rid of me and all I was trying to do was make a formal complaint. She started with 1) we can't accommodate you to 2) the kitchen is closed  to 3)Cafe Amelie is closed. Yes, I get it. I WANT TO MAKE A FORMAL COMPLAINT. That's all, which btw she didn't care about. This all happened before 3:00PM when Cafe Amelie was supposed to be officially closed. 
Based on my experience, Cafe Amelie has:
1) unfriendly service (at least on the phone)
2) Over booking/Bad time management
It would have been nice to at least get an apology for 1) any inconvenience (it was not easy to find or get to) and 2) not fulfilling my reservation or cancelling ahead of time. I didn't get an apology and can't expect that either unfortunately. I wouldn't have bothered taking the time to go there if they had just contacted me to let me know that they had to cancel my reservation. Generally this is something a highly efficient restaurant would do. Well...they did cancel it after I called since I received a cancellation email at 2:57pm. Highly disappointed at this establishment.One of my favorite meals in NOLA! Given the fact that there are already 1444 reviews and 1255 pictures, this place really doesn't need another five star review.  However, I have to document my experience here, if not for anyone else, but for me to read in the future.  In a way, Yelp has become my food journal :)  Cafe Amelie is one of the most charming restaurants I've been to.  Starting from the beautiful signage and gorgeous courtyard.  I feel like I am stepping to a wealthy person's garden from the 1920s.  We got there around 11am for our 11:15 reservation and there was already a long time by the hostess table.  Thankfully the line moved fairly fast and we elected to sit inside by the window with a sweeping view of the garden.  We ordered:
Fig & Goat Cheese - I've decided to order this dish after looking through the photos on Yelp simply because how pretty it looked.  This dish was a good balance to the rest of the dishes we ordered as it felt light and refreshing.  Don't get me wrong, it is bread slathered with goat cheese, but it was the perfect pairing with the butter heavy shrimp & grits, as well as the spiciness of the cochon de lait sandwich.  I loved the dried fruits embedded in the bread and how well the fig jam paired with the goat cheese.  The only thing that would make this dish even better would be the inclusion of fresh figs.
Shrimp & Grits - hand's down the best shrimp & grits I've had in NOLA.  Words cannot describe how perfectly cheesy and buttery the grits were.  They melted in my month, and I am actually salivating a bit just writing this.  The shrimps were good, but the grits were definitely the star in this dish.  This was my favorite dish here.
Chicken & Andouille Sausage Gumbo - a great dish, but I personally thought the gumbo here was the second best gumbo that I've tried in this city (the first being the one from the Gumbo Shop).  I thought it was perfectly seasoned and I love the fact that they use shredded chicken, that way, I can get chicken at each bite!
Cochon De Lait Sandwich - this was my guy's favorite dish.  I thought the pork was too spicy for my taste.  I normally like spicy food, but thought this was too spicy for me to truly enjoy it.  My guy did thought of an ingenious plan of pairing the sandwich with the fig jam from the fig & goat cheese dish.
Doberage Cake - this was one of the items I most looked forward to when I read the Yelp reviews for this place, and was sad when I didn't see this dessert listed on the menu.  Fortunately, my waiter saved the day and found a piece in the kitchen that was left over from the prior night's dinner service.  This was one of the highlights of my meal, it was moist and not super sweet, despite the caramel drizzles.  We asked for a couple of scoops of vanilla ice cream, and that made it even better!
Service here started a bit slow, we waited for at least 10-15 minutes before our waiters walked over (and that was only due to the fact that I've flagged him down).  To be fair, it was a full house and all the servers seemed a bit overwhelmed.  However, service picked up from there, our waiter was fairly attentive and stopped a few times to check on us, as well as to provide refills of water and coffee.  Moreover, as I mentioned above, he tracked down a piece of doberage cake for me, and that makes him a hero in my book!  Overall, this was an amazing experience and I highly recommend it to anyone who is vising NOLA.Stopped by after a Ghost Tour for dessert. Service was great!  Food was amazing. Will definitely come back here for dinner on our next trip to New Orleans.Went for Sunday brunch without reservations, so we waited an hour. The bar staff was super friendly though, so it went by fast. We were seated upstairs and it was very cute and cozy. Food was excellent and waitress was friendly. Definitely would return!The food was okay, not too surprising. But the service was sooooo terrible. It was our second day of vacation, and we just arrived in New Orleans. As soon as we arrived, I tried to find something amazing to eat on Yelp, and this cafe came to my sight for its unbelievable reviews and delicious shrimp and grits. We were attracted to its unique patio and building style. But the host seemed kinda cold, but it was ok. The server came to us after we sat down. She told us the special soup and special drink for the day. We are not native speaker so the way she talked was too fast for us to catch. My friend asked her "what is the special food?" She said some kind soup and "I've already said". And when I asked her what was your daily pasta special. She just told me it was on the menu. There was explanation under the "daily pasta special". But I saw crawfish pasta in Yelp, I assumed there would be something different since it was "daily special". Then she just told us she would be back and hurried to the next table behind us. She didn't ask us for drinks!!!! After she gave that table drinks, she passed by our table three times and not a single word for us. She even greeted to the table which came in after us. We did get three cups of water from a nice busboy. About 20 minutes later, she still didn't come back to us. One of my friends went to the host asking about where our server was. She apologized. And 5 mins later the server came back. The first word she said was "is there more questions?" I was angry about the way she treated us who were her customers. But I replied "no, not really." And we got our food order. She totally ruined our mood for visiting. Definitely won't be back again. Even though the food was good and the environment is beautiful. Not worth it. Not recommend. In my opinion, she's definitely a racist. And she deserved what she got in the end.Great little cafe with romantic atmosphere! We decided to eat here because the reviews looked great & the dress code was casual. The hubby had the special which was a jerk style pork tenderloin. The flavors were delicious according to him and accompanied with yummy green beans. He also really liked the local Nola beer.  I had the citrus chicken, which the server recommended for being marinated in fancy citrus from a local farm. The chicken was baked and was juicy and savory with a lemon/citrus flavor. They served it with asparagus and mashed potatoes, that were excellently prepared. We also shared a beet salad with goat cheese that was very generous with the roasted beets in balsamic drizzle. We did not have dessert because we had a party to attend later but the table next to us had an amazingly decorative seven layers cake I wanted to try!!  
The service was excellent and I enjoyed the old fashioned romance of the building, we ate in the carriage house. The patio is adorable but it was too hot weather when we visited in a June day.Let me start by saying the food was very good. The problem was with the hostess & wait staff. The hostesses were rude & made snide comments while waiting for table & having to clean it, we were on time for our reservation, they were late. It was a while before we got water & were waited on. The servers seemed as though they could not be bothered with us. Our waitress did not know what the chef's dessert was. We wanted to take our leftover food home with us, our plates were dropped.  No restitution was made for us, we barely got an apology & the waitress said it doesn't keep well anyway.  Very disappointed in our service.The food was amazing! I ordered the muffuletta and my wife ordered the shrimp and gritz. Both were delicious and highly recommend!  The mimosas were also on point and the atmosphere is what you look for when you come to New Orleans!Always our first thought for dining. Setting in the courtyard is lovely. Food prep consistent. Servers are friendly and helpful. Service is efficient.My life will never be the same. Nor will my taste buds. The shrimp and grits were one of the best meals I have ever had. Beautiful setting. Great staff. All around five-star worthy. This will be my first stop the next time I am in New Orleans.Delicious! Very fresh menu. We sat outside and had excellent service. Our server even apologized for the food taking too long, but we thought it was very fast! We splurged and had dessert--chocolate lava cake with chicory ice cream. Yum! Highly recommend the outdoor seating for a nice romantic dinner in the French Quarter.Romantic setting!! Amazing outdoor courtyard and cute cottage bar. Great cocktails, champagne, and wine.
Pros
Romantic courtyard with fountain
Ambiance
Service
Drink list
Food
Cons
It closes early on weekendsWhat a gorgeous restaurant. We sat on the patio for dinner in 70-degree weather and could not believe how magical the atmosphere felt. It was almost like being in the backyard of a friend (if that friend was incredibly wealthy and a stellar chef). I don't have any friends like this, so I'll settle for making reservations any time I'm in town.
Cafe Amelie is open and inviting, yet secluded from the street. There's greenery all around and an old-world feel that is customary for the French Quarter. The service was attentive and friendly. Although we didn't partake, the wine and cocktail list looked excellent. The homemade seeded french bread with butter was a wonderful starter. Of all the breads, french isn't at the top for me -- but this was so fresh, I went back for seconds. 
Fresh is really the best way to describe all the food at Amelie. Natural flavors shine and are complemented by each other. We loved the beet and goat cheese salad as well as the salmon with the cream sauce. After days of eating heavy, fried foods, it was nice to have something light and delicious. Would recommend to anyone (but make reservations!)I've been to Amelie three or four times and it's always very scrumptious. The atmosphere is perfect for a date night and they have great drinks as well. Service is impeccable and knowledgeable about the menu. My husband and I will keep going back!I just ate the best sandwich I have ever had. Cubano also the coleslaw is really yummy! Ice coffee, very clean great fast service!I can't say enough good things about this place!! 
And every time we bring people here, they also enjoy the place very much. 
I suggest the shrimp and grits and the gumbo (best I've ever had, hands down! 
And if it's sunny, seat out in the patio. 
And our favorite server so far was: everyone we had serving us! They always seem to really enjoy their job. And expect them to be enjoying themselves on dress up weekends!!This was my first time here and I came for lunch. I got the chicken classic salad sandwich and it was really fresh and good. The pastries looked really good but I didn't have room for dessert after my sandwich.Wonderful lunch here! I had the beet salad with goat cheese and walnuts and the salmon cake.  Everything was fresh and delicious! Service was awesome as well.Try the boucherie with fries... It's a fancy version of poutin served NOLA style. Fries with a light gravy and boucherie with cheese on top. Also a good bet if you want something light and filling is the Amelie mixed salad. The ambience inside is not fancy but casual, yet the outside seating has a small but quaint garden which is closed off from the street hustle and noise.Had a hard time narrowing our meals down on a short trip but glad this was one of the stops. Five stars all the way. Perfect night to eat outside. Everyone's entree was great. Baked chicken, chop on grits, duck, everything perfect. Generous portions. You won't leave hungry.
Bill won't scare you either. About 25 per entree. Would eat here again on next visit.1) That courtyard is a pile of sex. If you're on a date and you have dinner in that courtyard and then do not IMMEDIATELY go home and bone like teenagers, you're doing everything wrong.
2) In the event that it is fall (and 70 degrees because it's the south) and they are serving Turducken Gumbo, order it. It's hearty and delicious and two people can split it if they want to but why would you want to?
3) That courtyard though. Seriously.
4) Service is incredibly nice and the kitchen appears to be upstairs (??) so be really nice to your servers because making people unnecessarily climb flights of stairs is a dick move.My wife and I at here for our anniversary.  The outdoor seating and atmosphere were awesome.   The table and chairs are not the most comfortable, but they were comfortable enough.
For an appetiser, I had the goat cheese and fig jam on bread.  My wife had the goat cheese and beet salad.  Both were great.  I really loved the fig jam.
For our entrees we had the atlantic salmon and the pork chop.  both were done well, especially the salmon.  I loved it.  
We ended the meal with coffee and the bread pudding.
It was a great evening and the waiter made our time special.The food here was excellent. The atmosphere had a French country vibe, which I liked. However we arrived during the water boil advisory and weren't able to order iced tea ect. I get it we had to buy bottled water. However after receiving the bill the bottled water was 6 dollars each meaning we spent 40 dollars in water. That was stupid. I think they should've had a better deal then that considering. Oh well. Also another annoyance is that the menus stated that they can accept 4 card payments. However when we paid we were only able to pay with two.I thoroughly enjoyed my solo dinner here. The food was good, the ambiance even better.What an amazing place.  I stumbled into Cafe Amelie this past Saturday while browsing the galleries on Royal Street.  I travel to NOLA every few months on business and was delighted to come across this gem.  The courtyard is incredible (shady and relaxing).  The food is amazing- had an awesome salad and gourmet sandwich.  Most items are organic.  The staff is friendly.
I highly recommend Cafe Amelie to anyone looking to enjoy a real New Orleans experience.Cute/charming restaurant in the middle of fun/lively French Quarter. Highly recommend Shrimp & grits nom nom nom! Love the outdoor ambiance, it's a good place for any occasionCame here for my last meal in N'awlins, and I heard so much about their shrimp and grits. 
I rolled as a party of 1 and was told that the wait was also 45minutes unless I opt to sit at the bar; I opted to sit at the bar, even though the evening transformed to a nice, cool romantic-like atmosphere (especially in the courtyard) after a beautiful hot but breezy day.
I enjoyed the pairing of scrimps and Abita Strawberry lager some other night I was on Royal street at some other place, so I got that.  For food, I had 2 appetizers/starters: the satsuma glazed pepper shrimp (about 5 medium-large sized shrimp on top of a small bed of greens), and the shrimp and grits.
I wish they dialed back the salt on the shrimp, which completely fried my taste buds. The satsuma pepper glazed shrimp had some sort of marmalade component to it so  the sweetness, at least, blunted the force of the salt.  
The star of Cafe Amelie's take shrimp n' grits is the maque choux--creamy with some corn cooked in a spicy cream sauce. The shrimp would've shared some of the glory if it weren't oversalted.
Overall, I'd say i'll give this place 3.5 stars, round up to 4.Came in for lunch on a Friday.  We ordered the mozzarella balls for an app and gumbo. The mozzarella balls were a little under seasoned.  The gumbo was to die for.  I was seriously sad when I got to the end of the bowl. The patio was so nice.  Make reservations in advance or you may be waiting a while for this gem of a restaurant.This was such an awesome experience! Food was excellent and the bar tenders were very on top of their game! Had the mixed greens and pork chop on top of grits. To die for. Highly recommend!!Wow! We went for Sunday brunch. The line outside the door in preparation for their 1100 open was very long. I highly recommend getting reservations, which allowed us to move to the front and be seated first (guaranteeing a seat). The ambiance is superb, a courtyard in an old French quarter house with a fountain, mature trees, and lots of ferns. Their full bar provided us with tasty beverages and their coffee is good. The shrimp and grits is out of this world, some of the best I have ever had (and I have eaten a lot of shrimp and grits in my time). I had the over easy with cochon de lait, which was delicious. Husband had Amelie scramble, which he also enjoyed. Greatly enjoyed all of it and would absolutely return.Really charming, romantic setting. Great prices, too. We not the burratta to start. And then $29 surf and turf, which seemed very reasonable! The filet was cooked perfectly-- I like mine rare, and it was cooked solidly.While they don't have a gluten free menu, the staff was very knowledgeable about the ingredients in their dishes.  I thoroughly enjoyed my salad and shrimp and grits!  Try the Strawberry Shrub for something different to drink!  Like most restaurants in the French Quarter, this was a pricey place to eat, but IMO, you pay nearly the same to eat at other spots where the food isn't nearly as good.
Reservations recommended - when we tried to do a walk-in for dinner, they were fully booked and didn't take any walk-ins.  For lunch the following day, we were able to walk-in (in fact, they didn't take reservations for lunch), but we were told there would be an hour wait.  It was more like 15 minutes.The concierge at our hotel recommended this place. It did not disappoint! Sat outside at the courtyard and took in the scenery. Ate the most amazing grits and being from Miami God knows we don't eat grits. Amazing!! Great way to start our Sunday. Highly recommend.We came on a Saturday but it was closed for a wedding, so we came back for Sunday brunch. I ordered a nice rose wine and the shrimp and grits for our appetizer.  Both were amazing! By far,  the best shrimp and grits that I have ever had! My boyfriend ordered the pork sandwich and I ordered the blackened catfish sandwich and though my sandwich was delicious, I secretly dream about being reunited with the pork sandwich lol The only bad thing was that it was ridiculously windy that day and we weren't allowed to move indoors.Loved it. Really cute place. It stays busy too! We first walked up and put our name on the list and were told 1.5 hour wait. Within ten minutes we were called though. They said they had to wait on the reservations to not show up. Either way the staff moved quickly even with being so busy. We ordered the pork chop which came with grits and green beans. I don't like pork but I couldn't stay off my husbands plate. It was very very very good. We also had the Brussels sprouts- which were lovely! But I would've preferred a little bigger portion for the price. The chicken and waffles is what we went for, but they only have them on Saturday and Sunday.Loved this place. Casual. Outdoor or indoor seating options. Loved the ambiance of the outside. Good drink options. Reasonable prices. Lots of vegetarian options.  Skip the cake that everyone was raving about on yelp; I eat A LOT of cake and didn't get the hype. Walk down to Sucre for dessert and get their famous eclair or the likes.I'm from California and had many people that are from NOLA or visited here recommend this place.  I had it bookmarked as a must go place to eat while visiting.  
I was not disappointed one bit!  The courtyard is quaint and quiet.  I would've loved to have sat there for lunch.  Unfortunately, it was pouring the day we went.  After a brief 15 minute wait we were  seated upstairs with a view of the courtyard.  The menu is small but everything sounds amazing. I decided on the Cochon de Lait sandwich.  It was pretty amazing!! Soft, warm bread with well seasoned beef.  Simple perfection.  
The star of the meal was dessert.  So make sure you leave plenty of room!   The Doberge cake was so good!   Light layers of moist cake with a light and dreamy creme in between.  I recommend getting your own slice.  It's so delicious, you won't want to share!
This place is a gem and an experience going out of the way to have.  Even on the rainiest of days, this place was a ray of sunshine!Great service and good food. Gumbo is a bit salty, but probably because it's the big easy. Pork chop is fantastic, but the Cajun shrimp pasta special wasn't as good (not bad, just not great). Definitely give this place a try and make reservations!My husband had the shrimp and grits and I had the crab cake- both were amazing! Beautiful courtyard and excellent service. Our waiter, wade, was friendly, knowledgable, and so passionate about the food. We've been to the French quarter 3 times now and wish we had been here sooner!Super pleasant patio for evening dining- the torches, plants and music set a relaxed, happy vibe. We made a dinner of small plates and were universally happy- even with the crab cake that came with a suspicious sauce (the king bug needs no sauce, people!). Cocktail menu had us worried with it's emphasis on vodka, but the rye and rhubarb was fantastic, and the peachy lemonade refreshing. Not a quintessential New Orleans meal, but a highly enjoyable one regardless.(Saturday evening dinner) Casual, easy-breezy sort of food.  Made walk-up reservations earlier in the day when we passed by this cafe with its incredibly charming setting.
I had the Amelie Salad (mixed greens, grapes, green apples and Maytag blue cheese) and also ordered the goat cheese with fig jam sandwich on walnut bread. I was extra happy to have a no-meat meal in this land of pork and pleased with the nice portions. No leftovers AND I wasn't stuffed. Love and appreciate that :)
My cocktail was an orangey fizzy delight. (Prosecco? Elderflower? orange peel and bitters--my memory is horrible re: bar items)
Dessert was a "Melting Chocolate Cake". Possibly the best dessert I've ever had. Upon delivery we all thought we were served the wrong item because all that's visible is a scoop of ice cream. Wrong! This extra creamy milk chocolate ice cream was camouflaging the fudgy brownie-cake-pudding below. Crispy-chewy on top where the ice cream chilled it, and warm at the bottom.  We used our self-control and split this 3 ways. Good girls!Stopped in for a few apps and a bottle of wine before dinner.   I'm a sucker for Brussels sprouts, and these didn't disappoint!   Grilled to perfection and mixed with crispy bacon and dates, then drizzled with balsamic.   My partner had the chicken gumbo and was equally impressed.   
Service was a bit on the slow side, our server disappeared for about 20 min while we were waiting for our check, and there was only one other table in the restaurant.We've been here before but not for Sunday Brunch, it was well worth the 45 minute wait. Servers dressed as Greek gods and goddess.  Everyone was extremely friendly. The atmosphere is so amazing. The food did not disappoint.  The shrimp and grits and gumbo are fantastic. We also had the chicken and waffles and frittata both were great.  Wasn't too crazy about the waffle as I was expected it to be sweet but it was more savory.  I really wanted to try the chocolate melting cake but they had sold out of it, so we had the doberge cake.   Our server Joe, was the best.   If I'm in NOLA again, that's the place we will always go to.We enjoyed sitting outside for our meal. I had the suckling pork sandwich which came with a cream sauce and pickles. It was outstanding. My wife had the crawfish pasta special and she loved it. We also really liked the goat cheese and fig appetizer served brioche style. Overall great meal with excellent service!! Definitely will return again next year when we come back.I love cafe amelie for its atmosphere. The menu is nice too. Perfect bistro option in the french quarter. They do seem to have weird hours however. Sitting in the courtyard is my favorite but inside is also nice. It has an overall french feeling, in a quiet, beautiful setting.This romantic cafe is a great discovery.  The shrimp and grits is to die for.  I could have had two servings.  The beet salad and the Brussel  sprouts with bacon and balsamic vinegar is awesome.  Had the doberge  cake delicious.  Would return all the way from the Bay Area!!!We had the shrimp and grits, and I have to say they were the best I've had! The andouille maque choux was delicious and rich in flavor. 
We also had the chicken and andouille gumbo and that was also superb. Creamy, tasty, and also flavorful. 
I'd have both again today, and I might! Already made a reservation for dinner.
Come and definitely do yourself a favor and get the shrimp and grits!!Great ambiance and food! The outdoor seating area is beautiful and the food is amazing. Highly recommend the baked oysters for an app and the ahi tuna for an entree. This place doesn't have all the typical NOLA dishes you get everywhere else in town (as great as they are) - the food here is a little more creative in nature. On my list of favorite dinners ever. Definitely make a reservation before going. We booked ours on the same day through OpenTable but it was for early dinner (5:30). If you want to go later you probably need a reservation a day or two in advance.Holy Gumboooooooooo!
Hands down best Gumbo in NOLA we came home so obsessed with this I've tried googling the recipe in hopes that I can recreate this Cajun taste (news flash: no such luck)
My friends and I ordered everything. No, really... We each ordered something different and shared. The only thing that we did not share (tried too at first) was the gumbo!the service was fantastic, our waiter was friendly and entertained our loud intoxication. Sat outside during a late December night and the ambiance was absolutely perfect! Very romantic for a date night.My mom and I went to Cafe Amelie for brunch this past Sunday, and it was a great experience.  We sat at the bar and really enjoyed the bartenders that were working; they were both friendly and fun to chat with, and they made great drinks.  In addition, the food was absolutely delicious!  We shared the shrimp and grits, crabcake, and chicken & waffles.  I highly recommend coming here for brunch.  I will definitely come back the next time that I am in New Orleans.Great food and service. I had the citrus chicken and it was wonderfully juicy and flavorful.Had a great experience and the food - lamb meatloaf was greatI was really looking forward to coming here forever. My husband and I finally had the chance, and I must say, I was a little disappointed. The options aren't as plentiful as I had hoped and the food was just okay. The prices are high for such a small meal! For 3 people for lunch, the bill was 60$! We had 1 appetizer, 3 entrées and 1 "drink of the day"! Absurd. I will say that they had fresh baked bread, which was so good. Unfortunately, we will probably not come back here. There are plenty of other restaurants to visit in the area that won't gouge you for your money.Cafe Amelie is amazing!!!! We sat in the bar because there was no seating available at the restaurant. The food was amazing. The bartenders were even better! I love gin and they recommended a gin I never tried and it was so good. I highly recommend for the ambiance, the food and the people.Lovely spot and very tasty too! Romantic and mystical with good portions!Romantic place, good for couples. Food delicious. Had the oysters and spinach - heavenly. Pork shoulder and lamb brisket were delicious! Definitely recommended! Would have loved to try dessert!Best place we ate at in New Orleans. Elevated southern cuisine to another level. We tried the carrot and ginger soup, gumbo, shrimp and grits and cochon sandwich. All were excellent and very tasty. I would definitely make time to stop by here at our next trip to New Orleans.5/5 would recommend!!! 
Beautiful restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. The service was great and the food was delicious!!! I ordered the Cafe Pasta Special of the day (Crayfish Pasta). Easily one of the best pasta I've ever had, I definitely recommend to anyone traveling to NOLA to check this place out!!!I just got back from dinner in the courtyard.  Not really to my liking.  A place that aspires to being more than a roadside food stand should not have customers sitting on hard patio furniture.  I asked for real chairs or an inside table.  The staff brought out chairs with some padding- still not great.  Buy chairs with the dense foam padding, guys.
Our waitress was friendly, but her nasal septum piercing hanging down made me think of a booger ready to fall and season my food.  Not appetizing.
There was no beer on draft, but there was an interesting selection of local beers.  I enjoyed my can of stout.
Had the gumbo everyone raves about.  Plenty of chicken and andouille, but too much rice and salt.  I have had worse, but I have definitely had better.  With a bit less liquid it would be jambalaya.  No risk of making slurping noises- not physically possible.
My wife's roast chicken was tasty, as was my pork tenderloin.  How was the presentation?  Couldn't tell you, as darkness had fallen by the time it was served.  There was no candle on our table and not much other light.  Consider bringing a headlamp or night vision goggles if you plan a visit, as well as seat cushions.
There was no way I could have read the bill if not for a penlight I carry.  
It was all very precious, with locally-sourced ingredients and a tiny log of tough artesanal bread , but not really very practical as a dining experience.
I saw quite a few patrons without reservations turned away.  They should have planned better, but they didn't miss much.  It's overrated and overpriced.  You can do much better elsewhere.There was a little bit of waiting necessary when my friend and I got to Café Amelie.  So we were told we could go inside, order drinks at the bar, or have a seat on one of the couches.  For a while there was no one behind the bar until another patron asked someone on the waitstaff if there was an available bartender.  In terms of our actual waitress when we were seated, she was friendly, and the food came quick.  I enjoyed the shrimp and grits.  Though I will state that the grits seemed a little bland, but I suppose that's what the sauce is for.