I visited this café just this past Saturday for a reception luncheon after my best friend's wedding.  His mother made the reservation and also let the restaurant know that there would be one vegan in attendance.  I must that say that I was pleasantly surprised at both the outstanding menu accommodations and the excellent food itself!
The staff were very careful and deliberate in making sure my food was, in fact, vegan, and they served me with huge smiles, despite my being "the difficult one" at the event.  As an alternative to the gumbo opener, I was served a tomato-based soup that was warm and delicious, with just a bit of Cajun kick!  My salad was just an altered version of what the other got.  When I pointed to the dressing and asked what it was, I was politely informed of its ingredients.  I was served a vegetable curry in lieu of the shrimp dish and beef tenderloin dish the other guests got.  This curry was delicious!  I'm not going to lie, I was a little skeptic of a Creole/Cajun place making Indian food, but damn it; they nailed it!  My desert was raspberries, strawberries and blackberries served in a martini glass.  These berries tasted like they were literally picked off out of the garden ten minutes prior, rinsed and then given to me.
The only real "complaint" that I have doesn't even have anything to do with me, but my tablemate had to ask several times for a refill of his water, and it took almost twenty minutes for that to happen.  However, I credit the large group and server distractions for the delay.  Based on their excellence in general, I wouldn't hold this as an indicator of their service.
When I return to New Orleans, I will definitely be visiting Café Adelaide again.  Clean restaurant, delicious food and an informed and caring staff.  I highly recommend this place.  An overall authentic and awesome experience.Stopped here for lunch. Great friendly staff. Had the shrimp corn dogs....YUM!! Had a hankering for beef, so I ordered the burger. It was great even without ketchup. All in all, a nice placeThe best part about Cafe Adelaide is they gave my dad a martini for wearing a Cafe Du Monde hat. He put aside his Saints cap for an hour to wear a Cafe Du Monde hat. 
That's right. Adelaide gives you select free drinks if you wear a hat (non-sports only), even a Cafe Du Monde cap. 
I went for brunch and enjoyed the crab cakes and white chocolate bread pudding biscuits. So, so good and really one of the best brunch values in New Orleans when you consider drink specials (for wearing a hat). 
This was my second time at Adelaide. The last time was several years ago. Just as good as it was then and maybe even better. 
As to be expected, the service was polite, attentive, courteous and even humored my oft-crazy parents.Dinner: the food was great
Service: Not very attentive
Attitude: Seems pushy, they want to be your imitation friend
Hotel: Seems like a hotel restaurant
I would not go backAhhh-mazing!!! I had the filet and my bf had the duck. We both totally cleaned our plates. The Brie smashed potatoes are out of this world. We will be adding this place as one of the must go to's for our annual NOLA trip. Go here and you won't be disappointed.Just came in for some bloody maries and their drink selection is fantastic.  Their handcrafted cocktails are a ton of fun and an amusing way to start an afternoon stroll through downtown.25 cent martinis -- 'nuff said! But seriously, a coworker suggested I try Cafe Adelaide for lunch because of their martini lunch special. Unfortunately, I work and leisurely lunches, particularly leisurely lunches with alcohol, don't fit into my work day. But I made a point to come here when I had a couple of friends in town and had the day off. 
The martinis are nothing to write home about, but seriously... they're 25 cents! It can't get any better than that. And you bet your bottom dollar my friends and I took advantage of the 3 martini maximum. The rest of the day was downhill after that. In a good way, though. 
My friend and I shared the fried oysters for an appetizer and they were quite good. But the biggest surprise of the day?!? I became a fan of grits! Now, I know they're quite the Southern dish, but I just couldn't get on board... until now. I ordered the shrimp and grits dish and the grits were so flavorful. They were spicy and as soon as I took my first bite, I thought to myself --- now, I see what the hoopla is all about!
I will definitely return to Cafe Adelaide! I just wish 25 cent martinis could be a more regular part of my existence!!A little too pricey for my taste. Expect to shell out $40-50 for an entree and a couple sides. The crawfish bisque, garlic poached crab and shrimp and grits were really good, just not good enough to justify the cost. Our server wasn't the best, a little too rough around the edges for a place this expensive.Fantastic brunch! On Saturday brunch, if you wear a hat (baseball hats don't count), you get a free martini (4 choices, and they seem to refill).
The prices for brunch were very reasonable. Also, Cafe Adelaide is a sister restaurant to Commander's Palace, but much easier to get a table. My friend and I were able to try the Turtle Soup and also get some tasty Southern dishes. 
They take reservations, so I felt very relaxed not having to wait for a table. So many places in NOLA don't take reservations.This is my first bad review. The food & the company was good but the service was beyond bad today. I've dined here on multiple occasions, entertained clients & have always had mediocre service. Today was worse than mediocre. When you don't get your drinks delivered or food order taken until a half hour in, there's a problem. Top it off w/ all place settings not having full sets of utensils, servers trying to deliver us cocktails that belonged to other tables while not bringing ours, no check backs from our server, being ignored after signaling for help & the oversight of never getting a bread plate & I couldn't help but be embarrassed for our host. The two stars are for the quality of food. Cafe Adelaide is off my list but I'll still recommend their sister restaurants.The food service, quality and drinks were all above par.  This is one joint that didn't let me down.  As a matter of fact, I've added to the list of places I'll always come back to.Great service! A coworker and I came here for lunch for the first day of COOLinary 2016. The Commander's martini was amazing, and I ordered the burger for my meal. I have had much better burgers before, but, looking back on it, I probably should've ordered something else more on par with what their specialties are. Overall, it was a great experience, and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. I wouldn't hesitate to come back and try out some of their other menu items.The ONLY reason this place gets 5 stars is because the girl in training here ROCKED!!!!!!!!!!  (I think her name was Sian - I'm horrible w/names sorry if I botched that).  
We made bday reservations and still had to wait 15 minutes by the manager when there were all these empty tables available - she was just taking her time and in no rush to seat us.  Once we were finally seated we did not get service for a long time - literally servers just walking by us without offering us anything - at one point it was so bad my friend (the bday girl no less) had to wave across the restaurant in hopes of getting a cup of coffee.  Since no one offered to take our order we called over the fabulous lady in training and she was SO KIND, SO HELPFUL, and just SO SWEET.  She gave us incredible customer service and totally got us EVERYTHING we needed - plus did it all with her amazing smile.  Which was really a shame when we could overhear the manager yelling at her for helping us because we were the ones that had called her over (again, since NO ONE was giving us any service) - so we felt really bad but she totally kept her chin up, made us laugh, and truly was the only reason we stayed at this restaurant.  
I promised her I'd write a review once I got back home because she deserve major props.  Without her we would have walked out since the management was horrible here - food was just OK.  I liked my veal but the girls hardly touched their brunch scramble.  So yes, thank you Sian for being SO wonderful.  You made our NOLA trip!Very disappointed, this was one of our favorite places at on time the service and quality of the food and drinks have been subpar! In our last two visits I have had to send two mixed drinks for poor quality back and wanted to send my entree back for being overcooked. The service needs improvement as well they are very slow! Not what's expected of a commanders family restrauant.Came here for Saturday brunch. The service was impeccable. Every employee was polite and helpful. The grits are a must have. Oh, and make sure you wear a hat. Hat wearers have their choice of free martinis. Great place!I went here while attending a conference and met up with a friend who was also in town for a different conference. We chose this restaurant because we wanted options that were still New Orleans flair, but were a little bit lighter. We split the Tomato Salad which was pretty tasty and a great start to our meal. We chose the two seared fish options - The Gulf Fish and The Black Drum - and they were both fresh and delicious. They had great flavor and the veggies were tasty and fresh. We opted out of dessert as the meal was pretty filling. Overall, good place and nice decor.First time to this restaurant.  The wait staff was excellent, but the experience was undone by the quality of the food and inattention of the kitchen.  For starters, Stasha and I ordered shrimp gumbo.  Unremarkable and disappointing since this is New Orleans and the dish is billed as a signature item on the menu.  
We followed with a chop salad and citrus salad.  The chop salad was soggy and the citrus salad bland and completely unappetizing.  For the main course, we ordered the flank steak and pork chop with sides of French purée potato and sautéed garlic spinach.  The plates came absent the sautéed spinach and the potatoes were so salty they were not edible.  The meat was perfect!  
Finally, we settled on a dessert of milk punch ice cream and homemade cookies. We set the cookies aside (awful) and enjoyed the milk punch I've cream so much that we had to google the recipe.  We rate this restaurant 2-1/2 stars.Went for dinner on Christmas night; food and drinks delicious, great atmosphere and service. Rack of lamb and gnocchi were wonderful. Definitely recommend.Beignets were absolutely delish... service could use vast improvements from hostesses to waitors & waitresses.  The neighboring table had several issues, as did I.Great food at reasonable prices.  The okra and shrimp gumbo is delicious.  I would also highly recommend the shrimp remoulade.(managed by Commander's Palace)
strong just like the other Brennan's restaurants
i had the turtle soup au sherry -- nicely spiced
followed by the redfish courtbouillon -- mild flavor
i actually felt the snapper had a better sauce flavor
crusty French bread in a bagIt's sort of like Commander's Palace except way too modern and with much worse service.  It really is quite a disappointment in many ways if you're used to the other Brennan restaurants.  This is more of a very casual establishment certainly designed to cater more to the tourists in the hotel than the locals.  I would certainly steer most people that want to experience a traditional NOLA fine dining experience to other spots but for those people that want to wear their sloppy velour tracksuits, shorts and blue jeans please come to Cafe Adelaide instead of ruining the locals fine dining traditions at Commander's Palace.  There are times and places to be casual and there are times and places for dressing up and we do like our traditions in NOLA that set us apart from the rest of the all casual all the time world outside our civilization.Rumored to be closing soon, and regrettably, I had to appreciate why. The interior and hotel lobby are nice enough though the staff could certainly have been more accommodating. The turtle soup tastes nothing like Commander's Palace and the Oyster and avocado salad was very strange tasting. I looked for something on their brunch menu to eat and found nothing that even sounded good. I would not have come here at all had I not been invited by friends. I know that all sounds rather grumpy of me, and I apologize, as I would have liked to have written better words. I can say that we got some good photographs in the lobby after breakfast--though I loathe eating so badly at such an expensive place, in a nice hotel, with potential, but failing miserably for no reason at all. With their position across from Harrah's on Canal, this place should be making a killing. Instead they have slumped into total mediocrity, sorry wrong word, inferiority, so are in sorely in need of a visit from Gordon Ramsay or closure to spare future patrons from the same lamentable experience.Best service, worst Old Fashion.  I tried the turtle soup just for novelty - too salty and their signature dessert white chocolate biscuit pudding which was way too sweet.  They missed the mark.#NOLAtourist #chifoodie #foodtourism This low rating is attributed to a variety of factors.  (1) It was the end of our trip-- and we had experienced much better service.  (2) The service was NOLA slow including being seated although we had reservations.  Although we were on time we were told to wait while our table was being prepped.  There was a 4 person table being prepped in the front of the house.  Yet when we were seated we were put in the back of the house where only one other table was populated.  While we were waiting to be seated, we watched several other families who didn't have reservations being told there were long wait times.  (3)  And there was a major error in my order (the blue crab was omitted from my blue crab omelet)-- yet we didn't have time for the staff to correct it.  I wouldn't go back.Delicious New Orleans cuisine. Classic, but still exciting.
Had to try the turtle soup because, come on, wtf, and also I don't think they have that anywhere in Chicago. It was delicious! Really unlike anything I've ever had, but good. If you want to try turtle soup, try it here. It's a legendary recipe.
For my entree, I had the duck. Perfectly cooked, and really interestingly assembled. They have this sort of couscous that goes with it; so good I asked the waiter what it was (it's a traditional Louisiana side dish, but I've forgotten the name). 
Dessert is also a must. I had the biscuit bread pudding - it doesn't get any more Southern than that! My thighs are still mad at me, but they'll get over it. Delicious.
The service here is fantastic. The maître d' stopped by our table more than once to see if there was anything we needed. He noticed I was a little cold and offered to turn down the air, and, get this, he actually did it! That never happens in restaurants (they always say they will, but I never notice a difference). And they gave us a complimentary "shot" of one of their martinis. Really nice touch. 
The only reason it's not a five-star review is that some of the guests decided to sing along with the piano player. There's a reason I avoid karaoke bars. Other than that, a perfect dining experience.The service at this restaurant is terrible.  We arrived at midday on Sunday to eat lunch; the restaurant was half-full at best.  The server took our drink and entree orders at 12:30.  He delivered our drinks and we did not see him again for the next 30 minutes; he simply disappeared.  When he did show back up, he stated that he "would go check on our orders".  He was gone again for another 15 minutes.  He then popped back up to tell us that it would be "another 5 minutes".  Surprise, surprise that he showed up again after 15 more minutes and brought us a complimentary bowls of gumbo (without spoons or silverware) because our orders had apparently gotten mixed up with another table (I'm not sure what he even meant by that comment). We were disgusted at the service so we simply walked out of the restaurant.  We did call the manager from the hotel room only to be told to "go back down and wait on your food".  Ummm yeah, no thanks.We stopped in for breakfast after hearing and reading great things.  It was a great breakfast though I don't know that we would go out of our way to go back.  It was very good but nothing overly special or unique.  I had the Power Breakfast so that I could sample a little of everything, and it was very good.  The scrambled eggs were some of the best I've had, and the bacon was cooked perfectly.  The potatoes and biscuit were good but nothing special.  My husband had the Tacos with eggs and sausage, and they were very good.  We would recommend this place, but there are some really great breakfast places in the city that make for stiff competition.  In any other city, this would be the best place to go.The best thing about this place was the bread.
...or maybe the garlic fries.  The fries here were a bit unusual in that it was about 90% as crisp as what you would normally expect crispy fries to be.  About 85% of the fries were in the aforementioned "crispy" category, which is not bad when compared to other places.
I don't mind greasy food, as long as they taste good.  In the case of the black drum (local fish, it was a seasonal special), I minded very much because the taste was not there.  The fish was not breaded and was probably pan-fried.  It didn't taste much better than frozen fish (breaded and fried) you could buy from Costco.  Definitely a few notches below places like McCormick and Schmick.
Presentation was not bad, but if you go to Grouchy Chef  in Mukilteo, WA (unfortunately no longer open due to owner moving back to Japan for personal reasons, but not due to business failing) you can get better presentation and quality at less than half the price.  
Most things taste better when they are fried, including Oreos, Sneakers bar, and ice cream.  Not the case with the vegetables here.  I think the vegetables may have been fried or otherwise somehow drenched in oil.  I could not bring myself to eat them.
The good news is that the restroom at this place was top notch.The food was great & interesting.  Fun & personable staff.  They gave us a bunch of extra desserts so the only person at our table who ordered dessert didnt have to eat alone!  I had the ahi tuna and it was great.This place will woo you until you have no choice but to love it.
The bar is a great place to start out with a majestic bright space with a touch of new.  Extensive innovative drink menu.
The restaurant is a little more traditional feeling, but the service extraordinary.  For example:
- we asked to be seated asap as we were in a hurry and they ushered us to a table before the dining room was even open for lunch
- they brought crayons for the baby
- then brought milk in a cool plastic cup
- then made a fabulous kid's pasta that we were all envious of
- as if that weren't enough, they brought out a BALLOON for the child!  
The food had a touch of Creole, with some American influences.  I had an oyster bisque which was refined and a chopped salad with fresh crab which was decent but maybe could have used some more dressing.  My husband had the shrimp and grits and the turtle soup and raved about both.
Having just been to commander's palace(same owners) I'd take cafe Adelaide over Commander's palace any day.  I prefer the decor, the service was stellar and inviting, and the food, oddly, seemed more refined.  A very enjoyable experience and I look forward to returning in the future.Absolutely great brunch and fun place. Definitely will come back. Katherine was a delight. Try Red Fish or the Shrimp Corndog. Prices are more like $$$ instead of $$. Wear a real fun hat and get free drink!I ate here for Thanksgiving dinner, er lunch, since we were far away from home. We were dopes and didn't make reservations far in advance- by the time we started trying to find a place on Monday almost everything was all booked up! Luckily Cafe Adelaide had a spot open for us (even if it was early) and we gladly took it. 
The food was pretty good. They immediately brought out some fresh bread and also free shots of some kind of alcoholic fruit punch for us to try. I ordered the Rabbit and Absinthe Smoked Oyster Gumbo appetizer, which had a smoky flavor. I was a little bit sad to eat a bunny but I went ahead and finished the whole thing anyway. Tasted like chicken. Why does every meat you aren't used to taste like chicken? My boyfriend had the Wilted Baby Spinach Salad which had a fried duck egg on top of it. Definitely interesting- I think he must have liked it since he finished the whole thing. For dinner we each had the Herb Roasted Turkey, which came with shrimp and mirliton stuffing, oyster dressing with rye whiskey, and sweet potatoes with giblet gravy. I asked for no sweet potatoes because I hate them! The waitress was surprised and asked my boyfriend if he wanted my portion- he actually doesn't like them either and said no thanks to that one. Too bad they weren't mashed potatoes! :(
Overall everything was good and I fell asleep as soon as we returned to our hotel in a mild food coma. With tax & tip our 2 appetizers and 2 entrees came to $85- not so bad! I'm glad we were able to find a relatively nice place to sit down and have turkey kind of last minute. Arnaud's is supposed to have an amazing Thanksgiving dinner but it sounded like they had been booked up a long time ago. So like I said- make your reservations early if you are coming to New Orleans this time of year!Excellent food and service.  Nice comfortable dining room.  Bacon crusted fried oysters for an appetizer was amazing.  I had the gulf fish for my entree, which was very simple and flavorful and the white chocolate biscuit pudding for dessert was amazing as well.  Portion sizes were just right so I was able to order dessert and was glad I did.Can't beat .25c martinis! Shrimp and grits was amazing, as was the crabmeat grilled cheese.This little place, the restaurant at the Loew's Hotel in New Orleans where we were NOT even staying, turned out to be the best brunch we had in NOLA our whole stay. The french toast in to die for! The brunch cocktails inventive and tasty. The egg dishes satisfying and creative. We came here after not being able to get into the Ruby Slipper and were actually thrilled. Tummy's full and happy, we were on our way to see more of NOLA and an hour after leaving Cafe Adelaide we got a text that our table at the Ruby Slipper was finally available. We all laughed and felt that we had been lucky to eat where we did and still be able to see more of this beautiful city.Two of the three of us enjoyed our dinner at Cafe Adelaide, eating off the Reveillion menu.  However I do not recommend the stuffed flounder on bokchoy.  It was an interesting experiment, but I don't think the tastes and flavors successfully melded, nor did they successfully contrast each other. The shrimp stuffing was very good, but I left some flounder and bokchoy on my plate as they were just not very good. I was very sorry I ordered this dish, especially when contrasted with the other entrees my family ate, and it was certainly not worth the price, although I wouldn't have enjoyed it at any price.
The service was excellent, and apologetic.Came straight here from the room our first night. 
My GFs turtle soup was great, but a little too salty.  
My porkchop was perfectly cooked and not too salty.  
The highlight of the meal was def the award-winning desserts.I arrived late in NOLA and yelp helped me find this place (across the street). Servers were solicitous, meal arrived swiftly and was amazing! I had the Chef's Creole selection with pork chops. Delicious! The turtle soup was tasty and the creme brûlée the perfect finish. I could not have asked for a better meal on my first night in this city! The cocktail selections are also great! I had the Adelaide Swizzler and loved it!Staying at this hotel and decided to try out the restaurant. Pretty big letdown after looking at the reviews. The turtle soup was pretty solid, but everything else was not. The fried oysters were bland and were served over coleslaw and hot sauce...what? That was odd. The pork chop was cooked perfectly, but it was almost inedible because it was SO salty. With each bite I practically finished my drink to quench my thirst. The only thing I enjoyed was my desert which was the white chocolate bread pudding. But, they told me it took 30 minutes to prepare when I asked for it after I finished my meal, which was acceptable. They put in the order and it came out in 10 minutes...so why did they tell me 30 minutes? Pretty suspicious. Then, they served me my check with no pen so I ask the waiter if she has a pen and she tells me "no sorry". Well, that was rude. I ended up getting one from someone else. I won't be backWe were recently in New Orleans for 6 nights.  Out of all of your dinning adventures, this place came in dead last.  We stopped in for brunch and both thought the Open Faced Croque Madame sounded like a good pick.  To our surprise, it was not.  Their version of this had lettuce under a open faced egg?  This was way out of place.  We first had to pick the lettuce off and then we noticed the 2 pieces of brioche bread on the bottom were burnt.  We sent one back and they did redo the one.  Mine I figured I would tough it out and ate it. Neediness to say, it was far from being worth $20 each, for some few shavings Chisesi ham on bread with an egg on top. 
I would suggest for the cost and quality of food, there are much better places to go in New Orleans.We first went to Cafe Adelaide about three years ago when we were in New Orleans for a conference and went back this January when we were in New Orleans again. We were as impressed, if not more, as we were three years ago. Service is spectacular, very friendly, and the food is amazing. I had the crab gnocchi and my husband had the lamb. The price is very reasonable for the quality of food. I highly recommend this restaurant.This gem is a nod to "Aunt Adelaide" better known to the rest of us as Adelaide Brennan. This place is a sister restaurant to Commanders Palace and lives up to the family name. I had the pork loin rolled in praline and wow. Also this not one of those places where the protein is amazing and the sides are ho-hum. The sides are knock outs, there is just all kinds flavor and it is all so well balanced. the wait staff was attentive and gracious, the kitchen even made an off menu vegetarian plate for one of us. I'm not talking whatever sides they were serving that day this was a whole other thing and it was delicious. An all around wonderful experienceHad lunch here...
Service was quite good, ambiance was slightly odd (balloons on every table), and food was great.  Highlights were gumbo, bacon crusted oysters, and shrimp and grits. The croque madame was good but not phenomenal.  The price isn't overly high and well worth it for the quality of the food.  
Don't let the location in the Loews hotel or the strange balloons fool you...this place is the real deal.Outstanding Bloody Mary and burger.
Service was impeccable, despite a rambunctious crowd.
Great spot for lunch or an afternoon drink.Absolutely wonderful brunch spot, from the kind and attentive servers, to the fun decor with balloon centerpieces... To the absolutely delicious entrees! We ordered the crawfish grilled cheese (fantastic), the Royal Street breakfast (A wonderful Creole take on eggs Benedict - instead of a English muffin you get a fried green tomato... And instead of a piece of Canadian bacon you get delicious boiled shrimp!), And last but not least the boucherie biscuits which are a big favorite. Would order any (or all!) of these again! And you can't beat free martinis for donning a fun hat!!! Will definitely attend this fine brunch spot known for its "hattitude" fun!With so many great restaurants in New Orleans this isn't the best option for food or service. 
We chose this restaurant mainly because it was near our hotel and we were tired from traveling. I'd suggest exerting the energy to find something better.
The service was incredibly slow, Alabama slow in fact. After being seated we waited 15 minutes just to get menus. By that point we'd already used our phones to make selections using the menu on the website. Then a long wait to place orders and long waits for courses. When the check came my husband had credit card in hand because we definitely weren't letting the waitress stretch payment out too. Keep in mind that the restaurant only had about half a dozen tables with diners. 
The bread to start was basic, but decent. My husband really liked his Turtle Soup. My Gumbo with andouille and okra was okay, but not great. I liked it less and less as I ate. 
Our entrees were the highlight. My Garlic & Red Chili Crusted Shrimp was a great dish. The shrimp was good and the flavors in the rice were good. The spices in the dish reminded me of the flavors of Indian food. My husband had Pork Shoulders Smoked in Milk. The meat was tender and had a nice flavor. My husband enjoyed the meat in this dish very much. The collard greens were the worst I've ever tasted and I've ordered a lot of collard greens recently.
Dessert sealed the deal on my overall rating of this restaurant. The Creole Cream Cheese Cheesecake and Rum & Brown Sugar Carrot Cake were inedible. We ate maybe three bites of each in confusion that these could be messed up so badly. The cheesecake was one dimensional, it tasted more like biting into a block of cream cheese than a creamy cheesecake. The carrot cake was not moist or flavorful and the frosting was disgusting like it was made with the wrong ingredients. We definitely weren't wasting calories on these two.A nice little surprise while here in NOLA.  The cocktail originals are all very intriguing.  The Adelaide Swizzle was very good.  I called last minute for a reservation and the staff was very accommodating.  The food and service very good as well!25 cent martinis at lunch! I repeat, 25 cent martinis. Yay! That was definitely the draw for us to go there for lunch. Our favorites were the appletini and the commander. So that was a great deal, as well as their lunch specials. Reasonably priced.
However, the service was the slowest I have ever experienced. I was served soup but there was no spoon on the table. It took 10 minutes to finally get a server's attention. When she finally noticed, she was nice enough to bring me a new, hot soup so I do appreciate that. Overall, good food but don't go there for a quick bite.Over priced, but decent food.  The crawfish grill cheese was yummy.  I've had better gumbo.  25 cent martinis at lunch was its saving grace!Was so tired from my day of travel, I decided to eat here since it's inside my hotel.
The hostess made it really awkward when I told her it'd be just me for dinner (I'm here on a business trip by myself, I've never had anyone have a problem with that).
I waited 10 minutes before my server came to greet me, and then waited another 10 minutes for my drink... I had been sitting there with my drink for another 10 minutes before someone came around with some bread for me. He threw it on my table and said real quick "here's your bread". Why didn't I get that earlier and why so rude? I pulled a piece out of the bag and my dinner was brought to my table so I got to enjoy the bread during dinner...
I had my entree for not even 8 minutes...the bread guy came up and asked if he could take my plate. No...I haven't even eaten half of it.
No one on staff smiled or had nice tones in their voice. Just no friendliness at all. I just wanted to leave the entire time because I felt like I was an inconvenience to them.They dropped the ball on the service a little however I think the server was a a bit swamped. The food made up for it though. DeliciousThere is not a single thing that I would change about the experience or the food. Everything was fantastic. I had a house salad that was delicious, chickpeas were a fantastic addition. For my main entree I got the crab gnocchi and even after I was full I kept eating... I couldn't bring myself to leave any! I will definitely be going here againWhat a pleasant surprise, both the andouille burger with remoulade sauce for the cajun french fries Or of the best I've ever had (and I am from here) My wife had the shrimp and grits, and even though not a New Orleans tradition, they were better than anything I had had in Savannah Georgia where shrimp and grits were invented. Our waitperson Brianna was attentive and charming!   The bartender Steve made the best Beefeater martini I think I've ever had. One of the hotel managers, a Mr. Rodriguez stopped by to make certain that everything was great; of course it was!Beautifully decorated. Our server was hysterical, he kept us laughing throughout our dining experience. Had the wine & dine special. It was worth every penny.Cafe Adelaide, located in the lobby of the Loews New Orleans Hotel, has a gorgeous space and comfortably plush seating with booths surrounding the perimeter of the restaurant's street-side windows.
The menu is carefully crafted with options for almost diet. I started off with the Zapp's crawtator shrimp tempura over a bed of mustard greens risotto and crispy Chisesi ham, which was my favorite part of the entire meal. The whole shrimp tempura was delicately battered and fried. The risotto was excellently prepared and so flavorful. 
Then I followed the appetizer with Chef Chris' Winter Dinner, an awesome three-course meal deal for $29.00! The winter dinner included a soup du jour of pureed leek with a creamy, smooth texture, a whitefish with crisp skin with side of shrimp-crusted onion rings, sauteed grape tomatoes, baby arugula, sweet corn, and ramekin of bread pudding topped with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream and a mint leaf. 
The whitefish was wonderfully cooked and very tender--the crisped skin gave the fish a great contrast of texture which I enjoyed, but understand from a server that not everyone appreciated it. I thought the shrimp-crusted onion rings overflowing with the sauteed vegetables would be my favorite part, but the tartness of the grape tomatoes and the texture of the arugula placed inside the onion rings didn't work for me at all. It was almost as if they tried to do too much with the sides. The onion rings were almost soggy from the juices from the sauteed vegetables.
I really wanted to like Cafe Adelaide to give the restaurant five-stars but the bread pudding, which was part of the prix fixe, was dry and not very flavorful though pretty in presentation.
The waitstaff service was very friendly and attentive. Cafe Adelaide has a great wine selection. Overall, the restaurant was good and I would go back on my next trip to New Orleans to try out several other menu items that also appealed to me.The meal I had tonight was truly wonderful--
--Shrimp & Tasso Corndogs (Wild white shrimp dipped in Tasso corndog batter with 5 pepper jelly, pickled okra, & Crystal Hot Sauce butter, which was kinda like a remoulade sauce)--YUMMY!
--Double cut Pork Chop with sweet potato boudin underneath, 10 vegetable slaw on top, and a fabulous gastrique around it. The chop was perfectly done, moist and juicy. And I could've had more of the boudin (which wasn't in a casing) for dessert!
--White Chocolate Biscuit Pudding (White chocolate ice cream, Barq's root beer syrup, & spiced pecans), served in a seemingly small cast iron pot, it was nearly enough for 2 people (but I finished every bit of the scrumptiousness)
Service by Dustin was excellent, professional but friendly. His recommendations were spot on. 
The bad news is that this was part of August's Coolinary $35 special, but it'd be worth it at (almost) any price!The food is absolutely amazing here, but we have had a couple experiences with bad service.  Most recently, the waitress didn't even give us menus until we asked for them from another server after waiting for 15 minutes at the table.  Then it took another 20 minutes to get drinks and finally put in our order.  One of our guest's appetizer was never brought and then when we asked (another server again), our server came by and inspected the table for a few minutes before she went back to the kitchen, as if she might find where we were hiding the appetizer and trying to get another one or something.  When the main entrees came it was all delicious and perfectly prepared.  I had the pork chop and many in our group enjoyed the Chef Chris Package with Courtbouillon Shrimp.  We then had a huge fiasco involving the check in which we tried to separate it, but one of our group asked if we could get separate tickets because it was taking so long and the waitress went off on some rant about how she was "just trying to give us time to work on splitting it and every time she walked by we were still working on it, geez!"  Ummm, we didn't say anything about you or your not picking up the check yet we just wanted to split it...I mean the orders are placed by seat number so splitting it shouldn't be horrendous for a good server, but she wasn't even mad about that, she was mad because she thought we were mad at her for not picking up the check? What?
Beyond the service issues, I would recommend the pork chop entree and the shrimp and tasso corndog appetizer.  I don't like oysters, but the fried oyster appetizer looked very good and like a great deal for the money (5+ oysters on a large bed of lettuce).  They also used to have a blue crab poundcake appetizer that was amazing, so if that ever comes back on the menu, make sure you try it!
If Cafe Adelaide perfected their service, they would be one of the best restaurants in town.  As it stands now, the food is good enough that we will probably be back a couple times, but if the service doesn't get better it won't be worth the money.I came on a Sunday for the "brunch with hat-itude" which allows diners to enjoy up to 3 free cocktails with the purchase of any entree. The cocktail choices are: a cosmo, manhattan, classic martini or peach martini. The food was good but a bit pricey and the service was very slow. So I wouldn't recommend coming here for brunch if you're on a time crunch.Loved love loved this place !!! Filet was stunning. Great service and amazing atmosphere. Traveled to NOLA with friends and we had to experience this place as others have given it such high marks. It won't disappoint !What a way to start off our New Orleans experience!  This was our first stop for food once hitting New Orleans on our road trip from Chicago.  FANTASTIC!  Everything was just right.
For starters, they have 25cent martinis at lunch when you order an entree.  Nice!  And these aren't kiddy martinis, it's the real deal - strong, normal size, and tasty!  They have a 3 max per person, but you shouldn't need it, as that will be enough anyway.  We had the shrimp "corndog" appetizers, which was like a big shrimp with cornbread batter and hot sauce on it.  Think gourmet buffalo-shrimp-corndog.  Then we split the shrimp and grits.  I LOVED it, so much so that I could have eaten more even though I was stuffed.
The nicest thing was, that since we only had 3 martinis total between us, our waiter asked us if we would each like another in a to-go cup!  Seriously?!  That is so awesome - "thanks for the offer and yes please!"  Highly recommended - located in a hotel across from Harrah's casino.Worst coffee ever. I was there for breakfast. I ordered eggs benedictine and a regular coffee. They use a blend made with chicory. This makes their coffee have an unpleasant smell and a terrible flavor, so I wasn't able to enjoy a cup of coffee at breakfast. The eggs were ok. Service was fast and friendly.I am very impressed with this place. It has great food and even better service. After asking the waitress that we were on a schedule the waiters appeared to work as a team and it was wonderful to see how they worked together to get our bloody Mary's, OJ and food out quickly.  The grits were the highlight of the breakfast! Can't wait to get back to New Orleans and Café Adelaide!I was sooo excited to go here for the first time this morning! We were early and there were not many people, but the service was terrible. I mean terrible. They were not friendly at all and literally would never come to the table. We spent over 200 dollars on brunch and I've never been so disappointed on anywhere in Nola.Attended a dinner party for about 60 guests, so we naturally had a set menu.
It was a 5 course menu with:
Seafood gumbo (pretty damn good)
Salad
Fish (white)
Beef tenderloin (melted in my mouth)
Banana bread
The food was good and the service was excellent.Ate thanksgiving dinner here with my family. Incredible. It was a special menu, we ordered a few appetizers, salads, soups, and entrees; all choices were divine. My review is particularly for our service. Cheyenne was attentive, friendly, knowledgeable, and thoughtful. My father and I discussed sharing a certain soup and salad; we did not ask her to, but she heard us speaking of sharing and was considerate and courteous enough to split the soup and salad into two separate portions for us as we were seated across from each other. Five stars to Cafe Adelaide, and five stars to Cheyenne!I'll reiterate what some other Yelpers have already written: FANTASTIC service. 
Here's my little story about this place:
Finding vegan breakfast in this area of New Orleans proved to be VERY difficult but in all of my Yelp searches, this place kept coming up. Why?! It was frustrating but eventually I called and told the woman on the other end about that and if she could do anything for me? Well she said the chef makes whatever is "on hand" but they would be happy to accommodate me. I walk over, get seated in a corner booth and enjoy water and coffee while explaining to the...manager (maybe?) about the conversation I had with the woman who picked up the phone. 
He said, sure, sure and came right back to tell me what the chef would prepare:
Barley quinoa pilaf with three olives, chickpeas, mushrooms, spinach topped with crispy potato straws.
holy shit! It was so freaking good! He got the veg, healthy fat, grain and protein down! Lol. The chef for real knew what he was doing to make a perfectly balanced meal! Now, was it "breakfasty"? Naaah not really and I really would have liked a tofu scramble but was it delicious? hell yeah. In fact, the woman next to me asked me what *I* was eating! I told her it wasn't on the menu :P I did get a piece of toast to wipe the bottom clean and that made it a little more traditional but it was still delicious. And, again, the service was great so I would definitely go back for other food or meals.We only had drinks there but loved it! It was their signature drink which I would highly recommend. The wait staff was very friendly and it's a nice place to just grab a drink.I just want to start off by saying this is the best destination for happy hour. With martinis for only 25 CENTS. They have a limit of three, but you honestly only need two and you will be feeling te effects of the alcohol. This was the first place that I ordered turtle soup and it was everything I could've ever wanted and more. The menu for the café is the same or similar to Commander's palace at a much cheaper price. They have very good lunch specials so that you can get the most value for your money without sacrificing the quality. I finished my meal with the creme brûlée and recommend it as the perfect finish to any meal.Our group of five arrived without a reservation. We were lucky enough to snag a table in the cocktail lounge and ended up eating there as well.  
The wait staff was very friendly and helpful - when a table opened in the main dining room they did offer to move us but we chose to stay. 
The mojitos were lovely.  Crawfish gnocchi came in a small crock, the duck confit was one of the best I've had and was served with a white bean purée that was out of this world.  The salad was a bit overdressed but very tasty.   
The bananas foster ice cream had only a few bites of banana.  The crime brûlée was average. If you have to chose only only one dessert make it the bread pudding.Well I really can't comment on the food as I had a bad experience getting a table. Stayed at the Loews hotel for a week and were planning to depart in Saturday. Friday evening we stopped in the hotel bar for a drink and noticed the restaurant was about 1/2 full. Asked for a table and was told it would be about 15 min wait. Waited and then went to the podium and were told it would be a few more minutes. Based on the table vacancies we decided to go elsewhere... What a shame...The food was delicious and the atmosphere was very pleasant. They also validate your parking which was wonderful and accommodated our large group easily.These guys have a unique menu and are close to the Quarter. If you have two appetizers or one entree you can have up to THREE 25 cent martinis!! What??? Every drink I've had in New Orleans has cost no less than $10 PER!!! The food was very good and the service excellent. It's clearly a local (business crowd) favorite. I would definitely come here again.I've been to New Orleans may times but really havent been able to enjoy the food scene bc my choices are limited. I dont eat beef, pork or crawfish. Hearing about people's love of NOLA gumbo made me sad because I could never have it unless I made it but it wouldnt be the same as New Orleans. I found this place when i was looking through yelp. I saw they offered a shrimp and okra gumbo. I thought, is this true? I made the journey to Cafe Adelaide and was amazed at how beautiful this place was. I was immediately seated and instantly asked if the gumbo was only shrimp/okra and no other ingredients I cant have. My waiter, Raj, confirmed it was safe for me to have and I ordered my first cup of gumbo. All I can say to explain my experience is heavenly. This gumbo was truly delicious and my only regret is not ordering a bowl to go for the next day's lunch. The flavoring of this dish was so perfect that I was almost ashamed of how quickly I devoured it. When I make my return visit to new Orleans, this place will be on my list.Staff was friendly and helpful, if a little slow to respond.  Some staff members were not very familiar with their menu.
That said, the food was delicious.  My cheese grits were amazing, and my dining companion said his catfish was the best he'd ever had.  The seafood salad was excellent, too.
The lunch menu also offers a $0.25 martini, which can't be beaten.
A word of warning: the published menu on their website had no relation to the current menu.We were doing a staycation at the Loews Hotel, and decided to finally eat at Adelaide. We were unaware, until we went inside, that they were one of the restaurants featured in the Louisiana Seafood Week. What a deal! For $20.00  at lunch, you get two dishes, an appetizer and an entree! Also, don't forget, this is a Brennan restaurant, and they have .25 martinis ever day during lunchtime!!! The service was OUTSTANDING, the ambience as well, and the food...well, delectable, plentiful and fabulous. The menu choices for the special (as well as the regular menu) are outstanding...we both decided on the seafood gumbo for our appetizer...NOT disappointed! Dark, rich roux with flavorful shimp and crabmeat. This is gumbo to us! My husband decided on the Pork Chop for his meal; it is glazed in rye whiskey and brined overnight..the mushrooms on this chop were ridicuously good! They should offer these mushrooms as a side or even an entree for vegetarians!!!!!!! The potatoes with his chop were great, and the chop was very thick and perfectly cooked (M). I ordered the Shrimp Courtboullion...oh my!!! Heavenly, delectable..cheesy grts under the 5 grilled/charred perfectly shrimp...not heavy on tomato (thank goodness) and the courtbouillion was as it should be...perfect!!! We ended up ordering one dessert to split: the Creole Cheesecake...YES! It had rapsberries and blueberries, and it is the best cheesecake we have every had. Light (but full of calories), fluffy and unreal! As it should be. Please go, the special is only until Sept 16, but we will go back for lunch and dinner again SOON!
BTW, we each had 3 drinks; me the cosmos, him the martinis....yummy! This is service, style, and traditional ingredients reinvented in sexy food.Turquoise booths,white tablecloths ,and 25 cent martinis at lunch.  Three drinks max with lunch. A memorable lunch can be had for a very reasonable price..jambalaya ,catfish , and a martini or two ... laid back environment with attentive and friendly wait staff. A lovely setting with enough privacy for a delightful or intimate luncheon. And we don't judge you if you like the blue martinisService was ok but just got by with OK. Lipstick on the coffee cup and no water offered. The food was served very quickly and was good. The fruit was fresh and the coffee was strong. I doubt I'll come back here.  The space was clean and nicely decorated.I have visited Cafe Adelaide for multiple events, Birthday Parties, Special Events, Lunch, and more. I have never been disappointed.
Service has always been impeccable. The staff works together to get things down. Your food is on the table and off the time timely. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable of the menu.
What I like is that they can handle groups! I organized a birthday party once and had no issues getting everything together, even with payment! Then I was there for a special event Lunch and Learn and the staff  worked well to get the group fed in the time allotted. 
Food is always yummy!  Always flavorful and fresh. I'm a big fan of the Commander's Turtle Soup.  The Absinthe BBQ Cheeseburger is always a winner for  me if you are hungry. Also a chicken they did with mashed potatoes was some of the best flavored chicken I had in a while, but it isn't on the regular menu.
PARKING... LET'S ALL DO A DANCE... THEY VALIDATE....Nice ambiance, great menu, 25 cent martinis in the afternoon for lunch!  Who can argue with that.  I have been here for business lunches, and for private dinners.  It is always a pleasant experience.