A friend of mine picked this place for our large group and it is a perfect spot for tourists. The food isn't authentic and it's overpriced, but they put on a good show. However, the music was good, the drinks were strong, and they even let the guests play the washboard. After a couple of drinks, ANYONE thinks they can play the washboard.
If you are looking for GOOD food, this is not the place. If you are looking for something to eat and you don't want to venture far from the bars on Bourbon, this might fit the bill.Good cajun dishes. We had the crawfish sampler which had crawfish ettoufe, crawfish cakes, fried crawfish tails; served with french fries, cole slaw and hushpuppies. All the crawfish dishes were really good. A pet peeve is that when our app. of onion rings was served the main course was delivered about 2 minutes later. So, we did not have time to really enjoy them.I really want to give this 3.5 stars. 
I've been going to the French Quarter at least once a year...for years.  During each of my visits I always stop here but not because it is the most impressive place along Bourbon.  In a den of competing bars and restaurants, Cajun Cabin does a few things well and that keeps me going back - especially during early afternoons before the 3-for-1's start at many of the bars.
1) its centrally located along Bourbon - convenient after walking all day
2) its nice and cool - a welcome break from LA heat and humidity
3) has good TV's - which they'll change for you; great for March Madness, etc
4) bartenders are genuinely friendly - unless you act like a total tourist ass
5) red beans & rice w/andouille - surprisingly some of the best in the area
6) alligator bites appetizer - sometimes fried food is exactly what you need
7) bloody mary's with vodka infused right there 
I'm not making any claims that is the must-go-to place in the FQ as they all have their niches but Cajun Cabin gets some of my time every visit because I know I'll have a good time.  Give them a shot as part of your pre-game before the 4 pm happy hours kick in.We stopped by for lunch without checking the ratings. Our mistake. Cajun specialities, but the prices are way out of line (nearly $15 for an oyster po-boy???) and the quality of the food was just a notch above so-so. Add to this the fact that we couldn't get an Abita beer. In New Orleans??? Maybe we've overlooked something, but we suggest you pass on the Cabin and keep walking down Bourbon Street.Unbelievably bad experience.  Husband had been here years ago and had great memories of their jambalaya; he was so sad to sample their boring, tasteless rice dish this past week. But real capper was the salad I had.  It was served with turkey meat that was way past its prime - slimy and tasting off. I removed it from my plate so I could eat around it, and when I pointed it out to the server, she barely apologized and left the nasty pile of rotting meat just sitting on the table, until after the dishes were clear, until after they brought the check and until after we left.   I have never been so grossed out, and, felt lucky that the meal didn't make me ill.This was like a Cajun Denny's with higher prices.  
The staff was nice, but the food (and prices) left something to be desired.  Honestly it was the first place I saw after getting to my hotel after not eating the microwaved airplane hamburgers I was offered so I went for it.  When I saw it in the light of day I was kind of ashamed.  Like I had jet lag goggles on or something.
My Mufaletta was pretty sad.  Dry bread and not much in the middle.  The red beans and rice I had were OK.  My partner's Redfish was completely over seasoned and just not good.  When I can't taste the meat I'm eating it makes me wonder what the chef was trying to hide.
Portions were big, but I wouldn't want to eat a bunch of mediocre food just because it's in my face even after a whole day of travel.We went here on a visit to NOLA, for some post marathon food...
Venue: super cute inside, with a nice open air feel, and some bourbon street spectating. Had a few TVs to watch some sports also.
Food: We got the alligator bites, which were yummy, but as I always feel about alligator, do taste a lot like chicken. The wings had a great flavor, we got the classic style, though I'd be intrigued to try the sweet habanero as well. We got a cabin burger, added the spicy horseradish cheese, and bacon, unfortunately you couldn't taste the yummy cheese as much as I'd hoped. But it was a solid burger, nothing out of the ordinary though. The fries were yummy and quite crunchy.
Drinks: We had bloody mary's which were good with a decent little spice, but I'm not sure if they were worth the $10. Then we got some beers, a Jefferson stout, which was a little bitey, and the Pecan ale...delicious. 
Service: Very attentive, offered good recommendations when we asked. 
I would definitely go back!First off - this was a great place to watch the NFL games on Sunday, so I feel a little guilty giving the place a 2-star review.  If you can get a spot at the bar, you're in great shape for watching sports. 
Problem is, the bar is the only part of the place worth checking out.  The "restaurant" portion is clearly trying to market itself as a higher-end option, with tablecloths and silverware that clearly don't belong in this average Bourbon Street location.  The prices were ridiculous - $14.99 for an average etouffee that didn't even fill me up.  
Overall, disappointing.very small portions, very boring almost TV dinner quality food. Terrible service. The service was probably 3 *s worse than the food, but I gave 1 * for the food. Just avoid it. Yelp makes others not you pay for a superbad experienceI stopped by for lunch on one of my days in New Orleans this past time and sat on the balcony.  I had the blackened chicken pasta while my friend had the Taste of New Orleans dish which came with Jambalaya, red beans and rice, chicken/sausage gumbo. Both of our dishes were pretty good. The pasta was kind of heavy but still very tasty, and my friend said their taste of new orleans was spectacular. The service was great and with my two visits here to this establishment, i know I will be back for a third!Good fried food. The onion rings are good, worth trying.the etuffee taste like pure tomato sauce and had the nerve to put a pinch of rice in the middle, so i told the waitress i wanted something else and ordered the catfish plate that tasted alot better.There was no refills on the soda so that REALLY sucked.Pretty much, never went back after that.This place was a little pricey for what we got.  Crawfish nachos were good.  Etouffe was a big let down.  Ribeye was amazing but pricey for a whole in the wall like thisNothing to write home about. Had the catfish atafalayah which I've never had before. No spice, fairly bland but ok. Strawberry margarita was flavored which is nasty to me.**3.5 stars**
The self-acclaimed original Cajun restaurant is located right off Bourbon street. 
The coworkers and I came here for lunch and was pleasantly surprised by the tastiness of the food here.  
I got a shrimp pasta in a cream-based sauce.  With a few dabs of good ol' Louisiana hot sauce, the pasta was delightful.  Sadly they don't have any local beers here, so I opted for a Belgium one instead ($7 for a beer!).
Overall, not a bad place for Cajun food.  We all left full and happy.Been here a couple of times in the afternoon.
Reasons to go:
1) Convenient if you're already on Bourbon St.
2) I really liked the food quality.
3) The food and drink selection was good.
4) Friendly staff from the waitresses to the greeters; always smiling even though they seem to be stressed.
Reasons to avoid:
1) The sex show across the street; it was distracting and the 'parent of the year' nominees that bring their kids down Bourbon St...ugh...it bothered me.  
2) The staff was friendly but nowhere near manned like it should be.  Long wait on service, drinks, getting your check, etc.
-These 2 reasons were enough to knock down a standard 4-star restaurant to a low-range 3-starIt's time like these when I wish I was on the Food Network "Best Thing Ever" show, because the Cajun Cabin served me the best burger my friends and I ever ate. In fact, this burger was so good that I came back for a second the very next day in addition to ordering yet another of their burgers.
The Dead Cajun is a deep- fried burger that is stuffed with jalapenos, cheese, and topped with fried onions, pickles, etc. and fixed between a cheddar jalapeno bun. This sandwich was huge, messy and entirely what the doctor ordered that day. The fried green tomatoes were also a terrific appetizer.
I tried the Peanut Burger the next afternoon, which was simply a burger with a peanut butter spread. Strange? Yes. Delicious? Yes.
While I was an avid fan of the Dead Cajun Burger, I was not as great a fan of the specialty drinks. Still worth a visit while on Bourbon Street with the munchies!We needed a place to watch the Superbowl and the Cajun Cabin looked cool from the outside so we went in to check it out.  We had a blast drinking and watching the Giants win, the bartenders were great!!! We looked at the menu just to see what they had and before I could finish reading my friends boyfriend was like let's have lunch here tmrw before we go home....
We went back for lunch and it was good the wings(regular & the habanero ones) were cooked exactly the way we like.  I had the shrimp and grits(YUM) and my husband had a burger I cant remember which one but i tried it and it was def delish. Definitely a cool place to just chill or to get a bite to eat.This turned out to be our first group meal on our New Orleans trip.
It was a Friday night and it was Bourbon Street, so after walking around for quite some time, we decided to try this place out, simply because they could accomodate a sitdown meal for our large group.
I was not too hungry at that point, so I decided on a side dish of jambalaya, which I thought was great!  I also ordered a Hurricane and was pleasantly surprised with the alcohol content, given the lack on the rest of Bourbon Street.  The rest of my group was not too happy with their meals though and had spent a lot more money on full entrees.  In addition, there needed to be about 10 more servers throughout the restaurant; it took my one friend almost 20 minutes to get a glass of water!  Wouldn't be my first pick of places in New Orleans, but if you're desperate and on Bourbon St. and have a small group, it's worth a try.I wasn't impressed with this restaurant and I'm not sure why. I can't even suggest something to eat here because what i had, wasn't impressive. I had jambalaya with a few shreds of meat that I probably could have fixed better myself. The waitress didn't look happy to be there; maybe because she wasn't impressed either - idk.There are a lot better places in NOLA to feed yourself. This place is ok if you are drunk on Bourbon St desperate for some fried garbage, but other than that I would avoid it. Its a dirty fryer...This place is located right in the french quarter where all the action is. It is a great place to kick back and have drinks with friends or a lover while watching all the excitement on Bourbon st. The oysters were really fresh tasty, and  have to try the craw fish platter complete with craw-fish bisque and craw-fish cakes, or fried seafood platter with a little sample of it all !! 
-The is definitely a tourist trap. But it is a mighty fine tourist trap that serves up some good Cajun style food.
-The drinks are really good but only come in a $10 tacky souvenir cup if you are in that sort of thing, which I am. It's fun to walk around Bourbon street with your drink in your hand wearing crazy beads and stuff- it has a Vegas feel. 
-A GREAT TIP! Go to restaurant.com and look up this restaurant or other ones in the area and they usually have $25, or $50 gift cards for under 10 bucks! No joke, but here are some restrictions. be sure to check if alcohol is covered in these coupons, because that can change alot ;)
-If you would like to go to a place for local cuisine with a non-touristy feeling, this would probably not be your best bet, but it does certainly have awesome food. But it is a good tacky tourist place, but fun time! After all, that is why people visit Bourbon st., right?Got a seat on the balcony in time for the Easter parade. Taurence and Susan were the best. Fried green tomatoes awesome. Shrimp and grits. A 9. Cajun caprese was excellent. Overall a really nice experience on bourbon stPortions were very small. Not satisfied w/ Jambalaya. Étouffée was ok. Shrimp was oversalted.My husband and I need food ASAP and just came here randomly. I normally look at Yelp reviews but this time I didn't due to drinking a few too many drinks and needing food. My husband and I ordered our first hurricane drink since touching down in New Orleans. The drink was okay but found better places that make it. For our meal we split crawfish nachos and alligator po-boy. The food itself was just okay. I liked the nachos more but the alligator po-boy just tasted like popcorn shrimp out of a box. Would I come here or recommend it to anyone? Nah, unless you want some crawfish nachos.We stopped here after a recommendation from a friend. I'd definitely say its a good spot for some good food. Somehow they also pull off the whole sports bar atmosphere while still seeming to be a decent sit down restaurant. They have a bunch of TVs and a huge projector screen in the middle of the restaurant. We were there when LSU was playing at home so there were quite a few LSU fans watching the game. The food was good. I had the new Orleans trio with jambalaya, gumbo, and etoufee. The gumbo was a little bland, but the dish was good. My wife and the shrimp platter which was overflowing with shrimp. Our waitress was real nice and like a lot people down there referred to us as "baby," as in "can I get you anything else baby?" pretty cool in my book. Overall a good place to eat right on Bourbon street where you can escape the crowds for a bit.3 Stars mostly based on service.  The staff was very patient and attentive for our group.  Yelp checkin offer was a bonus.
Would say it is mostly a touristy location, clean, and I think location is good for anyone visiting Bourbon street and needs a place to park their butts or to fuel up their tanks.  Prices were a little higher than I would have liked.
Nothing spectacular for me to visit again, but wouldn't turn it down if a group wanted to come here.Love it!!! Everything we ordered was delicious! I tried fried alligator for the first time and loved it! They taste very much like chicken. I ordered  the shrimp creole with rice and ate every bite! My bf ordered the gumbo sampler and all were very tasty. For dessert, we got banana bread pudding and enjoyed every bite as well. Would love to come back!Great ambiance and food was delicious. Shrimp Po-Boy for lunch with a side of Boudin Sausage. Glorious.  Great for lunch.Came here last Halloween.  This place has the best chicken sandwich ever, sucks that I can't have on a regular basis since I live in California. The service was great, the waitress was on her A game.Food was okay, typical Bourbon Street place, across the street from the live sex show act, if you want to grab some food and a cheap drink before hitting that up.  The bartenders were great, and just be nice and not a pain in the butt and you get a stiff drink.Came here while attending the French Quarter Festival. Wasn't too hungry so my friends and I just grabbed a few appetizers to share. We got the debris fries which were delicious. We also got the alligator bites because none of us have ever had alligator. It was good and does in fact taste like chicken. We sat upstairs, outside, which was awesome. We were able to see everything happening on bourbon st.The fries is what pulled the rating up to 3 stars.  I had the Creole brown jambalaya which was bland and the rice was overcooked.  Hubby had the peanut butter burger (pictured here) and they made the peanut butter too sweet.Started off with the debris fries. They were fantastic. Then it went all downhill from there. Ordered the peanut burger and they brought me out a regular hamburger. Sent it back and they brought it out again. HELLLLOOOOOO. Really?? The rest of the food was eh. Check comes and it's all wrong.Crawfish Nachos is more crawfish than nachos..yum!
We stopped here to try and sober up with some greasy appetizers before we head out for dinner.  It was our first night here and we wanted to try some authentic dishes we never had before, but at the same time we didn't want to get full since we were heading out to another place for dinner.  Plus, we were hoping to get a balcony view to ppl watch & to give away our beads...=) 
We ordered the Crawfish Nachos & the Alligator Bites.  Both were new dishes that i've never tried before.  I didn't think nacho cheese would go well with seafood/crawfish but it really did.  The alligator bites taste just like chicken, but much more tender.  The best part was it wasn't that greasy!  NIce!!!!   Sometimes when its too greasy i tend to lose my appetite.  I was really surprise at how much i liked them.  I swear i ate more than my fair share, but hey if you snooze you lose right?  
Well, we didn't find anyone to throw our beads to, but its still a great place to stop over to get a quick bite, view the scene below and taste some New Orleans hospitality!We didn't try the food, just popped in for a quick drink and to hang out for a bit.  It seems like a nice place and next time we'll have to try the food!My wife and I stopped in this afternoon after checking out Navy Nola Week and we had a very nice time.  We both had the Cowboy burger with fries and we both had the Grey Goose Pear cocktail.  The burgers were cooked correctly, the toppings had great flavor, and the cocktail was strong and crisp.  We'll be back and recommend you try it.We stopped in while out walking around and shared the Crawfish Nachos, it was really good.  I've since made shrimp nachos at home in a similar fashion.During our latest trek to New Orleans, my friend and I ate lunch here on two separate occasions, with neither of us having anything bad to say about the place.
Food: The first day, I had the crawfish po-boy and my friend had the muffaletta. My sandwich was overflowing with fried crawfish tails (almost annoyingly so) and my pal couldn't stop raving about his meal. Day two, I opted for the beef brisket sandwich (which I highly recommend) and my buddy went with the bourbon street hamburger. Again, we had no complaints about the food.
Service: The bartender, whose name escapes me, is a very friendly and attentive lady. She had my glass of water filled before it was even empty and made sure to check on us multiple times. I can't speak to what it's like in the dining area, since we only ever sat at the bar.
All in all, this is probably a place we'll return to every year.Hmm. We met my brother here on our first night in NOLA... to do the whole "Bourbon Street Thing". It was less "drunken mess" than most of the surrounding options, and being on a professional conference, I figured that was a better bet. The drinks were good... but it was like being in a suburban sports bar while a riot was occurring outside. It was a weird setting and definitely not somewhere I'd pick again.Food is good but the environment is what I really liked. It's sort of touristy looking, but has a really nice open feeling. Big screen TVs for football was a bonus...I felt as a visitor that it was hard to find a place to hide out on football Sunday... I liked their red beans and rice. Not a wow-factor, but a nice and dependable spot.The Cajun Cabin is a real taste of Louisiana with their Cajun Jambalaya, Crawfish Étouffée, Chicken and Andouille Sausage Gumbo, Fried Alligator Bites.  Zydeco Salad, Blackened Shrimp Pasta, Gouda Tasso Grits and Cajun Chicken Sandwich.  
My husband and I ate here several times while we were on our Honeymoon in NOLA last September, and we would have come every day if it were up to me, but Husband said "we have to branch out"!  My must try dishes are (in order) the Gouda Tasso Grits, the Fried 'Gator Bites, the Cajun Chicken sandwich and definitely the "Taste of New Orleans" sampler.  Try and get a window seat on the restaurant side to watch all of the action on Bourbon Street!
I can't wait to get back to NOLA for Carnival, I am going to eat my face off at the Cajun Cabin!The blackened red fish with either soft-shell crab etouffee on top or shrimp etouffee on top... Amazing! If your not a huge fan of a pretty fishy taste get the shrimp on top Instead of the crab. I had the mint julep as well... Was phenomenal! Also our server was Matt and he was really helpful in letting us know what type of dish each were and explaining them. He was right about how awesome the blackened red fish is!I had one of the worst service experiences ever.  Had a group of 8, they refused to push two tables together because the two open tables belonged to different servers.  So much for customer service.  Funny thing is, the same server ended up serving our two separate tables.   Then they did not want to honor the Yelp coupon that was available when you checked in, finally got that cleared up.   The server was rude and seemed put out.  
Then, the charged one of my friends credit card for $70 instead of $20!
With all the places in French Quarter begging you to come into their restaurant, don't waste your time here.Grabbed dinner at Cajun Cabin during the Essence festival, Friday night.  The service was fast and on point. Catfish po boy and the turkey sandwich with gravy. Not sure about that, must of been a Cajun thing. Red beans & rice were perfect with a smokey, rich flavor. Still wasn't overly impressedTasty!!
-The end
Okay, I'm not leaving you with that.  Yelpers everywhere would vote that the worst review on the site and I'd go down in Review history... not the name I want for myself ladies and gentleman.  So I shall continue! 
The food was good, not the best on the planet, but it was good.  I liked the experience because it was right off Bourbon street, downstairs by the window (balcony seats an option upstairs), the service was good with a nice friendly waitress, and again - the food was good.
I couldn't help but start with the Fried Crawfish Tails.  It's New Orleans, so crawfish just seems like a must... and fried is a different experience for them, so I was intrigued!  These little tasty morsels were quiet the treat, nice pieces of tail meat, well cooked (err... fried) and seasoned well.  I didn't care much for the dipping sauce, but I've never been much of a deeper anyway.  LOL
Still good though.
I followed it up with the BBQ Shrimp po-boy.  This was a little less impressive, good, but nothing to write home about or call the waiter for compliments.  The BBQ wasn't to tasty, and that is from the little I could taste.  The shrimp were cooked well though, not super FIRM, and not overly Soft.  Good.  The bread was a little hard, but it was the type of bread - not from hours on the shelf.  I wish they would have used a lighter/softer bread.
All in all I wouldn't mind stopping in, in fact, I plan to on my next trip for the Boiled Crawfish by the pound - and right off Bourbon.I'm fairly sure this is a different place than Patout's. That bar closed sometime since the last time I was down in New Orleans. We were disappointed because Patout's was one of the few places that still played Zydeco. Cajun Cabin seems to be filling that need.
We stepped in to listen to the Zydeco and maybe play some washboard. The band was good, and we did in fact get to play some washboard. Unfortunately the band had the shortest sets I've ever experienced, maybe three songs, and then a 20 minute break. Needless to say we were a little disappointed considering that's why we came in the first place. 
Without the band this place doesn't have much going for it. Same old bar stuff as others on the street.Hitting the touristy spots were going to be inevitable...one in particular was Cajun Cabin. After passing all the drunks and the skanks down Bourbon St.(2 days before Mardi Gras..so Bourbon St. was crazy chaotic), I came across Cajun Cabin where there were some empty seats...it was great because all the other restaurants were either too packed or pricey...We came inside and our hostess was totally nice to us. The lighting was dim and a live band was playing in the back of the restaurant...pretty awesome and fun! I didn't know what to order but eventually I ordered the blackened tuna (Ok so I should've ordered some authentic Louisiana food like a po'boy or something but i still wasn't used to the meat and the grease yet...) Well...the tuna was FABULOUS...I loved it but couldn't finish it for it was a huge portion and the crawfish etouffe plus gumbo added on...oh and swamp water (I forgot what type of alcohol they mixed) was STRONG! Overall, it was a fun experience except for that creepy drunk who tried to strike up a conversationThis place will be the last place that we eat on Bourbon Street.  It is a tourist trap. We had the gator bites which were OK but really could have just been fried balls with nothing in them. Not really much flavor to them. We also had the shrimp maque chox, which was disgusting. We only finished it because we had a few drinks and were starving. If I hadn't had anything to drink, I would have sent it back and left. Will not return.Came during a slow period.  Staff was awesome, food tasted fresh and well-prepared and the bar had anything you can think of.  Easily one of the best places to eat on the strip.  In fact, I don't think I'd eat anywhere else on Bourbon.I wasn't impressed with this place at all. The food was bland, the service was slow, and even though I left full, I regretted having stuffed my face with food that tasted about as authentic as a plastic cup.
One thing I did like about this place was the balcony. Watching all of the people walking around while the sun grew dimmer behind the beautiful architecture that is New Orleans is something I will never forget. But let's face it. This could have been any balcony in NO because there was nothing special about the owner of that balcony. 
If not for watching the passersby stopping in the sex house across the street, the drunk guy dancing to Michael Jackson's "Beat It", and the street performer posing as the Michael Jordan symbol, my experience would have been just as bland as Cajun Cabin.
*I saw that there was a review for this place but it was titled "Patout's Cajun Bistro & Cajun Cabin", but because it had a different address and Cajun Cabin's business is advertised on its website as "Cajun Cabin" and not "Patout's" I thought it necessary to make a whole new business page rather than change the address on the other page.This is an acceptable place to get some Cajun food late at night when you don't feel like finding a better place.  They actually have some pretty good red beans and rice.  I've easily had better in New Orleans, but a local NOLA amber beer with a plate of red beans and rice was just what I needed that night.  The bartender was a very friendly guy and the bar is equipped with 2 huge widescreens.  So, I can't complain.  The worst part is that they clearly jacked up all the prices for tourists.  $10 for a plate of red beans and rice is ridiculous.   That's something you accept when you're on Bourbon St. though.  I personally wouldn't waste a meal here in the future considering that there are so many home-run places to be eating at in this city.The wait staff is sweet, however, the service is missing a beat. Totally understaffed, service is blah, drinks are strong. I had to send my meal back because it was cold.  They gave it right back to me straight from the microwave.  When I sent it back again I told  them I'd order something else.  I got a hamberger.  I was good but when I bit into it the bun fell totally apart.  I chatted with the managers about my experience.  They were very plesant people. Don't get me wrong, if I'm going to give someone a bad review I'm going to tell them first.  They were very receptive to my concerns.  Alex our waiter was so sweet and nice.  We ended up tipping him big it wasn't his fault at all.  In the end, everybody left with a smile and free dessert not to mention boxes of beads to throw from their balcony.  As far as prices go, I think a little too pricy for the place, however, if you're looking for some place to check out and are starving, they do make a mean burger.When my father came down to visit me for vacation we went to Bourbon st. We decided to check this place out. When we went in we were greeted by a very friendly and attentive staff.  We had a seat at the window looking out on scenic Bourbon. The food was pretty awesome here,Still a bit pricey.  But compared to other restaurants in the french quarter I would say fairly reasonable.  This wasn't exactly my favorite restaurant but my dad still talks about this place so I guess it is good enough to give a positive review.We stopped here for lunch after a morning full of tourist activities. The food was about average, I did like the beef brisket sandwich and the shrimp po'boy was not bad. The service was a bit sketchy, as is pretty much the case for any establishment on Bourbon Street. Our waiter seemed high and frequently left the restaurant and ventured out to other stores/ bars on Bourbon, which seemed a little odd. Our total came to about $35 for the two of us, not exactly the cheapest lunch, but by no means expensive.Stopped in here one night looking for grub.  I am always reluctant to eat in the Quarter because it's a tourist trap, but we stopped anyways.  They had precisely what we were looking for - shrimp and grits, so we stayed. We started with the alligator bites, easily shared between three of us. Fried nicely and served with cocktail sauce and a dill dipping sauce.  We all three ordered the shrimp and grits.  Very tasty, with andouille sausage and a spicy cream sauce.  One round of drinks for each of us ($10 each), app and dinner came to $96 for the three of us.  A little steep (again, why I wanted to avoid the Quarter!), but was a decent meal.Food tastes awesome, portion size was amazing, staffs were friendly and cool, but I am giving 4 stars because they forgot that they seated us and did not even get drink order for like....20 minutes?? but oh well, I have no complaint. I loved the food there and if I do visit NOLA again, I will comeback for their food :)  
My boyfriend has a cowboy burger and omg,, it was HUGE! Sometime when people make food for portion, they forget about the details in flavor combination.. BUT the chef at cajun cabin did a FINE job making sure all the goodness in the burger work together marvelously and the meat in the burger was ooohhhhh so juicy :)
Seems like new manager took the place about 6 month ago.The Cajun Cabin is one of my regular spots in the Quarter. I rarely have a bad meal here and the service is pretty good esp. at the bar when Claudette is there. Claudette is one of the most attentive, helpful, and down-to-earth bartenders I know in the Quarter. 
Pros:
- Delicious ribeye steak that is served with jambalaya and corn
- Ribs are very good
- Big open dining room with great view of Bourbon St.
- Lots of tv's here (I come here and sit at the bar when I'm in the area and wanna watch a game)
- Crawfish Nachos rock!
- Bananas Foster Cheesecake! Nuff Said!
Cons:
- Gets crowded after 7:30pm except a few times during the week
- There are a few servers there that don't pay enough attention and you have to seek them out to get service promptlySEAFOOD PLATTERS
A touristy spot. But we couldn't resist after being told "the service sucks, but the food is good" by the host. 
All our food turned out delicious. The shrimp platter had perfectly fried and plump shrimps. The beef brisket plate had the most sweet and tender brisket. The trio of New Orleans included tasty samples of gumbo, jambalaya and crawfish etouffee. 
Very filling portions!After driving all over the NOLA metro area trying to find a place to get something in our bellies at 10 pm, a friend and I gave up and landed in the Cajun Cabin.
It is a welcome respite from the noise and hustle and bustle of Bourbon Street.  There was also an electrical outlet next to our table, which allowed me to juice up my phone, which was nearly dead from the drive over from Pensacola and the GPS usage trying to find the recommended-by-friends eateries...all of which were closed.  WTH?!  It was 9-10 on a beautiful summer night!
Anyway.  I started with a hurricane and a bottle of Miller Lite.  Typical of Bourbon Street, I had just spent $12 ($8 hurricane, $4 long neck) before I looked at the menu.  The hurricane was good and it was loaded with ethanol of some variety, which is a better use for that elixir than mixing it with gasoline and burning it.  Just say no to that waste.
I ordered the red beans and rice (see bad cell phone pic), which were just fine.  Nothing exceptional, but totally worthy of ordering again.  My one whine, if I had to come up with one, is the quality of the snausage.  You can see the snausage as two lumps, one on either side of the mound of rice.  That snausage is tough and filled with gristle.  Don't get me wrong, it was tasty, but the texture reminded me of something that I'd purchase out of the meat case at a discount grocery, labeled with a generic description. 
Ah, one other general complaint about the rice served at restaurants.  WTH is the deal with using parboiled rice?  It is just nasty.  It doesn't stick together and it is hard(-er than "real" rice).  I realize that it has a longer holding time, but regular rice will hold for quite a while in an automatic rice cooker/steamer.  Parboiled, Uncle Ben's-type rice is an insult to grains.  Do something about that, m'kay?
My friend got some pasta dish that had crawfish and alfredo sauce, topped with a soft shell crab.  He raved about it, but I didn't taste it.
The staff was great, the place was clean.  Prices were higher than I would have liked, but we were out of options and it is directly on Bourbon Street, so there's that.  I'd go back, but I wouldn't drive from Pensacola just for the food.I like this place.  The downstairs is set up like a swamp.  The upstairs has a balcony, which is perfect for people-watching and enjoying the insanity of Bourbon.  The small soups are teacup sized - don't order those.  The food's pretty great!  This is a great place to bring the tourists.  Sit upstairs.