Cane and Table represents a trend in bars that has run its course. It may be newish to New Orleans, bartenders taking ten minutes to make a drink to which they add tiny drops of special flavorings, but this has been going on in other cities for quite some time. The general consensus has become that it should never take more than a couple minutes to make a Cuba Libre - even if you have a handlebar mustache and are wearing suspenders while doing it. The two stars here is for the pellet ice that does make up the majority of the cocktail. Good stuff. Didn't try the food and was not impressed by what I saw on the menu. And seriously, a .90 cent additional charge for all drinks made with lime juice because of what is going in in Mexico, that is called the cost of doing business people. When you are already charging $12 a drink, I think you can assume your temporary extra lime cost.If you're looking for a great place for cocktails where you can sit and enjoy their great patio, look no further than Cane and Table.
We arrived later in the evening, and while there were no seats inside in the air conditioning, there were plenty out back on their spacious patio.  So it was out there we went to enjoy a few of their specialty cocktails.
Service was quite attentive and those drinks?  Well let me tell you  . . .they deliciously pack a wallop so plan accordingly!  We had just come from dinner so we didn't taste any of their food, but what we say (and smelled) looked delicious!
A really nice place to enjoy what NOLA is known for- good people, good food and definitely good drinks!Been wanting to come here for a good while now, no regrets whatsoever. Awesome selection with an on point bartender to boot, can't ask for more. Expansive menu and a good place you can feel free to ask for a random rendition with some flavor profiles your into. Love itGreat little hidden gem with no street sign on Decatur st. Nice change of pace from the usual ratchetness in the area. Clean smells great of all the fresh fruit. Nice mixology place. Good drinks nice staff. Order a boss colada. Not bad kinda sweet but to be expected. Also got the storm in dark. Also pretty good. My beautiful girl got the bronze beautified. Very legit. Then we got the fried ribs with chili sauce. Pretty bomb kinda spicy. Also got the crab Rangoon. Very good but needed more crab inside. Fried corn was ok. Overall nice with great ambiance. Then we sat at the bar and had one last drink. We had the bartender make us a drink that wasn't on the menu two palms. Was the best drink we had all night. Coulda drank those all night.We were in NO a few days and tried gin fizzes along the way. Cane and Table makes the best, by far!  Try one. If you like gin fizzes, you will love this one.When I asked the master of drinks behind the counter what he'd call his place, he said "early colonial drinking establishment." That works for me. 
It seems that nothing made after 1900 is available and watching them mix up any of their specialty cocktails is like watching an artist. It's truly entertaining. And delicious. 
The establishment itself is a treat, too. Beautiful, rustic, charming as hell...even the bathrooms are quaint. Enjoyed myself thoroughly.We came here twice, first time they were closed for Ash Wednesday, which was legit.  But I was so excited we came back on Thursday night. We made it through the appetizers and drinks and couldn't handle how rude the waitress was, so we left. Very disappointed because the reviews of the food were so good, but we didn't make it that far. Rolling your eyes every time you walk away from a table is not going to get the us to stick around. She even seemed annoyed the table next to is asked for more water, tried to pour them some as if it was a huge inconvenience and then realized it was empty.Could I give zero stars? Rude and bitchy staff from the host to the bartenders. Slow service with a bad attitude. They also charged other people's drinks to our tab and forced us to pay for a hundred dollars worth of drinks neither my wife or I had.Stopped in for a drink, had to wait for a spot at the bar, but not for long. Drinks were great and it was fun to watch them being made. I could see this not being a great spot if no seats were available. Next trip, I would stop for dinner (Make a reservation), menu featured items from local farms, and looked good.This just place blew me away. 
I knew by reputation that the drinks would be top-notch but the food is the total surprise. 
The drinks and food are drawn from New Orleans' colonial-Carribean heritage. A bevy of rum drinks are featured on the cocktail menu while the food is definitely inspired by the city's  Afro-Latin-Creole history.
I liked everything I ate but the standouts were the ribs, rice and peas and the calas.  Go hungry. Go thirsty. Just go.What an amazing hidden gem. We walked past a number of times and never knew it was there. We were looking for some small plates and queried Yelp when this popped up. So glad we chose it. Food was good - suckling pig, need I say more! Cocktails were pure art. Glad we sat at the bar as watching the mixologist do her work was so interesting and entertaining. These cocktails are not just yummy, they are pure alchemy with all of the little bottles and droppers of unique ingredients. This is not your run of the mill French Quarter bar. Check it out for an truly unique and upscale experience!A local recommended this place in hopes I would get a true feel of Nola and not just touristy bourbon street so I gave it a try. It was a HOT humid day and we got a little discouraged trying to find it (coming from bourbon street/it was a long & hot walk) but it was worth it, the entire street is lines with restaurants and bars...it draws the opposite crowd of bourbon street...locals..older people..hipsters, etc. this bar was pretty cool (I can appreciate how adamant the doorman was to check my id (because...well Nola that's why) they had a live band, a long bar, and a huge chalkboard menu with endless craft/local beer sections, the bartenders were kind and they keep coolers & large jugs of water & cups everywhere out of courtesy for their patrons (more places should do this) after that long walk I tried a local root beer (non alcoholic) because I didn't want alcohol after that long walk lol. My company tried a beer from Scotland and another from England, I tasted both and they were alright, this is coming from someone who barely ever drinks. we didn't feel rushed and closed in by the crowd which was nice. Stop by this place and this street if you're looking for something a little more "real"The drinks were great but the food selection was slim. Make a reservation if you're going for brunch...I ordered the bacon and got three pieces for $6. The entrees are around $15 for small portions too. Another reviewer noted how pricey it is...the specialty drinks expensive and they even feature drinks for $40-60 on the back page of the cocktail menu. Be prepared to spend some money.Visited this bar while in New Orleans in late-February.  In mid-afternoon the place was quiet and relaxing, and the bartenders friendly.  Had a Roman Punch (sans the toasted marshmallow), which was a very refreshing cocktail on a warm day!i'm so glad we stopped in this bar.  it was a respite from a very cold day last month.  they have a great happy hour between 3-5 (pretty hard to make if you have a day job) with a selection of drinks priced at $6 and snacks at a reduced price.  i think i ordered 3 different drinks and they were all very, very tasty and well made.  we were there ~4-7 and it started to get full from 6 on, so i'm not sure how it is at night and especially a weekend night.  but we were very grateful to find a quiet, non-touristy spot.So this is a 3 star review and I reviewed Cane & Table previously and gave it 4. I think the issue that we had here was that there were 8 of us and we were told that we needed to do a large format menu which really restricted what we could order from the kitchen. I think that is where most of the problems with the food came in because we found that the food that we got was pretty average but it wasn't the food I would ordered if we had been given the option to order off of the entire menu. I am going to just say that I would like to go back with a smaller group and order off the regular menu. Our server was great, she was really cool and joked around with us which was awesome. She got the heater out on the patio started for us which was great because it was starting to cool down. The manager wasn't too bad of a guy but I think that he saw 8 guys who had been drinking and assumed that we would be idiots rather than respectful people. The hostess working was ok but again same thing, I tried to be very nice to her and let her know that we would be receptive to whatever they said but before seating us she told us that the patio was chill and that they wanted to keep it that way so we shouldn't make too much noise. I mean come on that doesn't help anything really. So the food, the food, we got the hummus (2 orders), ok, the pork skins (2 orders), really good get these, and we ended up ordering some crispy rum ribs as an add on (4 orders since there are 4-5 ribs per order). These were awesome! If you go to Cane & Table and can get one thing, get these. For the main they brought us the yardbird and the day boat whole fish (2 orders of each). The chicken and fish again were just ok, maybe it's because I have been to Peche and the night before we were at Coquette and that set the bar a little high, I don't know. They brought us a giant flaming drink as well and another one that had pineapple in it that was quite good. For dessert they brought out beignet like things but they were made out of rice flour or something, they had an interesting story but I have to say that they weren't that good either. Again I think that many of the problems here were the perception of us when we walked in and also the fact that we were forced to do the set menu which eliminated a lot of the things on the menu that we wanted to order. Cane & Table is definitely a place that I will go for drinks because the bartenders are seriously talented but the food is another matter but I would like to give it another chance in the future.Huge disappointment. I was really looking forward to this meal but almost everything was off. Cool, old space in the FQ but then they have the lights on way too bright. Get some dimmers and candles.
Love the idea of the drink menu w the old recipes. However, execution was sub par and the drinks were it good.
The food was just awful. I have nightmares about the fried rib. Everything about it was nasty and not edible. We have 7-8 dishes and there wasn't one decent dish. 
Service was fine. Only part that wasn't horrible.Interesting Latin fusion, but more like Latin confusion. Fried yucca chips and hummus, not a brilliant idea. Micro chips keep breaking in the hum-mess. Then had ribs. Big mistake. Breaded and fried. Had one and wanted to throw up. That is something they should warn you about in advance. They had run out of dessert and coffee. Proof that there is a divine being. The water was good! And necessary. If you want fried, try the beignets at cafe du monde.Sal the bartender was the best, turned us on to the ribs and best venue for music of Frenchman Street. Would definitely go again next time we are in town.
Our experience was similar to others, in that all the tables were empty, but they could not find room for two of us. After 2 hours at the bar, the tables were still empty. Weird. With Sal the bartender we had dinner and a show.Ambiance was a 10. For sure. Service; crap. We waited for a table at the bar where it took the bartender a solid 15 minutes before attending to us. After being seated, it took them another 20 minutes before attending to us. We then struggled getting through our appetizers, the wrong drink order & fried ribs. Who the heck fries ribs and doesn't indicate such on the menu?? Anyway, next we finish up and go to pay. It takes about 12 minutes before they realized we never got water glasses and 15 to bring us the wrong check.Boss colada and crispy rum ribs=heaven. Chef Ean and Nick the bartender know there stuff. We also had the pork skins and Two Palms which also were relish. Sat outside in the courtyard which was quieter than inside.One of my favorite places in the quarter. Upscale, chic, and awesome craft cocktails.  My friend and I shared a bunch of small plates.
Three pea hummus: I should first tell you that this comes with a mountain of yucca chips-crispy, fried and made to order. This wasn't my favorite hummus, it seemed to lack that tahini taste
Kale salad: This is also a fairly large portion.  I never order salads at restaurants but this excellent. The black pepper vinaigrette was delicious and the yucca croutons were my favorite. These  croutons are softer than regular croutons and vinaigrette had a somewhat sour taste but it wasn't overwhelming
Avocado toast: Huge chunks of crab (too much for me, but I'm not a crab person). The cherry tomatoes went well with it and I wish there had been more of them
Cornmeal spoon bread: Ok this was our absolute favorite. I don't know how they make this but God himself couldn't make it any better. So creamy and it just melts in your mouth. The green onion butter makes it very rich and the tomato jam goes so well with it. The next time I come here, I could just order this and be happyAt first when we arrived we were a little overwhelmed, it was raining outside and inside there was a large drunk birthday party that made the whole place incredibly loud. Service also seemed terrible at first, took forever to take our order and seemed generally uninterested to be there. We did the all you can drink brunch, with the duck hash and ramen bowl and a kale salad to start. We tried most of the drinks on the menu and they were pretty good, the rum punch and colonial mimosa our favorites. 
Our patience was definitely being tested with the slow service and this incredibly loud table but we finally got our salad and another round of drinks. The salad was really good but maybe a little overdressed. After that the duck hash came out which was also really good but the ramen was cold and the poached egg was closer to hard boiled so I sent it back. Finally now is when our service started to get better! Our waitress was so nice about the mistake and ended up comping my entire $35 brunch and bringing us a carafe of mimosas. 
We were very disappointed at first but this turned out whole dining experience around. Most of the servers were doing shots with tables and behind the bar so maybe they just had to get a little tipsy first. After that she was so nice and accommodating. If you're looking for a quiet relaxed place this is probably not your best bet but it was very fun for the all you can drink brunch.YES! I happen to love tiki bars and tiki cocktails, so I was so excited to see this place in New Orleans. I visit NOLA quite often for the music and swing dancing and always try to pop in here. What starts as grabbing "ONE" drink always turns into two or three and enjoying a couple great appetizers. 
The atmosphere is GREAT. I recommend sitting at the bar and chatting with the bartenders. They are all really friendly and take their cocktails seriously.This is a great bar that's a bit hidden. The cocktails are amazing but a bit pricey for the size. The staff is friendly and the place is clean. They play great music. It's definitely worth it to drop in for a spirt forward beverage.Best cocktails in Nola! I had read about this place before making my visit and I was so glad they lived up to my expectations :) I came once at night and once during happy hour. The place itself is very warm and cozy. The staff is very knowledgeable and definitely take the time to find the drink perfect for you. The drinks are very good & I would recommend visiting Cane & Table if you appreciate a fantastic cocktail.The cuisine is described as "rustic colonial" and the decor does reflect a bit of a rustic feel consistent with the quarter.  The restaurant has an excellent website (professional photos, easy to navigate, makes you salivate as you scroll thought).  Our midweek dinner was relatively quiet.  I arrived to our group after we placed an order to get essentially everything on the menu to share family style.  The service was a bit aloof - tried for a long time to get a water glass and a wine glass.  They brought the wine glass but left the wine bottle at the other end of the table and no one ever asked if I would like anything (to drink or eat) which made me feel a bit ignored.  I wish they had mentioned the mixed drinks because they look fantastic on the website.  The food was consistently good - I liked the roasted chicken the best; most other dishes were good but not particularly memorable.  I would consider trying brunch to enjoy the full experience; the mid-morning light would be very pretty streaming in the windows and the entrees look very good.The ambiance is decent and apparently they have a nice courtyard, but if you're in for drinks then you have to sit at the bar. Their happy hour specials are good, and they do have a very extensive cocktail menu, lots of fun looking stuff to try. But the music is canned (not live) and WAY too loud. If it's live, I'm prepared to not be able to talk to each other, but otherwise, turn it down and let us have at least a little conversation. Also, the host was very nice, but his BO was so bad it was stifling. I could tell every time he walked behind me. We won't return.Stunning raw space, charming waitstaff, excellent creative cocktails and delicious dinner.  Oh, in a terrific location.   After cocktails and plantain chips (sliced ultra thin) and hummus, our group of 15 shared family-style plates of greens, braised beef, buttered grilled corn, rubbed chicken, rice and beans, and rum cake.  All great, really. This is not your usual restaurant.Lovely cocktail bar with tasty food. We got the Crispy Rum Ribs and Fresh Puffed Pork (I.e. Pork Skins). Both were delicious. Don't forget to put some vinegar on the Fried Puffed Pork though, it balances out the (surprising) sweetness of the spice blend. We loved the romantic atmosphere too. Would be a great first date spot as the music is good and not too for conversation.Wow. Probably the best meal and cocktail I had in New Orleans.  Great patio outside in the back.  Just sit back, sip a cocktail, oh...ignore the rat running through the restaurant (authenticity isn't pretty).Rum Ribs!!!!!!!! This place has a great vibe, friendly staff and amazing food and cocktails. Go here when you want to spend a few well spent extra bucks. Not an obvious spot, so keep your eyes peeled when rolling by it on Decatur.This place is so adorable and the bartender was excellent. Didn't try their food yet. The patio is huge and will be amazing as soon as they put plants on it.I came here with some friends  for the Sunday bottomless drinks brunch. Delicious drinks and food. We definitely got took advantage of the 2 hours of unlimited cocktails. Awesome and attentive service. There was a Saints game so this place was pretty dead so I'm not sure how the service is usually.My fiance and I LOVE this Cane and Table! It truly is a hidden gem in a very busy part of the French Quarter. The inside is classy, the small plates delicious! The craft cocktails were amazing and the place has a outside courtyard to boot! Definitely will be returning again and again!Really wanted to try Cane and Table since I've heard good things. However, they refused to seat a party of 8 despite the restaurant being nearly empty at 7:30. I understand that restaurants have policies and that 8 is somewhat of a large party, but turning away a group of locals when they could have clearly seated us is a crumby way to do business. On top of the place being close to empty, they don't take reservations so it's not like an unscheduled party of 8 would have thrown off the whole night with the reservations to follow. They had 8 people ready to spend a lot of money and have a good time and they passed. I get it if you're slammed but their attitude was arrogant and unwelcoming and not a way to treat customers. To top it off we there to celebrate an anniversary which we told them and they still wouldn't seat us. It's a shame that this place is owned by locals, they should know better.I had seen this place featured on the Food Network for it's special Duroc pork rib appetizer and it's dessert that was a pre-beignet pastry made.
Made reservations weeks in advance as it is a well regarded place among the locals. 
Great decor, great (warm) service, EXCELLENT cocktails, and great food. Our waitress was very attentive. 
They also have a courtyard out back that is soooo New Orleans.
And the best is it is in the French Quarter but far enough away from Bourbon St.
Bar area was loud on our visit around 730pm on a Friday. Not "bad" crazy loud, just the sound of people having a great time, enjoying themselves....NO sloppiness. Very trendy, yet casual.
The bartenders are very experienced and there are drink specials during certain hours.
I consider this place GREAT VALUE, as the quality of the food and drink vs. the price is easy to swallow.
THE FOOD
---app----Trubridge Farm Crispy Duroc Ribs with Pepper Jelly Papaya Glaze....this is the item that brought us in. The ribs are cooked, then deep fried for a surface feel\taste that you don;t see in ribs much. It was not crunchy as the glaze softened it up a bit. The meat easily came off the bone......It was everything I had hoped for.
--entree---Pork Loin Milanese with a Fried Egg, Mojo Aioli, Baby Mustard Greens.....This was an amazing dish. If you don't know Milanese style, it is pounding down a meat very thin, then breading and frying it, then dressing up with a topping...
 The Aioli, the (frizzled) greens, and the fried egg all blended into an amazing bite of perfection with the pork loin.
Another thing I loved about C&T is that it has a very small menu (approx 7 apps, 6 entrees, 4 sides, 2 desserts daily) that they change around all the time.
Great place for a full  dinner, or just for some great drinks and maybe a small plate (app) or two.Food and drinks were excellent but will get into more detail about why I gave this place only 3 stars.  I did some research to find a great place for brunch about 2 weeks before my trip.  A group of 10 girls were traveling to New Orleans for a friends bachelorette party and wanted to have a nice Sunday brunch while there. After looking over the menu online and on yelp,  I called and made a reservation for 10 (2 weeks in advance) and requested that we sit outside in the courtyard.  I also asked if they did anything special for certain occasions since this was a bach party.  They told me no but said that we had the option of a bottomless brunch and promised to seat me outside in the back courtyard.  They also asked for a credit card to hold the reservation and told me that if I canceled 24 hours before i would be charged $25.  
The day of the brunch, we arrived and were seated immediately at a table inside near the bar.  I honestly did not say anything about it because it was an extremely hot day and figured it might be a little more comfortable.  Once we were seating we were handed a menu with three brunch options ONLY.  We were all very confused since I had emailed everyone the original menu that looked amazing. From there we asked the waitress what this was about and she told us that for large groups it is a limited menu.  If that were really the case, this should have been mentioned over the phone when I asked multiple questions about bringing in a large group for a bach party brunch.  As we were seated waiting for our drinks to arrive, we noticed that people sitting at the bar were getting soups and salads, so we asked if it could be possible to see another menu.  We were told no, that there was no other menu that day.  From there the waitress came back with drinks and told us that they ran out of COFFEE.  I am sorry but if you are open for brunch on a Sunday beginning at 12 pm and our reservation was at 12:30, how do you run out of coffee??
After that one of the girls told the waitress that the reason we picked Cane and Table was for the menu we had seen online and that we wanted to leave.  She said she would speak to the manager and VOILA!! a few minutes later we were given the menu that we had originally seen online.  I would also like to point out that a few minutes later a large group of guys (approx 15 ppl) walked in and were handed this menu as well, not the original 3 option menu.  I am honestly not sure what all that was about, but it was enough to really turn me off to this place.
On the bright side, the food was delicious.  I had the avocado and grilled shrimp which came over cold soba noodles in the perfect sauce.  Another friend got glazed pork belly which practically melted in your mouth.  The drinks were made to perfection and the bottomless brunch was definitely worth the $32.  Food and drinks were on point, i just wish we didnt have to deal with all of the bull before actually getting our meal.
Lastly, at the end the waitress came over with shots for the whole table (not too sure what it was, but it was delicious) and took one with us and apologized for everything that had gone on.  That was a very nice gesture and very much appreciated. Perhaps it would have been a better experience if we had gone in with a smaller group, but it ended up being a nice meal.LOVED this place! Great cocktails, GREAT FOOD. Went with a large group and everyone left full and happy! The Scallop Salad was quite possibly the best scallops I have ever had. The ribs and sides were DELISH! The rabbit was cooked perfectly. Also the people who got dessert were in love too. DO IT!Yummers!!!
We got three small plates to split between two people and neither of us left hungry. So unutterably delicious! Can't wait to go back for a cocktailWell I know that it is hot and humid and Nola is full of bugs during this weather but a roach crawled across my table as I was ordering. I informed the server of this as the roach scurried off but she just shrugged it off. Nice. In addition, the food is very highly priced for what you get. Those ribs that everyone raves about, yes they are ok, but mine were so full of fat and I paid $17 for only four small ribs that were mostly fat. The only thing that was worthwhile was the hummus in my opinion. The tiki drinks are very overpriced for what you get. I'd suggest heading a few minutes away to Tiki Tolteca for better tiki drink options.We went on the late side, only for the drinks.
Like our previous night at Bellocq, we were stunned by how empty it was. The bar is of good size, and there's a huge outdoor patio behind it as well (which we took advantage of, as the weather was quite nice). "Cane" in the name referencing sugar cane, they have a distinct focus on rum and tiki drinks, and do an excellent job making them. We enjoyed everything we had. The only downside to the bar itself was that it's rather musty inside, so we were glad of the patio.After a bit of wondering (looking for a decent drink), we stopped in on a Sunday afternoon.
Place has nice vibes. Bartenders are legit. Drinks are very good.
Had the White Lion and a classic daiquiri made with Plantation Pineapple Rum.I love this place. The drinks, service and ambience is EXACTLY what you want from a FQ establishment. Tori and bartender today are super cute and talented duo.I love this place. Hands down one of the best cocktail bars and restaurants in the city. I have been here with large and small groups of friends as well as my boyfriend and never had a bad time. The bar has a great atmosphere and there's a large courtyard out back. Food and drinks are delicious.Waitress seems annoyed to be here. Short rib is super dry and fatty, but nice presentation. Brussel sprouts not good at all. Kale salad leaves are HUGE. Great decor, good atmosphere, rest of the staff is super nice and helpful. Very cool place, just didn't like the food.I would highly recommend Cane and Table.  The food was outstanding and the drinks and atmosphere were awesome as well.  This is a great place to have some drinks or have a great dinner.The restaurant is hard to find with no apparent signage in sight. I suppose this can create an air of exclusivity but can also make it difficult to locate, even with google maps pulled up and looking right at the building we missed it twice.  Atmosphere is cool and their music selection that night was spot on with the sountrack from Shaft and some Portishead on tap.  Drink selections were fantastic and carefully crafted.  A very well done list.  For our meals, I honesty can't remember what my wife ordered but I had the rum ribs on the advise of our server.  These are essentially deep fried ribs that have been soaked in rum.  Sounds great in theory but I thought they ended up tasting like ribs caked in a tempura batter that you would find in a cheap sushi restaurant.  I just didn't find them appetizing and couldn't get the batter taste out of my mouth all night.  I know the other reviews raved about these but I'm just not there.  For dessert we had their version of beignets, which were accompanied by a chutney sauce of some sort.  Again, this missed the mark for me.   A nice chocolate or caramel sauce on the side would have been a better choice for a dessert dish as these really had very little flavor or sweetness to them.  
All told a cool place with a good vibe away from Bourbon St., but the food ultimately missed the mark.I would easily rate this a five star cocktail bar.  The under 35 vibe combined with classic cocktails makes this a must-see on Decatur Street.  The seasoned bartenders obviously know what they are doing.  The dinner experience, on the other hand,  was highlighted by the excellent service.  Unfortunately the food was extremely disappointing.  The red snapper ceviche was excellent, but the pork cracklins were disappointing.  The crab Rangoon was gone by 8:30.  While the jerk chicken was passable, but the small plate skirt steak was braised beyond recognition.  I was hoping the experience could be salvaged by the layered rum infused  cake with whipped cream between layers.  I was surprised to confront a whole-grain cake, devoid of sugar or other sweetener with no cream in sight.  I was a prisoner in a natural food cafe.I brushed it aside and had a shot of Irish whiskey.I really liked this place! I will admit, the pictures of the interior on yelp are a little misleading. However, the cocktails and food are so so good!Cane and Table serves up some amazing drinks and have quite an extensive menu of signature cocktails to choose from. I had a boss colada and some other gin-based drink I can't remember the name of; they were refreshing and delicious. But what I'll best remember Cane and Table for are the crispy rum ribs that we ordered to snack on with our drinks. 5 stars for this place just for this dish! The ribs are melt in your tender and juicy and are coated with a light batter then deep fried. It's covered in a sticky, gooey sauce that smacks you in the face with flavor. It's got a great sweetness with some subtle heat. The dish is a little pricey for $17 but this was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.Amazing bar-restaurant so different than any French Quarter place
Amazing cocktails (had four of them!!) and good
We've had the scallops which were incredible and perfectly cooked and then the fish of the day, a huge whole snapper with two sides also perfect!Recommended to me by a friend of mine who frequents the city. After an awful breakfast at Cafe Soule, our group was looking forward to a good dinner.  They offer small and big plates. Between the four of us we split 2 big plates, 2 small plates, and 1 appetizer. It was the prefect amount of food for us. The waiter forgot to put in the order of our appetizer (which came out partially burned). But besides that hiccup our food was delicious! My boyfriend and I got the poke and pork belly which were drool worthy. Didn't try the cocktails so can't comment on those but the lemonade that the waiter was kind enough to order for us was delicious and not too sweet. 
The back area is beautiful. You feel like you're in another world back there. 
All in all, I'd say this place is a must for anyone visiting the city.I almost hesitate to give sterling reviews, especially in N'orleans, because all the drunk tourists in flip flops and wife beaters will discover the place and ruin it. However Cane and Table's drink prices are just high enough to discourage most riff raff. By far, this is my favorite bar in all the world. Their drinks are personally prepared right in front of you, and the friendly bartenders go the extra mile to dress them up. I always find a new drink to try and copy at home. Everything is good, but the Scotch Coconut is my new favorite. Nice courtyard and a good happy hour after 4 pm. Try the homemade pork skins (now you think I'm the riff raff). Just try this place but please please please, oh pretty please don't tell anyone else about it, ok?Disappointed. Beer was hot and food was just okay. Waiter seemed he'd rather be somewhere else. 
What a shame because it's a nice place.We popped in on a whim after visiting the French market, I had this place bookmarked but we had never ventured this far down Decatur previously. I'm really glad we came in! Fabulous cocktails and fast too. The interior of the building is minimalist but gorgeous. They also seemed to have a patio out back. 
The bartender could've been more personable and friendly but she was at least prompt in taking our order and preparation.  I had the Vauxhall Rack Punch which was different than what I'd normally order but sounded interesting and was very tasty and refreshing! My fiancé had the Brazilian Hardwood and he really enjoyed it as well. 
We will absolutely visit again and try more menu items next time we're in town!Had our company party here, and they made our night memorable. Excellent service, friendly and knowledgable staff, and the food quality is unsurpassed.  I highly recommend the crispy ribs, tostones, and avocado salad. The avocado salad is the best one I've ever had --- and I get them wherever I find it on the menu. Can't wait to go back again! 
-2nd time visitorCame here based on a recommendation from our walking tour guide and was not disappointed.
Pretty large cocktail list. Can't remember the name of the first one I had, but my second one was "Anything for Selena" because how could you not order something with that name?! Ingredients sounded a bit odd (corn milk anyone?) but it all worked to create a solid cocktail that wasn't sweet.
Shared a couple of different plates including: curried cauliflower and spinach dip, kale salad, three sisters salad, white sweet potato and peanut curry, coconut-milk marinated cucumbers. Okay, so I guess we ordered more than a couple of things.
Everything was really good, but the standout was definitely the curry. I think we each could have devoured our own order.
We ended the night with the warm dark sweet cherries for dessert, which I highly recommend. Despite its name, it wasn't too sweet.
Great place for cocktails and dinner. And anywhere that pays tribute to Selena is a place I can get behind.Wow!  This place came as a recommendation from friends and we owe them a thank you drink. Speaking of drinks, the cocktails were outstanding. The Martha Washington rum punch was the winner, but there were a couple of close seconds. The food was exceptional. We had the sweet potato and peanut curry. Amazing. The ribs with the tostones and crispy Brussel sprouts . Out of this world. The chocolate torte absolutely stood up to this fantastic meal. All of this was delivered with friendly and helpful service from everyone. Suzanne was a total stand out. All around wonderful experience.Their Coolinary menu got my attention with watermelon salad, pork entree and pan perdu dessert. There was even a glass of wine included! I had business in the French quarter and a small amount of time in which to dine. A lunch during August was a perfect fit for me as it was really slow for them and I was able to work it with my schedule. I truly enjoyed my experience there. I've been to the same establishment 1 million years ago when it was G and E courtyard grill and last when it was Pravda. I believe this incarnation has staying power. I had heard nothing but good things and had high expectations which usually work against the venue, but I loved it. I can't wait to go back for happy hour because they have some amazing specials. There are over 1000 restaurants in New Orleans and I can tell you I will be back to this one for certain.Review update: had another excellent meal here today. It was my first time experiencing their brunch menu. Very tasty indeed. Will be back! 
I recommend: yucca hash + stuffed poblano.The deep fried ribs are one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great drinks and food all around.The cocktails and bar were amazing! We had 3 apps that were good but not great. Worth going for drinks!I honestly didn't know how many stars to put because they would not serve us a normal dinner. Cocktails are good but be aware that 6-8 people must all participate in a fixed menu. It seemed to be contrived all of a sudden. If you go, the voyage on the maru was nice and sweet.The atmosphere was out of this world . The service was exceptional. The food was absolutely phenomenal:
The crispy rum ribs. 
Hoppin John. 
Duck sweet potato hash. 
Crispy brussels sprouts. 
Spiced cauliflower. 
The authentic Sazerac. 
Could go on and on but you'd be wasting time reading this instead of getting yourself to Cane and Table.I was very disappointed by this place. We walked in and the service was pretty slow. We ordered fired artichokes, "puffed" pork and the avocado salad. The artichoke was HEAVILY breaded and very salty. The "puffed" pork was just fried pork rinds and it was huge bowl that would be enough to feed the entire restaurant. I can't believe I spent $8 for that. Plus the avocado salad was straight up avocado chopped up, cherry tomatoes and 4 pieces of crab. No flavor no creativity.
The building itself is cool and I think on a day where it wasn't scorching outside, having the bathrooms outside of the building wouldn't be a big deal but it just made it feel (and smell) like an outhouse. Overall there are just better places in this town to eat. Don't waste your time.This was the first my fiancé and I dined at upon arriving to New Orleans. The service was adequate. We were greeting and given recommendations about their drinks, and they were really good. However, we had to get the server's attention (we were the only ones sitting at a table at the time, and the bar had maybe 5 people there) to order food. I don't know if just thought we were only ordering drinks, but oh well. We ordered the rum ribs, and they were amazing. Some of the best ribs we've ever had. 
I recommend coming here for the ribs alone, but their drinks are also really tasty.The steak frites and avocado salad were delicious, the cocktails doubly so. A local recommended I go directly here and I'm happy I did. The bartender, Lily, was lovely and a skilled mixologist. Top marks all around.We made reservations, but it was a rainy Monday night, and there were plenty of available tables. Since we went specifically for their happy hour, we decided to just hang out at the bar.
The two bartenders were friendly and efficient, and in no time at all I was set up with a $6 happy hour drink of a lime daiquiri (old-style, not frozen).  Perfect.
We then decided to order some snacks, and I promise you - it is worth a visit just for the incredible fresh pork skins sprinkled with cane syrup and curry spices. I don't even LIKE pork skins, and these were amazing.
After such a successful start we moved on to the recommended ribs coated in a pepper jelly.  These were like meat candy. I wanted to cry when my share of the ribs (2 ribs) was gone.
Next to a light bite of elotes - shucked corn with aoili, cotija, and cilantro.  It was fresh, crunchy, and flavorful.
Finally dessert, which was actually the only disappointment of the night.  Tres leches cake made with pound cake sprinkled with caramel.  I know, I know, I can't compare it to the amazing tres leches cakes found in Tampa, but still, they rocked everything else, so I had high hopes.  Too dry, not enough flavor; I would pass on dessert next time.
And there definitely will be a next time - this place was a low-key kind of wonderful.A must when you're in New Orleans. Great drinks, and even better food. Also, the service is outstanding. The brussel sprouts are a must. Do yourself a favor and give this place a try. You won't be disappointed.Fantastic spot away from the chaos of Bourbon Street. I asked the bartender at Sylvain where he eats when not working... he said 'Cane and Table'.
Enjoyed two cocktails, expertly prepared by a really fun and engaging bartender. She asked what flavors I liked and then chose my drink for me. 
But the highlight was the food. As a veggie, I ordered the three-pea hummus to start. The homemade chips were crisp and salty and the hummus was smoky -- a delicious combo. Next enjoyed the veggie plate -- clear highlights were the yams and the stewed tomatoes (sweet and tangy; I've never had anything like them before). Overall, very unique flavors and thoughtful combinations of sweet, salty, soft, crisp, etc. 
As a vegetarian visiting New Orleans there were few restaurants that peaked my interest; very few had more than one option. Cane and Table had plenty, and everything was delicious.The ambiance is stunning and the small size of the restaurant manages to stay cozy rather than claustrophobic. I had the market special, which was grilled octopus and it was very delicious. Our server, who I don't remember the name of but was from Texas was not only stunning but gave impeccable service as well. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who likes a nice dinner over candlelight and a great conversation.Happily stumbled on this place. The atmosphere was awesome. The service was great. The food was absolutely phenomenal:
The crispy rum ribs. 
Hoppin John. 
Duck sweet potato hash. 
Crispy brussels sprouts. 
Spiced cauliflower. 
The authentic Sazerac. 
Could go on and on but you'd be wasting time reading this instead of getting yourself to Cane and Table. 
My only criticism is of my shortsightedness to not have dessert.My husband and I honeymooned in New Orleans last week. Of all the places we ate, which was many, Cane and Table was by far our favorite. The breaded rib appetizer was a meal in itself and the most heavenly thing we've ever eaten! The meat fell off the bone, had a spicy kick and the rum infused papaya chutney killed it!  The 3-bean hummus with yucca chips was also delicious and hardy and the avocado and jerk crab finger salad was light and refreshing. We could not eat it all but certainly tried! We loved the decor as well, very simplistic and rustic yet dark and romantic. Cane and Table does not have a sign out front, only a menu posted in the window but it is right next to Coops which you can't miss. Fantastic cocktail selection and friendly wait staff too. We could have eaten here every night!Note:  This review is only based on the service, ambiance and cocktails. We had already eaten and weren't hungry. 
Okay, so this is one of my fav cocktail places ever!!  It's primarily a "rum bar," but it's far beyond just a rum bar. The cocktails are extremely inventive and delicious. I'm usually a whiskey, bourbon and scotch guy, but they have creative drinks that not just suit my usual tastes, they blew my freaking mind!!!  My personal favs were the Brazilian Hardwood and the Improved Bombo. If your and Old Fashioned kinda drinker, you have to try these. And the service is incredible!!!  Kassandra is fantastic at her craft, and she's a total delight to chat with!!  Lastly, they did a great job with the interior - a perfect blend of New Orleans and Cuba. Love it here!!Let me start by saying my interest in Cane was their James Beard nomination for their bar program. So we stopped by for a drink and ended up ordering apps and dinner and drinks. My favorite drink involved their house made spiced rum. Fanfrigingtastic. Can still taste it. Apps were amazing best one was the short ribs. My favorite entree was our cauliflower "fried rice"!! OMG amazing. A must. Atmosphere was amazing. Dark but in a beautiful way and very comfortable. Bar service outstanding. Service at table well she really shouldn't have been selected for the job. Didn't care for the waitstaff and the person who may have been the manager was nothing to write home about so very disappointing. If you're there and the weather permits check out the outdoor seating area. Amazing. Check out the bathrooms. Cool. Check out this place. Ignore the waitstaff and have a drink but pace yourself when drinking their rum or one of the daily punch options. We will go again when in NOLA. You should as well. Go armed w friends and family. They will love you for it.While we were mostly looking to nosh on Creole and Cajun cuisine here in New Orleans all the good reviews and blogs online kept talking about Cane & Table, so we decided to give it a try. 
We arrives around 5:30 on Sunday evening and we're pleased to still be in time for Happy Hour. Their daily punch was exquisite and I imbibed three. My lover had their Whiskey and a Beer special and was quite pleased as well.
To start we had the Tostones, being of Caribbean decent, Tostones are a staple at family dinners and I must say these are some of the best I have ever had, even better than my mothers' (sorry mom). 
For our meal we shared the Jerked Chicken, the skin was crispy, caramelized and slightly burnt! It was heavenly! 
All in all I highly recommend this beautiful, Caribbean inspired eatery.I was expecting great things after reading all of the reviews on here and Eater, but i was disappointed. The drink list was not very appealing, heavy on fruity drinks in January, which I thought was odd. We didn't like either of our drinks. The bartender was really nice, so 2 stars for that and the decor.Take a walk on the wild side. Try the puff pork skins, the fried pickles, and beef skirt steak.What a great place! We went at the height of the dinner hour and people were waiting in line at Coop's, which is right next door. The line stretched past the entrance to C&T, so when we tried to get in, people thought we were trying to jump the line for Coop's. Once they realized that there was immediate seating at C&T, a few people followed us in the door. I hope they enjoyed it as much as we did.
We ate on the patio in the back. It was surprisingly big, with lots of charm and a big wood fire place at the back. Our waiter, Johnny, was a lot of fun, and he was very knowledgable about the menu. I hate when you ask the wait staff for an opinion and they respond with, "Oh, I like everything on our menu." What a cop out! Not so for Johnny--"You gotta have the goat dirty rice. It's new, and it's my favorite thing!" So we got the dirty rice, and it was my favorite thing, too.
We also had goat curry, lengua salad (yeah, I don't ever need to do that again--it tasted good, but I couldn't get beyond that fact that it was lengua. *shudder*) and a few other small plates shared by the whole table. 
I almost gave this a bad rating because I don't want it to become the new best thing in the French Quarter and then never be able to get in again. I want it to fly under the radar forever and keep it my little secret. But that's just selfish.