Nice, out of the way place. Music a tad loud, as others have indicated, but that's likely just me making the subtle transition to curmudgeon. Truffled mac & cheese, very good. Duck club, monster sized, and very tasty - skipped breakfast the next day!We were looking for something open past 11:00 pm near our hotel, and to our delight we found this hidden restaurant. We had great service and tasty food. The mac n cheese and spicy turkey chili were fantastic.They...nailed...it!! Everything is awesome!
Mac and cheese is bomb. Get the steak, it's pretty awesome! I might be drunk, it's New Orleans. They said my review was too short! Words words words!Was in NOLA for just a week and hit this place up twice.  YUM!  The first visit was just off the plane, and they kindly accommodated us at 10:30 on a weekday night and didn't rush us at all, even though they close at 11.  I had a turkey meatloaf burger topped with an egg (it stood about 7" tall!) and a killer strawberry beer.  Atmosphere is fun - dark decor with dramatic red highlights, a mix of booths and heavy wood tables, good (and loud) music, records on the wall and vintage posters, and a bar separated from the dining area by a low wall and slight elevation.  Highly recommend!If you need to get away from the quarter for a couple of hours, come here. Cool little gastropub type place. Really good food and awesome drinks.The first time I had food from here was at a business meeting. The duck confit club was a comfort food sandwich with the right amount of fat and crispness. Since then, I've tried their poutine and chorizo manchego fries, which were both quite good. Their alligator sausage corn dogs are a great mix of American fast food with local flavor. The truffle mac and cheese is my favorite thing on the menu.
The bar attracts a tech crowd (because of its location), and the staff was cheerful and so far the food has been quick.This is a true gem - a must visit to escape the frills of touristy Nola eateries.  Either burger is worth the effort, highly recommend bringing a friend and going halves-ies.
The truffle Mac n' cheese.  Wow.  Just amazing.  I had a local recommend that I add grilled chicken to the mix and it made an amazing dish even better.
Fantastic beer selection, known to hide some small batch barrels under their handles.  Great spot.  Go now.Truffle Mac and cheese was awesome.
Blue cheese burger was as good.It was my first time in New Orleans and was looking for something good, not too pricey, and away from the craziness of the French Quarter. It was about 10:00PM when we found this restaurant on Yelp so we decided to check it out; it met our needs perfectly. This restaurant was just what we were looking for. It was near our hotel in the warehouse district, price was reasonable, and the food was just phenomenal. We liked it so much, we went again the following night. 
We started off with the alligator sausage corn dogs, which they serve with a brown creole mustard for dipping. It was really good and tasty. The show stopper was the mac and cheese. I honestly can't say enough about the truffle Mac and cheese; it was amazing. I ordered the appetizer size with fried oysters and it was fantastic. The oysters had great flavor with a little bit of spice. The Mac and cheese cooked with truffle oil, brown butter, and pancetta was seriously delicious. The appetizer size was perfect. I still had leftovers. We ordered it again the following night. We also ordered the Steak Frites, which was also really good and juicy and cooked perfectly. The following night we skipped the appetizer, and went straight for entrees. I had the duck confit club this time, it was good, no complaints about it, but not as amazing as the Mac and cheese. I ordered it with Truffle Parmesan fries, which were absolutely delicious as well. This time we decided to save room for dessert. We had a fried strawberry bread pudding with a light creamy whipped cream. I'm not big on sweets, but this was great! It wasn't too sweet and wasn't overrun or overpowered by the strawberries. It was just right! I'm so glad we ordered it.
I highly recommend this restaurant! It was a great experience overall. The staff was friendly, the servers were quick and attentive both nights. The restaurant itself has a modern rock decor, the music was good, but not too loud where you cant have a conversation, there's great selection of music to choose from in the jukebox. Overall I really enjoyed both nights at this restaurant and will be returning on my next trip to New Orleans.Hubby and I were tired after a full day at the Fairgrounds. After all the delicious food at Jazz Fest we wanted something easy and delicious and low key. Capdeville fit the bill. It's a small place with fantastic, helpful bartenders and good food.  We'd definitely come back.The wife and I were looking for somewhere to get something to eat while visiting NOLA. This place was close to our hotel, just about a 5 minute walk. We approached the building at about 6 pm on a Friday night and the place looked closed. We went inside and there were a few people inside. We were seated and ordered drinks and a boudin plate appetizer. The boudin was good, came with a tasty mustard and some sort of jelly. I ordered a burger that was cooked to a perfect medium rare, topped with onion straws and some sort of sauce. It sort of lacked in flavor. Wife ordered a duck club sandwich which was also so so in the flavor department. We split an order of truffle parmesan fries that were fantastic. Service was a bit slow especially since it was only half full on a Friday night. Average food and service, bill around $70 for 2 with 2 rounds of drinks.Southwest burger was to die for! Pair it with the chorizo fries and they'll make you wanna slap yo momma.Ok...so this place got me back to yelping.  The waiters kept apologizing for the wait time but that isn't what I was disappointed in.  My food was such a disappointment.  I only ordered 2 appetizers.  The duck wontons (flavorless...the carrots had the most flavor on the plate) and the crab dip (crab is my favorite and it's the only seafood/meat that I can eat raw).  I have never had crab taste so bland before.  The person I was with ordered a burger and did not finish it.  I had higher hopes for this place but it was not good.  I won't be going back.Happy hour was amazing . Bartender was really nice and catered to our requests promptly . Food was amazing - flavourful , not oily and can be downed easily. 
Overall Great place to have a nice drink and grub. 
The place is not overly packed and anyone who doesn't want to get gobbled up in the crowd of the bourbon street can come down here and enjoy their time in peace and relaxationI decided to update my review for Capdeville, only to find that I never wrote a review for Capdeville. Interesting. 
Back in late 2010 (say, November/December), I came here for a Yelp Elite event. It was cool, and you can read my separate review of that event if interested.
I then returned on my own, at a later date, and had a fantastic meal, drinks, and service. Based upon that experience, I would have definitely given Capdeville 4-5 stars. Probably 5 stars because they have a version of Poutine, and I'm Canadian, so you know how that goes.
Anyhow, fast forward to about a month ago. I've been to Capdeville a few times recently. Each time, the service seems to be less and less enthusiastic, and much slower than it used to be. The food quality is still good, but not outstanding like it was before. The awesome Capdeville take on Poutine became much less poutine-like, with just a few drops of the gravy and a couple of pieces of non-melted cheese curd. Disappointing, to say the least. I get that it's supposed to be a more upscale version of the "heart attack in a bowl" that us Canadians know and love, but it was much more "plate of french fries" than Poutine.
The burgers were cooked the way we requested, but nothing really stood out.
Maybe Capdeville will return to its former glory. Maybe not. For now, I'm giving it 3 stars. I might return to give it another try, if I'm in the CBD. However, it's no longer a place that I would make a separate trip from the Westbank to eat at.This place is amazing. We brought in a group of 20 people with a reservation and they handled our group very efficiently. The food was amazing and the service was over the top. Highly recommend this place.Being from New Orleans, I am very picky about the food. Burger was just "ok" . If you want a burger, go to Luke. Fries were just "ok" too. Nice drink selection. Had a big screen playing the LSU vs. FL game. I don't think I'd eat here again.This is a great little casual spot in the CBD to grab a bite. Their Capdeville Burger is a hefty burger served on an onion bun with fried onions, swiss and garlic aioli. For a dollar, you can add a side of fries or side salad. I also reccomend their ooey gooey Truffle Mac and Cheese. Staff is friendly and will honestly answer when you ask, "Between these items, which do you prefer?"As I was describing how delightful this place was to my wife, I was interrupted by its delightfulness. 
Speakeasy, proper pimms
Fried rice and red beans
Roasted tomato salad
Fish tacos
Mayor burger
Truffled mac and cheese
Banana bread pudding
Atmosphere
Music
Service
Clientele
All of the above were delightful. 
We went fat kid on this place.You hop into a cab and tell the man to take you to Capdeville Street and Magazine. He looks at you sideways. He starts driving and keeps asking if you are sure that's where you want to go. You tell him "yep, the place is just off that corner". The third time he asks, you have to start wondering what's wrong with that street? Well, when you get there, you realize it is only a block long, and its hard to believe anything is on it at all.
Well this restaurant is there, and they have great food, an interesting cocktail list, decent beer list, and a low-key hip vibe. For an out-of-towner, I wouldn't have stumbled on this place had it not been for that CMYE that happened there last week, but I am glad me and some of my vacationing friends did, because it was a great time.
Both the mac'n'cheese and duck sandwich looked awesome. My burger was juicy, but the bun held up. The truffled parm fries are a righteous app.Great options for gluten-free dining (but it's not a g-free facility so celiacs should be extra careful).  I went here twice in one week and enjoyed the vibe, the service and NOLA-inspired comfort food.  Gluten-free highlights include: fish tacos, poutine, shrimp and grits... looooved them all.  The selection of food items and price point, service and overall experience makes it a great place for casual, comfy eats ... and on a regular basis!Excellent burgers and drinks, even late at night.  Great beer selection - not too long, but quality.
No fuss, they left us alone to do our own thing, checking on us occasionally. 
It's a bit hard to find, but we parked right outside, on the street.Excellent food. There's no doubt. One of the owners, Mr. Eustis, staved off a disaster during my 1st visit last week. I brought a group in and told them how everyone on Yelp! raved about the resto and that the food and place sound awesome (let me say everyone was right!). 
However, we couldn't GET our food and even simple drinks because we had probably the worst server I've had in recent memory. She was completely out of it. Not unfriendly at all, just completely out of it. I won't even get into specifics (which were a mix of humorous and frustrating). Nevertheless I informed Mr. Eustis we were w/ a child and we couldn't even get our order in for the last 30 minutes. He was beyond nice and helpful and came over multiple times to make sure we got what we needed and to apologize. 
Everyone ended out enjoying their food and I came back the next day b/c I liked what I had and I wanted to try something else. Also was delicious and had awesome service. You could tell that the rest of the staff worked well together and the situation I had was an unfortunate isolated one. 
I really like this restaurant and will tell all my friends to go b/c the owners truly care. That makes a huge difference. 
On top of that, the atmosphere is great. It's a really great addition to the NOLA food scene. Nothing touristy about it, very decent prices and high quality stuff. Definitely worth your time!We liked the casual diner atmosphere. Out server was a joy! Nothing we ate stood out as super special, but, we cleaned our plates, so....
If you decide to give Capdeville a shot, I'd recommend the pasta. It's good and exactly what you'd expect from the description. The appetizer/starter size was actually more than I anticipated and we gobbled it up. I had the Brie and bacon burger. It was prepared well/ thick patty. It was good! I guess I would have liked it dressed a bit more? I should have asked for extra condiments and tomato. Just wanted it to have one more layer of interest/zing. I would feel comfortable going here again, but, in NOLA, it's just a good choice/not a great one. If you happen to be in the area, and you're hungry, Capdeville is the street, it's the only biz on it's block, so you can probably pop in without reservations! Has a real local hang out vibe.Had the roasted roma tomato salad with fried goat cheese, sweet onions and a side of green goddess dressing. perfect.
since i ordered a salad, i decided that an order of truffled mac n cheese not a crime. here's description from the site: Shaved Black Truffles, Parmesan, Brown Butter, Sage Pancetta, Peas - how can you say no to that?!. 
i think i'll be back.Our first visit here was last night, to meet our ex-neighbor, Kaitlyn & her new Beau, Hebert.
Nice décor, interesting menu, good ratings.
Kait had the "steak frites", said very good.  Hebert had another item, liked it.  Wife & I split the signature burger w/ Swiss cheese, also very good.
Small problem:  No Coors Light.
Big problem:  Ear crushing hard rock blaring through speakers, ruined our visit.  It was so bad that we paid, then went to stand on the sidewalk outside to continue our visit.
Don't these places understand that guests want to hear peaceful music:  jazz, blues, zydeco, C&W, almost anything BUT loud, loud hard rock ?
I say:  Try Clancy's, le Citron, Houston's, Creole Cookery, or a burger joint.
Sorry to report a big disappointment here.
RickJust off the beaten path, this place has heart and good people.  Had the blueberry salad and added duck - delicious!  Enjoyed some craft beers and sat at the bar where the service was warm and genuine. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in town.After spending all my tickets at the Abita Beer tents at Wednesday at the Square, I was in serious need of some food. Rather than buy more tickets for the food tents (that I probably would have spent on beer), we decided to go to Capdeville, just a hop, skip and jump away. I heard about the amazing grilled cheese and tomato soup from here, but I was fueling up to jog just over a mile back to my house, so of course I went for the 50/50 Burger and the duck and strawberry wontons. The wontons were tiny little pockets of deliciousness. I wish they were just a wee bit bigger.
My friend ordered the grilled cheese and tomato fennel soup, so I did get to try it. The fennel in the soup was really interesting. Some people love fennel, I am not one of them, but I don't mind it. It was a really nice touch for the soup, and not overpowering. 
The waitress recommended the 50/50 Burger, so I went for it. Instead of savoring every bite, I housed it, maybe even swallowed it whole. I also got a side of truffled mac & cheese, and the same thing happened--I forgot to chew. Before I knew it, it was gone!
This wasn't the wisest choice of dinners before a run home immediately after; I didn't wait 30 minutes and I was running home with a brick in my belly.
Great place for a casual dinner out.Love this place and I'd give it 5 stars except for a very few bad experiences.  I'll start with the good:
The burgers are wonderful!  They have a great selection of super original and yummy burgers, all fresh, all tasty.  And they have the best mac and cheese I've ever had.  It's the truffle mac and cheese with pancetta and peas.  Wow, do your self a favor and order it.  The small "appetizer" size is enough for three people to eat off of.  The chorizo and manchego fries are pretty spectacular as well.  The also have great service, everyone is really nice (and attractive, too!).  Oh, and they have delicious cocktails (try the pimm's cup or jacks' black lemonade) 
The two things I don't recommend are the soup of day and the Fish Tacos.   For some reason the soup is always luke warm and just not up to par with everything else.  Soooo weird.  I ordered it twice, and for some reason thought the third would be the charm.  It wasn't. And I found the Fish Tacos to be inedible because the corn tortillas were raw and cold.  And the coulis had no flavor.  I sent the tortillas back to get them warmed (the server was soo understanding), but they came back exactly how I sent them, cold and inedible.  Long story short, don't get tacos or soup, but everything else is fabulous!
Also a great place to watch the Saints games!After visiting the WWII museum we were craving some good local food close by, we came across Capdeville about an hour before closing (they close after lunch). 
We were seated in the cute small restaurant that seemed to have a rock n roll theme that is named after the street it resides, which is named after Paul Capdevielle, who was elected Mayor of New Orleans at the turn of the 20th century. Despite his success in the industrialization of the city, today he is recognized only by the one block street that is his namesake. 
They had a pretty decent beer selection. I went for the blonde and it was quite good. Our waitress was pretty attentive for the most part, a friendly girl from Georgia. She said the fish tacos were pretty popular, but we opted for the fish & chips and I got the steak wedge salad. 
It wasn't hard to make a selection, they have a pretty small menu, pretty decent prices but it is upscale. You'll probably spend $12-$16 on an entrée here.
The fish and chips was breaded perfectly. My salad was also perfect, they cooked my steak perfectly medium rare as I ordered it. We left very satisfied. Check it out if you are in the area!Entering the British-style gastropub, the glowing jukebox in front of a backdrop of white and red wallpaper that resembles my grandpaw's Navy tattoo was the first thing to demand our attention. Because of an ongoing private party we seated ourselves at the grayish colored, granite-topped bar. When I saw the house infusions hiding behind the well stocked bar, I regretted my decision of prematurely ordering a NOLA Blonde. Eventually, small talk with the bartender led to a sample of the exceptionally delicous house infused blackberry Jack Daniels and lemonade. While running through the menu, it was evident that these were no plain burgers. I reluctantly passed up the duck confit club, and a burger with garlic aioli and an au poivre sauce for the Manchego la Mancha. This burger, topped with manchego and a fried egg and then slathered with a sweet and tangy green tomato jam, exceeded the pleasures of my first Mello Yello as a kid.
Even though I was suffering from an excruciating fullness, I didn't hesitate to try a bite of Erin's truffled mac and cheese. Filled with pancetta and topped with thin strips of shaved parmesan and fried sage, this rich and ridiculously good, non-traditional macaroni sent me over the truffled edge of sanity.Super nice staff. This was by far the best meal we had in New Orleans. Possibly because after eat so much deep fried foods you just sort of get sick of it after a while. I would definitely recommend the shrimp and grits. I wasn't expecting much but it blew me away. The best shrimp I ever had and I was never one to enjoy grits but this was fantastic. The glaze on the crab cake was amazing and the catfish sandwich was so light and flaky and didn't leave a heavy feeling in your stomach. Get a reservation, it's worth it.The short and sweet: good food and drinks but very noisy and limited table service.
Now for the details: I visited Capdeville for the first time as part of a CMYE. We had some tables reserved near the bar, which was good since we had to order everything at the bar. I started with a pint of Guinness, because that's how you should start any meal. Not wanting a heavy meal I decided to have a cucumber salad. It was very bountiful and delicious with a nice kick to it. It was so good I had to order another one but the second order was much smaller, maybe half the size. As a side I ordered the poutine. This was my first time ever having poutine and I was informed it lacked the proper amount of cheese curds. Still, it was also quite tasty. 
I finished the meal off with a Guinness float. That's right, Guinness float. At first I was very hesitant. The menu described it as "car bomb" ice cream in a glass of Guinness. I can only assume it was Bailey's and Jameson ice cream, which is what it tasted like. So, ice cream floating in a glass of beer? As I said, I was a hesitant, but I'm glad I ordered it. IT IS DELICIOUS. That's right, all caps. I'm shouting it from the rooftops. If you order nothing else, get this for desert.The 50/50 burger is among my favorites in the city and the happy hour specials are fantastic. Great spot post Saints game.This is the perfect neighborhood restaurant for the Warehouse district.
Fantastic $4 happy hour includes; beer, wine, cocktails and food.  You can get in and out for $20.00.
Servers are excellent, seems like the have a good rapport with their regulars but are still attentive to new customers.  Makes it feel homey and relaxing.
My favorites on the menu included; Deviled Eggs, Smoked Cuban Sandwich and the Duck Club.  I wish I had a bigger stomach to eat more!Went here the other night with my work family. Really impressed with the place, EXCEPT that there was an LSU game on the tv and everyone was screaming at the top of their lungs. It was so loud I could hardly hear the conversations at my table. I hate football! Anyway, the place impressed me enough that I'll go back, next time NOT on a game night. I got the Steak Frites, very tasty and cooked exactly the way I like. The fries were thin and crispy. Our table ordered one of every appetizer on the menu (something I've always wanted to do at a restaurant, thanks boss!) and each app was really good, with the exception of the lettuce wraps--sounds fancy on the menu but comes to your table completely unassembled--which were okay but nothing to write home about. My main drink was A Proper Pimm's and it was, indeed. Very tasty, very refreshing. Service was great, not too pushy, showing up at just the right pace. By the look of the place you'd think it would be expensive but the prices here are quite reasonable for the quality of the food. I'll definitely go back, next time to try that truffle mac and cheese that everyone raves about. Good job, Capdeville!Let me start by saying, amazing truffled Mac n Cheese!!!!! It's a MUST order and it Deserves 100 stars. Quiet and small little place tucked away in an "alley", hard to spot if you don't know it's there! But what a surprise! Food was delicious and atmosphere was great. The wall decor is super cute. Our waiter Maria was soooo nice, and attentive. We went on NYE for a last minute dinner, and everything was great, including our Moscow mules. Ordered a shrimp po-boy for dinner which was super yummy, and a side of Poutine which was also extremely amazing (must order)!!!! MSO ordered fish and chips. Will definitely be coming back next time around in NOLA.My favorite lunch spot in the CBD. That's no knock on dinner though.
I really enjoy the food and cocktails at Capdeville on an equal level. I've had almost all the food on the menu and the standouts are the chicken and dumplings, the burger, the fried red beans and rice balls, the BLFT (maybe my favorite) and the shrimp empanadas. The only thing I would recommend is the Ham and Cheese fritters (ham and cheese are already salty and to throw an olive tapinade on top is just too much).
The drinks are always fresh. My favorite is the blackberry mojito (not sure if it's on the menu), but several people in my party during my last visit got the Persephone's Fall and thoroughly enjoyed it.
The staff is always very attentive and friendly. It's also a great, lowkey place to watch Saints games.
And the best days are when the Soup of the Day is Whiskey.
It usually stays pretty busy so I would recommend reservations if you can get them.Capedeville is a sweet little gastro pub that got its' start a few years ago before the gastro-everything craze really hit New Orleans. 
I finally made it tonight after wanting to try for years! It feels unpretentious with just some posters on the wall, a jukebox, a bar and an open floor. I loved the relaxed vibe and our server was so sweet and efficient. 
The menu looked fantastic:  highlighting local and seasonal produce (and without annoyingly blasting its commitment to doing so, everywhere.) Blueberries, asparagus, fennel, tomato, arugula, summer squash and zucchini, basil pistou. I was so excited to sample what seemed like smart twists on comfort classics with fresh ingredients! 
We ordered the happy hour blueberry duck wontons with pickled vegetables, the Parmesan frites, the espresso rubbed steak with tandoori cauliflower, and the tomato fennel soup with basil pistou. The delivery was so sad: watery soup with no fennel (or tomato) flavor and a thick layer of basil oil posing as a pistou (also strangely flavorless), the wontons had NO hint of duck and had stale, soggy shells, the steak did not have the smoky, almost chocolatey flavor I have enjoyed when trying other espresso rubs, and even though cooked to temperature (perhaps a little rarer than the medium-rare we asked for) did not have a beef flavor at all. The cauliflower, while clearly roasted with spices, was dry and the spices were indistinguishable. The frites came to the table cold and the Parmesan was chalky rather than the slightly nutty, melty goodness I would expect. The portions were well-sized, however, and the aioli was good. 
The desserts look excellent from other folks' reviews and I would come back to try them. I wish this hadn't been such a confusing experience! Perhaps I caught them on an off night.Dropped in for a late lunch and happened upon happy hour and a delicious meal.  We started with bruschetta, alligator sausage corn dogs and ceviche each better than the next.
The kids each ordered the truffle Mac and cheese with was incredible and enjoyed by the adults too.  They split a huge cheeseburger generous on the cheese.  
I had the gumbo which was filled with chunks of fresh fish and veggies.
The service was incredible, super friendly and quick.  It was an all around great experience.I so love this place. went in last week after walkin' 3 miles (seriously...we are that indecisive). the poutine fries are amazing! hubby and I each had burgers, which are always great. mine came out a little overcooked (i think medium rare is the only way to eat red meat) and had ketchup on it, which I asked for on the side as I don't tend to like it on my food. normally these things would be enough to ruin a dining experience for me, but our server (kevin) turned it all around. he recognized us as service industry folks, hooked us up with a discount, and brought us 2 shots of bourbon! 
get the truffle mac. opt for the large one. just can't get enough!Sort of randomly chose a spot that was in close proximity to the WWII museum from a list of restaurants with no other influence what so ever. The food was so-so, there seemed to be mixed reviews from around the table. However the host was very accommodating. There was bad weather outside and we had a party of five, my 91 year old WWII veteran grandfather included. He had us seated promptly despite what seemed like a full house and a wait.Service was great! Food was delish (try the red beans and rice appetizer!!) and atmosphere was fun. Will be back!It's been awhile since I been to my own favorite location so I was very excited to visit. I got my usual Truffle Mac & Cheese that was delightful as always. Definitely no complaints. Staff was okay, not the normal greatness but may have been an off day.
Things to keep in mind: Parking is on the street so depending on what's going on it could be a hassle. The location is a little hidden so once you make it to the IP Building it will be on the right hand side of the building.Food here sucks! Way overpriced. Cocktails were very ok. Soup was lukewarm. Service was horrible.I came into this pub expecting the best based upon the other Yelp reviews. Sadly, I can say that there was nothing special about any part of this visit. 
Sure, nothing was bad and yeah, the food was ok but that's it. Nothing good, nothing great, nothing to make me want to tell anyone to ever come here again. We got the chorizo and manchego fries and an order of fish tacos and the duck club.
The fries were the best part of the meal. The chorizo was smoky and sweet and the cheese fit in well with the seasoning they put on the fries. Unfortunately, everything went downhill from there. The duck club tasted like eating a sandwich made from Thanksgiving leftovers. Good, but I could have made better at home. The fish tacos tasted like fish, red cabbage, and flour tortillas. No seasoning and no real mention of that red pepper puree.
The amount of time that it took to receive each section of our meal, let alone our bill made all of the glaring mistakes that this place made shine ever so brighter. 
I can say that if you have to eat here, go ahead. You will have a meal that won't give you food poisoning, but that you won't have any desire to mention or remember ever again. But if you can, go elsewhere. Your tastebuds will appreciate it.I love this restaurant.  It's off the beaten path on capdeville.  The food is superb and the staff could not be nicer.  I've eaten here twice and I've been surprised with how good it is.  MahaloI've been here a few times over the years and always love it. The bar is fantastic! They've usually got some really fun, creative cocktails on special, so this is a great place to come in and be adventurous. The food is fantastic too! Maybe it's because we tend to hit it up late at night after a few drinks on the town, maybe it's because it's THAT good, but every time we leave wondering why we don't eat there WAY more often. 
Tip: Most the parking in that area is reserved for the US Marshals, be smart and don't get towed!We came to Capdeville with a friend who had recommended it and ended up having a great time. The service was shaky but the drinks were phenomenal and the food was ok. I can see where they were going with the menu I think we just should have gone with a burger. The drinks are a bit overpriced in my opinion but you are paying for the atmosphere. Very approachable bar. I keep going back for the Dienzen's (sp?) whisky smash! We'll give the food another shot soon. I think we just were unlucky with what we ordered. I'll update once we finally doService was perfect, and the food was great! I really liked the atmosphere as well.I tried their take on eggs Benedict for Brunch. It was almost inedible. The biscuit was dry, as in day old sitting outside dry. The pulled pork was stringy, tough, dry and flavorless. The slow poached egg had a hard yoke, so it was really like a hard boiled egg. The hollandaise was foamy, which comes from making it at to low of a temperature, had no lemon or salt. It tastes like frothed egg and there was only a drizzle of it. The whole entree was difficult to eat because everything was so dry. I almost sent the dish back. My wife got the 50/50 burger and it was dry and nothing special.  A waste of $50. 
The ambience is cool and trendy but there are plenty of better places to eat in New Orleans.This place is simply amazing. If I'm ever back in New Orleans, I'd definitely go here again. I highly recommend the poutine if you go here. 
We had no problem with a same day reservation for 6 on a Friday night.Always a decent lunch when you're in the CBD. Free WIFI, friendly servers, and good food.SO GOOD! 
We got there fairly early Saturday, kind of a late lunch/early dinner basically something small while we start drinking kind of thing.  It was prob around 5pm so there were no more than 10 guests total but by the time we left it had filled up significantly.
I had the blackberry infused Jack Daniels drink and might have fallen in love, so good!  My friend and I shared the tomato basil soup, truffle mac and cheese and the BLT.  Our server was a doll and had the BLT made with the pig on the side so it wouldnt touch my half of the sandwich. It was honestly phenomenal.  I had heard so much about the mac n cheese but I thought the sandwich and my cocktail kicked its ass!
The decor, music and location of the place really make it great as well and there are seats outside (to bring your pooch) but I only saw two tables, so it was too risky to lure him there with promises of table scraps, only to not find outdoor seating!
I would highly recommend returning for happy hour, the drinks were too good not to sample a few and the size of the portions are perfect for sharing a few things with friends!  Also I noticed they take reservations, so thats probably a good idea for a larger group.
I def look forward to returning!Fried beans and rice and home-made handpies...yum! Great burgers too - only in NOLA for a few days for a conference and went here twice cause it rockedThe second you walk in, you don't regret a thing. The atmosphere is so cool and friendly with great music playing. The food is not what you expect when you order, but an amazingly delicious surprise is sure to come to your table. Not from around New Orleans but if I ever come back, I will for sure be coming back to this restaurant.Meh.  Not sure why the high ratings as I was not impressed.  They need to figure out if they are a bar or if they are a restaurant that serves food as they don't do both very well currently...or at least from our experience tonight.  We arrive for an early dinner....5:45.  Seated promptly and friendly so all is well.  Or all was well.....   We look over the menu....look over the menu.....look over the menu....put the menu down as a clue we are ready to order, and then our waitress who is also going behind the bar to make her tables' drinks as well as the customers at the bar's drinks comes over 10 min. later to take our drink order.  She comes back with our drinks and says she will be back for our order once she helps the next table.  No problem...we have some time to burn before going to the Theater.  After sitting for 30 min., we FINALLY get our order placed and inform her that she can just bring the appetizer and entrees out at the same time that we have a show to catch.  One would think an hour and a half planned for a dinner is adequate enough.  For us tonight, just barely.  If we had the time and more familiar with nearby restaurants that wouldn't have a major wait, we would have walked out at the 15 min. mark after just getting our drinks.
The food....we had the meat pies, grilled cheese and tomato and fennel soup, and the Robert Paulson Burger.  Nothing horrible with the food at all and it had some positives but nothing I would come back for that we just had to have again.  The meat pies had cheese in them but no mention of cheese on the menu.  I grew up on Natchitoches meat pies and cheese was a taboo always....now if you call it an empanada I'd fully expect cheese.  But they tasted simply of meat and cheese without any noticeable spice at all.  The grilled cheese my wife said was good but was simply cheddar slapped between 2 pieces of sandwich sourdough bread and grilled lightly and the tomato fennel soup was over reduced and thick and tasted more like marinara than tomato soup but good flavor at least.  And the R.P. Burger I had was good...the Russian dressing was too much and made it messy and the fried egg was overcooked so that the yoke was solid...not what you want on a burger.  
I think other than the lack of service, the problem here is that they are trying to be two things...a bar and a restaurant.  They say they are "In short, though, it is a well done casual restaurant paying tribute to whiskey and rock and roll."   Didn't get that at all.  The servers are more bartenders who occasionally go around and take food orders and seem to be more interested in assisting the patrons at the bar than those on the floor.  It is also absolutely ridiculous that each server makes their own drinks for their tables.  I would strongly suggest having dedicated servers on the floor only taking orders and serving the floor guests and never stepping foot behind the bar and bartenders at the bar serving the patrons at the bar and making all the drink orders for the floor.  Otherwise, your server disappears for huge blocks of times stuck behind the bar making drinks for either their tables or those at the bar that catch their attention.  And other than a jukebox sitting in the corner not being used and some rock art and posters on the walls, I would not have described Capdeville as a restaurant paying tribute to rock and roll.  It's more of an after work hang out for friends and co-workers for a drink and snack before going home.
Had hopes when we saw all the positive reviews on Yelp for a New Orleans restaurant, as we are from the Baton Rouge area and not familiar with many of the local places, but sadly this one did not live up to the reviews for us tonight mainly due to the service.  If the service had been spectacular and the food a bit more flavorful and sensible, I most likely would have given another 2 stars on this review.  Sadly today though.....Meh on service and Eh on food.A perfect, off the beaten path type of restaurant and bar. They have whiskey flights, an ample beer list, and versatile menu. We had two types of their fries, which were fantastic. The shrimp and chorizo tacos taste like New Orleans and are light and fresh. They are totally perfect. The atmosphere is a trendy dive with secondary lighting. This would also be a great place just to drink. Cheers!Great 'young people' place (20-40) , good service, easy vibe, creative comfort food, off the busy path of tourists traps and loud music. I had a house burger and fries - it was very good.Location itself is dark, the streets outside aren't lit so be careful!
Food is decently priced, it's okay. I got the crab dip and fish and chips (I love seafood), it was mediocre. My waitress was very sweet and attentive. There was a dinner special that I didn't know about until the couple next to me were seated, I guess my waitress forgot to tell me? Ehh, not a big deal.
My advice, find another restaurant to eat at.Excuse my language but, this place is fucking awesome. I love the atmosphere, the people and drinks and the menu and specials are always on point. I've taken everyone from my lame chain-loving parents to my friends and partner here and have always had a wonderful experience. Would 100% recommend.Loud music and overall noisy.  Great hamburger (Capdeville burger). Great appetizer - fried red beans and rice. 
My wife had the grilled cheese and tomato fennel soup a good grilled cheese and excellent soup. 
The pecan chocolate pie for dessert was good if you leave off the burnt crust which made it bitter. 
Probably one of the best burgers I've ever had though. Nice crust and cooked perfectly. 
Told server about the pie. It was still on the bill though and, by the way, one of the smallest pieces of pie I've ever had in a restaurant. Overpriced for sure.This is a small, dimly lit place. It is quite loud though given the concrete floors and hard surfaces. Some of the tables are pretty close together. But the loudness may make conservations more private. The menu choices are limited but they seem to cover a lot of different ground with what they do offer. The options are pretty unique. The truffled Mac and cheese was awesome. Prices were very reasonable. Service was decent. I enjoyed it.A very enjoyable and unforgettable experience. It was only my second night in New Orleans, and I was looks for something familiar. We walked past this place at least once. Confused, we circled back around and finally noticed the neon light through a window. A decent, although not extensive, selection of spirits awaited inside.  This is an excellent shelter from the crowds of young "adults."Capdeville gets five stars for the bar atmosphere alone.  The barstaff are friendly, they have a nice selection of house cocktails and beers, and the jukebox rocks... what's not to like?
Then one weekend my family came into town and every restaurant in the city was booked from 6pm to 9pm.  Capdeville had just a few tables by the bar.  It was a little loud (gearing up for the evening bar crowd) but great ambiance--dim candlelight meets British rock. 
As for the menu, quite a few steps up from bar food.  Their truffled mac n cheese has become my standard to which all other cheesy noodles are compared.  Reasonably priced too.  Love this place!Yuuuummm! Finally came here after years of almost eating here. We got the alligator sausage corn dogs, fried red bean and rice balls, pouting fries, and truffle Mac and cheese. 
We started off with some cocktails, I had the Speakeasy and my boyfriend had something with a C that had champagne in it. My drink was ok, but I don't think bourbon and st germain and rose water should be in a relationship. His drink smelled like vomit. They were $9 each. 
The food took a while to come out but it wAs pretty good! The red beans and rice were slightly bland and a little dry, the sausage was good, and the poutine was really good but it tasted like someone had spilled the salt shaker onto it. The star of the meal was the Mac and cheese. Except for the peas, it was perfect. The salt content was on point, the sauce was nice and creamy and not oily at all. 
I can't say that we'd order any of the other food again, but the Mac and cheese alone is worth it.New Orlean's answer to the British gastropub.  Solid Mayor burger, though I didn't realize you had to pay extra for sides, including regular fries (though their fries menu was impressive in the variety of offerings).  Wait staff was friendly and ambiance is dark and laid back.  Pretty kickass wallpaper.  A restaurant with skulls, octopus, and kickass ladies for wallpaper is a win in my book.My friend and I stopped in Capdeville for happy hour yesterday. It was my first time there, but my friend had been multiple times and loves it! It's a funky and casual gastropub. It almost feels like I'm a in a different era.
Their happy hour is from 4:30-7pm Mon-Thurs and 11am-7pm on Fridays. Happy hour menu uploaded in images. I had the red wine sangria and my friend had the Moscow mule. My sangria was pretty good. It wasn't a super large portion and lots of ice, but delicious.
For food we shared the truffle Parmesan fries, boudin plate and the 50-50 burger. Fries were thinly sliced and crispy, with large pieces of Parmesan crusted on top. Good flavor and texture, but I think the Parmesan could've been spread better.  The boudin was a little dry, which probably resulted in some loss of flavor. The jalapeños, marmalade, and mustard that came on the plate helped, though. Burger was delicious, how can you go wrong with 50% bacon 50% beef and a fried egg? Cooked just the way we asked and I added some jalapeños from the boudin plate. It was great. 
Service was exceptional. Our waitress checked in frequently, was friendly and attentive. Food came out at a good pace and we were in and out in a hour! I'd definitely come back, especially during happy hour to try out some more of their cocktails!Was in NOLA for new years eve weekend and stopped her for a few drinks. Mac a cheese was a hit. it was fairly busy for a Friday night. Nice local bar.Capdeville isn't exactly a restaurant but it isn't exactly a bar. Bars don't serve food nearly this good.  Restaurants don't have quite the same bar scene as this place. 
We got to Capdeville early (around 6) and there were maybe 6 other people there and they were all at the bar. We grabbed a table and were quickly greeted by our waitress Sarah who was also one of the bartenders.  She was very friendly and accomodating (we had our 2 yr old & 4 yr old with us).
We decided to split a bunch of different things. So here's the breakdown:
The fried red beans & rice balls are not to be missed. Seriously.
This place brags about their burgers and I'd say the Capdeville burger backs it up.
Also getting a 5 star rating was the manchego mac'n'cheese & truffle infused parmesean french fries.
We also split the manchego & chorizo French fries that were pretty good as was the chilled cucumber soup.
In any event, if you go to Capdeville and have the same experience we did, you wil leave very, very happy.Horrible server .... recommends burger but runs out of buns, how do you have a menu of sandwiches without buns? Then after someone at the table got buns on their sandwich after I was asked if I wanted toast I questioned the server again and he could only blankly state at me. Not only was the service and the food mediocre but the manager had his head in the clouds as he was focused on instagram. Even when the server was questioned about the bun the manager and him could only stare blankly without any approach for recovery. The hole in the wall restaurant only had three covers. Honestly a waist in food and definitely a pimple to be in NOLA.So this place is just nice. Its super loud inside which we didn't mind but just FYI. We went twice during our stay. First time we had loaded grill cheeses. They again were just ok, no real flavour just butter! We got parmesan truffle fries and they were a terrible disappointment, greasy mess, all stuck together and again no taste. We went again because we were starving and this place was so close. Second time I got a salad and it was significantly better. Staff are cool and drinks are nice...but alcohol is always nice! Overall its a fine place to go...but in my opinion over priced for what is produced. Not a must visit.Food was good. We had the tomato soup with grilled cheese, perfect for a rainy evening as well as a great burger. Service was prompt and they have great beer list. I'll be back.Drinks were very good. Received good bang for buck
Fried red beans and rice that everyone raves about on here were bland, bland, bland!  No kick at all
I ordered burger medium. Several bites were like biting into burnt burger. Not good 
T storm on white linen night so this seemed like the spot. NegatoryCapdeville has definitely improved since I first wrote my first review. I've been there quite a few times and things have definitely stabilized. The service, while not without flaws (things can get slow when they're busy) is certainly much better than it was, and the food no longer takes forever to come out. 
But the thing I like best about this place -- and why some folks might not like it at all -- is the boistrous atmosphere. It's just a really fun place to go with friends and maybe meet some new folks or see people you know. I love going for happy hour on my way home from work. It's a welcome dose of excitement in the CBD/Warehouse District, which is still lacking in these sorts of gathering places. (Vic's is my other favorite place, but it's a lot more casual.)I'm not a mac-n-cheese girl.  
I'm a Capdeville mac-n-cheese girl.  
This place has amazing mac-n-cheese with peas and prociutto(?).  We got a full size plate to share and the bartender requested on our behalf to split the bowls.  She was very sweet.  
I was already pretty drunk by this point so we didn't try out their drinks... but we had left over mac that we took back to the hotel and heated up 2 days later.  It was still delicious... just really olive oily. 
Love the atmosphere, was here on a Friday night and it wasn't packed.  In fact, we were the only customers there.  Which they said was even strange for them.  
I love the tucked away treasure find feel to this place.  Great music choices too. 
Will be back to try drinks next time.Capdeville restored my faith in the New Orleans burger scene.  They overcook them a bit though, so order it one temperature cooler than you normally would.Decent place with a different take on traditional American fare. Get the Cobb Salad with fried oysters and charred vinaigrette dressing, you won't be disappointed.There were bits of crab shell in my meal that made it very unappetizing. Service was so so.Fun bar that serves very good food.  Where else can you have cheap innovative food and feed a juke box? Ham and cheese fritters were awesome. Bacon Lettuce and Fried Green Tomato excellent. Deviled Eggs were good, but make sure you like salmon as it comes through. Bread pudding with caramelized banana slices was like two incredible deserts in one.