I was so excited about this meal, I came home to review it immediately. The service was outstanding and the food I'd say was some of the best in New Orleans. Even the freshly made bread was piping hot and delicious. We started with the oysters good enough, which were four fried oysters with bearnaise sauce and Benton's bacon- a must get. Then we both got scallops and swine with a butternut squash purée and balsamic vinegar. All of the entrees sounded phenomenal, but we both couldn't resist getting that dish. The best part I have to say was the dessert. We got cafe au lait panna cotta with mini glazed donuts, which reminded us of beignets at cafe du monde. Finally, I sampled their house made 'cellos, including ginger and limecellos, and they were unique and delicious. An amazing experience!So I hear whispers of a reemergence of brunch I truly believe this is the best brunch spot in New Orleans.  And they only do it once a year. Great local favors. Great service Their so called biscuits and debris should be called the "life changing flavorgasm" at that moment when you realize simplicity and perfection collide; dazed and confused you will awaken your senses at Carrollton market. The oyster good enough French omelet is everything I wanted in life and more. Thank you @Carrolltonmarket I am speechless. And that does not happen oftenMy boyfriend and I went for dinner on a Friday night. We sat at the chef's bar which allows you to see the food being prepared in the open kitchen. It was fun to watch until we noticed that one of the cooks was tasting the food with a spoon then continuing to use the spoon to cook the food. He did this with every dish he cooked, reusing the same dirty spoons to taste, stir, and serve everyone's food. We reluctantly ate our food anyway. It was tasty, but we both got sick the next day. Will never go there again. I would have said something to the head chef, but he was present in and around the kitchen the entire time, so I had to assume he saw this too and did not care.Excellent variety on the menu. A couple items for vegetarians. Amazing oyster omelet, pancakes, cinnamon bun, and French toast on the brunch menu.  Friendly staff and interesting cocktails. Definitely worth another visit.Super Sunday Brunch 
Such a great place for Sunday brunch. Split the cinnamon roll to start. So light and airy. 
The Biscuits and Debris is a great Cajun twist on Eggs Benedict. The corn bread biscuits are deliciously addictive. The corn beef hash is unexpected light. Served with the perfect balance of sweet potato, braised cabbage and pickled green beans, it is the perfect breakfast bite. 
Make a reservation. You won't be disappointed.Great food and great experience 
This is a small restaurant with very talented cooks and great food!
This is a great restaurant to seat down and just have few drinks and have a delicious meal.
I took my wife here for a romantic dinner and I was not disappointed, and you will not be either.I'm going to have to return and fill this out a bit further, but I want to put a pin in it so that I don't forget, because we had a splendid meal.
Carrollton Market is on my NOLA Top 10 list.  Wow.Darling little place. We ordered oysters goodenough, sweetbreads, snapper, and scallops. Everything was good but nothing wow'd me. The snapper dish could very easily be recreated by home cook. Portions were small. My drink was exceedingly sweet.Great dinner last night, enjoyed in a fantastic ambiance.  I would order exactly the same food when I return next, the oysters Goodenough and the Creole Cream Cheese Cavatelli.  Amazing!The food really was amazing.  Everything we had was executed to perfection.  It's a wonderful addition to the uptown nice-dinner-out scene--in-line with Clancy's, Patois, etc.  This, however, is a bit more inventive than your trusty New Orleans standards.  Inventive in the best way possible--completely delicious, solid food that you haven't seen on every menu in town.
The thing I can't get out of my mind, though, is the "chicken n' dumplins"--which is an amazingly fluffy and light gnocchi with shredded chicken and some sort of dark gravy/sauce situation.  I can't wait to go back and have this again.This was the second time we have eaten at Carrollton Market, once with a group of 5 and now a group of 6  and once again all had an excellent meal with excellent service. I personally find the menu slightly limited (not a fan of pork belly or pig tails) otherwise I would have rated 5 stars. 
If you haven't been, you need to go!!What a stunning restaurant, in every aspect - interior, food, staff. The hubby and I found ourselves with a spur of the moment kid-free date night and, upon the recommendation of a friend, decided to make a Coolinary reservation for Carrollton Market. 
It didn't disappoint, and I'm still dreaming of the calamari appetizer. Dinner was great. Dessert was amazing too, which was surprising only because I find that dessert is such an after-thought, especially on the limited Coolinary menus at most other participating restaurants. The pot au chocolate with the mini beignets? Fantastic.
Drink menu was on point. I need to return for happy hour to try some cocktails, but we did enjoy some wine and a house-made liquor with our meal. 
This is definitely worth a repeat visit.Dined here for the second time last night. From the atmosphere to the service and especially the food, everything was spot on.
The tomato gazpacho soup was beyond excellent, the green salad about par with expectations of a restaurant of this caliper, the smoked drum appetizer incredible (we likened it to smoked tuna dip down in the Florida keys - just better!), and the entrees were memorable. 
My fiancée ordered the pork shank, which was a sizable portion of pork (which fell off of the bone with no effort), set atop a bed of mashed white beans (which were a perfect compliment to the pork). I ordered the snapper at our server's recommendation, and was not disappointed. While the filet wasn't large, it was cooked and flavored comparably to fish at the finest of fish houses. I was very impressed at both the fish as well as the coconut rice and green pairings.
For dessert we shared the milk chocolate and salted beignets, which was just the right combination of sweet and salty.
Long and short, we will be back again.Fabulous ambiance 
Fabulous food 
Fabulous service w Matt
Scallop dish really terrific and worth the drive there. The steak frite was better than it could be anywhere else. 
This restaurant was excellentLoved this restaurant.  Looking for local amazing flavors. Started off with cocktails which were unique. Had the French 8132. Great. Appetizers had butternut squash panzanella salad with burrata, Louisiana crab, 
And tuna. 3 delicious choices.  For dinner had the pork belly with Vietnamese noodles, steak frites and pan-fried snapper. You can't go wrong with any of these choices.  Staff was incredible and if you can't tell we had a wonderful evening!Very impressed with this place and surprised I haven't heard more buzz about it. Everything I had was great and my whole party of six loved every single course, from drinks and appetizers to dessert.
My girlfriend and I arrived first so we waited at the bar. The bartender was friendly and accommodating and didn't mind transferring the check to our table when everyone else arrived. The oyster appetizer was delicious; the portion of four is perfect for sharing. They were rich and flavorful. Yum. For my main course I had the steak frites, which I figured was a safe bet but I was jonesing for some red meat. I usually get the fillet but they served a strip and I had no complaints about it at all. The fries were crispy and awesome. Everyone else loved what they got too -- the snapper was apparently very good but had a strong coconut flavor, so watch out if that's not your thing (like me). The only complaint we had was that my uncle said the scallops weren't hot. They were just room temperature so he sent them back to get them warmed up. I'm pretty sure they gave him a whole new order since it took a few minutes to come back to the table. 
The service was also excellent as our waiter took care of all of our needs but wasn't overbearing or intrusive. I can't comment on the price, really, as I was treated to this meal. Entrees range from the mid $20s to $34, which was the highest price I saw on the menu. Shockingly, it was for a burger! But it did have foie gras on it, so I guess that's why it was so pricey. This is definitely a special occasion kind of place but I hope to be back again soon.Came with friends here for a wonderful evening! The service was impeccable! I got the agnolotti, which was phenomenal. Try out their signature cocktail list! I had the 8th ward and Better Than Ever drinks and they were awesome. Definitely a must in uptown New Orleans!!!!!Decided to give this place a try for the first time because of their Happy Hour specials. Once we were seated with menus, we noticed we were not given the Happy Hour menu.  When the waiter arrived with a basket of bread,  we asked for the Happy Hour menu. He obliged to get it, however he did not leave the basket of bread. Happy Hour drinks were $6 & very good. Oysters Goodenough were delicious. Also ordered the Happy Hour burger for $8 & added cheese for an extra $1.50. Literally, you get fries & only get a bun & a burger. If you want mayo, you must pay $1.50 for their aioli. 
We would return for cocktails during Happy Hour but the regular dinner menu doesn't offer enough variety.This Uptown gem is truly as good as it gets.  The atmosphere is charming and perfect for romantic evenings, friends night out, or family gatherings.  Prices aren't expensive for high-end New Orleans, which makes it even more appealing!
My recommendations: Oysters Goodenough, Oysters Goodenough Omelette (or really anything they do with oysters), and the burger.This place is so amazing! I enjoy my time here. It makes me feel like a Good Old Southern Belle!!  The bartenders are really crafty and serious to their craft! The Chef is so amazing! He's so accommodating and he actually take his time and asks guest how everything is. When me and cousin came here we were treated like Royalty. We were also asked how the food and our drink was as well as gained the scoop on what the next best appetizers were. We really enjoyed out time here! I enjoyed the waiter that made sure we were having a great time. The staff is just amazing! Everything was so awesome! Definitely worth the Buzz!This is upscale casual, foodie-level stuff here, folks! We got in by the grace of kismet, last second booking through Open Table, and though we didn't get to try everything we would have liked to sample, it being brunch service, we got enough that both my son and I, both chefs, knew we were in seriously kindred territory, clearly in the presence of a man who knows food. No matter what else you order, get the Buttermilk Panna Cotta. We had grilled cheese sandwiches with Benton's bacon, extra side as well, if I recall, and two of the desserts, one the panna cotta, don't recall the exact name of the other (see photos) and though every bite was taste and technique-perfect, the panna cotta was so subtle and sublime that I'm gonna treasure that palate pleaser forever, I kid you not. Parking is a bit catch as catch can, your best bet being to go a little early, do a few laps around the odd one-way block and use one of the New Orleans meter box parking things. Thoroughly enjoyed it, 100% positive, recommend it to all.Our party was the first to arrive on the evening we dined here. As a result, we got star treatment! My friend and I weren't drinking, so we tried out the lavender lemonade (Spectacular!) and the hibiscus drink (She switched to lavender lemonade after the first one). Both were good, but the lavender lemonade was better. 
As an appetizer, we ordered a plate of mussels and the "oysters goodenough." They were much more than good enough, and though we tried to stealthily lick the shells to get all the sauce off, we got caught. Such is life. 
I split the redfish and a pasta dish with my friend, and preferred the pasta. Our other friends got a burger, and panko breaded chicken. The chicken was unbelievably moist and delicious, and the burger MUST have been good because I wasn't even able to steal a bite. 
Although we were all too full for dessert, we asked to see a menu out of curiosity. 
This turned out to be a mistake.
We couldn't resist ordering the milk chocolate pots de creme, and finished every bite! It was quite possibly the best food item I have ever tasted. I would go back just for that alone. Or for the oysters goodenough alone. Or for the pasta. I mean honestly. I would take a streetcar from the french quarter to here just to get a lavender lemonade. It's that good.
Go here.Anthony Bourdain hates brunch. I am clearly the anti-Bourdain!! I enjoyed my birthday brunch beyond my expectations...and they were high. The restaurant is like someone's Creole cottage, set up to entertain friends. The service never missed a beat. We were a party of four, and one cinnamon bun was generous...we all had a great sample. Something as simple as their coffee was above par. Don't get me started on the mimosas!!! Two of us ordered steak frites with eggs over easy...satisfying and flavorful, plus done to a perfect mid rare. One member ordered the brunch burger...another mid rare which was perfect. Number 4 ordered biscuits and debris....perfect. Chocolate mousse was last up..,and it didn't disappoint. It was our first visit, but it certainly won't be the last.This is our new favorite NOLA restaurant.  Between us we tried the Oysters Goodenough, crab salad, drumfish, and sea scallops with green tea- wasabi rice.   All were delicious and the drum was fantastic.  Service was excellent as well.Went here Thursday night with 2 other girlfriends.  We decided 2 of us were going to do the coolinary.  I got the tuna tartare.  It was delicious.  for an entrée I got the lamb ragu and that was delicious as well.  The place was packed and the service wasn't great.  Very loud and small restaurant.  Very expensive as well.  3 people and the bill was $297.00.  I probably won't be back.Went here for a brunch and left in a delicious food induced coma. This. Place. Does. Not. Disappoint. Started with the cinnamon roll, which is life changing. My boyfriend and I also got the brunch burger and the oysters goodenough omelette. Let me tell you...the omelette was rich and came with an incredibly flavorful side salad. And I will be dreaming about the brunch burger for the next week. To top it all off the service was great too! Can't wait to come back and try it for dinner!This is one of those places you owe it to yourself to eat there. The menu periodically changes which only keeps the culinary experience fresh. 
We started with Goodenough oysters that were way more than good enough! And the hot oil tuna, again- delicious. And the craft cocktails- so, so, so tasty. 
There were six of us in our party. We each had different dishes.  And each of us were blown away! There weren't too many dishes that we left unturned on the menu & they were all just roll on the ground delicious. I mean, slap your moma good.Carrollton Market makes me feel like a rich VIP at their Happy Hour.. It should be called Boss Status Happy Hour, because that's how you will feel.  Me and guest decided to go at opening  to try out their happy hour, no crowds so we were able to enjoy the bar. The bartender was awesome told us about the drinks he make, the alcohols on the shelf, made suggestions and even made me a specialty cocktail based on my likes. It was truly a great experience and made my long day worth it. Before I even started to order they brought out small plates of things just for us to try, JUST BECAUSE... Of course I didn't turn it down and definitely wasn't disappointed. It was just so fun.
So for the things we did order: Warm Louisiana Crabmeat "Casserole", Oysters Goodenough, Burger.... My favorite was the sweetbreads, casserole and the fries. It was just so so so good. The chef and the complete staff is just amazing. I love this place. Everything had its own distinct and unique taste that was just so mind-blowing.
Note: This is a street parking restaurant. Mainly surrounded by metered parking, but you may find a few other spots.
This is a great location for romantic dates and even small friend gatherings!I really love this place. I frequent Refuel almost every weekend and finally took an interest in the new business. Once they posted the menu outside, I was convinced that I had to try it. I strategically waited to make reservations for when my mother was visiting since it is a bit pricey and I'm right out of college, so we ended up going with two of my friends one of the first weekends they were open.
First off, I loved the ambiance of the restaurant. I think they made great use of the space that they had to work with. I enjoyed the open kitchen, mainly because I love to watch cooks in action, being someone who likes to cook myself. It makes the whole meal just that much more exciting. The bar was also gorgeous.
We all had quite a difficult time trying to decide what to order on the menu because it all sounded so delicious. For appetizers we got the quail, the oysters, and two orders of the scallops. All were delicious. Everyone at the table was very pleased and the portions for the appetizers were medium-to-large. If you wanted to go to Carrollton Market for a light dinner I would suggest getting the salad and an appetizer. 
For entrees three of us got the Pan-Roasted Snapper and one got the Chicken and Dumplings. If you're addicted to curry like my mother and I am, the snapper is the way to go. The curry sauce is light, doesn't overpower the fish, and has a great balance between spicy and the creaminess of the coconut milk. The fish itself was top-notch, pan-roasted to perfection. Perfectly brown and crispy on the outside, while not overcooked. My friend who got the Chicken and Dumplings was in heaven, as anyone would be if they like gnocchi. She has been insisting that we go back.
Now for the cocktails, maybe the most important part of the meal. I was going to order the Sparkling Lavender because I'm a gin and champagne lover, but our waitress recommended The Glen. Our entire table ordered a round. It was heaven. It was like drinking candy...candy that turned out to be extremely alcoholic. Rounds and rounds were ordered. The waitstaff was impeccable and when we were getting the check, the manager came by with a round of specialty shots on the house to send us happily on our way.
Overall this is a great restaurant to have uptown and has a menu to rival Patois and Boucherie.My wife and I were in town for New Year's Eve and after weighing the available options decided to try Carrollton Market. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation. Our table wasn't quite ready yet so we were invited to the bar for a drink while our table cleared up. I had the "Better Than Ever", a bourbon and citrus based drink that hit the spot without being overpowering. 
Once seated we ordered the Oysters Goodenough and Panzanella Salad for appetizers and the Scallops and Snapper for entrees. We were also treated to a homemade Parker House roll which was light and buttery. Neither my wife nor I are typically a fan of oysters but wanted to try the restaurant's signature dish. The oysters were amazing. They had a very fresh and clean taste and left me excited about trying more in the near future. The creamed leeks and burre blanc sauce added to the experience but did not overpower. The Panzanella was wonderful as well. The star was the burrata cheese that topped the dish. It was warmed and had an almost foamy texture I had never experienced before but in a good and delicious way.
The main dishes were great as well. The scallops were cooked to perfection and topped with a flavorful brown butter and bacon sauce. Only tiny complaint might be that they were a tad on the salty side. The snapper was another good choice. It was simply sauteed and topped with a light and fresh citrus sauce over coconut rice. After the rich appetizers and scallops this was a nice change of pace and one of the lighter options on the menu.
All in all a great dinner experience. The service was casual but very attentive throughout the meal. Chef Goodenough kept a watchful eye over every dish coming in and out of the open kitched ensuring they were up to his high standards. It was also nice to have dinner away from the crowds and craziness of the French Quarter. Will definitely return next time I find myself in New Orleans.Ate here last Thursday and was amazed by what the place had to offer. Absolutely the best pork belly i have ever eaten,  and everything else the three of us tried was spot on. Was nice to sit at the chef's counter and watch it all go down. In addition, there are a few cocktails we were pretty amazed by.I have nothing but great things to say about Carrollton Market; from the ambiance, to the food and the service. A group of seven of us dined here last evening while visiting from Boston, MA for an Optometry conference. The inside of the restaurant is beautiful, clean, open & modern. The staff here, from the host, to the cooks and our waiter were all extremely accommodating throughout the course of our dining experience and very attentive. Our waiter was incredibly knowledgeable and full of helpful recommendations with regards to both the food and beverages. During the evening we were able to try a variety of things on the menu ranging from their oysters Goodenough, the Lousiana blue crab casserole, the beef shank with roasted mushroom cannelloni and their entire dessert selection. The kitchen also sent out complimentary smoked salmon over a bed of seaweed salad as well as their chicken and dumplings for us to try. I can not speak highly enough about the quality, quantity and most importantly the flavors of everything we ate here. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting in the New Orleans area and if given the opportunity to I would most certainly dine there again. Thanks Carrolton Market!Been here once and it was amazing. Service, food, atmosphere, everything was great. I went for brunch with my wife and got the fall of rum coctail, cinnamon roll, and the brunch burger with fries. The cinnamon roll was huge and fresh. The fries are some of the best in the city. I will definitely come back for dinner or lunch in the near future.This place was one of our favorite experiences! Each dish was delectable. The chef line made the experience extremely fun!The best meal I've had in New Orleans and one of the best meals I've had in a long time. 
After going to what was supposed to be one of the best restaurants in the country the night before and being very disappointed this was an amazing redemption. We found this place on yelp while planning our trip to NOLA and it was a great find. I was a little skeptical because it was fairly new and didn't have many reviews but we decided to give it a shot. 
  We had the oyster good enough and they were absolutely amazing, we also had the pork belly w/Thai slaw and noodles, the banana bread and the duck. Each dish went above and beyond our expectations.  The service was great and the atmosphere was fun. A very neat and clean restaurant with fairly simple decor. If you can try to reserve a seat at the chefs counter and watch them prepare these wonderful dishes. I wish I had know that was an option. The chef pays very close attention to each dish before it leaves the kitchen. If I ever find myself in NOLA again I will be sure to visit this restaurant. We were also told they will be opening a restaurant in NYC this coming year so I'm looking forward to that.Fantastic! This is a treasure. We went to August the next night , then Brennan's , le floret, and hands down it was far superior to every one of them.  The oysters goodenough were fabulous. The blue crab heaven , the drum was a big hit , just delicious . The Thai fish, the pork shank, the doughnuts for dessert... Really wonderful. 
I can't recommend this more!Had Brunch today with my family (8) and it was amazing the cocktails and food were ineffable ! The service was on point we never needed nor wanted for anything and did I mention we had a two year old as well. Thank you Carrollton Market Great Job!!!!!!Food and service were top notch.  The owner replied immediately to a casual online comment I made.  That quick reaction  and caring attitude is part of what makes Carrollton Market so good.
Being able to see the action in the kitchen is great!Came here for my birthday. We got a call about an hour before our reservation letting us know they had lost power. They were still great about getting our reservation adjusted to a different time and keeping us updated on when power would be restored. Everything was fantastic! The only thing I wasn't really blown away by was my scallops, but they were still good. We got the oysters goodenough, foie gras, crabmeat-stuffed piquillo peppers, scallops, and the pork chop special. Service was great and atmosphere is super cozy.great brunch, had a coffee/rye cocktail that was awesome and great oyster omelette and stuffed french toast. check it outLove love LOVE this place. It's quaint and easy to overlook, but def a gem! Came here while a friend was in town and we started our visit at the bar while we waited for a table. The bartender was engaging and well versed in his cocktails. We felt like we were getting a mini lesson in classic drinks and their variations throughout history. 
Next we ordered appetizers and before they came we were pleased to be brought these little bread roll wonders. They were like little pillows of heaven. They were the perfect mixture of crisp on the outside and soft and buttery on the inside. 
Next up cauliflower soup and a dip that made me wish it was an entree on its on. Both were decadent and a little bit sinful and I can't wait to have them again. 
We all ordered fish from the menu, one has a very island flavor served over rice, the other a more classic spin with potatoes. Both were amaze. My guy and I will def be back.I have been wanting to dine here since Chef Jason Goodenough opened back in 2014. I was intrigued by the counter dining overlooking the kitchen. A chance to see a master at work in his domain was high on my dining bucket list. While this date night dinning adventure didn't land us at the counter it did please the pallet with some amazing dishes.
We arrived early so I was expecting to wait at the bar but even though they were very busy we had a table available right away. I must say service was exceptional the whole night from the moment we arrived. The cocktail list was creative but we opted out since we had come to dine not drink. The wine list was well laid out and extensive. The menu is just enough to provide you with diversity but not overwhelming with choices. It's laid out simple with appetizers on top and entrees underneath. I ordered the crab cakes and my date had the crab salad. The menu does change so don't think the one on the web site is going to be what you get when you arrive. My crab cake was perfectly prepared and presented, cooked to perfection, with a perfect blend of flavors. My dates crab salad was very good although she was not expecting the Fennel and her first bite was a bit of a surprise. For an entree, I had the Pan-Fried Gulf Flounder, Charred Corn over Warm Potato Salad, with Parsley Salsa Verde and my date had the Beef Short Ribs Bourguignon, with Wild Mushrooms over Golden Potatoes. Both were pleasantly plated and absolutely delicious.  For desert, I had the Milk Chocolate Pot DeCreme' and my date had? Well its seems we forgot what it was called but it had Beignets and some Chocolate Crème' deliciousness topped with Chantilly Cream. 
Carrolton Market is now high on my list of great New Orleans restaurants. I will definitely return. Next time I'll be seated at the counter.Delicious food & great service! We had the oysters for apps, tuna & steak frites for entrees followed by the banana cake (fabulous) & panna cotta for dessert (ok).  
I would have given it 5 stars but the restaurant is very noisy.  Over all enjoyable dinner.Really cool to be able to sit at the chefs table, marble bar and watch the food prep in action. Lot of interesting options to choose from on the menu; we had gazpacho and oysters Goodenough to start, excellent flavor on both; first time to try the oyster served in that style and turned out great. I've had gazpacho from here to Spain, this was the best flavor I've come across, mixed with some crab meat to complete the perfection. The drink menu had its own long list of temptations, and is equally grandtastic. Risotto for entree, accurately voted best in town.
Chef Goodenough is the man, keeps the place running as smooth at the pot de creme dessert, which is a must try too.Feedithnola...
Locals can find relief from the summer heat during Coolinary, when nearly a hundred restaurants across the city offer a 3 course dinner for a cool $39 or less for the entire month of August. Our pick this Saturday night: Carrollton Market, Chef Jason Goodenough's year-old Riverbend bistro. We feel strongly that a restaurant is only as good as its worst dish. (Typical New Orleans scene: An out-of-town visitor asks, "What's good here?" and the response is, "Everything. Welcome to New Orleans.") Well, the worst dish here was flat out bad, BUT the atmosphere, service, and a few near flawless staples on the menu may merit a second chance.
Atmosphere: It felt less intimate than other neighborhood restaurants, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. High ceilings and original wood floors made the space feel airy and classic. Modern gray walls and a marble bar offered a smart juxtaposition to the old Uptown features. (Perhaps a decorative foreshadowing of the menu's modern twists on Southern classics.) If we return, we'll definitely take advantage of the chance to interact with Chef Goodenough with seating at the bar along the open-kitchen.
Food: This evening, we faced the great divide between the Coolinary and standard menus. With the exception of the tuna tartare which was sweet and refreshing, the Coolinary items missed the mark. The shrimp were overcooked with undressed and bland vermicelli noodles. (Both of our appetizers were Asian influenced, which seemed out of place on this menu.) The over-cooked pappardelle pasta was overwhelmed by garlic which somehow managed to overpower the lamb ragu, a difficult feat for such a strongly flavored meat. The pork shank was so salty we literally left feeling dehydrated. On the other hand, items from the standard menu were well thought out, balanced, and quite delicious. CM's signature "Oysters Goodenough" were perfectly crispy served on the shell with a dollop of creamed leeks and chunks of smokey bacon, the richness offset with the tang of béarnaise. The pecan-smoked black drum mixed with a citrus crème fraîche sat atop a sweet corn pancake garnished with spicy shaved radish and decadent caviar. This was easily one of the best dishes we've had all summer.
Service: The staff was prompt and attentive. They seemed surprised and somewhat confused by the presence of a baby, but quickly adjusted with smiles and compliments. (Bonus points tallied.) Our courses were appropriately timed, our water glasses always full, and we received the check within a minute of asking for it. (Especially important when attempting to avoid the 7:45pm Edith meltdown.)
Feedith Rating: Coolinary- Waaa! Everything else- Yay!
Highchairs: Yes.
Changing Table: No.
Sufficient White Noise (i.e. can't hear my kid scream): Yes.
Parking: Metered street parking.Trying to compose this through my tears of joy at the awesomeness of Carrollton Market! The place is clean and neat with a very comfy feel. All of the staff were warm and efficient. If you love oysters, you will appreciate the Oysters Goodenough. Plump oysters flashfried presented on the half-shell snuggling with Bordelaise Sauce. The Butternut Squash Soup was a silky- nutty rendition to get things started. An appetizer of Crispy Duck Confit can well stand up on its own as a small plate main course. Pan seared duck breast served with stone ground grits & Andouille and greens rocked though the greens were a bit overly salted. Portion sizes are just right leaving room for Chocolate Pot du Creme so good that Julia Child would burst out chortling its praises. I would run back here in half a second and you should dash there too.RUN don't walk to dinner at Carrollton Market!  The whole experience was superb: great Happy Hour cocktails, fantastic appetizers, entrees AND dessert.  The space is a sophisticated and charming shotgun in an Uptown neighborhood location.  The vibe is modern and very friendly.  We ate at the food bar; what a superb show seeing all the food crafted right in front of your eyes. Dusty the Manager runs a wonderful establishment!   Friendly personable staff.  Do yourself a favor and go!I've chosen Carollton Market for a range of occasions - casual dinner and drinks at the food bar with a girlfriend,  and for a special occasion dinner with my whole family. Each time, service was impeccable, cocktails were on point, and the food only gets better from there. 
All of the chefs and the bartender are really good at what they do, the food and cocktail menu changes every so often and I've never had a thing here that I didn't love.Yeah, this place is soooo good. This local is sold and now a regular. The best Bloody Mary- hands down! Everything is delicious. We have yet to have a bad meal & we have been trying it all. Very intimate place, so make a reservation ahead of time for a table. You'll be so glad ya did. Fantastic brunch - my new favorite! Love it!Make your reservation now,  no negatives ate at the bar great experience start to finish.  Food is incredible get the oysters. GET THE OYSTERS.OMB!  Amazing every time we go!  We have been here a handful of times since the grand opening.  Every time we go, there is always something new and exciting to try because Chef Jason likes to use fresh, in season ingredients.... And isn't afraid to change things up a bit!  
We went with another couple, so we went all out!
For apps: we got the Oysters Goodenough, tuna in hot oil, tete de cochon, mini nicoise and the seared octopus.  The tete de cochon was the new item and it was one of the best I have eaten... And b/c I'm viet, I've had a few before New Orleans.  The octopus was super tender.
For entrees: we got the snapper, the scallops, the pork belly and the special potato crusted redfish.  The snapper was the highlight of the night, and always one of our favorite picks here.... The curry broth is delightful!  The pork belly is a tad heavy, but it is paired with a very light and refreshing Vietnamese inspired rice noodles which makes a great combination.  The scallops were well cooked and the redfish was wonderful.
For desserts: we got the chocolate pot de Creme and the new panna cotta.  Pot is always good, but the panna cotta!  Smooth and lovely with local honey, pecan brittle and a rhubarb compote.  
I think I just made myself re-hungry.  Happy eating!Open for only 5 months, this small intimate restaurant was an outstanding surprise. The owner chef inspects every meal that is served and that says a lot. Instead of cooking himself he goes to the added expense of paying another person to assure that everything is perfect.(Jean Banchet 'the best chef in America-now deceased' also did this at La Francais)The food was amazing! The serving was perfect! Charming location. So glad we found it!We have a large group here the food was excellent we had a variety of all of the brunch items and everything on the menu was exceptionally good desserts are wonderful the portions are adequate and I would recommend anyone in this area could come by and check out this great new restaurantSo so so good! Been here 3 times and their menu changes seasonally or for special events. Went for New Years. Such a great atmosphere. Lovely staff, open kitchen, fun ambiance and the food is exceptionally delicious! The oyster app is a must. That definitely doesn't change. Listen to the waiter with what specials to get! I feel like the specials were the best thing on the table, but you can't go wrong with anything you get. Also, we brought my young niece and nephew and they don't really have a kids menu, but our waiter went above and beyond to bring out something for the kids. They loved their dishes, too!The plentiful and prix fix happy hour menu make ordering easy, and the value in itself is worthy of repeated encores.It's good. Don't get me wrong. Just simply unimpressive. From the fish to the steak, main dishes are yummy. But, at the end of the day, they need more creativity.  
So yes, if you want good but basic dishes in a very fancy place (like for taking your folks for dinner), it's the place for you.
Tip: their mini biscuits are divine!Favorite uptown restaurant!!! Delicious food! Definetly run by a bunch of creative foodies.
The bar and the bartender Dusty are so much fun. It is literally a show watching him make so many fun cocktails. Cheers!Beautiful and elegant. Great restaurant for a date. This place has a wonderfully intimate setting and all the food is delicious. You can expect great service from all the staff. Though we were there for main entrees, the happy hour menu looked amazing. Happy hour had some great deals on what I have heard are their "insanely good" burgers. 
The presentation is almost perfect, from the table settings to the food. Even the bathrooms are superclean.Last day in New Orleans and honestly I didn't think it could get more decadent. BUT IT DID. 
Service is great. Very kind, and very patient with our large party. Big windows, bustling atmosphere. Make sure you call ahead to get a reservation. Brunch is worth it!
I really enjoyed the lavendar lemonade, thought it was on the sweet side. Just squeeze some extra lemon wedges into it and you're good to go. 
The "biscuits with debris" was the favorite. Cornbread biscuits, braised oxtail, poached eggs, and spicy hollandaise dripping all over. You can't go wrong. 
We split a cinnamon bun for the table. Totally worth it. Better than Cinnabon. Trust me. 
I had the corned beef hash which also did not disappoint!
I think this was our favorite meal of the trip. Definitely make it a point to stop in.Easily tops the more popular restaurants in both cuisine and service. Amazing Steak Frites.Don't come here for brunch - at least until they figure things out.
We had 1pm brunch reservations, were sat at 1:10, and out order wasn't taken until 1:35. We got our food at 2:15, after the kitchen remade our food twice (and ran out of eggs in-between remaking the food)!
40 minute ticket times for a grilled cheese sandwich w/a fried egg & an omelette w/oysters was insane, and the waiter was inattentive. The only plus side was that the goodenough oysters omelette was delicious, and their two brunch cocktails were perfect!
This might be a great spot for dinner based on the other reviews here, but they don't have a clue how to run brunch yet.Stopped in with my sister and had a great time. One of the first things you notice is the wine list was constructed by someone with a great sense of humor. The vineyards and wines have a certain theme. Our waiter, who happened to be the wine director, was funny, super knowledgeable and made us feel quite welcome. We shared an app of Oysters Goodenough (the owner's last name). The oysters were fried and came with local bacon, creamed leeks and bearnaise. A great combo and the oysters were fried perfectly.For entrees we had gnocchi with braised oxtails and the house made ricotta cavatelli with crab, butternut squash, gran padano and The gnocchi dish was exactly as I expected: rich and beefy with a thick reduction. The pasta dish was delicate and the crab and sage brown butter went so well together. What a great addition to this part of the city. It is definitely on my be-back list.This was an accidental find which happened to become one of our new favorite places. Had their breakfast on a Sunday and the service was wonderful, their food was fresh and amazing. Simple and delicious. Drinks on point. Can't wait to go back for lunch or dinner.We rode the St Charles street car out to the bend in the river, and strolled around. The Carrollton Market stood out as a very clean inviting looking place, so we dropped in on a whim...lucky us! We had a very warm welcome, and were quickly seated at the table we chose. We ordered the prix fixed lunch...wow! The oyster stew was the best I have ever had...just flat out superb! Just go and try it! The bacon burger was brilliant too! I recommend this restaurant very highly...pure, delicious refinement of food you want to eat in a spare, calm, attentive environment...and right across the street from Yvonne Lafleur...what more could you want!I recently reconnected with a woman from my high school.years whom I.met at a recent reunion. .and we met in NOLA w her friends who.have wanted to try this restaurant....so we did....
The ambience is perfect.,..the waitstaff is attentive and professional.,..the cocktails are divine..,,and the food is superb...and the coolinary dinner choices were exceptional values and included scrumptious desserts!
The bar for culinary excellence is set high.in NOLA and Carrollton Market meets and exceeds those standards.Brunch is a must!
This place is pretty crowded for Sunday brunch so make sure you make reservations beforehand! It's very cute and cozy with an open kitchen. 
We ordered
Biscuits and Debris - $16
Cornbread Biscuits, Braised Oxtail Debris, Poached Eggs, Spicy Hollandaise
CM Corned Beef Hash - $14
Homemade Corned Beef, Potato, Sweet Potato, Pickled Green Beans, Braised Red Cabbage, Creole Mustard Hollandaise
I loved their take on biscuits and debris! The cornbread itself had a lovely crust on the bottom and the braised oxtail was super juicy and tender. My favorite had to be the spicy hollandaise sauce, a little kick of cajun. The corn beef did not disappoint. Surprisingly, I loved the two types of potatoes mixed together. Also, the mustard and pickled green beans had the perfect tangy to balance the dish. 
Pimmosa - I'll have to say this was probably not my favorite. 
Now one of my top brunch places in Nola! Our service of course was superb! I know it's short and sweet but I'll be back to try their dinner!This place is very well done, very solid brunch.  Wasn't screaming about it like the best New Orleans eateries, but worth a visit.  All very fresh and well plated.  Superlative wait staff; just a perfect waiter in every sense.I hate to write a review on this place as I don't want anyone to discover it and make it well known and popular, but that's selfish because they deserve it.  This place, relatively knew, is definitely a find. It is housed in a quaint house type bulding, small, intimate and yet beautifully designed for the interior. Our meal here was excpetional.  The service was perfect.  The cocktail list is inventive.  I had a Riverbend, well worth trying.  The open kitchen is a central focus and it's fun to see all the cooking taking place nearby. I tried the sweetbreads, something I typically would't order or really enjoy. These were terrific. The waitstaff even asked if I wanted bread to sop up the gravy, but I was quite content.  I had fish for my entree, perfectly prepared.  The wine list was good and varied. The entire experience here was worth the visit.  This place is inevitably going to shoot upward.Was visiting New Orleans from LA for work and heard some local friends raving about it.  Decided to check it out with a group of co-workers, and we were not disappointed.  First off, the decor and ambiance are top notch - perfect place for a special occasion, a date, or just wanting a nice night out.  The food though, that's where this place really separates itself from the pack.  Creative, unique, memorable...the list of superlatives goes on.  But most importantly, it's delicious.  For appetizers, everything is great, but definitely try out the Fried Pork Tail Tots and the Oysters Goodenough.  As for entrees, everyone in the group tried something different, and nobody was disappointed - the Pork Belly and the Red Snapper were standouts though, in my opinion.
The mixologist at the bar was also really impressive, and the drinks had a good variety of selection and "type".  We only tried cocktails, but am going to guess the wine list is impressive, as well.
And finally, the setup of the restaurant itself, with the open kitchen, was refreshing.  Not that many restaurants don't have that same dynamic, but for whatever reason - the ambiance and maybe the more intimate size/setting of the dining area itself - it really stood out here.  Feels like you're part of a special dining experience and makes the enjoyment of the food seem more distinct when you've seen Chef Goodenough and his team in the controlled chaos of a high end kitchen.
Can't recommend enough, and can't wait for a return trip on my next visit to New Orleans.Fancy place for dinner. It's only open for dinner with maybe 20 tables inside. The crab pasta was amazing. The soft shell crab was super soft and crunchy. The red snapper was really good. The tomato pasta had so much cheese. the dish was pretty heavy for dinner. The service was phenomenal. The manager and hostess would open the door for you. They would fold the napkins every time they see a messy napkin on the table. The cooks were visible to the diners. They were fast, clean and professional. The presentation of the dishes were colorful. It was quite pricey for dinner but I guess you have to pay for excellent service and food.On our third visit to New Orleans, and after excellent meals at close to two dozen different restaurants there, my wife and I had our first venture outside of the central part of the city, and I'm really glad we took a cab ride out to try Carrollton Market.
The vibe is fancy, but not stuffy. There's an open kitchen, so you can see the chefs at work from most tables. We sat at a row of bar seats offering a front row view to the action, which was very impressive. You could tell that the chefs love what they do, and do it really well.
As for the food, the meal I had has claimed the title of my favorite New Orleans meal. I started with crispy veal sweetbreads, served over spinach, with a citrusy brown butter sauce. My wife had the oysters, which were fried and served with a rich savory, bacony sauce.
For my main course, I had cannelloni stuffed with shredded beef shank and mushrooms, baked in a cheesy bechamel, and then topped with a simple arugula salad tossed with a light, tangy vinaigrette. 
My wife had the seared scallops, and she's always picky about scallops. She really enjoyed them here. They were served over a sort of curried potato mash.
For dessert we shared a tasty panna cotta topped with sticky blueberries and crunchy, candied pecans.
Between the excellent food, attentive, friendly staff, and sleek, comfortable atmosphere, Carrollton Market is well worth a trip out from the more touristy parts of New Orleans.Great food! Very loud and cramped environment, however, and service was slow the night I visited. That said, try the steak/ frites (medium rare obviously) and a crafty cocktail over he limited wine by the glass menu.Dusty was amazingly welcoming!  The whole team made our bachelorette dinner one of a kind. Matt our waiter was so attentive and I cannot thank this team for making it memorable! Coming back for sure!Here in NOLA we're very accustomed to excellent food and we do not really need our  food service professionals to have awards bestowed upon them. But when they do get awards as this fine restaurant has, we rejoice with & for them. Tonight was a most rewarding night. Always a favorite, the Oysters Goodenough were spot on. Delicately light w a symphony of harmonious flavours. The Red Snapper had a scrumptiously crisp exterior yet was perfectly cooked. Served atop coconut milk rice w a slightly spiced curry sauce this dish brought tears to my eyes. The special Soft Shell Crab was a batter less fried crab nested on roasted tomatoes. Delightful. 
The barkeep did an outstanding job in preparing a perfect French 75 (or 2.). The staff was courteous, cordial and professionally timely.  
Applause to all of the team at Carrollton Market!The food, atmosphere and service are amazing! Renee was our bartender and he made perfectly balanced drinks while also knowing the menu inside and out. The smoked drum appetizer and oysters goodenough will rock your world. We tried the crusted tuna, chicken and dumplings and the cream cheese and crab cavatelli and everything left us so happy we came here. Can't give this place enough stars, seriously go get some!This is one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. The decor is breathtakingly classy and a must see. The specialty cocktails are amazing. I can't say enough about the food. The chef/owner has been invited to cook at the James Beard house. A true culinary star in New Orleans.Let me start by saying my two friends & I make 2-3 trips each year to NOLA and about 80% of our time is dedicated to eating, the other 20% being dedicated to finding local places to eat. When we hopped a Lyft over to Carrollton Market on our most recent trip, it did not disappoint. 
The space is small and intimate, so you'll want to call ahead for a reservation. We chose to sit at the counter--which is different than the bar, as at the counter you overlook the galley style kitchen & can watch four very talented chefs preparing every meal. Big bonus when trying to decide what you're going to eat! 
Service was a bit slow at the start, but this was accounted for largely by the holiday crowd (NYE Weekend) and more than made up for by the first round French 75's. The show of watching the chefs prepare every dish in beautiful cast iron pots on an open gas range also provided entertainment in the interim. 
For our meal, I had the steak frites & eggs. The steak was a nicely done petite bistro cut, but the twice fried house potatoes (think super crisp outside, perfectly soft inside) were the clear star of the dish. My two cohorts shared the Oysters Goodenough French Omelette. I don't eat oysters and cannot comment on the dish except to say the presentation was beautiful. It must, however, have been delicious,  as by the end both friends were taking my frites to soak up the remaining béarnaise from their omelette.
Carrollton Market impressed with an intimate & open space, friendly staff and solid menu of items that they do very well. Plus, it's in a great section of town adjacent to Tulane and the beautiful oak lined streets of Uptown where you can spend an entire afternoon exploring!By far the best new spot in Nola!   
To start they have a great happy hour- every thing is only $6. The bartender makes his own tonic. Possibly the best gin and tonic I've ever had!  Had the pork sliders. Unreal!
Then came the meal. 
We started w oysters, tuna and pork rine things. I'd say try the oysters!
I have to say everything was amazing. I like to rate a place based on their bread... Home made croissant- buttery deliciousness! I had pork belly- amazing. Buddy had the snapper- amazing! His wife had the steak- that honestly was only Ok- but it's not a steak place!
Let's put it like this. Best meal I've had I a year. Been to Le petite grocery, cochon, clancys, patio, sylvain and antiones to name a few this past year and this place blows then all away!
Must try- at least for happy hour.!!Carrollton Market is in a beautiful location with a relaxing decor, the service was informative, pleasant and attentive. The most amazing part of our dinner at CM was the food, it took me back to meals I've had in Europe. The appetizers were delicious and had the whole table talking about the favors of their dish, roasted Gulf Shrimp & Gulf Tuna Tartar. For the entrees we had either Pan roasted Verlasso Salmon with French lentils or roasted Pork Shank with Braised white Beans. These dishes were served with finesse, a beutiful presentation. The pork was tender and moist but the best for me was the crispy skin on the perfectly seared salmon. Outstanding meal!