We went here for brunch on a Saturday.  The place is very kitschy. The décor is fun to look at.  They have boom boxes and VHS tapes stacked around the place.  We found alot of things to look at.   
We were Sat at a tiny table wedged in the corner.  We barely had room to get into the chairs and I had to ask the table behind us to move so I could squeeze in.  The menu was small, but decent selection.  They did offer a discount on alcohol beverages, but we were not feeling it after our Friday night on the town.  We got and order of mole chicken tostadas and chorizo queso dip to share.  The tostadas came out first, which was odd.  They were very good.  Sweet with a little heat in the back end.  Kind of a small portion for the price though.  The queso was interesting.  A small dollop of chorizo on top of the queso, which was grainy.  The it tasted good, but the mouth feel was like eating raw ricotta.  The chips were fresh and plentiful.  More than enough to finish off the dip.  
The food was ok, but pricy, as others have pointed out.  We would come back to try an adult drink and some tacos and listen to some music.Stopped by for a quick bite and met Sam and Erin; super sweet girls! Even caught up with Hugo the big hefe' and got a cool T-shirt! So, here's the word:
Great food, awesome drinks, incredible service and live music Friday's and Saturday's.  Mad love and appreciation for this family of wonderful souls. Get in here!I want to love this restaurant because it has a great atmosphere and décor but the food is just not good enough. I've been for lunch & dinner and each time I wish the food was better-- but I will probably return because it's such a cute place and the drinks are outstanding, hence the 3 stars. 
Ordered salsa and guac and 10 minutes later, the waitress comes back with no chips saying they ran out and had to make more-- on a Saturday night, I would think that the chips would be ready to go! But they also didn't taste home-made once they finally came out, so that was confusing.
Ceviche was ok, very very acidic so I could only eat a little bit.
I ordered the ensalata which I didn't feel too excited about considering it's a Mexican restaurant but I'd had the tacos before and was not impressed. The salad was soaking in some dressing that made the whole thing taste like candy. It was disgusting. Note to self- order dressing on the side next time!
We also got some tacos and it was hard to tell which was beef, pork, or lamb...which isn't a good sign. Nothing to write home about in any case.
Come to drink and hang out, though.Amazing Mexican food which is hard to find in this city! Everything is authentic and tastes fresh. The guacamole is a must! The Chilies Rellenos is the best and so flavorful!I was there yesterday and ordered shrimp tacos. The shrimp should have been grilled according to the menu but were served poached or steamed. I was with other people and didn't want to cause any problems but if I were alone or with friends they would have been sent back. They probably would have been good with grilled shrimp - I was looking forward to the grill taste. I don't think I'll be back.Wow, the drinks were crazy expensive.  Watermelon Margarita $14.  Our waitress was attentive and knowledgeable.  She made us aware that the food would probably come out slow and in a random order because they only had three cooks and the kitchen was small and the cooks were meticulous.  Fair enough, we thought.  The food was very good, but a little pricey, too.  I think it should be $$$.  Noisy atmosphere, so be prepared for that in the dining room.  All-in-all a cool place that is out of the ordinary, which justifies the price of the food (but not the drink prices).As a Mexican American who lives in California, I've tried my fair share of delicious Mexican food and I must say this place has risen to the top of my list. I loved everything about this place, from the food and the presentation to the decorations and the ambiance, this places is the one for Mexican food in NOLA. I highly recommend the enchiladas con pollo y mole.This place is great! Awesome decor and patio with live music and good food. Will definitely go back here often.Went this past Saturday.  Place was busy, but certainly not packed.  We ordered beer, which came in a can, so we asked for chilled mugs.  We received mugs, but definitely not chilled.  OK we proceeded to order chips, salsa and guacamole.  Chips and salsa arrived quickly.  When the server came back to take our order, we asked about guacamole and ordered   roasted corn and the cactus and cebollita appetizers.  Those came out and STILL no guacamole.  The corn was delicious, and while the cactus and cebollitas were tasty, they needed more cebollitas and less cactus. The server finally brought the guacamole when she brought out entrees!  The beef chili rellenos may have been the best I've ever eaten, and my second was supposed to be the veggie, but I got cheese.  My friend got the lamb dish and it was delicious as well.  We really would all have ordered another beer too, but the server never came back until we were done with our meal!  When she brought the bill, we had been charged twice for the guacamole!
I would go back, because everything I ate was delicious.  However, the kitchen and wait staff need to get their act together!I loved the atmosphere and ambiance.  The food was 4 out of 5.  However, the service left a lot to be desired.  It took over 4 hours to get through the meal, and I had to find the server on my way out to pay- it probably would have taken 5 hours had I waited on him to come and get the check.  I don't think I will be back. It's sad because this place has so much potential.I've been wanting to come here for months. I had an opportunity to eat here and enjoy hearing a flamenco guitarist and watching a beautiful flamenco dancer @ Sunday brunch. This is a beautiful place and I will be back.Went during opening week and had a great experience! Yes, there were new restaurant issues (e.g., kitchen was backed up) but service was great and the food and drinks were awesome! Will definitely be back soon. Be patient while they get off of their feet and you'll be well rewarded!I'd had my eye on Casa Borrega for a while, since I pass it every day on my way home. I wasn't sure what it was at first or when/if it was open. I finally got the chance to check it out during the first in the Fat Pop-up Series, a joint venture between Casa Borrega, the Fat Falafel Food Truck and My House NOLA.
If you don't know where it is, you'll really need to keep your eyes open to find it. It is in a renovated house with quite a small sign out front.We went with our 2  year old grandson for lunch. Very kid friendly. We ate on the patio. Lots of fun looking at the decor. The service was excellent. Our grandson liked the beans and rice and the flan. We ate Quesadillas, beans and rice, plantains. and flan. Excellent lunch. Thank youVery good, the power went out in our neighborhood and there was power in Central City, so we decided to give it a try..and great food and had a fresh taste !Was truly excited to come here. Especially the transformation that's happening on Oretha Castle. The restaurant is absolutely beautiful, the decor,  and the court yard are impeccable. The live music, and the feel of the atmosphere was all there....the only thing that wasn't was the food. Which I guess is the whole point? The tamales were okay, the taco platter I had was painfully bland, as was the rice, the beans, and the enchilada. The fried plantain desert was embarrassing and not very edible. I could see myself enjoying a beer here while to listening to the music, but that's it.So unfortunately I have to downgrade this place from my original review. I went here for the 2nd time a few months ago on a Saturday night for my birthday and NO TACOS ON THE MENU. What?! Why did they take them off?! Also enchiladas were't really as good the 2nd time around...We ordered the lamb tacos and the fish tacos, loved the atmosphere the courtyard is beautiful, great music and friendly/funny staff, he was the one operating the fantastic music. Definitely coming back for the drinks an the atmosphere.Felt compelled to write a review for this place because in no way is this a 3.5 place. They put a lot of work and creativity into their food to build authentic tastes. And the staff has always been very attentive and kind. I think maybe it has gotten a bad rap for what appears to be two reasons: price and service. I don't really understand the latter. And regarding the former I think sometimes you are willing to pay a bit more for something that's simply a bit better. It's just weird because every spot in New Orleans is like 4 or 4.5 and jacked up by tourists. This is a locals spot and the locals can't help out a good spot. So I'll give em 5 to boost the score because I think this is a solid 4-4.5.The food was good. The atmosphere was great. The menu was not very extensive. I don't think the tortillas were handmade, but didn't ask. It was a bit expensive; Mexican food is oddly more expensive on this side of the country. My drink was not quite right - way too much soda. I would stay away from the cocktail menu next time. I'll go again, but with lesser expectations. There is nothing on the menu that is not pretty simple to make yourself at home, if you know anything at all about Mexican food. For that reason, I'm not super impressed.Not wonderful actually.  Ask for Sangria and you'll be accosted by an owner (?) who will "school" you as to why they don't have it.  Also, after your Sangria disappointment don't give up alcohol and ask for iced tea with your dinner.  Apparently they only have iced tea at lunch and not dinner.  Oh and how can I forget about the 45 MINUTE WAIT FOR THE FOOD.  Won't be returning.I walked in to apply from seeing an ad on Craigslist, walked in and the owner's son was rude and not paying attention to our conversation. I understand he was busy, but he could have told me to come at a later time. 
I decided to sit and try out the food. I ordered torta al pastor and tacos de pibil, I've had better and the meat in the torta was all fatty!! Trust me, I have had plenty of GOOD homemade Mexican food, and delicious restaurant Mexican food. I found a piece of wrapper paper in my torta and instead of the tacos de pibil I received the tacos al pastor. The tacos de pibil were NOTHING like pibil, it lacked so much flavor.  I'm a Master's of Public Health candidate, so I like my food clean! As we all do. The cooks don't use hair nets and the pans looked rusty and not up to health standards. They looked like pans they pulled out the pans from home to use.
NOT TO MENTION, ONE OF THE COOKS WAS NOT WEARING APPROPRIATE CLOTHING! Shorts and sandals? REALLY?AMAZING FOOD, great drinks, friendly service, and fun atmosphere. So glad my sister took us here!!!
We ate:
Guac and chips
Chorizo queso
tamales del dia
Alambre
Esquites
Platanos
We drank:
Mojito
NOLA Borrega
El Diablo
And Cadillac Margarita
I recommend eating family style, so everyone can try everything! 
Ada, our server, was awesome and fun!!!!!!Congratulations to Casa Borrega! Making Mexican food extremely expensive is a novel concept, which I have never previously encountered. And they seem to have convinced quite a few people (including myself) to shell out 16 dollars and up for simple entrees fairly indistinguishable from any other restaurant. And that's just the entree. God forbid you want a drink. Cause the snobby waiter who's already judging you for being the only non-yuppie in the restaurant will not look kindly on you ordering a corona instead of a 12 dollar cocktail. 
Has good decor, and nice back porch, but for the price of my meal, I should have received at minimum a trip to Mexico.I want to like this place, and I will go back again in after 6 months.  Love the structure, the decorations, the feeling that a new orleans mansion was built in a Mexican silver city.  greeted on entry by live, authentic, energetic music.  The vibe of this place is uniquely spot-on, and worth checking out for that and just a few drinks or apps. 
so i take issue with the team.  i generally liked the food, didnt love it, and felt it was a bit overpriced, but liked it and liked the variety on the menu.  I would like to see more for the price, not larger portions but maybe some side items that show off what the staff can do.  it was like ordering a la carte, but the prices were too high to experiment.  ok back to the team, the waiter seemed frazzled by simple things.  I was dissuaded from ordering more guac because i didn't want to put him over the edge (but they should want to sell more food).  i ordered a featured cocktail, and after some period of time would have been happy with any cocktail, or beer, or anything.  i consitered alout going to the bar, but then was told 'drinks are coming RIGHT up :)' and waited, the food came out, i finished eating, and still waited...then all of the sudden there it was!  and i liked it, but wouldn't order another i might never get it.  
So, I did like what I got just not the things I felt I didn't get, variety for the price, and the opportunity/time to receive things i wanted to buy and try out.  I guess I left a few things on the menu because of inadequate access to them.  Please fix. I will come back.We dined with a large group in the back patio. The decor is really nice, and I really liked the feel of the place. The live music was also a nice treat. Everything else - however - was extremely disappointing. We ordered the tacos and they were very small and extremely dry. You only get 3, and if I'm not mistaken they were somewhere between $12 - $14. I'm not sure if we were supposed to get sides with them, but we didn't. They were also not warm. Our server was completely scatterbrained. He said they were "slammed" though there were several empty tables around us and the other servers didn't seem to be hurrying at all. He took our food order, and when I politely asked for more chips he got very snippy with me, saying "Honey - I'll get them when I can get them" in a very condescending manner. It wasn't like I had asked him several times. I'd only asked him the one time. Then he came back to take our drink order (yes, after the food order) We ordered and our drinks didn't arrive until AFTER our food arrived and then they were both the wrong drinks. The bartender had to come and serve the correct drinks. I also didn't find the drinks to be worth the price, nor were they particularly delicious. I don't think I'll be returning until I start hearing good things about this place. We were warned, but I always go into a new place with lots of patience, as I had waited tables for several years in college. It seems they've been open long enough now to have smoothed over a lot of these issues. It was very disappointing to pay such a high price for less-than-amazing tacos, a rude server, and drinks that take an hour to arrive.The place is very cool, there is neat stuff all over the restaurant. Our waitress was absolutely adorable and so sweet and the food was different but delicious.Casa Borrega is my favorite traditional Mexican restaurant in the city. It's the coolest place too. I've been a few times, but yesterday I went for lunch and the menu had changed a bit since the last time I was there about a year ago. There was of course chips and salsa, which I really enjoyed. The chips were nice and hot and you get a nice serving of both red and green salsas. As long as there was that awesome mole on the menu I was happy, and there it was as an option for filling in either a quesadilla, the tostadas or the tacos. I of course got the quesadilla because of my passion for all things cheese. It was amazing as I expected, but I think my favorite thing I ate was the black beans. Oh wow! How do they get them so creamy!!  One last note, it was really cold in there, and I told my server about it being so cold, and do you know what he did? He brought me the space heater and put it right at my feet. Now that is some star earning power! If only more places were that accommodating of my chronic coldness in the winter time. Maybe I need to take one of those with me everywhere I go! Lol!!The pork tenderloin is a must, MUST have!!!!  
The interior screams Latin-NOLA style.  You can tell the place is different just by looking at the outside.  The sign isn't your typical signage.  Make sure to check out the metal work on the left side of the building.  Also, make sure you scope out Hugo's truck.  Speaks volumes as to what to expect when you walk through the door.  Hugo, his wife Linda and the entire staff we warming and welcoming which one would expect from a Mexican establishment.  I LOVE the interior!!!  The architectural details which I am assuming are mostly from the Green Project and other local salvage places.  Religious art, posters, albums, guitars, metal concert shirts... it was all eye candy to me.  The bathrooms were lined with recycled old wood from houses either kept in it's state when found or sanded down a bit.  And FINALLY a sensible Euro-toilet in this city!  
There was a Latin jazz band playing on a small stage in the corner.  Hugo and Linda showed off their made dancing skills.  Very impressive. Having a live band play really adds to the authentic flare!  
Our waitress was eager, but not real accurate at first.  I ordered one of my old fave's, a Caipirinha, the waitress talked one of my friends into ordering the drink special and my other friend ordered a Corona.  She brought me some that wasn't a Caipirinha.  The drink special was waaaay to strong.  So we switched drinks.  Unfortunately, one of the drinks was served in a super tall glass with a straw that wasn't nearly long enough... so we pitched the straw.  Then, instead of a Corona, my friend was brought a completely different beer.  The waitress replaced it with a Corona.  We just rolled with it, but it was a bit crazy for a sec.  She handled it well though.  No more hiccups after that.
We decided to order three different dishes and we'd share all of it. The food ordered was fish tacos, chicken flautas and the pork tenderloin and share.  I started with the fish taco... which was snapper, if memory serves me correct.  I have to say it was one of the best fish tacos I've ever had.  You get two good sized whole wheat tortillas with generous portions scoped on top your typical taco.   The only downside was they only give you a tiny scope of guacamole which the dish really needs to have that to complete the layers of flavors.  Next I had the chicken flautas.  Hate to say, but I'm not a fan.  I'm used to another places flautas which are super crispy, full of flavor and not greasy.  The tortillas were way to think so it wasn't very crispy but definitely greasy.  Because the shell wasn't crispy it was difficult to bite off a piece and even more difficult chewing.  The chicken filing was one note... chicken.  No seasoning flavors whatsoever.  The filing should be savoy.  This dish definitely needs a little tweeking.  The upside to this dish was it was easy to split because there were three.   The best dish by far was the pork tenderloin.  The dish consists of two large pieces of pork that were tender and juicy covered in a wonderful sauce with smoked apples and potatoes on top.  I thought we were going to start fighting over the plate it was so good.  The portion size is so generous there was enough to bring home.  We stuffed ourselves so much we didn't have any room for dessert. 
Before leaving we peeked out back at the small patio.  I can see myself hanging out there a lot in the coming fall.  I used to live across the street and moved last November.  Oooh those lucky people who DO live across the street.  
Job well done Hugo, Linda and your staff!!!  CHEERS!Been 3 times and every time we have had a blast! The food is good and the drinks are great. But what makes this place great is the ownership and staff! Great people and very friendly! If you are looking for a friendly environment with great music, food, and drinks this is your place!First things first, this place was PACKED!!! We came here on a Saturday night, and this joint was POPPIN'!!. We were immediately greeted and and given a table with menus to look at at. Our server Eli (?) was so friendly and helpful. I wanted to put him in my pocket and take him home with me!! We had no idea what to order and he told us about the different menu options and pointed us in the right direction. A+ for all of the service---there were only two or three waiters that we saw, and they handled everything perfectly and with a smile to boot! 
The food and drinks were a little pricey on their own, but there was such a good ambiance, great live music, and smooth drinks. The trinkets in the dining room alone are worth the money---it's like a museum in there! I can't complain, and I'll be back again!Friendly service and good drinks but avoid the food.  Shrimp was over cooked, al pastor not tender, and overall bland.Been here a few times now and it seems things have gone downhill. My $10 drink came in a glass that was about the same size as my contact lens case. Drinks also came with no straws and were not mixed well. Mine was practically undrinkable to the point that I almost sent it back (and I never do this). Out waiter was extremely inattentive, despite the fact that there were just two other parties sitting out on the patio that evening. Never brought us water, waited 15 minutes to take our order after we said "we need just another minute or so, we are just going to pick an appetizer". When we ordered chips and salsa, it took another 15-20 to appear. Utterly confusing when this place was totally dead.Delicious food, amazing outdoor atmosphere - feels like a party. This is exactly the kind of place that NOLA needs.Our first visit and it did not disappoint!!  We had a late Saturday lunch (unaware that they close from 3-5 so we were lucky we weren't any later - too bad for the folks that came just as our food was being served!) and it was delicious.  Started with house-made tostadas fried crisp along side sides of guacamole, smoky red salsa, and a green tomatillo sauce - all we're very good.  Jess took good care of us - she is G.M., bartender, and waitstaff, as needed.  My husband had fish tacos and smoked pork tacos - he could not decide which was his favorite (but was leaning towards the fish but only because I was forcing him to choose!), as they were both wonderful, and no skimping on the fillings in either!  I chose the chicken mole enchiladas, and boy am I glad I did!  The three enchiladas were equally stuffed full of white chicken meat and covered in a savory dark chocolately sauce full of spicey goodness!  Jess told us the menu changes based on what is seasonal and fresh so we'll have to go back for dinner sometime soon!This place rocked when it opened but has gone severely downhill. Spotty service, mediocre food for very high prices.So the long story is that I dined at CB 10 days ago. My server lost my credit card after charging it. She was busy and I've worked in service 25 years, 18 of that in food/beverage. NBD, it was a mistake. But how the management handled it was appalling. 
It took a day for anyone to send me the requested photo of cut up card (card was found during closing). I asked that they pay the $5 charge my bank was charging me for a new card. That took 10days. 
Management emailed to apologize, great. Thanks. Then sent me a 15% off next order coupon. 15%, I tip 25+%. 15% covers taxes and maybe a couple bucks. 
I spent an hour on the phone to correct this. I spent an hour at the bank having to correct this. I spent an hour or two changing the numbers to all my direct withdrawal accounts. 15%. Thanks. But no thanks.Writing this when this incredibly good restaurant has 3.5 stars! Unbelievable. 
I went here with a Mexican friend of mine who swears by this place. Tacos were incredible and enchilada was incredible. Server was really nice as well. A Mexican family owns the place which is definitely a good thing.Very happy with this place. I had the big sample platter. Everything was great.  I would come back just for the tamales. So good.First time trying this place out. The exterior is so funky New Orleans it's hard to miss. They have an old truck out front with an open sign and the revived shotgun house could easily be a studio instead of restaurant. We walked in and were greeted by the sounds of an excellent bossa nova band playing. Friendly bartender sat us outside in what I can only describe as the most beautiful courtyard I've seen in New Orleans to date. I'm on. Temp phone now so I couldn't take pictures but please take my word on it:
Date night? Go here
Celebration: go here
The food was great, not the most life changing meal but everything my party ordered was well presented, flavorful, and hot. Their chips and salsa was excellent and their choriqueso had more flavor than just white queso sauce and pan cooked chorizo. 
One star off because service had a small lull at times but she was still very polite and fun to talk to when we had her. I'm going to check this place out more often.They are terrible I waited 10 minutes and still no one acknowledged my presence. Originally we called ahead to see if we could get a reservation for 7 people and they said they only took reservations for 10 or more. After I was finally acknowledged they said the person I spoke to earlier was mistaken and that they do take reservations. So before even being seated already really bad experience. Doesn't matter how good the food is if they can't get their staff organized and on the same page.First, I have a lot of respect for entrepreneurs that locate their business on Oretha Castle Haley Blvd today.  Any effort to restore this area to its former glory, if not something even better, should be applauded because with the right development, this area could be something very special.  
Second, I'm somewhat biased when it comes to Mexican food because I've spent enough time in Mexico and grew up in Texas so I know the difference between authentic Mexican and Tex-Mex.  
Third, 5 years ago getting good Tex-Mex or Mexican food in New Orleans was just not happening (please don't chime in saying, what about Superior Grill?  Look, I went there once and after they charged me $11 for the standard margarita in a plastic cup and served me fajitas that came with 3 tortillas; I never went back).  Today, Mexican food in New Orleans is a different story so there is competition but at the same time I'm always glad to at least have options.
Now my review.  The decor is unique and interesting, yes this is very true.  Moving on to the service.  Look, don't look surprised if they just say, 'how bout that table?'   OK, we've all been to places like this so deal with it.  
Next, the Menu.  Libations are the first thing on the menu so you would think that 'Oh hey, they place a very high regard for their drinks here, they should be good!'  No, that's not the case at all.  They place them first so that you'll order a crazy expensive drink, get a little tipsy, then not realize how much your final bill is. (just wait, more on this later).  Ordered the House and Cadillac margaritas.  $11 and $14 respectively.  You'd think that for $3 more, the Cadillac would be something unique and exciting.  Not only was it neither, but the bar tender had to yell out to our waiter which drink was which because the Cadillac looks exactly like the house margarita.  Huh... ok, maybe the presentation is the same, but I'm sure the flavors will just knock our socks off.   We couldn't taste any difference in the drinks except that the House was solid tequila.  On the scale of 1 to 10 of margaritas I've had in life, these ranked around a 4 or maybe 5.  Loading a margarita with more tequila doesn't really make the drink 'great' unless you're a tourist in Mazatlan at senior frogs and you just want to get loaded.  Yeah, I've done that... but I don't want to do this on a Saturday afternoon in New Orleans. 
The Food.  Since we arrived in between lunch and dinner, we wanted something light and simple; a small plate perhaps.  Ordered the tacos and guacamole.  The tacos were authentic Mexican tacos; ones you'd find in food trucks at 2AM in Mexico City or Monterrey.  These tacos were on par with the best.  Good job.
The Guac was very good as well and went great with their salsa which has a smokey vibe to it, very filling.  
When we got our check, I noticed we were overcharged for the tacos and Guac (overcharged by a dollar for each).  I don't work in the restaurant industry but I would imagine in this day and age where everything is electronic and you just tap a screen to put in an order, the computer should know the prices.  The place wasn't even busy so a quick look over of the bill before giving it to us would be doable.  Sadly, we had to take this mistake out of the waiters tip.  
Look, I had very high expectations for this place and I'm sure when there is live music playing; this would be a great place to take a date or your wife if you're in the mood for Mexican food.  If you're looking for just the food part of that equation but without dropping a somewhat crazy amount of change, go to Tacos and Beer.  You'll get the same tacos, better margaritas and walk out with gas money.  Ok Casa Borrega, come out with a food trunk version and cut your prices in half, then we'll talk.some of the most authentic mexican cuisine in town. lengua, churros, flan, tequila, etc. totally fantastic.  happy hour starts at lunch time and they feature live music some nights tooSuper yummy authentic cuisine. The sweetest waitress. Fun colorful atmosphere. Little pricey but delish!Beautiful! Delicious! Warm, Inviting Atmosphere! Delicious food! I loved the veggie tamales and fish tacos! Bomb margarita! GO!Best Cinco de Mayo block party in New Orleans! 
Casa Borrega is a really cute restaurant in Central City. I haven't yet been there for a regular meal. However, I went to their annual Cinco de Mayo block party and it was SO much fun! From the live music to the divine carnitas to the perfect margaritas, I couldn't have asked for a better evening.This place looks amazing, and has brilliant decor, but I wasn't impressed with the food, and it's super pricey. The look of the place brought me and my little family in, but we won't be returning. Our bill was over $60 bucks, and that's with no drinks. My 4 year old daughter had a "child cheese quesadilla" and it was $9.50 alone..So crazy! We eat out all over the city, and I've never seen a child's plate that pricey before, especially for a cheese quesadilla...We don't mind paying for great food, but this place wasn't quite worth the wait or the price. Maybe try it out if you're just looking for a margarita..My review stands. My $10 drink (yes, it was ten dollars after tax), came in a small glass. It may have been "vintage", but it was small. This was not during a crowded time, as the owner suggested. This was at 8pm on Monday or Tuesday. 
Maybe if the management spends less time second-guessing the less-than-stellar reviews left by its clientele, their food and drinks would be better. Docking a star for the Spanish Inquisition-style approach to following up on negative feedback.rating ------00000000
do not visit this place, over prized, worse customer service, horrible mix driks, both owners are very unprofessional especially "hugo" he's very obnoxious, rude, and vulgar. horrible experience. do not dine here, carreta's restaurant on veterans hwy is 100% better than this eatable over rated meal. being served by the bartender whom was clueless about the menu tells you something. we gave them the benefit of the doubt and unfortunately the experience was a nightmare. be careful with reviews from this place. do not dine here because you will regret it!!!!!Love the owner Mr. Hugo!!!! They are right in central City and down the street from my job. A bit pricey, but it's worth it. They have some great ceviche and sauces. The drinks are good too. Staff is really nice and attentive when needed. They also have a cool patio area.So, we read the reviews and really wanted to check this place out. We Pass it all the time and wondered if it was good. 
I like the laid back atmosphere and music. After reading the history of the place,  everything fits. We had 2 Cadillac margaritas, no salt, and they were good; a tad sweet, but good.  I had the flautas and rashly liked them. They were just like flautas from the street vendors in Mexico. My partner had the mole enchiladas de pollo. The mole was good,  but slightly sweeter than I'm used to in Central American cooking.
Please remember this is NOT a tex mex place.   They don't have frozen drinks,  refried beans or chimichangas. This is autentico mexicano.On the plus side, this place offers a nice atmosphere with quirky decor in an old converted shotgun. The menu has variety, and the food is fresh, and it's commendable that they've renovated a place in a Central City neighborhood desperate for revitalization. 
For the major downsides, see the inflated and sometimes misleading prices on the menu. I recently ate there with a friend. We each ordered one cocktail and fish tacos (3 tacos each, no sides). The bill came out to $58 before tip!  $17 for 3 modest  fish tacos is highway robbery, plain and simple. No order of fish tacos without sides is worth $17, period, and these were relatively bland and dry with a very small filet of red fish overpowered by cabbage and mango. Add to it that the menu said "+$1 for fish or shrimp tacos," which is misleading because they meant $1 per taco. Why not just say "+$3 for fish or shrimp tacos" since you don't even serve them individually?
I ordered a "Hemingway" cocktail with Flor de Cana rum. It was well-poured, but it was listed on the menu for $9 and was added as $11 on the bill. I was too annoyed by the extra $4 on the tacos to quibble over another $2, but overall I walked away feeling basically robbed paying almost $70 for a meal that should have been $40 or less.
Not bad, not great, definitely overpriced!We met the owner who is from Mexico and therefore this is a true Authentic Mexican spot.
And you know what, they backed it up serving us one of the best meals in town.
First, the margaritas were well made and delicious.  And the owner came out and offered us smooth Tequila....Great guy!
The chips and salsa was so so good!
The food along with the desserts were delicious and tasty.
****A GREAT SPOT TO EAT AND HANG*****
Go and enjoy!I cannot say enough good things about Casa Borrega. We went around 9 pm on Ash Wednesday and happened to be the last table in the restaurant. Despite our late arrival, the owner and staff were very accommodating. Prompt, friendly service and amazing food will bring us back. The tacos were on point (certainly better than some of the other "taquerias" uptown), salsa was smoky and spicy, and my Paloma was excellent. It was pricier than I like Mexican food to be, but they seem to have fine-tuned the menu and service issues that other reviewers have had. The décor was really cool and off-the-wall. In addition to the Dia de las Muertos decorations and sugar skulls, the interior featured an oddball VHS collection (that frankly looked like it belonged in my home) and movie posters. The owner, Hugo, showed us around the restaurant and patio after dinner; he was incredibly friendly and clearly passionate about his business. They have live music several nights a week during the warmer months, so we'll be hanging out on that patio come springtime. If I had more stars to give, they'd have gotten six.This my go to spot for Taco Tuesday any day of the week.  Always a some great live music. Great patio out back.The live Latin music and attentive service puts this place a notch above most Hispanic restaurants. Food was well prepared, hearty, and more Central American than Mexican. The music was live by a small
Ensemble of guitar, sax, and vocal.  Venezuelan, Brazilian torch songs, boss snova. Nead a hearty soup, but saw other dishes that looked good to.  More Focussed on small plat and a la carte offerings than most Hispanic restaurants.  Service was attentive, despite being packed. Nobly downside was it was difficult to hear the music over the background of insipid conversation. Need a nice back patio, a choice for my next visit. Nearly ng felt safe and easy to find.Horrible experience, worse customer service I've ever experienced. The owner Hugo, shouldn't own a business. OVER PRICED, STAY AWAY! Carretas in Metairie is 100% better for sure.I love this place. It was my first time here and it didn't disappoint. Iris, the bartender, has a drink named after her and because of it, I will forever be a patron.incredible, beautiful. period. the best restaurant in new orleansCute interior, tasty drinks, a little $$. Tasty food. Both times I went here, there was some kind of hiccup about the courtyard or seating.I got to visit Casa Borrega for the first time on their first Sunday brunch. We rolled in around 1pm and had coffee and eggs. My dining companion's migas were excellent and my huevos rancheros were the best I've had in Louisiana. Our blue corn grits were good if you like grits- if you aren't a grits fan they won't win you over. I had to borrow my dining partner's corn tortilla to sop up all the wonderful red sauce that came with my huevos. I was even impressed by the black beans- after years of disappointing black beans at Santa Fe and Felipe's, there's finally someone in town that can make black beans that aren't dry and depressing. 
There was a guitar player in the corner of the charming dining room the whole time we ate, and I hope Casa Borrega continues utilizing live music to draw in customers. The owner introduced himself to us toward the end of the meal, he was handsome, warm and genuinely interested in how our food was. This city is in desperate need of good sit-down Mexican food, and we owe it to ourselves as local diners to support Latin American cuisine whenever we can.  Everyone is saying OC Hailey is going to be the next Freret in terms of the dining scene- check Casa Borrega out before it becomes huge.Have you been searching for that neighborhood joint with a Funky Vibe? Look no further.  From the vintage pick-up truck parked out front flashing an open sign to the Donald Trump piñata leading the way to the unisex restroom, Casa Borrega has brought the funk. 
We dropped in on a recent Wednesday night, and good thing we were the first to arrive, as about twenty minutes later the place was packed. 
Breaking it down: 
* Funky. Quirky décor.
* Funky. LOUD. Live music.
* Excelente. Guac and salsa (the red salsa was thick and smoky- delicioso). 
* Excelente. Service. Sassy, welcoming and efficient.
* Buena. Margaritas. Cadillac & House. Fresh,  good (I'm a hard-to-please tequila drinker). 
* Buena. Food. Overall we all enjoyed our meals. Some more than others.   
* Enjoyed: Good Company. Good Drinks. Good Food. 
And did I mention LOUD...I mean Live music!!Last time i had visited Casa Borrega, the food & drinks were outstanding, despite slow & inconsistent service, the food & drink quality always made up for poor service. Simple, rustic & authentic home cooked fresh mexican food, from the Baja peninsula to the mountain regions of central Mexico...that was about a year ago. 
Since then, the food & drink quality has changed & not for the good. A slow downward spiral. The service quality, from bad to horrible. Where do these people come from? Under rocks?
We came in as a party of 3, 2 others joined as we were well into dinner already, asked for a separate check, server told us they do not split checks, fine, ok. We checked off what we ordered & gave him cash. He told us he doesn't do the math & told us to write the dollar amount for items consumed. REALLY?! Isnt that part of your job, you are the server, thats why they call it service industry, We paid our portion in cash & gave him gratuity on what we thought was appropriate. We ended the evening at that. 
Half an hour later, i get a call from my friends who joined us late for dinner & questioned the bill, The waiter presented a NEW check, w/o any markings from the original, as to what was already paid  by us & Leaving his party responsible to pick up the remainder of the check. A classic example of over billing...sneaky & very unprofessional.
Despite our horrible service experience, Casa Borrega, has great funky & eclectic character & great potential to do very very well. Lots of ample parking, nice dining room & a very very charming patio dining room...Its just needs the right honing, a talented team, dedicated staff & key management to keep it together & on the map.We've decided we'll wait for our trips back to Texas to order margaritas. Can't find a good margarita in this city anywhere and I've been looking over 2 years now. Very disappointing. And who charges for chips and salsa? The chips taste stale to boot. Friendly staff - disappointing drinks and food and very very loud. Need sound absorbers....‍This is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I want to give it 5 stars so badly, but after 2 years of operation, quality of service is still spotty. Still, eating here is worth the wait to get seated. Grab a drink at the bar -- cocktails are creative and delicious. Eat some delicious guac. And try to sit out on the patio. I love the aesthetic of the interior, but you can't beat the experience of the live music on the patio. It feels like a tropical vacation. (Disclaimer: it's pretty loud!) but seriously, every single dish is delicious. Also, I'm a vegetarian and I'm always impressed with their veggie dishes. A veg quesadilla is one of my favorites. My meat-eating boyfriend highly recommends the pozole.I just cannot get enough of Casa Borrega!! The most authentic Mexican food outside of Mexico City. We have done lunch, dinner and even brunch a few times. The enchiladas mole and the guacamole are incredible! Had Huevos today and the fresh juiced Bloodies were spectacular. Owners and staff are all very accommodating!!!Mole mole mole!!! Any questions about what to order pastor and MOLE!  
So good will be back, on my trip from Los Angeles,CA  to Panama City,FL had to drop here and some other places.
The environment of this local restaurant compliments the food by far!5 star  for fresh real.Mexican cusine with great cocktails. The decor is very busy but I liked it. Photos of Freda Khalo and jazz musicians, maps of journeys of colonial murderers like Columbus. 
The food was excellent. I had lamb with tortillas and my spouse had a seafood dish.  Both delicious. In the evenings there is live Latin jazz rather loud as its a small.place but funStellar atmosphere. Awesome owners. Food was great (mine could have warmer though). Really great place in an area of nola that needs it.I keep seeing the reference to San Antonio, but no mention of Carne Guisada ??  Very disappointing!!   I can't find this anywhere in New Orleans or Houston either.Went for dinner last night.  The food was good and the service great.  Highly recommend the guacamole!   The chile rellanos were very good, as we're the rice and beans. Will return to this lovely little restaurant!Only giving this place 2 stars because the food wasn't bad. The service however....don't get me started!! They seated us at a two-top and the table was wobbly. They fixed that. We ordered 2 drinks, an appetizer and 2 entrees (the food isn't cheap by Nola standards so this wasn't a small check) and about 25 minutes after we were seated we started to get glared at by our waitresses! We were still eating and drinking when one of the waitresses brought 2 boxes over for our leftovers (even though we were still eating) and another brought over the check. When we left the check to sit because we were still working on our food and drinks (never offered a dessert menu either), the waitress walked over and had the gall to stare at the check before asking if we were okay. When I responded that we were still working on our drinks she walked away in a huff. Another waitress came over to tell us that she needed our table for an 8pm reservation (it was 7:59pm) and could move us to a table in the back.....we responded that we would like to speak with the manager, who was not particularly fluent in English and didn't diffuse the situation well at all, though he did end up giving us 50% off. For a meal that was initially overpriced for Nola standards, horrible service (who goes out to eat to get stared at???) and ultimately a 50 minute meal, do yourself a favor and don't go! Juan's on Magazine, Jonny Sanchez, Rum House and Felipe's are much better for a casual Saturday night meal. We will definitely not be returning!This was the 2nd time I went.  My friends and I sat at the bar.  It was Nov 1 and the bartender was slammed.  But she offered the best and nicest service I've seen.  I can't think of when I've seen someone work so hard under so much pressure, and she still got our drinks to us very quickly.  We had chicken mole enchiladas and they were magnificent.  The mole was some of the best I've had.  This place has it all.  Best atmosphere, best food, best employees.  Wonderful experience.GO EAT HERE! Such good food / atmosphere / and incredibly friendly staff. Family place with amazing food. Might be my favorite place in nola. Can't recommend it enough.The inside of this place alone is amazing. It's like a mexican restaurant meets a rustic bar. The patio they have outside is lovely with beautiful lights everywhere. The night we went they had a band and it was one of the more relaxing restaurant atmospheres I've been in. The reason for the 4/5 is for the service, which was a little slow and inattentive at times.
One of the few authentic Mexican places here in NOLA. (another would be Taqueria guerrero which I would give a 5/5). I loved their tacos, specifically their fish-simple but flavorful at it should be. My friend got their tostadas which looked just as impressive, so I'll get that the next time. Also,their beans are seriously on point. Not the crap you would get out of a can that are served at other Mexican places.  I know a lot of people have raved about the ceviche but it just didn't do it for me.  The portion was generous but i thought it needed more lime and I kept tasting an overwhelming chili powder taste. I think they have a lot more choices than most Mexican places and a nice cocktail menu. Overall, I look forward to going back. I think they have a lot more choices on their menu than most Mexican places as well as a nice cocktail menuAuthentic is a term often bandied about and even more often misused. Casa Borrega is authentic, no mistake. Hugo and wife serve up pan-Mexican food by way of Mexico City of a homemade quality. This is not Mexican street food. This is food for if you love Mexico. The cook is from Puebla but the mole is of Oaxacan quality, the Pibil pays homage to the Mayans, and the guacamole, beans, and rice are excellent. Tacos are superb and anything with fried masa, well, get that. Come hungry, get soused. My new favorite restaurant.Fun nights! 
         Delicious Tex-Mex/ Mexican food, probably the best in the city.  And dancing exactly when it is right.  The bartenders and waitstaff are so super friendly and thoughtful. Owners too. 
         LOVE the decor, and the "OPEN" sign in the truck outside. 
Thanks Casa Borrega! We love the OCH area!I set reservation for a party of 25-30 ppl. I even exchange emails with the owners wife and she said they would be more than happy to  accomdate  such a large crowd, but when my guest started to arrive the owner said he didn't have know where to sit my guest and he had been holding tables since 7pm waiting on my party, but keep in mind my party didn't start til 8pm. The service was so horrible that several of my guest didn't eat including myself and the drinks came out 45 mins after we place an order. It gets better, the owner himself came out to my guest and just went completely off on one of my guest b/c he ask for crown on the rocks and told him he doesn't carry such an inexpensive brand ( excuse me Crown Royal) and went as far to tell my party he is a true Mexican flinging his hair saying u don't come across a real mexican like him and that there food is the real thing. He went as far as telling us this is not Taco Bell are Tex Mex. One of the waitresses was so damn rude to us, such a horrible experience for my birthday dinner.  The owner even told us in his unprofessional rant that he did't even want such a large party there anyway, but his wife always trying to please everyone ( Umm, I think that's how u want to be with opening a new business and to gain more business by word of mouth). I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND ANYONE TO PATRONIZE THIS UNPROFESSIONAL WANNA BE BUSINESS, EVER!!!!! WORSE WORSE EXPERIENCE IN LIFE!!!!!!I was at an event that had food from here. The guacamole and salsa were delicious and the chips were fresh. There was also vegetarian quesadillas that were pretty tasty. Soooo, I inquired about where the food was from and found out about Casa Borrega. I made my way over this past weekend just for the guac and salsa. I was a little dissapointed because it was $10 for a pint sized container and chips. I was expecting to pay about $7. Also, the guac was not exactly the way I remembered it. It seemed more like a mashed up avocado with some cilantro leaves in it. I don't know if it was a different chef because the first time was Thursday evening and the second time was Saturday morning. I might go again and dine in and see what I think. Hopefully I will enjoy it more and update my review.The place has a funky vibe. The food is good, this is my second time there and I've had the torta and tacos. It's a little pricey for lunch with up-charges. 
The waitress there has always been great. Another downside is it seems rather warm in the building.