What a pleasant surprise to find an authentic Guatemalan restaurant in uptown New Orleans!  The food was delicious with rich, earthy flavors (not spicy) and fresh ingredients.  Can't wait until they expand the menu, hopefully adding Guatemalan tamales at some point soon!  The service was excellent as well.  The only quibble I have is the corkage fee if you want to bring your own wine or beer.  This feels like they want the customer to pay for their lack of a liquor license.  I know it's only temporary, but it would be more gracious and customer friendly to allow BYOB without a corkage fee.Authentic, affordable, and amazing. Will definitely be back. 
We had the ceviche special (perfect flavor); the tostada sampler (tasty) to start. I had vegetarian Jocon. My fiancé got the churrasco plate which was huge for $20. We brought a bottle of wine ($5 corkage fee) and for all that we spent $70 with tip.
Andres was great!Wow! I went there yesterday evening with friends and was initially blown away by the guacamole: the best I've ever had anywhere, and I'm a major guac lover. Then came the tostados, followed by a wonderfully flavorable enchilada, and all the while the restaurant was filling up, and this was at 6:30 on a Wednesday. Maybe the happy laughing mood among diners was due to the BYOB policy; we brought our own wine and enjoyed ourselves immensely. The food is terrific and affordable, and by the time we'd polished off our desserts, there wasn't a single vacant table left in the place. Get here while you can still find a seat and get here early, because good word-of-mouth is bringing in diners like crazy. This little place is destined for legendary status.The trout was prepared beautifully. It was so tasty and came with rice, avocado, and a fresh tomato and onion salad. The fish could easily have passed muster at a top New Orleans restaurant for three times the price. Catalino's has joined my go to list of New Orleans restaurants.Just tried this place for lunch and it was AMAZING! It's a new place that just opened but the food is fresh and delicious and the restaurant itself is really beautiful inside. The staff is so friendly and told us that their menu will be growing as they continue their soft open. Everything is great, I can't wait to go back again!!delicious. homemade tortillas. friendly service.  delicious skirt steak.  ALL gluten free.We ordered the shrimp cerviche (delicious), guac appetizer (plentiful), and churrasco entree. The steak was ok but the accompaniments were so yummy!! Service was excellent!Went here for the first time yesterday and it was amazing! I had never tried Guatemalan food before and I am officially a fan. The staff was incredibly nice and attentive, and the food was fresh and flavorful. The one thing that was less than five stars was their margarita. Not terrible just not the most flavorful. The food and the staff more than make up for this though.Easy 5-star review. Fresh, fun and authentic. My boyfriend is Guatemalan and I've been lucky to travel to his beautiful country with him. We love enchiladas and the ones at Catalino's did not disappoint! We were heartbroken when Babylon closed but the fresh tortillas at Catalino's are a good substitute for Babylon's delicious bread. If you're looking for something other than traditional New Orleans fare, take a trip to Maple St. and let your senses enjoy the Guatemalan flavor and flare. We can't wait to go back to try some other entrees!Live in the neighborhood and decided to have lunch with my wife. Maple street is a great destination  for restaurants of many cuisines and Catalino adds Guatemala to the list. It is owned and operated by a delightful young couple cooking authentic food. The decor is festive with its paintings and music giving the experience more than just the food.  We were eating lightly so we split an appetizer of chuchito and entree of carnitas. Plenty to eat for both of us. The chuchito is Guatemala version of tamales and the caritas is served so you can eat as a tostadas or separately enjoying all the ingredients. We need to fo back since there are do many other dishes to try.Incredible Guatemalan food! The service was very friendly and the food was outstanding. Everything with corn was particularly phenomenal. They let you BYOB and do not charge corkage if you buy mixers. Hint: Share with your server. Very impressed with this place. Hope that the neighborhood supports the business so that it becomes a staple. Can't wait to go back!The service is incredible and the food is amazing. I love this place. I would recommend this restaurant.Great new addition to Maple Street!!! The food was so fresh! Our server was knowledgeable of the menu and was quick to offer a vegetarian menu which had incredible options! We really enjoyed our relaxing lunch there and can't wait to go back.We have come several times to eat here and they never disappoint. The food is authentic and made to order. The elotes loco appetizer are a great option but I haven tried a thing here that I didn't like. Definitely recommend this placeA restaurant worth going out of your way for!
Guatamalan fare using fresh ingredients and creative preparation.  Thoughtful presentation.  Menu Bos based on the recipies of the chef's Grandmother in Gatamala.  Hearty stews and tapas-like small plates with creative sauces.  Colorful and airy atnosphere using Guatamalan art and background music.  I had a K'Tchu (spelling?) that was small bits of chicken in a mint/cinnamon sauce that was delicious, unique and extraordinary.  I supplemented with a guacamole and plantain chip appetizer that hollared  "freshness!!!".  A family-run outfit that shows passion and creativity and is the epitomy of a family-run establishment.  A couple blocks off the streetcar line in on a commercial street feauring other restaurants and boutique businesses.  In a city noted for its eating estblishments, we have another one that can hold its head way up high.Catalino's is currently my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. It's frustrating to be in a city that worships food and the fancy-pants "restauranteur" culture when sometimes all you want is a casual meal at a chill family restaurant. Catalino's is this place. The owners work in the restaurant and are extremely accommodating. When they found out that our celiac/gluten-free community were flocking to them because their menu was almost entirely gluten-free, they may the effort to ensure that it became ENTIRELY gluten-free so we could feel safe, including modifying a pastry recipe to make the most incredible gluten-free fried dessert I've ever had. It's the closest thing to a beignet I've had since my celiac diagnosis. The food is very yummy as well, and fairly priced for its big servings. I've yet to leave without a to-go box (which, btw, is earth-friendly with no styrofoam). They use wheat straws for drinks for people without gluten issues, and paper straws for those with gluten issues. I really just can't emphasize how much it matters to me that the Catalino's folks strive to serve their community in every way. Oh, and did I mention the food was good? Thank you so much for such an excellent time every time.Absolutely loved it!! The food was delicious, beautifully served and good portions. We will definitely be back!! The owner was super nice and courteous. Restaurant n bathrooms were clean! We ordered Pepian, churrasco, pollo en crema, caldo de res and elotes locos!! Everything was delicious. MUST TRY!!Came here on a Wednesday night, and we were the only people in the restaurant. The menu isn't huge, and they don't serve alcohol, but the food is delicious. We had the guacamole to start - fresh, tasty and with plaintain chips! So crispy and delicious. We split the Churrasco (steak) for dinner, after reading reviews and seeing how much food it was. It was the perfect amount for two people who were mildly hungry (wouldn't be enough for two if you're a big eater or super hungry). The steak was cooked to order - perfect temp - and the whole meal was good. They also have another menu with vegetarian options. Can't wait to go back and try something else! You can also BYOB and there's a $5 cork fee (I think it was $5) but they waive the fee if you order one of their virgin mixers to go with your alcohol.What a delightful surprise! Read the menu online and it looked good. Went for lunch and was delighted by the freshness and great taste of the food - reasonably priced too. So good, I'm taking a friend there for breakfast tomorrow.Very nice atmosphere with nice artwork! The whole restaurant was very clean including the spotless bathroom shared with a laundry mat! The food was authentic and delicious! Another bonus is that the restaurant is Gluten Free which is a rare bird in Nola! I was very excited to find this gem!Catalino's has been on my list of restaurants to try since they opened. I had read great reviews and saw delicious looking photos all across Yelp, Instagram, and more. However, my experience did not live up to my expectations.
I came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch. My friend ordered the Elote Loco and Guacamole to start, and I had the Yuca con Frijoles for my entree.
-Guacamole: We both tried this and were unimpressed - there was little flavor. It was devoid of any citrus/acid, herbs, seasoning, or spice. Something I did love was that it was served with plantain chips, which were nice and crispy, instead of tortilla chips.
-Elote Loco: (DISCLAIMER: I did not try this dish) my friend had this and told me how strange the flavors were. When the menu said it was topped with a "festive garnish of various condiments," we did not expect the condiments to be ketchup and mustard. I didn't try the dish because she told me how offputting it was.
-Yuca con Frijoles: although beautiful, this dish was also somewhat bland. After asking our server for the house-made hot sauce (YUM) I started to enjoy it more. It was also served with fresh, warm, house-made tortillas which were DELICIOUS.Really great food! Stopped in for a bite and got a dish with potatoes. Was really good but a tad pricey. Will come back!We were on a gluten-free kick and this place hit the spot. We've been a few times and their meats are always cooked perfectly, the service is always excellent and they make a great margarita. 
Catalino's has made it into the rotation for us.I ordered the Churrasco's plate, such savory plate! I enjoyed every bit of it everything was very well seasoned! The service is wonderful  & so is the environment , I highly recommend this place if you would like to get a good taste of Guatemalan food!!Very tasty food with many gluten free options.  Particularly liked the plantain chips with guacamole and the $2 small tacos for Taco Tuesday.Great place to take your gluten-free friends. Excellent service, food was amazing, and their guacamole is the best in town. Hope they're able to get more employees soon to speed up the service, but this is a great family-owned restaurant. Mojitos were also yum!Yummy.  We were so happy to find this place.  Good food.  Great service and a fun menu.  The guacamole was fresh and the plantains delicious.   We tried the Horchata and the Tamarind - both lovely.  We would love to see some more veggies (that are not starch) on the Everything Green plate - like maybe a small side salad.  Overall a lovely experience and we will be back.This restaurant is beautiful and clean. Better yet, the food tastes fabulous. I have a pretty modest budget, and this place is very affordable. The man who took my order was very kind and quick. I'll definitely recommend going here to friends and family in the future.In a nice walkable area near the universities, Catalino's is a cute restaurant serving up some terrific eats. The ambiance is super cute a lot of art hung on the walls celebrating Guatemalan culture. Also the WHOLE MENU is gluten free!!!! How awesome is that? And many meals can be made low   Fodmap as well just depending on your sensitivities. Now we don't drink- but the drinks seemed super popular, with many people commenting that they were good! Food was yummy and flavorful. The tortillas for the carnitas were fresh and I got a Pollo with crema that was really good- such a rich cream sauce for being gluten free- and the chicken was good, and I'm not a chicken person! Service was friendly. Will be back- especially if eating with others who are gluten free!Guatemalan-approved! I am not Guatemalan, but I went for dinner with Guatemalans, and they approved and said the dishes were authentic. The food was definitely tasty, good portion sizes and filling, and affordable as well. The service was also great. They played marimba music, which the family greatly enjoyed.
We tried the guacamole with fried plantains, elote loco, jocon, yuca con friojoles negros, tostadas, arroz con leche, and rellenitos. All were delicious! 
Definitely recommend.My mother was born in Guatemala City, so I was beyond excited to try Catalino's - they did NOT disappoint. I have been here for a casual dinner, a birthday celebration, business lunch, a romantic dinner, and it's always just perfect, authentic, and plentiful. Guatemalan cuisine relies on simple, earthy spices, and developing the natural flavors of meats, and vegetables in particular. Catalino's does this superbly. Their tortillas are hand made to order, and unparalleled in the GNO. Their staff is courteous, knowledgeable, and attentive, the restaurant and bathroom, always spotless.Everything tastes fantastic. Guac and salsa dips were phenomenal. The platter was great, came with a lot of food, and was well priced. Margs here also very good.If you like Guatemalan food or like to try new food... this place will not disappoint!!! AMAZING!!!Lunch today at Catalino's as planned. In my career, I  traveled to Guatemala much and when I read the current reviews, I wanted to try this offering. I am happy to say it lived up to expectations - the food was fresh and prepared & tasted super well - service was prompt and courteous. We were offered a brunch and/or a regular menu offering, which was great. Two of us - retirees - split some entrees. Tostadas, Black Beans & yucca, Ceviche, salsas, tortillas, tamarindo and lemonade; very fresh and delicious.Tried something a little new tonight - Guatemalan food at Catalino's & it was great! All the drinks were freshly hand squeezed- we had a margarita and a blueberry mojito. Food was very authentic & would recommend!So fantastic! Came here the first time and it was so good I had to go back not even a week later! Wonderful staff, wonderful food!!Amazing Amazing Amazing 
Proving that gluten free doesn't have to mean taste free, the options here are guaranteed to satisfy your taste buds. The entrees are perfectly sized and are full of flavor. The only problem is my appetite wasn't large enough to try everything that I wanted. I guess I'll have to go again.We were a party of five and thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. This is high end Guatemalan cuisine, expertly prepared by a trained chef and cooking staff. Specialty Guatemalan spices are dry roasted, ground, pan sauteed and added into the sauces; you can taste the freshness of the fragrant spices. The food is healthy, fresh, and prepared to order. It did take a little time to receive our appetizers and entrees because of the exquisite preparation of the dishes. We ordered from the appetizer menu: elotes, guacamole, dobladas, and chuchitos which were all generous portions and delicious. Everyone in our group was satisfied and pleased. This was our first experience with Guatemalan food -it's nothing like Mexican cuisine nor Salvadorean cuisine. It is truly very delicious food. As our beverage we ordered the Jamaica hibiscus cold drink. It's a tart, refreshing cold red tea that is very lightly sweetened. That was a very nice change for us because in other Latin American restaurants we've been served overly sweetened Jamaica that's just way too sweet. Catalino's Jamaica was great! Our dinner entrees were: Pepian, Kak'ik, 2 orders of Carnitas, and Catalina's. The Pepian is a chicken breast served with this phenomenal toasted and ground pumpkin seed sauce with stewed mirliton; that was our group's favorite dish. The Kak'ik is very lean turkey cubes served in a red chili sauce that doesn't compare to anything we've ever had - it was delicious! Perfect for those on a clean, paleo diet.The steak Catalina's had this pickled beet relish that paired beautifully with the fresh handmade corn tortilla. All the dishes came with handmade corn tortillas. The carnitas was fried pork cubes served with black beans and sauces. We were so stuffed and the portions were generous that we did have to get to go boxes. This is an ecologically friendly restaurant because the to go boxes were not styrofoam, they were made from biodegradable and compostable containers and so were the cups to take our small amount of Jamaica with us on the drive back home. You feel so good eating the food here and you do feel good knowing that your takeout containers won't harm the environment. The wait staff is very polite and the chef himself helped bring out some of our entrees. We got to speak with him and learned about how he dry roasts the spices and all the extra steps he takes in each dish. He offers vegan options and vegetarian options - they are very accommodating to that, just speak with the wait staff. Come try this new restaurant and expect the unexpected. This is the finest Guatemalan cuisine you'll ever experience. We plan to come back and hope to save room for dessert! You will not be disappointed!This Guatemalan restaurant deserves ALL 5 STARS!!  Every dish we were served was fantastic!  The special entree, chuchitos, started off the extravaganza: a corn masa steamed bun stuffed with chicken, topped with cilantro and fresh onion rings. 
I asked for medium sweet limeade and it was right on point. My entree stew of jocón (lightly fried chicken with stewed potatoes, mirlitons, and cilantro, pleasantly spiced) disappeared with gusto. The pépian stew with sautéed green beans was also wonderful with its pumpkinseed salsa. And don't forget the plump fresh corn tortillas that thrill. 
Get over there now and treat yourself!!!Chuchitos were the special appetizer the day we went, and they are so delicious they should be on the permanent menu. Chicken pepsin, a luscious stew made with ground pumpkin seeds, green beans, and mirliton, was beautifully accompanied by rice and sliced avocado, and tortillas.  Definitely going back soon!Catalino's serves delicious, authentic Honduran cuisine. The dishes are fresh and we'll presented. There is only one menu that services both lunch and dinner. While priced reasonably for dinner, it is a bit much for lunch. The staff is pleasant. The P.O.P. is not working properly and is a continuing issue. No wifi. Glass doors are greasy and covered with handprints.Man, those tortillas were good. I didn't even get around to visiting this space's previous restaurant before it closed, but this new Guatemalan place will stick around if it keeps this up. I'm not sure how vegetarian-friendly Guatemala is, but this place kindly offers up a vegetarian menu, and I sampled a dish of black beans and fried yuca along with a daily special of tamales with some kind of leaves baked in. It was all quite impressive, and an entree comes with rice and three fresh and delicious tortillas. My meal delivered what I want out of any Latin American cuisine: corn beans, and avocado, but quite intriguingly so.
It was rather impressive portion-wise as well. I'll get two meals out of mine despite coming hungry, and it was the sort of place where everyone seemed to be leaving with leftovers. The tamarind juice I ordered, despite ample ice, still contained as much tamarind as I cared to drink, and at the end, the price for everything was not bad.
They've decorated the space quite nicely, and some effort goes into the presentation of their food. On the negative side, service was a little lackadaisical, perhaps because I sat at a somewhat hidden nook in front, but I wasn't in a hurry. Their menu is small and has room to grow, and I'll be happy to check back in as it does.We went last night to Catalino's and we had a great dinner with flavors from Guatemala, one of the most diverse and beautiful countries I have ever been to. There are many Central American restaurants in New Orleans, mostly Honduran and Salvadorian, but we had never been to a Chapin (Guatemalan) restaurant before in NOLA. We had a couple of entrees: the guacamole with plantains was delicious (but one of us added some salt), and we all agreed that the shrimp ceviche was the best ceviche we ever had in the USA! I had the Pepian (chicken stew with green beans) and it was very tasty. My wife had the vegetarian dish (yucca with black beans) and she loved it. Our friend Joe had the churrasco, which was OK although the onions, sweet plantains, guacamole, salad, and black beans accompanying the churrasco were memorable. The chef and owner came to ask us when we finished our dinner. He was very pleasant and told us that they are changing the churrasco meat supplier because he wants to improve it. He told us that the restaurant's name (Catalino´s) honors his grandfather, who gave him the money to come to the USA. His enthusiasm when he talks about cooking is contagious. We brought our own wine (the corkage fee was the average ($5) for BYOB restaurants in NOLA), and we didn't have any dessert because we were full (but the rellenitos looked delicious in the table next to us!). The place was nicely decorated with colorful glass artwork evocating Guatemalan and Central American images. The service was excellent, everyone was so nice trying to make us feel comfortable, and they served us promptly even though the restaurant was completely packed when we arrived, but we only had to wait 5 minutes to get a table.  I am definitely going to return and I recommend Catalino´s if you want to experience affordable Guatemalan food in a vivid and different place.Delicious food, great drinks, very reasonable prices, and hearty portions! To top it off, nearly everything was gluten free which is perfect for my grandson who gets very sick when he eats flour dishes! I highly recommend this lovely restaurantWow. First, it was empty by the time I left so I chatted with the woman and she really is great and I was so glad to support a local family business. Where I live there is Mexican food aplenty, but this Guatemalan food was a nice change of pace. 
I would have never dreamed of using plantain chips instead of tortilla chips with guac but I do not know if I could ever go back. So delicious. 
I ordered something I can't remember how to spell. Dobladas? I'll edit when I go back tomorrow because I'm going back tomorrow. They were delicious. 
Completely gluten free and nut free foods! My haven for delicious food. #allergiesareannoyingI've been back a few times and not been quite as ecstatic as I was the first time. The yuca with black beans is still the best thing I've had from them; their other options have been interesting but haven't quite excited my tastebuds as much. I've also been miffed about being surprised with extra charges, notably for salsas that were delicious but were offered without saying they cost extra, and one time where I was billed for the wrong dish. These things seemed more careless than malicious to me, but I still expect better.
They are a gluten-free establishment and they offer plenty of vegetarian options-now listed with the main menu instead of separately-but I do find them oddly selected. The starchy vegetables and squash they build meals around lack the heartiness and the protein that one gets from beans, mushrooms, and dairy. I appreciate the effort, but I do hope the menu continues to evolve.
Having said all that, it's still a nice setting, and the food is still delicious, especially the house tortillas. I still plan on dropping in on occasion, and I may just go back for the yuca and beans I had the first time.Fresh and delicious food served with Guatemalan pride. Loved it! First, hot handmade tortillas came to the table. Then three different entrees, from carnitas to pepián chicken to the signature Catalino's tostadas with zucchini - it was all so good and authentic. One in our party remarked, "I feel like I am in Guatemala!" The food was delicious, the music was "muy latino" and the decor was creative and bright. We will definitely be back!In the span of one week, we've been to Catalino's twice now. Both times were on a Friday around normal dinnertime hours and we were seated immediately because they always seem to be half empty (or half full?).
The first time I had the chicken cream laroco, the second time I had the tostadas and both times I had the elote. The elote is good, slightly less sweet than other restaurants that serve it despite the fact that I think the red sauce is actually ketchup (not judging- it's delicious). The tostadas are served on top of house made corn tortillas, pickled veggies, black beans, sweet plaintains (this normally would've been guac but they were out of avocados) and cotija cheese. Each of these elements was delicious on its own but everything was stacked so high that it was clumsy and difficult to eat. The tortillas also lost their moistness after being under the food somehow so it was also a little dry. The chicken laroco was definitely the hit of the table, in my opinion. It's a chicken breast or thigh (you get to choose) served in a cream sauce with a vegetable that's like an asparagus and broccoli had a baby, and a scoop of rice. It's comfort food heaven and a strong recommendation on a cool and/or rainy night. 
My favorite thing about this place is the food tastes fresh and like there was actual effort, love, and thought behind it. The prices are fantastic and the portions even better- bigger than average but enough that you feel full but not sick after eating. The service is very friendly, albeit a little slow. However, there's a Yelp check in offer for a free margarita which will help you pass the time. 
P.S. it's also gluten free!I absolutely LOVE Catalino's!!  I have been multiple times and the food is always delicious and fresh!!  The menu is 100% gluten free and every dish is made to order.  The service is always great and helpful.  They now have alcoholic drinks which are AMAZING, especially the peach mango margarita.  Don't miss out on this hidden gem!First time there, today for lunch on a whim. Surprised and delighted. Had primarily appetizers which we shared. The corn was unusual and delicious. The mini tacos extremely tasty, the fried plantains absolutely delicious, and the guacamole with plantain chips amongst the best I've ever had. Will definitely be back, bring friends, and will get a full meal.We had a delicious meal at Catalina's! It's right around the corner from us, and we can't wait to go back. The best guacamole I've ever had at a restaurant! We shared 2 appetizers and 1 entree and we were so pleasantly full! Absolutely delicious!The food here is phenomenal! We had every appetizer and the steak entrees. Absolutely delicious! Can't wait to come back! The tortillas are handmade corn!This place just opened and it's fantastic- the service was excellent & they worked to make sure we were well taken care of.  We tried several things off the new menu (it's only been open a short while) and everything was delicious.  They stayed open a little later to accommodate us and every one was super friendly!This place is delicious! It's super small, no alcohol, and a bit slow so not a place to go if you're in a hurry but the food is absolutely delicious and doesn't make you feel like crap!In town from California to visit our son at Tulane, he wanted to take us to one of his favorites, so we went to Catalino's.  WOW.  Everything is authentic Central American, and fresh tasting.  The hand-made 25 -cent tortillas are a must have addition to any dish.  We wanted to take a dozen home with us.  The guacamole is so flavorful.  My wife had the Catalinas without cheese both times we ate here, and her vegan palate was pleasantly satisfied. I had to try multiple dishes, but the tacos Guatamaltecos was my fave.
Definitely a place to check out in East Carrollton.Eat here. Don't even read the rest of this review. EAT. HERE. Our party of 12 (five adults, seven kids) decided to try Catalino's because one of our party always has to compromise due to a gluten allergy, and because the reviews we read were very encouraging. We were all thrilled -- ALL of us, whether gluten-free or not -- to have eaten here!
The guacamole and etole were fantastic. The guac' was smooth and incredibly well seasoned, while the etole had a creamy, delicious sweetness that I've never tasted before. All of the entrees were superb: catalinas with eggplant, pollo guidanos, and all of the rest were absolutely amazing. The mixed drinks (tamarind martini, lime martini, hibiscus martini) were all fantastic.
We finished with buenuelos which (as another wise reviewer noted) are as if a beignet and a churro had a baby, but incredibly more delicious than either of them!
My only regret is that we don't live closer so we could visit Catalino's regularly. I don't know what wizard is in the kitchen but they are truly magical.
So: eat here. Your mouth, your stomach, and anyone with whom you may dine will love you forever.Delish! Great Guatemalan dishes. Service fantastic too. We had the tostadas app and chicken with crema. Loved itI have been living for more than 6 years in the US. I am originally from Guatemala. This is probably the most authentic food I have tried so far in the USA. The taste is delicious, the dishes are actually Guatemalan and not Mexican like most restaurants claiming to be Central American. Service was great, def coming back!One of the best hispanic restaurants in New Orleans. The food is incredible no matter your choice, and the place has an incredible atmosphere and aesthetic. It's the perfect place for a fancy dinner without being too expensive! Great environment for all members of the family. The personnel is always respectful, attentive, friendly and super helpful. I'll always recommend this place.I decided to go try this restaurant because my husband is from Guatemala so wanted to try out and see if there food was authentic guatemalan food. It definitely is. There food is really delicious. I would recommend this place for sure!!LOVE this place! The food is really delicious and 100% gluten free. Really enjoyed the chips and fresh guac, the tostada sampler, and the yuca plate. 
Not to mention they make the best margarita I think I've ever had in my life! They make them with fresh lime juice and they are not too sweet.
Lastly - the owner is a super nice and kind guy!
Highly recommend & we will be back.What can I say?!! Excellent service. Our server was very knowledgeable and so attentive. 
The mango margarita was simply delicious. 
The guacamole was divine. Kudos to the chef for serving this appetizer with plantain chips instead of tortilla chips. It is a nice touch! 
Everything that I ate was delicious. If you are looking for spice, this isn't the restaurant for you. 
I felt satisfied at the end of my dining experience.I've been eyeing Catalino's for some time.  I have heard some great reviews.  Honestly, I was underwhelmed and unimpressed.  
I got the gaucamole and elotes loco as appetizers.  The guacamole was the blandest I have ever tasted in my live.  It tasted like they just mashed an avocado and brought it out to the table. The elotes loco really threw me off with the ketchup.  I was hesitant when I read the description but decided to try it since I love corn so much.  I immediately regretted my decision.  
For the entree I choose the Steak Catlino's.  While it was bland as toast and milk it did have a slightly better melody of flavors.  My lunch partner requested hot sauce, which was an A+ move.  Once I slathered it in the house green hot sauce the dish was a nice 3/5.  
Disclaimer: I have been told Guatemalan food is "not spicy." That may also mean "not flavorful at all, food you can safely give your 90 year old grandmother with high blood pressure." So maybe Guatemalan food just isn't truly for me. 
On the plus side, the environment is very clean and the art is beautiful. Staff is friendly and helpful.New place very authentic Latin American food and service was excellent.The tortillas are killer And tasty.
We will be back to eat other things in their menu.I've eaten here twice and both times the service and food were excellent.
On my most recent visit I started with the guacamole. It's fresh, delicious, and it's served with plantain chips or corn tortilla chips.  Our server was kind enough to allow me to go with half and half.  If you find yourself at Catalina's, please do yourself a favor and try it with the plantain chips.  They're not only a more unique option, they're so tasty.
For my main I had the taco plate with two chicken and two beef tacos.  I thought the beef tacos were fine, but I really loved the chicken tacos.  They were served with guacamole and were sitting on a bed of shredded lettuce.  Note to all - this was a generous portion.  
The service was wonderful from the time i walked in until I left. My glass was never empty and I was checked on often.
A1 dining.Great place, food was good and fresh. Only comment is that despite the food being great, I found that everything needed a little bit of salt to make the flavor pop. I am usually one that doesn't use much salt. 
Service was a little unorganized and slow but so worth it and they have only been open 3 days.
I will definitely be a regular here!!!This is a place that screams originality in a sea of cookie cutter establishments especially in NOLA there simply is not a bad dish they serve period, the owners Addie and Hugo deal with you directly and are the sweetest people i could ever want serving me the amazing dishes they offer I frequent nola quite often and will eat here literally EVERY single time i pass through.Good! The waitress was extremely nice and the food and drinks were great. Took them a few minutes to notice that we were waiting to be seated so slightly understaffed but it didn't impact my experience.A 100% Gluten Free Kitchen? Yes yes yes! Finally a place I can eat without any worries! Catalino's was a delicious and cute place to eat on Maple Street. 
We first came here for a gluten free King Cake tasting. While we had anticipated eating here after the tasting, our bellies were too full of gluten free goodness. 
Today we were searching for a place for lunch and remembered Catalino's. We started with the elote, and I had the Pollo en Crema. Let me tell you. It was amazing. It's been a while since I've been able to have a cream sauce without having to worry about getting sick from a flour base. The portions were perfect and we had leftovers for lunch at work tomorrow! 
I can't wait to come again when my gluten free mother in law is with me!
UPDATE: I did end up telling my Mother-In-Law to come here.  She is Celiac with a much more extreme intolerance to gluten than I have.  She LOVED it.  She even told me next time she comes to New Orleans, Catalino's is the first place she wants to go!I love Catalino's SO MUCH!!!  The food is incredible and seems really fresh and healthy. I have eaten here several times and have loved everything. I especially love the salsa, guacamole, and plantain chips. The restaurant is super cute too, and having been to  Guatemala it is great to have a Guatemalan restaurant in the city! Can't recommend enough!!Excellent cuisine with nicely paired flavors. Fun and artistic interior with a beautiful reclaimed wood wall. Super friendly, happy, and attentive waitstaff. All fresh ingredients and a separate vegetarian menu.The food was delicious. We are from Guatemala and can say the food is super authentic . Some of the best pepian we've had. Highly recommend. It's nice to have some diversity added to the New Orleans food scene.I had seen this place advertised around town, so when I saw it on Groupon I knew we had to get it since my husband and I adore trying foods from different countries... I believe Catalino's is a Guatemalan restaurant??
When we arrived we were greeted by a gentleman, who I believe also may have been the owner/head chef??? He was super nice, welcomed us, and talked us through the menu and what was popular and how it was made, so if you're worried you won't know what to order at a Guatemalan restaurant, have no fear!
I had gotten the Groupon for 2 appetizers and an entree to share, so we got the guacamole with tortilla chips, and the elote dip (they also have elote on the actual cob) with plantain chips. The guacamole is by far one of the best guacamoles I've had in the city, thick and chunky with some other veggies tossed in, and it was actually delicious with the plantain chips! The elote dip, is corn off the cob, grilled and tossed in a sweet and a little spicy mayo based sauce with red peppers and cheese on top... A nice contrast to the salty (but not too salty) guacamole. Plus they are both HUGE portions for around $5-6... We almost filled up on the app before the entree arrived.
We ordered the churrasco platter with steak, and it came with grilled green onions (one of my favorite dishes that's hard to find here, cebollitas), grilled plantains, rice pilaf, a super spicy grilled pepper (oof, made us both cry, but super fun/funny to try/dare each other to eat!), A salad, bowl of black beans, guacamole, some yummy salsa, and a piece of some kind of white crumbly cheese! It was delicious and the steak was tender and perfectly cooked! We ended up making little tacos out of it with the two homemade tortillas it came with! My only complaint was they only give you two with that much food, but you can order more for fifty cents each. 
We were absolutely STUFFED after everything, but the owner/head chef guy was soooo nice about everything, and his description of bunuelos was so enticing we had to order some! They're like... Little dense cake donuts holes that kind of taste like a  beignet/churro baby, but soaked in this sweet honey like syrup, covered in cinnamon and whipped cream.... So absolutely decadent and such a unique dessert, we demolished the whole thing!!! Such a great new spot, I highly recommend it!For starters, Catalino's is such a cute spot. I love the bright and cheery atmosphere and the colorful stained glass art up on the walls. My crew and I made reservations for a party of five for Sunday (Mother's Day) When we walked in, the place was buzzing and each table was filled! Of course, this was expected since it was a holiday.
We went for brunch, which was truly thebomb.com. One word: Mimosas. Catalino's makes a strong and tasty one! However, they were lukewarm so we all had to request ice. I was craving elote for quite some time, so of course I ordered the Elote Loco, a traditional Guatemalan fair food of boiled corn with a festive garnish of various condiments and finished off with a sprinkle of cotija cheese. Probably some of the best elote I've ever had, to be honest. It did take the waitress over 30 minutes to bring it out, which wasn't all that fun, but it was tasty nonetheless.
Their guacamole and chips as a starter is also great. The avocados were fresh and the plantain chips crispy and crunchy!
As for my main course, I got Catalino's Divorciado: two handmade corn tortillas topped with guacamole, chicken, a medium egg, queso fresco cilantro salsa roja and salsa verde. Not only was this dish full of flavor, but the presentation was beautiful! So many rich colors of food being put together! I will admit that it took nearly an hour for us to get our food and we had to reach out to the waitress at least twice to check on our meals before they came out. But the perk of a free bottle of champagne made the wait a little more sweet.
Overall, I will go back to Catalino's for the food and atmosphere. Def one of my new Maple Street favorites. They are a smaller restaurant, so I will acknowledge that when it comes to their service being slow, especially on a holiday such as Mother's Day.A 100% Gluten Free Kitchen? Yes yes yes! Finally a place I can eat without any worries! Catalino's was a delicious and cute place to eat on Maple Street. 
We first came here for a gluten free King Cake tasting. While we had anticipated eating here after the tasting, our bellies were too full of gluten free goodness. 
Today we were searching for a place for lunch and remembered Catalino's. We started with the elote, and I had the Pollo en Crema. Let me tell you. It was amazing. It's been a while since I've been able to have a cream sauce without having to worry about getting sick from a flour base. The portions were perfect and we had leftovers for lunch at work tomorrow! 
I can't wait to come again when my gluten free mother in law is with me!