Ate at Cava last night for the first time. Very nice! It was a little loud, the concrete floors and high ceiling don't absorb much noice, having a large party (2 busses large) didn't help the noice but that really didn't bother me. I'm just letting you know. 
Service was great, John took a little longer to drop the check but was excellent every other step of the way. 
Double cut pork chop, garlic mashed potatoes and green beans were flawless. Shrimp Carbonara as well. Christina even enjoyed the Rabbit Rhemy appetizer until she realized it actually was rabbit! 
So 4 not 5 because the noise level, dessert was good not great and 5 minutes after we were finshished dessert and drinks we had to ask for the check. Service was great but not excellent. But a great experience I'd highly recommend!Danny and his team at Cava were absolutely fantastic for our event last night. Everyone loved the food, the drinks were never empty and their customer service was absolutely great! 
Thank you so much for a wonderful night!Went just a few weeks after it opened. Really enjoyed the experience. Solid Leidenheimer bread at the table. Great wine selection!
The Chef came out to chat for awhile and was so genuinely passionate, which was quite endearing and you could definitely tell when eating the food. Everything was delicious.Excellent food!! We ordered to go for the first time trying this restaurant. We live close by in Lakeview and kept hearing great things. We ordered the Scallops and the pork shank. Both dishes were fantastic! We will be back.Very nice, intimate restaurant with white linen tablecloths. We made reservations & were told dress was classy-so men in our party wore jackets. They were the only ones who had them on - varying degrees of dress from shorts to dressy casual. Appetizer: The fried oyster on half shell was great-layer of sautéed spinach, fried oyster covered in melted Brie. Dinner: i had scallops-perfectly cooked on bed of puréed butternut squash; husband had pork chop-good but a little over cooked. Desserts: my oh my-try the king cake-not your everyday king cake-the middle has a cream filling with strawberries-I ate it all but big enough for two to share. Limoncello cake was very good & lemony. Ask for Chris as your waiter-very nice, friendly, attentive-great service! We will return!Tried this restaurant twice so feel can offer an accurate review: bartender definitely can deliver and drinks were great. The appetizers were great so recommend oysters or the soups- both great choices. The down fall comes with the main courses. Other than the excellent pork chop, all other choices fell short. The fish was okay but nothing to write home about. The scallops looked great but someone opened the salt shaker and squash had a horrible taste of a weird spice. The pasta would have been fine but the raw garlic took over the entire dish-didn't think it even belonged in the carbinnera. The deserts were very average except for two on the opposite ends of the spectrum. The bread pudding tasted like an oil soaked donut and the oil was old or not changed. The highlight was the excellent king cake from Maurice's.
The service was great which helped ease our disappointment. The atmosphere is noises so not the place for a romantic dinner out but okay for friends and family.Great atmosphere, delicious food, friendly staff. Love this place and the owner is always there, hands on, which is great to see. You can tell he loves the place and treats the staff right which translates into the food and the service.I would give 3/12 stars but rounded down because of the excessive noise.
First time at Cava.  A Saturday night.  Reservations for 8:30.  Place was packed and we weren't seated until around 8:50.
The restaurant is loud.  And by loud I am talking Monster Truck Rally at the Superdome loud.
Started with an off the menu appetizer of the day jumbo lump crabmeat au gratin and housemade potato chips and the on the menu mussels in a green apple remoulade sauce.  The crabmeat was pretty delicious with huge chunks of crabmeat (however to steal a spot-on line from Jason D.'s review, the potato chips had "enough salt to dry up Lake Pontchartrain) but the mussels were tiny and were not up to par with other restaurants in the city.
For entrees our table had: Fish of the day - Red Grouper, Lobster Risotto and I had the fried softshell crab.
I didn't try the red grouper but it got high marks.  I am not a fan of risotto but I tasted it and for me it had a strange herbal flavor like tarragon or something unpleasant.
My softshell crab came out like a piece of artwork that should be displayed in a museum.  We even took pictures.  If only it tasted as good as it looked.  Heavily battered I could barely taste the crab over the batter.  The corn maque choux smelled horrible and tasted worse.  Like a salty pile of pan scrapings.
We got some vanilla custard tart thing for dessert which I cannot remember the name but it was pretty good.
Extensive wine/champagne list and full bar.
The staff was accommodating once we were seated.  
I would have no objections to returning and trying different things on the menu but with so many options in New Orleans I will not be rushing back.Will not return. It's a shame for this place because it has great potential and I live around the corner. The mussels were delicious however they were lacking in numbers...maybe 8 were served--there was, however, no shortage of bread. This was insufficient for a "mussels" appetizer. I then had the black bean soup---canned. A restaurant like this should not be using canned anything.
I ordered the special for entree....soft shell crab atop corn macque choux. The crab was delicious---nice sized and fried perfectly. Sadly, the corn was canned. A $25 dollar dish and the main entree included an obviously canned vegetable.
I've begun to spread the word to my close friends not to patron this restaurant unless they are looking for a canned experience.
Will not return.amazing food, love the bbq shrimp sauce (extra bonus is that the shrimp are peeled). perfect location and ambiance.Well the experience overall was a let down. I was excited to try it but...... food was good but not great. My biggest concern was price. Way too expensive for what you get. I have been to equal style restaurants and paid half the price. I feel like they are trying to cater to the neighborhood and charging based on the area. Lastly, extremely noisy.I have been to Cava six times since it opened. The food has always been good but the dinner we had Saturday evening was over the top. There were 8 of us so I got to taste a few dishes other than mine. I started with an appetizer of four beautifully fried oysters on a bed of lightly creamed spinach and bacon lardons on top. Delicious! My entree was the pork Osso Bucco. The eye appeal, tenderness and taste were unmatched. My wife had the red snapper " en pappiette" (I can't spell it. It was in a bag). The presentation was fantastic and the taste with the vegetables in the sauce was awesome. One guest had a huge fried soft shell crab that was fantastic. No one in the city had a better meal than my group had that night plus you bring your own wine with no corkage fee. Danny Milan has done a great job with this place. I'll be back often.Great experience!
We went to dinner here for a family birthday party and it was the first visit for our entire party. We split the escargot and soft shell shrimp appetizers. Both were delicious! 
For our meal, everyone tried something different, scallops, fish, salad, crab cakes, and the duck. I had duck with mushroom risotto which was divine and everyone else seemed to love their meals as well. 
The one criticism I have is that we were asked to move tables after being seated to accomidate a larger party. I understand that these things happen... The gentleman was very apologetic and sent three desserts to make up for the error. 
Living in Lakeview I don't know what took me so long to try this place. I will surely be back.In town for the weekend visiting family and a friend told me about Cava. So worth it. We are foodies and found their reinterpretation of classics very cool. Great presentation, excellent service. Make a reservation as it was busy for sure. 
Started with lamb ribs barbque with a light super tasty a sauce. Also had the soft shell shrimp which was amazing, something you don't see everywhere. So good!
Main course I had the fried boneless chicken, again a twist on a classic. Light breading, not at all greasy and moist inside with a light veggie topping. Nice!
Finished with bread pudding, a must try and they told me the most popular desert 
Recommended for sure. Check my reviews, I don't 5 star often. Great meal.I've been here 3 times and already have reservations for Christmas Eve, if that tells you anything. The tomato basil soup with mini filet mignon meatballs (!!) is a must eat, as is the house salad. I've gotten the scallops twice, and the squash puree on that dish is phenomenal. I also really liked the Osso Bucco. This is a great inclusion to the restaurant scene in Lakeview.Totally LOVE everything about this place!! If I could give more than five stars, I would not think twice! I have to say their soft-shell crab and their bean soup have totally made this my new favorite place in NOLA. The restaurant has a magnificent setting along with a fabulous staff. Keep up the great work Cava!!!We really, really wanted to love Cava, but sadly I can only offer it 3 stars.  We went on Valentine's Day, naturally a busy day, but if you can't handle the crowds, you shouldn't seat them.  Two rounds of cocktails each took about 30 minutes to deliver, with profuse apologies from the frazzled bartender.  Our sweet waiter was new to the game of waiting tables, and twice asked us if we needed anything after offering bread but not delivering.  Both the oysters and the osso bucco were delicious; the salad simple and uninspired.  Would I return?  Yes, but maybe on an off night.  I do hope they succeed, but they have there work cut out for them in a city that takes such pride in service.Finally another restaurant in our neighborhood.  I have been several times both with large groups and small.  The food is consistently good and large portions, you won't walk away hungry. I love the Rabbit Remy which can serve as an entree. And their fried chicken is amazing, one of the best in town.  It can be a bit noisy when the restaurant is full.  In all, I enjoy our outings to Cava.This is BY FAR the best new restaurant in the New Orleans area!! My wife and I were treated like royalty! The waiters Ross and Roland were especially wonderful and professional. The food was impeccably fresh, delicious and perfectly presented. The highlight, without a doubt was the owner, Danny Milan!! He is always on the floor helping guests, assisting and instructing staff and making sure you have an unforgettable experience!! THE ABSOLUTE BEST EVER!!! Don't miss it!!EXCELLENT EXCELLENT EXCELLENT !!
Great location, nice ambience and wonderful customer service. We were greeted by the chef on several occasions to make sure the food was ok...Food was incredible and very tasteful. 
 Crab cakes
Crab claws
Pork chop
Red snapper
Chicken and Mac
Definitely will be returning.
Great Job Cava.We went on a Monday night. Not too busy but a nice crowd for a Monday. Everything my husband and I ordered was delicious. We had the ossobuco, lamb, and limoncello dessert. The service was great and I appreciate that the owner is there; seating customers and checking on tables.Overall this place is great.
Yes, it can be a little noisy, but I enjoy places that seem full of life....
I ordered the onion soup and soft shell crab.  The onion soup had a thick crust of different cheeses and bread.  It was served hot to the touch.  No complaints.
The soft shell crab was phenomenal.   I'm not joking -- I would go there and just order this and maybe another one for dessert.   I asked the waiter where the crab came from, and he returned with the owner.  I put him on the spot and asked where the crabs came from, thinking it was some food service product or national vendor.  He gave me a local guy's name who operates a small business out of Jean Laffite.  I was happy to hear that the ingredients are sourced locally.  This place is the real deal.Great food, on par with any of the finer establishments in the city. I've been several times and have found the food to be fresh, excellently prepared, and attended by professional servers. The owner is usually there as well and instead of hiding in an office, he's out front greeting and conversing with patrons, which says a lot about him. Looking forward to returning for the next visitCava was great for our first time there. Definitely a good place to go for a fancy date or anniversary. We we're slightly disappointed at first with the realization that the menu was different than the one posted online because my guest is a vegetarian and the more current menu only had one meatless option as their house salad. The server was very accommodating and told us that they could make the shrimp carbonara vegetarian for him and put the grilled shrimp on the side for me. Overall we ordered the rabbit remy, the house salad, and the shrimp carbonara and everything exceded our expectations.Great ambiance, food and drink. Recommend: soft shell shrimp, scallops, pork chop, French 75! Flourless chocolate cake was delicious.We had a reservation for a party of 12 which was ready right when we walked in.  Service was poor and you know it is bad when even the owner threw his own server under the bus.  The "TRIO" of crab cakes only had "two per plate.  Our friend had ordered the filet but had to send it back because it was something other than a filet as it was chewy.  The osso bucco was burnt.  Not worth the money.  Beautiful restaurant at a nice location but the food and service make the whole experience unpalatable.This place is ok. Nice environment. Good drinks, appetizers was good. I really like the oysters. And chunks on Bree cheese on there. I also like the duck wings. Something different in a good way. It's a bit dry but it's ok. But entrees is ok. I don't really care for it. The scallops is really salty. But if I was to come back I would only get the appetizers.Heard about this restaurant on Harry Connick Jr show,one of his favorites.My daughter from Denver Co wanted to try it.We went twice,then when  her husband came in town we bragged so much about the great food,we all tried again.we really enjoyed the food,the waitress and waiters were very knowledgable with the menus We tried almost all,duck,soft shell shrimp.grits& shrimp fish.Topped it off with best Kingcake dessert ever.Let me start by saying I went 2 weeks after it opened and I thought the food was amazing, 5 star in my book.  However, they had a large party upstairs and the entrees took a while to come out.  We were offered and took advantage of the free drink but was still disappointed with the long wait between appetizer and entrée.  I will say I had the lamb chops and they were cooked perfect and extremely tender.  All in all, I thought the food was great but they have to work out the service kinks.Dined here on Friday night with a couple friends. We were looking for outside and relaxed. We settled up on the balcony for appetizers and beverages. Everything we had was most delicious... Crab claws, Muscles, Oysters & the Confit Duck Wings, for dessert we had the bread pudding... not usually a fan of bread pudding, but this was very tasty!!  Our waiter, Jackson was perfect. Will definitely go back to sample the rest of the menu..I left my personal review of this restaurant about 2 weeks ago. Within 48hours I received a private message on yelp (not as a comment to the review) from the owner cursing me, belittling me, and looking for a physical fight. 
Shameful of this restaurant to behave with such poor and disgusting taste. 
I have posted his response as a photo. Please take a look.Definitely will be returning. My husband and I have been wanting to try it for a while now. We decided to go on a Monday evening which happened to be our anniversary. I loved the fresh hot French bread and butter, I got the fried green tomato app which was super fresh and seasoned well w/ a creole remoulade sauce drizzled over. My husband ordered the fried oysters served over creamed spinach with Brie and bacon on top which was amazing! He got the fish special - pan-sautéed amberjack with veggies, topped with a creole crawfish sauce (yum) and I got the 8oz filet with potatoes and Brussels sprouts. We also ordered the crab cakes to come out with our entree to split. Everything was delicious! For dessert we got the blue berry cheesecake, which was complimentary from the owner for our anniversary. It was very quaint and I enjoyed the ambience and music. Great experience!Overall we enjoyed Cava. I got the soft shell crab which was rich but really good. My husband I think ordered wrong bc he got the crawfish meatballs with ink pasta and it was mediocre at best. However, everyone else at our table enjoyed their entrees: the pork chop and fish of the day. All appetizers were yummy and I would def go back!This meal was fantastic.  Cave House Salad and Red Snapper entree were both so light and healthy.
Servers were extremely friendly and it was very relaxing, had a great Sunday evening dinner.
Wine list and bar is nice and well stocked too!Not bad, but not great. At first I was worried because the appetizer (soft shell shrimp salad) had enough salt on it to dry up Lake Pontchartrain, but the entree (glazed pork chop with sweet potatoes) was amazing. My wife, on the other hand, had the filet and it was dry, flavorless, and over cooked. My major issue with this restaurant is the service, or lack there of. It seemed like it was everyone's first day. It took forever to get drinks (mixed drinks), and when they eventually showed up they were wrong. The same went for the appetizers, we didn't receive them for over an hour after we were seated and when they arrived they were wrong and/or cold. We arrived at 7:45 and didn't leave until 10:45, and not by choice, it literally took this long to get a complete meal from Cava. I'd like to say that I think they will learn from their mistakes but I'm just not sure that will happen. All in all, good food and nice atmosphere but the entire operation needs to tighten up for me to come back. For $50 to $75 a person I expect a lot more than just decent food, and if it weren't for the entree being as good as it was I would've only given it 2 stars. By the way, I see other reviews mentioning some guy named Danny but we were never visited by a manager or anyone other than our confused waitress.....except for when another waiter came to our table to "borrow" the salt and pepper and never returned. I guess this place only has one salt and pepper setup.Really great place in Lakeview. Everything we ordered was amazing . We had Calamari, rabbit remy, duck with risotto, fried chicken, fish of the day, and several desserts. The drinks and service were wonderful. Just a great little place with great jazz music ambiance.The owner Danny, his knowledge of food and wine burst out of every plate and very sip of wine. A must try! Don't be shy to ask your sever for suggestions of pairs.This is a beautiful restaurant with incredible food and wine ! Met Danny the owner and what a sweet guy ! Can't wait to return.Wonderful anniversary meal. Alejandro performed absolutely A+ service. For all the great restaurants in this town, we had a memorable positive experience; and it was made possible by doing all the little things as well as the big things. Bottom line is you can get good food lots of places - but you can't always find someone in the front of the house willing to care that you have a good time, and for that we were very appreciative. As an avid restaurant goer, I haven't had an experience that good in several years. Thank you.Truly there is no better restaurant in New Orleans. The fried chicken and the oysters are PHENOMENAL!!!  Danny is the greatest. Can't wait to come back.This Friday me and my husband decided to check this place off our list. We did not make reservations, but the moment we walked in we were greeted with a friendly energetic hostess and were seated in a booth as requested. He made some recommendations and Victoria was our waitress. We started with crab cakes with a sriracha aioli sauce. For dinner I ordered shrimp and grits my husband got the fillet medium well. Everything was perfect it's easy to give this place 5 stars! Great date night restaurant.The food was absolutely delicious and service impeccable. We were there around 8 on a Saturday night and it was very busy. Kind of loud but not obnoxiously so. Will definitely return.Great food Great Service!!! Had an amazing meal!! Niquia ( her name was on our receipt ) our server was able to tell us about the dinner options and you could tell she really loved the entrées she recommended. The host that sat us was also delightful, you could tell everyone there enjoyed going to work. We will go back often!We have visited on several occasions and Cava continues to exceed our expectations. This is a result of the owner, Danny, being a consummate professional and making everyone feel welcome and special when dining at his restaurant. The Rabbit Remmy, Mr Higgins crab claws , and redfish en papilliote are to die for. The staff are excellent and attentive and are on top of their game. Highly recommended!Great food and great service. A group of us came here for dinner after the suggestion of a friend. We were greeted and seated right away. The owner, Danny, came to greet us after we were seated. We had a small bowl of gumbo to start. The gumbo was fantastic, it was light and flavorful. We also tried the crab cakes which were very tasty and moist. For the entree, I had the shrimp carbonara. The portion size was just right and the shrimp and pasta had just the right amount of kick.
Michael, the server, checked on us frequently. I'll definitely be coming back to Cava to try out the different offerings on their menu.Was there this past Friday for dinner at 6:30.Appeared grossly understaffed.My wife & I waited 20 mins.before receiving our first cocktail,even after telling our waiter we needed to be out in an hour due to play at Saenger.Our oyster app was forgotten.Entree came out late followed by our app.I complained to waiter who apologized,but didn't have a mgr come over or take the oysters off the bill.The only reason I gave 2 stars was because the bread,salad & other food was really good.I live in Lakeview,but won't be going back anytime soon.Sat. May 30.  I am in town for business and my business partner and I decided to try  this new restaurant as recommended  from friends we have that live in the vincinity.  Upon entering the restaurant my partner and I decided to first have a drink at the bar.   "You never get a second chance to make a first impression" .   We waited an incrediably long time to even be greeted by the singular bartender that was on staff. She was giving all of her attention to servers waiting for drinks to be made at the end of the bar. When she finally came over her greeting was a quick " Hello, what can I get ya".  We asked her for a alcohol menu so we could choose a high quality scotch and she stated " We don't have an alcohol menu, our scotch selection is right there" as she pointed to the brands on the shelf and walked away.  When she came back 10 minutes later to take our order we just decided to order the local beer,Abita.  There was no interaction whatsoever with her while we sat at the bar. The wait for a table seemed too long so we decided to eat at the bar. I ordered the lamb that after waiting over 30 minutes for it , arrived well over  cooked and tough. My partner ordered the crawfish meatball pasta. The pasta arrived gummy and the crawfish meatball was well lacking in flavor. 
I understand this restaurant just opened and new restaurants need to work out the quirks but  with such subpar service and poor quality food in relation to its pricing  the next time we come to this area we will dine at Susan Spicer's Mondo.A bit pricey, but the food and service are impeccable. LOVE the shrimp carbonne! Overall, a nice experience.On May 12th we had a college graduation dinner celebration for our son at CAVA's for 40+ guests . 
What a fantastic experience!!!!  From the personal attention of owner Danny, to the Administrative Assistant Stephanie, to hostess/server Kennedy, to server Kira and bartender/server Gianni. Even though our timeframe was very short, they were very accommodating to what we needed..
My ratings:
Service A+
Friendliness A+
Food A++
Ambience A+
Value A+
 Stephanie was fantastic in helping us in completing the details of the event. Taking care of every fine detail such as table arrangements, music, drink options, decor, and our personal adjustments to the menu.  
The staff, Kennedy, Kira and Gianni were fantastic during our celebration.   They were able to flawlessly serve our guests and anticipate  their every need.   The four courses were served with precision and the drinks were excellent.    
The plate presentations of each course were  each an individual work of art!!
The food was the excellent. The freshness and flavors were second to none!!!!
Our guests were totally enthralled by their experience at CAVA and everyone said they would return.  We can't wait to return!!!
If you want the perfect dining experience go to CAVA's !!!!!!!Great little "hidden gem" of a restaurant with friendly staff.  Special shout out to Danny, who made my mother's birthday dinner a special night and made us feel so welcome.  
Best thing we had was the oysters appetizer, which was Cava's take on Oysters Rockefeller. Oysters were huge, lightly fried, and put on a web of spinach and topped with some bacon and a bit of brie.. yummy.   Also, agree with fellow Yelpers that the fried chicken with truffled mac was soo good.  Normally, I do not order fried chicken anywhere, but based on Yelpers, decided to order it.  Chicken itself was nicely season and moist with a hint of sweetness. Mom had the fish of the day, which was grouper. Nice thick portion that was pan seared and cooked perfectly. wife had the duck breast with risotto. Well cooked and tasty was well.  
Atmosphere is relaxed and great for locals who want to avoid the more crowded areas of downtown or uptown/garden district.  Will definitely return to the place next time I am in town.This place!!!!! The place is clean with crisp linens, and they have soft jazz playing in the background! Disclaimer: I love food; and this place is the reason why!!! I wanted to order one of everything! 
We started off with the oysters, which are fried with a spinach, bacon & a white sauce. They were the best fried oysters I've had in a long time! 
We had the escargot, and it came with six escargot and bread! Perfectly cooked. 
We also had the crab cakes, which were pretty good! Not the best I've ever had, but good enough to order again!
And then I had the fried chicken breast with macaroni and cheese and spinach! Yum!!! I don't always order fried chicken and macaroni and cheese from places because I like my own, but this does not disappoint. 
My friend had the shrimp carbonara and you could really taste the bacon bits, which was perfect! The shrimp was cooked just right. It just had good flavor. 
And then I had the King Cake! If strawberries were made into a dessert, it's this! It was like part donut, part cheesecake, part strawberry yumminess. I even took one to go. 
Topped everything off with the French 75, a cognac and cava drink with lemon. Delish!!!! 
I'm definitely coming back!!! This place is everything!!!Another awesome meal .  Went with my wife for our anniversary. Great atmosphere. Always a great choiceLet's start off with I don't give away my 5 stars on a first date. 
But this place was awesome. Our friends took us here and are so glad we went. 
Drinks were first up in the line up. Fast, cold and good. Martinis were had by all of different varieties. 
The crab claws and crab cakes started the food parade and there was a small skirmish at the table over them. I decided to try the Parmesan Soup, because why not? Well where have you been? It isn't what you think, not too thick and not too cheesy. It was just right. 
We all had a  Cesar Salad. I have never had it roasted over an open flame before. Take my word for it just get it. 
Then the filet, seasoned well, cook perfectly ( medium rare). The rest of the party had shrimp parmigiana and scallops. Let's just say not a dirty plate left. 
We were then surprised with the King Cake for desert. I kinda wished I went alone so I didn't have to share. Make sure you leave room for it. 
We will be back.Awesome food! I got the grilled fish and Brussel sprouts. Crab cake appetizer is amazing! Drinks are very good as well! Don't leave without getting the king cake dessert. Owner super friendly. Came up to our table for a chat and gave us a bottle of Cava rosé. Neighborhood favorite! Will be back.Great service! Our waiter was prompt and attentive. I had a French 75 drink with Gin. It was recommended by my waiter. It was so refreshing.  I started with the oyster appetizer. It was 4 fried oysters with spinach and Brie. It was good. Nothing spectacular. The salad was a roasted tomato with mozzarella cheese, green beans, capers, mushrooms and fried artichoke hearts. It had a balsamic dressing. I really enjoyed this. I finished with a lobster risotto. This had a great flavorVisited again twice in the past week. Danny the owner and his team continue to bring it each and every time. Great food and service is always on top of its game. This is a consistently great restaurant for locals and visitors run by a longtime pro of the New Orleans restaurant scene. Will not disappoint.The fiancé made reservations for 9pm on Tuesday -my birthday. He received a called at 8pm saying they had available seating and if we would like to come in sooner. Unfortunately that wouldn't have worked since he was still at work..
We make it there for 8:55pm. Restaurant was pretty quiet but there was still two other tables with patrons enjoying their dinner. We got seated and got to ordering. We ordered drinks and appetizers (3 of them!). 
Before the appetizers came out we had ordered our entrees. As we finished ordering, we noticed the employees cleaning and were gathered by the bar. (What seems to look like they were all ready to go home for the night, yup!)
At this point, we're feeling uncomfortable..Appetizers came out and I decided to ask our female waitress if they closed at 9. (I already knew that they closed at 10, that's why we made reservations at 9..) She hesitated while answering us with "umm our kitchen closes at 9". Is she foreal?! How is this possible? Reservations were for 9, how is it that the kitchen closes at 9??
Overall, the food was amazing. (Definitely deserved more stars) Unfortunately the service wasn't up to par. It's understandable that it was a Tuesday and it was slow but they could have easily said they weren't able to take our reservations. Needless to say, we spent over 100$ plus 20% gratuity under 40 minutes.
Oh and before we received the check, she asked if we would like to hear about desserts..I wanted to tell her the kitchen was closed..Definitely in my top five in town now.   We've tried almost everything they serve and have never had less than an excellent experience.  I honestly can say everything I've ever had here was perfectly seasoned and expertly cooked. The service is top notch too.  I highly recommend the duck, pork chop or chicken.  Their tomato and meatball soup is spectacular - perfect amount of seasoning and kick without being too sweet like many red gravies are here.  Lakeview has needed this badly.Dishes were good. Service was awesome. Pimms cup was perfection! Food is a bit pricey for what it was, but at least it was good!Great food Great service Great new place!! 10! I'll defiantly be back to try more menu items soon.. Best Osso Bucco in a long time!Very disappointed! First time I went was when it first opened. Did not like it. Tried it again and I had Shrimp and grits. Terrible!!!!Aaargh! I really wanted this to be good!...but it wasn't. So my wife and I have reservations for 8PM on Saturday evening and we get there just before. We open the door and WOW! This place is SO LOUD! Seriously loud...like buy ear plugs and learn sign language loud. Anyway, table not ready yet? no problem, we'll sit at the bar. And we sit, and sit, and sit, and wait, and wait, and wait. There's nothing worse than sitting at the bar and not being served. When we get the drinks they were great.
When we get seated we have to squeeze through the room (they have two tables too many, the restaurant is too crowded (see earlier note about the noise)). We order and settle in. Our waitress is great but we start to notice our appetizers are taking a long time to come out (notice a pattern?). Anyway, we never do this but we're forced to ask, "is our food ever coming?" Our waitress confesses that she's already yelled at the kitchen to get it out. Ok, so the apps. Come out and they are delicious (crab cakes, black bean soup). Really really good. But then i notice that the couple who was seated AFTER us has already been served their appetizers AND their entrees before our appetizers are served (not good). Anyway, service good, food good, everything else was terrible. We'll not be going back and It was a $150.00 lesson learned.Rarely do I take the time to write such a review but to say I have never in my life been so poorly treated by a restaurant and their staff would be a vast understatement.
After making reservations well in advance for dinner, I had to cancel day of-  after four attempts and three hours of trying to get someone on the phone, I finally cancelled several hours prior to said dinner time. 
Having worked in the industry- I am fully aware most would just go on as a "no show" and not worry about cancelling. Unfortunately that is just part of the business and happens frequently. It's almost like RSVPs these days- you'd love for your guest to give and honor their RSVP but it doesn't always happen and that's ok. 
I was surprised when I received the nastiest voicemail from Stephanie at Cava telling me how disrespectful I am for not cancelling (mind you- I did in fact cancel) how the waiter "waited all night" for us to show up (well that's poor management on your part- after 15 minutes, you should release the table and move on with the night) and how my bad decisions negatively effected a lot of people. (This is a restaurant- nothing more- so don't act so put out). Receiving a voicemail like this is absolutely absurd for many reasons- 1. It's inaccurate as I did cancel 2. You need to understand the business you're in and realize it's the nature of the beast. My family and I often frequent your establishment but have no intention to ever give or send business your way EVER again. 
Later when I called to speak to Stephanie, she was again uncooperative in understanding that I did cancel, was again incredibly rude to me trying to educate me on etiquette and being respectful. After realizing I'd get nowhere in my conversation with her, mentioned I'd find a time to come talk to the owner to discuss (that's how steamed I was at this point) for her to tell me I WOULD BE PHYSICALLY REMOVED FROM THE PROPERTY if I tried to come in!!! This statement sealed the deal and set a very clear understanding on how Cava chooses to treat people. 
I'm still in complete shock and dismay by this entire experience and the funny thing is- I didn't even eat there.
Needless to say - I will not dine at Cava again, will no longer recommend such a place, and will continue to share my terrible experience of Cava and Stephanie.Delicious meal, great drinks, attentive service....can't beat it! Highly recommend cava for a great meal!We were looking for a place to celebrate our 46th Anniversary along with our daughter's 35th birthday. Since many of the restaurants that we frequent were closed on Sunday, I went to Yelp for help. On the list I found Cava. I read some reviews and then called for a reservation. We arrived early, found "princess parking" directly in front, and actually were the first people seated for the night. Our waiter, Alejandro, was great! He was friendly, knowledgeable, very attentive, but not intrusive. My daughter and I had the grouper special with grilled asparagus, and my husband had the rack of lamb with roasted brussel sprouts. Presentation and taste were excellent! Both the owner and the chef stopped at our table to inquire about our meal. For dessert, my husband and I shared bread pudding, while the birthday girl had a mini king cake. Again, both were beautiful and delicious! Our entire dining experience was perfect! 
I wholeheartedly recommend Cava and enthusiastically suggest that you ask for Alejandro! (Sunday night at 5:30pm was an opportune time to arrive; by 7pm all tables were taken.)Cava ain't exactly my style, too much of a scene for me, but my folks who live in the Lakefront like it and so I met them there for dinner yet again and I gotta say this place is growing on me. So far I've tried the filet, fish, soft-shell crab, and scallops and every one of them was very good, at least an A -. And the presentation was excellent; dainty, but in an appetizing way for what are, in fact, dainty ingredients. That's saying a lot coming from a guy who's solid meat n potatoes. Consistency is key if you're in the restaurant business. People want to feel they're getting their money's worth every time, especially if it's a spendy place like this one, and so far I haven't had a bad meal yet. These people know what they're doing and Cava may very well be the best restaurant in Lakeview.YUMMY! Excellent, excellent food, and very reasonable prices. The owner was there and he went table to table asking if everything was OK. Service was good (efficiency could be improved a little).
I definitely plan to go back!  (recommended: Fish in papillote, crab claws, crab cakes, king cake, tiramisu),Our first time here. It was awesome!  Passed this place on Harrison Ave several times. Noticed the great looking interior decor and wanted to try. The food matched the decor - it was great! Another reviewer called Cava a hidden gem and I couldn't agree more. We had crab claws for an appetizer. So tasty! Save some of your bread to soak up the sauce. For entrees I had the crawfish linguine and my wife had Osso Buco. Both were amazing!  We will be back to this neighborhood gem for sure.This probably the worst place in Lakeview. You cannot have a nice dinner across from your guest and hear them. Tried it twice, third is not the charm!I hesitate to tell you about this amazing place because it will get too busy. Danny is amazing. The wine list is extensive and priced low. The food is exceptional.This Restaurant is unbelievable/ Service was great / had Crab Claws, Parmesan Soup, Pork Chop entrée.
Be sure and get the King Cake for dessert/ not what yu think / can't go wrong.
Definitely coming back......Beautiful fresh food, excellent service, nice ambiance.  A really enjoyable meal.  Full bar, extensive wine list with very reasonable prices.  Had a wonderful grouper special, flaky and mild with a perfectly seasoned brown butter sauce, fresh vegetables.  Lightly fried oyster appetizer with a nicely spiced 'Rockefeller' style spinach stuffing in the shell.  Just a delightful meal on white table clothes.  BeautifulCava is absolutely incredible! It will definitely be added to our list of our favorite date night places. I dont have pictures because everything was so good that we couldn't stop for a picture. The confit duck wings were to die for - I could eat those all day, every day. The crab legs appetizer was also delicious! For our main courses we had the pork osso bucco and the fried chicken. Both were delicious, but the pork was crazy good. It fell off the bone and the pairing of the pork with the mashed potatoes and gravy...perfect. This place is a must-try especially the duck wings and pork osso bucco. They were seriously that good.I'm convinced there has been a change of management but unfortunately not one for the better. This was not the cava I dined at 6 months ago. The service was sub par and the food was over priced for what it was, not to mention the completely different menu which excluded some of our favorites. We had the crab cakes which were roughly the size of a table spoon and completely lacking crab and a dish of shrimp scampi with what tasted like jarred sauce. The wait staff noisy wrapped silverware behind our table and often forgot we were there. I also called multiple times to get a reservation and no one ever picked up. We will not be returning.Heard about this restaurant on Harry Connick Jr show,one of his favorites.My daughter from Denver Co wanted to try it.We went twice,then when  her husband came in town we bragged so much about the great food,we all tried again.we really enjoyed the food,the waitress and waiters were very knowledgable with the menus We tried almost all,duck,soft shell shrimp.grits& shrimp fish.Topped it off with best Kingcake dessert ever.Y'all were right about 'dat king cake! Best thing I ate all night!! But overall, I found this place to be pretty mediocre. Service was fine (not super knowledgeable about menu questions I had), but he was super sweet. Cava was SO LOUD. I sat at a circular table of 8 ladies and could barely hear the gal two seats over. Anyway, the food itself: friend chicken, great...truffle mac, DRY! The duck, very good, despite the skin still being on...but there was an unidentifiable "spoonbread" I did not care for on my plate. Caesar salad, great. Drinks were yummy, but overall, I will only return for the KING CAKE!Absolutely amazing!!
The crab claws are out of this world.  The Osso Buco was wonderful!  Very good drinks and wonderful service.  The owner, Danny, is a delight.I had dinner here with my husband last night and it was a positive experience. We stopped in at 6:30 without a reservation and were seated immediately.   I'm glad we didn't dawdle, because by 6:45 there weren't many available tables in the main dining room. Lakeview restaurants really fill up quickly, especially on the weekends.
Our waiter brought us menus and a wine list right away but no cocktail menu. When I requested one I was informed that they don't have a cocktail menu, but they are happy to make any drink you'd like.  True to his word, he delivered a custom sangria to me that was delicious. My husband chose a wine by the glass but the waiter returned to let him know that the wine requested wasn't available. The hubs chose another and that one made it to him soon after.
It took a while from the time we received our drinks until we received bread and butter. A few minutes later the waiter took our order.
I went with the pork osso bucco with garlic mashed potatoes, and my husband ordered the scallops. 
For $34 my husband got 3 scallops. Yep. 3.  They were very tasty, but they were more like an appetizer. I ended up splitting my meal with him.
My $35 pork osso bucco had good flavor, but the mashed potatoes were watered down by a very thin gravy/sauce. And I find $35 to be a little high for pork osso bucco. Veal - sure, just not pork.
I want to be clear so that you all know that our food was yummy, our waiter was charming, and I'm appreciative that the bartender was so accommodating, 
Also, the owner stops at each table to welcome guests. He's personable and kind. It's a really nice touch.I have been to this restaurant many times. It tends to be a bit on the noisy side because it is always busy....but that is because the food is so good! This is a laid back high quality restaurant that Lakeview has always needed. Now there is no reason to go "downtown" or 'uptown" to find a good meal! This is not a place to go if you are in a hurry to eat and run, but if you are looking for a place to sit back and relax and have a great meal at a good price, this is it. And the staff could not be friendlier and willing to please.For such a new restaurant, we were definitely impressed. I have complete faith that in my next visit to Cava, the restaurant will earn that fifth star in my book. 
Firstly, don't try to walk in without reservations because there isn't much seating and you will be waiting a while (especially on a Friday night). Of course, we didn't mind. We waited at the bar and had some delicious, yet reasonably priced wine. Their wine by the bottle menu is pretty extensive, but the bartenders were very slow and seemingly inexperienced. There wasn't a cocktail list which disappointed me and other bar patrons around us, but that is where I gave Cava a break for being newly opened. Both of the owners came by numerous times to chat with us and make sure we were ok while waiting. They even bought us dessert later in the meal for being so patient. 
The crawfish and crab bisque was creamy, delicious and everything you look for in this soup. We didn't care for the crab cakes very much because they had too much breading for our taste and seemed to be deep fried instead of pan seared like we like them. That being said, the crab cakes were the only thing to disappoint us.
 Our entrees were phenomenal. The softshell crab topped with watermelon jelly and a watercress salad was huge, fresh, and fried to a fabulous crisp. My boyfriend's filet, for only $28, was juicy, flavorful and cooked to perfection. We really liked our server, Antonio, and we will ask to sit in his section when we return. Again, the two owners frequented our table and treated us like family. They even offered to move us to a more romantic table because a table near us was being a bit rowdy. 
The desserts, which were complimentary for us, were some of the BEST desserts I have ever tried. The bread pudding tasted as if it were made from beignets, and the praline cheesecake was life changing. 
For a nice dinner for two (including a bottle of wine), our tab was only $118. We will be returning soon to try everything on the menu.