Love this new neighborhood wine bar and restaurant! The beef rendang, mussels, and pomme frites were all excellent. We've already been back for more!Loved this place. Service was excellent, food excellent. Only complaint, Bloody Mary was just not good, bland.I'm a dedicated Nola foodie, and I can honestly say this is the best new brunch spot I've experienced here in quite some time. The Eggs Chais Delachaise and the French toast w/ strawberry compote are phenomenal! Service is top notch and the location can't be beat. Certain to soon be one of the hot new Uptown go to spots.You can wait quite awhile for service. We prefer to sit at the bar! Although it's still sometimes hard to catch someone's eye for a drink refill - the employees are always friendly and it's a great place in the neighborhood. $5 glasses Of wine and sparkly keep us popping in just for a glass or two during the week. Be patient and enjoy! Also like the coolhand cuke from the cocktails.Chais D is one of my favorite spots uptown. Most importantly their goose fat fries are out of this world - some of the best fries I've had anywhere. Additionally they have an outstanding selection of wine and several fun cocktails. I was curious about the frozen rosé trend and decided to investigate at Delechaise. It was definitely refreshing and I'm glad I tried it. I'll probably stick to the "normal" wine list from now on though. Also want to give my waiter Jeremy a shoutout! He was so attentive and gave great advice on what to order.The long awaited second restaurant from restaurateur Evan Hayes does not disappoint. Once again Evan has created a restaurant that fills a specific niche for a discerning local clientele. Unlike Delachaise, Chais Delachaise is a full service restaurant. This is a place where you feel very comfortable and catered to - chic yet not over done. Evan's wife's (designer Trace Hayes) discerning eye for detail can be seen through out. As one would expect with Evan the food is delicious and original the staff is smart and engaging. So nice to have this gem on Maple street ... Looking forward to spending more time in that delightful part of town.brunch took nearly 2 hours. service was slow and the waiter was not friendly, he was very rude.We sat outside and the service was marginal.  I ordered a vodka martini and got a gin martini.  When I got my vodka martini it tasted watered down.  The food was good but the rest turned me off. Very disappointedI really hate to write this review because I've been several times before and always had a positive experience. However, my most recent visit has ruined any of the positive ones. The service was atrocious.  I got there and was waiting for the rest of my party to arrive at the bar. Both people behind the bar completely ignored me until I basically had to grab one of them to get their attention. Ok, fine. Whatever. Sit down at our table and patiently wait to be served. No one comes for several minutes. Finally, I had to go grab our own menus at the host area. Ordered a few small plates that came out in decent fashion. After that, once again, we could NOT get them to pay us any attention. The waiter would pop up every once in a while and apologize up and down for us not being served timely, which is fine except for the fact that apology means nothing at all after about the fourth or fifth time. The place was not even busy! Half-full at best. We order another round of food and waited a while without seeing our waiter for an extended time before we realize that our order clearly wasn't placed. I finally get visibly angry and he returns to serve us. He says they'll comp our Tuna Poke bowl, but whatever else we wanted would have to be on their late night menu because by this point it was past 10 pm! The Poke bowl comes out and was a complete embarrassment. Dried up shitty shredded cabbage with hardly any fish. Took about two bites and just left the rest. I'm not sure if the staff was drunk or high or just useless, but there was definitely one little curly haired weirdo walking around that had to be on drugs. These people clearly took zero pride in their work and certainly won't get my business again. It got the second star only because the wine was good.We tried this over Thanksgiving weekend. It was delicious and we had great service. The place is cutely decorated with porch seating as well. Lots of restaurants nearby.Good food and service was fast. I do wish that they had served the appetizers first before the main course. They served all our food at once which was a little overwhelming. The food was priced well.More proof that creative fun restaurants can thrive in historic neighborhoods--in this case the Big Easy's Maple Street between Tulane University and the old Carrollton Courthouse. Chais Delachaise takes a historic bungalow and transforms it into a comfy bar, casual seating inside and out, with a creative, tasty fusion menu.
You start with drinks--renowned for its wine list and the number of solid wines you can buy by the glass--the Chais had plenty of patrons enjoying the vino last night. But I went for the judicious and reasonably priced bourbon list--plenty of my favs from KY--and later had the deep dark wonderful Founders Porter. In a word: our table said thumbs up to the drinks.
From the menu we went for the small plates--excellent grilled veggies with field peas; to die for goose-fat fried fries; grilled fresh shrimp (with heads and tails); then the bruschettas--excellent, excellent steak and mushroom versions. Both were spot on--the steak tender, juicy. The mushrooms--just the best ever.
I typically pass on deserts but that would be a mistake here. The flourless chocolate cake was a big hit and I loved my sorbet but the champ was the lemon icebox pie: certainly the best we have ever had in this city.
Although the place was crushed, service was outstanding. A delightful night in a neighborhood settingI love this place! The ambience is cozy, the food is delicious, and they have a great patio. I have had the pleasure in speaking to one of the owners in my visits and she's very hospitable. One of my favorite dishes is the crab and pepper salad. It's fresh and delicious. It's a special so grab it when you can! If you just want to go for some drinks and small plates, it's a great option. If you want an artfully crafted sit-down meal? Go for it. And the patio is dog-friendly, so bring your fur-kids!Came here last night with 3 girlfriends.  I made reservations.  We asked if we could sit in the back booth and she said we usually save that for 6 people...But I looked at the booth on the right and they had 4 people...but whatever!  We started off with wine.  I loved it.  I do find the prices on everything here is way overpriced! We had the pomme frites.  The fries were hot and the aoili is delicious.  We then got a cheese plate balarina and clermont.  Both were amazing.  I did find the bread a little to hard for my tasting and the bread wan't cut through.  I got the steak brushetta.  I am not a fan only had 2 couldn't even eat one.  Served cold was too rare and I wasn't a fan of the peruvian sauce.  Friend had the ceviche she loved it.  The 2 other friends had octopus and it was way too charred.  I tasted and spit it right out.  I was not a fan and way too dry.  We also got the mussels and they were okay.  I think they need to expand their menu.  For what you get the prices are too ridiculous.  I'd be back for wine and cheese and pomme frites.Cute place, came here with my husband. I had the Choy Bao. He had the Lamb Sliders.  It was all delicious. Also had a glass of frozen rosé, perfect for the hot humid afternoon. Will definitely come back to try their brunch menu!Outstanding global inspired menu; the Malaysian Beef Rendang is my favorite.  Wine list is huge and clearly inspired from the sister restaurant. The four of us ordered multiple small plates then passed them around. Thumbs up on all the dishes we tried. The cheese plate had this blue cheese with a wine crust that was absolutely ridiculous. Dessert was the flourless chocolate cake which we all loved too. Highly recommend.I agree with other reviews about being let down. I've been here twice now, and both times the food has been underwhelming. The ambiance is great, and they have a great outdoor patio, but the food was mediocre at best. The cheese board is definitely a stand-out, but the rest was bland for the steep pricing. Nice happy hour, though.Cocktails were a little heavy on the alcohol (as in they could've tasted a bit better). Waiters seemed generally confused about where they were supposed to be delivering food. Best thing they've got going on here is the atmosphere, which is very nice. You might be real close to your neighbors, though, so hopefully you aren't planning to discuss anything too intimate.Loved this place!!! The more casual friendly Delachaise. They have $5 wines what all the time... It was all night not just a happy hour. We had a ridiculous cheese platter... And omg the hot bread!!! We originally sat outside and as its late August is phenomenal. There were lots of fans with misters. We eventually moved to the bar inside and were welcomed by the bartenders and waitstaff... Of course we hailed our lovely server to close out and tip. Everyone was lovely and friendly. Fantastic experience can't wait to go back.Vistited on a Wednesday night with my daughter. The outside courtyard is charming with twinkle lights lots of quaint red two tops. It was slightly chilly so we chose to go inside. The inside is cute with chairs reminiscent of Parisian corner bistros. We started with glasses of a sparkling rose and ordered a sampling of the menu to share. The pomme frites with spicy ketchup and aioli were first up. These were the real deal, fresh cut, crispy with the sauces being a great compliment to each other of spicy and creamy. We had the mushroom bruschetta next which was our favorite of the night. A rich mixture of mushrooms and herbs with a heavenly aroma. 
My least favorite course was the soup, butternut squash bisque with apple and mirlton relish. It was good but lacked the sweetness expected of butternut and was not as special as the other dishes. 
Also had the cured trout and steak tartare which were both very good. The tartare was clean and low on the acid, which I liked. The trout was gobbled by my daughter but the bit I got was worthwhile. 
We ended with the lemon pound cake with blueberries which was very good, mellow lemon and moist. 
Overall, a great experience with great service in a charming environment. We will be back.New favorite place in New Orleans. Everything about this restaurant is awesome. Cant wait to go back. Servers are on top of it as well as the management. The manager came over to introduce himself was a great touch, Chris Fegan made our experience even better.We had some snacks and drinks here on our first evening in New Orleans. The cheese plate was amazing. Their selection was great, and the waitress was very attentive and kind.Disappointed in quality of food. Wine was good. But not enough variety some wines had lots of different options some had only 1. I found the food to be overpriced for what it was. The cheese board was amazing though.The staff is the best part.  The wine selection is great.  We were not wowed by the food.  The anchovy app didn't have tomatoes - we should have returned it, so that shouldn't be a negative but at those prices, it should be perfect.Great little wine bar. I've only gone for happy hour, so while I can't speak to their full menu, I will say they do a good job with happy hour. I've become a big fan of their duck fat fries-- phenomenal! And their wine list is diverse...I'm definitely not a wine person but I also seem to find something I like (with help from the waitstaff). Only real complaint is that service can be pretty slow. Other than than, good HH spot in Uptown!Came here for brunch to celebrate my friends birthday. I had the waffle, it was amazing! Definitely would get again. To start we ordered the fries and they were delicious, order one or two for the table to share. Atmosphere was great and service was perfect. I will be back.We had a wonderful evening at Chais Delachaise last week. I was visiting from Los Angeles, and found Chais Delachaise to be in league with the best local bistros in Venice or West Hollywood, but a little more conducive to relaxing and conversation. The wine list was impressive and diverse, with selections from around the world as well as the Napa/Sonoma area. Beers were also interesting, with good local choices. The bar manager was able to help us make excellent selections. The prices were just right.
The food was outstanding and very different. The chef uses the local seafood resources to build a menu with shrimp, scallops, and my favorite, the grilled octopus. We also had a memorable meatball appetizer with wonderful mustard dip, and the best french fries I've ever had in my life. I am usually not a fan of house-made ketchup, but the Chaise Delachaise version was good enough to take home. Steak and mushroom bruschetta appetizers were also delicious, and a wonderfully different take on bruschetta. For dessert we had a grilled peach with ice cream, and I tell you, peaches are so much better in the South than in the West! Sweet, tasty, and delicious.
A word about the excellent service. Our waiter, Remy, was always attentive and helpful, and the manager, Chris, made sure we were both well-fed and entertained with stories about growing up in Louisiana. We were encouraged to relax and have a good time, which was refreshing for someone who is used to trendy Los Angeles restaurants that hurry you through a meal with overly-loud music and patchy service. It was nice to be in a restaurant that is devoted to good food and drink, where the customer comes first.
I can't wait to go back to New Orleans, and I'm recommending Chais Delachaise to all my Los Angeles friends who are visiting NOLA this year.Stopped for late lunch. Mussels were excellent esp with the requested bread to dunk into the delicious broth. 
Lamb burger was tasty and the accompanying salad was fresh. 
Some drinks were happy hour prices. Loved it even though it was a rainy day.Everything in the restaurant is gorgeous. Love the look and feel. Super cute. A lot of drink options and great food! :)Too pricy for how little food you get. Honestly, unimpressed. I did enjoy the cheeseboard though. I got the Frose to drink, happy I tried it, but won't get it again. All in all, nice place to sit outdoors and get a drink, but only if you're willing to put some $$ into your evening.Ambitious menu but food didn't live up to expectations. Maybe it'll get better over time.Thought I'd try the new Maple St. location since I love the original on St. Charles - stopped at brunch time on a Saturday.  The staff is friendly and the wine selection is good.  The food...it was ok.  I had the shrimp starter - it was average tasting.  I also had the baked yam side - it was good, but not great.  Would I come back?  Probably so - but I'd stick to cheese plates and wine.  The other food is pricey and doesn't "wow" you.  Still love the original location.One of the first tables for brunch On a Sunday . Mimosas took about 20 minutes to get to the table because they had to fresh squeeze the oranges. Good drinks once they finally got to us . I had  the eggs chaise delachaise. The poached eggs were more like soft boiled eggs that did not have a runny yolk. They were barely  laced with a thin bearnaise sauce that was undetectable in flavor. I could not figure out what the Carolina griddle cake was exactly. It tasted like a deep sautéed patty of a cornmeal or corn flour cake .  The mirliton relish was pretty good . The oysters were flash fried. I tasted more of the thick crunchy batter on them more than the oyster. My friend had the croque Madame that was very good.Stopped in for a late night dessert. My wife had the Flourless Chocolate Cake which was heaven. I enjoied a couple pints of Founders Porter on draft. Avoid sitting in the small tables near the bar. The red stools are uncomfortable sit at the instead, those stools are much more comfortable. The rest menu looks great, we will back to sample more food. Staff was super friendly.After the reviews I was expecting something great and they just didn't deliver tonight. The host didn't even say hello - he huffed as he searched for our reservation and then instructed another host to "just put them over there" 
Then our waiter dropped off menus and 30 minutes later, we asked if we could please place a drink order. He finally took our order and we were excited for the food to make up for the service. It did not. 
The entrees were not good - bland and not good. The fries and steak tartare were great. Drinks were good. 
I'll go back in a year once they've had the chance to work out the kinks. Really wanted to love this place.Went on a Thursday night and I was quite busy! Super cute romantic place for a date night! Got the mussels and frites, the daily special- porchetto fritto, and the bitterballens and the grilled peaches for dessert. 
The porchetto Fritos were to die for! It was perfect!!! Slow roasted pork, eggplant fritters w/ tomato sauce. SupeWent on a Thursday night and I was quite busy! Super cute romantic place for a date night! Got the mussels and frites, the daily special- porchetto fritto, and the bitterballens and the grilled peaches for dessert. 
The porchetto Fritos were to die for! It was perfect!!! Slow roasted pork, eggplant fritters w/ tomato sauce. Super yummy! Thought the bitterballens were really good by itself. Wasn't fond of the wasabi mustard like sauce it comes with. 
The mussels and frites- of course the frites were super addictive! And the grilled peaches- it was different with the tarragon ice cream! They both complemented each other perfectly. r yummy! Thought the bitterballens were really good by itself. Wasn't fond of the wasabi mustard like sauce it comes with. 
The mussels and frites- of course the frites were super addictive! And the grilled peaches- it was different with the tarragon ice cream! They both complemented each other perfectly.Love the vibe happening at this new spot! Food was delicious- especially the lamb sliders and trout. Excellent service. Can't wait to go back for more!We were visiting from out of town and came in for their Thanksgiving dinner and it was truly an unforgettable experience. The atmosphere was so nice and pleasant I didn't want to leave. I got the butternut squash bisque to start and an entree of roasted turkey breast topped with gravy and served with mashed potatoes, cornbread stuffing, collard greens and cranberry sauce. It was truly the best Thanksgiving dinner I have ever had, taste-wise (sorry auntie). Every element of the plate was so perfectly prepared I would literally ditch my family next year too just to be able to eat here again. Though it wasn't too crowded, the service was perfect and we had multiple employees come to check on us and fill our water attentively. We finished with the flourless chocolate cake which was very rich and not too sweet, the perfect finish to an excellent meal. Our bar tender/waiter was so incredibly nice that when we moved to the bar for an after dinner drink he sat and talked with us until close and told us about good places to go in each neighborhood and gave us advice. I'm so happy we chose to come here for Thanksgiving and would definitely come back as soon as I can.This was one of the best culinary experiences in my life. The grilled octopus and the sake steamed kale were wonderful. The staff and service we excellent.   I can't wait until we go back.  Chuck N Burton Mi.Fantastic; great add on to Maple restaurant row.
Staff is great; Chris plays like a real neighbor.
Wine list impeccable as expected.
Food is fantastic.
A Must!Amazing food! Amazing atmosphere! Definitely a little pricey i'd say.. my boyfriend and I order two apps and two entrees and a glass of wine which marked up to be $80. We didn't complain though bc the whole experience was worth it. You can def go and not spend $80 if you're smart! Only CON is you only get four oysters with the oysters and brie and it was my favorite dish of the evening!This place came up on my radar on a recent trip to New Orleans. It's close to Loyola where our son goes and the reviews were great, so we decided to give it a try. It's cute I would say on the outside with a small terrace for outdoor seating. As I recall they had misters to keep anyone brave enough to venture out in August cool.
It's small inside too but not cramped. Tables are close but the tall ceilings and plants help break up the space. 
My son had the moules frites, my husband had the strip steak and I had the market fish special -- all were really good. Definitely a good find in Uptown!
PS They run a tight menu with limited selection but that tells me they're confident in the food they're putting out.As big fans of The Delachaise, my husband and I were very excited to try this new restaurant near Riverbend. We tried the pommes frites, bruschetta with white anchovies, mussels, and lettuce cups. The pommes frites were amazing, similar to those at the original location. The flavor on the mussels was good. However, the bread that accompanied the bruschetta and mussels was burned, and the lettuce wrap filling was almost non-existent. I had to tear away huge chunks of the lettuce cups just to taste the filling. We hope that the restaurant works out some of these kinks, as we had high hopes and tonight was its grand opening.We loved this place! Cheese board, fries, ceviche, oysters... all amazing. Cute place, inviting decor, wonderful service.Friendly staff and cute spot to get drinks. We didn't have any thing to eat, just drinks. Parking was a little challenging in this area, that was the only problem.When I heard a new, "fancier" Delachaise was opening on Maple, I was eager to try it.
I stopped in during happy hour literally as the place was opening one Tuesday. We sat at the bar, drank wine and took in the atmosphere on a lovely summer afternoon. The setup here is completely different from the *other* Delachaise- the emphasis here is very much on good food, cocktails and wine. They have a full menu and seating inside and outside for those who come for dinner.
On this day, we decided to get some $5 wine and the goose fat fries, just because I think you have to get these fries when you are at any Delachaise- it's the rule. Of course, they were as perfect as they always are and although I didn't try any other food, I was happy that the fries are as good as this location as the other one.
I almost wish I had stayed longer because I would love to do a full dinner here and try some of the cocktails. I think this is a great addition to the area and it's nice to have a bar on this street that isn't college oriented. I'll be back, probably to grab some drinks during happy hour again.My brother and I went here for the first time last night.  There were so many interesting choices we decided to try the "small plates" and sides for dinner, and each dish was truly excellent. The Aloo Gobi was unbelievably good, nice and spicy, with complex seasoning. The Oyster Brie is a crazy delicious combination of a fried oyster, spinach, melted brie and a little piece of bacon.  The goose fat fries were nice and crispy, though for us they could have used a bit more salt.  The Brussels sprouts were perfectly roasted and seasoned, with a little char and a hint of what they told us was preserved lemon.  The crabmeat ceviche had big chunks of tangy sweet crab, and the mushroom bruschetta was piled high with tasty mushrooms.  The service was charming and attentive, and the waiter made a nice suggestion for wine to go with the Aloo Gobi.  We'll definitely be back!Delacbaie 2.0 is a win! There's ample outdoor seating for the upcoming fall nights,  and the inside vibe is just as romantic. The warm lighting and friendly staff are a great welcome.
We were a party of 6 and were seated in a cozy corner booth. Our server was quick to take our drink order, and helped us navigate the menu for shareable plates. We tried a variety of tapas-like items from a cheese plate to beef carpaccio. Everything we had was delicious, and paired well with our wine. 
This is a great place to come for a weekday drink or a first date. I ordered a frozen cocktail that was delicious! My next drink was a Vesper (aka the shaken not stirred James Bond drink), it was delicious. Kudos to the bartender and staff- they were speedy and patient with us. #ComeOnDownPretentious uptown dive. Pretty city girls and dbags alike flock to this restaurant which serves up overpriced brasserie bites in an entitled, pompous porthole of New Orleans glory. Rejoice, yuppies and elitists!!Stopped in on a Friday night with no reservations and was immediately sat outside (upon my request). My 2 friends and I ordered wine and a cocktail along with olives,cheese plate, and Brussel sprouts. Service was great!!! We were checked on several times during the night even though inside was pretty busy. The food was delicious and definitely worth a repeat visit. Jasper was very friendly and took great care of us. Also great for people watching on the patio if that's your kind of thing !This place is filled with light during brunch and feels as fresh as its food! The poached eggs here are amazing, and the fried oyster dish is cooked and assembled to perfection. The chefs here obviously put a lot of love and detail into their dishes. Great food and vibes for a family brunch or a sweet night out on the town.Food not as good as the original Delachaise in my opinion. Also sad that they don't offer the amazing chocolate soufflé they make at St. Charles location.A wonderful addition to the Maple Street scene. We've now been there both for Sunday brunch and a mid-week meal. The food exceeded expectations both times-- creative adaptations of traditional recipes with top notch ingredients. Grilled octopus comes with a grapefruit reduction that is a perfect accompaniment to the charred tentacles. The strip steak was steakhouse quality. The $5.00 wine specials are a great idea-- more like the price of a glass of good but not extravagant wine if you were in France.It was kind of dead when I went on a Friday evening, but my friend and I decided to stay and try it out.... had the frozé which tasted like Flintstones Vitamins. The red wine we drank after was good; thanks to the great bartender for helping us pick. Then we had the shrimp app which was very good. The bathrooms are cleanly, staff is gracious.
Will give it another try soon.I had the 5 wines for $5 which was very delicious and cheap! I had the goose fat pommes frites which had a great aioli sauce and a good marinara sauce. Then I got the euro 21 cheese board with tarragon butter, lavender honey goat cheese, aged Gouda and assorted fruits and meats. It's was delicious!!Chaise Delachaise is a nice restaurant that tries really hard but misses more than they ought. The ambiance is nice - for NOLA exceptionally so. The food ranged in quality. The appetizers we tried were generally a miss. The olives were so soaked in vinegar that my girlfriend refused to eat them. Her mussel plate was well cooked and fresh, but the sauce didn't match the meal. My steak was tasty. The wine was excellent. Staff were inattentive. 
For $150, I didn't see the value. For that price I expected to be wowed by the food or experience. "Seafood, Caribbean, American (New)" is apt description: the restaurant is confused. They'd do well to improve consistency and focus their menu.My bf and I dined here 2 weeks ago (to celebrate our anniversary) and I think about this place every. single. day. That's how good it was!! The atmosphere was incredible, the service was great, the food was WOW. I usually avoid eating out because I often find myself disappointed in quality/taste/price etc, but not this place. Chais Delachaise was perfect!Bursting with globe-trotting flavors to complement the refined selection of wines! Chais Delachaise offers small bites of delectable morsels which will satisfy the most discerning of palates.  
Beef Rendang - harmonious blend of spices enshrouds tender bites of meat with a side of refreshing cucumber salad. 
Moules - heaven in a bowl: fresh mussels cooked to perfection served in a coconut sauce skillfully infused with exotic aromas of lemongrass, kaffir and ginger. Whether you choose the fresh bread or pommes frites to soak the intoxicating goodness, you will surely enjoy it to the very last drop. 
Juniper-citrus cured steelhead trout - on point treat of flavors - pickled fennel is that something you crave to underscore skillfully cured trout. The sauce on the side is not only artistic but delish! 
Choy Bao - crisp, fresh and bursting with flavor. 
Bitterballen  - a fun twist on the Deutschland staple complemented perfectly with the in Chais whole grain mustard (...which should be bottled for sale...)
Mushroom bruschetta - close your eyes... you are in Europe
Desserts... Yes, you DO have room for this desert:
Flourless Chestnut Chocolate Cake - ...enough said, yet it rests on a cloud of divine house-made mascarpone with a zing of fresh apricot compote. 
Lemon Yogurt pound cake - light and heavenly, with a delicate veil of tarragon vanilla bean ice cream. Blueberry cabernet coulis  and lemon glaze add depth to this indulgence.I really like the atmosphere of this place. I went here like a Friday during happy hour. It was quaint and not too noisy, a very good vibe. 
The drinks were good I like the $5 house specials. I had a sparkling rosé that was delicious.
The food however was not my favorite. We ordered the French fries which were good because hard to mess up fries. We also ordered the meatballs with couscous to share. The meatballs were so dry and yuck but the couscous was good. 
Overall a good place to go to grab a drink don't recommend if your looking to get full and enjoy a meal.Great atmosphere, super friendly staff, and delicious food. They've got tons of interesting and unique menu items that cater to any preferences/dietary restrictions, and everything we ordered was delicious! It's well priced for the portions and the quality of the food without being too much. My only complaint is that my salad was a bit underdressed, which made it bland and slightly unmemorable, but everyone else in our party of 6 was impressed!Really cute place with good food! The chai masala gelato was great. It was a little expensive but a great place for an a nice dinnerHo-Lee Shit! We stumbled upon this gem by accident when out walking the neighborhood in search of eats. I was lured in by the blackboard touting steak tartare and was far from disappointed. The bernaise butter really brought the sweet meat home. Next up was something yummy wrapped in lettuce with pork,and some lamb sliders to finish up. What can I say, I'm a shitty vegan. 
Add in solid service and music stolen from my iPod and I'm a happy camper. I'm a happy camper.Wonderful dinner / great atmosphere.  Best moules and frites in town. Mango chicken is the best. Bruschetta in 3 varieties / all excellent. For dessert the pound cake is superlative.   This place never disappoints.This is a terrific restaurant. Both our greeter and server we're the best we've experienced yet in NOLA (and this is my 3rd visit). Here's a breakdown of our food choices and ratings:
Aloo Gobi cauliflower & jasmine rice: perfectly done,  nice curry kick - 5 stars
Lentil soup - well spiced, needed a touch more salt, hearty consistency, huge portion - 4 stars
Morrocan Meatballs over cous cous - absolutely sensational - 5 stars
Octopus appetizer - my least favorite but nicely prepared and displayed - 4 stars
Fried oyster appetizer over spinach - absolutely delicious, but a little pricey for 4 pieces - 5 stars
Charcuterie plate appetizer - various meats & cheeses. Fine selection, though another cheese instead of compound butter would be an improvement - 4 stars
We also enjoyed their extensive tap beer selection, appropriately priced wines by the glass, and several fine Bourbons (e.g. Basil Hayden for $11!)
All in, this was one of the best restaurants we have enjoyed in NOLA. Just a few blocks from Tulane & Loyola campuses, it's a must try!Sunday brunch to celebrate Tulane graduation, was wonderfully accommodating for a good size group during a bad rain storm.  The staff was so pleasant and wonderful as people arrived in several groups.  The patio was just fine in the rain, even gave us a compelling ambiance.  The food was great, cheese boards and wine are a must for us (we frequently visited during the school year), but the entrees were great too, something for everyone.Chais Delachaise, like it's big brother location on St Charles is one of my favorite spots for day drinking.  This location is much smaller and has the feel of sitting in someone's house or on their front porch.  It's just that comfortable.  They call themselves a Wine Bistro but they have a full bar and craft brews too. 
The lady friend and I stopped in recently for a few drinks and luckily it just happened to be happy hour.  Their Happy Hours are 3-6 and I believe that is 7 days per week.  We were here on a Saturday so I know it's at least 6.  I was able to get an Old Fashioned and she got a glass of wine for 5.00 each.  We paired that with their awesome goose fat fries.  The fries come with a spicy ketchup(good) and a fru-fruey mayonnaise(queue the barf emoji.  Sorry I hate mayo even if you call it aioli).  These fries are phenomenal and perfect to munch on with a few cocktails.
The front porch is the place to be when the weather is nice out.  It's cozy and at night they have string lights that make it the perfect spot to chill.Delightful place. Welcoming and relaxed atmosphere. Food is delicious. Pomme frites, Brussels sprouts, croque monsieur, spinach and Swiss omelet, sweet potato bread pudding... everything was amazing! The staff's phenomenal. They really take care of you. Found it by chance. Highly recommend!!!Very cute restaurant!!!!! Perfect if you are in a fancy mood or for a date. Good food and drinks, love the Frośe and outdoor seating.Better wine and cocktail bar than restaurant. Good Happy Hour drink specials: $7 for about 5 choices of cocktails. Cauliflower with wing sauce is amazing but octopus was tough and rubbery and mushroom bruschetta was nondescript. Very nice servers and the bartender is excellent.Just moved into the neighborhood and are still waiting for our washing machine to be delivered. Decided to wash a few loads on Maple St. and ran into this quaint spot.
Excellent service and very knowledgeable staff...Such a cute spot with great happy hour drink specials and out of this world fries (that malt vinegar dipping sauce though, y'all!!!!). I've been a loyal fan of the original delachaise for a few years now and am very impressed with this mini version as well-actually prefer this location. Will definitely return.This place is super convenient to get to from Tulane. They have WONDERFUL happy hour specials, free WiFi and the staff is really nice. Their $3 wines during happy hour are fancy and flavorful. You have reds, whites and roses (both still and sparkling) to choose from. There's indoor and outdoor seating. One time, my friend and I split one of the sparkling rose bottles and it was only $15! They kept it in ice for us and everything. 
My only comment is that the cheese plates compared to the ones at the flagship location on St Charles are really small.Everyone was very friendly and the food was great! What a completely random mix of foods, but all of it was delicious. For a group of three of us, we split the  African Meatballs (super delicious, nice flavor and great couscous), Ahi Poke Bowl (very fresh and refreshing), the Sake Steamed Kale (tasty and spicy and warming to the soul), & the Curry Cauliflower (pretty spicy, super flavorful). Plenty of food for three of us. 
Also, for outside seating, they have heat lamps and blankets to put across your lap. Super cozy!
Would give 5 stars, but the service was SUPER slow. Don't go here if you're in a time crunch. But, if you have some time to sit and enjoy nice ambiance/meal , give it a try!Got off to a bumpy start. We sat for 15+ minutes before finally flagging down a waiter. Obviously, no one wanted to claim our table. Once we got that straight, though, we were well taken care of. Possibly growing pains? The food and wine were great. Highly recommend the curried meat dish. Great atmosphere.I  recently visit chais Delachaise on maple street, I was never so disappointed and  disrespected in my life. I ask to me the Sous Chef name Adam.. He was walking toward our table and noticed we were African Americans and I had gay friend with me. Sous Chef Adam went to the next table. I finally got Sous Chef Adam attention and he stated your people shouldn't eat here. Never was so respected in my life. Please don't eat at Chais Delachaise....I just had wine from here they had a really good 1/2 off any bottle of wine happy hour situation that was nice. It was busy i imagine the food is goodThe food was delicious and comparable to Delachaise on St. Charles. The atmosphere was different. I actually like this location a little better in terms of its space, cleanliness and feel. Of course, Delachaise in St. Charles will always be the original - it's just nice to know this location is there and offers a more low-key vibe with great food.This is one of my favorite places to go. No matter whether you sit inside or outside you get great service.
And the food! I've never had a bad meal here. And I've been here a ton. Everything from little snacks to full meals to accompany my glass (or bottle) of wine.
It's not a huge place, so on a busy night you might feel claustrophobic, but the ambiance is still somehow relaxing.I have a really rough time giving this place four stars. But the experience my husband and I had for our anniversary makes me not want to give it five.  We are early eaters and typically don't experience much issue with other people in restaurants because of it. Sporadically we will have run-ins with parents taking their kids before the dinner rush.  
When we went in March, we were seated in a nearly empty restaurant next to three drunk cackling women at 5 PM. I asked if we could move and we were moved directly next to a table of Tulane students talking about getting black out drunk. The space is small so there really wasn't a better option. I just would have preferred a better crowd.
The food was excellent and the service was fine. We split a bottle of wine and split most of the items on the menu. 
I know it's not the restaurants fault. I want to give a five star rating but it's hard after our experience. Will definitely change this if we go back and have a different experience.Waiters didn't care to be polite when their tip was prepaid due to a big tab. Made rude side comments and were very slow. Food was good though-service not so great.