My husband and I have been to Charlie's a couple of times for his birthday, and each time, we left quite satisfied. The service is impeccable and the food is what you would expect from an old school steakhouse. This a true meat and potatoes place and why my husband loves it. It is, to be candid, not my type of restaurant. I like food that is a little more creative and lighter. However, to celebrate my husband's birthday, we needed to get what he wanted and what the man always wants is STEAK! No frills, just a good man steak. With that said, I did enjoy my meal, especially the onion rings. They are crisp and super thin just the way I like them. I really enjoyed the filet I had as well, and my husband had no complaints and no leftovers of his cow sized steak. And though I tried to get him to go to where there is a tad more flare, we are going back again for his birthday this year. But I am looking forward to a predictably good meal and service (and a great coolinary deal!) After all, if you want some good meat and potatoes, Charlie's is the place to go!
Update: We just went back for our third visit and the onion rings, steak, and service were great! However, we were seated upstairs, and I must say the decor is unappetizing! What a disastrous hodgepodge of tacky pictures and cheap artwork. There's even a life sized Elvis and Elvira (Mistress of the Dark). Come on Charlie's! Please do something to improve the ambience of your restaurant!Wow! So yummy. These folks are on point. My friend and I realized after we saw the size of our steak, the filet, that we could have shared.  That may not seem like a lot to eat, but after you partake in the onion rings (shared by 4), the wedge salad (2 people shared), the potatoes au gratin (4 people shared) AND the crabmeat au gratin (a Lenten special shared by 4), you can see how the steak can be shared. Maybe we shouldn't have ordered so many sides and apps?  Bite your tongue.  They were delicious and can't be missed!!  Bring those leftovers home so you can enjoy them the next day.They have a small menu. And that is understandable since they do everything on their menu very well. A small but EXCELLENT menu beats an extensive mediocre menu every time for me. The onion rings are perfect and to die for. They are a must. So crispy and thin, perfect balance of onion and batter. The filet was delicious and yummy as always. The sides were perfect compliments to the steak. I opted for potatoes au gratin and the vegetables. The potatoes were cheesy and cooked to perfection. The vegetables were cooked just right. They were out of the crabmeat au gratin during this trip, but if it's available, get that! The ice cream was interesting. It was cinnamon and nutmeg I believe. It was different, not bad but not my favorite either. The decor is definitely old school but that's charming in a city that's becoming so modern. The waitstaff is very professional and definitely know what they're doing. This was only our second time but the waitress we had the first time recognized us and greeted us. I know it's silly but small things like that make me smile. I like that they have their own little parking lot super close by. I only wish they had a different selection for dessert.Let me just start off saying that their onion rings are addictive. You cannot visit this place and not have them; it's actually very hard to keep your hands off of them.  The steak was actually probably one of my favorites in the city. Really delicious and flavorful. I paired that with some creamy spinach and I was in some strong like. The food was delicious.
The service was really good when I went. The waiter was engaging and kept making food suggestions and even tempting us with more onion rings and complimentary spumoni from Brocato's; so you definitely can't go wrong with that.
The location and atmosphere is definitely old school; so I can definitely get with it. This is a preferred place for doing an early dinner in my opinion.We always enjoy Charlie's. The service is always good. The onion rings, wedge salad with blue cheese is fantastic. The steaks are good, usually cooked to temperature but they lack seasoning, I always need to add salt. I've been many times and on occasion the steak will be a little charred and stuck to the hot plate, needs more butter to avoid this. Overall I really enjoy it, especially the coolinary and feasts.Can I tell you how my husband and I met someone on the trolley here in NOLA that recommended this restaurant and we are NOT sorry we welcomed that suggestion!!! This was by far the best meal we had this visit, hubby has been craving steak all week and we've been bouncing around the more popular spots in the Warehouse District, but THIS place here is EVERYTHING!!! 
Our Ribeye looked sooo good and tasted even better, I forgot to get a photo  of it! You must get the Onion Rings, a half order was plenty for the two of us and the Wedge Salad was super crisp!  You gotta go, you must go...GO!! Scarlett was the sweetest server ever!I'll start with the good and end with the bad. The place itself is very cool. It has an old-school charm to it that is hard to replicate. The service was great, the onion rings were delicious and the mushrooms.... oh those mushrooms... were the best I've ever had, and I love mushrooms. The wedge salad was very good but in my opinion overrated. My husband and I had the NY Strip because that is typically our favorite cut of meat. If you go to Charlie's, don't have the NY Strip. Have the Filet. Everyone else at our table ordered the filet and we had food envy the rest of the evening. The potatoes augratin are definitely overrated. The way people talk about them you would think they are made out of gold. Realistically, anything smothered in cheese sauce will taste good but is it really something to write home about? I don't think so. Now the worst. The cocktail. When you first walk in you see a beautiful old bar that many restaurants would pay a high dollar for to get that "vintage" feel. My husband and I asked the waiter what their specialty drink is and he replied, "we specialize in old-school classic drinks". Awesome! My husband and I happen to love classic drinks. We ordered our favorite, the Sidecar. When our much anticipated drinks arrived, we sipped and were immediately disappointed. I asked our waiter how the bartender makes his sidecar and his response was "brandy and margarita mix". I repeat... brandy and MARGARITA MIX. Gasp. He asked what we were expecting and I informed him that a sidecar typically has equal parts of brandy or cognac, Grand Marnier or Cointreau and lemon juice. He corrected me by saying "well you should have ordered top shelf". Never have I ever ordered a Sidecar and received Margarita Mix, let alone in a restaurant that "specializes" in classic drinks. All in all, it was a nice place and I'm glad we went, but I wouldn't go back.St. Patrick's Day in NOLA is so much fun!  To end our day we decided to go to Charlie's and we were so pleased. Excellent food, served in a relaxed atmosphere. Would highly recommend it.We had a very good meal here a few weeks ago.  We opted for the Winter Feast which includes the onion rings, salad, steak and dessert.
Everything was very good.  The steak could have used more seasoning, but that is a personal preference.  I ordered mine rare, and it actually was blue (cold center).  Now I know to order it medium rare, no big deal.  We had the creamed spinach and mushrooms as our sides.  Both were delicious.
Looking forward to the next special occasion so we have an excuse to go back.Their steaks are so good. The salad and creamed spinach are also my favorites. Parking is limited (they have a lot on the side) or just park on the street. 
Waiters are nice and professional. They have a bar when you walk in. Seating is on the smaller size, but I think they have seating upstairs.Great t-bones and filets, relaxed casual atmosphere, good sides, perfect blue cheese salad, no menu. 
We just came here for our anniversary and I think we may make a tradition out of it. My husband and I split a 10 oz filet ($23), potato au gratin, blue cheese salad and angelo's spumoni dessert with beer and coca cola drinks for $53 with tip. It was definitely enough food for two and was one of the best filets we've ever had.
Started the night off at Pascal Manale's literally 50 steps away with some raw bar oysters.T-Bone was awful - just a cheap quality steak. My hubby loved his filet. I went back and had the tuna, which was perfect. Onion rings are well worth the fat splurge. Salads not so good. Potato Au Gratin very good. Decor - well, go for the onion rings, not the decor. Good cosmo's!Great meal. Had filet cooked perfect chared medium rare. Wedge salad blue cheese. Cheesey potatoes. Paul bartenter the best with many stores. Ine of the best old fashion meals in nola.Good steaks but not great. For the money, I'll go somewhere else. I think Houston's steaks are better considering everything from the wine to the sides.Wow, what a great experience! Called for a reservation(around 515pm), and was informed that they were booked for the evening (Saturday night). The wife and I drove around trying to decide where to have dinner, and finally she suggested that we just go, sit at the bar and see if someone canceled. Luckily we got a table, Mathew, the manager was super cool and our server Christina was awesome!  
I did read some of the reviews prior, and agree the steak needed a little salt and pepper. But the were cooked to perfection, super tender and flavorful. The sides were really good, o rings, mushrooms and potatoes augratin (sp). 
Will definitely be back with friends!!!I would definitely recommend this place to anyone coming down here. Filet was phenomenal, as were the potatoes au gratin (just don't ask how much cheese & butter goes into them). Not in the French Quarter, but totally worth the cab ride! Both the manager, Glenn, and the owner, Matt, were super nice and our waiter, Steve, was great too! Cannot recommend this place enough!My latest visit to Crescent City Steakhouse has had me craving more red meat and old school ambience, so it was a great time to check out Charlie's. We decided to try their Coolinary special and I highly recommend doing the same. Dimon Dave (it was on the receipt) was an excellent character to guide us through our adventure into this old school domain. Décor? It is reminiscent of a family restaurant, sparse, just a couple of pictures on the wall. But guess what?  You don't need it. Dimon asks us for our drink orders, offers a wine list, and that's the last menu we will see.  We choose a bottle of wine and are made aware that our onion rings will be out shortly. A pile of hot crispy onion strings arrive and the meal is off with a bang. So delicious and greasy, we couldn't stop eating them. But wait, our guide warns us as he moves the plate slightly out of our reach; I have plans for these remaining ones. Then the classic wedge covered in tangy bleu cheese makes an appearance. Use these as croutons our wise leader informs the table. Oh yes. Our sizzling 10oz filets then make their appearance. They were cooked to the requested medium rare and delicious. Add in some cheesy potatoes and butter coated sautéed mushrooms and we are stuffed. Is this the best food in NOLA? Nope. Is it a great place to have a relaxed enjoyable meal with friends and family? Absolutely. Will I be back? Oh, yeah.I've eaten at Charlie's before, and my meal there this evening reminded me why I enjoy it so much- good service, convenient uptown location, and simple but good food. 
If you're expecting an exciting menu with an array of options, don't dine here. This place has steak and traditional sides, and nothing more! Charlie's is nothing if not predictable, and sometimes that is exactly what you want out of dinner.I will have to give their steaks another try before I give a fair review of them but I will say they have the best onion rings I've ever had. I love adding them to my salad, which for me is very good considering I normally skip salads. 
I love the authenticity of the place and our waiter was fun. Didn't give us menus because he said "Why bother, here's what we got." 
As far as the steak, mine was okay. I really want to try them again so this is to be continued...Delicious steak! I took my aunt to eat here and it was delicious!!! Great service too.Are there nicer, more posh, trendier steak houses in the city?  Sure, but while it's not the cheapest steak house in town on the one hand, you won't get as much meaty bang for your buck as they pack in at Charlie's.  No written menu, but you don't need one.  You can get a filet or a ribeye or get both and get a T-bone.  Comes in a sizzling plate of butter.  Sides include steak fries, some divine onion rings, potatoes au gratin (heavy on the cheese and butter, maybe a slice of potato in there) and some mushrooms bordelaise.  The house salad is a wedge of crisp iceburg lettuce drowned in chunky blue cheese dressing.   The wine selection is respectable as well.  Nothing too ostentatious, but the wines are well matched to the food.I was curious about the place because according to friends and their website they claim to be the oldest steakhouse in New Orleans, as well as the 7th oldest restaurant overall.  There was definitely an old-school feel surrounding the entire place, even with apparently new ownership post-Katrina and a remodeled first floor.  The place just LOOKS out-of-date, no matter what they've tried to do with the decor.  And of course, NO MENUS.
THE GOOD
Onion rings: You know when you go to Outback or Lonestar and get the bloomin' onion or onion flower or whatever they call it, and it comes out drenched in oil and soggy and greasy?  Well, Charlie's onion rings are nothing like that.  The junk food aficionado in me believes there are four important traits to a good onion ring: crispiness, flakiness, low oil, light batter.  While the batter was slightly strong, they hit a home run on the other three traits.  Not to mention that it was a massive serving; anyone who's ever been to a state fair of any kind probably can understand the size I'm talking about.
THE BAD
Salad: A joke.  Maybe a quarter of an iceberg head with a tomato slice, drenched in Italian dressing. If my momma didn't raise me right and made sure I cleared every plate, I wouldn't haven't taken more than one bite.  Honestly pretty disgusting.
PURGATORY
Steak: "The Charlie", their 32-oz T-bone, paired with "Charlie's World Famous Potatoes au Gratin".  The T-bone came on a sizzling hot platter, which I guess helped keep the meat warm throughout the meal. I ordered medium rare and it was probably cooked about as close to that request as possible considering how thick the cut was.  As expected, the short loin side was a tad overcooked - around medium - compared to the tenderloin/filet side - around medium rare - but all things considered it was pretty good execution.  Flavor-wise, it seemed almost unseasoned and looked that way too...just pure steak flavor.  Potatoes were pretty good; simple too, but an extremely tiny portion.
Service: the staff was friendly and willing to answer any questions (it's how I found out about the new ownership and renovations) but maybe a tad un-attentive (example - having to wait 5 minutes for a water refill in a nearly-empty restaurant with only one other table seated).
OVERALL
If you're looking for a bare-bones steakhouse where you don't have to deal with tourists or the swanky types, Charlie's is your place.  There are spots with better steak cuts and flavors, along with much better sides, but they're usually accompanied by a higher bill and chic-y, uptight ambiance.  Nothing terrible but nothing really special either.If you are planning on going here, be aware - they are closed Sundays and Mondays.
This was excellent. We went for a friends birthday, and all I can think of is how I can't wait to get back. 
It is definitely an unassuming place, tucked away into a neighborhood, It doesn't really stand out. Inside, the atmosphere itself is also pretty bland. Dark, with some pictures on the walls. Nothing like Fridays, but not as undecorated as your bachelor pad, either.
The only menu is the wine list, everything else your server is going to have by memory. Couple of different cuts of steak, couple of different ways to have them cooked (of course, unless your are some kind of uncultured Visigoth, there is really only one way to have them cooked - Medium Rare - otherwise you are ruining a perfectly good cut of meat.)
There are a bunch of family style sides you can order (be aware, if you are dining on a budget, this is where a huge bill comes from.) They will push the onion rings on you - GET THEM. They are excellent, and can be used to turn your good salad into an EXCELLENT salad.
The service was quick, and our waiter was awesome and very personable. The food was outstanding - I mean, really damn good. If we weren't so full (and drunk,) we would have ordered another meal right there.
Best of all, is we were very surprised by our bill. 5 people, all had drinks, and we were well below 300 - I believe it was around 220, but I can't remember for sure. I should add that we drank a lot.
Excellent experience - highly recommend, and will definitely be back.Certain meals are freakin a notch above the rest.  This steak was out of this world.  A local told us that charlies steak house was the place for his "birthday dinner". We jumped on the st Charles street car,  got off at nepolean and walked 3 safe blocks and ate like a king and queen.  Service was great.  Thanks Steve and David.  ... btw Dixie beer rocks.OK, I haven't been here for 20 years so factor that in when you read my review. Also factor in how well I remember the steaks there. Yea, they made an impression on my two trips to Charlies. 
A friend took my working partner and I there, all sweaty and dirty after tennis at Audubon park (we did throw on some jeans in the parking lot). It was, in a word, an unforgetable experience. Steaks were yummy, juicy, and tender. Au Gratin potatoes were great and the wedge serviceable. I'm pretty sure we had a Bud or some whiskey. Upstairs decor? Kinda like sitting at someone's house. Tacky when compared to "fine" steakhouses but somehow it fit this place to a "t". You want a different experience in steaks? This IS the place.If I wanted to take someone special for a nice dinner this would be the place. I mean yeah, it's pricey, but well worth it. Steaks are great, service is wonderful. I admit my first experience here was almost surreal. I'd never been to a place that sits you down and tells YOU what you're having for the evening. No menu, just a few options, which is great for me cause I am easily overwhelmed by too many choices. Appreciate them keeping it simple. The steaks were awesome and the onion rings were good too. I wasn't expecting that big of a pile of onion rings. Blew away all my expectations, great place. Worth it everytime. 
Did I mention the service? Phenomenal. Real nice guy told me what I would be eating and answered all my questions without ever losing his smile. Made me feel welcome. I'll be back.Really enjoyed it. Good steak and nice sides. Service was good. Be prepared for the little aluminum ancient trays for the steaks. Time to pivot on this tradition because the plate spins around while you eat! Place is nice and traditional.My fiancée and I ordered the onion rings ($9), split the 32 oz. T-Bone (a.k.a. "The Charlie") ($42), and shared the creamed spinach ($6.75) and sautéed mushrooms ($6.75).  We thoroughly enjoyed it all.
The mountain of onion rings were addicting.  The steak was cooked perfectly - we ordered it medium.  The creamed spinach was rich and delicious.  Mushrooms were a tad too garlicky, but garlic never hurts anyone!
By the end of the meal, we were stuffed and still had plenty of leftovers to enjoy the next day.The food was very average, I'm guessing the place survives on nostalgia rather than exceptional cuisine. I've had better steaks at Texas Roadhouse, I'm being serious. The food was good but not at the high prices here. 
Most unusual fact: There's no menu here. This sometimes works for places with only three items, but not here where there's perhaps a dozen. We had to continually ask the waitress to repeat the menu a multitude of times and finally just ordered to be done with the process. It was a bit embarrassing and completely frustrating. Also, don't go here for a date unless you want to have to ask the price of everything right in front your date. 
Overall: Average food, high prices, awkward non-menu shtick.Decided to try out Charlie's during the coolinary event and wow! What a great decision! The servings were perfect and brought out at the right times. Didn't feel like we had to wait forever for food to be brought to us. Their sazerac is amazing! Had about 3 of them and all of them tasted just as great as the last one. Only thing I did not do right when I was there was order my steak wrong. Always go Rare, always go Rare, you will not regret it. Trust me. I decided to get medium rare and was not happy with my decision. Always go Rare!! If you want a great steak with a very knowledgeable staff go here for a treat!Whoever said this was the best steak in NOLA must have visited when they weren't comotose.  If your idea of steak is broiled on a plate with burned butter, then this place is for you!  The filet was tasteless, athough cooked appropriately.  My T bone was one big fat piece of grissle.  Couldn't even cut into with a knife.  After experiencing the idiocy of no menu, no prices and inedible food, I paid my bill and RAN away from this place.  They apologized for my meal ??!!!  In New England, taking the Tbone off the bill would have been standard, a free meal in the future expected by someplace charging as much as this place.  Neither was provided.  So, if you like heart attack on a plate with poor beef, this is the place for you!  Quality ?  I didn't see any.   I've never had a meal in my life this poor.This used to be my favorite steakhouse for all special occasions. Now, not so much. I keep giving it a shot to redeem itself, but I think I will try another steakhouse from now on. The onion rings are amazing and go great on the bleu cheese wedge. The bleu cheese dressing is the best in town! The potatoes au gratin are fantastic! The steaks......I've had better. It's been overlooked the last three times I've come. I don't like sending food back so we ate them, but we don't understand how a steakhouse overcooks these pricey steaks. I've tried the filet and the ribeye, both over cooked, I ordered them medium and medium rare. The restaurant was packed two times it was overcooked, but this last time there were only 3 other tables being served. I was hoping they were just too busy in the kitchen and overcooked it on accident, but now I realize they just don't know how to cook a steak properly.  Also, the quality of meat isn't the best. The filet was very stringy with fat and the ribeye was tough, maybe because it was overcooked. I wish I had a better review because I loved this restaurant.So I don't really get why folks are disappointed with Charlie's. It was EXACTLY what I expected.  Old school decor (or lack thereof), basic delicious food, and an overall great experience, even for someone who doesn't eat beef.
We were the first to arrive for a friend's birthday dinner here.  So we had cocktails at the bar.  And while service was perfect, my old fashioned was really heavy on the bitters...like I should have sent it back heavy.  But I will definitely go back to give it another try.
We were seated in the downstairs dining room and no there aren't any menus.  I missed part of the ordering process but I know the bday friend had asked in advance about the availability of....TUNA!  That's right, the super secret menu item is tuna steaks, sometimes.  You can even call in advance and ask.  I would have been content with the potatoes and the salad and the onion rings, but, dang, they cook a mighty fine tuna steak too.  And mine came out a perfect red rare.
The service was efficient and helpful without being officious.  And dessert was a selection of ice creams from Angelo Brocato's. Oh, spumoni, my childhood fave, how I still love you.My recent dinner at Charlie's took me back to my child hood. The smell of sizzling butter, the onion rings , the lack of a menu ( which I like)!  My wife and I split the "small t-bone. ( the small tbone is 26oz, which is more than enough to feed you and your plus one for lunch the next day. For starters we had the best onion rings in the world and a great blue cheese wedge!  We had creamed spinach and  potatoes au gratin , which are insanely good. The steak was perfectly cooked also! A word of advice: this place will not split your check so the best thing to do is bring cash( even though they take cards) and work it out amongst the group.  This is an old school steak house with old school rules. One thing is certain though, you will leave full and satisfied!I gave up red meat for lent. I attempted to devour the tuna steak . There was no seasoning, and very dry. Overall the service was nice. I wish i would have given up my taste buds. The food was blandIf you are in the mood for an average steak (being generous), all in the comfort of being in your great-grandmother's house decor, than this place is great!  Seriously if you are from out of town, go somewhere else.  Honestly anywhere else.
This was one of the poorest dining experiences I've had in New Orleans.  Below are the reasons why you need to avoid this place.
1) I arrive and there is a wait.  Not a problem, but the bar area in the downstairs took forever to get drinks which is also fine with me BUT it wasn't even crowded either.  There was one bartender and he was honestly the slowest server I've seen.
2) They need to SERIOUSLY renovate this place.  It is soo old, cheap and worn out looking.  And not the nice classic old look, its all a cheap interior with velvet paintings (yes) and a life size picture of Elvira (seriously). It's kind of like where that vampire on True Blood lives, but honestly that is being nice. 
3) They have no menus, which again is fine, but when I ask what is there to eat don't give a big SIGH and then belittle me like I am an idiot because I do not live there and didn't know that menus didn't exist.
4) Food was average at best.  The steak was bad. It was bad because I thought the quality was poor and texture was much tougher than other places. But the Potatoes au gratin was good.
Overall the experience was very poor.  Cheap interior, slow bad drinks, average to bad food.  Sum that up and you get a 1 star.Ok, I went here a few weeks ago and I was a little shocked by the no menu thing. It is a little weird, but the waiter was so quirky and cute that he made it kind of like a show for us. Once I decided on what I was getting, the food came fast. It was a little weird though because the atmosphere of the place is very casual, almost between a bar and a lunch place, but the food was pretty damn good.  My steak was tasty, but my boyfriend's was a little overdone.  We shared two sides and one would have been just fine. We each had a drink and the bill was over 120.00- so a little pricey for the atmosphere, but the food was good. I think this place would be a good place for a big group bc you can be loud without offending anybody.  Yep, I will go back, but I just wish they would spruce up a little bit.I thought that since this place has been around so long, that they would have been much better at what they do.  Without a menu, the waitress begins to explain what they have for the day. 
The onion rings were great!  My complaint is mainly about the STEAK itself.  I chose the Filet, mid rare.  It was extremely rare,  I knew I wasn't just being picky (which I usually am) because 2 of the other filets were sent back along with mine to be tossed on the grill for another try.  The waitress was nice and promptly took all 3 filets to the kitchen.  However upon return, they were still under cooked in OUR opinions.  Not wanting to cause a scene or look like I was just too picky of a person I ate with the rest of the table.  Not much flavor at all and my filet sitting in a pond of butter isn't the way I envisioned enjoying it, "Being a steakhouse"  I figured that this place had some sort of process in which the steaks were prepared or seasoned.  I didn't taste any of that. Secondly, the decor was very plain.   The walls were very bare and not much ambiance.  However I did like that the steaks came out sizzling.  The waitstaff was nice and accommodating.  Suggestions would be to create ambiance, and get a chef that knows how to cook a steak properly.  Sorry I won't be returning.We enjoyed Coolinary New Orleans dinner for two this evening. We loved Charlie's relaxed, casual atmosphere.   Sometimes restaurant service can be overbearing; not here.  Our waiter Glenn took good care of us without hovering. We loved the steaks, a strip and a filet, cooked rare and medium perfectly.  I like the taste of beef, so not having a lot of seasoning on the meat is a plus to me.  The fried onion straws are addictive.  The wedge with bleu cheese was very tasty.  We ordered potatoes au gratin and spinach as sides.  Perfectly paired with the steaks.  Spumoni on the house was a nice touch.  Wine list wasn't terribly extensive, but sufficient.
  This establishment is a no frills kind of place.  I found it to be just that, and a welcome respite from some other places in town.    Overall we had a really fine meal and look forward to returning.This is a horrible place. Why would anyone go here when Pascal Manale's, a New Orleans classic, known for its oyster bar and shrimp dishes, is just a block away. Stay away! Don't be fooled. This restaurant is under new ownership and it's just a tourist trap. I'm amazed that this horrid place - with its greasy food, rude staff, and overpriced menu - can stay in business. If you want a nice restaurant Uptown, besides Manale's on Napoleon Ave., try the Upperline. This is a New Orleans treasure. It's small, but the food is incredible and price is amazingly cheap considering the quality of the meals. The owner, Jo Ann Clevenger, is one of the most respected chefs in a city known for its great chefs. It is everything that Charlie's is not - it's great foot at a great place served by a great wait staff.Went back Friday  night. Recommend the onion rings - they taste great and you get a huge plate of them. Goes really good on the blue cheese salad.
Ordered a filet, not going to lie, wish there was a little more butter...A locak treasure.  No menus, limited offerings, but if you like steak and onion rings you will have no complaints.  I had a great experience here.This is one of my favorite places in the whole world. I've never had a bad meal here. The onion rings are what I consider the best in New Orleans. Wedge salad with blue cheese dressing unbelievably good tonight was the most spectacular piece of beef I've ever had it was a bone in ribeye. And it was cooked to perfection. The desert Tarantino ice cream from Angelo Brocato's stroke of Genius to have that for the desert. I cannot wait to go there againAte here last week. There is no menu, just 3 different T-bones ranging in size from huge to gi-friggin-gantic and a Filet. Sides are potatoes au gratin, gi-friggin-gantic steak fries, and onion rings.The quality was good, but not quite "high end." The prices were almost high end though. I enjoyed everything (well, everything I was able to eat, although there were leftovers). And would go back, but not all the time, as the prices were... not low.Husband had the T-Bone. Perfectly prepared. I had crabmeat au gratin. Delicious! Shared onion rings, creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin and wedge salad with vinaigrette... yum!!
My only disappointment was the size if the wine glass. Very small. 
We will return.I understood the old style concept of the restaurant but it was over priced for the meal we had. The steaks we ordered weren't seasoned at all, so it was just grilled meat nothing special. The onion rings were good, a little on the greasy side. The au gratin potatoes were to die for! Mushrooms and mixed vegetables were all good. Service was excellent and staff was terrific. My only objection was the steaks...no seasoning for a $35 steak is wrong.{This hidden neighborhood spot delivers on flavor & friendliness}
No menu? No problem! I enjoyed the simplicity of having only a handful options when I sat down at the bar for dinner at Charlie's. I went with the 10oz steak and the highly recommended side item from the bartender, the creamed spinach.
I will say that a medium rare steak here is considerably red in the center. I went with a medium cooked steak and it was perfectly pink with lots of juicy goodness! The steaks come to the table piping hot on a metal plate so if you do want the steak cooked a little more all you have to do is cut it in half and flip it over to finish cooking it on the plate. 
The steak was full of flavor and a great cut of meat but the creamed spinach really stole the show. It is by no means a healthy side item, full of butter and sour cream, but it is heavenly! A great side dish during the winter - comfort food at its finest. 
As a solid supplement to the meal I had one of the finest made vodka martinis of my life. The bartender here is great and all of the servers keep the place fun and full of character. 
The vibe of the steakhouse is super laid-back and casual - definitely a place you will find yourself bellying up to the bar for dinner and looking at your watch four hours later wondering where the time went.Very good food and the menu is a verbal one.  Be aware the only thing on the menu is steak. Steak served sizzling on a melt-the-plastic-on-your-knife-handle-hot. In a butter/oil bath that spurts and spits all over you as the waiter drops it in front of you. While you can't get away from it, and can only cower behind a thin napkin. Swig a bit from the gin and tonic you nabbed at the bar and after a few seconds delay dig in. This is the one place that can do a fine job with a steak when you order it Black and Blue Pittsburg Rare. Go for the onion rings as an appetizer. The salads are an ok option so if you must have one, split the small size and get the onion rings. You won't regret it.Charlie's steakhouse was a good place for a good meal. The menu is short and simple, with really good quality dishes. The sides were excellent, and when you go you only order steak, because that is the only entree they have. They have different types of steak, a fillet, and then t bones in different sizes. The service was good, the people friendly, and overall a good vibe in the place. 
it's less crowded on Tuesdays, and usually you don't need to make a reservation unless you have a party of ten or more.Very tasty and delicious food every time I go. The customer service is excellent, makes for a great outing to eat great food and get great service too!This may be one of my favorite spots to eat in the entire city. I am slightly biased because I am friends with the owner and this place is right in my uptown neighborhood.  It's a New Orleans institution that has been sizzling up hot steaks for 70 plus years. They don't have any menus and used to only have the limited options of a filet or T-bone steak but now have expanded to include a rib eye and maybe a strip as well.  It's customary to also get the giant pile of onion rings as an appetizer  before your blue chees or thousand-island wedge salad. As far as sides go the au gratin potatoes, mushrooms and now they have added mixed vegetables but I don't support this. Haha. It's a great spot for parties upstairs or to sit at the bar and watch a game while you eat a sizzling steak served on a hot metal plate with piping hot butter. Don't forget to get a little Angelo Brocato's spumoni afterwards as well. Charlie's is also the second stop on my "Dryades Street Surf & Turf." This means going to Pascale Manales for cocktails and raw oysters only at their bar then proceeding to a steak dinner at Charlie's afterwards. I promise it's foodie heaven.Love this place!  Love the steaks!  Love the bar!  Love how they fixed up the place.  Love the owner and all those who work for him.  HIGHLY recommended for a nice evening out with your significant other.  Come enjoy some great food.Went to Charlie's tonight for the first time in probably 15 years, for my anniversary.  Had high expectations given the mostly positive reviews.  Things started off great! Friendly server, familiar atmosphere (NOTHING has changed since the last time I went! Not necessarily a bad thing) and yummy appetizers.  We decided to go with the Coolinary menu which consisted of onion rings, wedge salad, choice of 10 oz. filet or New York strip and one side each. The onion rings and salad were just as I remembered!  Both were quite tasty.  I decided to upgrade to the 18oz ribeye and hubby got the 10 filet.  Boy, am I glad I got the ribeye.  Both steaks were ordered medium and both were slightly overcooked, the filet more so than the ribeye.  The filet was particularly dry and tasteless. When we complained, the reason given was that they do not season the meat ahead of time because of the elderly diners that frequent the restaurant. My husband was offered melted butter and practically dumped the entire contents of the salt and pepper shaker on the steak to make it edible. My ribeye was better, but only slightly.  It too was overcooked and a bit tough.  The sides, mushrooms and wedge fries were fine and dessert was spumoni ice cream from Brocato's.  You can't go wrong with that!  We went early, 6:30, hoping to avoid the crowd. But when we left at 8:00 there were several vacant tables and no one waiting in line to get in.  I can see why.  Sadly, I don't think I will get my husband to go back.26oz t-bone medium rare was dry. It was cooked correctly, but when you cut open a medium rare steak it usually leaks a good bit of juice. My plate had no red/brown meat juice. It was tough to cut as well not tender whatsoever. It was also lacking flavor. I had to add salt and pepper.  It was $38, so I guess I can't complain, but my ribeye at LongHorn's was better last weekend. 
The wedge salad and blue cheese was really good. All the sides were great. Service was good. Really would have liked a menu.  My wife liked her filet.One of the most unique dinner experience you will ever have. You have to do it at least once. Get all the sides ALL of them.  I can't wait to come back and bring friends!Fiancé and I started off with the only appetizer available, the mountain of onion rings!  Good but we definitely didn't finish. We shared the 32oz T-bone with a side of hand cut potato wedges.  Everything was delicious and the service was great.The best steak in NOLA. We started with the onion rings which were great. Then had the filet...ohhh so good, with its melted butter mmmm. Then had a side of potatoes au gratin. The sides are large enough for two, but are soo good who wants to share. 
The service is always good, often by some of New Orleans best characters, who are happy to see you come in.
The inside is nice, sooo much brighter and inviting than it was before Katrina. I highly recommend this place for any visitor to NOLA looking to go to a local hot spot for some amazing cuisine.Our first visit as a family to this steakhouse and it was enjoyable. 
Charlie's is not a high end spot and it is not fancy tables and fancy spot but the food is damn good and priced right. 
No menu, our waiter Steve took care of us. We wanted the onion rings, see photo, yummmmm. 
The steaks were done as ordered and the potatoes side we ordered was perfect. 
Go and enjoy.Had dinner there with my parents 10/11/2018.  The filet was good, potatoes au gratin and crab au gratin were the absolute best!  I will go back just for the crab au gratin next time I'm in town as I live out of state because it was truly that good.  Awesome place to dine with friendly and attentive waiters/waitresses.I won't go into how appalling some of the reviews of Charlie's are.  Of course you should ask how much a dish is before you order it.  You would ask the price if it was an unpriced special...The fact that you didn't isn't the fault of the restaurant.
Let's talk about the important stuff:
Onion rings:  We were laughing about them as an appetizer, but these are so light and perfectly seasoned that yes...they are an appetizer.
Steaks:  I don't ordinarily like Filets, but damn, now I know where to eat them. They err a little on the side of rarer than you ask, but the steak is still cooking on the (steel? pewter?) plate when they serve it to you, so you can sear it as you go. THIS IS REALLY FUN TO DO.  And the seasoning.  And the butter.  DROOLING.
Sides: Slightly Spicy Deeply Satisfying Creamed Spinach.  That's what they should call it.  We also loved the Bordelaise'd mushrooms.  Sides serve at least two.
Service:  Immaculate.  This almost never happens and should happen always:  I saw the waiter approaching us, he noticed that we were eating happily and conversing, and he turned back and left us in peace.  The next time he came our way I needed a refill and a glance got him right to the table.
Atmosphere:  Nothing special, but also nothing offensive.  Considering the quality of the food, no harm done.
Cocktails:  Go with straight spirits, martinis, beer.Steak was perfection!!! Fried onion rings are a must. Every table ordered, so you know they're amaze! We got the creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin, both were delish. The steak did require some salt/pepper, as our waitress advised that their "older" patrons prefer them less seasoned. But a simple shake of salt and pepper made it. Very reasonable wines by the bottle. Silver oak for under $100. Decor is something to be desired. Scarlet, our waitress was sweet and on it! Highly recommend.Some are not going to agree with me on this but in my experience with this steakhouse I just didn't feel like it was anything special. I even feel awful feeling this way because my SO brought me here as a special night and he was so excited to take me to one of his favorites. I ordered the filet as I always do and I feel like I could have made a better steak at home... Actually I know I could have. I am not a share my sides kinda girl in a place this expensive. It turned me off right away. I eventually told my SO how I felt (months later) and he agreed he didn't think it was that great either and we agreed to save our money for sushi and leave the steak nights for the house.One of the best steak places around. The filet is thick and cooked correctly. Onion rings are thin and crispy and the blue cheese wedge is authentically blue cheese (actually it's green!) sides of au gratin and seasoned mushrooms are perfect and who doesn't love Spumoni for dessert? You know it's a good place when they don't even have a menu :)Our food was just ok for what we got. It was over priced in my option for the flavor. The sides are family style, however you cannot split the check. We had to divide  it up ourselves. The staff was great, but all in all we wouldn't go back again.This is on the granddaddy's of the NOLA restaurant scene and probably the Dean of the steakhouses competing only with Crescent City Steak. Before they sold to the current owners, you could only get one cut of steak but now they've expanded the menu a bit. The must have is the onion straws, their signature dish. The steaks aren't too bad either! They are served sizzling and purportedly this is where Ruth's Chris got/stole the idea from. It's a hole-in-the-wall in the middle of a neighborhood with tons of locals and waitstaff that have been there for years. If you're looking for a classic steakhouse with no frills and brisk service like only NOLA can provide, definitely visit Charlie'sWe finally made it to Charlie's to celebrate a young friend's new "MD" degree.
Tried three different steaks; all were great.
Sides are all excellent.
No disappointments; and, I am very, very particular.
We WILL be back !  This is an historic "Garden District" neighborhood steakhouse; many decades old, and revered by regulars.
Charlie's reputation is well-deserved !Amazing!!! The food and service was just amazing. Please try the potatoes au gratin and mushrooms with any steak.I don't understand how anyone could give this place less than five stars. From the start I knew this was one of those places that you didn't get a menu. Perfect. Service was on point. The food was amazing. I have nothing to complain about. The hype was accurate and I'm so full and happy with my experience.This place gives some of the best service I've ever had!
I got here a little early and sat at the bar and had a glass of wine.  I kid you not the bartender, a waiter and the hostess came up and introduced themselves, I mean they told me their names and all.  
I don't even need to write a review.  Food is amazing.Charlie's Steakhouse is a New Orleans institution. I'm not sure if tourists will understand what Charlie's is all about, so I don't suggest they try.
Charlie's has always been famous for steaks, no menu, poor service and reasonable prices. Post-K and under new ownership some of that has changed. The steaks are still great (actually better), the service is much improved and the prices have gone up.
The decor is not fancy, but it is not supposed to be. It isn't pretentious or fancy, but it is one of my all time favorites.
Ever since they have reopened I have wanted to come and eat, but never had the chance. Recently I went with a large group (8) and had a very memorable experience.
Since we had a large party we called ahead. They took our reservation with no problem. We arrived a little early so we sat at the bar and had some drinks. The hostess was very friendly as was the bartender. Once all of our party arrived we headed upstairs and sat down.
Our waiter, Joe, was awesome. He was friendly and helpful and even tolerant of the newcomers in our party. For those who had been to the old version, you know that the waiters were less than friendly if someone didn't understand the process.
Charlie's has no menu. The website lists what is available, but it is pretty simple. 
Steaks - Fillet and T-bone. Both come in multiple sizes, but we opted for the 32 oz. T-bone to share between two. It was more than enough food. My one complaint about the whole meal was that it didn't come out sizzling. I chalk that up to the fact that they were bringing out seven steaks and having them all ready at the same time is hard. The steak was great.
Sides - Wedge salad - his is a 1/4 head of lettuce with their signature blue cheese and onions. This salad is simple, but great. The dressing is quite tart, so if you don't like blue cheese, don't get it.
Onion rings - These are a must order. One order was enough for the whole table. Fried perfectly and piled high, add ketchup and enjoy.
Mushrooms - Loaded with garlic and butter. They were good, but i could have done without them.
Au gratin potatoes - Cheesy heaven. This was just as I remembered and it was great. 
Charlie's actually has a wine list and decent beer selection too.
The whole group had our picture taken with the cardboard cutout of Elvis as a perfect end to a great meal.
Our bill was $500. That included wine, beer and the tip. It was well worth it and I cant wait to go back.
In some ways Charlie's has never changed, but in others it is much better.Appetizer- half order Onion Ring
Cocktails- 2- old fashions / 1-Pinot Grigio 
Ordered the 12oz Filet / Au-gratin potatoes, Broiled Mushrooms with garlic & onions.
Deserts- Almond ice cream & sesame cookie.....
***Everything was absolutely Delicious / Service great..... definitely coming back
Price- Very-very Reasonable....
Location- Very Old School / The Sopranos could have done a Scene here.If you like this place then you need to get out more! I should have known something was wrong when I walked into an empty dining room, but a friend recommended it. I can't say what it's like unless I try it, so I stayed. Big mistake. The food taste like it was frozen at some point. The quality was terrible, but the price was ridiculously expensive! Save your money and go somewhere else. This place needs Gordon Ramsey!!!"Howdoyawanchasteakcooked?"
"Whakindapotatayawanwitdat?"
....sadly (or maybe not) those days are gone.  The waitstaff here is professional and courteous these days. There's even a somewhat limited wine list.  However some traditions die hard - there is still no written menu.  
The food I must say really hasn't changed (it's been years since my previous visit - way before Katrina).  The steaks are still pretty darn good and brought out sizzling - this isn't Ruth's Chris but they are pretty tasty.   Charlie's does however now offer a rib eye, fillet, and strip along with the classic t-bone.  The waiter will actually offer to recite the menu for you with no looks of disdain (a huge change from the rather crusty "old days" wait staff).   The potatoes Au gratin and fried onion rings remain to die for.  Salads are still more or less an afterthought (supposedly a "wedge" actually a few pieces of iceberg along with a slice of tomato and some onions swimming in a pool of dressing).   And please don't forget the Angelo Brocatta's spumoni for dessert.
The interior is still as bare bones as ever (some things you simply can't change) but of course the prices have gone up more than a bit.
Bottom line: It's a neighborhood restaurant.  Nothing fancy by any means but you can still get a decent meal at a somewhat decent price.What a mistake.  Just wanted a good steak but it was cold and gristly.  The offer of  drink did not make up for the meal.  Not recomended.  Even the decor was lacking.Nice local. Great waiter. Prices are very high for what you get. My main "beef" is the bar. The drinks are top-shelf and bottom-shelf. Supposedly classic drinks BUT made with bottom-shelf and made to look like they fill the glass with simple sugar. In order to get a decent Old Fashion I had to let them charge me for a double of top-shelf and I begged the waiter, who was great, no simple sugar. Drink was better but .... You guessed it ... Simple sugar. Wine list was a 3x markup. Chop house is 3x better than this place. No need to come back.Very old school style steak house keeping things classic and simple. You won't be wowed by presentation or decor. The steaks come out on a sizzling metal tray. Really flavorful Rib Eye and overall unique dining experience.Yes, the steak was delicious. I tell you, though, the onion strings and the salad were the stars of my night.
That salad has been on my mind for 2 and a half weeks. It was so good, it's haunting me. 
I love that the dining room is so cozy and the dinnerware is original and the décor is appropriate. It's a real homey feel, there was art and news clippings and some other things I couldn't quite make out because I wasn't wearing my glasses. It's nice though. 
Back to that salad. It's a wedge of the most crisp and delicious lettuce you've had the pleasure of experiencing accompanied by onion and tomato and doused in housemate dressing. I had the bleu cheese. The onion strings are delicious and they Really shine when used to top the salad. They add a satisfying crunch to the crispness of the lettuce. Try it, you'll see what I mean.
This was my birthday dinner, so there was spumoni. It was tasty, though I couldn't eat much of it. When I go back, it'll be for the salad.My friend and I came here on Tusday night for my birthday. I was hyped up because I heard great things about this place.
We had the onion rings and wedge salad to begin with. Onion rings were delicious and were plentiful!  I ordered the ribeye medium rare. It was cooked perfectly but there was NO taste. I was not impressed. I rather have saved money and go to another place.
Service was wonderful.It's just not at all what it used to be.. it thats simple.  The service is terrible the steaks are not good.  This place really fell off the mapA true New Orleans classic restaurant. Their early bird special can not be beat for the money, quantity or quality of food.  Their Bleu Cheese Dressing is the best around.