OMG the Mediterranean chicken quesadillas what awesome sauce. Definitely recommend to anyone who enjoys fresh Greek foodNice cafe in Lakeview.  There's a cigar bar next door, and a few tables outside to enjoy them.  Look for a  short bald guy chainsmoking and tell him i said hi.I went recently to the Lakeview location and ordered the chicken quesadilla. As I was eating, I noticed that there was not much chicken between the two layers of tortilla. I peeled apart the two layers to see how much chicken was not there, and there was a piece of red plastic in the midst of the cheese. The red plastic seemed to be the plastics that tie off bread packages. I was offered no compensation for my meal and there was an obvious lack of sincereity in the waitresses's apology. I have been a big Chateau costumer and have been for years. I was very disappointed in the services here.Came in with my fiancé for a drink and a snack. I ordered a frozen white chocolate almond shiver drink, and it was so good! My fiancé got an iced tea, which she also enjoyed.  We shared a spinach and artichoke dip with tortilla chips.  It was served hot and bubbly, with melted cheese and big chunks of artichoke.  It was quite tasty!  The place is cute and was pretty steadily busy the entire time we were there.These people are so super friendly. I had breakfast here Friday and it was amazing. 
Then today went to get some water and the two workers there incredibly nice, yet again. Great service, great food, and very hospitableThis place is clean, the staff is exceptionally friendly, and the food is delicious!  I had the chicken quesadilla and being from Los Angeles, I must say they know what they are doing at this place!!  It was awesome!!  I sampled the French Dip sandwich and it too was great!  The sandwich was served with fries that were hot, nicely salted and cooked perfectly.  I will be returning because the prices are reasonable.Usually enjoy this place a lot. I asked for burger medium and it was close to burnt. Burgers are usually spot on.People don't come here for Coffee... So take that out of the name... It's a Cafe
Had a BLT... Terrible!!... I paid money for that?! Hard like a rock
Recommendations:: decrease the size
of you menu selection items... Focus on 10 items only & get real good with those
The gentlemen behind the counter were pleasant, wouldn't called them baristas but nice & helpful.
Wifi was good: 2mb average
Couple outlets throughout the roomAlways enjoyed everything I have ordered. My favorite is the grilled chicken club on croissant. My wife always gets the Cali wrap and enjoys it. They also have a very good breakfast selection and good coffees and frozen mocha.I love this place! I have been coming here for coffee, breakfast, lunch and to study since I was in high school. For the most part, the people are very friendly. The food is good- I especially like the breakfast sandwiches, the soups, the burger, the chicken sandwich, the club and the chicken tenders. Their burger specials are often really great and creative. The iced tea and frozen coffee are delicious! It's a cute atmosphere with a few quieter tables upstairs and a few outside as well. A great place to grab a bite or a coffee!Came here for Sunday lunch.  Decided to check this branch out since we love the Chateau Cafe in Kenner.  Place was halfway full.  It was 11:30am but they still hadn't brought out the lunch menus.  This should've been a warning sign.  Nonetheless, husband and I ordered, paid and tipped the 20%, sat outside to take advantage of the pretty day and waited.  And waited.  And waited.  
32 minutes later, husband goes in to check on our food.  2 minutes after he sits back down, waitress comes out with my sweet potato fries and quesadilla.  She then barks, "Our burgers are made fresh.  It depends how you want them cooked.  They take a while.".  Eh?? Husband just wanted it medium done.  Instead of getting bristly and defensive, she should've just said, "I'm sorry for the wait y'all.  It'll be out anytime soon.  Thank you for your patience."  We would've left it at that and not written this negative review.
Oh, right, the food.  The sweet potato fries were ok, veggie quesadillas were super-greasy, hamburger patty was big AND under-done, and french fries were cold.
Not coming back here. Life's too short to waste on slow, sullen service and mediocre food.I visited Chateau Coffee a couple of times for a quick iced coffee fix, and experienced not-so-delightful exchanges with one person on the staff. She was just short and rude. So, when my dad came into town this was the last place I wanted to take him. Well, I am glad he pushed it because we ended up going several times during his three week stay. The food is surprisingly delicious... mmmm French Dip, and the service got better with each visit. There are a lot of regulars in here for lunch daily, as it is a neighborhood staple/hangout. Turns out the girl that I thought was not so great is there almost every day too, and she never stops working.. she is also really kind. If you are in the Lakeview/Lakeshore area stop in and give this place a shot!The place is pretty big (two stories) and there is always plenty of seating. I went there twice, both times for brunch. The first time I got a bulvarian chocolate iced coffee (I couldn't taste the chocolate that much) and a breakfast taco (with no bacon/sausage) and both were pretty good. The second time I got a french vanilla iced coffee (sweet vanilla taste) and an egg and cheese croissant sandwich. The food overall is pretty good and I would recommend it for a no hassle brunch/breakfast place. The thing that stood out to me were the hashbrowns, which were delicious both times I went there and I would recommend getting them!One of my favorite places to get breakfast.
Plus-Extremely friendly staff.  The food is good and they cater to special dietary needs.  The espresso drinks are terrific and are consistent every time.
The service has always been fast, even if the cafe is busy.
Minus-I cannot think of any so 5 stars!This is by far my favorite regular spot. The food is always consistently delicious and delivered in a timely manner. (I recommend the cali melt on a croissant with sweet potato fries.)   
My favorite thing about this place is while it not only serves great espresso-based beverages, it has a large variety of food options that far surpass any other coffee shop I have been to. 
It is a great environment to get work done due to the abundance of tables and endless natural light.
The staff is friendly and punctual despite the breakfast, lunchtime, and after-school rush. They are constantly cleaning tables, floors, and the beverage station. 
While all of their cups are styrofoam, they allow for customers to bring in their own tumblers to fill up. 
I can't say how much I love this place as it is always a good staple in Lakeview.I eat at Chateau Cafe most work days and have decided the food depends on whose doing the cooking... it has to be. One day, I'll have something great, the next, it's terrible. I use to have chicken tenders every day until they change the breading on the tenders, they're terrible and gritty. Today I had a fried shrimp Caesar, it was awful, most of the romaine lettuce was limp and there was more yellow/brown lettuce than anything else... the shrimp were under cooked.. my stomach is flipping just thinking about it... I won't be eating there again...Coffee/hot beverages are served in styrofoam cups.   I did see some people with regular mugs but the styrofoam wasn't just for take out.  Limited menu for vegans.  They serve Gardenburgers but they contain animal products.  Seemed like the older crowd liked this place.One of the best places I have eaten while being in NOLA. I love their burgers, quesadillas, and consistency. I have a hard time not getting the bacon/cheddar/bbq burger or the jalapeno/cheddar burger, but recently tried the quesadillas after a waiter recommended and they were delicious. Never even tried the coffee and desserts. They never seem to let me down!One of my favorite places to grab lunch is definitely Chateau.  It's quick and quality food. Great place for a small meeting over some lunch on Robert E. Lee. From the Cali Melt to Shrimp poboys you can't go wrong with any selection. If you need a little sweet, there are huge yummy cake slices that could possibly last you for a couple days. If you are ever in the West End area, don't hesitate to stop in.
For some reason their sandwiches always make me want to do my happy food dance.One of the best breakfast places in New Orleans!  Worth the drive out to the lakefront.Chateau is one of my favorite places in Lakeview. They have some really good healthy options! It's also great for kids. Food is always consistent.I eat there on a regular basis as it is close to my house. Lately the food has  been a big disappointment. The ingredients do not seem to be fresh and the food is not cooked or prepared properly. I don't know if there has been a change in management recently but things have been going downhill over there for several months. There are other cafe and coffee shops in the area that will be getting my business now.February 6, 2017. Had a meeting here this a.m. Three people; each had coffee only. All three coffees were lukewarm at best. I took one back and asked for hot. Was told the coffee pot was "broken." Two ladies at counter were very nice. One offered to add a shot of espresso, which I accepted. It did not warm up the coffee. Finally went back to counter and ordered any other coffee that would be hot. Was given, at no charge, another type; it was also lukewarm. Then I briefly visited the upstairs restroom...don't go there! It was filthy and in disrepair. Employees were nice, but I will not revisit this shop.Ordered a large iced coffee for $3.60. Got a cup 3/4 full of ice... If this translates to the other products they offer, probably never coming backI've been here many times and usually get their iced coffee. Their cappuccino is not so good. I've never had their food. I will have to try it sometime and update my review. The customer service is just okay. I got one really nice barista once though and gave her a four dollar tip she was so sweet!Nice place to grab a quick lunch if you're in the area. They have a menu with a variety of sandwiches and other light lunch fare as well as esperesso and brewed coffee. They also have daily specials chalked up on the board. Everything is reasonably priced too with most of the menu items being under 10 bucks.  Excellent local alternative to some of the bigger chains like Panera that have been making their way into town.
Order at the counter and the food comes to your table; you're on your own for napkins and silverware. 
Parking situation isn't bad at all, they're in a complex with a grocery store so you shouldn't have any trouble there.  My only real complaint is the music was a bit too loud.Coffee is great. Good place for breakfast.great coffee house.  went there for years when I was living in NOLA pre-Katrina and went back several times on a recent visit. Great local coffee shop.This place is really good when it comes to lunch. There's so much variety to choose from- my coworkers and I eat here a lot throughout the week, and it never feels like the same old food. They have a lot of food to choose from. Excluding the specials on the chalk board, there's a lunch menu that's about three pages on a pamphlet, and a separate burger menu. 
The staff here is pretty friendly- the burgers take about fifteen minutes to make, so try calling ahead of time with your order (rookie mistake). It's always really clean inside and the two televisions are usually on- CNN one side, FOX the other side lol. 
Highly recommended! Apparently the coffee is also "to die for"Delicious cafe au lait and good sandwich! Will definitely return here over the weekend to try breakfast!Pros: atmosphere is ok. Cons: food! the food is poor quality, not fresh, and a waste of $. Pastries are not good compared to other local coffee shops. I have eaten there many times because it is close to me but no longer. Its just bad food prepared poorly and not fresh ingredients.Has to be the worst service ever. After giving this location another shot, and another shot, and going back again one last time.....I will never step foot in here again. 
On one occasion we waited for almost 30 minutes for a turkey sandwich and chicken club sandwich , and THEN they came out to tell us they still needed to defrost the chicken and would I like to order something else( AND pay the difference of the two different sandwiches ). On another occasion, we called it in and were told it would be 20 minutes over the phone , but when I got there, I had to wait an additional 40 minutes for yet again, a turkey sandwich and a club sandwich. I have to say I am finally done with the this location. 
I've dined at the Kenner location for most of my life, and this would NEVER happen.This place simply is not good.  Smells weird inside,  pastries are always stale, & the management is beyond rude.  Food is below average.Came here o a bicycle stop that wasn't the best stop we ever made. The coffee here is just ok and the cooked food from the kitchen looks better but the baked goods leave you in disbelief for a coffee shop. They have a huge following from the neighborhood and a very good name behind them but the quality on this day was not good.DELICIOUS shrimp and grits. 
It was more tomato-based than what I'm normally used to with shrimp and grits, and it was a wonderful surprise. Juicy shrimp, tasty sausage, great flavors, clean environment. This is one of the reasons that I'll miss NOLA. I'm surprised there aren't more Yelp reviews for this place.Visiting from FL, staying at a friend's house, I found this place close by. Half a mile walk so I walked here while the house slept off their hangover. I normally don't right reviews but saw some negative stuff about this place and thought it was unfair. I thought the buttermilk biscuits with sausage egg and cheese was great. Latte was good too. Well worth the walk and I have one more day here and will be back tomorrow.Mocha was so weak, it tasted like chocolate milk. Asked for an extra shot and received a shitton of chocolate syrup in my cup rather than espresso. Definitely no baristas here, definitely not coming back!Tried this place since it is very close to us but I will not go back. They made my order wrong, which was supposed to be quesadillas on white flour tortillas with black beans and salsa, but instead they made it on a wheat tortilla with olives and way too much spinach, (why not just make what I ordered??) so I ended up just eating my daughter's grilled cheese which was mediocre. I was visiting with family so I didn't want to make a fuss, but any other time I would have sent it back. What a waste of money.I could've sworn I wrote a review for this place a while ago.
Very frequent customer here. 
I'm a very simple gal. I always order 2 or 3 eggs with bacon and hash browns... maybe some iced coffee.
Always had a good experience here. The only thing I wish they had was CHOLULA hot sauce. That makes the eggs 10x better!Coffee good.  Friendly staff.  Breakfast burrito/taco is awesome.  Avoid the waffles and pancakes. They are precooked, prepackaged and warmed up, not fresh.My wife and I eat here probably about 3 times a week. They have a great breakfast selection, and their lunch and dinners are good too.  The prices are reasonable for the portions you get.  They usually have a couple of daily soups, a daily entree and a daily burger special to go with their normal selections.
For breakfast, we usually get the bacon, egg and cheese croissants, and if you ask, they will do the the eggs over-medium which is the way we prefer them on the sandwich.
They have quite the array of pastries and desserts as well.  Their slices of cake are ENORMOUS!!!
The staff is always great, and there is usually plenty of room, so no wait.
Oh yeah, the coffee ain't bad either!Average to below average. The sweets in the case don't always look fresh. The chicken sausage gumbo is pretty good, when they have it. The artichoke soup is TERRIBLE. I definitely don't recommend it, if it happens to be the soup du jour. It tastes like canned artichokes in hot water with a yellow film of melted butter floating on top. Yuck. 
The grilled cheese is a smashed triple decker with way too much cheese. I wouldn't order it again. Their side choices are regular Zapp's chips or french fries. I do like that they have unsweetened flavored iced teas and they will gladly give you a refill in a to go cup. Personally, I don't care for the plastic numbers you have to carry to your table. They are pretty slow in bringing your food out (in my opinion). The egg salad has a weird after taste. I'm just not a fan of this place. I tried visiting 5+ times. Perhaps I would be If the quality of food was better.Delicious cafe au lait and great breakfast choices. Friendly staff are an added bonus! My go to spot for breakfast when I am in this part of town!!!Not really impressed. The bakery items are spares and the muffins look so awful I wont try it.  The top is completely flat...cant imagine its light and fluffy at all. 
The bacon in the omelet was way overcooked, almost burnt. it wasn't mixed in the egg or cheese at all. Just a layer of hard burnt bacon crumbs in the middle. 
I would suggest Nola Beans right down the street over this place.Generous portions, awesome fries and friendly staff.   Food is always very good. Definitely not the most low calorie option out there, but delicious every time.Great food and superior service. You can't wrong with anything on the menu. Delicious!
This is a Friday tradition for me!!!I had the turkey avocado sandwich which was REALLY good, it had sprouts and mango chutney. And the service was really friendly.Wife and I stopped for lunch on 6/11/19.  She ordered a salad and I a Greek Wrap.  BOTH were nearly uneatable.  It was at 2pm and it was clear that the staff had packed it in from the days lunch.  We did not complain, that's not our way we just do not return.  The staff were eating at the counter and most unprofessional. Never again.Always new staff each and every time I come here. I get the same order every time which is the California wrap with sweet fries. Pretty awesome customer service if you ask me. If Erin Lori or Carolyn are working you'll be good to go. Always greeted by a smile by Erin and itll make your dayI had an appointment in the adjacent building, and I used to come here when I was younger so I thought I would give it a shot. As soon as my order was taken by a very abrupt and not so pleasant female, I was instantaneously regretting my decision. Why didn't I just go to Robert's and get a lunchable?  She repeatedly shoved my doberge petit four and water at me at before I had even  signed my credit card receipt. What the hell is your problem, lady? I wasn't rude to you. Whatever, my sandwich will be good. I'll just cure it with my chocolate doberge and move on.
When I sat down I checked in on Yelp and noticed that even ELITES had given this location one and two star reviews. Uh oh.
All in all, my food was good. Delicious doberge square and pretty tasty sandwich. I can't fathom why I wasn't allowed silverware, but after I checked at the station where I had retrieved a straw and napkins I resolved myself to eating my sopping wet chicken sandwich without cutting it in half. As I ate, pieces of chicken fell out. It sure would've been nice to have a fork at that point! Alas, I am just a lowly consumer not worthy of eating utensils. :(. Shame upon my family! :'(
I should've just gotten something small at the grocery. I won't be back.My friend and I happened to eat here because it was close. It was actually pretty good. I had a grilled cheese sandwich that was thick and buttery. The tomato basil soup was a little too thick but it was hot and tasted pretty good. I also got an iced coffee and I liked it. My sandwich came with a choice of potato chips, french fries, or corn chips and salsa. I got the corn chips and salsa but didn't finish it because the salsa had turned sour like it was going bad. A shame because it looked like it would have been delicious if it was fresh - it had a nice texture. My friend a tuna sandwich and potato chips, it looked fresh and delicious.
Would not go out of my way to go back, since it is kind of out of the way for me, but if I'm in the area again I would.Good service. Moderately priced food. I ordered a triple cheese bacon burger. Served with fries $12. This burger is over 1/2 a pound(9ozs to be precise), and it had 5, count em, 5 pieces of thick cut bacon on it. I would definately go there again if I was in this part of the parish.I've passed this place hundreds of times without even  thinking about eating here.  But my SO needed a late evening dinner, and I wasn't terribly hungry, so we came here for a small bite.  I was pleasantly surprised by Chateau.  I had the chicken salad sandwich on sourdough with a side of veggies.  The sandwich had a good amount of chicken salad, but the tomato slices were a bit too thick for my liking.  The chicken salad was very good though.  Good flavor and finely chopped ingredients.  The veggies were well cooked, but I had to add salt and pepper to get some flavor.  All in all pretty good.I've been here once in the past for coffee and deserts with the girls, and it for impressed me by their generous salads and cannoli. It's shameful what I'll do for a good cannoli. But I'll skip that for another time.
After doing a homemade chicken soup drive-by for a friend with the flu, we were all set to try the NY Kosher Cajun Deli on Severn, but it was closed. This was close by and had no parades going through during the Mardi Gras weekend. 
Conveniently located off Robert E Lee, I think the location may have been the old Robert E Lee movie theater I used to drive past as a kid. It was raining when we went so sitting outside in their cute cafe tables with crimson umbrellas was not possible, but in the Spring this will be a perfect venue.
Ordering the soup is always a good idea here. This time around I had the chicken & sausage gumbo. Wonderful! Rich roux flavor, tender chicken and spicy sausage was the perfect way to start the meal. Ordering the Grilled Chicken Cordon Blue Wrap was a mistake though. First it was not grilled chicken, but bland processed chicken-like meat. Secondly, the dominant flavor was not a blend of the ham, chicken and cheese, but honey mustard dressing.
My friends got the Grilled Chicken Spinach Salad with raspberry walnut vinaigrette and feta cheese (again, not grilled chicken), which rated a 4 out of 5 stars. My other adventurous friend tried the French Dip Po-Boy which looked amazing. When asked what she would rate it, she said "Food". But we were envious from her choice just from the meaty smell of homemade the dip.
The atmosphere is casual and laid back. A blend of hipster bistro and high-end coffee shop. On this particular day however, the fans were on and the doors were open which made it humid inside and almost uncomfortable. No A/C in Louisiana, even in the dead of winter, is a no-no.
All in all, we may try and this place again because their soups, salads and desserts are spot on. Their servers and ordering-process are top-notch and again, it's a perfect location for dining al fresco.Food is mediocre at best. We ordered to go for lunch. I called in the order. They got our order wrong. No big deal though. That happens. The worst offense was In all of New Orleans, since Covid started, this place was the most nervous in. People weren't wearing masks, tables looked too close. People definitely were not social distancing. Most likely won't go back for a while. The other people with me felt nervous as well. We got out as fast as we could!I purchased a chicken wrap from there and the chicken was spoiled - when I called to tell them about , the girl that answered the phone apologized and said they needed to check the date on the chicken , but one would think they will do they before selling it ....I was at the least expecting to be offered a refund , but all I got was an apology and a chicken date checkNot crowded on a Sunday morning. Unusual for a good breakfast place. Now I know why. The people at the counter acted like they were doing us a favor taking our order. Not a good beginning. Our iced chai was mainly milk and ice. It took an inordinately long time to get our food.   Management needs to step in. Very disappointing.This is one end of an L-shaped strip mall at the west end of Robert E Lee. The parking lot is shared with the other businesses, but there is a lot of parking. When I worked nearby, I would come eat here for lunch and enjoy the outdoor seating on nice days.
You walk in, go to the counter, there are specials on the wall to the left of the counter and menus on the counter. Place and pay for your order, take the number they give you and seat yourself. Don't forget to get your own silverware and napkins from the hutch to the right of the cash register.
The staff seems to fluctuate on politeness, which makes it odd. The food is good and filling. There isn't much to complain about other than the random times where the staff isn't at the top of their game. The interior is neat and clean.A DARN GOOLD OLD STYLE MEAL
So my breakfast sandwich (see pic) was really good. Old style greasy amber fry marks on the egg -mmmm love those! Thick real cheddar melted into the toasted white bread - salty pungent real cheddar that's harder to melt than the typical bland American. The bacon was a bit over cooked but the burnt ends added flavor.  Each bite was an explosion of new by familiar flavors I remember from my grandmother's kitchen and not my fat-free whole grain version.
BUT THIS IS NOT A QUICK OPTION
I purposely told the register that I was looking for something fast because I had a short window. The sandwich on white bread was the quickest hot food option. 15 long minutes later I got my sandwich, and 5 minutes after the guy behind me was served a full breakfast bowl.I once enjoyed this sweet café however after my experience this morning I won't return. First I asked for coffee with room for milk, the cup came full to the top! One of the employees was refilling/ organizing the condiment station where I was attempting to 'fix' my coffee situation (shouldn't this be done before opening the café?!?!) 
Most upsetting I ordered  2 BLT on white bread to go. I waited nearly 20 minutes for 2 sandwiches and  just arrived home to find shredded cheese all over the sandwich.  The coffee is tasty and my sandwich is edible so I'll give them 2 stars but certainly wouldn't returnThe BEST breakfast!!! Get the Elvis! I love Chateau because everyone is nice and welcoming. Their prices are so reasonable. How a good breakfast place should be!! If you go a few times you recognize all of the regulars that come in. Speaks volume to their service and food!! I've never had anything bad here.When I ordered my burgers for dinner I was asked how I liked my burger cooked. I replied with "medium-rare". The cashier replied by making a face and actually saying "ewwww, are you sure about that? I don't think that's a good idea."
I honestly don't think this is the best way to instill confidence in your customers. My gut instinct told me to run, however, I was hungry and in a hurry. 
It took 40 minutes to get our food (not exaggerating) we had the order ticket and checked the time. 
Fries were luke warm and both burgers were very well done and dry. I wanted to ask for them to cook another one but I didn't have another 40 minutes to wait and I honestly didn't get the feeling that they cared. 
I'll be back for iced coffee but never to eat again.This is a good local spot for food and coffee. Sometimes the service takes a while, but it is usually quick. The food is tasty and the counter girls are very sweet. I enjoy the salads, sandwiches, and the breakfast options here. I also really like when they have the Bavarian chocolate iced coffee. I've gone here for several years and will continue to go back in the future.Great food and superior service. You can't wrong with anything on the menu. Delicious.Horrible- I ordered a breakfast taco and they brought out a burrito then she told me it says taco but it's really a burrito - didn't matter though because it was inedible - horrible !!!!Writing an update as I'm very disappointed in Chateau Cafe. I called in a small to go order one morning and upon arriving was notified that it was cash only. I didn't have any cash. I asked if I could pick up my breakfast and come back later to pay. A manager (or the owner?) came out to tell me no and that I should try to get cash out of an ATM (I couldn't because I didn't have my debit card). While I wish I would have been notified that it was cash only when I called in, I understand mistakes happen and the waitress simply forgot. What bothers me is the fact that Chateau Cafe, a neighborhood cafe that relies on the community and customers to support it - and that we do - was unwilling to help a customer in need. To make the matter more frustrating is the fact that it was a small order (one breakfast item) that was probably already made and waiting for me. So, instead of trusting in their customer base, Chateau Cafe decided to (likely) throw away an item they had already made. Why not have faith in good people/good customers to do what they say they are going to do (come back later with cash)? 
On top of all of that, I'm a regular customer. I even know some of the waitresses by name. So, this one hurt a little more because I've been such a loyal customer. 
Honestly, the food and coffee are really good. I'm not sure I will stay away, but I thought management should know that there is room for improvement.I visit here sporadically for school work or just quiet time. In those dozen or so appearances, I've encountered a rollercoaster of food and service quality. On many occasions it being great, while on others reminiscent of 24 hour diner at 2 AM: solidly mediocre. 
The food is great, when properly cooked. The staff amicable, when not (what appears to be) horribly short handed. I hesitate to pass full judgement on the staff itself here. It's very likely that management, who you'll never see, is just plain terrible. 
You'll never what your service is gonna be like at this place!Amazing coffee and food (both breakfast and lunch). The breakfast burrito and cali melt are especially good. The coffee is very good, but giving a 4 star because if you don't go early during peak coffee hours, I find the coffee is sometimes old and not good. They need to implement some sort of  a timer system to brew coffee every so often to make sure customers are always getting fresh coffee.