I ate here this afternoon when I was seeking out a 2pm lunch.  I didn't experience the long wait for food that others did and I also didn't visit the restrooms, but the restaurant itself seemed clean enough.  I had the shrimp and oyster po'boy, which was tasty enough, but it certainly didn't warrant the $15 price tag attached.  Service was pretty inattentive considering how empty the restaurant was.  Seasoned fries--the ones that actually are seasoned (I think with Old Bay) are pretty good, but the seasoning was just sprinkled on top leaving 2/3 of the fries rather flavorless.  All in all, totally edible, but meh service and high prices mean I won't return.This place was okay.  I had the grilled chicken nachos and there was too much cheese. I know that shouldn't be a complaint with nachos, but it really was too much like eating blocks of cheese.  The grilled chicken was good and I wish I had picked something that had that as a centerpiece.  The server was REALLY nice and attentive -- which is not what I had experienced at other affordable places in town.The chips with the chips and salsa were amazing.  Tacos were not that good and if you want a combo of chicken and steak for your 3 tacos they dont separate them and so each taco has both chicken AND steak... kinda gross.This place sucked!  ZERO stars!  Service was bad she brought the food in 3 separate times separated by 5-10mins each. We asked for the kids meal with appetizers and it was the last thing to be delivered.  Cheese sticks were mostly bread.  Food was cold in 4 of the 6 plates.
Next time we should read review before we go in
Keeps walking! Don't stop here!  
McDonald's would be a better choice!!!!!!!!This place was completely awful! The reviews in here are spot on. We stopped in here and were going to get something to eat until we found out how shitty the food was and how long it was going to take. 
Two guys at the bar had been waiting for thier food for well over 30 minutes. The one guy said he was getting close to a 45 minute wait! He told us that he had talked to the manager but then she was avoiding him. 
The bartender was ditzy as hell and it wasn't like the place was too terribly busy. The bartender was back there brushing her hair too! Last I check that was against the OSHA laws.. crazy what if I had ordered food and it had hair in it? Disgusting, dirty and skanky place. We had drinks, paid cash and RAN for it! I suggest you do too.The restaurant is mostly clean.  The food is edible.  If you are visiting  New Orleans don't bother.  This is no more than greasy bar food.  The portions are big,  the price is big,  the service is slow, and they can't get the order right.  At least the tea is good.We stayed next door at the Holiday Inn in July of 2011. We were there SEVERAL DAYS and never saw any customers in there. On our last day we had already checked out and had an hour to kill before the airport shuttle came for us. We should have waited elsewhere.  It was mostly deserted and smelled awful. The server was very sweet but the food was awful. I figured a quesadilla would be safe. No. I took one bite and it just tasted "off" so I just ate a couple of fries, got the check and waited for the shuttle in the lobby of the hotel.  When we go back to New Orleans, we won't go back here.  I read the other reviews just now and I believe it. They need to clean up the restaurant. I shudder to think of what the kitchen must have looked like!The only reason we even went here was that it was attached to our hotel.  First my wife went into their disgusting bathrooms to find no toilet paper and standing toilet water in the floor.  Next we sat in a nearly empty restaurant at night and after getting chips and dip, never saw the server again.  We asked to see the manager and the bartender was like, "Sorry, we are a bit slammed tonight!"  Really?  The manager came over and tried to redirect the blame on us.  She comped us our food and we split.  Do yourself a favor and don't even think about going there!Bar was nice and open so we stopped in for a few. I have no idea if the food is any good. Good location and cheezy decor.Didn't try the food but went there for the drink specials when it was pouring outside. Very cheap alcohol at a good priceThis is an actual bona fide sports bar with a million TVs so this is where we went to watch some Sunday football.  It was close to our hotels so we could meet there and get a table and some beer quickly.
Beer - good, cold, not too pricey.
Bathrooms - surprisingly not as dirty as the rest of the place seemed
Service - nothing special or particularly attentive but she did get the Cowboys on for us
Ambiance - just seemed a bit cheesy and dirty...but I think that's pretty par for the course
Food - just don't do it.  I think eat somewhere else then come here to watch the game.  Don't waste your calories when there are a million other places to eat that are delicious.Would do zero stars if I could.... HORRIBLE! Food was cold, staff seemed high, over worked, and like they hadn't showered in days..... Po boy sandwich had two week old bread, fries seemed like they were cooked a few days ago and not even kept under a heat lamp.... AVOID!!We came for dinner as this was the only place open within close walking distance from One Shell Plaza. We all ordered different Po Boys and v=we were all happy with our order. I took the fired oysters off the buns and enjoyed them.  THE Servce was marginal as it tool forever to find our waiter to pay the bill and head back to the office.LOL so I didn't check Yelp first about this place.... honestly we only stepped in to avoid a down poor.  If I had checked I would have probably tried somewhere else.  Had a couple drinks while we waited and headed out when the rain let up.  Cheesy decor that went along with the theme the name suggests.  Didn't try the food and it was pretty lackluster service.  Also the age range of customers was late 40's to late 60's with a couple bar fly's mixed in.  All in all it lives up to the "Meh. Ive experienced better" rating.
Note: this review is pretty late.  I went before I deployed and couldn't get consistent access to Yelp to finish this and a whole bunch of other reviews last year.Freshest items on the menu are the fingerprints. Avoid this place and let them go out of business. 
Food is horrible. Service is horrible. 
I love my girlfriend, and I doubt she will ever pick a restaurant based on (tacky) decor again. From the moment we walked through the door, the experience went down hill. Surplus cafeteria food at best, Kitchen Nightmares Expose at worst. If they passed a health inspection, there was no food in the restaurant at the time.Avoid this dump at all costs! This was one of the nastiest restaurants I have ever been in! The service was beyond horrible, the so called waiter, was either "too cool" to do his job, or too inept to do it - I honestly couldn't tell. This was the first time in my entire life that I didn't leave a tip at all! Had  I gone to the restroom prior to eating we wouldn't have stayed at all. When I reported the disgusting restroom to the "manager" she could have cared less... I spent the remainder of the day sick to my stomach.I ended up here because my GPS said it was a TGIFridays...not anymore. We got seated in the covered patio facing the street after being asked to be sat in the quietest area they had only to be blasted with football and the Simpsons. I know I shouldn't expect much more from a sports bar, but the hostess described the restaurant as 'very similar to TGIFridays'...I think not. We decided to just get up and leave after waiting 15minutes with our menus folded waiting for the wait staff who never appeared once...try the Hard Rock Cafe on N. Peters instead!Yuch.....I was looking for someplace different to take a couple of visitors for breakfast on a Saturday. One bad thing about living in the CBD is most of the good breakfast joints are closed on the weekend. We decided this place looked cool so we dropped in. They only have a buffet ($12.95) and it is more like a hotel buffet than a restaurant! Server was bitter (just like the coffee) and the food was nothing great. Cost me almost $60 to get the four of us out for breakfast! I will stick to the I-Hop on Canal next time!Overpriced, overcooked, run from this disastrous breakfast Buffett to Brennan's or cafe du mode.  Service was slow and coffee was lukewarm.  Hard to be disappointed in Nola, but the checkered parrot fulfilled.I work in the Quarter and they actually wanted me to buy something to use the bathroom during Mardi Gras when they knew I didn't have access to one. Won't ever be going there or telling tourists about it, that's for sure.If only there was a half star..
This place is TERRIBLE. I got very sick eating here. I had the jambalaya, the salsa, and the gumbo. It was all bad. I hate to waste, so I made myself eat most of it. Worst of all is that we got pretty blah service, and gratuity was added because there were five of us. I was sick for about 4 hours after eating here until I finally found a bathroom, and took the time to throw it all up. I felt instantly better. Gross. Be warned.. eat here, and get sickI would give this place zero stars if I could.  We only went here because it was either part of our hotel or just adjacent to it (not sure which).  The food was just average - when we finally got it.  No one could remember who our server was - including our server.  They tried to bring other people's food to our tables ... after we had already been served and finished eating, another waitress came by to see if we were all set to order.  When we said no, but we're waiting (for 30 minutes) for our waitress to bring our check she said okay.  Still nothing... never saw our waitress again, asked multiple times for the check from various people, for over an hour! ... never got it .... I am embarrassed to admit how this story ends, so I'll leave it as it is.  
Summary: There may or may not be people working here.  There are SO MANY good and inexpensive places to eat in New Orleans.  Avoid this place, no matter how desperate you are for food or big TVs.We must have been very lucky!
The bar is full of tv's, the menu reminds me of a Beef O'Brady's and the place was very clean when we went. My husband ordered the fajita's and I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich. Our waiter was very attentive (weird hippy man), our food was actually really good and the other couples were enjoying their food as well. They were not busy, so that might be why it was clean, service was good and the food was actually really good. The fajitas were some of the best we had in New Orleans and my buffalo sandwich was just like the Chili's version. Their signature chips were pretty good. They are homemade potato crisps with bleu cheese and bacon. I was pleased with my meal and I will be back.
We were automatically seated, had drinks in a manner of minutes, long island was very strong, food was out in less than 15 minutes, food was good and our waiter had our bill waiting. I will definitely go back!So we ate here with kids to use our kids eat free pass from hotel.  when we were seated we waited 15 mins before anyone took a drink order they were fast at getting drinks and appetizer to us. Drinks were good.  We waited an additional 45 mins to place our food order. Not sure why waiter didn't come back to take food order sooner.   Food was good just need faster, friendlier service.this place was beyond awful. our first night in NO for vacation and we just wanted to grab a quick bite. meal was like 40 bucks for 2 entrees and 2 beers. chicken strips breading wouldnt stay attached to the chicken. service was SLOW and the place was empty. bus boy used windex to clean off table top next to us. just a bad experience. wouldnt recommend to my worst enemy.okay service.  Closes at 10 or when the game ends. Laid back place.  I had a great bloody Mary here.  If you're looking for someplace quiet to watch a game this would probably work.Came here to get out of the stifling heat and cool off while getting something cold to drink. We shared a fried oyster/shrimp platter. The shrimp was nicely fried as well as the oysters. Seasoned fries made for a good side, but the salad was a bit lacking (it was just shredded lettuce with diced tomatoes and shredded cheese). All in all, it was just a good place to get out of the heat and enjoy a snack.So... this place is on the 'cheesy' side... and the menu is not all that original... kind boring stuff... burgers, quesadillas, buffalo wings, fries... that kind of thing.
There was a small section that had a few New Orleans favorites... so I ordered the Red Beans and Rice... and was pleasantly surprised... I mean... it was tasty and it was filling and with a little hot sauce it was 'just right'.  We got to try the jambalaya too.... it was really good and I wish I had ordered that too... so good... good spice... good meatiness.... good flavors that blended nicely together.
The shrimp appetizer was not all the great... I wouldn't recommend it... it was pretty bland.  
The Hurricane was strong!!!  Wow!  You only need one of those.
An easy place to get in and out of ... good place for groups.How the hell is this place still in business??? Taking advantage of tourists apparently. Food was terrible, gumbo was COLD! Chips tasted like paint. Im surprised I'm not sick. We took a few bites and left. $35 bill for 2. Felt ripped off. Seriously, I eat everything and anything, but not this!So one of the girls from Holiday Inn suggested we go here, out of all WONDERFUL  places to go, we were starving so we just went to the closest place possible. I wish we didn't end up here but we did. I think she may have suggested this place because its connected to the Holiday Inn right next door. Anyway, the service was ok, it was clean inside, but the food is like soooo NOT authentic  New Orleans food. Tasted like a robot made it with a set of instructions. They have a breakfast buffet in the early part of the morning , that Holiday Inn gave us a discount coupon for, but we didn't use it; cause I mean what for....Haha, "unremarkable in every way" that's what Scott says below.   I do agree with this statement. This place is what it is.  It's a sports bar with quick service and quite a few tvs.   The nachos are giant and we thorougly enjoyed them.  Strangely the only beer on draft is budweiser (not light) and michelob light.  
If you're looking for great food or a romantic dinner, skip it.  If you're looking for beers and sports and bar food, this is a good spot.If I could give this zero stars I would. We just wanted something quick to eat before changing for the concert. Our server took our order. 15 minutes later no food and no drinks!  He is nowhere to be found. We asked another server if she could tell him to bring our drinks. She goes to the computer and can't find out order. 20 minutes later he comes by says everything is coming right away. We left. It just took too long.HO-LEE SHE-YIT...... This place sucked HARD!!! It smelled like sour ass to the point that it actually kept me from finishing my food, which was mediocre at best. Please please please, heed the review's warningsIt was a cute cheesy place. Looks like something straight out of a Chevy Chase vacation flick. The waiters are dressed in loud hawaiian shirts and the bar is complete with a thatch roof. I would never have guessed this place would have Mexican fare, but ok. I was just there for a brief visit so I got the drinks and chips with salsa. The salsa was pretty good but VERY spicy. 
It was fairly priced, but don't think I'll return for a while. Maybe if I'm in the quarter and want mexican food...but not likely.Went here in an attempt to escape the rain. When we walked it I was taken back by the outdated decor, but our waitress was a young lady that did a great job! Also, our food did not take that long to come out and was good! My friend and I both enjoyed what we ordered.It's not as ephemeral as total consciousness, but they're the closest thing to a sports bar in the area, so they've got that going for them.  Golf was only one of the many sports playing on the couple dozen high def TVs as I entered the restaurant off the first block of Royal Street.  Kitschy signs and of course parrots decorate the walls of the large dining area anchored by a bar near the entrance.  A covered patio faces the street.
I ordered the steak fajitas, and as no complimentary chips and salsa are offered here, occupied myself with the many games playing above my head.  My dish arrived maybe ten minutes later, the steak comprised of a carne asada which I felt was a step above the tough, chewy ribeye meat used at Country Flame around the corner.  It was chopped into smallish pieces rather than sliced lengthwise, and arrived on a hot plate atop a large mound of sauteed onions, bell peppers, and mushrooms.  All the elements were hot, but they weren't sizzling and steaming like you get at Superior (some others scoff at Superior, but I do enjoy the fajtas there).  The sides of chopped iceberg lettuce, diced tomatoes, and crumbled cheese were mediocre.  Sour cream and salsa were served in plastic containers.  Guacamole did not accompany them.  My four flour tortillas were a tad on the dry side, and obviously not made on site (RIP Cucos on Carrollton).
The bar offers a small selection of beers for $4 and a dozen or so fruity cocktails for $10.  Premade margaritas bubble in a plastic vat on the back wall.
The most striking feature to this restaurant is their policy of not offering tap water.  Customers are forced to buy bottled water.  There's no faster route to earning a "tourist trap" designation in my book than inconveniencing patrons by scheming so obviously towards the bottom line.
The food wasn't outrageously bad, but it wasn't good either, and better options for southwestern food exist in the Quarter.  If I'm with a group of friends who demand a sports bar atmosphere I could see myself considering the Checkered Parrot, but outside of that scenario I wouldn't go back.Lots of TVs but the service and staff could use an upgrade. Our bartender spilled beer on himself, imagine that, and one would've thought the world had ended. He had to look in his book to make a hurricane and should've looked up margarita earlier.  My advice : look for another sports bar.DO NOT EVER GO HERE. I am not kidding I never give a place reviews this bad but this one should be avoided at all costs. Why?:
1. Automatic 18% gratuity on bills
2. Breakfast buffett only, no menu. It's $12.99 plus gratuity plus water is extra (bottled only) plus it wasn't that good. My total bill was $20 for breakfast
3. There was rat feces and possibly urine right behind my chair
4. The staff is less than excited about the job
DO NOT GO HEREI had low expectations when I came in this place, the only reason for coming in here was that I was staying at the Holiday Inn next door and I was waiting for someone to meet me. Well just as most of the reviews say, this place is horrible! Yelp should make a brown star so people can identify this place by it! Service - HORRIBLE, Food - HORRIBLE! I thought the nachos may be okay because some reviews said they were great... greasy is more appropriate. I would eat my own vomit before eating here again!We went in not expecting much as we realized we weren't eating at the Commander's Palace but didn't expect the Commander's outhouse.  
Slow service, limited menu, an 18% gratuity for a party of 2 and below average food. 
Our waitress basically begged us not to order the po boy sandwich as she told us repeatedly how bad it was. Hopefully her missing tooth wasn't buried in our french dip sandwiches. 
Avoid at all costs.UGH! DIRTY!!! I felt like there was a layer of grime over the whole place. And the food was just not good. I had the jambalaya and could barely manage 3 spoons as it was horribly over-salted.
Just keep walking, you can do better in New Orleans.Possibly the worst food I've had in New Orleans (or anywhere I've visited on vacation).  The French dip was almost inedible, and if I hadn't been trying to prepare my stomach for a night of heavy drinking, I probably wouldn't have finished it.  The cheese must have been made of plastic- it peeled right off the bread.  The au jus was too salty and tasted like it came from a can.  The "homemade" chips were bland and tasted burned, the fries were too soft (almost soggy).  
Even if you're trying to save money in New Orleans, you should really skip this place.  Pay a little more for a reputable place and you won't regret it.Horrible. Waited 20 minutes for our drinks. And after waiting for our meal for almost 45 minutes, it came out wrong! Unbelievable. I've waited tables for many years and this was a ridiculous experience.My friend and I visiting from out of town decided to stop in here because we were starving! We were probably the only group there at first... I should have known. The young lady who seated us seemed pleasant enough. My friend had to stop her to ask to order an appetizer. The chips and salsa were plain, definitely nothing to write home about. My friend ordered a veggie quesadilla and I got the bleu burger. Food was pretty good but that was quickly eclipsed by the fact that we had to wait about 20-30 minutes for our server to show back up, just to get refills on WATER. I asked her to bring our tickets, which she did, only to disappear for ANOTHER 20 MINUTES. Disgusted, I finally took the checks up to the register myself (still no sign of our server in sight). After all sorts of confusion about splitting checks (because the server only brought one check), the kind gentleman at the front 'comp-ed' our meal. That was the best thing about my experience here! 
I did ask what happened to our server and was told that she had to take an emergency phone call... only to later pass her, walking down the street with a bag of food in her hand. Ugh. It's not the food that will destroy this place, it is the awful, disgusting service they provide. I'm sorry I left her the tip I did.I have to agree with what all the other reviews are saying: slow waiters, slow service, not friendly, food not good and overpriced. Our food took forever and it was not hot anymore. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else like one of the MANY dive bars which has way better food.If i could leave 0 stars, i would. A group of us went there to watch the US-Ghana soccer game this past weekend. We got there by 11 am and I ordered nachos which were unfortunately the best thing about the place. After this, it all went downhill. Even before the place filled up, our waitress went missing and we had to track her down to get more drinks. When the place filled up, the waitresses never kept up...not that they even tried to. The manager acted as if she could have cared less. There was one bartender for the whole place! Who owns this place? I felt sorry for the people at the table next to us. They were there for almost an hour and not even one waitress bothered to take their drink order. They finally got up and asked for drinks and finally threw some money on the table and left. Since there were 7 of us, they added 18% gratuity not once but twice. We got one of the charges removed. Hadwe even one ounce of energy left after getting our drinks ourselves most of the game, we would have strongly objected to even being charged 18% once. We were so disgusted at that point that we just left after paying.One star! Only because there are no half or quarter stars.  This place blows. There was a sign on the door saying "No More Tables!", yet inside only 3 tables were actually seated, so we went in and plopped at the bar for a drink while we waited for a friend. 5 minutes...10 minutes...finally service. I use the term service lightly. An obviously flustered "bar tender" (in her defense, there were at least 4 customers..ha!) finally took our order...5 minutes passed again before we actually got our beers. Yes...5 minutes for a beer in an empty bar, but we had the pleasure of watching a manager chew out the bartender and the even greater pleasure of hearing the bar tender bitch and moan about the manager to other patrons...complete with colorful language! Assuming we would have at least another 5 minutes before we got our check for a "quick beer", we asked for the bill. Low and behold...5 minutes! This place seems to run in 5 minute increments...speaking of -crements, I swear I saw rodent poop on the floor. That of course was nothing compared to the aroma of raw sewage wafting through the place. All in all...keep walking.Ok. Where do I start?  The heat?  The bad food?  The waitress that I didn't know was my waitress?  No, let's start with the fact that you cannot get a glass of water with your meal. If you want water, you have to buy a bottle. Don't waste your time or money here.Dammit I should of yelped this before I went.
We waited for 30 min to be served
We waited for cold food for 40 min
We waited to close our check 20 min
Bathroom dirtyI only had the mushrooms(delicious by the way). We stopped there because we couldn't find Duke's (hey it seems like that's how everyone else ends up there... On their way to another place lol.) Waiter was very nice. We had drinks and I wanted some sautéed mushrooms (best I ever had... Ok I'm lying but they were good!)Where to begin......I wish I could give less than a star or even a negative star.  First off I'll have to say that I've experienced a lot of terrible customer service in my day.  But the experience I had here today takes the cake as the absolute worst I've ever had in my ENTIRE life.  
Went here for lunch today as we were staying in the adjoining hotel and it was raining out.  It is Sunday and the placed was jammed with people watching football.  The waitress came to our table to take our drink order and returned awhile later.  As she was taking our food order she abruptly left the table to go to the next table over as she spotted something odd with the food being delivered.  Kind of odd to leave while my friend was mid sentence in ordering, but whatever. 
It's football season and very busy, I get that but.....fast forward an hour later, I finally ask her....can you please check on our food?  To which she comes back to the table and apologizes that she "forgot" to put in our order.   But assured us that that kitchen was slowing down now and that our food would come right out.  The gentlemen at the table sitting next to us started laughing and said that the waitress had done the same thing to them.  
Fast forward another 45 minutes later and our food still has not come out.  At which point we've had enough.  I track her down in another part of the restaurant and tell her that we are leaving.  She returns to our table with a bill for our drinks and the food ticket from the kitchen in hand and tells us to "forget about the food".  By this time I'm livid and ready to throttle someone.  
We explained that it is completely unacceptable for us to be waiting two hours for food under any circumstance and we asked to speak to the manager.  She mumbled something about the manager being busy and walked away to go find the manager.  Awhile later she returned and said the manger was busy and wasn't going to come over.  We walked out.  Wasting two hours of our time and no food to show for it.   The Subway two doors down never tasted so good.  
Do yourself a favor and NEVER, EVER even think about going to eat at this place.  You'll be far better off in the long run.  There's way too many good places to eat in NOLA.  This certainly isn't one of them.I was planning to give this restaurant the benefit of it having been about 2 years since I was there. However, judging by the other comments, little has changed.
My boyfriend and I made a quick stop for food here in March of 2008 while in town for the 3-11 Day show. It was the night before the concert and this location was packed, given the sudden influx of 311 fans and Mardi Gras tourists. They had either just opened, or just re-opened after a large construction and were gravely understaffed. I'd love to review the food I ate, but I never actually ate anything. On 3 occasions I was sent another person's food (eventually I would have just taken it, but they consistently sent food I was allergic to!). Finally, after 2 hours and no end of incorrect food in sight, we attempted to get our bill. After another hour of waiting for a waiter who apparently quit mid-shift, we threw down a $20 (for our drinks and my boyfriend's entree, which wasn't what he ordered but for which he was at least not allergic) and considered it still grossly overpaying for the "food" and "service" we received.
First impressions last a life-time and I encourage you to not bother making the mistake I did. As the other comments show, this particular experience was not the exception. There are better places to eat in such a supreme culinary city than some generic sports bar anyway.Located next door to the Holiday Inn - French Quarter. I had lunch. Like most places here in New Orleans, good selection of alcohol. I had the red beans and rice with grilled sausage. Nothing to write home about. It was good, but not great. Good bartender service.I would give this place negative stars if I could because it's that bad. You walk in where a sign says "wait to be seated". Only problem is there isn't anyone there to seat you! You wait and wait and wait and finally someone sees you just standing there and decides to seat you. So far that's not even the worst part. A person brings you to a table and forgets you! I went with my friend for lunch during work hours trying to get a "decent" meal and trust me you wont get one here. We sit there waiting and waiting and waiting when finally we get "service" and i use that term to the lightest degree. It took them 30 minutes for the waiter to even order our drinks! The food is below average at best and the staff is so clueless that no one knows who's waiting which table. Its terribly dirty inside of the restaurant and has a bad odor and not only that it looks like there is rat droppings on the floor at some of the tables. I'm telling you there are so many better places to eat in NOLA. This place is a joke of a restaurant and will never go here again even if they were giving out free food or if they paid me!I was just wanting a snack and a beverage. It was attached to my hotel. so why not. I had a crown and coke. Normal small bar glass. 9 DOLLARS????????????. Ordered the chips and cheese. Cheese dip was good. first serving of chips was stale and very greasy. second batch was good. I wont be going there for another beverage.If I could give this place no stars I would. Horrible service, Disgusting food and tacky atmosphere. Do yourself a favor and walk right by this placeFood sucks big time services is crappy 
I was really disappointed with this restaurant the super nachos  no flavor the were blaaaaaa  don't eat hereI love the "Parrot" chips.  Service was ok the last time I was there, but can be slow at times.THIS WAS THE WORST PLACE I HAVE EVER BEEN IN MY LIFE!!! EVER!!! NO STARS AT ALL! NEGATIVE 100 STARS! 
I was down there for a few days and me and my whole group were starving. We decided to eat at this place...the trash on the road would have been better! 
The service was awful. Our waiter got all of our orders right except one person did not get hers at ALL! 
Had to get up and go to the bar to get a refill on water. 
Food came finally after 30 min or so and was so cold I could not eat it! I had a Shrimp and Oyster Po-Boy. The bread was so hard I could barely bite it! Everyones food was cold! 
The blonde headed girl working the bar was nice until a customer came to her that was not in our party said "Can we get some service, we have been here for 10 min!" she said "yes sir we will have someone right over, sorry about that!" He went back to the table and said to my table "They can leave for all I care, those bitches are not going to tip! HAHA!" 
This was just a small run down of how bad the staff there is! 
DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!! 
Palace Cafe is where the amazing food is! :)4stars all for the bartender. We didn't eat here so and from the reviews I'm glad we didn't. We came here Sunday to watch the football games, great sports bar, TONS of tv's. The place is dated but the tv's we're nice. The women's  bathroom was gross and it was still early, wouldn't want to see them at night! Our bartender was attentive and came to check on us often. She was great about changing the tv's to the games we wanted. She was also pretty fast with the drinks considering how busy they were. Would come back again, just to watch the games.Don't waste your time at this restaurant. The food isn't bad but the service is absolutely terrible. I ordered chicken fingers, my daughter ordered a buffalo tender wrap and my other daughter ordered fried cheese sticks. We all had water and I had iced tea as well. There was a party of 30 men on the other side of the restaurant. Needless to say guess where all the waitresses attention stood at - yep, where the male patrons were. Not only that the ambience of the restaurant has televisions every where - like a sports bar. Spend some time walking in the French Quarter there are plenty of dives with great food and plenty of A rated restaurants with the pricey but delicious menus.Came here in May for my birthday, stayed at the hotel next door. RUDE hostess, acted like the world owed her something, told us we could find our own seats. After sitting at a table for 10 min with no one checking on us, my friends and I went to the bar. The bartender was super nice n hot LOL she recommended great drinks, every food choice was on point, and she even gave us some great tips in the city and random stuff to check out. It is 2 bad a chick like that is stuck in this dump. When we plan our next guys trip to NOLA I hope I find this girl, working in another bar. Best shots ever.