Iced coffee is cold brewed, almost put cream in it but doesn't need it; so good! I'm so glad we wandered by.Cherry Coffee is a kiosk inside Stein's deli. The coffee is on par with Hivolt: great coffee and beautiful latte art. It is also only a 5 minute walk to Hivolt. You can easily try coffee at both places to compare and contrast.
If you are visiting New Orleans and looking for recommendations, feel free to message me through Yelp and I can share my itinerary, which includes my Yelp reviews. The information for an electronic copy can also be found via my Yelp profile.Another NOLA neighborhood gem. Large open space, with cool art and room decor. A curated selection of single origin coffee, placed on the counter for your smelling pleasure and curiosity. Lauren, owner, is charming and personable, coffee is prepared with great care and attention to detail.Top-notch beans freshly ground and brewed by a knowledgable, friendly, unpretentious barista. Cherry Coffee can't be beat. And don't forget to grab a bag of beans yourself; Lauren keeps a fresh stock of the best coffees available from small roasters across the country.This coffee kiosk is tucked away in the front corner of Stein's, but they're turning out some of the best coffee in the city. In addition, they seem like really nice people. My girly latte was yummy, but my coffee snob companion seemed equally impressed with his double expresso. Coffee on Magazine Street has been a hit or miss experience for us, so we'd definitely come back to this place. On par with Antoine's in the Quarter, which is a big compliment.I go here most days because I live so close. The coffee is wonderful, and the service is mostly great, some times better than others. Just wish they were open on Mondays!Lauren does not mess around when it comes to coffee. Seriously. Go there and you will see.
The coffee-obsessed will not be disappointed.Had an one of the best Ethiopian espresso ever. Very smooth, stone fruit with honey notes. Perfectly pulled shot. Baristas were very friendly and suggested other great coffee shops to visit during my vista to NOLA. Snuggled in a beautiful southern neighborhood with decor that fits the surrounding area, wish I could come back more.Great atmosphere with awesome art, very unique, great for early morning studying. They have a shake of the day and the peanut butter and jelly one was very good, the shakes have top notch consistencyI just got into coffee 6 months ago, and still sort of new to the whole coffee scene. I asked a question about the different blends and the owner took her time to explain in great detail about their different blends and processing methods. She informed me about attending a class later that day and it was delightful. It's very modern and clean with high ceilings.Best coffee you will get in New Orleans- maybe even the world. I wish the hours were longer, as they close at 1pm, but it's a nice spot in Steins and you can always visit the other location (which is more sit down). I love cherry!The BEST service, attention to preparation and uber knowledgable about the flavor profile of each coffee. I stumble in weary faced and in desperate need of caffeine based beverage and walk out knowing that I'll be peppier in moments. This spot pretty much rules.Their brewed coffee is amazing & the woman who helped me was charming & friendly. Can't wait to go back. Simple & fast.Quite simply, some of the best espresso and iced coffee I have ever had. I was in NOLA for four days and I came here three times. I like coffee; so I also visited two other coffee shops while in town and based on my limited experience I'm confidant Cherry pulls the best shots in the city. 
The baristas are friendly and knowledgable, they were awesome. 
Check it out, this place is a gem.This place has a great classic vibe, great coffee and a great host. Lauren will take care of you. Try their breakfast sandwich on a croissant.Some folks still respect the details, the value of the time it takes to do things the right way. On a four-day visit, we stopped in three times for Espresso. Nothing suits a New Orleans visit better than good coffee. Served by friendly engaging folks who don't mind telling you about their beans, they can also recommend a sandwich at Stein's, the Deli that houses the supernaturally good coffee kiosk.I'll keep this simple. This new bar located inside of Stein's has the best coffee/espresso in New Orleans and I've searched all across Uptown, Downtown, Marigny, Bywater, Midcity. The barista really knows her stuff, which is cool because they rotate their beans frequently, but the quality never dips! Highly recommend it!Cherry Coffee is a great spot to drop by and grab a properly pulled shot of espresso made with quality beans from all over the world. Cherry is not a foam-spooner, not a milk-scalder, not an angry sad or blank face. I have started coming to this spot 5 times a week, and it meets several critical needs. Before 11am, parking is criminally easy to find, the barista obviously loves what she is doing, she continuously sources new beans that are processed in natural ways (just google it, ok? Jesus) from all over the globe, and her croissants and scones are never stale (no baked goods at the coffee counter. She's a coffee nerd, for godsakes, not a pastry chef. Just drink her coffee).
An added plus is the fact that Cherry is inside Stein's Deli (don't read Stein's yelp reviews. Trust me, it's a fantastic place).
Cherry has cold brew coffee and various beans to enjoy as a pour-over, and if you really think you're awesome you can buy some bad-ass tools and fantastic, fresh beans to make your own pour-over at home.A new favrite coffe house.  Coffe is good, the choice and quality of the hot breakfasts are excellent. Counter service is efficient, courteous, and helpful.  A convivial, graduate student study atmosphere.  Quiet, real.  Located across the street from a park/0playground/dogpark that enables you to have a wuiet moment while your children or significant other can romp in a safe place.Cherry is an excellent, unpretentious specialty coffee shop occupying a corner of Stein's Market. The owner is friendly and knowledgeable, and the business-within-a-business setup is pretty groovy--it also means there's seating, which is otherwise in short supply for NOLA's specialty coffee outlets.
The coffee itself comes from a rotating selection of roasters, mostly regional and smaller operations, which is cool to see.Lauren, you're my girl boo. Thanks for bringing expertly prepared, unique NOM coffee that's affordable and in a laid back atmosphere. I also kind of hate you because I can't drink coffee from any other place now. Jk girl don't hate you, but the rest is true.Adorable coffee kiosk inside Stein's deli. The coffee is delicious and the designs in the lattes are a lovely touch. 
My visit to Cherry coincided with my lunch at Stein's, so I waited in line at the sandwich counter, ordered lunch, and walked up to the Barista at Cherry. She kindly took my order and quickly prepared my beverage, which was was served in a paper cup. No big deal, but there were awesome, heavy mugs and saucers right in front of me which I would have much preferred to drink out of. I understand to-go cups, but if you intend to give me one, you should ask.
They take cards (square reader), but be kind and bring cash.
Bottom Line: best little coffee stop on magazineThis is a stellar culinary experience. Number one you have Lauren Fink the premiere coffee roaster in the city creating incredible espresso blends and keeping the coffee drinking experience fresh and innovative. Second you have a master Barista in Esa who genuinely cares and is on top of your requested beverage. All in all the best coffee drinking experience in all of New Orleans. From someone who trolls coffee shops in New Orleans dailyEspresso always on point.  Lauren really knows her coffee.  I mean, really knows her coffee!  Her true passion for roasting and brewing couldn't be more obvious. 
Ok, coffee awesomely delicious ... Service and product consistency is perfection! 
Lauren operates with such precision.  Grind has to be the exact size and consistency, weight has to be spot on.  You won't be disappointed.  
I am looking forward to having Cherry Coffee in my life foreverBest coffee in town, and the regular coffee is reasonably priced for a coffee house ($2.75).  I love that they give you for-here cups as the first impulse, and only give you a to-go cup if you ask for it, rather than the other way around.  This might have to do with the intelligent and thoughtful baristas, who also make this a great place.  
Oh-- and, if you stopped coming here because they didn't have a locking bathroom, it has been fixed!  :)I just finished the most delicious cortado at Cherry Coffee Roasters this morning. My sister lives around the corner, is a regular, and told me, no ordered me :), to visit Cherry's while she was working this morning--wow  am I glad I did!
My go-to warm coffee beverage is a cappuccino but Lauren, the owner, kindly gave me a brief lesson on the differences between a cappuccino, flat white, and cortado. I am an educator so I loved learning something new and chatting with Lauren. 
I also had the avocado toast which featured very a very fresh avocado (much fresher than anything I can get in Nebraska) with tasty flavors that I don't remember. If you're a big eater, you might want to look elsewhere for a full breakfast but this was perfect for me. 
The space is on the smaller side, although on this Monday morning, there were plenty of spaces for all of us to work on laptops and others to visit around the larger table. 
The definite highlight is the coffee-such a great flavor! Oh, and I loved that my cortado was served in what looked like a crystal juice glass that my grandmother used to have. Such nice little touches! 
Tip: My sister usually gets the iced coffee, which I will have next time!Great place! Nice vibe, friendly staff, and a peaceful  place for working. I had their mint tea, which was delicious. The cafe is almost hidden in the building so it's not as crowded.The iced coffee is fantastic and the vibe is inviting here.  We found this on our morning walk and will alter it to always stop here now.
There's a menu of food that looks enticing so looking forward to trying the avocado toast.
Very friendly young woman manning the front!Ok, I admit it.  I only stopped here because I want to be like Uber Yelper John L. H. (JK).  However, I will admit that when I saw his ROTD for Cherry Coffee, and just happened to already be on Magazine Street, I made a beeline for this newly opened coffee shop.
This very small / quaint coffee shop is located inside of Stein's Deli, and as as soon as you walk in the door, take an immediate left or you'll walk right past it; as it has a very small footprint within this store.
But don't let the size fool you.  Lauren, the owner / barista is serving up some fine coffee.  Since it was a hot day today, and nearly 12:00 noon, I opted not to try a hot coffee or latte and instead get an iced coffee.  I usually don't "do" iced coffees, but this one definitely hit the spot.  I like my coffee a little sweet, so I added a splash of half & half & 2 Splendas. Perfection!
Looking forward to trying a cup of the hot stuff in the very near future.Such a darling little shop.  Several seats so you can enjoy coffee there...had a macaroon, hot coffee and ice tea...all very good.I may have just discovered my new go-to coffee spot.
Early yesterday I was driving down Magazine Street and noticed sign outside of Stein's that advertised a new coffee shop. Always on the lookout for new places to try, I parked in Stein's lot and headed inside.
Because it was inside of another business I did not expect such a variety of offerings. 
I decided to start with an iced coffee. Prior to adding sweetener, I took a sip. I am quite glad that I did as this was the best iced coffee I had ever tasted. I am not sure how she did it, but the owner was able to do what no other coffee purveyor has done. It was so well brewed that it did not need anything other than ice. 
Because I wanted to see what else this new shop could do, I ordered a latte. While not a huge fan of lattes in general, I realize it takes a certain skill to make designs in the froth. My design was heart which was very fitting since I now love this shop.
The owner is also the barista and besides making an excellent cup of coffee, she is very friendly and knowledgeable. I thoroughly enjoyed standing around drinking my coffee and talking with her about her business.
Don't be put off by the fact that the shop is inside of another business. The concept works very well. Because Stein's has lots of tables, you could get a coffee, sit down and work or study. Then when lunchtime rolls around, order a sandwich and continue working.
I really liked Cherry Coffee. If you are looking for an excellent cup of coffee and incredibly friendly service, i encourage you to check it out.Cherry Coffee Roasters is becoming one of my go-to spots. They make a good flat white, it's quiet, and the decor is really pretty. However, I wish there were a larger menu both for drinks and eats (from what I can tell, the menu photos on Yelp aren't accurate). It's pretty much espresso, hot tea, and toasts. It'd be great to see some of the items from the original Cherry on Laurel St: chai, shrub sodas, and breakfast tacos, please!Now this is my kind of place! Quiet little coffee shop on Magazine street. Amazing Cortados, fast and friendly service. 
We love coffee shops we can go relax, read and write, and enjoy amazing coffee. This place checks all the boxes.A friend of mine was visiting from out of town, and being the huge coffee fiend that he is, he had compiled a list of different coffee places to try. One of the places on the list was Cherry Coffee, and since we had just had lunch a block away, we decided to check it out.
Cherry Coffee isn't even a coffee shop, but a stand located inside of Stein's Deli and Market. I walked up and ordered and iced coffee and it was really good with a lot of flavor and just enough "kick". Admittedly, Cherry has their work cut out for them; District Donuts is right next door and their coffee is really good as well, but this little stand seems to be holding it's own. 
I would love to know if the owner has any plans to open a "brick and mortar" coffee shop in a different location. From what I could tell, she is doing just fine here. Cherry probably wouldn't be my first choice for coffee in the city, but it does a good job in a java heavy landscape.this place is right next to the hair place i went too so it was perfect, i read on the reviews that the ice coffee was awesome so i tried that and it hit the spot! Reasonable price and such a cute new orleans spotCute coffee shop with decent espresso. They serve food as well but I've only been here for their lattes. The inside of the building is nicely decorated with ample seating but also a cozy feel.Delicious!
A charming barista who knows her stuff. My cappuccino looked and tasted great. I was a little confused at first, because I thought it was a separate biz instead of a pop-up. I'm sure as time goes by, she'll have her own deali-o!Thanks to Yelp Elite Angie T. or else I never would've known about Cherry Coffee. It's a cute little coffee stand in Stein's Deli. If you arrive before noon you'll more often than not be able to enjoy your coffee while chilling in the restaurant (which you will then be tempted into buying a sandwich, #factoflife)
I ordered a large mocha for $5. The menu is simple and to the point, and that's good because I'm no skinny soy latte with a splash of splenda kinda lady. The espresso is good, like real good. Definitely comparable to my favorite coffee shops in town (CC's you're losin' me, brah!). I'm finally starting to realize what good coffee is in this town, and whereas I love to dilute it with a tablespoon of chocolate syrup, places like Cherry Coffee is doing an amazing job of keeping that amazing coffee/espresso flavor present, even in a mocha. 
The barista was very very pleasant, and I hope to come back around and enjoy a great mocha again from her, and one day, in her own joint...only because it being in Stein's will cause me to continue to buy their delicious sandwiches and gazpacho and stay for hours at a time. ;)I stopped in here while waiting for Idle Hands Tattoo to open. The barista was very friendly and brought me an Americano. I usually take a LOT of cream in my coffee, but this was so good, I was fine sipping at it with no added dairy. Very good coffee, clean and cute shop. A great place to stop in and have a wonderful beverage.Cherry makes my top ten for coffee in the city, possibly top five. Always excellent cortados and lattes. Got bad milk once in a coffee to go, but they made up for it next time I came. Friendly and conveniently located inside Steins, which was weak for coffee before Cherry.Cherry Coffee Roasters is a place to stop by mainly for the ambiance and not for the coffee. The drinks were overpriced (we got two drinks with almond milk for ~ $14) and they mainly tasted like the almond milk. 
Overall, I probably would recommend just going a bit further down to Mojo's because their drinks are overall way better!As you walk into Stein's, you will notice on a tiny wooden kiosk with an espresso machine, this is the new and awesome Cherry Coffee. It was started by someone who thought they could make a better tasting coffee than the other shops around this area. They're definitely giving them a run for their money! Cherry Coffee is like the coffee version of small batch whiskey and micro-brews. The coffee is handcrafted and detail is given to every aspect of the brewing process. I mean they make their own vanilla extract for their iced coffee! And the price for said iced coffee is similar to the other shops around this area.
Usually when I come in, there is no line and it's easy for me to get my coffee and head to work without being late. Usually that's not the case because I stay and chat with the barista. They are always smiling, happy to be there, and happy to serve you.Very small coffeehouse on the first floor of a condo building.  The coffee is excellent and there is a long bar with stools overlooking Magazine Street. Waitstaff was attentive.This may well be my new favorite breakfast place. We sat at the counter, which faces magazine street so we could people watch, but they also have outside seating and a few tables inside. Super welcoming and casual atmosphere. I tend to be a bit of an espresso snob, so I was thrilled to see that they make theirs the old school way, with the manual espresso machines (rather than that automated nonsense that most coffee shops have switched over to in recent years) and you can really taste the difference in quality. My almond milk cappuccino was the PERFECT ratio of espresso:milk:foam. They also have a whole new breakfast menu- sadly, I forgot to take a picture of it, but will update this post with a photo the next time I go. They've got a nice mix of gluten free/plant-based options and meat/dairy/egg-based options. I had the crawfish cake Benedict and my boyfriend had the breakfast sandwich, both of which I HIGHLY recommend. If you are under the impression that all breakfast sandwiches are the same, think again. This one was made of ingredients prepared entirely in-house, from the biscuit to the amazing pepper jelly and it was to die for. Like, I'd probably be willing to actually die for another one of those things. And the crawfish cake Benedict was melt in your mouth incredible. I'm a sucker for a good eggs Benedict but this surpassed my expectations in every way. Hats off to chef Wes and to the excellent barista, Alexis for their wonderful service and food and coffee!Sooo urban sheek! Awesome coffee! The breakfast choices were right up our alley. I had the salmon toast. OMG sooo good. Customer service was great. The lady who served us was warm and friendly...felt like we were at a friends house and they were making breakfast for us. I would definitely be back!Cute place... with delicious drinks! The Rosette comes with an actual rose on top!! Soooooo pretty! The drink itself is light and very refreshing... not sweet at all! So if you're in the mood for something non-caffeinated, this is a perfect drink!Sweet little coffee shop located in our building. Super nice folks working there and the coffee is very tasty. Can't wait to try their menu items.This is not really a coffee shop, it is a coffee kiosk inside a general store.
A friend of mine recommended this place to me; and stated it was the best coffee in New Orleans.
Being a coffee lover & connoisseur I put it on my list, and went there one moanin'...
I was a little confused at first until I realized it was a separate kiosk.  There was a pretty long line, moving pain fully slow, it wasn't real organized...  (now the review rating is going down)...  it was also very crowded, people sitting at tables who were patrons of the general store, then people there separately just for the coffee...  people bumping into each other "excuse me" as they were separating themselves from general store patrons to cherry coffee patrons...  "Let me get by your to get some milk and sugar"...  "pass the ketchup for my breakfast sandwich..."  hungh...
So I figured; okay this is going to be good.
Finally got the coffee....  meh.  it was fine.  was it all the hype?  absolutely not.
Would I recommend it?  Unless you were in the general store (Stein's Deli) for something / as a matter of convenience, no I would not.
It was standard.  Nothing extraordinary.
If you want the best go to Mojo on Freret.Wonderful coffee and cute vibe! Definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a third wave shop!Came by because I had a gift card. The iced coffee was fantastic! My lady enjoyed her tea and the croissant was perfect!
The spot is located in the new building on magazine before it turns into opposite lanes. It is the store right next to salon, I had some trouble making sure I was in the right place. It's nice and cozy and seemed stocked with people studying so it is quiet as well. I'll be back because the prices were pretty cheap and I have a lot left on my GC. Give it a try!Haven't had time to stop in here until today. Nice shop with places to work or just people watch. Had a yummy shortbread cookie with a wonderful tasting latte. Will definitely be back!Just when you thought Stein's couldn't get more awesome, along comes Cherry Coffee.  The coolest sandwich shop in the city plus the coolest coffee shop in the city equals a whole lotta awesome.
Cherry Coffee is a pop up in Stein's but like a previous reviewer mentioned, I wouldn't count on Lauren being there too long before she has her own place.  I've had an iced and frozen coffee here and they were both great. Don't be surprised if she remembers your name after only one visit. Her coffee is wonderful, she is such a sweetheart and the service is perfect. Win, win, win.
Well, would you look at that. It's coffee o'clock.I love this coffee shop! And I hate studying in coffee shops! 
It took me a few weeks to figure out that this location is associated with the seemingly more popular "Cherry Espresso Bar" on Laurel St. Uptown, but I think I've got the concept that they're sister locations down (at least according to the website). However, the vibes are completely different in my opinion. 
Both locations have a variety of seating areas, from couches to 2 person tables, to a bar, but I think the Magazine St. location is much more chic/cozy. It has red velvet couches, black leather chairs, fresh flowers on each table, a marble/granite bar, etc. The side room is nice and breaks up the space a bit. It is usually less busy or even empty, which is great for someone like me who prefers a quieter study atmosphere. In contrast, the Uptown location is always crowded and feels more cramped, with most of its seating on one side of the shop. 
On the particular afternoon I went here, I wanted decaf coffee but none was available, so I settled for a tea blend of Jasmine (verbena?) and Black. The barista was very welcoming and even let me smell the loose teas to help me make a decision. While it was pricey ($3.75 pre-tax), she brought a mug to my table with a small teapot for a 2nd cup which I thought was a great gesture and worth the money, especially since it was brewed fresh from the loose leaves!
The table I chose had a chair with a back (unlike Mojo coffee shop down the street) and it was very comfortable, which is a huge win in my book. The music was calming and not at all overbearing, so I was able to listen to my own content with my headphones. I enjoy looking out on Magazine St. while I study and getting some sunlight, too. AND the bathroom is clean. Another win. 
I will definitely be back... earlier in the day, too, so I can try some of their caffeinated drinks! The only downside I can see is that they don't seem to serve food (like the Uptown location) aside from a small pastry collection, but I don't really buy food when I'm at coffee shops so that doesn't bother me.Absolutely fell in love with this place. The coffee is divine, the food delicious, and the staff is exceptional. Will definitely be coming back!Cherry Espresso magically appeared along my route to work. OK, maybe not magically, but it was certainly meant to be. OK maybe not meant to be, but it sure is convenient. I firmly hold that the espresso here is the best in New Orleans. Unfortunately that's not a huge claim to fame as the espresso around town often leaves much to be desired. Truly though, this place compares favorably to my favorite shops in Portland and NYC.  May I suggest a "stella" which is Lauren's own twist on the iced americano. Espresso and a bit of water, stirred with ice, strained into a cup. A tiny, more delicious take on iced coffee.My new favorite coffee bar and restaurant. Cool jazz and plenty of free wifi. Beautiful decor with local art. Staff is warm and super helpful!Great coffee and service.  There are outlets at each table, so it's the perfect place to sit for a bit and knock out some work.So glad I decided to get some work done here today! I had two cups of drip coffee that were excellent, and the customer service was fantastic. 
There is a lot of natural light, great ambience in general with high ceilings, exposed brick, and art on the walls, plenty of outlets for laptops, an outdoor patio area, and the wifi works really well.
I can't wait to try the cortado, the espresso drinks, and the iced coffee I've come to know and love from frequenting Stein's deli.Coffee was amazing, 
Food was terrible, I got the egg breakfast sandwich and it was really bad! 
I think they should stick with making coffeeCherry Expresso is a cute neighborhood eatery, coffee house on Laurel, not too far off Magazine Street.  It's so quaint and laidback and had this very eclectic crowd--from young families to a sophisticated group of four sexagenarians.  
We decided on a brunch selection--hubby had the breakfast sandwich, substituting the jalapeño hummus for avocado; and I had the breakfast plate with sausage (I had asked for bacon).  The sandwich looked good, but I didn't taste it because, well, I guess hungry people don't like to share their food.  I liked my dish, not typically a sausage person, but this was not Jimmy Dean's from back in the day--it had sage, and paprika, not spicy but definitely homemade.  I also liked the toasted challah bread, served with apple cinnamon preserves.
The only disappointment was that hubby thought he could get his one free refill to go--not so.  Free refill only if you refill your original mug.  That's a bummer, but we had to run so he had to buy ANOTHER coffee to go.The breakfast tacos are legit AF, glad I discovered this place!  Also, the coffee is so good I'm pretty sure it has Molly in it... makes me sooooo happyGreat coffee selection (easily has the freshest bean selection that I've seen in the city), proper brewing (scales breaux), and a cool open location.  Food is good too for breakfast/lunch but kitchen closes at 1p. Bonus points for being open early. Best coffee in Nola right now.Some of the best coffee I've had in the city! Also a charming shop where you can easily study, meet up with friends, or just enjoy a lazy Sunday morning.I really liked this place. It's such a friendly atmosphere with great service. There was only 1 barista when I visited with my friend, and she talked with us about the new establishment and looked like she enjoyed making our drinks. The indoor space is like an open floor with a few tables and chairs, and there were quite a few people on their laptops. We sat on the patio, which is nice for more intimate conversations and to get a little bit of sun. I hope it does well, the coffee was nice and strong. I got a latte and I think my friend just got a dark roast. Quality coffee, some of their grinds were displayed on their shelves, so it was nice to know exactly where your coffee comes from.Stop rushing. Ease the clutch on your frappuccino. Yes, Cherry Espresso will take a bit to craft your drink, but, yes, more importantly, it will change your life. Or at least serve you the best coffee in the city.Cherry Espresso Bar was on a list by Joy the Baker so I stopped in. It's more contemporary than I expected - I expected minimalist - but it has lots of space and a food menu. It's across from a park in a quaint little neighborhood. There was a group of people sitting and chatting on the couches a la "Friends" and others working away. They have plenty of outlets for people to use. I got black coffee, which they get from some small roasteries (local and regional).Was in town visiting an old friend, he brought me here signing the praises of the breakfast pastries.  I was truly not disappointed, these have to be the best breakfast pastries in NO. I' from NY and have many top notch places to choose from and this is right up there will all of them! The cinnamon pull apart gave me a boner!Excellent espresso drinks, some of the best I had in New Orleans. Great iced tea. Less sure about the food options as I didn't try much. Very cool spot as well.Cherry Espresso Bar is one of my favorite little gems. It's not in a high traffic area, so mainly neighborhood locals hang out here. The ambiance is bright, inviting and warm. The staff is very cheerful and helpful! The menu is always fresh from local farmers. I absolutely love the granola and yogurt dish with a mean soy cappuccino!Truly awesome coffee of all kinds. Been frequenting their spot inside of Stein's for a while now. 
And, I just discovered, their chai latte is AMAZING: spicy and gingery and just sweet enough. So good I felt like it deserved a shout out. Yum!I have coffee everyday. I'm addicted and dependent completely. Cherry Espresso is BY FAR THE BEST IN THE CITY!!! The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. The atmosphere is chill. Clientele is diverse and a breath of fresh air. There are large windows throughout and beautiful natural light which makes for a great workspace. They also have outdoor seating. I've learned more about coffee since Cherry opened inside Stein's Deli almost 3 years. The additional location is beautiful! I had breakfast here the first time today. The menu is awesome. The quinoa bowl is healthy and TOTALLY delicious. This is a MUST for locals and visitors alike.I wish I could give this place a 6 out of 5 stars because it is amazing. The owner, Lauren, is so passionate about her coffee shop. I LOVE this coffee shop. Best lattes and tea!When I found out that Cherry coffee was getting it's very own store front I was very excited. I LOVE the Cherry located inside Stein's Deli and not only is that location still there, but this lovely location is situated right in the middle of a quaint neighborhood with plenty of convenient parking.
I stopped in today and grabbed a large iced coffee. I had some time on my hands, so I decided to sit for a while and take in the scenery. Past reviewers have done a great job of describing the fantastic atmosphere of the place. There are big windows that let in plenty of light and the space itself is large so that tables and chairs aren't squished into each other so you feel cramped.
The coffee was delicious as always. Cherry has some of the best iced coffee in New Orleans, as far as I'm concerned and I can never quite get my fill of it. This is a great addition to this quiet neighborhood and I am excited to make Cherry Espresso a regular stop whenever I find myself in the area.I'm so excited to have them in the neighborhood, I've been working here a few mornings a week, and they are so welcoming. The coffee is delish, and this morning I tried a breakfast sandwich, which is ridiculously tasty. I can't wait to try more of the food!
Its really open and bright in here, and when I do have to take a call for work I step outside where they have a few tables set up. I wish them lots of success!Delicious espresso/coffee drinks! Great property. Plenty of space and light. Can't wait to try the breakfast items!Cherry Espresso Bar is a beautiful space to eat, have a coffee, or work. 
Location/Atmosphere: 5/5--Located on a cute street corner of Laurel and Upperline, the venue is gorgeous, inside and out. High ceilings, exposed brick, chandeliers, giant windows, chalkboards, etc. Very hipster-chic. They have wifi, and the tables looked really lovely for a spot to work on a lazy afternoon. Also, they seem to take recycling and composting seriously here, which is a nice touch. 
Service: 5/5. The baristas were really nice and made conversation with me while I was waiting for my drink. They seemed to know many of the cafe patrons as well. 
Drink: 4/5. My iced chai was very good. I wish they had a larger selection of teas and other coffee-type drinks other than espresso variations. 
Overall: Cherry Espresso Bar is a great addition to this neighborhood!Love this adorable little place, and they take coffee so seriously it's kind of intimidating. Had the quinoa bowl for lunch today. It was a bit smaller than I expected at $8 or $9, but soooo tasty (and tbh, I did not NEED more. I just wanted it). Hip music, nice light...the owner is a delight too!This place makes me want to put on a pair of oversized hipster glasses and take lots of photos with sepia filters to post on instagram. And I mean that in a complimentary way!!! Theres just something about the vibe of Cherry - the minimalist decor, exposed brick, huge arching windows --- that makes me feel like I should be sitting in here writing the next great american novel. Or, at the very least, doing something more meaningful than just aimlessly browsing reddit. 
I love the amount of light this space gets, I love the outdoor seating, i love the funky sculpture/light fixture suspended from the ceiling. Theres lots of tables, a great little fresh-from-the-kitchen menu, and of course, free speedy wifi. Seriously, what more do you need on a steamy NOLA morning?? Oh, they also seem to take their composting/recycling pretty seriously. Points for them!!! 
The coffee is strong and tasty. Not cheap, but for a once a week splurge, I can deal. The menu is great; a mix of fresh and healthy items and more indulgent savory options. I had a yogurt parfait and savored every bite. An order of breakfast tacos came out as I was ordering and dang they looked delish too. They also carry stein's bagels! 
An upgrade to their "baked goods" case would be my only tiny-and-not-very-essential suggestion. The small, dark case in the corner didn't do a great job of displaying the baked good options. Just my two cents! 
Cherry is a great little addition to the neighborhood!!!Fantastic staff and delicious iced pour over!! I will be back here. Also, pro tip: The yellow wall outside is a great backdrop for a pretty gram ;)Best lattes in the bordeaux tchop hood. Great ambiance. The froth on the espresso pours are phenomenal. Great service wonderful atmosphere for studying as well.I visited Cherry Espresso Bar to study for a few hours and thoroughly enjoyed my experience. Every aspect met my sometimes impossibly high standards for coffee shops: friendly staff, good coffee, reliable wifi, clean bathrooms, plenty of parking throughout the residential area, and no unbearably loud music! 
I look forward to becoming a regular here!Parking on a saturday morning was no trouble; no meters, ample space on the street corner. Their chicken Parmesan is delicious and the parfait is even more so. Be careful of your coffee order, they have some mighty brew  (baseball field/Park just across the street)Great service, with possibly the best coffee in Nola! Good atmosphere in a great neighborhoodSweet neighborhood coffee spot with delicious coffee and great ambiance.  The baristas are always super friendly and the place is usually packed with locals chatting away or working at the tables.Very good latte decorated with some coffee art! Always fun! Service was great and the food (which we didn't even know they had upon arriving) was incredible. The sweet French toast was perfection. It wasn't too heavy like some can be. It came with the right amount of fruit and everything. This is a great neighborhood spot and I would really like this place to stay for a long time!I had the lox bagel and a Guatemalan pour over from RoseLine coffee. So good! A fun shop with great food and coffee.My favorite coffee shop. Best staff. Best coffee and espressos in town. Also the most beautiful space.Fantastic coffee and some delicious breakfast items. Great place to work, chat with friends or grab and go.Great place. Kind of weird location but a great vibe when you get in. Baristas were friendly and it has a nice ambience. I got the Cafe Au Lait. Has a nice modern feel to it and an outside space to do some work. Great working environment.Perfect pourover that really enables you to taste all of the wonderful flavors of their specialty coffees. And delicious breakfast sandwich, too. I really also like how they have vegan options and substitutions listed on their menu.Food is simple and delicious. Bake goods done in house and great coffee as expected. Staff is super friendly as well. The whole place is nestled into a quiet little part of town. Try it and be impressed!Cherry coffee's new space on laurel street is absolutely beautiful. It has a great neighborhood feel. Lauren, the owner of cherry coffee, has so much passion and love for coffee. I have tried espresso all over the city but I cherry coffee has the best! Everyone must try a shot of their espresso. So utterly delicious.Such an awesome spot in town. This is my second visit to the very cool coffee shop. I had a pour over prepared by the owner. How's that for service. Lauren did it right. If you are a looking for a shop that is in the know of how to do expressions right then visit this old fire station.Great place to sit and chat, study/work, relax. Beautiful wood counters and large interior space with lots of natural lighting. Friendly baristas, make great espresso drinks or chemex drips. They also serve some great baked goods (chocolate chip cookie is great). All in all there is a great calming atmosphere inside, maybe because its a little more off the busier streets or its just too new?Cute place. Cherry was very helpful and patient explaining all the different coffees and I liked the one she recommended. Lemon yogurt cake also good. Moist and not overly rich or sweet.A local gem. If you love coffee this is the place for you. The owner, Lauren,  cares about her product and crafts every drink with the utmost attention and pride. Weather you're exploring new caffeinated horizons or ordering "the usual", the folks at Cherry will help you find your flavor and prepare it with care. And as if the coffee isn't enough reason to check out Cherry, they serve delicious food created with the same love and attention. The thing that sticks out the most to me about Cherry (apart from the delicious taste of course) is the pride they display at providing you with food and drink of superior quality.I came to Cherry Espresso because it is my sister's neighborhood coffee shop. It definitely is convenient and easy; there wasn't much of a crowd when we dropped in mid-day, so we did not have to wait for long. I loved the windows and natural lighting that they provided to the place. We were just dropping in but several other patrons were using the indoor seating to do work on laptops in the calm, laid-back setting. 
My double vanilla latte was satisfying and well frothed, but I had a hard time picking up on the syrup flavor. Of course this fact may be a one-time only issue or weak tastebuds! Nevertheless, the espresso was well done and flavorful in and of itself.Love this place. I love the ambience. I love the owner, the staff, the service and the menu selections. What else is there to love ? Five stars.Cute little place across the street from Wisner park. Knowledgeable baristas that can tell you anything you want to know about their coffee beans. Also have great food with vegetarian options.What's so wonderful about this place? Damn near everything! Love how airy and bright the space is, the artwork and hanging sculptures. The coffee I fell in love with at your original counter inside Stein's Deli in real mugs. Space to work and meet friends. Indoor and courtyard enjoyment. Staff that's pleasant yet no-nonsense. 
The beakfast sandwiches.Well I'd say their dirty chai is delicious but expensive, $7?! Wow that's high. Great atmosphere popular place it seems lots of people but could use more sitting choices.  More outside seating would be great too. Still came for the coffee and that's great and the service is friendly. Reward system always great tooCherry Espresso Bar has rapidly become my favorite place to grab a latte or pour over from.  They simply have the best coffee beans, especially espresso beans, in the city besides Stumptown.  The location is ideal for anyone who lives in Uptown like myself.  Right next the Weisner park, so I can grab a soy latte and then take my dogs to the dog park across the street.  They have quite a number of tables both indoors and outdoors to sit and relax or work at, but make sure you charge your electronics before you come because tables with access to plugs are a bit limited.
There are three ladies who do the majority of the coffee and tea drinks and they are all phenomenal.  They'll remake anything that you want if it's not quite right, but I've never had a case where I got a drink and didn't love it.
They offer breakfast in the morning; which I frequent on Saturday mornings.  I highly recommend the French Toast! If you're not in the mood for anything too sweet the breakfast tacos are very good as well.
In addition to all that is offered to enjoy at Cherry they have a very good selection of roasted coffee do you take come and brew yourself.  If you're like me and don't have a coffee grinder like me they'll grind the beans for you.
The only problem is that they due close a bit early.  I wish that they were somewhere I could go after dinner to grab a cup of coffee and work or study, but this isn't the place for that.Awesome food. Impeccable coffee selection. Cheerful and knowledgeable staff. Convenient location. Great laid back attitude.It is very hard to find a real flat white outside of Australia and yours is spot on!   Amazing breakfast - we had the French toast and big breakfast (eggs, smoky bacon, yummy toast with jam).Friendly service, great coffee. Atmosphere is now really warm and nice. It's a great little place to grab a coffee and meet a friend outside in the courtyard. Not tons of seating space, but I haven't found it to be an issue because it's not on a busy street - seems like mostly locals. I tried the blondie and liked it, espresso was one of the best I've had in New Orleans, and the iced coffee is on point.One of the best coffeeshops in NOLA. The space is bright and has plenty of seating, the coffee is top-notch, and the food is great too. I recently tried the breakfast plate with eggs, bacon, potatoes, and bread w/ a really good jam.
The new location down Magazine is also really great---it just opened about a week or so ago. It's definitely a lot smaller than the one on Laurel, but the space is really cool with a bar to sit at and drink your coffee, and also a nice red velvet couch in the other room. Will definitely be coming back for many iced lattes.Beautiful space with lots of natural light and tables, even better coffee (RoseLine Coffee out of Portland). Let Lauren make you a lovely pour over or cortado, filled with love and deliciousness. Internet is a GO. There are pastries available made by Carrie Laird, pastry chef at Lilette; they will be offering healthy breakfast and lunch options soon! Go, you won't regret it.Nice cappuccino! 
Wish they had a few more items to choose from during breakfast. 
Service was a little slow, but the staff was nice and the coffee was great.Great place for when you need time to think and reflect. I feel inspired when I'm leaving. Some kind of way they've managed to be busy and quiet at the same time. When God had coffee shops in mind this is what He was thinking. Mucho Gusto Cherry.Relaxing spot for a morning cuppa that also has ample space if you wanted to stay and do a little work or catch up with a friend. My girlfriend and I stopped here while visiting NOLA and it was a great start to our morning. The staff were friendly and coffee, chai, and pastries were delicious.Great coffee with excellent attention and care given to each drink. Atmosphere is hip, clean, modern, and welcoming.When I say *stunning*, I mean it.
First, the space: it's a refurbished firehouse built in 1910 - streaming light, exposed brick, and gorgeous modernist woodwork by magnolia builders.
Now, THE COFFEE: best in the region, hands down. like, best coffee between Atlanta and Austin. Maybe Miami has a competitor, but I'm not betting on it.  My credentials: lived in Oakland for six years - the original Blue Bottle kiosk was my daily commute coffee before they had any other locations.  When I lived in DC, my drinks were made by National Barista Competition champions. Like, first place friends - I know my espresso beverages.
The espresso changes everyday, from roasters like Roseline, Coava and PTs.  My usual beverage is a soy cappuccino, and the temp, milk texture and latte art is incredibly consistent.  I also love their signature beverage, they call it a "Stella" - like a shaken iced americano, served neat.
The Service: Small town charm, big city speed.  I love the owner, Lauren - she is a cheese head from Wisconsin who is so kind, remembers everything about everyone, and also knows her s***. 
The food: there are rumors of full lunch menu to come, but for now they have cute pastries, including awesome chocolate chip cookies that are apparently vegan!
In short, excellence.  If it's out of the way, the Magazine location in Stein's is also great for quality coffee, but more cramped and, err, social in terms of navigating the bagel crowd.You wake up from a killer dream and you're fiending for coffee. You've dreamt that your favorite coffee shop has moved from its tiny spot located within a deli into a gloriously large new space with tons of light, soaring ceilings and now even has a tempting menu, too! Wait... this is no dream. It has really happened!
Cherry Espresso Bar is in the heart of a residential neighborhood Uptown (so lucky you if you live nearby because you can literally do the walk of a zombie yet quickly get your fix), yet close enough to Tchoup so that if you're coming from Downtown like me, you can zoom zoom zoom over there and even find a place to park *and* a seat (wish those metal tables were for outside instead. They do the wobbles). 
The reality is, this is not my local coffee shop, but I won't hold that against them. Now I have an Uptown breakfast/lunch meeting spot where they even have a vegan BLT made with tempeh. I can't speak to their espresso drinks yet, but I had an iced coffee that wasn't my favorite (it's not their fault, I prefer a darker roast that tastes a little nutty, ie, French Truck). It's cool, though because note to self next time just get an iced espresso drink and all will be AOK.Cherry is a gem. The space is beautiful--a big, open room in a former fire house--the staff is knowledgeable and friendly, the coffee is consistently fantastic, and the vibe is delightfully unpretentious. This is a coffee shop in and of the neighborhood--the view out the front doors is of Wisner Playground, clapboard shotguns, and the big blue cranes of the Port of New Orleans looming up in the distance.
There's outdoor and indoor seating, and the place is flooded in natural light. 
What really deserves emphasis, though, is the drinks program. While this is a very "neighborhood" coffee shop, on any given morning half the clientele will be other coffee professionals. Espresso and Chemex pourovers are always on point, and there's consistently excellent autodrip coffee by the cup for those who just want a "regular coffee" to start their day. Roasters rotate, but Roseline and Ruby are the stalwarts.
If you're looking for a place that does fantastic coffee and has a great NOLA vibe, look no further.Great space, knowledgeable baristas, solid pastry offerings including gluten free options, ever evolving menu make this a favorite neighborhood spot to take a break, meet, or get some work done.  The rotating displays of local artists are also a plus.  I'd wear the t-shirt if they had one in my size.I like this place a lot, it's got a half-coffee shop, half-restaurant vibe, but leans more towards the coffee shop than the restaurant. The nice thing about this is that, in contrast to a lot of coffee shops that also have a full-service kitchen, you don't feel like you're being pressured to leave as soon as you get your coffee. There's a nice mix of people here on their computers studying and working, and people here eating brunch, breakfast or lunch. 
I got a single origin americano, which was delicious and not too acidic, and an Olive Oil Chocolate cookie to go with it. While it may sound a bit strange, the cookie was amazing. The olive oil gives it a rich, buttery flavor that contrasts the dark chocolate in the cookie really nicely. I'll definitely be back to Cherry, and it's pretty high on my list as one of the top coffee shops in New Orleans.So far I'm very impressed!  I live across the street and had been patiently awaiting the opening.  Coffee is great!  Small menu compared to some places but enough.  I was delighted to find they were serving food; breakfast and lunch! and so far I can attest the parfait, classic sandwich and frenchtoast are all stellar!   The service is great, they are the nicest people and will happily edit any of the items for those picky eaters aka my BF...
I really hope this place does well, they are still working out some new opening kinks but that is to be expected.  I have had a few work meetings here now and I really like the space, more so then Manhattan Jack (I hope this place makes MJ work on its service) as it's quieter and smaller.In town for a show at Tipitina's.  Found this place on Yelp.  Just an incredible atmosphere and food is perfection.  Highly recommend stacked bagel.  Lox is about as good as it gets.  Oatmeal is a beautiful experience.  Coffee is the best.I moved to New Orleans this year and Cherry has always been one of my favorite coffee shops! The cafe is beautiful, they rotate coffees from roasters around the US, and will be starting to roast their own coffee soon! If you want craft coffee, traditional, this is such a great place to go. Lauren is so sweet, and the staff is delightful. They also have great snacks, pastries and serve breakfast and lunch.  I work in coffee, and love talking to my coffee loving customers and telling them to check Cherry out.Everything you expect from a nice coffee shop. Art on the walls, free internet, lots of sockets along the side and plenty of seats usually. It's great this place isn't in a crowded area and never seems to get too busy. I can sit around all day and pretend that I have important things to do on my laptop. 
Only drawback is that it is slightly more expensive than our usual coffee places. With sandwiches around $11 when our other places usually around $8. The food isn't stand out either. It looks fancy but tastes just ok. Like if your hipster friend invites you over bc he discovered a new ingredient he wants to show up. Looks good and u eat it and you're like hmmm needs some refinement. 
Definitely a good place to study or write your next hit screenplay.Beautiful new location on Magazine Street.  Really coffee and snacks. (Macaroons are divine!)  Food is pricey, in line with other coffeehouses.  Would be nice to have more desk-type tables near outlets, but I guess they want a balance between people working and people drinking coffee with friends or simply reading a book?  Fair enough. The only downside is the lack of a working lock on the bathroom.  (They have a sign telling people to knock, but not everyone reads it...)Beautiful, peaceful place to get a fantastic coffee. The little covered patio in the morning is incredibly relaxing.  My new favorite coffee spot.It's a very cute and trendy spot, but their table space is prohibiting. There are tons of people working on their laptops so a table is hard to come by if you're there for brunch or a meal. The stuffed beignets are VERY good. The brunch entrees are okay, but nothing special.New favorite coffee spot. The inside is so cool and there's great space for reading, studying or just a quiet breakfast. Speaking of breakfast the food is phenomenal! I got the Devil's Mattress(what a name) and I basically wanted to lick the plate! Iced coffee was great and the staff is very friendly. No big lines during the week that I've witnessed and everything is very instagramable. I will be back!Really cute place!! Would deff go back! However the WiFi is spotty and I would not recommend the bagel and lox-- bagel is v v dense & lox was slimy. If you're used to an east coast bagel I wouldn't try it. However, great coffee and v friendly staff. I will deff be back to try other items!Great cappuccino! This coffee shop has a good vibe for studying or catching up with friends. Beautiful minimalist decor. The outdoor patio is shaded for days when the weather is cool.I recently visited this place after reading a few reviews on Yelp. I walked in and I must admit that I did love the huge windows and industrial look. The seating is quite limited and we had to wait to actually find a table. We realised that there are no waiters/ servers and that you need to put your order in by the cashier.( why the tip then?). We ordering 2 cappuccinos, a salmon bagel and a veggie bagel. The cappuccinos tasted good but it was cold. The food came out quite quickly which we had to pick up by the cashier ( because there are no waiters). The Salmon Bagel was nice and they were very generous with the salmon. The veggie bagel was nice too. Fresh ingredients which are always a winner.Why the 2 stars? Because I have experienced better! There was nothing there that made me want to go back. I also felt that the ladies that worked in the front were not very friendly and they were more focused on chatting to each other than actually helping. Maybe someone else would have a better experience there , but I didn't!There's no better coffee in town. You have the convivial Lauren Fink who is a master roaster and deeply passionate about delivering the most stellar coffee drinking experience possible. Beverage quality is simply the best in the city. Love the vibe, love all the drinks and snacksI would bring my wife here, but I want to keep at least one place I go to sterile and wife free. This place is the bomb. THEY HAVE WIFI. THEY HAVE COFFEE/ESPRESSO. THEY HAVE REGULAR SIGHTINGS OF WILD JOSH WEXLERS WITHOUT A SAFARI GUIDE OR PLEXIGLASS TO PROTECT YOU. What more do you want? If that's not enough, go to Starbucks and get aids with the rest of the mouth breathers. See if I care. If you go here and don't get the iced americano, don't try and be my friend irl.Been here a couple of times, and won't go back. It's so convenient to the kids playground, but the staff isn't very friendly, the food isn't very good (actually terrible), and it's overpriced.I wasn't very impressed with this place. Very disappointed to be quite frank. Was it my bad to come in on a Monday morning looking for pastries and breakfast items? At a coffee shop? My mistake clearly.
Don't get the me wrong, the place is very cool, straight hipster vibe, but still very cool digs. Light fixtures, tables, chairs, couch, all worth admiring the time that was taken to choose each piece. 
We came for breakfast items, we'd had a long weekend of partying, eating, walking, and yes, drinking, but it was time to break that fast and I came to gather nourishment for the girls back at the airbnb. Probably stay and have an espresso while I waited.
Well that wasn't happening. I walked up to the cashier to browse the pastries, there were none, just some brownies. Not quite breakfast material. When I asked the cashier if they had any other options she seemed to be quite bugged by my inquiry. Not only that, she also informed me that it was the norm to find most places not open on Mondays, so that's why they didn't have any pastries. After a short deliberation with my friend on what we should do, she offered that they had bagels. We decided we should do that and bring some back. We ordered four bagels with cream cheese. She offered regular and green onion cream cheese as well as toasting them. We decided to just do half all they way down. Two plain bagel, two sesame bagels, two sides of regular cream cheese and and two sides of the onion cream cheese. We asked to have two toasted and the other two not. Seems simple enough? She had a trouble getting our order figured out, and then she charged us $14! Ouch! 
I'm pretty sure the bagels were not made in house, and even so, for four bagels and some small sides of cream cheese that's $3.50 per bagel. It was a bit much if you ask me. Too bad I didn't have a good experience, I bookmarked them because of the proximity to our airbnb and the good reviews I read. Oh well.This is my favorite coffee house in New Orleans. The coffee is outstanding, and their breakfast is delicious. It has a small, funky atmosphere. Love, love, love this place!REAL MILK!
SPLENDA!
Cherry Coffee is a refreshing example of the new post movie-industry normalcy: it's not located in the LGD or Bywater and it offers good ol' American sweeteners and creamers (the ridiculous "Church Alley" only has soy or honey; bourgie "Revelator" only simple syrup). 
LAUREN!
Probably the friendliest most genuinely attentive hands-on owner I've met in a while (she's up there with Neil McClure and even Ti Brennan).
BUT THE $MALLISH $AMMIES ARE $TEEP & $IDELESS!
$3.50 for a tasty iced coffee is at market, but the salads with a meat are all $13 or more and the somewhat smallish sandwiches are $9 - $12 and they aren't even served with a side! The $12 pork belly sandwich was delicious but only about 10 bites of food. At "Martin's" the same $12 will buy you a big cheeseburger with fries; or at "Fresh Market" a made-to-order two-mealer chicken brie and fig panini and a pound of smoked mozarella pasta; or for less, a huge Reuben with outstanding house made dressing and a cup of soup at "The Standard" is just $10.