Went to see Anders Osborne play here & it was a highlight of my trip to NOLA.  Streetcar went straight down to Bourbon after the show but I wish I'd stayed longer! Food smelled awesome, drinks were very reasonably priced  & the crowd was mellow.This place is pretty lame. Band was average. Cover was too high ($10) and the owner or whoever was running the show was kind of a dick and the food out of the accompanying bbq joint was pretty shitty. The owner or manager is currently being an asshole to another member of my party as we try to leave.Great music nice people F*ing great barbecue attentive bartender had a great time. Good wine, reasonable prices. Wish they had secure parking. That seems to be the only downside. No rent a cop and the area is a little scary. But I will return.No, just no no no on BBQ anything at this place. Save your time and money. Gross. I imagine this is what a McRib tastes like.With my recent trip to NOLA and the non stop quest to see live music for 6 nights in a row, Chickie Wah Wah was a welcome sweet spot for a laid back evening. The cover was $8, the crowd was little older, but we were lucky to experience a piano professor who stepped in and played an insane piano number. Kudos for a great bar selection, a fabulous bartender who was super nice to share his thoughts about the sake, yes, they have sake!, the cleanest bathroom I have seen for ages and wonderfully delicious tacos, plus add in no smoke and that tingly feeling you get knowing that they have been featured on Treme, well, maybe that was the sake. Definitely a must and will be back next time around.Awesome joint... music and style is worth the cover alone. Previous reviews complaining about cover charges think musicians magically make money when they play. That's right...the covers go to the musicians. Stop being a cheap skate!! This place is a must stop for locals and tourists alike!!Great venue for intimate performances of some of the best musical talent New Orleans has to offer! This funky space boasts a bar on one side and their in-house bar food partner, Blue Oak BBQ on the other. Lots of hi-boy table seating and a stage that offers wrap around viewing! There is a covered patio adjacent to the space for smoking and generally the cover for shows is under $10. 
Bar prices tend to be on the higher side than most Midcity watering holes, so prepare for that so you don't experience sticker shock closing your tab.The ribs here are the best that I have had here and this is compared to excellent barbecue in Chicago and Boston (Red Bones, I'm looking at you) the meat just falls off the bone. The shrimp tacos are also amazing. They have good beer specials; a $2 Dixie beer happy hour? Yes please! 
They also have live music that we heard was great.while searching for new places to hang, I finally got myself to chickie.  very impressive.  NO SMOKING is the first plus for me.  CLEAN and nice smelling, AND a wonderful decor thats very very new orleans.  I love all the statues of mary, buddha, jesus, and beyond, the religious gumbo upon which new orleans prides itself.  The stage with the terrebonne parish church, and the lovely red curtains, and tables and chairs.
the music du jour of the evening was Grayson Capps, and he didn't disappoint either.  Very intimate, and lovely.  very grown up, and his audience worshiped him.  just intimate and lovely would be the two words I would sum this up.
taceaux loceaux?  superbly done.  I didn't know what to order, so I asked the chef what his favorite was, and I had the tex mex.  YUMMY, I could live on those pickled radishes and carrots.  more please.  My girlfriend got the kermit bbq, and that was delicious as well.   then, a surprize of churros came to my table, and I munched down on these light little surprizes.  
at the end of the evening, we hung out a bit, and chatted it up with the regulars.   I want to be in that number.If you judge this "music venue" by the bathrooms, music, and food--it is as clean as a whistle!  (It is NOT a restaurant!) I gave this place 5 stars because  1) the doorman accommodates you in any way, shape, or form. 2) the bar is long and can adequately serve lots of patrons simultaneously! , like 50+ easily (3) the music is very unique -- (like a zydeco style "buffalo soldier" rendition), and if there is a cover 100% of the money goes directly to the musicians 4) there is a BBQ place inside ON-SITE called blue oak BBQ.  
We had all these double and triple meat BBQ platters, but the ultimate was the "BBQ shrimp taco on a corn tortilla with shreds of pulled pork".   It was MY idea to get the $8 "appetizer", while my wife looked at me like I had just been left released from the mental institution.  I think I went to go wash my hands, as the two appetizers sat in the plate untouched being that my wife gave me a clear "you're going to eat that AND a BBQ platter!!!" Look, I just got back to eat that appetizer. When my wife exclaimed "that was really good". We should have just gotten 10 taco appetizers.  As the bbq portions were kinda small, and even though the BBQ was good, it was frequently cooked (down) with bel-peppers, onions, and tobacco.  Which made much of it as spicy. And reason/star #5) there is an outdoor attached hall with patio chairs, and music piped in through a set of Bose weatherproof speakers, so you don't skip a beat and smoke a cigarette and have some nice conversation.  The cool part is you don't really have the wind blowing inside every few minutes.
Bring you friends here from out-of-town and 
(use the streetcar for nostalgia and lack of DUI's), I promise you won't be disappointed.  You'll be the insider of ALL New Orleans...
Go ahead and be the celebrity host ambassador for the night.  You won't regret it!!!One of my favorite music venues in a town filled with awesome music venues.  The musicians with regular gigs (Jon Cleary, Paul Sanchez, Tom McDermott & Meschiya Lake, Gal Holiday and on and on) could -- and do -- play bigger joints, but they keep returning here for the warmth and respect and fair treatment they find here.  Oh, and the tiny kitchen punches out masses of amazing barbecue.  So if you like pulled pork and contented musical wizards, why wouldn't you find your way to Chickie Wah Wah?Our group from Seattle caught a Tuesday night show following Jazzfest.  This place just happened to be blocks from where we were staying.  When everyone should have been exhausted, I was blessed with a wonderful, intimate experience listening to Cornell Williams, Jeffery Alexander, and Big D Perkins, among others, playing and singing their NOLA hearts out.  I had been dreaming of coming to NOLA since I was 11 years old, and I finally got here! This is exactly what I was searching for. Thanks to the band and this big, beautiful city, the trip did not disappoint!  AND they had a dark beer on tap!  Loved it!Jon Cleary plays regularly on Tuesday nights here and while my friends had been seeing him perform for several years here while I'd seen him perform at another club, this was the first time I'd seen him perform at Chickie Wah Wah. Cleary is a blues piano player who not only plays solo piano but solo guitar as well and when playing piano, his performances are a musical journey of New Orleans piano music, often playing it like a percussion instrument much like Professor Longhair. Cleary has toured as a sideman for acts like Bonnie Raitt and Dr. John so when he is in town, he's well worth checking out.
Chickie Wah Wah has a stage where a pianist would have their back or side to the audience but Cleary made it work. The decor inside is New Orleans funky, a mixture of signage rescued from old businesses and contemporary painted message signs I've seen in other New Orleans businesses. There appears to be some decent food coming out of the kitchen that I will have to return to try out the next time I catch some music there. Oh I do so hope the Yelp poster writing about the BBQ really meant that it had Tabasco and not tobacco in it.Nice venue, cold drinks, good beer selection.  The place is clean and inviting.  It is a great place to have a few drinks and see some good live music.  
I was a disappointed in the "sammiches" however.  The menu had me very excited to try this place but the execution was just not there.  I got the Korean BBQ poboy but what I got was precut frozen chicken grilled with a spicy coleslaw on the sandwich.  I've had Korean BBQ many times and this tasted nothing like it.  My girlfriend got the Duck Confit poboy.  Again, the execution was not there.  What we got was a soggy sandwich with flavorless duck meat on it.  My friend got the Ossobucco poboy and again, it fell short.  
If you are going to name your sandwiches in this manner, you are going to raise expectations of that food and you had better be able to execute what you are claiming.  Had the chicken sandwich been named "Spicy Chicken Sandwich", I would have had no complaints and would have reviewed it as a decent poboy.  
I like this place and would go back for drinks and music but I'll eat before I go next time.I don't usually care for wings but I ate 2 dozen here.
I don't usually eat much at once, but after eating 2 dozen wings I gorged on Mac and cheese with garlic, roasted Brussels sprouts and a platter of brisket topped nachos.
All I while listening to incredible live music. The people that go there seem to be really laid back and friendly. The cook came out and checked to see if everyone was happy table by table. After realizing everyone was, he looked genuinely happy. 
I'm so happy we made it to Chickie Wah Wah before leaving New Orleans.
184 more days until we can go back!!!New. Favorite. Bar. For seriously. 
They're nonsmoking. They have sugar free RedBull. They're in my 'hood. (More or less.) They take credit cards. They give your credit card back right after you open a tab. They've got great food. They're a music venue, so there's music all the time. 
Why haven't I spent more time here? That's certainly going to change. Can't wait to go back!Awesome place a must while in NOLA! Great music early and late shows with amazing musicians.  Tuesday nights featuring Jon Cleary ---- AWAZING!  BBQ in the joint is good and folks are really nice.  Reasonable beverages and easy to get to right on Canal.What a great place. 
Let's put it succinctly: awesome bands, very clean, friendly and attentive bartenders (hard to find in NOLA sometimes), oh and NON SMOKING!! 
Acoustics are great, plenty of seating and small enough where most get a good view and everyone gets great music. 
Sammich shop in the bar is also a bonus delight - review for that forthcoming.Great place for drinks food and live music. It really was a great time for our first trip to NOLAOh my gosh! Tuesday night with Jon Cleary is outstanding entertainment ....great small venue and Jon is a true artist with magical fingers!Some real jack-hole, presumable the owner/manager insulted us because we didn't know the band playing and went outside to listen to them on You Tube. We ended up thinking they sounded cool, but will head to the Blue Nile to see them where we won't be treated like crap. 
Note to said asshat: when someone wants to google an unknown band before dropping a cover, it's bad business to insult them before they even set foot in the door. Take my money, then treat me like an ass.Went to New Orleans for the first time, and found myself in Chickie Wah Wah's one night.  So glad I saw it from the cable car and decided to stop.  The food was great, the atmosphere was chill and easy going, and the live band was AMAZING!  If I am ever to visit New Orleans again, I would definitely seek this place out again.I have never been to a bar that didn't allow talking or met an owner as condescending but now I have. Don't spend your money or time here when there are so many other great places in nola.Standing room only for Anders Osbourne and a $25.00 cover......a bit steep in a town chock full of music. Lively crowd and happening bar. Sound system was quite good which was a scene saver since you could not get within sight or ear shot of the stage.I love this place! I finally got to go here while the night was young. I was able to pay attention to my surroundings since I hadn't been drinking before I got there. I sampled some of the delicious food, the Cuban sandwich and the amazing duck fat fried potatoes with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. The dipping mayo based condiment on the side was integral to these amazing potatoes, as we're the banana peppers on the Cuban. Both great. My drinks of knob creek and water were $7 which isn't to bad, and they were nice and strong. The bathrooms were amazingly clean. Had a great experience!We love this place! Great place for live music in New Orleans! The food is amazing as well - the wings are off the chain!This is a pretty nifty bar for watching live music and they also have a kitchen putting out some decent food.  The people that run the place all seem very nice and they want to run a quality place and seem to constantly work on improving it.  I'm really happy that this is a non-smoking venue so I can actually breath oxygen instead of poison and even smell something other than smoke.  The main problem here is that parking is a bit tight in the area and Mid-City tow trucks are always on the prowl these days.  They have a very long bar but when it gets crowded they seem to need more bartenders to cover the area so it sometimes can take a bit longer than I like to get a drink but usually they do a good job.  They have a really cool small courtyard area that is "hidden" away that you might miss if you don't know to look for it.  They often get bands and music that you won't see elsewhere in the area.  This place is always a great place to check out as they always seem to have something interesting going on.Nola Cochon King took over the kitchen, awesome food!! The rack of  baby back ribs are  the best I ever ever had! Mac and cheese to die for!!This club is the golden standard for live music venues in New Orleans. The atmosphere is laid back, the drink prices are fair, and the service is great. There is also a pop-up BBQ kitchen which I hear is delicious. My personal favorite is Jon Cleary on Tuesdays.Unfortunately, its all true, the owner manager is a moron. I was there the other night for the first and last time. I wont get into it, but mental illness is a terrible thing. The guys at the BBQ window are friendly, and it is good, so dont mix up the two...they are separate from the feces that owns the bar. I will go elsewhere for live music.What a great venue.  Loved it.  Really glad we decided to take a cab up Canal to check out a show here.  If you get there early you can grab some food at the taqueria, in-house, and get a good seat.  There's probably 30-40 high tops with bar stools and room for another 100-150 standing in the main room.  I saw another side but never went through the door to check it out.  The bartenders were friendly and they had a good selection of beer with about five or six on draught.  Hope to catch another show here when I'm in town.Best club in NOLA. Music acts are varied and all solid depending on your taste. A listening club with a very small dance area- unless it's really, really a listening night and  Dale pulls out the benches and places them in front of the stage ( I wish he wouldn't do that--- but then it's his club, so...).  Oh, and this place has the cleanest bathrooms in the entire city.  And good food too! What's not to like?That Yelp would select this place to host its Yelp Elite holiday party pretty much says it all. This is a neat little space with a full stocked bar and a stage area for live music. There is an adjacent lounge that is pretty nice too. Plenty of tables to sit at.
When I was there the flat screens above the bar were running a video of books about bears being burned slowly in a fireplace. 
The thing I particularly liked about this place was the noise level. You can hear yourself have a conversation here. No background music or distracting noise to drown out your thoughts. But the night I was here the place was rented out for a private function, so I can't speak to how this place is on a normal night.We are in our 60's and wanted something outside the French Quarter but earlier than Frenchman street places tend to be. We just hopped the Canal Street streetcar and rumbled up to Chickie's, a little building surrounded by no other restaurants or bars, just law offices, schools, and the like. August is pretty darn quiet at Chickie's in August at 6:30 pm, but we were greeted warmly, chose our brews, and settled in to chat with the folks at the bar while a fine folk singer played and sang for us. No cover until the second band at 9:00 pm, and then it was just $10. There is no food here at present, but the kitchen reopens in a month...so we asked and were directed to Mandina's just up Canal. Great recommendation! After a light dinner there we returned for more music. Loved this place.Great, classic mid town venue  - the fantastic Jon Cleary on Tuedays - with fantastic barbecue from Blue Smoke - you have to try the ribs! amazing.  Tom the bartender is great to talk to and hang out with as well.  Recommended!Excellent neighborhood music club. They book terrific bands and performers - always worth checking out, if you're not from here or too familiar. Great management. Thanks for the funky little bright spot you make on this stretch of Canal St in mid-city. I'm going tonight to see Mia Borders. 
A warning to the wise though: do not park in the parking lot next door. Your car will be towed before you order your first beer, and it'll cost you $187 cash, not to mention a scary walk to the tow lot just 9 blocks away. Yes, I missed seeing that tiny little sign in the dark corner of the lot saying no unauthorized parking. The owner was great in his outrage and sympathy. He even bought me a beer. Thanks!New cooks in the kitchen!
I've been going to Chickie Wah Wah's for a few years for the live music, great drinks and beer and good food.  It's smoke free and has the cleanest restrooms I've ever seen in a bar.  Now the menu has been expanded by the new cooks and I think I may have had the best pizza I've ever had in this town.  My wife had the "Garage" chicken sandwich. It was served on homemade bread and was delicious.
A few weeks ago we went to see Deacon John. The sound was perfect and the Deacon always puts on a good show.  For a more laid back experience, check out Paul Sanchez on Fridays.Stopped in here twice because it was walking distance from our hostel.
The first time was great. The staff was friendly, beer was good, and we ordered some appetizers that we had never tried before. The duck fat fries are amazing.
The second time was a little surprising. It was early on a Monday night and they told us there was a $5 cover because there was a band playing (there was a singer there the Friday we were there a few days earlier but no cover then). They also told us the kitchen was closed. We came hungry so we left and went to find food somewhere else.Returning to New Orleans after many years away (sorry, doll!) - I had heard Chickie Wah Wah mentioned many times on the WWOZ calendar and thought it was a great name, with lots of great acts.  The evening we arrived, I dragged my friend (not entirely unwillingly after two large drinks at Deanie's in the Quarter) up to see The Iguanas at Chickie Wah Wah.
At first we thought we were at the wrong place - it didn't seem very busy but the band took the stage and we were very happy to be there.  The Iguanas rocked the house and were joined by the subdudes frontman (even the drummer showed up to chit chat!).
The interior of this bar is incredibly well done - it's not over-the-top but it is clear that someone put a lot of thought into a tasteful, fun but still casual atmosphere (without turning it into TGI Friday's).  The bathrooms are awesome!  The acoustics are great, the selection of beer and the bar service are also great.  Plenty of little tables and you might even find a cute girl to dance with you if you give her a wink and a smile.... go check it out!Since my last review, I have come to realize that I take the quality of the sound system in this club for granted. It is always spot on regardless of the type of act on the stage that night.
The food changed again but every time it does, it gets better. I had a "Sammich" that had fried chicken, pulled pork and coleslaw on it!  Why didn't I think of that?  My sister let me taste her Cuban and it was great also. Cold Abita Amber on draft and you have a perfect night out.I enjoyed the atmosphere and awesome live jazz here. The venue has a couple shows per night. There was a $15 cover for the first show. Once that's done, you leave or pay for the next show. 
There is a good selection of drinks to choose from. They also offer some tacos, which are good! The other alternative is to purchase some sliders from the food truck just out front.
Overall, a great experience.One of my favorite spots to see music in New Orleans! SMOKE FREE!! Intimate cabaret seating and excellent sound. I can't really ask for more. PLUS, the best bathroom in New Orleans, hands down. Clean, clean, clean!
Oh and for those partaking in adult libations - they have plenty of the good stuff.Still one of my favorite music venues in NOLA, it does lose a little with the switch from Taceaux Loceaux to Garage Pizza but I do have to say that the pizza and calzones are extremely good although nothing can ever fully live up to the expectations from Taceaux Loceaux.  Still non-smoking and still a pretty good music lineup - New Years Eve with Jon Cleary's Philthy Phew was fun although I wasn't a fan of whoever removed all the seating, that alone would make me rethink attending other big events at Chickie Wah Wah if I have to stand for 4 hours straight.  For your standard shows however it's still one of the most intimate spaces around and draws a more mature crowd than many music venues around town.  Plus it's right on the Canal Street streetcar line for those who don't want to drive.This is a cool little place to see live music.  Some friends and I saw a band here a few weeks ago.
The stage area is small, but the sound quality is good, which can be tough in a smaller place.  I really like the atmosphere of the place and the way it's decorated with a "kitschy" New Orleans feel.
My only complaint is the bar.  It's a really long bar, the place gets packed, and there was only one bartender working on a Friday night.  It took forever to get served and the poor bartender looked super frazzled (and I couldn't blame him, at all.  He was just swamped with customers.).  My suggestion would be to add another bartender on Friday nights.  Maybe this was a rare night with only one server.
Anyway, I would definitely go back, especially since they have Taceaux Loceaux being served in the kitchen.SPRINGBREAK 2012 here I come!   This funky, cool, music spot is hip and unusual for being in mid city NOLA. Parking, like everywhere in NOLA, sux but this place is worth it.  ;-))Did I forget to mention the tacos?
I did? Good. Forget I said anything about the mouth watering, amazing little tacos that make you weep with joy...or that could just be the hot sauce.
But never mind...these are not the tacos you are looking for.Came for the music but was floored by the three meat platter. Sausage tasty, juicy and not too spicy, brisket melts in your mouth not too lean but not fatty and the pulled pork is soft warm and almost sweet. Wow. It's serve yourself and the staff is accommodating. And then there is the music....Just keep in mind, if you come on a music night and expect to get food from the attached Blue Oak BBQ, they're going to ask you 8 or 10 bucks just to sit down -- and they aren't going to ask nicely. That's on top of the price of your food and the price of your drinks, which you have to buy separately at the Blue Oak bar. When there are a dozen bars with live music along Frenchmen that don't ask a dime for cover, this is ridiculous. Chickie and Blue Oak need to come to some sort of an arrangement that people who buy food don't have to pay cover -- or they need to revise their expecations. This is freakin' Canal Street, and not even a nice part of it. Eight bucks is a fantasy. Get your bbq to go unless you're down for a ripoff.The food was absolutely delicious! We were visiting New Orleans on a trip and we actually found this place on yelp. We came in thinking it was a little restaurant, however it turned out to be a bar that served food on the side.  The problem with that was since we were expecting to dine in, the bar was wanting to charge us a $10 cover fee per person in order to stay on the place..which wasn't what we were expecting. The live music seemed good though, but we ended up getting our food to go to bring back to our hotel.  The Kitchen was out of their wings and ribs (which happened to be their top seller). But the brisket and pulled pork was still delicious. We wish we had ordered more because one order was definitely not enough to share. Be sure to try out all their BBQ sauces.Great music. Real nice, clean, safe physical plant. Great staff. Taceaux loceaux now in the kitchen. It's all good !lol.
Blue Oak: Yes, please.
CWW: No. Get over yourself, owner.I found this place on a google search while planning my 5 days in New Orleans and what a great find it was. 
I wanted to catch some live music in the afternoon before we took a break before dinner and Chickie Wah Wah did not disappoint. The performer that day was't really my style but extremely talented none the less. I had a gin martini and the bartend made it perfect. The drinks are cheap and the BBQ was hearty (I had to try some, even though I was headed to dinner in a bit). 
Our group really enjoyed this place, some of us smoked on the patio with their drinks while the live music was on speaker out there. Some of us sat at the bar and some of us sat at the stage and watch the live music. 
Stop in here if you are in the area!This is a great venue. I go a couple times a month because it is near my house. I love that music starts a little earlier than most places, like 7 or 8pm. Chickywahwah is non-smoking, which is lovely.
They added food by Taceaux Loceaux, which I am quickly becoming addicted to. I sometimes get tacos to go, which they are happy to do. You can even order at the front window. Beef Brisket is delicious. And I love food!I wish I hadnt eaten already.  My buddy got the burger and said it was great.  I just got a beer.  Super nice bar tender.  Music there every night.  I should go more often.The man working at the door was rude & the music wasn't something we were interested in & when we decided to leave, he picked a fight with our friend, accusing him of persuading us to leave & stealing his business , we already wanted to leave b4 our friend got there...  vry upsetting since I was there for maybe a total of 10 minutes and still payed 10$ to get in, and then have the guy at the front yell at our friend.I was back at Chickie Wah Wah this past Saturday because my friend F was raving about the pizza. I had been wanting to try this pizza spot since I found out that Taceaux Loceaux moved to a new location, so when the group decided to go for a drive and grab some pizza, I was excited.
We got there and I noticed that there was a cover charge for the bar. My friends just walked in right past the lady collecting the cover and I was one of the two in our group that heard her say, "$8 cover." Luckily for us, she asked if we were there for the music or just to grab some food. We told her we came for the food and she said nothing more. I appreciated this a lot, because she easily could've been like, well, you can't come in here if you're not going to pay the cover. Oh how I love nola and its wonderful, laid-back people.
Anyway, there were five of us, and we decided to order a GIANT "Hummer"-size pizza. We went with the Rolls Royce and it pleased every one of us. I had trouble picking up the slice because it was so big. Lol.
I would love to try the calzones!I stopped in for happy hour my first night in New Orleans. Was immediately welcomed by the bartender and the owner, who told me about Jon Cleary Tuesday nights and Meschiya Lake Wednesday nights. I stayed, I listened, and I got the best introduction to New Orleans music and hospitality I could have hoped for. 
Chickie wah wah does not look like much inside, but it's intimate, friendly, with personal service, great food from Blue Ribbon BBQ, and the best music acts you'll see in Mid-City. The music experience, IMO, is what makes Chickie Wah Wah special. The music is the focal point of the night, and the audience keeps things quiet so that you can really hear the musicians. 
If you want a great music experience with friendly personal service and great BBQ , check out Chickie Wah Wah.Went there for the first time last night and had a ball. This is the middle of Mardi Gras and I had NO PROBLEM finding a parking place. Luck could have been because no parade was scheduled to pass in front. Just a guess as I don't know the parade routes.
I found the menu and prices to be very fair and the food excellent. The interior of the business was VERY clean too,a big surprise for being a neighborhood bar.
Now don't laugh but what blew my mind was just how clean the rest room was. You know how they can be here in NOLA....you need a hazmat suit on.  Well not here, it was close to spotless and this was late at night so somebody is making sure it stays clean.
The cover charge ($7) for the two bands that we heard was fair...well worth it.
The band stand is raised just enough so that all can see the artists as they perform and the noise level for a live show was at an acceptable level.
The people that came in were friendly and had a good time.
I will return and can recommend you giving the place a try.Great place to see great talent and the and drinks aren't bad either. Great BBQ and sandwiches.The food here is fabulous, it is obvious the chief has worked in the top New Orleans restaurants.  
We love this place,
1/ Early shows of great music, serious venue.
2/ Well stocked bar
3/ Atmosphere is funky and all about NO
4 Staff are great
5/ Only one TV so to me this is a 'real bar' and not a TV/Video arcade.
6/ On the street car so handy for getting to and from the down town.
7/ Last but not least food is so so so good.This is my new favorite place for food, which they just added to the venue. I already enjoyed coming here for music. Jon Clearly is great on Monday nights. It's nice that the shows are a little earlier, and that there is no smoking.I very much enjoy coming to Chickie Wah Wah to catch shows.  They bring in an eclectic mix of bands and singers.  It reminds me of the Bradfordville Blues Club in Tallahassee, another excellent stop for local music and little-known touring groups.  While you're at CWW, be sure to check out Blue Oak BBQ, too.I have to wonder...Why do so many food places come and go through Chickie Wah Wah? 
I sometimes wonder if the way the owners run the business is with too much of an air of arrogance.  I know when my Girly and I had a bad experience there, the owners/business never said anything but the business in the kitchen stepped up quickly to make things right.
Why can no one seem to stay in your tiny little kitchen area? You NEED good food to keep going. It seems like new, and often good, businesses keep popping in and out like they were TV shows on FOX. 
You are no longer that huge minority of places where people can drink and watch live music without smokers f-ing it up with their stank...So it might be time to get your stuff together and find a great place to partner with. Balance is everything.
You seem to always be off balance.This is a great music venue and a good spot to just stop in for some drinks with friends.  It's an intimate spot for live music and you can really appreciate it in this setting. The patrons are nice as is the bartending staff.  Just be prepared to pay an entry fee at least when there is a band....they're worth it.The man working at the door was extremely rude to me and my friends. We were using the bar as a meeting place to see our friends and figure out where to go from there. Once our friends arrived we left he started cussing our friend out telling him to never step foot in the bar again and that he was stealing customers. Me and my friends are below 21 we paid the fee to enter the bar, we wouldn't be buying any drinks since we aren't of age so I don't see what he was nagging about. Overall horrible experience. Definitely not coming back to this bar again and never recommending it anyone visiting this beautiful city.Neat little bar.  Fair-priced drinks ($5 for Jack & Coke).  Good selection of liquor and beer.  
Food is awesome - bar fare with a twist!  I had this amazing pulled pork/ham/cheese panini-sandwich, and my friend had delicious pork nachos with home-made tortilla chips.  
The decor is neat - lots of fun found signs and stuff.  It's bigger than it looks, with a little stage and a decent sound system.
There is a little lot around back.  I think it's probably private during the day but we were able to park there at night.
No smoking inside, which is nice.Three months after my trip to New Orleans, I am still thinking about Chickie Wah Wah's pizza. I shared the crawfish pizza and the arugula salad. The arugula salad was well-seasoned and good. The crawfish pizza was delicious - the perfect blend of cheesiness, spices, with a robust but not too substantial crust. I've eaten my share of great pizza from New York and New Haven (Pepe's!) and this ranks right up there with the best. 
The only reason this is a four and not five star rating is because the night I went, the atmosphere left a lot to be desired. Empty except myself and my friend and the trio of performers onstage, though judging from the other reviews, must have just been an off night.My new favorite music venue in NOLA, not as high energy or steeped in tradition as most but focused on the music in a relaxed, comfortable, non-smoking setting.  The covers seem reasonable (I gladly paid $8 to see Jon Cleary), drink prices are decent, and you can get Taceaux Loceaux in-house.  Will certainly be back, definitely check out Jon Cleary on Mondays if you have a chance - good stuff.OH, Chickie Wah Wah!  First, let me just say that I am not a musical artist and I think it is important to listen to performers' experiences at show spaces so definitely read the reviews discussing the owner's attitude towards performers.  With that being said, this was some of the besssst food we had in New Orleans, and great service, too!
First, we got there and the owner was standing outside.  There was a $10 cover, and he told us to go in and see if we liked the music before paying the cover, because otherwise we could just sit outside and save ourselves the money.  He wasn't sure it would be our "scene," and he was right--the music was great, but a bit somber and low key for us, as we had just walked over there after pregaming a night out at India House.  So we decided to sit outside and he saved us the money.
The food was amazing.  You order at a little carry out station type thing, and then they bring it out to you when it's ready.  The cook, who was there both times we went, was super nice and the food was seriously to die for.  We had the spring rolls (SOOOOO GOOD), and the pulled pork platter.  I don't even like pork and almost never eat it but I was dying as soon as I bit into it, it was so good.  We got the pulled pork, garlic mac and cheese, and brussels sprouts.  They were all delicious.  It was so good we came back a few days later, ordered the same thing, and it was still that good.
Weirdly, while we were there the first time, some old men got into a fight inside and came out to have the dispute solved by the owner.  He handled it pretty well.
Chickie Wah Wah was probably the best food we had in NOLA.  Do not miss it!The definition of an intimate venue.  Great live music in a tiny bar with a very comfortable vibe.  It's located right off Canal, but street parking is still somehow available.
If the band gets a little loud for this spot, there's a cool little outside area with tables where you can rest your eardrums while hearing the music clearly, since they keep the door open.
I will be back.Omg do I love taceaux! With the Olive Street String Band playing like they're on fire, I got to try two varieties of their handheld lovin'. (Hmm, that sounded wrong somehow.)  The Carnital Knowledge is slow cooked pork with chipotle aioli on a corn tortilla dressed with cabbage, radish, and fresh cilantro that sets off the flavors.
The Messin' With Texas was the winner, though.  Brisket so tender and flavorful you know you'll be running to the counter for a second order.  I will be trying the fish next time it's on special.
They have a great beer selection and already had bottles of Abita Fall Fest on hand.  Good stuff on tap and they even had a huge thang of sangria.  I was lucky to share the place with some great folks, too!  This place could become my new taceaux dealer...Music? Check. Funky New Orleans decor? Check. Beer on tap? Check. Altar on stage? Check. This is such a cool bar and definitely feels like a spot where the locals actually go instead of the boozy madness of bourbon. 
When you walk in, you're greeting by a long wooden bar, dimly lit, really sexy. Belly up, grab a bevvie, start a tab and they give you your card right back which is a score for people who have an issue with leaving their cards.. like me. Stop in and settle in for some good music and strong drinks.Loved this venue.  Pretty small, really intimate, great sound for music.  We got in 1 hour before show time and were still able to get a table.  The space was *very* clean, the crowd was mixed and very chill.  Hats off to the bartenders who were able to keep the drinks flowing with a smile on their faces.  Blue oak barbecue was superb!  Overall, great place to sit back and relax on a Saturday night.  
1 star docked for seating being bizarrely placed and only non-backed bar stools.  Things get a little uncomfortable if you plan on parking it for a while.Saturday night, my best friend and I decided to check out the Madonna show. We both paid $15 each for entry. The first set was three songs from the Ray of Light album and let's just say she should stick to singing in the shower. The greatest tribute to Madge came one whole hour later. I totally enjoy Madonna older hits and the last set knocked it out the park!One of my favorite places to go when I visit NOLA. Great music in a relaxed atmosphere. If you are looking for a local feel without the crowds this is a great venue. Jon Cleary every Tuesday where can you beat that?This place is what New Orleans is all about - music! I love this place.  The location is convenient for cabbing or taking the streetcar. It's relatively plain on the outside but it's amazing inside!  You would not expect it. 
Right when we pulled in, the owner gave us some suggestions regarding parking.  He was actually the doorman and later we found out he helped with sound.  He indicated that he wanted to keep the costs low for the overhead so he could focus on bringing in quality music and ensure the cover was reasonable.  In the vein, we were witness to one of the BEST bands we had listened to all week that we were in town - and at a very low cover!!
We were NOT there for food. This isn't designed to be a restaurant, it's a music venue.  I didn't eat anything.  I did drink and the bartender was GREAT!  Super nice, quick service, and plenty of water on the counter for us to self-serve.  However, I am told that the food is very good :-)  
There was no smoking. Excellent for the musicians who can't afford to inhale second hand smoke while they are performing and even better for the audience who is free to dance along without getting burned.
The bathrooms and the space are all very nice. CLEAN!!  The chairs and tables are designed to be stacked away so that the space will hold more patrons for dancing and getting up close to the band. 
I can't wait to come back -- thank you for the BEST night of our trip!Kool place!  Try the ginger vokda that they make!I love Chickie Wah Wah for live music because it is such a small venue.  Jon Cleary (best pianist in the city of new orleans and he has a great voice) plays regular gigs here and that alone is a great draw.  The food isn't your standard bar fare.  I've had a duck confit po-boy (not as fabulous as I dreamed, but not bad either) and I've had a brisket platter (so much better than I ever hoped).  I'm not an adventerous drinker so I can only say they do a decent vodka and cranberry which doesn't really say much about the place.  
My only complaint is the seating.  The barstools have no backs.  If you are aiming to eat and drink and listen/enjoy music for a few hours the seating can be a little uncomfortable.Great place to catch a show during the week or the Saints game on Sunday. Non smoking and maybe cleanest bathrooms in the city, and I'm including hospitals. The food is also great and it is very easy to grab a bite and then watch the show or game. They have a very nice patio on the side with heaters in the winter. Every time I have been I have also had great bar service. No complaints!The bar tender was great but the owner/manager was unbelievably rude!  The owners of the BBQ who apparently rent space from this jerk were SO nice, so we stayed, but after being hostilely confronted by this guy I was ready to leave.  We went for the food and had no problem sitting outside, understanding it was a bar, but when we took our children in to use the restroom, we were accosted by this ranting and raving and telling us "this is a bar, not a restaurant!"  Then why do you take rent from the awesome BBQ guys who are in the business of selling food???  And p.s., it was 8 pm and the bar was EMPTY!  It's not like we were walking our kids through a rowdy bar! My only hope is that the BBQ finds another spot so we can go back and enjoy the amazing food again.