You gotta make a reservation, of not you'll wait an hour.  But the wait will be worth it.
Head to the bar and listen to the music.. it's a really small bar.
The bacon was amazing, crab soup was also good too.
Dinner, onion rings were really good along with the asperegis and steak fries.  However if you have 5 or less then don't order the table size as its just to much. 
Delmonico cajan spice is really good and had a much better flavor than the broil.   Minion was really good and is like the best of the three.
Service was a little slow at the beginning but mace up for it rather quickly. 
Don't expect to spend less than 50 per person.Locals, we visited Chophouse for my wife's birthday dinner on March 2.  To be honest, it wasn't our first choice - we'd never been and we were looking for a place that we had been to and knew we liked; but as there were several large events in town that weekend, reservations were hard to come by, so we chose this place, which we'd heard great things about and both wanted to try.  We weren't disappointed!  I appreciated the owner's back story, going to Tulane and deciding to try his hand at a New Orleans restaurant - takes guts for an outsider.  Also enjoyed the story of the son saying "one of us is going to run this business, the other is going to play golf" and the owner, tossing him the keys and saying I'll be on the range!  We started with appetizers, the shrimp remoulade and the colossal lump crab cocktail with remoulade sauce.  That in itself could be made a meal - delicious.  Crab is to die for.  Then we had our steaks - the wife had the 8oz filet mignon, which was prepared perfectly to her liking (that doesn't always happen, so it's good to acknowledge when it does), I had a rib-eye, perfect and flavorful.  We had sides as well, but memory fails me.  The dinner was exactly what we'd expect of a high end steakhouse.  And I also like the fact the even though the company isn't "local" they have local ties and they aren't a chain of steakhouses, per se.  They have many restaurants but with lots of different themes and menus.  
Side note to add - as we dined there was an older gentleman across the way from our table who apparently had a fainting spell.  I found it really interesting and settling the way the incident was handled; efficiently, quietly.  The place is small, so discretely was out of the question but I don't think such an event could have been handled better.  And of course in this place there was a medical professional dining, so that aided the ease of handling the situation.  
All in all a great experience, and a place I will consistently suggest to friends and tourists I encounter - I work in the French Quarter and often people are looking for suggestions of where to dine. This is not a French Quarter place, but it's proximity makes it an easy place to recommend.  Thank you!One word: amazing! Great service and great food! Piano player was great. Loved every second of itGreat salad, very good loaded baked potato. My mom steak was good. Manager was very nice. Services was great. Good piano music. Very nice over allEverything we ordered was fantastic! From the super expensive but super delicious a la cartel seafood platter to the perfectly seared medium rare aged steaks. You pay for the ambiance and the delicious steaks. This will be a once a year dining experience until I start making the big bucks lol.We were sitting outdoors having a reunion dinner and 4-5 rats/mice were running around under our table.
Had to move table inside- manager gave us $40 credit on a $550 bill.
I expected more from this luxury dining experience.Far better atmosphere, menu, and food than Ruths.  The atmosphere for me really makes it.  Have been here several times with family and friends.  The bacon appetizer is serious stuff.  Plan on a very large meal and if you like desserts, they are HUGE!Came to Chop House for a work dinner- reservations for a party of 8. Hostess greeted us and sat us at table upon arrival. Servers provided water and continued to check on us throughout the meal. The entire meal was paced nicely- didn't feel rushed. 
Started off with seafood sampler platter which was delicious!  I ordered the center cut rib eye with a lobster which both were cooked to perfection. The sides were good portion but nothing extraordinary. 
The servers worked as a team and checked back regularly.  One major pet peeve that they didn't clear the dirty dishes as the meal went by I think this is a major oversight of fine dining. No one wants to see dirty plates when they are eating their meal. 
Overall - a decent meal.First time dining here...I chose this restaurant to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, and it certainly did not disappoint. Top notch service from start to finish. I had what was quite possibly the best fish dish I've ever had in my lifetime...redfish amandine topped with crabmeat.  I was mesmerized by the crabmeat...oh my-so much crabmeat!  We started off with the Baked Shrimp appetizer. 3 huge shrimp, baked in tons of butter and parmesan cheese. Upon devouring it, we used some of our leftover bread to soak up some of the cheesy, buttery goodness remaining on the appetizer plate. I will undoubtedly become a regular at this restaurant. Highly, highly recommended.I was here because of our annual employee Christmas Party. As soon as you walk in the ambience was so warm and inviting.  The pianist/vocalist kept us very well entertained with jolly Christmas songs and even got a few friends to sing along.  Everything was on a schedule and the wait staff didn't miss a beat.  We had our cocktails 1st.  The bar was not a huge area, so as all of us slowly arrived, it started to get a bit too crowded. They then escorted us to the heated patio.  It kept us all so comfortable.  Let me just say that my apple-martini was the best I'd had in a long while. So delicious!!  Then they served our appetizers.  The seafood platter was overloaded with deliciousness!! From the savory Crab Bisque to the crispy New York Style Thick Cut Sizzling Bacon. The Shrimp Cocktail, the Baked Shrimp, the Lobster Tail, The Crabmeat and the Florida Stone Crab, it all would have your taste buds so excited and your belly so full you would wonder if you could possibly have any more room for your next course!! But somehow you pace yourself and make the room. Then came the main course.  My steak, which was cooked superbly to my liking, was so tender and juicy.  Omgorrah!!  The staff was very pleasant, patient and nice..  They were all very quick and very knowledgeable of their items on the menu. Which is so important to me.  If you are looking for an excellent steak house, then Chop House is a FANTABULOUS place for you to go!!   Happy eats!!Yes, you are supposed to eat Cajun or creole in n'orleans, but I was taken out to  dinner and they chose this steakhouse.  Watch out .It was as good as any of the real good independent ones, and much better than the pricey chains.  The bread was amazing, but I'm glad I didn't eat too much. Appetizer was a medley of cocktail shrimp, stuffed shrimp and lump crab meat.  So. Good. I had a NY strip, cooked to perfection with a football sized baked potato loaded with chive butter and bacon and a side of sautéed spinach with garlic and oil. Get.Out. The wine list is fairly large and many California wines are reasonably priced.  Service was impeccable with many staff at your beck and call. So, here is a short review for a excellent steak house. Good things  come in small Yelp packages.  Go. There.This place is awesome.  It has the sophisticated steakhouse feel and vibe, yet its so laid back.  Got in early for a bachelor party, so my brother who was the bachelor and 2 of his close friends who were their early, hit it up and it was great on a Thursday night, we got a bit loud, drank a bit, and had a fantastic steak.  We cut to the chase, ordered the steaks 2 sides and had a few drinks and headed out for more Bourbon st. adventures.
I had the 18oz filet.  Thing was cooked to a beauty.  Perfect sear, extra black pepper like I had asked.  the Lyonnaise was money, that and the asparagus were the two sides, we were just full to where we knew we could guzzle more booze and not be stuffed to the point it was food coma.  
This place is legit.  Its a go!Felt and tasted like a chain steakhouse.  We had a reservation ahead of time (a MUST in New Orleans).  When we checked in, the table wasn't ready.  That wasn't a huge deal for us to wait in the bar.  It was just super awkward when only 5 minutes later the same guy at the front was really confused as to who we were.  He kept glancing and then looking back and finally I had to ask him if he was looking for us.  Weird.  
The steak was good but not nearly best. The spinach was a little bitter and I was not a fan.  We ordered the table side prepped potato which is their thing.  So the waitress, who was a super cold bitch (but we'll get back to her) asks if we want everything on it.  After she read off what comes with it, we made our selection.  Then when the bill came, we charged an extra dollar for the cheese.  It was only a dollar, but again... strange to offer a loaded potato and not say that some of the toppings were actually included.  
So our waitress was a cold hearted snake and actually was kind of funny because it just didn't seem real.  The busboy (a girl) was super friendly which only made our waitress seem colder.  The best part of the whole meal was when our waitress got all crazy on the busboy and tried to start a cat fight.  Busboy/girl was legit scared... and we were too.  Extra point for the drama!Food is ok but service is slooooooooooowwwwww. And poor service for the prices they charge. Don't come hungry.I thought the steak was decent. Mine came out a little on the salty side and my husband asked for A1 sauce. He tried mine and said my steak had flavor and his was bland. The husband enjoyed the appetizer carpaccio. Service was great! The steak at Doris Metropolitan was better in my opinion.Chophouse was great! I loved the atmosphere and with someone playing the piano in the background it was awesome. The one complaint we had was that it took some time before our main dish came out, approximately about an hour and 15 minutes after the server took our order. Other than that the food was great.We were staying across the street at the Country Inn. After a long day of sightseeing and riding the St. Charles Streetcar, we were ready for a bite to eat. I would have been happy enough ordering a pizza from the hotel bar, but my friend insisted we get a meal from the Chophouse and split it. It was 10:45 pm, and the Chophouse closes at 11 pm, but they took our order. The filet was cooked a perfect medium rare that really did melt in my mouth. The shrimp cocktail only came with 3 shrimp, but they were sweet and fresh. The baked potato was the size of a guinea pig! They knew we were sharing, so they gave us plenty of sour cream, butter, chives and bacon toppings. What a delicious potato. The next time I am in New Orleans I will have to sit down and eat here.This place is fantastic,, I eat steak in many upscale steak restaurants but something about the way they seir the outside of there steak to keep the inside perfectly juicy is about the best I have seen... Great job can't wait to go back!!!!!This is not the place to go to if you are used to fine dining steakhouses in the Los Angeles area, NYC, Las Vegas, etc (i.e. metropolitan areas).  Trust me, you will just be disappointed.  Or just be happy it is a steak place.
My main complaint has to do with how the host/hostess are.  I realize we were in town during one of the many NOLA music festivals but we were a large adult crowd celebrating a birthday and they made me feel like we were second-class citizens.  Sorry, but I am willing to place a bet that if we had chosen Ruth's Chris, they would not have, I am not a gambler by nature.
The filet mignons that were ordered were dry.  A pat of butter could have gone a long way.  The Delmonico steak was good (basically a rib-eye), not spicy. We did select cajun style.  Our server, was very nice, but we had asked her to help us keep track of what sides were being ordered as there were 12 of us.  Over ordered sides, since no one in the group was asked if we needed so many.  Not a huge deal, but it is something that is very helpful with a large group so food isn't wasted.  We literally left an entire side.
Surprisingly, if I were to offer a suggestion near/in the French Quarter, I would suggest the Rib Room at the Omni!I was in town for Mardi Gras and decided to have a little date night before the festivities. Everything about this place was spectacular. The service, food, atmosphere, and especially the live music. There was an hour wait, so we called ahead to be put on the list. We were seated immediately. Our server was great, knowledgeable of the menu and very attentive. 
We ordered a bottle of the red wine, crab bisque, the 22 oz bone-in Ribeye, and the Redfish with a side of spinach and hash browns. No better was to describe the crab bisque is that they puréed crab meat and used that as a rue. It's so rich and creamy. I wish I had of gotten a bowl to bring home with me. The ribeye was ordered medium and it came out perfectly! Both entrees were juicy and full of flavor. We ended our meal with the New York cheesecake and berries, which was delicious as well. 
The only thing I can say I did not like was the rock hard butter that came with the bread. Other than that I can not stop ranting and raving about this place. Can not wait to come back to New Orleans to eat here again.Tremendous food and a truly wonderful location.  The steaks were better than even Ruths Chris due to their amazing char on the outside.  I think its called Pittsburg style and it is freaking delicious!  Asparagus side was great too...and the largest I have ever seen.  The carpaccio was amazing as hell too.  Just kaboom in yo mouf!
The only minor ding I'd give is on service.  I would take a half star off for that if I had that option.  It was fine I'd say, but not that level of personal attention that I would have liked to see for a true 5 star.  
On the whole, a nice option when those great steakhouses are booked up.  I was bummed they were out of stone crab, as we totally would have had them.  But its a long weekend, and these things happen.  Getting fresh seafood on a sunday is not the easiest.The restaurant decor was inviting for the 5 of my colleagues . We were in NOLA for a conference through the AANP Jun 8-14th. However the dinner had disappointments. First course was crab bisque, which was creamy and subtle and did not have an overpowering of butter and a balanced crab flavor. My colleague really enjoyed it. The wine selection was notable, however the disappointment came with our steak. The Delmonico steaks were both ordered broiled , we felt they were cooked to perfection but the salt content was over board. The waiter was polite and offered to reorder the steak and we were clear to tell them not to add salt to which the waiter stated after he came with the second steak order they had been lightly Cajun seasoned. My guest tried this different order and we're still shocked it came out still yet heavily salted! 
Dessert was a chocolate cake for the table and this did not disappoint. However this place is to be known for their steak and this is where it failed. Hence 2 stars.
I feel embarrassed that I recommended the Chophouse to them. It's not often physicians and NPs have a chance to relax, when each day in New Orleans was packed with lectures and workshops. We were all looking forward to a nice steak dinner and evening with our colleagues.I went to the chophouse with my GF with high expectations and I have to say that these were met. The place looks really nice and romantic. The lighting is just perfect and in general the interiors are well planned and kept. Beautiful background music with live piano. The meal was gorgeous. Excellent shrimp cocktail for appetizer. We then had a superb redfish and a Cajun style 12 oz steak with spinach and garlic and baked potatoes. The steak was exceptional both in seasoning and cooking. The most important piece of the dinner was very simple: quality . The menu is fairly simple (and a bit too short) but there is clearly some extra care in choosing the right meat and seafood. Note also that hot fresh bread is served and complimentary!
Service was almost perfect (with perfect I mean at renown restaurant level). Bear in mind that you are gonna spend, after tax and tip, something around 70/80 $ per person for a normal dinner. But the place totally deserves that.While walking back from the National WW II Museum, we happened to come across the Chophouse. It was my husband's birthday and our first time in New Orleans so it was "Why Not?" time. Since it was Saturday and we already had plans, we made reservations for Sunday evening. Suffice it to say we were not disappointed. 
Service: Service was great. We had a lovely young lady (blonde) who took care of us all evening. I wish she had given us her name, anyway she was great--also it was my husband's birthday and I told her at the very last minute possible (totally my bad) but she handled it like a trouper and came out with a piece of cake and with nice lighted candle, so my husband was pleased and so was I :) Also,during the meal, the matire' d came over to our table and asked if we were happy with our meal so yes we were happy with both the meal and the service.
Food: We both ordered the strip steak and it was THE BEST we have ever had--cooked perfectly. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. So soft and tender...sigh! My husband loves steak and he enjoyed his steak to say the least. Makes us both sad that we don't live in New Orleans. Ah, the appetizers. Well, I ordered the garlic butter shrimp...perfection! If you don't like shrimp, garlic or  melted butter...don't get it because that is exactly what it is and boy the shrimp are nice, big and plump. My husband ordered the shrimp cocktail and got 3 HUGE shrimp. According to him, it was delicious. And by the way, there was a nice couple from Florida who sat next too us who ordered the onion rings...food snobs, don't  roll your eyes as you have never tasted or seen onion rings like these. They were so big that they offered us an onion ring(they said  no way they could eat all the onion rings) which was big enough to feed the both of us. My first bite was to be polite as I am not crazy about onion rings but after that my husband and I fought for the rest of it ;). Thank you couple from Florida--you guys were fun! 
Sides: I ordered sauteed mushrooms and onions...awwwwwwesoooome! My husband who does not like mushrooms, took a spoonful which I unselfishly let him have since it was his birthday! He ordered the creamy spinach which was so creamy he could not finish it but he did enjoy it.
Bread: Okay-being from San Francisco "Home of the Sourdough", I have to say the bread was just okay but then again the hubby and I think that the bread of every city we have visited is "just okay" (well, except for Paris--not name dropping-just stating a fact). So, since we are prejudiced about the bread, you can look for some else's opinion. We had a great experience and would totally recommend this place to all our friends when they come to visit New Orleans and so close to the National WW II Museum, so after a long day at museum, why not stop by for a steak. Don't forget to make reservations, though. By the way, they called me 3 or 4 minutes after we left the place because I left my sunglasses...Nice.Undoubtedly the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Perfectly caramelised crust on the New York Strip. Crab bisque full of flavour. Even the bread is ultra crisp on the outside with a warm soft core. Wines are a forté. Even the ones ordered by glass breathe a beautiful bouquet from simply being poured. Attention to detail is the order of the day here. Perfect.Make sure you have reservations before you go! I ordered filet mignon and creamed spinach along  mushrooms with onions. It was cooked to perfection. Loved the service, the ambience, there is a piano player inside which makes it even better.
It was a little loud at times but it does not take away the 5 stars I rate. We will definitely come back. Our waiter John was great!
Thank John!In my opinion, the most French-style Chophouse in New Orleans provided with many different ultimate wines.Chophouse is consistently one of my favorite steaks in the city.  It is better than alot of the "name" steak houses.
The quality of the steak is outstanding and that house salad is sooooooo good, service is beyond what's required, ambiance is great (nice decor and live piano), prices are comparable.
When asked which steakhouse I recommend, its always Chophouse! Second only to La Boca (damn I love those fries).DELICIOUS STEAK. My fiancé and I came here for dinner while visiting New Orleans. Reservations are highly recommended. If you are a seafood buff, get the crab bisque. You won't regret it. The seafood selections are limited but that is to be expected at a steakhouse. My fiancé had the strip and I had the filet (both were prepared medium rare). We had the onions and mushrooms as our side. It was plenty of food and the steak were very tender!! Delicious food, attentive staff, intimate ambiance. Really nice meal. Definitely pricey, $150 for two people included 1 soup, 1 salad, 1 wine, 1 bar drink, 2 steaks and 1 side dish. The dessert menu is not very extensive which leads me to believe that they keep it short on purpose so they can turn over the tables faster. However, we were never rushed by our server so it doesn't detract from the experience. Overall, great place if you are craving a great steak. 
The piano player/singer really added to the ambiance of the restaurant. He covered everything from The Eagles to Ed Sheeran.The service was exceptional! Ask for Jason!! The table is set for each course! The best filet I have ever eaten! Try the bacon as an appetizer! You will not regret it!Yuck! The food was not tasty, badly seasoned and over cooked! His steak was tough, my shrimp were over cooked and my lobster tail was not season well. 140.00 short! I will not return. We, made reservations they could not find and I felt like I was not welcome from the moment we was seated. Our waitress did not deliver a name and the manager asked, how was our visit. I explain, I was not happy and he did not one single thing. So, I'm a detractor and will never return. Your cooks need to Lear from Jack Biniom restaurant, because there not on point! Your food is to expensive for this outcome!September 8, 2015 visit.This is another place we went to with our 2.5 year old (we called in advance to make sure that this was ok.  Also, our son tends to behave quite well when we take him out).  Let me start by saying that the New York Style Thick Cut Sizzling Bacon is a great way to start the evening.  All three of us enjoyed this.
For entrees, my wife got the Delmonico Steak and I ordered the Filet Mignon.  Chophouse very likely serves the best meat in New Orleans.  The Creamed Spinach was an excellent side dishe.  The Hashbrowns are pretty much cut up potatoes (not very impressive).  Other than the Hashbrowns, excellent mealService. Service. Service. Number One. Hands down. The professional level of the team here is unmatched. On top of that, the food is amazing. Definitely worth every dollar. I'll be back.Food was amazing. I had the sea bass. Piano player was so talented. Great atmosphere.Keeping this short.  I travel a lot for work. I've eaten at alot of great steak houses. This is the best steak I've Ever had. From service to quality this place is amazing.   Pricey but worth itGreat food! great vibe!  Came here for a business meeting while I was in town for beachbody summit. Will be coming back when I'm in townsWow!!!  I'm speechless. The food and service here is the best in the world!  Had the steaks which were cooked to perfection. The fried lobster tail is the hero though. Who would've guessed. You've got to try this. It's worth flying to NOLA just for this treat. Thank you staff for making our dining experience such a memorable one.Crab bisque was freaking awesome! The bone in rib eye was cooked to perfection and the asparagus and sauce was off the hook.Best dinner choice we made. We started by ordering a couple drinks. Strong but not over poured the drinks were close to perfect (this from a bartender). The salads were enjoyable and not over stated. Bread, served as a medium side loaf, has a crisp exterior with a soft center. The ribeye was very well presented. With good marbling and a decent char to the outside it was good perfect to how it was ordered. The breaded shrimp was presented as well as it was cooked. The asparagus was crunchy and served with an good compliment of hollandaise sauce. The loaded baked potato is the size of a Volkswagen. With a server that was top notch and the cozy atmosphere we enjoyed this restaurant and all it has to offer.The bacon was the best part.  Steak is normal. Atmosphere was a little stuffy and they had a non-existent bar.  It only fit like 6 people at it. Not really a solo friendly place from my experience..  Service was impeccable and friendly.Great dinner, excellent  filet and delicious  appetizers. Love the atmosphere, definitely  recommendedDisappointing at best. Went here on business and we were all shocked at how bad the service and apps we cancelled our dinners and left. The 3 bar drinks at $35 were the best thing we had!  General Manager could care less about his operation as he was outside smoking when we left the restaurant.Wow, probably one of the best, if not the best restaurant I've had the pleasure of experiencing. A party of 8 of us planned a whirlwind 3 day trip to New Orleans from Orange County, California. All 8 of us travel and dine all over the country. Each and every one of us was blown away.
Monday 5/1/2017 was our last night in the city and wanted to end the trip in an epic way...the Chophouse New Orleans exceeded our visions. From the attentive service with a smile wait staff to the incredible seafood and steak dishes it was more than dinner, it was an experience that made you feel very special.
Let's not forget to mention the cocktails that the well skilled bartender treated us with, just amazing. If your looking for a special treat and you love a great seafood platter, please give this place a try, you won't regret it.This place is the bomb.  Great and I mean great service great food. Steaks are tasty, lobster was just right.  
We returned a second night because it was Fat Tuesday and places where closed. Called in and they hooked us up. 
Best of all actual Carnegie Deli New York Cheesecake.    
Without a doubt this is a must eat place. 
Thanks Mike you and you're staff rockGREAT ATMOSPHERE. High energy. Nice bar. Excellent service. Food good, overall.  Steaks were great. Caesar salad, baked shrimp - pretty good. Beef Carpaccio app was great. Sides just average. Piano guy was a nice touch, but everyone was talking over the music, so the noise in the dining room was EXTREMELY LOUD!!! Maybe they should move the piano guy further into the bar.We had reservations but still needed to wait a long time for our table.
The food was good!
The service was kind of ok!Hands down the best service I've ever had. This place is a gem in the CBD.
Great wine list, good cocktails, knowledgeable, attentive staff. The Maitre'd checked on us and everyone was very friendly and gracious.
The food was excellent. My [rather large] party had the seafood appetizer plate and a variety of entrees. Everyone's food was outstanding. The steaks were cooked perfectly and the blackened fish was wonderfully seasoned.
High marks from me for Chophouse.We went to this place hoping to find another great steak house in New Orleans and were disappointed. It wasn't bad food, but it was exceptional either. We will probably just stick with Ruths, LaBoca and Obriens as our top steakhouse restaurants in the area.
We would give it two and a half stars since it wasn't great nor horrible, just middle of the road.
We won't go back.Attentive staff, excellent food! Highly recommend the delmonico steak cajun style. Comes out with a drizzle of cajun sauce which isn't too spicy but adds a nice kick and flavor to the steak.Everything was fabulous! We had a party of 4 we ordered steaks, one of us ordered the steak and lobster. 
Everything just melted in our mouths. The cocktails were good too! My husbands steak was undercooked but they corrected it quickly and he was very happy!
We are from Nashville and this is our second time here, it is always good!  I highly recommend it!Traditional, high end, old school steak house.  I'd take my dad here and he'd be in heaven.  Steak and lobster were excellent.  Seafood platter, so good.  Deep fried lobster, what?  Never had it but it was so good, I drenched it with butter.  Hash browns and creamed spinach were the best sides.  Hearty and delicious, a meat and potatoes persons paradise.  Restaurant was beautiful and service outstanding.A great and eloquent place. Good food and music. I am not sure who the female singer/pianist was but she was very entertaining. I will defiantly go back when I visit NO. Make reservations if go after 6. It filled up quickly. We went around 5 and got in with no problem.We were recommended the place by the hotel concierge. It was average at best.  The place is super dark inside makes you wonder what they are hiding. the staff were either all having a bad day or just plain rude. Everyone from the hostess to the bartender were like I was bothering them.  The filets seemed like good cuts of meat but were way undercooked. We ordered medium well and got maybe medium which we can't stand. We ordered take out so not like we could send back. The onion rings were super dry and the coating was literally brittle breaking into crumbs. The mushroom onion mix is slimy and dripping in whatever they cooked it in.  They charge a premium but offer sub par. Stick with Ruths Chris or Mortons. Don't waste the trip there.Thank you so much to Chophouse for their Veteran's Day special. My wife and I had an amazing dinner there! We also got to meet Chappy, who is one of the best and most attentive bartenders I've ever had the pleasure of being served by. We will definitely be back!After a long day at Jazz Fest and a shower at the Queen and Crescent Hotel around the corner, I walked over to this restaurant for a martini and a nice meal at the bar before turning in for the night. Everything started out great with a perfectly chilled Belvedere martini and and competent keyboard player/singer doing New Orleans and lounge standards. After that, my dinner was a decidedly mixed bag.
The bartender was fine if a bit preoccupied. I mentioned at the outset that I had been at Jazz Fest and he seemed to be listening, but 20 minutes later, he asked me if I had "gone there today." 
I ordered the house salad with blue cheese and bacon, and It was great. Unfortunately, that raised my expectations, which were dashed. The petite filet, which I ordered "rare plus" came out medium and the lyonnaise potatoes I got as a side were cubed, glorified hashbrowns with a decidedly burnt onion taste. 
I will give the server, who wasn't the bartender, credit for boldness however. She asked if was ok to just push the potatoes on my plate since they were supposed to grab them by wielding two table spoons like chopsticks to do it properly, but she confided in me that it was a pain to do so and that more potatoes would likely end up on the floor. I told her anyway to get them on the plate was ok by me.
Technically, I'd give the place 2.5 stars for the first half of the meal and the decent ambiance, but I can't ignore the overcooked entree and side. For a $75 tab for one, it should have been much better.Excellent service and very good dinner.  We started with the fresh Florida crab claws. They were so meaty and good. We both had a delicious filet mignon cooked perfectly as ordered. 
For sides we had onion rings and asparagus. I wasn't a fan of either. Also, had a Caesar salad which was big enough for 3 people--as were the sides. 
The bread and butter were French style in taste and texture. 
It was a lovely spring evening in the courtyard.   If the time of year is right, you'll love it.Very nice, upscale resteraunt. Food was excellent and the service was great. It was a little loud. Even though it was expensive, I would recommend it over any of the chain steakhouses.Went here for my first time told the waiter I wanted a steak. I ordered a chop house steak. The waiter asked me what temperature I wanted it cooked? I told him rare; he did not tell me that the chop house steak was ground up hamburger meat covered in onions. I ate seven bites asking the whole time why is it so tender it falls apart and its full of Grease  he said I know we cook it this way isn't just delicious? no it's raw hamburger meat I'm sick to my stomach ended up throwing up my date couldn't even eat his red fish it was not cooked all the way either. I will not be eating here again.The ambiance of the chophouse is rich, it is a great place to take a visitor to the city or a nice place to go on a date. The few times I have been there they had someone playing the piano. The staff is great and as always gave me great advice with both choosing an appetizer (onion ring tower) and a side for the meal (the loaded potato). The portions for all courses are generous. I had a great experience and I highly recommend dining at the Chophouse for your next special occasion.The steak was DELICIOUS! By far one of the best tasting steaks I have ever had. The sides were just okay. Pretty good but nothing to write home about. 
Enjoyed the crab bisque soup and cheesecake. The cheesecake is huge! Plan to share or take some home. 
If you want a quiet place, this is not the place for you. It's dimly lit but noisy. I liked the sound of plates, the piano and people but can imagine it's a deterrent for some people. The funniest and surprising thing was a customer stood up after about 3 glasses of wine and started singing a opera rendition at the top of her lungs to her tablemates. She caused the pianist and everyone to listen to only her. She had a beautiful voice but I couldn't believe she did that. Naturally N'walins!The food was amazing as well as the service. Four of us went and we all
Loved our meals. The steaks were cooked perfectly. I got the baked shrimp which was out of this world. We got delicious loaded baked potatoes and the bacon appetizer was delicious. Well worth the price. Would
Love to eat at Chophouse again!!!Great atmosphere great steaks!  Basic menu but everything was done to perfection.  We had a late night reservation and the place was still busy.  Waiter was on point,great recommendations. Plenty of table sides to share.  Martinis were top notch!  We will definitely be back on our next visit to New Orleans.Food was amazing, definitely get the baked shrimp! The portions were just the right size and were easily devoured. Also has quite an extensive wine menu! Entrées were a bit expensive but definitely worth the price! Only downside is that it was very hard to hear the waiter.
The cheesecake was amazing! Make sure ask for strawberries and hot fudge on the side for it, you'll die from pleasure.The redfish almondine......OMG you just can't get any better than this!!!!! We just can't resist the almonds on top of the crunchy batter surrounding the perfectly prepared melt in your mouth fish! Our compliments to the chef....the wait service is always impeccable and friendly as well. To add to the ambiance? Just open up your ears to the pianist/singer whom entertains during your INCREDIBLE meal. Do not pass this place up.Chophouse is the best steakhouse in New Orleans. Yes, it is better than Ruth's Chris steakhouse. The chefs do a great job at searing the steak. It has an excellent crispy outer texture to go with the soft chewy center. Ruth's comes in a close second place for me, and after that I would say Morton's at Canal Place.The steak of prime was huge for one person and absolutely mouth watering and delicious!!! 
The ambience was lovely with live music and service was efficient. The bread loaf and steak fries were wonderful sides too. Coming back for that steak again soon!PERFECT!  That's the only way to describe our experience at the Chop House New Orleans. The food, ambience and live music create the perfect dining experience. My wife and I had the filet with lobster and topped it off with cheesecake for desert. Hands down the best steakhouse in New Orleans. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for the perfect dining experience.Incredible dining experience.  We had reservations at another local steakhouse but our hotel bartender persuaded us to make the switch.  So glad we did!  Delicious steak and impeccable service!  We will be back!!You need three things for an amazing dining experience--great ambiance, excellent service and amazing food quality and this place has it all. We loved the location not in the FQ but close enough withing walking distance. The dinning room wasn't overly noisy or quite and there is a nice patio area with heaters. It's a very comfortable setting. The service was excellent and attentive but not stifling as some places will overwhelm you with service and never leave you a moment to enjoy your drinks, meal or have a conversation without being interrupted. The menu was straight forward and we immediately knew what we want. Steaks! A 40oz double porterhouse for me and a 20oz ribeye for the wife. I've had big steaks before and it always comes out medium to rare towards the bone. It's a hard steak to get it medium. Not only did they cook it to temp but the cutting it open off the bone and letting it rest made the steak even better. The Maitre D' come over and we discussed steaks for a bit. He was knowledgeable and generally cared that we got our food they way we asked. Those steak fries were huge and the sauce was excellent. The asparagus was great and not those little ones you often get from other places. That key lime pie must be the best one in the City. It's that good, Chophouse NOLA is best called Steakhouse NOLA and is our new favorite place for steaks. #chophouseNOLAWe decided to do another steak house for our second  night in NOLA, as we were very disappointed by our first nights unnamed  choice.
I am so glad that we chose the Chophouse.
It was a day and night experience. The Chophouse steaks are great. I had the center  cut ribeye...fantastic. cooked to a medium rare perfection. My wife had the small 8 oz. Filet....so tender you did not need a knife!  
Order the Lyonnaise potatoes....a huge mound of fried potatoes with caramelized onions.....fantastic!
Overall a wonderful experience. Wonderful service....wonderful food, and great
Atmosphere.  We are definitely going backJohn was the best server that I have ever encountered. His timing and suggestions were superb. My steak was amazing as well but I was completely blown away by the service.I'm in NOLA for work and was looking for a great steakhouse experience. I was a little torn on whether or not to write a review, since I felt like my experience may have been user error. However, at the end of the day, there were some things the Chophouse could have done to make my experience better. 
I ordered the chopped steak of prime aged beef, along with a baked potato and asparagus. I topped off my meal with a Key Lime pie. Let's break down the food . . . 
Chopped Steak of Primed Aged Beef - yuck! I guess I thought this was something else. They should rename it the ground beef patty with a pound of onions dumped on top. I ordered it medium and it was really rare. I had a bloody hamburger mess on my plate and a ton of onions I had to navigate through. I could not eat this. The thing that upset me was that I was eating at a steak restaurant and never once did anybody ask me how my steak was or if it was cooked to my satisfaction. Again, I'm the one that ordered it, but I was not pleased and I would not recommend anybody ordering this! 
Baked Potato - I'm kind of a baked potato snob and they surpassed my expectations on this portion of the meal. It was delicious.
Asparagus - Don't bother. $8 for three stalks of tough, non-flavored asparagus. No good. 
Bread & Butter - excellent
Key Lime Pie - excellent, excellent, excellent
Point being, I had a real problem with my food. I could not believe that nobody asked me how my food was . . . even when it was apparent I did not eat much of it. My service was ok, but I had to request drink refills, etc. I chalked this up to dining solo. I guess I just had higher-hopes for my experience. I will say the atmosphere was very nice. They had a piano player who sang and was very good. I would definitely give this place another shot, but will certainly order something different!My wife and I had dinner there on Sunday July 27.  Our server was the lovely April, very attentive with a great personality.  While the concierge at Harrah's advised us that there were better steakhouses in the area to go to, we are glad we did not take his advise.  This place is truly a cut above the rest, from the generous drink pours,
great salads and just a perfectly cooked medium rare 16 oz strip, which we split.
If you are in the downtown area, as far as I am concerned, this place is a must see.Exceeds all expectations.   Service is what you'd expect at a fine dining establishment.  The sizzling butter on my dish that perfectly complimented the tender fillet is amazing.  What are you waiting for? Go now!Everything about this place was great! The service was excellent, our waiter was very attentive and personable. There was a very nice ambiance to the place, and the live music was wonderful. The crab bisque was exquisite! I also had the ribeye, asparagus and potato skins. All were very good, but the bisque was the best.
Overall i had a great experience at this place, and i will definitely return.Overall, I love this place. Stone carbs are amazing and fresh, when they are in season. The filet was cooked just right, I did think it was a little dry for me, however at least it was not oversaturated in butter. I would not get the hamburger steak, they need to remove this from the menu. Onion rings and fries are massive in size, can be split among the table. The bleu cheese dressing that comes with the onion rings is the best I have ever had at any restaurant.The chophouse salad is average, nothing to brag about. Creamed spinach and asparagus are also good sides, tasty. Baked potatoes are also large and come dressed. Key lime pie is very good, very sweet but savory and whipped cream is freshly made. Cheesecake is heavy, I did not care for the berries, too syrupy. Fresh berries (without the sugar) would be perfect.  The chocolate cake is huge and is very sweet and comes with ice cream, very good for a table of 4 or more. Irish coffee is creamy and looks just like the picture above. The service is always polite, organized and professional. They have a wide variety in their wines and they are not too expensive as compared to other restaurants in the same category. They also have valet, which is a big plus. I would recommend a reservation. I will continue to go back.The rib eye was amazing, I knew it was going to be a great steak just by looking at it. The steak was cooked to perfection, simply amazing. The juices eminating from this find slab of beef was enough to set me on a path to meat nirvana.The onion rings and steak fries were uneventful but who cares steak houses are all about the beef. The crab cocktail was fresh and flavorful as was the beef carpacio. We passed on desert as the offerings were mundane at best. The service was good not great but again who cares!!!!!
My only complaint was being sat by the back doors on a very cold evening, the draft was horrible. I would recommend avoid sitting in the back of the house if possible.I've eaten at all of the high end steakhouses in Vegas as well as other big names like Luger's, Spark's,  etc.
This place is on par with all of them. 
Shared the porterhouse, crab bisque, house salad, stone crab, lyonaisse potatoes, cream spinach, and key lime pie.
All were top notch save for the potatoes.Dinner for first time last night.  Nice small dining room with warm exposed brick, white table cloths, jacketed waitstaff.  Close table settings.  Very small bar and a few high tops for cocktails.
Service was very good, attentive yet removed...that is, the waiter read our needs very well, and had a friendly, professional attitude.  
The woman who served our cocktails was amongst the finest servers I have ever encountered. A true asset for this restaurant, but an even greater asset for NOLa in general.  The city should use her as the poster child for hospitality in it's tourism campaigns. 
Food:  A simple shrimp cocktail that was cooked and chilled as it should be. Gulf shrimp.  Strip steak, 18 oz.  Cooked perfectly mid rare, very well trimmed and truly USDA aged prime.  Succulent, flavorful, perfectly seasoned... not too much salt.  One of the 2 best steakhouse steaks I've had this year (I eat at all the big steakhouses around the US and Canada).
Far above Mortons, Ruths, Smiths, Palm in quality.  Far.  Only Grill 23 in Boston does a steak this well.
Hash browns were more like home-fries (small cubes), but quite good.  Asparagus was good, although they were too "fat". Hollandaise was decent.
Small menu, but that's OK; it's about steak.  Dessert menu is lacking imagination and selection.  Key lime pie is quite good.
REASON why I gave it four stars not 5:  Way too loud.  Other than that, if you are reading this, stop, and go eat at this restaurant! I can't wait to go back.
Cin cin!A pretty good choice for a steak, no doubt.  My 8 oz. filet was ordered black and blue and came back perfectly prepared. Very good quality cut of beef. Garlic spinach for a side was very well-prepared. Service was attentive (ate at the bar).
My only disappointment was the carpaccio.  They put too much stuff on it.  Too much mustard, too much salt, too much balsamic.  You couldn't taste the meat.  Good carpaccio needs only a sprinkling of salt, pepper and  a little olive oil. Otherwise, everything else was great.
Ambience was good.  The décor was very classy without being stuffy. The piano bar lady was nice but candidly, she should stick to playing and leave the singing off.  She played well, but the singing, not so much.   She sounded like a cross between George Jessel  and Sting. That ain't good for anybody, but particularly not for a woman.