Food is awesome, feels like being home. Met Chef Crispin. Very nice Filipino from Manila. Makes sure every table is satisfied. Strongly recommend for a taste of the Philippine Asian food.This place is legit filipino food. My friend and I came here to get something to help the hangover....the chef made me pork dinuguan and bangus belly sinigang and it was better than my mothers!!! And my mom can cook! The dinuguan is just pork meat....no intestines or liver, just the way I like it.Best filipino food I've ever tasted since I came here in the US. Their chef was 2016 Best Chef of Louisiana.I cannot begin to describe how happy my heart and stomach are after eating here. Coming from California and many filipino friends, I have had my fair share of authentic homecooked filipino food. I never thought I would find anything close to authentic filipino food in New Orleans.
The shop is a very mom-pop shop feel so dont let that deter you. The waiters and cooks came out and checked on us constantly to make sure the food was okay. Nothing short of amazing hospitality and amazing food
My favorite was the lumpia, crispy pata and sinigang.
Dinner was very affordable and very generous portions. We shared 8 dishes between 7 people and we were all full at the end. 
Only thing to note that it gets really smoky/grease smell like inside so be prepared to have an greasy smoke smell on you after dinner.Me and my Filipino girlfriend went here in high hopes it would be a feeling of being back at the Philippines and  we were not disappointed! Hands down authentic straight up Filipino cuisine. Not a fusion or hybrid version but straight up homemade, what your mom would make for dinner. We had Lumpiang Shanghai, Crispy Pata, Dinuguan, and Leche flan with some mango juice and San Miguel beer. We definitely ordered TOO much food for two people but we don't regret it. We will be going back and probably more often then I would for being in New Orleans, a city of restaurants. Next plate I want to order is the Sisig! I recommend to everyone to try this place as soon as possible.The best Filipino restaurant I've ever been to. The chef worked alongside Paul Prudhomme, and his skill shines through in his dishes. The portions are very generous given the prices and the owners are very kind and welcoming. The place is nondescript from the outside, but, regardless, walk on in. I wish we lived in New Orleans so that we could eat at CK's on a regular basis.The hospitality here is really incredible. It was like sitting in somebody's home and enjoying a freshly prepared meal. They even had a large TV that was playing America's Got Talent. Everything from the chairs to the tables and layout felt very homey. We had the Shanghai lumpia as well as the bulalo, and wow it was so tasty.What an amazing place!  The food was delicious and nice staff. Chef Crispin makes delicious tasting food with good healthy ingredients. My Filipina wife was very happy!  We are coming back very soon!A hidden Filipino gem in New Orleans. The food was very authentic and it brings back memories from my home country Philippines. The fresh lumpia was delicious and savory, crispy pata pork was crispy and flavorful and their Lomi and Palabok noodles are also yummy. The owners are very friendly and accommodating and we will definitely be back again to try other dishes in their menu.After Milkfish closed in March, I was left craving a place with Filipino food. The first time I came I ordered pinapaitan and crispy pata. Both were delicious and I would highly recommend ordering these dishes. After reading other reviews, I knew I had to come back for the pork sisig. The pork sisig with tofu however was not as good as the other two dishes I've had previously. A bit too much mayo made it extra creamy for me. I also had the fresh lumpia, which was also saltier than I expected. I would definitely still come back for Chef Crispin's food in the future.My family love this place the best Filipino restaurant around I've tried everything the chef cooked and they're all good my favorite is kari kari and crispy Pata. Excellent hospitality make you feel right at home I will definitely continue eating here for as long as I'm Filipino.lolO my went one time but the dishes we tried were great!  Nice home cooked food experience, home in the wall placeI'm so glad that they opened up since relocating from Katrina.  I loved their Kare-Kare.  Will be coming to dine every time I come backHands down the BEST Filipino food in New Orleans. And yes I am Filipino and I am very picky when it comes to my natives food. I had eaten at milkfish twice and I was not much of a fan (small portions, overpriced, too american). CK is as authentic as you can get. Now I don't have to go all the way to Dallas to have authentic Filipino food! Highly recommend! Try the Kare kare, dinuguan, and the Bolalu soupThis place is incredible. Apparently the city's only Philippine restaurant.  The food was incredible.  Very friendly service inside this old neighborhood grocery store.  Highly recommended.Amazing and a good time. Authentic and felt like home. Food was great an the staff/ owners were funny and we had a lot of laughs.Had dinner here last night and loved it! We had the adobo and pansit which we recommend. And can't forget the leche flan for dessert! The owners are as so kind and welcoming. It's a restaurant/grocery store, so it's very casual with several tables off to the side. Since the owner/cook prepares the food made-to-order it can take a little while before the food comes out, but it's definitely worth the wait. :)Dinuguan!!! authentic flavor, I know because I grew up having it. Excellent Kare-Kare, both fried and fresh eggrolls are on point. Delicious food and warm, welcoming service what more can I say except, "I'll be back."All I can is WOW... I love the food here. I live in Atlanta so it's been a while since I have a had authentic Filipino cuisine. Chef is really friendly the set up is real simple. Just the way I like it is simple and let the food do the talking. I had the sisig and kare-kare. Serving size is huge so come with with an empty stomach and prepare to eat. If you are Filipino this is the spot. I will be a regular.I came here as soon as I heard about this place. I haven't had filipino food in years and I was excited to try this restaurant out. I was not disappointed. 
The food was amazing, the service was great, and the food was incredible. 
I absolutely expect to return to CK's soon.Good  down Right Pinoy Food at its best and good service from Chef Pasia and his staffI love Chef Crispin's food! He specializes not only in local Louisiana favorites but also in Filipino cuisine, which is hard to find in this area. If you haven't had Filipino cuisine do yourself a favor and try the food here. The chef is extremely kind and you will love whatever he prepares.A group of New Orleans-based Fil-Am friends wanted to eat Filipino food that was good, reasonably priced, and being a Lenten Friday, of the seafood variety.  Chef Cris Pasia obliged with a fantastic spread of roast milkfish and catfish, boiled mussels and shrimps, kare-kare with shrimps instead of the usual ox tail, ginisang monggo, all served fried rice laced with fresh pineapple tidbits served in a hollowed-out pineapple (obviously where the tidbits came from).  This was fiesta fare.  But he wasn't done yet!  Chef Cris then served dessert which consisted of ginataang bilo-bilo and leche flan (creatively served with calamansi -- never tried that before but it was an exquisite juxtaposition of sweet and sour).  What a fantastic treat!  We plan to go back when it wasn't Friday to sample more Filipino fare (we heard his crispy pata was to die for).  And we didn't break the bank.  Highly recommended for both Fil-Ams and those who want to sample this up-and-coming nouvelle cuisine du jour! --Nathanael D.This place is incredible. We had the "blood stew", soup, spring rolls, and noodles. Unbelievable! Chef Chris is the real deal. Authentic Filipino food which promises to please aficionados and convert neophytes. This place is going to blow up.Great Filipino restaurant.  I will definitely go back.  I am not an expert on Filipino food, but this place was good.  It's a little hideway, but don't let that deter you.  You will definitely be missing out if you don't try this spot!  The food was good and  cooked to order.  The service was great. Will definitely go there for my lumpia fix!Food was good and came out timely. I had the Crispy Pata (fried pork thigh) which was huge and fried well and well seasoned. friend had the Bansilag (fried marinated fish with fried egg). Garlic rice that came with both dishes was was flavorful and cooked well. Only reason for one less star is that there are no prices on the menu and when we asked the server she said most entrees were around $12-$13 which is true aside from the Crispy Pata I got which is actually $25. The portion was really big so it's not not worth the price, but wish that they would let patrons know how much things cost so it's not a surprise to customers when the bill comes at the end. Honestly a bit annoyed about the price but again it was tasty and I have an entire pig leg in a to go box, but again, prices need to be announced on the menuDim lit restaurant in the back of a convenience store that serves up amazing Filipino food. The portions are huge so be prepared to share. Owners are very nice and will explain everything about the food to you.One of my favorite kinds of New Orleans places. Filipino food is hard to find, especially in New Orleans. We all have our home cooked style preferences, and Chef brings it all together. 
The stars are the crispy Pata, a marinated and deep fried leg of pork that is just amazing. My favorite filipino dish is called kare-kare. Oxtail braised in a savory peanut sauce with Chinese eggplant, green beans and book choose. A side of salty shrimp paste is usually served on the side for taste.  Hearty comfort food.  
Don't skip dessert, they will have surprise cakes and sweets. He made Leche flan the night I went and it was perfection. Our flan is a little more firm and a lot more creamy and dense than other flans. 
Take some time out to talk with Chef P, he worked with Paul Prudhomme in R&D and has many interesting anecdotes to share. 
Go often and if you are adventurous enough, you can ask for some of the off the menu delicacies. 
Tips: call ahead to order, and to see if there's anything special cooking up for the FilipinosPancit was amazing.  Shrimp and pork bellies takes a dish I grew up on to the next level.  Everything so far is good with a decent priceMade a quick stop in just because I had to check out the only Filipino restaurant in NOLA! Wish we were hungry bc I would have ordered more food! Judging by Chef Cris' hospitality and lumpia, and very homey feel of the restaurant, I know everything else on the menu will be just as good as the lumpia. Will have to try the sisig and crispy pats next time we're in town!Very friendly chef and owner but Kare Kare lack flavor.  I was expecting bold spicy flavors from the southeast Asia.  The dish was loaded with fresh veggies but curry needed some acidity and salt to bring out the flavors.We were looking for something new to eat and I suggested Filipino food, as none of us had ever tried. I found CK's on Yelp, and am I glad I did!
Our party of 4 tried to become a little more informed about traditional dishes before heading there. We really shouldn't have worried, the nice lady that took our order explained what everything was.
We started with Lumpiang Shanghai and vegetable Lumpia, followed by Pancit, Kare Kare, and Crispy Pata. Of course, though we didn't have any room left, we had to try out the Halo Halo..
The food was fantastic! We ate family style and shared all the dishes. My favorite was the Pancit, incredible!
I really enjoyed the casual atmosphere, the friendliness of the people who helped us, and the fact that we sat after eating talking and there was no pressure to leave, as so many places want you to pay and leave immediately after eating.
We really enjoyed our "food adventure", and will definitely be back for more.It was great and personalized service and a good place to enjoy food with friends after a few days of professional conference.  Very experienced and recognized chef; hospitable wife has good sense of humor.  Not disappointed at all with food quality and authenticity.  Atmosphere can be better, but it's all about the food. I wish them luck.The atmosphere tricks you into believing you're in the Philippines for those that have been.  Had their crispy pata and beef calderetta.  Both were very tasty and the server lady was extremely nice!Chris the Head Chef worked with one of New orleans greatest chefs; the late Chef Paul, and that talent is clearly displayed through his dishes! If you are looking for some great filipino food,great prices and service it cannot be beat anywhere else! These dish sizes are not exaggerated, they are huge! Thanks for your hospitality Chef Chris, we will be back again!!!The Food is Amazing.Filipino Food Straight from the country Its as good as it gets Family Run & Opperated The Chef Cooks from The Heart.When U walk into his place it looks like the neiborhood corner store very cool & while waiting for ya food they have all kinds of cool stuff hangin onda walls When da food comes out it takes center stage Theres knothin onda menu that i wouldnt eat again Amazing FoodWe came to New Orleans and as is typical for us searched for Filipino restaurants. This was the only place we found so we had to check it out! Wow!! This place is amazing. About a 20 minute walk from our hotel near downtown it was totally worth it. The owners are very kind and gentle. The service was excellent and I was honestly a little surprised how fresh and expertly crafted the food is. Looking around the store, the chef has earned many accolades in the past and I am happy to have had tasted the fruits of his craft. We eat at a Filipino restaurant at least once in every city when we travel and this is definitely the best place we've had in the US.If looking for authentic filipino foods, try this place. Me and my fiancee cane here and we can't barely breath when we left there coz of foods was so delicious and they have big servings. You won't wanna waste any food that they will serve you.The food was amazing! Favorite dish is kare Kare and loved the halo halo. Will definitely be back many times. Loved chef chrispin's stories, too.Limpiang Shanghai style egg rolls were great. Large portion. Adobe very good. Kare-kare even better. Split vote in that and the Sisig, which was a bit spicier.
Hidden gem that is a corner store and restaurant. Chef was recruited here by Paul Prudhomme and is friendly and connected to the community.
We'll return. I hope you do, too.This place is amazing!! The food is so flavorful and it has some of the best lumpia i've ever had. Service is really great and they are so nice. Would highly recommend!It was a pleasant surprise that the best food we ate in New Orleans was Filipino food. This place was recommended by another Filipino who we just had a chance encounter with, and we sure are glad to have tried it. We had Dinuguan, Kare-kare, Lechong Kawali, Pancit, and Sisig. Everything was delicious and as authentic as the dishes we used to eat back home. The servings were generous and the prices very reasonable. We got a very warm welcome from Chef Cris Pasia and his wife. It felt more like we were visiting relatives. This was Filipino food and Filipino hospitality at its finest!So happy to finally come! Came with a party of 10 and they were more than accommodating. Met the owner and the food was off the chain. Highly recommend. Call before hours are funny!Love the sisig and kare kare!!Great place for filipino breakfast as well. Highly recommended for authentic filipino cuisine.So I found CK's accidentally while driving around my neighborhood looking for something quick to eat.  I ordered a shrimp poboy and sweet potato fries and I cant believe Im saying this but I think it was the best poboy Ive ever had in the city.  Definitely the best sweet potato fries ever!  Great seasoning!  I had to go eat at my old fav (crabby jack's) the next day just to make sure I wasnt crazy.  Actually I'm writing this review from Jack's (they are good too, not knocking them) I am that impressed.  Perfect bread, fresh dressings and shrimp, perfect seasoning and really big shrimp.  I was a little afraid at first but you shouldnt be, this is a neighborhood gem.  Next time Im ordering off of the Filipino menu!This place is incredible. A little pricey but well worth it. My friend Tod says it's 2 thumbs up!!!First of all, I came into this restaurant with no preconceptions about Filipino food. After talking to the owner a bit with my friend we decided on the crispy pata, which as I understand is a pig leg slow roasted for several hours, left to marinate for a day, and then deep fried. However it is actually made, it was incredible. Tender, juicy pork meat surrounded by cracklin-like skin. It came with a salad and we also got the great sweet potato fries. It could have easily fed two more people (though we left no scraps in our pork-induced frenzy). I've never had anything like it, and very addictive. 
Later I came back and got the mami soup which had loads of beef shank, eggs, pasta, greens, and even bone with marrow. The broth was very flavorful, especially with some of the side additives (calamondim citrus (and fish sauce?)) 
Price for portions is great and more importantly, the food is unbelievable, and unlike anything else in the city. Everything goes great with beer. The owner is super friendly, as are everyone else I've met that works there. What more can you want? They also have cheap burgers and po-boys which I look forward to trying after I work my way through some more of the Filipino menu.Small and unassuming place.  But the food is 110 percent authentic and can go toe to toe w any Filipina aute or nanay. And the Flan was the perfect velvety texture.  Will visit again on my next NO trip for sure!!!Me and my SO came in 30 mins before closing to hopefully get something good. Was greeted rudely and basically told to get out. I will give it a zero if I canMy wife and I have been in NOLA for a week vacation and have eaten at Atchafalaya, Peche, Turkey and the Wolf, amongst other places.  THIS IS EASILY THE BEST MEAL WEBE HAD ON THIS TRIP.  A really unique experience with a friendly chef and a one of a kind atmosphere.  Standout dish was definitely the Sisig and diniguan.  But we also had the oxtail  kare kare, the pancit bihon, and lumpia Shang hai - all of which were fantastic as well.  If they had a different location and a professional designer, there would be wait times longer than turkey and the wolf and Peche.I was craving for Filipino food on our 3rd day in NOLA. CK restaurant  caught  my attention because of its good reviews. We took the Lyft. We got Shanghai and sinigang bangus and we weren't disappointed. Sinigang flavor is good and in the right sour flavor. Chris the owner and the chef entertained us with a few chat and Christmas songs.This place was absolutely amazing! To start off- the food is delicious. The chef/owner trained under a popular New Orleans chef; his food is really really good. I'm vegetarian so I had the Fresh Lumpia which was similar to a lettuce wrap. It had spiced veggies wrapped into the lettuce, and topped with a sweet garlic sauce and ground nuts. This was my first time eating Filipino food and I definitely haven't eaten anything like this before. My friend got the Adobo which is a pork dish with a side of rice and vegetables. We ended with a leche flan and another coconut dessert, both of which were absolutely delicious. The flan melted in our mouths...so good! 
The ambiance is very friendly and homely. There wasn't a physical menu but the chef himself talked us through the various dishes they offer and described them as best as he could, since it was our first time eating Filipino food. The waiter and waitress are actually the chef's friends and help him out- they are a sweet Filipino family and we had a really good conversation with them about life in New Orleans. They also gave us some cool recommendations about things to do around the city since we were visiting only for the week. 
In all- great place! I would definitely go back.Ck's is a no frills convenient shop restaurant, so don't expect something fancy when you walk in. Fiancé and I were confused when we walked in, but someone pulled back a gate like thing to seat us. People were super nice, but the service was interesting. Menu is on the chalkboard. Simple and everything that fiancé had craved from home cooking. The woman who served us was super nice. The man who sat us just seemed confused but nice. And we saw the chef for a second he seemed nice too. Prefer this place over milkfish, since it feels a little more authentic, not too over priced
Crispy pata - delicious, crispy, and definitely not healthy-beware it was like $22 a plate. 
Dinuguan - fiancé's fav dish and said it tastes like he wanted it to. don't worry about what's in it...just eat. ~$10
Sisig - pork and tofu topped with egg. never had it the way they cooked it with some type of sauce. Didn't mind it but wasn't a fav. ~$10Don't let the look of the place deter you if you're looking for real authentic Filipino food. It's a small corner store with about 6 tables inside. The chef/owners/workers are all Filipino and I assume it is family owned. The food is on a small chalkboard in the front and there are plenty to choose from. We ordered the sisig and kare kare to share between two people and it was more than enough. Kare kare is a traditional oxtail dish cooked in peanut butter sauce and sisig is more like a stir fry of meat and veggies with a raw egg cracked on top of a sizzling hot plate. Sisig is my favorite! We ordered Filipino beers and they served it in a brown paper bag! Neat. Will definitely be back to try the halo halo. I heard it's the best.It was.a good 20 minute walk from our hotel in the warehouse district.  It was pretty hot during lunch when we ventured out to check this place.
The place was an unassuming store cum restaurant with a very Filipino feel.  There was a customer waiting for her take out order.  Chef Pasia was busy in the kitchen preparing the food for the take out.
It was a one man operation during lunch time.  We ordered adobo and okra with Bagoong (fermented krill).  Both were excellent.  I liked how the okra was nicely fried without being too oily.  We ended the meal with halu halo (must order)!
Chef Pasia was a 2016 Chef of the Year Awardee when he started his restaurant after retiring from Chef Paul Prudhomme's restaurant.  His skills were honed from years starting up new Marriott and with Chef Paul. 
It is always an honour to meet people who have distinguished themselves from their skills yet remain very humble.We came here to get my SIL some comfort food after she spent 6 years in the Philippines. The menu is on a chalkboard by the door because it changes regularly. We had the most lovey service, my SIL talked to everyone in Tagalog and ordered for us. We tried the vegetable lumpiah, chicken adobe, pork adobe, pancit, and one of the soups. I wish I had thought to take pictures! We ate it family style and had were totally stuffed but had tons of leftovers! My SIL had not eaten that much in the year she has been back in America, she loved it, and it was very comforting, like a taste of home. I had never tried Filipino food before, and also really enjoyed it. The lumpiah, pork adobe, and pancit were the stars for me, they were all so tasty! 
My family said the inside felt exactly like it would in the Philippines with a small Asian market and and Pacquiao fights playing on the TV. 
The Chef was such a delight and came out and chatted with us, and gave us all a complimentary flan which was also reallly yummy. Chef Chris worked with Paul Prudhomme for 18 years so he really knows what he is doing in the kitchen. 
Overall a very nice relaxing lunch with delicious food and excellent service. We will definitely be back.If you are adventurous, curious, or are like me: Filipino and desperately seeking home cooked Pinoy soul food, YOU HAVE TO COME TO CK'S!!!!!! I cannot find the words to express how happy I was to find this place!
I'm Filipino, but I was born and raised in the states, so most Filipinos judge because they think that just because I'm "Fil-Am" and can't hold a full conversation in Tagalog, that I'm not a "real" Filipino. But lemme tell you! I grew up with two very old-school Filipino parents, and well, I got that "pao-pao" that every little Filipino kid experienced. Haha! But despite all that, you know my parents THREW DOWN! in the cusina (kitchen). Enough about me though.. that just gives you a background of my credibility. ;)
I had heard about this place on the radio and had been searching all over and asking everyone if they knew what I'd been talking about. Then finally, I found it online and Yelp! Imagine my skepticism since there isn't any other place in the local area that serves authentic Filipino cuisine. I'm very picky about Filipino food, but I knew this would be the place to try because you know it's a real deal Filipino meal when the restaurant doubles as a corner store!
I walked in and I must have looked lost or something, but I wanted to eat! So they seated me in the dining area, and I proceeded to order my favorites off of the menu. I know they all looked at me crazy when they realized how much I had ordered. I got the Lumpiang Shanghai, the Kare Kare, and the Pansit. I also ordered Buco (coconut) juice. EVERYTHING WAS AMAZING!!! It was just like being at home. It literally brought tears of joy to my eyes. 
Chef Crispin Pasias and his crew were so friendly and welcoming and he even made it a point to come talk to me. I automatically felt like I was at home and with family. What put the cherry on top was that he gave me a sampling of the Leche Flan. Hopefully my mom and dad don't see this, but I think they might have some competition! Haha... JUST KIDDING MOM AND DAD! :-p
Anyway, I am so excited to have found this place, and I am truly honored to have been able to meet with the chef. This is definitely the place to be if you are looking for REAL Filipino food! Hope you all enjoy it as much as I did!I haven't had Filipino food this good in a very long time. Just as amazing (if not better) than my moms home cooking. Sorry mom! The wait was long but the staff were friendly and the food was more than worth it. I'd recommend getting there early if you're going with a large group. I'll be back again soon for halo halo!The food was absolutely amazing. So glad I found the only Filipino restaurant in the city.  A true gem, I ordered the Lumpia Shanghai and the Pork Adobo. The 1st bite was heaven in my mouth can you say foodgasm lol. I will definitely be back to try some of their other dishes. The chef did an amazing job. If you like authentic Filipino food this is the place to go.People of New Orleans LISTEN UP.  I was craving halo halo last night and did a quick google search for Filipino food in Nola, and found CK's.  As the ONLY place to get Filipino food in the city, I had to give it a quick check.  I stopped in with a date for a quick lunch, and I'm so glad we did!  We were met by the chef himself, Cris, and he explained what's on the menu this season.  Unfortunately, no halo halo due to the cold weather, but he offered suggestions and helped us decide.  We began with delicious lumpia, a type of fried spring roll with a spicy and sweet dipping sauce.  I wish I had a photo to share but we gobbled them down so fast the pic would've been of a lonely piece of lettuce.  
We also ordered the sinigang, a pork belly soup with green beans, okra, bok choy, eggplant, and an amazing clear broth full of ginger, tamarind, lemongrass and other alluring flavors.  The pata came out next, a slow-cooked pork leg that's then flash fried with the skin on, served with rice, lettuce, tomato, and a little dish of dipping sauce.  I could not stop raving about how moist the meat was and how crispy that skin was-- AMAZING.  The chef even sent us a taste of his pancit, a noodle dish with chicken and veggies that we were really too full to eat, but we made the sacrifice anyway because it was absolutely delicious.  As the check came our hostess brought us 4 little homemade pistachio chocolate truffles that were the perfect finish to the meal.  Eaters of Nola, please give CK's a try.  It may not look like much when you first walk in, but this is a hidden gem in the city and the only one of it's kind at the moment.  I'm already planning my next trip here, and hopefully next time I'll get to have my halo halo as well.  
Tl;dr: Give chef Crispin's amazing Filipino food a try-- it's the only place in the city to get it, and you will not regret it.My boyfriend and I were on vacation in New Orleans and I had eaten Cajun for the past 3 days.    At this point, he had yet to try any Filipino food and I was ecstatic when I found one in the area and immediately decided to go.  
I just adore every single aspect of this place.  It was humble with a vibe that exuded family and the Pinoy culture.  
Our waitress was sweet and soft spoken.  There isn't a physical menu but she explained what they had available for the day.  
The food was beyond outstanding.  It tasted like my own mother made it.  
The Crispy Pata was to die for!  They give you a very large portion paired with a brown roast sauce called Mang Tomas.  It was flavorful and seasoned just right.  Crunchy and meaty.  Just perfect!
We also had the Kare Kare which is an oxtail stew cooked slowly in peanut based sauce.  The meat was tender and beautifully put together with baby boo choy, okra, and eggplant.  
We ordered two different forms of lumpia (filipino egg rolls)  Lumping Shanghai with is the deep fried meaty egg rolls which they served with sweet chilly sauce.  Lumping Ubod which is a fresher version.  Its a soft, light crepe stuffed with veggies and a light amount of ground pork and bits of shrimp smothered in a brown sauce topped with peanut crumbs.  
The quality of the food phenomenal.  Traditional and savory.  The service provided was kind and full of smiles.  
I am forever grateful that this quaint little spot left a magnificent impression on my boyfriend for filipino food and culture.Just to say this first - the food was great, really good and the best dish was the sisig! I also got the appetizer, which almost tasted like Vietnamese egg rolls. Everything else was quite okay though. I recommend ordering to go if you were to get food from here only because dine in felt quite stuffy; as in there was many pieces of furniture kind of jumbled together. Not sure if it was because of the pandemic, but the atmosphere was not my favorite.Amazing food! Feels like you're visiting someone's house. The waitress was very kind. Plates are large! We ordered an appetizer and three mains dishes for four people. 100% would come back.Oh man, this is not the review/rating I wanted to give. It's really not. Maybe - hopefully - some of these issues can be chalked up to the pandemic and will be smoothed out when things go back to normal. Unfortunately this was my first and only visit, so I can only rate based on this one experience.
The restaurant interior was overly crowded with stuff, to the point that the eating/table area almost felt like an afterthought. This is possibly a pandemic issue; not many people dining in these days. Also, it was very cold inside, to the point that I was cold even with a zipper hoodie on. Maybe they turned off the heat since they don't have many customers dining in?
One of the things I ordered was kare-kare, which is a type of stew. I have no complaints about the food itself; it was good! But I ordered it to-go, and the kare-kare was put in a regular clamshell container. By the time I got it home it was pretty messy with the amount that spilled out the sides. They need a better container for stuff like this. I know there are actual soup to-go containers, but even putting the gravy in a go-cup with a lid and then wrapping it in aluminum foil would be better.
The biggest problem though was the wait. When I ordered I was warned it would take a while, like 25 minutes. That's a bit longer than the usual wait for food, but they gave a warning, so it was fair. The problem is that their time estimate was wrong. It was closer to 50 minutes from the time I ordered to the time I actually got my food. 50 minutes is a long time to wait, especially because: that's not the time I was initially told, some of the other waiting customers weren't wearing masks, and it was really cold inside the restaurant.
The food was really good! I especially liked the sisig, and under different circumstances could see myself becoming a repeat customer for it. But the location/hours are already inconvenient for me, so when combined with the other problems...
My best advice? Call your to-go order in, then call again before you go to pick it up to make sure it's actually ready. And try the sisig.Went back for yet another round, and this time I have more photos.  Visited CK's with four girlfriends and we arrived HUNGRY.  We immediately ordered lumpia, and then ordered another round. As my friend described, they're like potato chips-- so addicting and you can't eat just one!  We also put in an order for the crispy pata and some pancit (see my previous review for how good those were) as well as the Sisig and the Tokwa't Baboy.  My goodness, the feast that ensued.  The pata and Pancit were just as good as I remembered (again, check the previous review for descriptions) and I was psyched for two new dishes.  The Sisig, a dish made from pig head, was a chopped dish combining pork, onion, what tasted like potato, peppers, and a raw egg, served on a sizzling plate.  It was served with mayonnaise, but I skipped out since I'm not a fan of mayo.  The Tokwa't was a mix of pig ear, pork belly, and firm tofu cooked and then tossed with red onion and a vinegary sauce-- definitely a new favorite!! 
We eventually finished most of the dishes, and though we were SO FULL we ordered a single leche flan and an order of Halo Halo (!!!-see first review) because we are masochists.  The leche flan was so creamy and delicious-- not to mention HUGE, but oh so good.  And the halo halo.  Just what I was craving before my last review: ube and taro ice cream, an extra slice of leche flan, beans, jello, pandan, and so many other things all mixed together in one glass.  Amazing!  We left paying about $25pp including tip, and could not have been happier.  
IF YOU HAVEN'T TRIED CK'S HOT SHOPPE, DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND GET THERE!Judging by the other reviews, we may have hit an off afternoon service-wise (only Chef Crispin and one other person named Cris/Chris/Kris there). While we were there, some people even came in and left because their orders were not taken. That being said, we had plenty of time to wait - so we weren't in a rush. Food was cooked very well, so I certainly cannot complain there. This was definitely more authentic delicious Pinoy food than Milkfish was. It has also been the best Filipino food I've had outside of the Philippines in a restaurant! 
Next time I get homesick, I think I'll go for some fresh lumpia and pancit...This is the second time I have ever eaten Filipino food and this place did not disappoint me! I ate at Milkfish years ago when they were open, and I was pretty disappointed. After they had closed down, I thought there were no more Filipino restaurants left in NOLA! I was curious one day and decided to check Yelp for some Filipino restaurants that may exist around the city. I found this place and I was shocked at the fact that I never even heard of this place before!
Came with a party of 6, two of them being little children. A waitress told us to have a seat anywhere and we saw a menu on chalkboards. We had no idea what anything was, but there were some English ingredients in parenthesis. We ordered the Lumpiang Shanhai, Crispy Pata, Kare-Kare, Pancit without Vegetables, Tokwat Baboy, and Halo-Halo.
The restaurant looks like it used to be a corner store, but they converted it to be a restaurant. It still has the same layout and everything, but with some tables and chairs. It does look a bit rundown, but don't let that deter you from getting some really good food! It was a bit unsettling to walk through the kitchen to get to the restroom, but at least they had one for customers. 
Food took a while to come out, because I think it was a one man show in the kitchen. The Lumpiang Shanhai appetizers came out first and were like thin and long egg rolls, which were placed on a bed of lettuce and came with sweet chili sauce. Wrapping them with the lettuce and dipping in sweet chili sauce made a perfect dish! The entrees came afterwards, and everything looked really unique. It felt like we were invited to a Filipino household and fed traditional food, it was really special. I could tell that the food took time and love to make!
The server came with bowls of rice for the entrees to complete the meal. The Crispy Pata was a large roasted pork thigh on a bed of lettuce with some sauce and mango on the side. The crispiness and flavor was all on point! The mango was there to balance everything out. The Kare Kare was like a unique curry with oxtail, with extravagant flavors and vegetables. The Tokwat Baboy was a truly unique dish with both savory and sour flavors. It featured savory pork belly and tofu, cooked in a light and lemony sauce with assorted vegetables. I loved the ingredients for the dish, but not too big of a fan of the sauce. That being said, I probably still ate most of the dish in my party. I can't really talk much about the pancit, because they were made without vegetables for the kids. It seemed like a Filipino version of a Pad Thai. In the end, my favorite entrées were probably the Tokwat Baboy and Crispy Pata! 
My group was pretty full and we were forcing ourselves to finish everything, but we really wanted to try out the Halo-Halo for dessert. It was a shaved ice dessert topped with Ube ice cream, flan, and Ube custard.  We didn't know how to eat it, so the server told us that it is supposed to be stirred and then eaten. It was an absolutely delicious dessert! The flan really stood out to me, I wish we could have ordered the flan along with the halo-halo.
Overall, it was a unique and different cuisine to experience! The food was delicious, and the staff were great! My group loved the experience we had here and I can't wait to be back to try more dishes!Filipino food.  Hardest to find, but when found it's sure is good.  Hits the home cooking feel everytime.  The pancit (noodles my friends) with the shrimp had nice pepper notes.  As a true filipino, even though you're having noodles, you've gotta have some rice.  The resto can be easily missed; but it's the building on the corner.  No you didn't pass it.  Like many filipino houses I've visited growing up, there's always a TV on with of course... filipino shows.  This talk radio was kinda funny; but i'm not a fan of TVs in restaurants.  This place filled up quickly around 7pm and no one was watching the TV.  Some gentle filipino music would be cool; but it's all good.  The food was darn good.