Tried the Pig Mac last visit,  uneventful and flavorless- really disappointing as was the dry slaw.  Still a fan but lost a star. Ever since Peche opened there are cracks in the wall of Link.Would give 2.5 but would not round off to 3.
Cubano did not taste anything like a Cubano. 
The bread on mine was rock hard (like it was stale or microwaved before being pressed. 
The pork was dry and boring. 
There was no mustard on it. 
There was an odd sweet pickle taste to it.
The mac and cheese was just "ok" Nothing special at all. Can easily make it better at home.
The tea was tea and they refilled our glasses in a timely fashion.
None of our party thought their food was better than Meh.
What really killed me was after eating half my Cubano and giving up on it, they change the specials board and it had lamb on it. Grrr. THAT might have been awesome instead of disappointing.My husband and I live in Miami. We used Yelp to find this place. We went during the lunch rush at noon so  huge lines (at least 30 people in front of us) but to our surprise it was not too bad. We enjoyed the food, the service was amazing and the ambiance was enjoyable. We had the Carolina BBQ and Cubano sandwiches, both we tasty and spicy. The sandwiches are served alone, no chips, but they are available for purchase. They also have side items. The homemade lemonade was a bit small but really good. The key lime pie was delicious are worth every penny. If you are looking for a place a bit different and really good food, try Butcher.When my boyfriend and I arrived here after walking from a trolley stop, we were a little confused as to where the actual restaurant was. I had found this place on Yelp and I saw the sign for Cochon. But, it just didn't seem right. So, I pulled up my iYelp and saw the sign for this place and saw that I just needed to walk a few feet down the way to the Butcher sign. 
We had originally come for the bacon pralines but decided to get a little lunch/snack while here. After all, they boast mac and cheese which my boyfriend and I are both huge fans of. 
So, we ordered the mac and cheese and the duck sliders to share. We tried to order the pralines but were told they were sold out and next time to come back earlier (we arrived at 11). Not enjoying pralines, I wasn't too upset except that this was the whole reason we came. My boyfriend, on the other hand, was devastated. Two of his most favorite things in the world, bacon and praline, were denied to him. And we knew we would never get back to this place, let alone EARLIER, due to the things we already had planned. 
The duck slider was good. Cheesy, salty, toasted, and delicious. The only let down was the size for the price. We both really enjoyed the mac and cheese except we both decided it was more of a cheese pasta dish as it had so many additions that we couldn't classify it as a true mac and cheese. But, we both also agreed it was one of the best cheese pasta dishes we have had. Also a let down for the price though. 
If I could have gotten my boyfriend a bacon praline and not spent close to $20 bucks for two sodas and some snacks I would have rated this place higher.Delicious and pricey, but well worth it! Highly recommend the "Crescent City Sunrise" cocktail.This place rules! Beer and yummy food. Loved the Brussels sprouts and pork belly. We even tried the chocolate cake. I don't remember the service, but the place is small and it was a weird hour on a Thursday afternoon. We also snacked on the cheese plate. Mmm cheese good.My husband's favorite restaurant!!! He is a regular and always likes to meet up with his buddies there.Wonderful food and a nice ambiance. Like many places in New Orleans a bit loud. Could use some different acoustics. The food was creative and delicious - everything I ate was great. The service also very good. A short distance from the convention center, and far enough off the beaten path to not be chock full. I will eat here again.We attempted to go to Cochon but didn't have a reservation.  The host suggested we go down the block to their butcher.  It was so delicious!  Good menu choices and easy, relaxed atmosphere.  It was one of the best meals we had in NOLA and it wasn't originally what we had planned.  Pleasant surprise.Idk why I am so hesitant to write this review. I have been here a handful of times. Yes, I believe enough times to say I've given them chances and, truthfully, I haven't quite enjoy them that much. I really think they deserve 2.5 stars. 
I've had their charcuterie plate (16$). Their charcuterie plate wasn't even close to the best one I've had. That's very disappointing because they're a "butcher." The duck pastrami slider (7$) is ok. The mac&cheese (6$) is okay. What's not okay is the gambino sandwich (12$). Now, the gambino is pretty damn good & i do find myself craving it. You know what else is better than okay? The oatmeal cookies (1.25$). On two occasions, I stopped in solely for the oatmeal cookies. 
I know I've tried two or three other sandwiches but I can't remember which ones. That tells me they're forgettable.You have to stop and eat at a place that has a line.  There is a reason for it.  However, I just was not that impressed with Cochon.  There were food offerings that were way outside the box, but at the same time it did not impress me that much.  
I asked for the house recommendation and was offered the pork belly sandwich.  I agreed and purchased.  It was super fatty and a little tough.  Eating Korean food, I knew what I was getting myself into with the pork belly.  
I got the chocolate cake, that was good, but a little heavy on the frosting.  
Others in my group liked their sandwiches but I am not sure anyone was all about going again tomorrow. 
What did I learn today? 
If you want to smell like burned toast and bacon grease, stop in at Cochon and eat your sandwich there.  Just make sure you are not headed back to any important work meetings.  Oh, you just might have to burn that shirt since the smell does not come out.Was planning to have lunch at Cochon before our flight back to SF, we ended up having a glass of Riesling and split their special of the day sandwich - duck confit!  That's probably one of BEST sandwiches that I have ever tasted!  Crispy sourdough, very flavorful duck confit with a bit of duck fat inbetween, and whatever that magical spread.  I could have eaten the whole thing myself if I am actually hungry.  If we are in town again, this is going to be my first stop!!  Hubby bought a few pounds of their smoke sausages and the guy has vacuum sealed it for us. All servers are super nice and friendly as well.  Love this place!!!We couldn't visit NOLA without checking out Cochon butchery. 
I ordered the Muffuletta and she ordered the pork belly sandwhich. If you like salty peppery meats, you'd probably enjoy the Muff.  Don't feel like you need to eat a Muff just because it's the thing to do in NOLA.  I think you'd be better off with the cold roast beef with horseradish.
The Pork belly on the other hand was good as hell. The melt in your mouth pork belly and whatever aoili they used was on point. Really good. 
Definitely worth a visit.I give this place 5 stars for the sole reason that it was open on New Year's Eve! My friend and I had just landed in New Orleans for New Years, and we were immediately in need of something to eat. 
We quickly got frustrated when we realized that no restaurants were open on that day. Finally, we found Cochon Butcher, which was a casual and affordable restaurant with a bar. You order your food at the counter and then find a seat. 
I ordered the pastrami sandwich, which was lovely  and my friend got the Mediterranean wrap. The food was good and much needed!Everything here is amazing, the table favorite was the gambino it's flavorful and over the top good.We went to Butcher after having had several memorable dinners at Link's Herbsaint Restaurant.  
Before talking about the Butcher, I have to talk about the museum district in New Orleans.  We live in Chicago, have lived in San Francisco and Switzerland, and have traveled to a lot of places in Europe and the Southern Hemisphere.  We have been to New Orleans many times as my parents lived on the Gulf Coast pre-Katrina.  We only discovered the Museum District on our visit this past May.  What a treat!  The Modern Art Museum is an architectural treasure, the World War II museum is profound, the Southern Art Museum makes a dramatic entry and the venerable Civil War Museum is a true classic.  
After all that Museum stuff you get hungry.  Really hungry!  So walk about 3 blocks down to Link's Butcher and have a truly memorable lunch.  We had the roasted turkey with arugula, tomato, fontina and basil pesto aioli on 7 grain bread.  Wow.  Several of the regular patrons suggested the Buckboard bacon melt with collards on white, but neither my wife nor I really warm up to collards so we took a pass.  Anyway, add a great beer or in my wife's case a root beer, and you have a very special lunch in the warehouse district of New Orleans.Oh, YEP!!!  I am always on the lookout for a stellar sandwich and this place delivers for sure. So much so that I'm going back tomorrow to try more of the menu.  The bacon melt was just perfect. Thinly sliced, not too crispy bacon with spicy collard greens and melty swiss on the most expertly toasted white bread. It was everything! Great spot for an afternoon sammy and brew (or vino, which I had. Bacon and wine, it's all good!).One of my favorite sandwich places in the city. And I am a sandwich snob. The Moroccan spiced lamb is my favorite. Thin crispy pieces of lamb and their chili oil on top makes it amazing. Make sure you get their Brussels sprouts. Perfectly sauteed in oily goodness. This is not the place you come to if you are on a dietJust left Cochon Butcher and had to review.  Had the Le Pig Mac and it was the best sandwich I have ever eaten.  Also had the sprouts, which were also outstanding.  It was so good I feel like going back later today for another one.After leaving the WWI Museum in NOLA and not knowing the city, I used YELP to look for restaurants within walking distance (I love my iPhone). I was guiding us to Couchon, which just happened to be closed when we showed up. But the owner of Couchon Butcher waved us down to his place just behind Couchon. IT WAS FANTASTIC - a tiny hole in the wall wine-bar type place. It has a butcher counter (obviously) and yummy daily offerings - check the chalkboard. The boudin will make you slap the heck out of your mother - it was that good. We also had the marinated brussels sprouts - DELISH - and the so-so bratwurst. The staff was awesomely cool and accommodating and we will be going back again. TRY IT - DON'T BE AFRAID!Atmosphere: modern, rustic, fun.  Don't have to get dressed up or you can. 
Food: tasty! My boyfriend and I got 4 plates to share plus 1 soup each and we were stuffed.  We had the ribs (SO GOOD), cauliflower soup du jour (so good!), duck and andouille gumbo (wasn't my favorite but I felt like it was pretty authentic--maybe I just don't like dark gumbo), beet salad (very good), grits (so good), and shrimp and eggplant (good).  The desserts looked so good but we were stuffed so we skipped that.
Drinks: there's a bar to grab drinks with friends but this is more of a dinner place. Wouldn't be my go-to bar. I got red wine and he got an amber beer--can't really mess those up! 
Staff: our waiters and the host were supper nice and knowledgeable! Very pleased. 
I gave this a 3/5 stars because although I liked a lot about it, I wished the menu was bigger for people that may not want super authentic New Orleans cuisine.  I really just wanted a salad with lots of greens and some protein and they just didn't have that. 
I would come back here with friends.If you've been there, I could simply state the name because nothing else is needed. I really don't think I could visit New Orleans without going to Butcher at least once. Butcher is a charcuterie and sandwich shop from foremost New Orleans Chef Donald Link, a James Beard Award winner. A tiny place, lines have a tendency to run out of the door so it's best to plan to take food to go. Arriving mid afternoon, we were able to snag a table.
For the full review, visit: http://dashofles.com/blog/new-orleans-birthday-weekend/Loved the boudin. Very tasty. Lol....I got stopped by TSA trying to bring home these goodies...This place was super packed when we walked by Saturday afternoon/marathon weekend. We decided to wait anyway because the food looked good. I couldn't have anything, so my boyfriend ordered the Pig Mac for himself. We decided to get it to-go, and the cashier told him it would be a 10 minute wait: not bad. We stood by the counter in the front, and stood waiting for almost 25 minutes... we noticed a guy who ordered after us got his meal, so my boyfriend asked if his order was ready. Another guy got his order at the same time as us, and he arrived/ordered 15 minutes after we did!!!  Clearly, they're SUPER busy at the Cochon Butcher. The food was already cold by the time we got it, but the boyfriend said it was worth it. We will have to come back (and see if they can accommodate my gluten-free diet)!amazing sandwiches. sweet potato hot sauce was so good that i bought a bottle. 
bacon melt was my favorite. not like the bacon you would think. layers of different thin slices of ham. tiny bit crispy. . 
wife had the pulled pork. she loved it. i thought it was good. nice bun. 
wasn't impressed with the pork belly. i love pork belly. this was kinda on the way too fatty side for me. i liked the sauce and the mint surprisingly. 
good beer selection. 
this is a must if you ever visit. 
went for dinner on a monday night around 830 and it was 1/3 full.I wanted to buy and eat my way through everything here. 
Cochon Butcher is the casual sandwich/butcher side that flanks the more formal Cochon.  No reservations here; you line up to place your order, get a number and find/stalk for a seat.  We were the downtrodden duo who couldn't find a seat around 1PM on a Friday and was relegated to the outside area. But a kind server (who forever holds my little heart for this) saw me looking forlornly at the AC'd dining area and snatched a cozy table for us. 
Food-wise, I think I made it to Nirvana.  House made meats, head cheese, sausage, pickles, condiments, desserts. Love love love.  BF ordered the special with roasted pork; I got the muffaletta.  We each took a bite, and stopped and looked at each other in amazement because, really it's just a sandwich, but wow - it feels like it fed my soul.   Even the pickles were one of a kind. All the house made items just meld together to make some amazing food. I left here very reluctantly. Donald Link - you've made a fan girl out of me!Fantastic casual option. I was raving about everything I had here. Duck pastrami sandwich, Reuben, mac and cheese. To top it off, the Elvis cake was fantastic (King cake with peanut butter, bananas, bacon, and frosting). Just the kind of restaurant where everything on the menu is great and you leave feeling good.My oh my how I love their bacon sandwich.  Two days in a row.  Oh my....  And that chocolate cream pie.  [drool......]  Super fun spot.  Great atmosphere, cool to watch the butcher in action.  Great drinks.  Will definitely be back!!Really, what can you say? Best deli style restaurant ever, evidenced by constant crowds and long prep times. 
If I had a critique, which i don't because my tongue works, it is that there is too much good shit on the menu which causes second guessing. Or, you can be a champ, and order it all....and then get more.
I won't even recommend specific dishes because it is all so good that making a bad choice is like learning to read in a Camden, NJ kindergarten class: impossible. 
Eat this.This place felt right walking in. Not a soul outside or walking down the block, but a full dining room... nowhere to sit! They found us a table quickly after ordering (you do that first here) and we had our beers in barely a minute. The potato salad was delicious and chunky (stone ground mustard lovers - this is it). Our itialian grinder was salty, crusty perfection. The vinagrette was tangy and worked with the salty delites on this sandwich. Highly recommend!Been here a few times. Never blown away. I guess it's just not my thing. But nothing ever grabs me here that justifies the raves it gets. It is a cool space and the food isnt bad. Just not that great in my opinion and terrifically over priced.the Mac and cheese and excellent and priced appropriate. however just about everything on the menu is not nearly as tasty, and extremely over priced. overall it was a disappointment.Favorite place in New Orleans.  I had their pork belly sandwich my first time around  The sandwich was delicious but I was blown away by their side of pickles--wow!!!  I got the special the 2nd time that had pork belly in it--still delicious!I visited Cochon Butcher for the first time back in March 2016. I'm pretty sure I had an out of body experience. I made it a point to return in October. If I lived in New Orleans, this would be a regular spot for me. The staff always brings their A-game. The atmosphere is pretty laid back. Seating is limited so you gotta roll the dice. While you're waiting for your food, you can get lost looking at all the weird random stuff decorating the walls. 
As a Midwesterner, my first instinct is to go for your stereotypical NOLA food--po boys, gumbo, seafood anything, etc. Being from Kansas City, I unapologetically roll my eyes at other BBQ. Cochon Butcher made me cast out that snobbery.This place rocks!!! Just flew in from LA and had to make this my first meal back. Amazing pastrami sandwich served on grilled rye bread. Add the slaw and their sweet potato hot sauce and you are ready to dig in!Cochons is one of my faborite resturants in town, its always good, always consitent and always interesting. Not having a reservation on a busy night can be an issue but plan ahead and you won't have to wait! The Brisket is the best!Great place to eat lunch at and grab a beer. Loved the Mac-n-Cheese and the pork belly sandwich. All the menu items are well priced and if I lived in New Orleans I would become a regular. Eating here was one of the highlights of my trip and writing this review is making me crave another sandwich. They also had a gret selection of beers and the meats available for purchase looked delicious. They were offering catering for Holiday events so if you're in the market for that definitely go here. This location started to get packed when we were leaving and I could envision a line here during peak times.Love the Cubano. Top flight service. Key Lime pie was one of the best I have ever had. Can't wait to go back!Good sandwiches. That being said the prices are way too high for what you get. If you want to pay a lot for a good sandwich then go, but if you want more bang for your buck go elsewhere.Everything on the menus is delicious. I recommended the duck pastrami sandwich or the le pig Mac. The only thing I didn't care for was the pickles (too floral for my taste).Had a super delicious turkey sandwich. Only problem is they had a line out the door! Also not a lot of options for vegetarians. Definitely a meat lover's paradise.Le Pig Mac is really good. Like a better version of the Big Mac. Also had the muffuletta based on reviews and I didn't like it as much as the central grocery, which is the only comparison I have. Boudin was out of this world delicious. Definitely worth coming back to try other things.Oh Butcher, how do I love thee? In so many ways and for all the reasons there are to love a fancy deli. The sides are mouth watering-ly delish. The sandwiches are superb. Throw in a cold beer and we're talking perfect.We had the pork belly and BBQ pork, potato salad and Mac & cheese. They are super sour and super salty. But I like the pork belly. I guess the sour is just to make the pork taste not that thick.Great atmosphere,very popular. Had the Pig Mac=ham version of Big Mac which was amazing. Also the marinated brussel sprouts were delicious. Don't go during lunch time very busy have to wait to get a seat.pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich,pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich, pork belly sandwich.
did I mention pork belly sandwich? that is the single most delicious piece of sandwich I had since I first ate at Langer's in Los Angeles. that fatty pork MELTS in your mouth. everything balances greatly, and I can't believe how good the thing tastes!!!.
The lamb sandwich my wife got was great too.This is an interesting restaurant. Nice local gathering place. Unfortunately, the food was not to our taste. We tried highly recommended food choice as per Yelp, but nothing we really loved.
I think serious meat eaters would love this place.Tasty BBQ pork
I love cole slaw and ordered a side
Huge portion of slaw!! More than cousin Hugo's  but sadly not as good
I must return to try the bacon cheese
(Nice booze selection too )Amazing!  This is the stuff that dreams are made of!  I love the Gambino Sandwich made with meats that are house made. The house made pickles are to die for, and don't get me started on the bacon pralines are legendary. We brought my father-in-law some of their hogs head cheese and he loved it.  If you like the charcuterie  you get in Couchon Restaurant, you can purchase the same items at the Butcher.  Their deli meat is so much better quality and variety wise than any grocery store.  Also, a great place to get cold cuts and appetizers for dinner parties.The sandwiches were all delicious. We ordered 4 different ones to sample and each sandwich was amazing. A must place to dine in.Morrocan spiced lamb gyro. Best gyro
I've ever had man. The heat of the lamb and the cool of the tzaziki sauce... God I loved how the flavors came alive and sang in your mouth. Cochon butcher has their meats and spices down pat! Even their le pig mac nailed the best of in n out and McDonald's into one burger. If you love a good handheld meal, and have a solid 10-20 minutes to spare, this place is an absolute must go. Happy travels!10 stars...best meal in New Orleans, everything was top notch.One of my boys live close to this place and said this was this place to hit for brunch. We were actually supposed to go to Cochon Restaurant, but I got there first and didn't know there was a difference and ended up @ Cochon Butcher lol. Very nice girl the worked there said I could just take an open table even though I hadn't ordered at the counter yet, plus I ordered a cup of coffee from the bar. One of my boys looked around the other place and felt the vibe was better @ Butcher. 
Menu of course was meat heavy and I looked around and saw what was on other plates and it all looked good. I asked the girl that told me I could take the seat and her sister (sitting across from her) was having a Cochon Muffaletta which is basically an assorted meat sandwich with olive salad on a Sicilian roll...very good and hearty of course lol! We got a side of marinated Brussels sprouts...very good but a little on the vinegary side. Mac & cheese was solid as well. 
Definitely recommend as the food and service is solidVery good! One of my favorite restaurant in New Orleans!!! pork belly sandwich is a must order!!!!!!!'I have to agree with Rob C. and Barby M. This place is a tad bit too overhyped.
I had this sandwich: Pork Belly with Mint + Cucumber on White $10
And for $10, I expected a bigger sandwich. But no... the hype of the sister restaurant Cochon probably pushed up the prices.
And the bread was a bit lackluster. Everything else was great, but the bread had to go into my mouth as well. I couldn't say that it was my favorite sandwich, especially since pork (and pork bellies) are already a big thing in Cuban-loving South Florida.
If they improved on the bread, or chopped down the prices (one of the two would be acceptable), I would bump up the ratings for sure.I am trying to think of how to say how unbelievable my experience at Cochon Butcher was, but the words escape me. I guess what I'm trying to say is, holy freakin crap I love all you beautiful people in your black "Butcher" shirts. My boyfriend got the buckboard bacon melt with collards, I got the smoked turkey with avocado and basil aioli, and we split some pickles and the Mac and cheese. I can't choose a favorite if I tried, I loved each item equally, but separately. The cocktails were divine. The rocketman was very refreshing. I could eat Cochon Butcher for lunch every single damn day. Well done.This place is porkalicious!  Had the buckboard Bacon melt with Collards.  Great sandwich.  The sweet potato habanero hot sauce is addictive and perfect for dipping those little crispy potato chips in.  Just be sure to get there early to miss the lines!This is the place to break a diet...so freakin good!  My friends somehow decided on the muffuletta, pork belly sandwich, brisket sliders and duck pastrami sliders despite all the options.  The muffuletta was solid, but the brisket sliders stole the show.  Moist and packed with flavor on a soft bun.  Those sliders can melt in your mouth.  My pork belly sandwich was also very good-- I loved the pickled cucumbers and mint inside.  The duck pastrami sliders may be too rich for some, but I'd be happy clogging up my arteries for just a bite.  If the butchery is this good, I can't imagine how fabulous the more formal restaurant next door must be.  Cochon Butcher was one of the highlights of my trip.I actually walked into the Cochon restaurant in the corner at first thinking it was Butcher, sat down and looked at the menu looking for these awesome sandwiches. When I didn't find them, I asked and they told me butcher was actually next door, no worries, Cochon actually had some fried gator on the menu that I certainly do not regret ordering, they were awesome. Come to find out Cochon and Butcher are sister restaurants. I walked over to Butcher and must say the place was packed in the middle of the day and for good reason. I ordered a cubano to go, I ended up eating it on the drive back to Gulfport and enjoyed every bite. The meats were flavorful and all ingredients jived real well. Would highly recommend this place to anyone in NOLA.freakin amazing sandwiches. we ordered pretty much all the sandwiches and they were all simply delicious. you can tell its all hand made and fresh. you cant go wrong here and its definitely worth going out of your way to try.Amazing. That's all I have to say. My friends and I thought that Cochon was amazing but that was before we visited Cochon Butcher. This place is simply amazing and life changing. We came on a rainy day and right when they opened, which is a good thing since this place gets packed during peak hours (lunch hours).  When you enter, the butcher shop/area you order will be right in front of you. The bar and seating will be immediately to your right.  You can find the menu behind the cash registers or on the counter. Look it over because there's so many options. The prices are also pretty decent for the quality of food that you get - it's great quality and the prices are not too shabby!  The staff are friendly and they try to clean the tables pretty fast so that people can get seated right away when someone leaves. There's also a lot of things to look at around the restaurant. Some items are quite pricey (dishtowel, books, etc.).  There's also the butcher section that you can order meats from. If you live in NOLA or if you have a cooler so you can take it home with you, I suggest you do it. That boudin was amazing!!  Anyhow, onto the food!
My friends and I ordered several items and shared. The first thing we had was the Le Pig Mac. Can I say, that this is obviously better than the original Big Mac. It was amazing. They got the sauce down. But what made it so good was the meat. The pork was so tender and flavorful. I wanted to eat another one. We also ordered the bbq pork sandwich. Our lyft driver suggested it and it was also really good. The meat was again, flavored well and delicious. Then we had the boudin as well. OMG. How could you not attempt to take one home with you on the plane?!?  Trust me, we all wanted to take it home but we didn't. Anyhow, the ingredients just melt in your mouth and it's just so so so delicious and amazing and flavored very well and not salty at all and and and just life changing. We ordered another one to share. Finally we had the meat board and that also didn't disappoint. All the meats were great and it was paired well with some pickled items. I don't remember what they were because the meats were the star of the show. Heck, all their meats were the star of the show. 
Oh we also ordered a muffuletta to go for our flight home. It kept up well and it was so flavorful.  There was enough of the Olive spread and the meats were layered well that every bite was balanced with olive spread and meat. It was so so so tasty!
As you can tell by this review, Cochon Butcher is a must visit when you're visiting NOLA. You won't regret it at all.If you are attending a show at the Ernest M Morial Convention Center, and looking for a quality sandwich, this is the place for you!
I ate here twice this week (I don't usually eat at the same restaurant twice while I'm visiting a city, but this deserves an exception). I really enjoyed The Pig Mac on my 1st trip here. Big, juicy, impossible to eat without making a mess, but worth every bite! 
My second trip I had the muffuletta. What a monster of a sandwich. Great combination of piles of sliced meat, with a nice olive salad. The sauces soak into the bread through the middle of the sandwich making it difficult to set it down. I did find there to be too much bread around the outside of the sandwich, but there was more than enough food without eating it.
I did try a few of the sides. The coleslaw was good. MAC & Cheese was thick and creamy. The potato salad was very tasty. Unless you have a big appetite, there is no need for a side with the sandwich's that I had, you probably will want to share.
This place was extremely busy both times I was here. The second trip, lineup was down the street. The staff are very efficient at getting people through. Enough customers were taking their food to go that I was able to get a table both times I went. The staff were all friendly, and were working hard to get food out.This place was awesome. The food was so fresh and delicious, and I was very impressed with my breakfast sandwich. The coffee w/ chicory was outstanding, and the service was very friendly and quick. The atmosphere is casual, and the high-top tables and bar area make it a nice counterpart to the adjacent Cochon. Would look forward to trying more dishes from Cochon Butcher and would love to check out Cochon the next time I'm in NOLA.Ordered here twice now and it's not right ever. I don't mean missing one item off the right sandwich I mean I've gotten a different meal now two different days and this sucks. Get your expectations ready to eat the meal you paid for and when you get a cheaper sandwich than you paid for and it's not as good it's disheartening. I understand this place gets busy but there was no line and even open tables when I've been here. How is the order not right?Probably one of the best Sandwich shops in NOLA.  I've tried 4 of their sandwiches and all are ver good. Great place for a great sandwich.Didn't want to wait in line at Central Grocery. I decided to try the Muffalata at Butcher. That was a mistake. Their Muffalata was very bland. Their was only one olive on the whole sandwich. I also tried the boudin and the cubano. Again both bland. Two stars for the friendly service.Good, but a bit disappointing compared to the full restaurant next door.
I went to Cochon more than a year ago and had one of the best meals of the visit to New Orleans there. We had pig cheeks, alligator and amazing sausage. This time we came back to the Cochon Butcher with high expectations. It was good, but not as amazing as you'd like.
We got the pork belly sandwich that everyone raves about and it was very good, but not out-of-this world. At the point at which you're one of the highest-rated restaurants in New Orleans and making a pork belly sandwich, I really want it to be out-of-this world. Instead it was a bit thin, a bit too salty and there wasn't enough meat.
The mac'n'cheese and duck pastrami sliders were better. The mac'n'cheese was spicy and had that perfect crisped top of slightly burnt cheese. The duck pastrami sliders were also good with the cheese being the best part. It was a strong, Gruyere-like cheese that held up to the flavors in a really nice way.
I think the sleeper hit was the sweet potato and habanero hot sauce. It added a great sweet and spicy punch to whatever you put it on.
I also got the Rockin Rebel cocktail, which was a Manhattan with a bit of extra punch.
All-in-all, there's more to be happy about than not, but if i had it to do over again, I'd go to the sit-down restaurant next door again instead.Literally the best mac and cheese I've ever had. If you only eat one place in NOLA, eat here. Your stomach will thank you.Was in town for business and this place was highly recommended and was close to the convention center. Everything on the menu looked great but I picked the Pork Belly while another person in our group chose the Pig Mac. I loved that the pork belly had a bit of fat on it and tasted great but wished it had been bigger. I hadn't eaten much all day and could have eaten a 2nd one. I was able to take a bite out of the Pig Mac and although mine was good, I really wanted the Pig Mac as well. Guess I was feeling very piggish. We then spied a waiter carrying around a slice of chocolate cake, looking for a table. So now we also ordered a slice to share among e four of us. It was rich, moist and was the perfect density. I'm not sure if I could have eaten the whole thing by myself. This was definitely a way better choice than the convention center food court.You know you're gonna get a good sandwich when you see the butcher butchering meat as you walk in and all the freshly made sausages displayed. The variety of sandwiches is unreal, ranging from super heavy with bacon to very light and fresh with turkey and avocado. I would definitely recommend the pulled pork sandwich.Wow...one of the best sandwich shops.  Was in NOLA for a conference and found this place on yelp.  It's a little hectic inside during the lunch hour due to it's size, but definitely worth the chaos.  Had a cubano sandwich and it was SUPER.  My friend had the turkey, and I never would've thought a turkey sandwich could be so tasty.  
Would definitely come back when I'm in town.We stumbled across this place and realized it was a local favorite. Incredible
Food and great atmosphereOMG!!!!  If you're looking for some GREAT food... THIS IS THE PLACE!!!  At first we walked into the Cochon Restaurant and the scene didn't really look like were we wanted to grab a bite and a couple beers... then we figured out that we walked into the wrong Cochon!!!  Ok... I don't know about the Cochon Restaurant, but the Cochon Butcher is definitely a great place to grab a couple beers and some AWESOME FOOD!!!  I had the Greek Sausage plate that came with a couple links of Lamb sausage that was phenomenal, and lets not forget the eggplant Puree' that was great by itself but even better on the sausage and shoestring fries.  
Definitely going to hit this spot again!!!If you are in town for a convention(or just want a great sandwich) this place is a no brainer.  The Cubano was excellent as well as the key lime pie. Luckily we beat the crowd as the line was around the corner when we left, and I can see why. Definitely will be returning next time I'm in The Big Easy!Think you won't get excited walking into an deli/butcher- oh betcha will!  After Cochon one day, a friend sent me around the corner to Butcher for lunch.  Before I realized I was smelling, my mouth starting watering.  You can smell the fresh meats, spices and breads.  Buy hot to eat or take the best stuff home to DIY.  I had this two days in a row it was so awesome.  I had Pulled Pork one day and the Lamb version the next with whopping spicy potato salad.  Had to try a bit of the Peach Habenero sauce just for fun.  I can't tell you how good this was.  Plus great jars of gifties to buy for friends.  Oh- did I mean the PB&J cookie that is made in a small muffin tin.  Mouth watering yet?  And wash it all down with water, wine or an ice cold beer even on Sunday.  Amazingly decedent for a lunch place!4.5 stars.  Really good sandwiches, especially the Cubano.  Brussel sprouts, yum.  Not haute cuisine, but they do things right!  Other stuff quite good too, even if rich.  Definitely would plan to return.Woohooooooo!!! Cochon Butcher was certainly a highlight of our NOLA (eating) trip!!! That's why I decided to dedicate my 100th review to Cochon Butcher!!!
We were lucky that our hotel was about 3 blocks away from Cochon and Cochon Butcher. We went to Cochon for dinner the night before and as we walked back to the hotel, we noticed Cochon Butcher and quickly decided to go there for lunch the next day after the Swamp tour.
I'm not much of a sandwich eater (prefer rice than bread!) BUT.. oh boy CB certainly converted me!!! I got their Pork Belly sandwich and woaaaa HIT THE SPOT!!!!!!!!! IT WAS THE BEST SANDWICH I EVER HAD!!! It's a warm sandwich which I LOVE and filled with yummy smoked pork belly slices (not greasy nor too fatty at all!) and refreshing fresh cucumber slices and mint dressing (not overpowering at all)?!
My bf got the Carolina style pulled pork sandwich and he LOVED it too and let me tell you my bf is an avid sandwich eater, he knows what great sandwich is like and the pulled pork sandwich from CB became his TOP ONE, the best pulled pork sandwich on his best sandwiches list! It's not as saucy as the regular bbq pulled pork, but  it was full of flavor and we just couldn't have enough of it!
We also ordered the brussel sprouts and hot boudin as sides (eye-ing for the mac n cheese too but afraid would be too much food). It was our first boudin experience and at $3 a plate (four 1 inch thick pieces top with sliced pickled cucumber and mustard on the side).. it was certainly a steal deal!!! The brussel sprouts were good, it was pretty light in salt, but it was all good so that they didn't overpower the flavors of the sandwich.
I LOVED the SWEET POTATO HABANERO SAUCE!!! Bought one as souvenir for my kitchen!! It was pretty steep at $7/bottle.. 7 ounces?? (I would have bought more bottles if it was cheaper!)
I agree with other reviewers... this is not the usual sandwich shop..it's more of the fine dining of sandwich. All of the sandwiches are around $10 and up each and the portion size is not the 5 dollar foot-long @ SubWay... but you are paying for QUALITY not QUANTITY!!
If you happen to visit NOLA, CB is certainly a MUST VISIT place for great food...oh, just don't go to the bathroom as they do the meat work (they are a real butchery shop too!) near the bathroom (it's a small place!) so the floor is icky and greasy!
I think they have free wifi too..athmosphere is really laid back and casual with a modern twist....they also serve cocktails (with interesting names!) yummm :)Holy chloesterol!  Pork belly with cucumber and mint sandwich with homemade chips and homemade sweet pickle = fantastic lunch. Very smokey bacon pralines are laid out in vaccum sealed bags for impluse buyers at the counter. This place was jammed with locals and business people, so you know it is good. Minus one star because it was so small that there must be times when you can't get a seat. Definately try if you are in the warehouse arts district.Brussels sprouts  lamb sandwich  amazing cheese cakeMy foodie reviews of NOLA continue.... So went here with ridiculously high expectations.  The place was busy and we snagged two seats at the bar up front yay.... The girl at the front - was kind of rude - not gonna lie.  So hurriedly I ordered the pork belly.  Everyone said they loved it - I just didn't love it.  It was so crispy and not a lot of meat and just wasn't awesome - and I do love me some pork belly.  The chips that accompanied it were so greasy from oil - though kudos for being hand made.
My bf ordered the pulled pork - it was sooo smokey. Which could be a good thing just not for him, his cigarette after ( bad boyfriend) he said tasted like smoked pork. The potato salad that accompanied it was delicious though.
I give this place 2 stars for food - and 1/2 star because i really want to LOVE this place.  I love sammies and any place that is trying to make sammies the new hot thing - I want to love you, I do but cochon, you just weren't the cats meow.