Whatever you do, do NOT stay at this hotel. I stayed there at the beginning of  March and was bitten by bedbugs and have photos to prove it. When I reported it no one even came up to the room to look or help me. They sent me to the next door room after my luggage had obviously had bugs in it. When I checked out the woman named Sue at the front desk said that I would not be charged. However, they automatically charged me and now will not refund me. They admitted to having a bedbug problem in my room a few months ago but will not believe that I saw live bugs that I bought home with me! NOT only that, they were rude, unapologetic and refused to refund my money. The hotel is old, walls are cracked and is in terrible condition.A very cool place to stop for a drink. Fancy, pricey, and classy...but well worth it when you are sitting on the patio, sipping a cocktail and enjoying the magic and voodoo of the amazing city. Worth a stop on your trip, for sure. Service was ok, not sure about the food.Great Happy Hour!  From 5-7pm EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK.  $3 wells and $1 off beers.  Great stuff.  The atmosphere is awesome inside or out and the wait staff (Rachel & Michaela, especially) have always been friendly and knowledgeable.  I only live a few blocks away and this is now our regular spot!Have a unique experience eating on the front porch of this charming historic hotel amongst its beautiful massive columns. 
I had a deliciously rich and creamy crawfish pasta  followed by a decadent bread pudding bananas foster and a really potent Old Fashioned.I've been here a handful of times and had a great time time each time. a great place to grab drinks with friends. good prices, and good drinks. Pimms was ok, had better, but still good. 
I was here for an event, and the wait staff was friendly. They served good food. I tried: alligator sausage, blue cheese shrimp, chicken tenders, finger sandwiches, and ALL of it was good. 
I like sitting at the bar, but because they allow smoking indoors, i usually try and sit outside. (be sure to have bug spray for sitting outside). They have some good sized tables outside so your group can sit comfortably around.Rooms are dank musty and kinda smell like a dead grandmothers house. I couldn't for the life of me lock the door which became irritating after a long day of travel. We, being from New Orleans originally, knew we wanted to stay in our former neighborhood, but didn't want to impose on friends so opted to stay here. The bar is nice and the outdoor patio is a great place to get together and drink some good cocktails and laugh. But the rooms/hotel is really overpriced and I don't feel like the atmosphere that they are trying to sell is worth it. It will continue to be a drinks only place for us. Sorry friends...it's back to your sofas for us.I attended a brunch on this past Sunday at the hotel. The bride and groom of the wedding I was in spent the night at the hotel. We had the chance to see their room too. It's an older hotel with some vintage charm, but it wasn't a five star hotel or anything. They said the room was comfortable and nice. I can speak to the food though at brunch. The food was decent - nothing better or worse than anywhere in the area. The salad was disappointing but the shrimp and grits were flavorful. The deserts were definitely from a box - I had the bread pudding which was awesome but the chocolate mouse cake was not good.*NOTE: This is not  a review of the actual hotel itself, but the Sunday Jazz brunch.
I've never stayed in the hotel, but passed it on the streetcar while riding through the Garden District one Saturday afternoon, and knew that was where I had to have brunch the following morning. I was not disappointed.
The food quality is exquisite... perhaps something you'd expect to eat as Scarlet O'Hara's brunch guest, from a century gone by. Each person gets a complimentary glass of champagne, and for an extra $10 or so, you can purchase the whole bottle (our choice). I had the scallops, and while I cannot remember the exact sauce (this was almost a year ago), I remember it was very rich and drizzled over a bed of greens. The breakfast potatoes were good as well, and the champagne just made everything that much better!
We very much enjoyed sitting on the outdoor porch and watching people mosey along the sidewalks to and from church or shopping. The antebellum-style columns, the hotel's namesake, are breathtaking -- and why I noticed it in the first place. The musician who was there the Sunday was also very good, and played a wide variety of jazz favorites and covers of more recent songs.
Our service was quite good and we left full, happy and appreciative for the small joys in life (like a lazy Sunday brunch with the one you love). Highly, highly recommended.Okay place. Service wasn't great for the location and price you pay for brunch. Outside scenery was beautiful so eat outside when possible! Food was def meh. Salads weren't great. Gumbo was delish: rich, dark and loaded with meat!
I got the lamb chop and friend got the eggs benedict. Both were served with overly buttered vegetables.
Would go back for drinks.It was interesting to read how many reviewers commented on the bad service here.  I thought it was just me. I actually come here occasionally for meetings, and the service here goes from non-existent to terrible. I've served a few times in my life, and I'm the last one to complain about minor stupid things. I don't mind waiting for orders, and I understand when a staff is busy--so for me to complain is a testament to how horrible the service is here. The staff spends majority of their time talking to each other or to their buddies, so much so that when it was nearly empty, majority of their tablecloths were filthy. I'm talking grub and used matches on the linen. I don't have a problem with employees enjoying themselves at work as many do in New Orleans, but do so as you work.  The servers and bartenders will purposely ignore stuff and people so that they can keep talking. It's a pity, because as others have said this place would otherwise be a great place to grab cocktails, and the food I've had here in the past has been pretty excellent. I really hope management starts taking this seriously, as I'm not sure why such a classy looking establishment would want to get this reputation for bad service--especially for what they're charging when it's not happy hour. Get it together Columns.
Edit: I should have said their burgers are great. Probably one of the best I've had in the city. I also remember enjoying a poboy--- but I would not recommend the other items on the menu for the price. You can get way better food for a similar price or cheaper elsewhere. I recently ordered something other than the burger and was very disappointed with how salty an unambitious it was.Get a drink, take a few photos, enjoy the decor.  And move on.  
Drinks and food are both ok.  Overpriced, but you're not paying for the items, you're paying for the atmosphere and the view.  Weird crowd, mix of uptown old-timers and the next generation trying to become uptown old-timers.ONLY REVIEWING THE BAR EXPERIENCE
Well my friends and I learned what a Firefly and Mint Julep were on this night in question. 2 MJ's & a Firefly ~$22.
well a Mint Julep's got Whiskey in it if you didn't know & I could take about 5 sips before failing. And I don't even remember the firefly, but it was equally a fail.
This place was way too crowded on a Saturday night to find a seat outside or inside and when there is no dancing and no chugging of drinks, standing around seems lame.... 
I learned my lesson that I could never meet a Southern man, he would not appreciate my big NY personality and was disheartened. But I did get to stare at some boys who looked qualified to be at the Kentucky Derby.
I will give this place an A+ for style. It's so unique on the outside and I like that they have made it a bar. I did feel a bit awkward as if walking into someone else's wedding though.The Spinach Salad was really a side salad, not an entree! The chicken was good, but seriously not enough food for $12Went to their happy hour here! Enjoyed some wine and a cheese plate which was more filling than ever expected! 
We were able to snag a table out front and enjoy the view and people watch. Very relaxing and a very cool vibe inside! Would definitely recommend their happy hour!!We were first timers in NOLA and spent most of our trip in the French Quarter or Frenchmans St so when our concierge recommended Columns for drinks before we headed to Commanders Palace I was not too excited.  The Garden District is certainly a different atmosphere than the Quarter.  When we pulled up to the entrance it took my breath away.  Its a HUGE and absolutely beautiful mansion with mind blowing architectural detail everywhere.  The main bar is in what I think would have been the parlor and the porch and garden are just lovely.  It was a lovely place to start the evening but I must say the crowd was very young and mostly male.  And even though the place was so pretty and genteel there was a sort of frat house vibe.  Maybe it was just that night.  Still....so pretty that you definitely should go if youre in the area.My wife and I had a great stay at The Columns. Great ambiance and top-notch service. Both Waitresses (Shonda) at breakfast and at night were probably the two best I've ever been around. So personable and fun. We enjoyed seeing them so much at meals. I would recommend this spot to all my friends and family. The biggest thing to me coming from Houston is how safe the area felt. Even the street parking off of St. Charles was easy and accessible. We will definitely be back again!!!I can't speak on the hotel itself, but the outside front patio is perfect for happy hour and late night glasses of wine with friends.  
The ambience is the main reason to check this place out, and you will run into a cast of interesting characters during your evening.Great place to have a Sunday brunch off the heavily-marketed Jazz Brunch Circuit.  The food is prepaed and presented as well as any of the big name places in New Orleans.  Service is attentive, adaptive to requests, and professional.  The atmosphere is superb on the veranda facing tree-lined St. Charles Avenue through the distinctive white columns of the hotel.  The jazz was 1920s, with some creative fusions of 1920s jazz with 1960s and 1970s folk music.  We requested folk, and he blended it with the Jazz style the house prefers.  The clientele was a cross-section of New Orleanians.  Going for 4 stars, as I see 5-stars as mind-blowing on all fronts.  This will be our go-to brunch spot.  Interior dining available for those who are sensitive to the heat outside.  Beautiful old house on the inside and out.   We usually go for evening drinks.  For a quiet, dignified, and elegant experience, this is one of the best places in New Orleans.This review is for the bar only - not the hotel.
Being just a few years removed from college, I was turned on to this place from a few friends who claimed it catered to my age and demographic in addition to it's exc.  I've been quite a few times and have had, for the most part, good experiences with a few exceptions.  
For being such a nice establishment, I was very surprised with how reasonable the happy hour specials were.  Such a nice place to come after work on Friday and enjoy a drink on the patio with a few friends or coworkers if the weather permits.  During Mardi Gras, it's a great place to grab a bloody mary and take a short break from the parades, but it can become a mad house once the parades end.  
My only knock on the bar is with the bartenders.  From my experiences, they tend to be obnoxious college frat boys who seem to only cater to their college (possibly underage) friends.  From what I have gathered from some of my colleagues and friends is that they have also had similar experiences.  I have on several occasions been treated rudely by the bartenders who act like they are doing me a favor when I order a bloody mary.  On a separate occasion, I even noticed them being boisterous and starting fights with customers for no apparent reason, which is very unattractive considering it's reputation for being such a classy venue.  The egos and false sense of superiority I witnessed from some of these bartenders was repulsive.
Consequently, I usually just relax at a table on the outside patio or order from a server inside.  Overall, great nostalgia, good food, and great location to meet some friends for a drink during Mardi Gras or in the afternoon.Gorgeous atmosphere. Worst service I have experienced in the south. Was told to self seat and didn't receive attention for 20 minutes. Waitress was rude, obviously having a bad day. I would not recommend because there are far better spots on St. Charles.The place for drinks in New Orleans.  True southern style and hospitality, with an outdoor area on the steps overlooking Charles street and a couple of opulent oak paneled rooms to sip happy hour cocktails.  Just as a reference drinks for 8 during happy hour ran around $30 including tip?!I love this place. It doesn't matter what they set down on the table in front of me, I will always come back. No matter how hot and heavy the air is, it is comfortable on the porch. And I can't imagine anywhere more relaxing. We ordered cheese fries, which were fine. There were orders for wines and beers and I had a Sazerac. Next time I think I'd order a wine or beer. There was something not quite right about my drink. Music was setting up when we finally managed to leave the wonderful setting.FAWLTY TOWERS with Big Easy flair. We stayed at the Columns Lodge for one week. Most of my comments have to do with this place as a hotel.  
First, the good: the front porch is lovely, plus the side terrace in case you want more privacy and peace outdoors. The staff is almost always friendly and accommodating. The front desk staff in particular is very nice and tries to accommodate your needs. The St. Charles streetcar line is right outside the doors, making transit to and from the lodge extremely easy. There is live music almost nightly and on weekends there's a real buzz about the place; it is clearly popular as a local place to be. We were thrilled to see David Doucette and his small band playing Cajun music on Monday night. Excellent and worth a visit just for that.
The bad: it's cold inside. Too much air conditioning everywhere. Our bedroom has an a/c outlet directly over the bed and it blows, I swear, musty moldy air. I covered my face whenever it kicked on; otherwise I was breathing the nasty stuff in. It must be time to clean the ductwork.
The wait staff was slow and got all sorts of things mixed up.  Sometimes service didn't arrive at all. Everybody meant well, but seemed unable to figure stuff out.  One slice of toast arrived instead of two, one scrambled egg arrived instead of three. No real concierge service but they will call a cab to take you wherever you like (and it's always a super short wait). If you are looking for help planning day trips it's pretty much up to you to investigate their brochures on the 2d floor. That  where they directed me.
Bartenders are inattentive to their customers - too busy yacking with their friends coming in. These boys didn't even notice us coming or going - they didn't offer to refresh our drinks and they didn't bid us a good night. It was the one area where there was an obvious need for improvement.
Breakfast is a pretty sorry affair; don't bother unless you are on a strict budget. Same for coffee - undrinkable. However, the staff is very sweet despite their incompetence.
The ugly.  The furniture is old old old, dark, discolored or chipped and seems massively overdue for an update.  This includes the front hall, dining and bar areas, AND the bedrooms. New pillows, linens, carpet and paint would go a very long way to improve the situation. Even cleaning that gorgeous stained glass window at the top of the staircase ceiling would make a huge difference. Meanwhile, don't disturb your bedroom curtains too much or the dust will get you sneezing. 
The lighting is also dark dark dark. Breakfast room is particularly dreary in the morning. 
Overall, I would not recommend this place to my friends - unless they're looking for good SNL material.I haven't had a chance to try the food but I go here pretty often for the drinks.  The outside seating area is nice and always quiet for hanging out.  The ambiance is nice and so is the decor.  Service...not exceptional but people are nice overall.I forget why I don't come here until I come here.  Stand by prior review, buy an over priced drink, take a photo, and move on.  Addendum, only do it if they aren't within two hours of closing if you want to avoid watered down drinks, bad attitudes, and bartenders that are out of uniform, intoxicated, and more worried about the music playing than you.
It was so bad the bartender put hot sauce in an old fashioned instead of bitters...I'll let you guess his reaction when I called him out on it.
At the end of a long shift there's a difference between being grumpy, being rude, and being an asshole. Some are mildly excusable, this instance was not.Stopped in for an afternoon cocktail on a Saturday in December. What a charming hotel! A bit expensive but the atmosphere is so amazing it's worth it. We went to the main bar to order our drinks and then walked through the first floor admiring the antique decor (you feel like you've traveled back to the 1800s) and landed in the front sitting room overlooking St. Charles Ave and the beautiful trees lining the street. Highly recommend checking out if you're spending the afternoon in the Garden District.I'll start by saying the inside bar area is beautiful and we have enjoyed seeing the Tuesday night music in the parlor on occasion.  The staff inside the bar area has almost always been superb and friendly, but we have had issues with the waitresses service when we are outside.
Now the front porch is a wonderful spot to sit, sip on a cocktail and watch the streetcars roll by, but be prepared to pay a little too much for the drinks and the semi-good food.
... I also had friends visiting from the northeast not too long ago and after 
they got drenched in a sudden downpour they were 'greeted' by the manager who yelled at them like they were only there to clean up in the restroom.  Actually they were ready to spend a lot of cash there... that was a missed opportunity!
So if you just want a cocktail on the porch to watch the streetcars for a short time, check it out, but be prepared to overpay for what you get.The Columns Hotel became an essential visit while exploring the garden district. The spot is an easy visit given its location right off St. Charles and thus railcar accessible. This review is for the bar as I was long overdue for my first Gin Fizz. It is hard to believe the building was originally constructed for a personal home and made me feel as though I should instead be in the tobacco business. The bar feels as though you are in an 18th century man cave with its encapsulated dark wooden walls and ceilings. The smell of fireplace permeates the air throughout even in the spring season. The cocktail of choice is a legend in the area and at a 14 dollar price tag I expected big things. It became quickly apparent this is a labor intensive drink as many steps were involved. In the end a light, creamy and refreshing result was well worth the effort and a bargain compared to more downtown locations. A unique spot that would be hard to pass up if in the area.Let me start by saying that I love this place for a lazy Sunday afternoon cocktail on the veranda.  It has a very "old New Orleans" feel to it and the grounds and hotel are gorgeous.
Mother's Day Brunch was a huge disappointment.  Our reservation (for 8) was for 3 o'clock which was their last seating for brunch.  The service was poor at best. We were seated and given our choice of mimosa or champagne.  After the soup course was served, we did not see the waitress or even the water boy for a good 45 minutes, and then only after we sought out the manager.  The rest of the meal went along about the same.  The manager did comp our drinks after we made him aware of the situation but I would rather pay for my own drinks and have an enjoyable experience.
The food was ok , the service horrible and none of our party has any intention of returning for dinner anytime soon.Sunday brunch on the veranda, with mimosas and live music.  Life couldn't get any better on St. Charles Avenue.We stopped by for a quick drink at the Victorian Lounge before dinner at Superior Seafood on a Sunday, and I'm so glad we did. This is a great space. It certainly feels haunted, with all of the old furniture and the décor of the space. I bet the inside space gets uncomfortable in the summer, but there is a huge porch in the front that probably gets a lot of competition.Karen Dun  was the most disrespectful and unaccomodating hostess I have ever come across.   She did not honor our reservation.   She had a horrible attitude.   She was ugly in her demeanor.  Difficult to communicate with.  Rude.  Never again.Came here on a recommendation. Comfy seats and wooden walls with a roman revival/Victorian feel. Ordered a few drinks and a cheese plate. Cheese took forever to come. Plate contained pate, cheese, prosciutto, crackers, toasted bread rounds, green and kalamatta olives, and fresh fruit with a bittersweet chocolate drizzle.Bar is awesome. Drinks are filled to the brim. Love it. Wonderful atmosphere outside on the balcony. Really recommend.I've been here numerous times in the past few years and have loved my experience. It was one of my favorite places. However, my experience tonight was far from positive. The drinks were some of the worst I've ever had and the customer service was poor - the young bartender working tonight was very rude. 
Please get bartenders who can make a decent cocktail and can also provide good customer service. As another review states, the bartenders have bad attitudes and serve watered down drinks. I hope management addresses these issues, so others can have a positive experience here.A couple years ago, I saw "Pretty Baby" on Netflix. It stars a young Susan Sarandon as a prostitute in a Southern whorehouse, and an illegally young Brooke Shields as the daughter, who eventually gets her virginity sold and then runs off with a creepy ass photographer into the bayou...
Well, the whorehouse scenes were filmed in the lobby of Columns Hotel. But that didn't stop me from putting Columns at the top of the list after hearing about their fantastic porch and classy cocktails. Plus, a local friend promised that Sean Penn was always there. Though I lost a measure of respect for Penn after he started banging Scarlet Johansson, I still had nostalgia for his role as Spicoli in Fast Times at Ridgemont High, so the prospect of seeing him was quite exciting.
My travel buddy and I took the St. Charles streetcar out to the garden district. We were dolled up a bit and unprepared for the sudden cold, courtesy of a storm system farther inland. Still we toughed it out and hobbled along old, cracked sidewalks until we saw Columns rising up from a romantically melancholy block.
A lone hostess in a black and white getup detected us immediately and floated over with the drink menus. A folding chalkboard at the entrance to the hotel displayed a tempting menu as well - I saw words like "macaroni," "crawfish," and "croque," but closed my eyes because we had already planned out a meal destination for later.
The hostess told us that there was a $2.50 happy hour special. We waited for her to talk about Bud Light and PBR, but instead, she talked about a house red and white. My friend had red, I had white, and guess what, both were delicious. 
We watched a wedding rehearsal go on on the steps below us in the dusk, and the porch began to fill with people with long hair, mustaches, tuxes, gloves, and cigars. They spoke with accents straight out of a good John Grisham movie, but they weren't acting. From our private corner, we watched them through the smoke, transported through time and place to a foreign experience indeed.
When night fell and we couldn't handle the cold on our bare limbs anymore, we got a nod from the hostess and moved on inside to the plush Victorian ballroom, where a young jazz band was playing it up. Got a Ramos Gin Fizz for $8 or $12, not that it mattered, since this is the cost of one domestic bottled beer in some NYC bars.
The fizz had the perfect balance of ingredients. The egg white and cream didn't give me a headache, and the orange blossom flavor was dealt with a magician's touch so that it was neither too faint nor too strong.
A trip to the bathroom was a haunted experience, but not enough to make us run away, as we were too busy people watching the elite of the Tulane undergraduate community interact in their khakis, blazers, and floral prints.
Despite the plans we had ahead of us, we seriously regretted tearing ourselves away from here. We vowed to come back during the trip, but of course it was not in the stars for us. Next time. When we return, it'll be a homecoming.I learned a new term today: "Porch sitting".  Now granted, it needs to be said the way a southerner can roll it out which sounds more like "porch settin" to this Northern gal, but whatever you call it, the Columns Hotel is a great place to practice doing it.
We were in the Garden District admiring the beautiful homes and decided to stop and have a Bloody Mary on their broad porch and watch the world go by.  The front porch of this historic building has tables just perfect for"porch settin" and we went inside to the beautiful bar to order our drinks to take outside.
The bar is ornate, with tons of carved wood, crown moldings and original wallpaper all from a timeperiod that has long since passed.
The huge dark oak staircase anchors the hall and the rooms surrounding the entrance have celebrated many a celebration over the years.  And the bartender told me that the hotel is still functional welcoming guests each night.
But back to my porch.  As I sipped my drink and looked at the huge oak trees draped in Spanish moss around me, I thought of a time gone by and of those who sat and looked at the same scenery with eyes over the past 100 years.
Yep.  Porch settin.  I like the way that sounds.Seriously one of the best brunch experiences of my life.  A brunch like this would need a payment plan in my old beloved city of NYC.  In NO however you get the royal treatment (a 4 course brunch) for 32 bucks.  We walked right up and got the best table in the house seated directly front and center on their amazing patio.  As our waiter came by to offer us a mimosa an effing butterfly floated by on a breeze and landed in the GORGEOUS garden below.  I felt like I was dreaming.  The bartender knows his or her stuff and our drinks did not disappoint.  My dish was sort of a flaky birds nest with an egg nestled inside but was prepared to be eggs benedict.  It came with a side of alligator sausage which was delicious.  The prix fixe also came with a dessert.  I chose the cheesecake (which was awesome with a raspberry compote) and my husband got the strawberries and cream which were HEAVEN, and my friend got the chocolate brownie in a fudge sauce which was v. good but not my favorite of our table's selections (a bit too heavy for my taste but good).  When we finished our heavenly meal our waitress encouraged us to stay and enjoy our coffee as long as we liked.  It was the cherry on top of a perfect weekend....with some mother-effing butterflies...damn, I still feel like that part was a dream.It's a hotel but most people just come here for the food & drink, it's a beautiful old house right on St. Charles Ave and they do a nice (but expensive) Jazz Brunch as well as offering regular food service and having a bar area inside off the lobby.  The outdoor space is difficult to beat although the bar can also be good for drinks and a nice respite (and bathroom) during Mardi Gras parades.  Food is consistently average although I've had some good things such as pulled pork sliders which were recommended by the bartender - but you don't go to The Columns primarily for food though, it's definitely more about the cocktails and atmosphere.  Sometimes there's music and there are always discounted drinks during happy hour which is an even better way to enjoy The Columns, otherwise it's a bit pricey but truly a New Orleans experience for both locals and tourists alike.This is probably one of my favorite places. I love being uptown and this is as uptown as it gets. It's very classy and if you want a snack, they have a small selection of yummy dishes. 
I've always had a good time when I have come here. You just can't go wrong with this place.I was extremely disappointed with this establishment. I was invited here for drinks and appetizers. I waited in a long line and there was 1 bartender for a group of 100!  Then the appetizers were few a far between. When I asked if the food was peanut free, I was told everything could have peanut contamination.  This is highly unlikely but speaks to their disregard for any special consideration of patrons. 
But, I will tell you everyone was very nice and the food that was presented looked good, Wish I was able to eat any of it.  I think if you are going to do a corporate event, I would pick another place though. They lack the staff and way under provide food for corporate events.  I wasn't the only person from my group that had to buy dinner after an evening at the columns.This place is beautiful. You'll see that from the moment you start walking up the stairs. The interior is old timey even has a bit of an aged smell to it. Not bad just smells a bit antique. This is a great spot to bring a date and enjoy a nice cocktail over a somewhat intimate setting.Not only does this place have free live music, a great old time bar with plenty of old school cocktails,  they also have great food. They have a small but good menu featuring a huge $10 oyster poboy that will keep you coming back for more. Crowds a little stiff but the drinks are too.This review is solely based on the couple of hours I spent getting drinks here. In their defense, it was a rainy muggy day in NOLA, but sitting inside at the bar would have been a nightmare - it was old, stuffy, musty and smelly. The place is old and has a lot of character, which I definitely appreciate - some of the woodwork was gorgeous! However, I think the place can do a lot better with upkeep. 
We decided to sit outside, which felt way more fresh and is probably a great place for bruch on a sunny, lazy NOLA weekend. The place seemed to be home to a lot of European people, which made for great chatter and people watching. It is very weird that the patio only has these HUGE 8 people round tables - we had a whole table to 2 people while other people waited, which was SO strange. Better seating would definitely help. I had a mojito, which seemed very bitter, but my friend enjoyed it - so that's that. Cant remember what my friend got for her own drink, but she enjoyed that too - I will chalk this to being an off day for alcohol for me, lol! The cheese plate was very promising looking and pretty big, but honestly not very fresh - some of the grapes were definitely rotting.
Would I come back here? it seems like this place is a NOLA fav - can't think why, but I will give them the benefit of doubt and come back for brunch on a sunny day to see how I feel. Until then, I can't go beyond 2 stars!This was my favorite find in New Orleans!  Such a cool, historic house. Great for a cocktail and soaking up the Big Easy vibe and music.  So glad we found it!Honestly, the bar space is kind of a weird space to sit. But when you get over that, this place is a pretty nice time to spend a couple hours. Good drinks.I had high expectations from the chatter I've heard about this place. I liked the bar tenders and the drinks were mixed well. However, I felt like I was surrounded by college kids trying to act like they belong at the big kids table because they are using their dad's American Express card to buy Bud Light and shots. I felt like I was at The Boot. Being classy means going beyond wearing Ralph Lauren polo shirts.The bar at The Columns is beautiful and serves fantastic drinks at reasonable prices. We went there for drinks before walking over to La Petite Grocery for dinner, and it was one of the best evenings of our entire trip. The atmosphere is classy but relaxed, and the building is just gorgeous.The Columns is located in my favorite neighborhood in New Orleans. The streetcar rolls by and the people watching from the gracious front porch is always lots of fun! The bar serves one of the best Bloody Marys in town and the food is not bad either. My family booked two connecting rooms on the second floor and we enjoyed the quirky sloped floors, decor, and bathrooms. The hotel was a great choice for us!!Impressive colonial mansion with a generous and an inviting front porch embedded in the heart of the ever beautiful Garden District. The fire place, mock antique furniture, parquet flooring and Persian tapestries allude to a certain (former) majestic prestige. It is a shame that the pimply, middle class Tulane students in awkwardly-fitting suits and squeaky shoes ferrying to and from the bar in faux-sophistication contribute to creating the antonym of such a reverie.Now I remember why I never come here.  It's one of those places where the regs are so pretentious thinking they are better then everyone and the bartenders share the same attitude.  Shame because it's such a beautiful place.  Does need a bit of updating though.  It needs a "breath of fresh air" for sure.Being away from home and family on Christmas day, we decided to try a reveillon dinner in the hopes that it would be festive.  We  read that Albertine's was one of the best and since it was an easy cab ride from our hotel we made a reservation.  what a mistake!  We were seated in the tea room, all by ourselves and remained alone in that relatively large room for the entire meal.  We were never offered the option of one of the livelier dining rooms. By the way, we were appropriately dressed, unlike some of the people we saw being seated in the ballroom wearing t-shirts or windbreakers. Terrel, our server, was attentive and friendly and we had no complaints with the wait staff. But the food was nothing special... my fillet was gristly and cold. When I politely complained to the manager about our seating he was barely civil. The only people who apologized to us were the serving staff. We suggest you look elsewhere for a reveillon experience.The Columns has a little talked about Happy Hour from 4-7 each weekday that makes it a great places for an after work cocktail. 
I don't know if you consider "fancy drinking" as fun as the people I work with, but if you do this place is great. Plus you can do it on a budget!
They usually have events going inside but tables outside provide a beautiful setting and quite a bit of shade for the summer months. Unlike most bars, you don't have to yell over all the noise to talk to the people you are with and your clothes won't get that "bar stink" common to most establishments with happy hours. 
The Happy Hour is a great deal in and of itself. While I won't sit here and list out everything, the $2.50 well drinks and $3.50 martinis will always keep me "happy."
Some people prejudge this place as an over crowded tourist haunt and I am sure that is true during periods like Mardi Gras. However, on a week day night during the regular seasons, I think this is a perfect place for New Orleanians young and old. 
The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the outside waiters service can leave a little to be desired. The best deal is to by pass them (because they aren't going to stop and wait on you) and head straight to the bar to get your own beverages.This place is great for casual drinks with groups. They're open late on Fridays and Saturdays (2 am) and then 12 every other night. However, they do close when it slows down anytime after 10. Overall, the staff is very friendly. They have been consistent in their efforts in being personal with each and every patron (something pretty important to me). The reason I'm giving them four stars instead of five is only because of the food. The food is below average. For such a beautiful establishment one would hope and perhaps expect traditional Nola cuisine but they don't really deliver in this department, if you're a tourist you probably won't notice but as a local it's a crime to eat here. 5/5 for the bar and staff though. CheersI love having a drink on the porch of this gorgeous house turned hotel and pretend I am sipping a mint julep in the old South.
This is one of my favorite spots to hang Uptown and definitely a great place whether you want to get a drink on date, or with a group of friends.  If the weather is a little too hot for your liking, you can always sit inside, just be aware that it fills up fast.
Also, they do have wait service, but most of the time you are better off getting your own drink at the bar, if you are in any kind of hurry.
Also, I was actually lucky enough to know someone who was staying here years ago, so I got to take a look at one of the rooms.  It was huge and gorgeous and had a real "old" New Orleans feel.  I do some modeling and I would love to do a shoot there someday, but I digress.
This would be a great place to stay if you are traveling to the city on your honeymoon or just on a vacation.Cool rooms but breakfast is underwhelming. Cocktails decent. They use cheap cherries for old fashion. Go elsewhere unless you're desperate.Had a really disappointing experience here. Came for drinks that one of our party remembered to be very good the last time he came. We were served our drinks without the middle mint, saying they didn't have any and if we didn't like the drinks we could get new ones. We were surprised but agreed to try the drinks before making our decision. They were cloyingly sweet without the mint to provide some kind of counterpoint so we waited for the waitress to come around again so we could order something better. That didn't happen so I went inside to order our other drinks. Received our drinks and didn't have much trouble until it was time to pay our bill. We were waiting far too long and finally one of our party went inside to settle the bill. The mint-less drinks were on our bill! At $10 each for drinks we only had a sip of to know we didn't like them, this was unacceptable. Thinking it was a simple mistake we asked to speak with our waitress and then with the head bartender. We were told that this drink (The St Charles Breeze) "did the job" and basically that we shouldn't have had a problem with it. After 15 minutes of talking back in forth we finally said we would pay the bill as is but they better take the $20 off to give as a tip to our waitress, because in no way should we have had to pay for those. If we had stayed another 30 min I'm guessing we could've had it sorted, but why on earth should it have taken this long?? This experience left a bad taste in all our mouths and we won't be returning.I had a dream last night that I was sipping an ice cold dirty martini on the front porch of the Columns Hotel on a hot and sticky New Orleans summer evening.  I don't know if I was dreaming this because I constantly ache for New Orleans or because I constantly ache for a cocktail now that I am pregnant and abstaining.  Either way, I woke up feeling sad and nostalgic.
I haven't eaten at the Columns and haven't stayed there but I sure have visited the bar a number of times.  While pricey, the cocktails are very large and well-mixed.  The view from the front porch is stunning, overlooking St. Charles and the trolley line.  If its uncomfortably hot or humid outside, the indoor bar area is fancy and antique-like.  Overall, its very pleasant and old-world New Orleans.This is a story called, "A Rainy Sunday Brunch on the Columns Hotel Front Porch."
We ducked in for brunch to escape the rain on Sunday.  The maitre'd offered us a wet table or the one by the door, saying that that was the only one available.  OK, we took the one next to the door.  Three minutes later, one of the inside tables left and no one ever replaced them.  Why didn't he offer the dry table indoors?  
The menu was poorly laid out and did not say that the brunch was prix fixe, which is fine, but it would have been good to know that given that we read over the menu and waited well over 10 minutes for the waiter to greet us.  When he finally did greet us, we had to ask him to explain how the menu works and if there were any specials.  Isn't that his job?  Why did we have to ask?
We ordered mimosas.  The waiter brought over our old-timey, charming champagne glasses, you know, the ones that are wide and shallow and help the bubbles diffuse faster?  Yeah, those.  Then, he proceeded to mix our mimosas at the table using a bottle of Tropicana and a bottle of cheap champagne, which had perspired and dripped water all over my bread plate.  It was incredibly tacky, especially for a $30++ meal.
Speaking of the bread, the maitre d' brought us bread immediately upon seating.  He laid out FIVE short, cold french loaves and some cold butter.  Why do two people need FIVE loaves of bread?
When we asked about certain items on the menu, the waiter responded with a bunch of "I really don't know's," and few confident suggestions.
The crab, corn and brie bisque was very very good. It was creamy, but not too rich.  I liked that the portion size wasn't for an army.  
We ordered salads, but the waiter forgot to bring them out and brought our entrees.  He'd forgotten who ordered what and laid them on the table with the meat facing the wrong direction.
We reminded him of the salads and then he brought them.  The meal was delicious, though, to be honest.  The crab & crawfish cakes were rather rich, and would be well balanced if they put a few baby greens on the plate, but they were excellent.  The german beef & veggie special was down-home tasting and yummy.  The salads were fresh and well-presented.
Then, for desserts.  He brought back the giant menus for us to read the three desserts they were offering, obviously because his brain was fried and he couldn't be bothered to memorize them.  He brought out the desserts in no time, but didn't bother to notice that we'd need utensils.  So, we sat staring at our lovely desserts until he returned with someone else's food.
While we were dining, we overheard our waiter talking (in a boasting sort of way) about how he'd worked another job until 5:30am that morning.   
Overall, I would not recommend The Columns for Sunday Brunch.  I think for drinks at night it would be lovely, though I can't say I've been in ages.  For brunch, the service was LOUSY, the food was pretty good, though they could improve upon the bread service, and the host could use some training.  I'm giving it 2 stars: 1 for the food and 1 for the decor and nice jazz guitar action.Beautiful venue in need a some maintenance with passable food a decent drinks.  I was served the smallest steak I have ever been served with some medicare fries.  The bar inside was cool though this place needs some TLC before its physical decline becomes irreversible.Look, bartenders.  You work at the Columns. Not Gramercy Park Rose Bar. Not the Ritz Paris Hemingway Bar. There's no need to be rude. There's no need to be stuck up. Unfortunately, I have to show up at this place every once-in-a-while, but keep snubbing, and your tip only gets lower.  It's bad enough the drinks are okay, and over priced. It's the Columns. It's not something out of this world.  You're not all that. Get over yourselves.I'd been to The Columns on a previous visit to New Orleans and was anxious to go back with my daughter, niece and sister.  It was not a good experience.  We arrived for our 11:00 brunch reservation on time.  There was no one else seated on the porch.  Most of the tables are set up for larger parties but they were willing to accommodate us, or so I thought.  The host merely removed a few chairs leaving the 4 of us to sit huddled together on one side of the table.  We moved the chairs ourselves to give us all a little breathing room.  The host then proceeded to, literally, throw a pile of silverware towards us and left.  I then noticed we were seated at the only table that didn't have one of the beautiful floral center pieces on it.
Three of us ordered the ambrosia.  It had way too much coconut and walnuts.  My crab cake didn't taste like crab, it was pretty tasteless.  My creme brûlée, however, was delicious.
I won't be going back.  It is a beautiful spot so that's too bad.  I'd go back if it was just the food I was disappointed with, but the rudeness of the host was inexcusable.Great atmosphere, ruined by the overwhelmingly meh crowd.
The clientele on Friday night consisted of what appeared to be characters straight out of a Bret Easton Ellis novel... possibly including Patrick Batemen himself, seated right next to us, going on about how dare teachers bitch about their salaries when they get three months off a year (what teachers does *he* know, pray tell? Maybe the one he butchered the night before?) So, I'm not going out on a limb here to say that his group of friends who were cheering him on deserve to be deemed thoroughly despicable. I won't make such sweeping generalizations about the rest of the crowd but it seemed like they'd all be cronies forever, with regular gatherings on a giant yacht somewhere, (if not perpetually haunting the poor Columns Hotel). 
Forced to go inside for drinks because the waitress seemed taken with the table of dumbasses next to us, I overheard dudes everywhere trying to impress the ladies, going on about how successful they are (I don't think I saw a single person over 23, so I wonder how this can be, unless Daddy's in oil). Major ick factor everywhere. But it's just so so nice! I mean, Pretty Baby was shot here! The aesthetic may still be Storyville bordello but all I could see around me was American Psycho. Not right. Not cool. Bring back the cheap whores! At least they dressed better. And most likely were not Republicans.
I can't imagine why the Columns Hotel has to be overrun with such a crowd. It pains me to write this review because I had such high hopes for it. I mean, the expansive front porch and side patio areas make for idyllic sipping of beverages. Should be a great place for a date, right? No. Not unless you're both under 25 and voting Romney.I really only know Columns as a bar, and it is a great one to go to. Unfortunately, it can get pretty crowded, especially on weekends. But they make some pretty tasty cocktails and for a nice hotel bar, it is not too pricey. Have had some great French Martinis and their "Pretty Baby" is a pink drink that is named after the movie which was filmed at the hotel. The only draft they have is Abita Amber, but they have a decent selection of bottled beer. They also have $20 bottles of champagne. Definitely worth checking out.Great place to stop for a drink if you are visiting the Garden District.  Very nice historic hotel and very cool bar.  Also great place to hang outside and enjoy the beautiful grounds.  Did not stay at the hotel, but have been here many times for drinks.Great location for a drink while sitting on their spacious front porch and watching the happenings on St. Charles.  Especially nice when it's raining and you can enjoy relaxing in the NOLA air while staying dry thanks to the columns-supported overhang.  Short walk to Commander's, the Rink, etc.  Perfect for an overcast weekend afternoon.I had a Junior League of New Orleans meeting here. The service was outstanding and the food was great.This place has the worst bartenders and waitresses in New Orleans.  They are rude and slow.The gorgeous setting and upscale ambiance make this a pretty place to catch a drink. I'm in a book group that meets in the private room next to the lobby desk and it's one of the best venues for such a group.
The prices can be high, but Happy Hour brings the cost down a bit. 
On a warm spring day, sit out on the front patio and have a cocktail while pretending you're living in the 1800s... definitely worth the experience for tourists and locals alike.Felt very Southern-y sipping on Mint Juleps, Ramos Gin Fizzes, and Bloody Marys on the porch of this charming hotel overlooking St. Charles.  Enjoyed my great company as we watched the streetcars pass by and soaked up the warm evening breeze.  Was a nice change of pace and scenery from the bars we had been going to in NOLA.This is a really cool place to hang out for a drink.  As visitors, we were looking for an experience that was uniquely NOLA, and I think we got it.  I've had some cool experiences in Miami, but this was really unique.  The drink prices were good too.This is one of my favorite bars in the city! I have been going here since I moved here in 2009, usually for happy hour. The atmosphere is truly amazing - both outside looking out at the streetcar, or inside with the awesome decor. I love sitting at the bar, and the bartenders are always friendly and great to chat with. They have mostly all been there for years. 
The happy hour changed in the last year or two, but it is still awesome! From 5-7pm daily, its $3 wells, $4 house wines, either $1 or $2 off all wines, and some beer special (personally, I don't drink beer). I haven't had a ton of things on the food menu, but everything I have tried has been great!   
I always bring visitors here and everyone loves it -- It will get really crowded Fri/Sat nights so seating will be limited. Definitely check it out!I've been to the columns a few times and have a good experience every time, I always get a delicious French 75 and after two I'm ready to continue the night. The Columns is more of somewhere you would start an evening instead of end it. It is also a great no-pressure place to go on a date!This place smack in the middle of St Charles Avenue is drenched in old New Orleans personality, and the staff is friendly and accommodating (if moderately incompetent). But aside from that there's nothing to recommend this hotel. 
The building is 130 years old and she looks it. While we can say the badly sagging floors and cracked tile are part of the old fashioned charm, there are many other things that give The Columns a shabby feel, that could easily be changed.  
For instance, it would make a difference if they would even upgrade their towels, or offer higher end shampoos and soaps. For a bigger impact, lets replace the old dim light fixtures, badly faded carpet, 20 year old televisions, hard flat pillows, etc etc etc. 
Then there's the complimentary breakfast. It's awful, top to bottom. The pineapple and cantelope fruit salad was crunchy like apples. The grits were gluey. The "cheese" omelet also had peppers and onions in it, and the cheese was Velveeta. Gross. Velveeta! It was also the flattest, saddest omelet I've ever been served in a restaurant. The sausage patty was grey and oddly flavored. The coffee was typical New Orleans mud, which I guess some people like. And the presentation was what you'd expect in a diner. A cheap diner.
I understand the owners have been running this place exactly the same way for 20+ years. They have a large flock of customers who keep coming back year after year to enjoy its prime location on St Charles, snd who apparently don't mind the flaws. In the face of nice cash flow and minimal complaints, the owners apparently never take a look around and ask themselves how they could make it better. It's too bad.
Bottom line, the charm of the place is enough to make it tolerable for a night but I wouldn't stay here more than that. Or come back for another stay.We give them 5 stars for hospitality. Over the top with taking care of us. They even let me check into my room at 630a so I could nap and shower after a red eye flight. 
We give 3-4 stars for bed quality and the loud AC unit. But seriously, the place makes you feel like you are back in time in the old south. Would definitely go back. Awesome free breakfast.The front porch is the place to be on a hot afternoon with so good cocktails.  As with most things, come early because seating on the porch fills up after 4:00pm.  The do server food, but we only had drinks so I'm not sure how it is.Great place to stop & grab a drink in the garden district. Happy hour specials were good. I got a Pimm's cup & she got $2 off a glass of wine. Its right off the St. Charles street car line and was easy to find. Inside the lobby was fantastic, it was like stepping back into time, and the bar was just as nice with a wood burning fireplace, & friendly staff. It was winter so we stayed inside to keep warm but I am sure sitting on the porch on a nice day would be great too.Best happy hour in New Orleans! House wines, well mixed drinks, and domestic beers at half price 5-7 pm weeknights. How can you beat $2.50 for a glass of wine? 
The mansion itself is gorgeous, a must-see for tourists and a staple for this long-time resident.The Columns is very much classic New Orleans. It's a great place to stop in for drinks with friends. They also serve food but I have never ordered any. I've gone here a few times now and the staff is always friendly and drinks are pretty good.  The place itself is beautiful. I like it most during Christmas time when it's lit up and decorated. So beautiful!I actually came here because I saw all the great reviews on Yelp!
I went for Sunday brunch in December, during a NYE 2012 trip.
PROS:
- The food. This is the biggest selling point. We got the Sunday brunch, which included a glass of champagne or a mimosa, and four courses, including soup, salad, entree and dessert. On such a cold day, the gumbo was extremely hearty and warmed me up immediately. It was divine. My salad with beets was phenomenal, and my crab cakes were gigantic and very well-seasoned. The creme brulee wasn't that good though - it was mushy. 
- The venue itself: It's extremely beautiful; it was nice to wander throughout different rooms and see the different decors. 
- Service: Our servers were quite attentive and let us leisurely brunch, without pressuring us to leave; they allowed us to take our time. 
CONS:
- The "jazz" musician: I don't know what instrument he was playing (some type of guitar maybe?), and he definitely wasn't playing jazz. It sounded like soothing classical music. It was OK, but since it's advertised as a "jazz brunch," that's what we were expecting. 
OTHER TIDBITS:
- As of December 2012, the St. Charles streetcar service doesn't run all the way from Columns Hotel to the French Quarter/CBD, so if you're coming from the east take a bus to get there. 
- I had a great time. The brunch was my first meal on this trip, and it was also my best and most memorable. Great value for the price and just really good food in general. I highly recommend a trip here for the brunch.