This was the first time we were able to secure a reservation at the sought after Commander's Palace and it was well worth the trip to NOLA! The atmosphere was lively-but not too loud. The team waiting on us was efficient and friendly. Two of us opted for the price fixe and two wanted to order a la carte-which is frowned upon by chefs due to inconsistent course timing for diners--but they allowed it. Between all of the food/drink- each and every item-except the angel food/lime curd dessert- was well above par. The crafted cocktails and wine pairings were excellent as well--but beware of the absinthe-it will literally have you seeing double!So happy my friend suggested this restaurant to me a few days before our NOLA visit AND that they had a 9:15 reservation still available on a Friday night. The atmosphere is unique in that you feel like you're dining on The Titanic or with Nucky Thompson in Boardwalk Empire. I typically find old school restaurants in the south to feel cheesy and just out dated but this one was different...hard to explain but I promise it works!! So now the food....oh man! The food! Had the best turtle soup I have ever had. So rich and so savory. Each spoonful made me rave about this exquisite soup to the point that my husband was just laughing every time he looked up from his bisque (which was good but not as grand as mine!). Oh and the truffle risotto with the most generous serving of soft shell crab was good enough to be your last meal on this great green earth. Can't say enough wonderful things about this gem. The people watching was fabulous as well. ;-) Loved it loved it loved and will go back every single trip we take to the Big Easy. Worth every penny and more.Great food and is worth every penny! This is a great place to eat for a special occasion and make sure you ask to eat in the garden room!  Must try the strawberry dessert( u have to order 20 min ahead though!)I'm a picky person, but this place is amazing! Our Parisian server was very polite. Extremely friendly and caring yet knows his place, unlike some servers who would tap your shoulder and call you babe  or acting snobby / condescending. The servers here actually notice smallest details like how many ice cubes are in your cup. The food was great too! I highly recommend turtle soup.Excellent dinner and atmosphere for our anniversary. From valet drop off to pick up, we had a fantastic time. The staff was very attentive and helpful. Eric, Elliott, and Brett were more than on top of things. We had the three cheese platter, pecan crusted fish, creme brûlée, and peach and bourbon cake for dessert. The manager greeted us and made sure we were being taken care of. Everything about our experience, especially the service, was elegant and refined. Would definitely recommend for any special occasion or just to treat yourself.We came here for a bachelorette party, and I can say it did not disappoint.  I had the turtle soup because hey, when in New Orleans.... right?!  Anyway, the soup was interesting. I'm a gumbo kind of gal, but again, why come here and not try something new.  I had the pecan crusted gulf fish as my main entree and it was amazing. Moist, buttery, fried to perfection. I did get a side of grits which were delicious too, but good Lord the portion size was huge.  Now on to the dessert.  By this point I felt like I couldn't eat anything else.  I was a good sport though and tried my bread pudding soufflé.... poor me, I know. Again, it did not disappoint.  It's not your traditional bread pudding. It's bread pudding baked into a soufflé. Light and airy, very moist. All around it was a great experience; food and service were excellent.  And shout out to McKenna...All the reviews, tv shows, news articles and word of mouth are completely right about Commander's Palace, it is as good as it gets!
Our party of six recently went there for my birthday lunch on a fine Sunday morning ready to see what all of the hubbub was about. When I walked in I was greeted with a happy birthday by the maitre d' and lead to our table on the second floor past multiple James Beard awards conveniently located for me to look at while I walk up the steps. I even took the time to take a picture of one of them to post to Yelp.
I knew I was in for an excellent experience when the server switched out my white cloth napkin to a black cloth napkin to match my dark suit. I never had that done before which I thought was very cool. Since it was Sunday brunch the menu was set up to a three course meal. A soup or salad followed by the main course and ending with dessert. 
The drinks were mixed well, I went with a bloody Mary. I believe that since I went with Graygoose instead of the house vodka I did not get my vodka encased in ice. I'll make sure I do that next time. Our table also had a poinsettia which is cranberry juice and champagne, which was an interesting mixture. We also had the complimentary garlic bread which everyone devoured, because it tasted so good.
For my meal I went with the very much talked about turtle soup with sherry. The soup was very tasty and fulfilling. My wife had the gumbo which was also very good. Up next we had our main course. The wife had the Pecan crusted gulf fish with crushed sweet corn sauce, that was probably the best fish meal we have ever had. The fish was fresh, seasoned well, very juicy and pared well with the cream sweet corn sauce. I had to stop her from licking her plate clean so that we didn't make a scene there. I ordered the Lamb & Egg, which was cooked and seasoned just right, with the right mixture of sweet potato, tomatoes and an egg. Both of our main dishes were fantastic and we really enjoyed them.
Lastly we had our desserts, since it was my birthday they put a candle on Bananas Foster Flambé and gave me a birthday chef's hat. Our table sang happy birthday and I made my wish of having more Yelp experiences. For my wife's dessert she had the Creole Bread Pudding Soufflé which was very smooth and satisfying, especially with the extra sauce that they add to it. We all finished up with some complimentary Bourbon Milk Punch's in shot glasses, that went down pretty smooth. Afterwards I had a coffee to complement the dessert.
Overall the food was fantastic, the service was great. I loved it how the servers would line up and place everyones plates down before them at the same time. Also the servers were very attentive and kept our glasses filled. You couldn't ask for better service at a restaurant, including the fun in-house three member band playing New Orleans tunes for us to dine to, truly a unique experience. 
Before we left we asked for tour of the kitchen which the manager was very happy to show us. Since the kitchen was open we could walk over and see all the kitchen in action. Not once did anyone have any bad looks, the people in the back were just nice.
We were able to walk into the court yard and take some pictures by the fountain. Next a very large fellow introduced himself by the name of Big Jim. Jim lead us to the a garden area behind the fountain and was very happy to take pictures for us in front of a giant leafy plant that had the sun shining on it just right. He was a very nice guy and said happy birthday to us.
I have been coming to New Orleans for years and finally I got a chance to come here, I'm so glad I finally did. I will try to come back to New Orleans faster, so that I can enjoy another fine meal and experience at Commander's Palace.Was visiting NOLA this past weekend from San Francisco and came here on Saturday for the Jazz Brunch. Ordered the shrimp and tasso henican for my starter, wagyu beef for my entree and pecan pie for dessert. Service was great and the live performers were terrific. One of the best meals and dining experiences I've had in a very long time.A legend for a reason.  We had a drink at the bar first, which involves walking through the kitchen.  Bartender made us some great cocktails, and gave us good menu recommendations.  Service was impeccable but not stuffy.  The pecan-crusted gulf fish was delicious, and the side of grits was generous and tasty.Commander's Palace was recommended by everyone. Our friends (local and not), our concierge, tour guides, other guests and our guidebooks all recommended Commander's Palace as one of the best restaurants in New Orleans. Rarely does a restaurant stand up to such great reviews.
Commander's Palace exceeded all the great reviews and our expectations. It was my wife's birthday, we wanted something special and it was.
The service is on par with the best restaurants we have ever experienced. The greeting as we walked in was warm, friendly and obviously programmed. The introduction of the wait staff was professional and friendly. The attentiveness was impressive.
The menu was creative and local. We always prefer local.
The food was fabulous. The turtle soup and grilled gulf fish were our favorites.
Two drawbacks. Our waiter was so helpful, we couldn't get ride of him. He wanted to go over every item on the menu with us. The other was that we were seated in a small room with no open windows (they were covered over with heavy drapes). It was like we had been sent to our room to have dinner away from the other guests. 
We will never miss an opportunity to dine at the Commander's Palace.Amazing food. Went for lunch and had the turtle soup and a salad. Both were excellent! Then some dark chocolate for dessert!!! My friend and I had throughly enjoyed it!Came here for a large group party and the food was amazing and the service was impeccable. Lorenzo was the best!  You must come here.Our experience at the famous Commander's Palace somehow surpassed my expectations, which were already of legendary proportions. Reservations allowed us to sit in the upper room with elegant furnishings and large floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the mighty Garden District oak trees. We ordered the lunch specials and made full use of the 3-$0.25 martinis that  may accompany the meal. We enjoyed the delicious gumbo and turtle soup as appetizers, Chicory-lacquered quail and Almond-crusted Catfish for the main lunch course, and both shared the epic bread pudding for dessert. I didn't feel quite as classy waddling out of there after all of this deliciousness (probably stumbling a bit too from the 3 martinis - which are STRONG), but I was very happy: happy to have experienced lunch at such a historic institution and also to know that sometimes legends do live up to the hype (for about $50 for 2 hungry & thirsty patrons).This was my second visit to Commanders Palace. I enjoy dining at a restaurant that has a dress code. It reminds me of an era when people looked at fine dining as something special and a reason to get dressed up for. The food did not disappoint, as expected. I enjoyed the turtle soup, again. But what was most memorable was Ti Martin stopping by our table.  I instantly recognized her and explained to my Mother a brief history of the restaurant.  When she made her way to our table, I immediately began to tell her about my first experience at Commanders Palace and how I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  She was such a pleasure.  She seemed so genuine and easy to talk to.  I have to admit, I was a bit star struck.  To have a female at the helm of a very successful and lucrative business that was steeped in history is absolutely phenomenal.  To my surprise, she 'gifted' us with a complimentary dessert.  I was pleasantly surprised and grateful.  It showed me that she really cares about the people who dine in her restaurant.  And that is exactly why any time I'm in New Orleans I will be dining at Commanders Palace.Commander's Palace is definitely on my top 3 favorite places I have eaten at! My husband and I both had the Autumn Offerings. I wish one person could order off the regular menu instead of everyone at your table has to have the tasting menu. I really wanted to try the Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish but next time I will order that. Both of us really enjoyed each course and the flavors were excellent! The price of $90 pp is really a great price for the selection of food. Each tasting was delicious! Service was excellent. We will be back when we are in New Orleans again.I'm ashamed to say I've only been here for dessert and drinks.  The place is seriously expansive, room after room after room.  One of the few restaurants in the city you'll feel seriously underdressed in jeans.  Famous for the creation of many cocktail classics, Commander's is worth a visit for the drink menu alone... although the bar is kind of tucked away and geared towards dining customers.This place is amazing. Four days later and still can't stop comparing every other restaurant to it. Wonderful wait staff that took time to treat us like part of the family. Gave great recommendations for local places that were not the tourist trap gimmicky stuff. The atmosphere of the restaurant was elegant causal and I am glad they have a dress code. The food was cooked to perfection. Best gulf fish I have ever had. Husband had the filet and with his first cut of the steak you could see the meat melt. Amazing. The dessert lemon cookie dough blueberry cobbler was something created in heaven. 
We went because Emeril was trained there. So it was cool to see that. We then went a few nights later to Emerils restaurant on st  Charles--- that was joke compared to
Commanders place.  If you want high quality tourist food go to Emerils. If you want amazing high quality food and dinning experience go to COMMANDERS PALACELoved this place. Its such a great New Orleans experience. The jazz band wanders the room as you eat and they are fantastic. Best items we ate: the eggs benedict (best I've ever had) and the turtle soup. Also enjoyed shrip+grits and gumbo. Tomato salad was a bit 'bleh' - hard mozza + not so great tomatoes. Service was fantastic - love when restaurants serve everyone at the table at the exact same time. 
Have to dress up (but there were a handful of folks in nice jeans with polos/belts/closed shoes). Our group of ladies wore leather sandals (not plastic flip flops) with our dresses and had no issue.Best special occasion restaurant, beautiful atmosphere, good food and excellent service.Loved this place!  After a disappointing dinner at Galatoires, my faith is fine dining was restored after my dinner at Cammander's Palace.   The service was excellent and the food was excellent.   The softshell crab was exceptional.  The garden room was beautiful! 
well worth the expense!Great service and well done food but it's a little too hyped up/pretentious for my tastes. If you don't mind one of those traditional Southern restaurants that stands on pomp and circumstance come here. But I prefer a more relaxed atmosphere. Who enjoys getting stared judgily head to toe from the servers when you walk in? (and no, I wasn't wearing anything remotely tacky or cheap. My outfit was near four figures). Not to mention that whole green sash that they lay on the table to let people know you are "someone special" is annoying BS. WHO CARES?! Esp when this place used to be a brothel. Yes. That's right. Pretense at the site of a whorehouse. Okay...Totally worth the splurge! Incredible five-star service, great atmosphere and a true gem in New Orleans. 
I can't even review the entrees because dessert totally overwhelmed anything else they served. They have hands down the best bread pudding soufflé in the world. Do not leave without ordering this! The flavor, texture and consistency is so amazing and drool worthy.
The service here was super attentive and responsive. We got a tour of the restaurant afterwards and it was so fun learning about the different dining areas and clientele and owners of the restaurant.
Will definitely come back if I ever am in the area again.We had the pleasure of eating at the Chef's Table in March. Argyle was our sommelier and Luke cooked for us. I won't go into details of every course but being a foodie and a lover of fine spirits I can say that this was the best meal and drink pairing I have had in my entire life. I am ruined as every place I go now can't compare with the food, drink and PERFECT service we received that night. 
This is the one experience that should be one everyone's bucket list. We are already planning our next visit around getting a reservation for the Chef's Table!My brother and I were here in late-February for lunch and I was most impressed by the service as well as the food.  I started with a glass of Sangria, which was perfect in flavor. I opted for the 3-course Creole Luncheon, which included Turtle Soup, Barbecued Gulf Shrimp, and Creole Bread Pudding Souffle for dessert.  The food quality was excellent, served by a well-orchestrated staff.  The manager came around to each table to greet and chat with everyone while we were there.  I would highly recommend Commander's Palace as a great New Orleans dining experience!Commanders Palace was an experience like no other! The service in this establishment was beyond professional and courteous. Everyone was friendly and extremely polite. We even met one of the owners, Lally. She was gracious and welcoming. The staff even replaced our ice water just because the ice melted before we got a chance to drink the water. Wow! Now, the food was excellent! 1. The Turtle Soup, 2. The shrimp, and 3. The Pig n Peach were beyond delicious! The dessert was decadent The cocktails were also blended nicely. Overall, the experience at Commander's Palace was a great one! Indeed!Commander's Palace is located in the Garden District is a great old building. The atmosphere is great and definitely has the Louisiana charm that you are looking for in a place. The food was excellent and the service was even better. We had the pan roasted sea scallops and crawfish risotto, and they paired great with the L&L Vodka Collins cocktail!In NOLA for a catering conference so with all the hype I had to try this place. Being as I was traveling solo the superior service was even more appreciated. I was greeted with an amuse from the Chef - Brie and truffled mushroom on brioche. Then I went with the Shrimp and Tasso henican - great contrast of spicy crystal hot sauce and sweet 5 pepper jelly. If you like spicy with sweet than get this app! Next, turtle soup - classic and hearty. And then the Red Snapper - Ok I hyped it up in my head and it still delivered. Prepared with this tomato butter sauce - on point!  Leah was an awesome server. Compliments to Chef Tory.Just amazing, from the decor to the view to the atmosphere to the service and THE FOOD. I went with 5 girls for my bridal shower brunch and everything we had was delicious (there was a lot of spoon passing). I hear they have a 25 cent martini lunch special that seems absolutely worth the visit.If you are looking for a really fancy meal I recommend trying Commanders. The staff is very friendly. We had a great time with our server, Troy. We chose to do the chefs playground which was an 8 course small plate dinner. It allowed us to try more food that way. The wine list is great too. There is a dress code but you don't have to get too fancy. I loved the outdoor courtyard so you can dine under sting lights and beautiful trees.Stinking amazing. Service is maybe the best I have ever experienced. Everyone stops what they're doing when you walk in and they look you in the eye and greet you. And, for my wife's birthday they had balloons on her chair. Nice touch.
The food was absolutely incredible. I got the turtle soup (had to...so good!) and the wife got the trio of soups. The gumbo is perhaps the best in the city. And the 3rd soup was a sweet potato bisque which was shockingly amazing...smoky and delish.
I got the candy-apple laquered quail stuffed with boudin. What can I say? It's a death-row type of meal. Wifey got the pecan-crusted gulf fish. She couldn't finish it all...so good. And we shared the bread pudding souffle for dessert which was slap ya mama good.
All in all, maybe the top 3 dining experiences I have ever had...that's from New Orleans to San Fran...and Paris to NYC.Given all the hype of this place, we couldn't pass trying it on our first week long visit to New Orleans. We had already tried so much good food in the city and were very excited about ending our trip with a bang (given all the hype). I have to say, I was a little disappointed and am not sure what all the fuss is about. The food is edible but I wouldn't call it "amazing" or "to die for". It was just okay... there's so many better places to eat in the city but as a tourist, I couldn't pass up the experience. 
-Commanders salad: it was good in the beginning but started to get a little too heavy and rich for me. The salad is huge and they definitely load up on the dressing, cheese, and bacon. Splittable between 2 people.
-Turtle soup: my finace said it was just okay.
-Gulffish with veggies and rice: again, just okay.
-Steak: my least favorite part of the meal. I wasn't digging the flavors... it left a funky aftertaste in my mouth.
-Souffle: it was good.. but ive had better desserts...
overall, good and fun experience to check out the place and see what all the fuss was about. but now that ive done it, i have no desire to eat there again... if im ever back in NOLA.Had dinner here last night.  First of all, let me say the service is the best I've ever experienced.  The entire staff.  You feel a bit like Lord Grantham returning from a trip.  The entire staff greets you as you walk to your table.  
The food was just okay.  The gumbo was a bit gelatinous.  And looked exactly like the turtle soup.  The fried oyster appetizer was cold.  The beef filet was pretty good, but for $40 it should be.  
The bread pudding soufflé wasn't what I remembered from my last visit.  It was pale and a little slippery.  Mostly light browned meringue.
All in all.  The building is beautiful.  The staff and service is incredible.  But the actual food?  Meh.Commander's Palace is top notch.  From the service, to the decor, to the food - everything here is perfect!
What first drew me in is that fact that you can get $.25 martinis at lunch during the week (limit 3), then I started reading through the menu and the reviews online and knew that we had to go here.  
For an appetizer, my boyfriend got the gumbo du jour that had andouille sausage and chicken in it, which he raved about.  (I wasn't a huge fan.)  For entrees, I got the gnocchi in a truffle cream sauce with mushrooms and a side of champagne poached crab and he got the filet special (came with mashed potatoes and crispy onion straws).  We were both blown away by how delicious everything was.   The gnocchi were cooked perfectly and while the portion looked small, it was quite filling.  The filet was cooked perfectly and whatever was in the mashed potatoes was absolute heaven. 
Just as we were about to pop, the bread pudding souffle came out.  This was probably the best dessert I've ever eaten.  The souffle looked beautiful and was warm and soft like a cloud; the sweet icing sauce stuff (technical name) was absolutely fantastic.
This was definitely one of the best meals we had while in New Orleans!  Highly recommended!Came here for lunch on Saturday. Unfortunately the 25 cents martitni deal is only on the weekdays. The way the pricing works was that we paid for the entree and it came with an appetizer and dessert. Not sure if you could just get an entree by itself or not. 
Every dish we had was amazing. We tried the turtle soup and gumbo. My favorite dish was the lobster frittata. I am usually not a dessert person but the souffle with whiskey cream was amazing. Worth the extra $3!
Only negative comment I have is that our waitress sucked. Not once did she come to check on us. I was expecting good service at a place like this but that didn't happen.Our server, Roch, was phenomenal. My drinks were brought out perfectly as ordered and the food was absolutely fantastic. Roch paid extra special attention to making sure our drinks and food were brought, and placed, exactly as ordered. 
A special thank you to Roch, and also our server's assistant, Fredrik. Our meal, martinis/cocktails, and service were absolutely awesome. 
Thank you, again, Commander's, for making my best friends/graduates' brunch an amazing one.Over rated, high priced.  Tourist trap that uses its historical reputation to gain new customers instead of making tasty quality food.I feel like I have to give this place at least four stars and it bothers me that I'm giving it only two.  The food was good, but for $120 for 2 meals and 2 glasses of wine, it had better damn well be good!
The waiter was friendly enough at first, but then seemed a bit off-put because I asked him if I could substitute an entree in the prix fixe menu. I figured I couldn't but he wasn't particularly helpful after I asked and even made a slightly condescending suggestion.  All the fixe prix entrees had red meat, which I don't eat... even the one seafood option was coated in bone marrow.  Great concept, but not for me.  
When I asked if I could get it sans marrow or another fish instead, he then proceeded to read off some of the other fish menu items that didn't contain marrow.  Thanks, ass, but I can do that myself.  A polite "no" would have sufficed. Or, better yet, check with the damn kitchen!  No big deal, no fixe prix for me!!
That said, my seafood gumbo tasted suspiciously like the turtle soup (I'm now fairly certain they brought me the wrong soup appetizer).  It was just ok.  My fish entree, however, was fantastic. It was a very local, fresh catch and tasted like it. It was cooked PERFECTLY!!  Also came with some veggies and stuff that were tasty as well.
I didn't get the dessert, but my buddy did.  Some type of homemade praline ice cream.  It was ok, not any better than a pint of Ben and Jerry's honestly.  In fact, the dessert selections were quite limited and were mostly ice creams.  
All in all, I'm glad I finally checked this place off my list. Everyone talks about it.  Food is good, but I'm fairly certain you could do it yourself for a mere fraction of the price, and probably get it elsewhere for at least half the price.  And the atmosphere was quite pedestrian as well... stuffy, boring, nothing like Gallatoire's.   Maybe the weekend brunches are better, but this place really isn't all that.  I won't go back.Great service and GREAT bread pudding soufflé. The decor and ambience is like something out of the early 20th centuryI booked a Sunday jazz brunch for my husbands birthday.  I realized that I was not going to make our 11:00 reservation so I called commanders palace to see if I could move it to 11:15 or 11:30. I waited a bit on hold, but when Jimmy came on the phone he was awesome, he was not only able to accommodate my request, he offered some friendly advice on what to do while in NOLA, since we were coming from out of town, true southern hospitality.  When we arrived we were greeted and escorted to our table.  The service was great from start to finish the food was even better and the music was a plus. Be prepared it is pricy but well worth it.What can be said that hasn't already been said?  This place is a food  blessing from heaven upon the earth.  Beautiful restaurant!  You pass through the kitchen which is an experience in itself. Then drinks in the courtyard...gorgeousness.. Then the food itself.  I had the shrimp Heniken and crawfish gnocchi.  Both are appetizers but between the two of them I was full. Ok.  Let me just tell you. I would pay for a plane ticket, hotel, rent a car and a new dress just to come back for the privilege of paying them $25 for those two plates of lusciousness.  
And the staff?  They could not possibly be more welcoming or attentive. It's almost like you're having dinner at someone cool a** house. 
If you don't go you're a plain old fool!Absolutely impeccable service.  Beautiful, classic decor.  The dishes couldn't have been prepared any better.  It's an old antebellum mansion on Washington filled with dignified, older uptown ladies having their weekly group lunches.  I think I was greeted about 15 times before I sat down.  If I had to complain, I'd wish for more dishes on the menu, but what was served was stunning, and the dining experience is always stellar.  
I started with the soup 1-1-1 as always, which gives you a sample of everything (perfect for the indecisive).  My main course was a pork / raspberry salad; the pork was absolutely perfectly cooked, mildly pink in the center and just melt-in-your-mouth tender.  For dessert I had the Ponchatoula Strawberry Shortcake which was sweet without being overwhelming and delicious.  I walked away satiated but not overdone.  Just right.
This place is surprisingly inexpensive given the level of service and all the awards it has won.  Put on your suit, clean yourself up, and make this place a tradition the way several generations previous have.  Spectacular.The history and reputation of Commander's Palace is storied, but my experience was a different story.
Thinking that I wasn't visiting around any major holiday or festival, I thought I could get by reserving a Sunday jazz brunch by calling just a few days prior.  I was wrong.  Apparently they were all booked.  While I settled for a Monday dinner, I slipped in on Sunday around 12:30pm after my Garden District tour was finished to see if they had a spot.  We lucked out and were seated immediately by the front desk.  Though we were dressed casually, there were no disparaging remarks made.  I do note that they request more formal dress.
There seem to be multiple rooms throughout this restaurant.  We were ushered through the bustling kitchen to a back room facing the courtyard.  Festive balloons were on display at each table and when we were seated, a jazz trio was making rounds at the tables playing by request.  The room itself seemed a bit dated in decor, but felt it was appropriate for the place.
For Sunday brunch, there are a number of items on the menu including Chef McPhail's three course brunch option (+1 bloody mary) for $46.  We opted to strike out on our own and order the pecan crusted gulf fish with turtle soup and creole bread pudding souffle as well as the blue crab frittata with commander's salad and satsuma orange dessert.  Overall, the food was just fair.  A far cry from the stellar reviews that seem to dominate Commander's.  The turtle soup was not as good as the one I had at Brennan's.  The gulf fish was a 3 at best - fish was dry.  The blue crab frittata had fresh mustard greens that did not pair well with the dish.  While not a bad dish, for $40, the dish was way overpriced for the quality of a frittata that I could easily get at a diner.  3 stars at best.  The CP salad wasn't crisp because it had been mass prepared and had been sitting in dressing.  2 stars.  The creole bread pudding souffle was good, but there are plenty of better bread pudding souffles out there.  3 stars.  The bloody mary drink that we ordered was not "spiked" tableside as advertised and honestly did not live up to its reputation.
Service could use some work.  We were greeted by name once we were seated, but past that, our waitress seemed to be rehashing the same lines like a robot.  Our bus boy forgot to come back with pepper.  Two of the young wait staff members commented how one of the guests looked like "The Most Interesting Man in the World" within earshot of other tables.
It's possible that dinner or lunch service is more reflective of the prestigious reputation that Commander's Palace holds, but for Sunday brunch, it was just average.  Among all the meals that we enjoyed in NOLA, we were the most disappointed with Commander's and not in any rush to go back to try it again.The service is excellent here. So friendly and very accommodating. And the food! YUM! The 3 sample soup was a great idea. I got to try each soup on the menu and all were amazing. I especially liked the seasonal crawfish soup. For my main course, I had the filet mignon which was cooked perfectly medium rare. We didn't have room for dessert but ordered some anyway cause the food was too good to pass up!
One thing I did feel weird about was the fact that they changed my glass of water once our entree arrived. Coming from California where drought is severe, I didn't understand why they needed to exchange my perfectly full glass of water for another one! Not sure how environmentally cautious this is...An experience for sure! The food I cannot remember, but the Irish coffee left a smile on my face while walking through the graveyard across the street.The bread pudding soufflé was to die for! I do not have enough words to describe the food but the quail was so tender, juicy and with an amazing sweetish coffee ish flavor. My boyfriend had the creme brûlée for desert and it's interesting because the discovered a way to give you crunch of caramelized sugar along with creme!Always consistantly wonderful. The experience and service are wonderful.  The food is high quality and an excellent example of high end New Orleans cuisine.the atmosphere is classy, nice decorations, friendly staff, very professional service, the menu complexity is beyond any that i have seen, the food is to die for
overall a must place to visit when ur in new orleansAfter reading all the fantastic reviews, we decided to make a reservation here, well in advance, during our holiday - and what a great choice it was. This would be the standout meal on our trip, and one of the best for many years.
From the minute we walked in the door, to the time we stepped out, the service was impeccable - this was probably the best service we've ever encountered (we even received additional historic info about the cemetery over the road on the way out!). 
The food was also great - gumbo was fantastic, the fish great, and desserts excellent - all washed down with a crescent city cooler! 
We'd love to come back!This place is fine, but I am amazed at some of the reviews giving it 4-5.  We were also in town for the marathon and had high expectations for this place....its ok just not great. We were late getting seated and the service was not bad, but the food was certainly not wonderful.  I had a salad that was ok and an Elk rib steak that was only so so.   The rest of the table wasn't that crazy about the food either. I think this place is living off its reputation.YES you DO want to eat here!
If you want a GREAT, old southern style, upscale dining experience then Commanders Palace is your place. From the greeters at the curb to the Matre D Restaurant to seaters & waiters, ALL are world class in this fine dining restaurant with starched white linens & crystal glasses. The place reeks of ambiance and quality. Although the dress code specifically states men to wear jackets, many were observed to be seated in collared shirts although thankfully none were in shorts. Those men took away from the world class experience. We were seated downstairs (there is an upstairs area with windows) among the chandeliers, carpeted, lively area. The Menu is worthy of ANY place in the world and deserves Michelin Star rating for quality & presentation. For appetizers we chose the Foie Gras which was the best we tasted since Geneva Switzerland. DO try it! Our soup selection was the turtle soup which again just caused us to swoon with the first taste adorned with a shot of Sherry for taste! Wow! My entrée was a Pecan Crusted Gulf fish that was excellent, moist and flaky surrounded by Prosecco poached blue crab. My wife chose the Veal tenderloin as she was "fished out" after 4 days in Louisiana. She was satisfied but not overly impressed and mentioned she thought the veal was not very tender. As we were celebrating an anniversary, the staff brought out a very tasty bread pudding with crème spread around and on top. It was GREAT and very rich & filling to an already VERY full body as all portions were ample. We highly recommend Commanders Palace in the Garden District and you may want to walk around the area and take in the old New Orleans Mansion scenery.I have been holding off on writing this review for the longest because I wanted to make sure I did this place justice. First off, I have to tell you, Commander's Palace will be my favorite restaurant of all time. It's engraved in my soul. It wasn't just the food, ambience, views... The service here is like no other. I am telling you, I haven't dined out anywhere in the tri-state area where I wasn't judged for looking like a young puny teenager (I am a fully grown five-foot adult that can legally drink, just so you know haha) with her puny teenage looking boyfriend (who is my fiancé). I'm just never taken seriously. It bothers me because I work in the hospitality industry. At a restaurant. Making sure guests are always happy. So I know the drill. But I guess not many places do. Moving on...
Upon arriving, my fiancé and I were greeted with an amazing staff. I ask if there's an available table in the Garden Room, and they gladly accommodate the request. The hostess walks us to our table upstairs. You know great service is present when every staff member gives guests the right of way. It's a standard in the business and this place executes that well. It seemed like a sin if they didn't let you go first! And this restaurant doesn't have a small staff. I'm telling you, there were about seven servers/hosts that literally saw guests coming and they stick to the wall and greet you. Am I in a fairytale?!
We sit down and the dream continues. Reminder, this is the best place to experience great great service. Woody, Sarah, and Billy were just way too damn amazing. Woody and Sarah teamed up to help us with recommendations on the menu.
I ordered Turtle Soup to start, while fiancé ordered Crispy Pork Belly. His appetizer was amazing that I barely got a bite because he loved it so much. I did the same thing and didn't share any of my soup. To those comments about the sherry overpowering the soup, just stop. They ask if you would like some or not. And two, have you ever had Turtle Soup for you to fully know that it overpowered the soup? Just stop. It was amazing. And of you're not sure about the sherry or not, ask for just a little. 
Billy made sure our tables were clean for the next course and never did I have an empty water glass.
Lunch entrees came. We both ordered seafood with such a New Orleans flare. I don't think I can ever get anything close to that meal here in NY/NJ area. Another thing I love and appreciate about this place was that food hit the table ALL AT THE SAME TIME. Nothing is waiting on the food tray by itself. All hands in the Garden Room were present for the larger parties' food. It was amazing. 
Dessert time! I had to get the Bread Pudding Soufflé and fiancé ordered this chocolate thing. I wish I knew what it was called. I loved both. I'm a chocolate kind of gal, so I ate the soufflé with a bite of that chocolatey goodness. Hey, it worked!
I can't forget to mention the 25-cent martinis. It's 25-freakin-cents. And you get up to three. So I paid $1.50 for 6 martinis. That is unheard of!
The whole staff in the Garden Room that Monday lunch was on top of everything (I can't help but pay attention to the slightest details, I just try my best not to write bad ones on Yelp but acknowledge great attention to details for businesses that do care, just like this one). From greeting, to secondary service (no one directs you to the restroom, they make sure they bring you there! And my napkin was always folded neatly. No crumbs on my table. No missing silverware. All requests were granted. Hot food was hot. And they had time for small talk! Professional and personal at the same time. Amazing.)
To top the whole experience off, the bill for 6 martinis, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts was $88. What a steal. That was a steal. I had the grandest time, and I hope you do, too!I will start by saying that the food was amazing. The desserts were the bwst part.  The rest of our experience was a little lackluster. We waited 35 minutes for our bottle of wine and to be able to tell anyone.  We had to remind the the restaurant twice that we had birthdays in our party. The coffee was terrible. It was explained to us that it was French Market with chicory. We had that at Brennans for brunch. We had the blend at several Nola coffee shops. No others tasted like truck stop sludge. In fact, French Market with chicory has fast become our favorite. So is it the ratio of chicory to coffee thats different?? We dont know. We only know that they were pretty defensive over their coffee which implies they have heard it all before. So are all the other restaurants in New Orleans just pretending to have "real creole coffee" and CP is the real, nasty thing OR do they just do it their own way? I don't think we will be back. Great food is only half the experience.Easily 5 Stars and would give it 6/5 if possible! Went here for a 4 course dinner with my wife while on our honeymoon in New Orleans.  The food and setting were top notch and neither of us have had a better meal in our lives than we did here and I'm grateful they made the experience so memorable.  No wonder this place is the crown jewel of New Orleans dining!
The interior of the restaurant speaks southern fine dining at its very finest as friendly and professional staff greeted us right away. The inside was a charming, aged building settled in the Garden District far away from the French Quarter tourist mecca.  Ok now on to the good stuff...
We ordered several different cocktails and a few bottles of red wine.  I tried a Sazerac (a New Orleans staple - when in Rome, right?) and found it to be quite enjoyable and to my liking.  The red wine that the staff recommended was excellent as well.
For the appetizer, we settled on the Abita Root Beer (yes, they make root beer too) Glazed Pork Belly as was recommended by our waitress.  It was excellent and both of us were speechless as we enjoyed watching each other eat it piece by piece.  The outside of the the Pork Belly had a perfect light, sweet, crispy texture while the inside was the amazing consistency of rich melt-in-your-mouth bacon.  Words cannot describe how good this was but we are still talking about this dish almost 6 months later.
Next, it was on to the soups...I fortunately did a little research beforehand and was wise in choosing the classic Turtle Soup that Commander's Palace is so well known for.  The staff offered to finish the soup with some aged sherry which I, of course, accepted (again, I credit this to my research beforehand).  The soup was rich, flavorful and out of this world.  At this point during the course of the meal I am wondering if I have died and gone to heaven...
We had some trouble choosing our main course but both settled on a Blueberry Lacquered Quail stuffed with a Jalapeno Cornbread stuffing.  The quail had a sweet and crunchy skin while the meat was juicy and tender.  The jalapeno cornbread stuffing was fluffy and warm which added a nice contrast on the palate that balanced perfectly.  It was very delicious!
Last but not least - dessert remained.  I chose the Creole Bread Pudding Souffle and my wife chose the Strawberry Shortcake.  Both were absolutely wonderful and a perfect finish to an excellent meal and overall experience.
This place is an absolute must if you are in New Orleans.  I'm now looking forward to following up with return trips with my wife for anniversary dinners!They run a tight ship at this place. Sort of the New Orleans equivalent of the now-defunct Tavern on the Green. Amazing brunch spot to nurse a hangover. Grab a mimosa or a bloody mary. Try the turtle soup and the bread pudding souffle and everything else that the 500+ people have reviewed on this site. Take a stroll around the Garden District afterward. Not cheap, a little stuffy, but excellent food and the atmosphere is totally special.The best service in NOLA!! Perhaps we went in with expectations that were too high but our brunch was memorable and the service and jazz made for a great NOLA experience!Oh, what a treat it was to dine at this establishment.  Although it was with a group of 7, I certainly enjoyed every aspect of this experience; from the walk through the kitchen to the last bite of the creole bread pudding soufflé. 
My entree of 'Trio of Game Birds' did not disappoint.  It was paired with an exceptional Cabernet Sauvignon from Caymus Vineyards.
I look forward to enjoying Commander's Palace again when I return to New Orleans!Can there be six stars? Seriously. This is in the top 10 meals I've ever eaten. Hands down.
The service was IMPECCABLE but also not snooty at all. Fun, but insanely on point and professional. That place works like a well oiled swiss watch. Had a drink at the downstairs (poor lonely standing only) bar and had the chance to watch the kitchen churn. Then went upstairs to the most amazing meal. The pecan encrusted fish might be the platonic ideal. The goat cheese thyme grits were the size of a thanksgiving shared plate and were divine, and the Shrimp & Tasso Henican was insane. I was in so much bliss I actually forgot to take pictures. 
Also - the wine list was incredible. Had a beautiful Sancerre for under $60. Don't wear a t-shirt and trainers... this is a really nice restaurant.Definitely a must stop. The service here is top notch, and the 25cent martini happy hour is hard to beat. The turtle soup and bread pudding souffle is nothing but fantastic. You may find the entree section a tad limited, but it doesn't matter...whatever you choose it will be gourmet.Had super high expectations but was disappointed. After eating at August, Peche and Cochon this place felt very average. I would liken it to a wedding banquet hall. Service was fine. I would recco the veal chop but I would really recommend skipping the place.I got the lunch special, including a turtle soup and the shrimp and grits entree. To be truly in the spirit of the town, I also ordered the bread pudding and a 25 cent Cosmo. The Cosmo was great, even though I don't typically enjoy vodka. The turtle soup was good, although I failed to accept the extra splash of sherry and seemed to suffer with a soup that was overly salty. Otherwise, it was interesting: I imagined a green goo, but it came out like a meaty beef stew (couldn't tell what turtle actually tastes like). Portion size was decent. 
The shrimp and grits were good, though somewhat of a smaller portion. I believe it came with 5-6 shrimp over a lump of cheesy grits. They were the tastiest grits I had ever had, though the dish overall was a bit lacking--compared to some wonderfully perfect shrimp I had had a previous evening as an appetizer at a wedding at the Audubon Zoo. 
The bread pudding was fun, though I am a dessert fanatic and found it difficult to take more than 3 bites of this overly sweet gooeyness. Perhaps it's my love or chocolate or my knowledge that you need enough fat in a dessert to counteract the sugar, but this was way too sweet and a virtual waste of $9 and only 2-stars. I did try my friend's pecan pie, however. And although overly sweet as well, I think I could have managed at least 5 bites of that. It was a 4-star dessert. 
What was absolutely 5-star was the service. As soon as you walk in, you feel the attention on the customer... From everyone having about a 10' awareness of you walking around (so they can let you pass with great ease) to pulling out AND PUSHING IN your chair when you sit, to laying the napkin on your lap... damn! Great service. And, beautiful ambiance. 
Note: go for the lunch to save some dough. It's typically a $16-$30 entree for lunch and about a $20-$40 for dinner.My sister and I took our daughters on a girls' trip for my 70th birthday, and we all live in cities with big seafood food reputations (DC, NY & San Francisco). I'm not a big New Orleans foodie bc menus seem to be all shellfish and pork, foods I don't eat. It seems to me that NOLA restaurants don't pay too much attention to other dishes. So I want to say how great the fish options were at Commander's Palace. The house salad was unusually fantastic. The centerpiece of the evening, was the hospitality. I thought the service was impeccable. Reminded me of Gary Danko's in San Francisco, with choreographed waiters. They helped us adapt the menu, they were friendly and personable, and we felt really lucky to have selected this restaurant. And for a birthday like this it was extra perfect. I'd go back in a minute.Beautiful place. Overpriced and a little hoity toity. Went with five women for a birthday dinner. One received wrong order, one had an undercooked steak had to send it back. Two were chastised by the maitre d for wearing jeans but he did let us stay. Would probably not go again.  The praline parfait was amazing.This was by far one of the best meals and dining experience I have had.  I am well traveled and have been fortunate enough to have dined at many well known establishments.  This one takes the prize!This place really is excellent! Definitely lived up to all the hype. The food and service were unforgettable. My husband and I came for the jazz brunch in the garden room and ordered the gumbo, shrimp bisque, Cochon De Lait Eggs Benedict, New Orleans Barbecued Gulf Shrimp, Lally's Praline Parfait, and the Creole Bread Pudding Soufflé. All were amazing.I liked this place a great deal.  We had brunch and it was really something special. Great Bloody Marys!  Wonderful Sazerac (so many choices).  Oh yeah and the food was awesome too!  Great bacon! I had the pork belly entree and it was amazing!I was very excited to come to Commander's Palace, as this was my first time in New Orleans.
I have heard much about this restaurant and it's service.
I have to say, the service we had tonight was truly terrible.
We sat, unattended, for over thirty minutes while our server gave tours of the kitchen.
The food was good...but I was looking forward to getting the check and leaving.Time seems to slow in the south. Whether you're rocking in your chair on an oversized porch, taking in the sounds of the mockingbirds and the warm sun, or sitting in Commanders palace over endearing southern accents, charm, and live jazz.
I was recommended to dine here by the owner of a local B&B.  After reading the menu online and seeing that they have a weekend jazz brunch, I thought it'd be an excellent choice to take my sister for her birthday.  On their website, it says brunch is served for only 1/2-2 hrs on the weekend, so I was curious as to if people seated during the last half hour would get a chance to listen to music.  I called to ask before deciding on a time.  I was told the band continues to play for about 1 hour after the last seating.  I hastily made a reservation a week in advance for a Sunday afternoon.  
Knowing that southerners tend to be punctual, we arrived on time.  There was a doorman and a host there to greet us, but we were told to wait about 10 minutes and we're escorted through the kitchen to the bar.  At the bar you can get a clear view of this kitchen, which I enjoyed.  I ordered a champagne rose, my sister a mimosa, and my grandmother a whiskey smash which was made just right with muddled mint, lemon, and Maker's Mark Bourbon.  We sat out on the patio as we waited, as it was a lovely day.  About 20 minutes later from when we arrived we were seated to the dining room adjacent to the patio.  Comfortable seats and white tablecloths with 3 festive balloons in the center of our table.  Balloons may sound tacky, but along with the jazz music I found the decor to be charming in a space that is bright and sunny; with a lovely, small, center room garden.
We were greeted by a server (I think his name was Peter) whom noted the specials, explained the menu, and patiently answered any questions we had.  I mentioned it was my sister's birthday, and another server came to tie balloons to her seat.  As we were deciding on which dishes we'd like in our 3 course, we were brought french garlic bread and offered a beverage.  My Bellini was very good as was the bread, nothing special to the garlic bread but it tasted fresh.
I decided to start with the Shrimp and Tasso Henican - Wild Louisiana white shrimp stuffed with spicy Cajun ham, Crystal hot sauce beurre blanc, pickled okra and five pepper jelly.  The thought of this dish makes me gasp.  This dish alone would bring me back to Commanders Palace, it was that good.  Something you just had to savor in your mouth.  My sister had the soup on special and my grandmother had a salad on special, both of which were very good.
As an entree, I enjoyed the Pecan Crusted Gulf Fish - Champagne poached jumbo lump crab, spiced pecans and crushed corn sauce.
I've always thought that fish should be enjoyed without having to be accompanied by another marine animal, such as crab.  But I've never  been opposed the idea, and I wanted to see if maybe my assumption was wrong.  What I assumed would be too rich and creamy ended up being light and fluffy, with no overbearing flavors.  It was a delicate dish served warm that offered you how you wanted to savor the robust, well combined flavors. The fresh, french bread was also served midmeal, to swipe into anything left on your plate.  
I'm not a big fan of pecans, or pecan pie.  But I'm in NOLA, where they're famous for all things culinary, and pecan pie is one of them.  I'm all about immersing myself in a place, doing as the locals would do, eating as they would.  I found the slice of pie exceedingly large and very sweet and crunchy.  A little too sweet for my taste.  The crust of the pie and the vanilla ice cream that accompanied it was more enjoyable, paired with a cup of fresh chicory coffee  I did tast my sister's Creole Bread Pudding Souffle.  Hot, gooey down goodness inside served in a puffed pastry.  What tasted to me of vanilla extract and bourbon stood out.  My grandmother had a vanilla ice cream special which was very, very good but unfortunately, I do not remember the details in which the dish was.
The service and food were above standards.  Table crumbs removed and fresh silverware inbetween meals.  I had learned on a garden district tour I had taken the previous day that the owners do not leave the restaurant up to their managers, and that they're on the premises everyday.  And there we could see as were dining, a man in a suit checking on dishes and the service.  Everything was served in a relaxed, timely manner, we arrived at 1 and didn't leave until 3:30.
I only wish that they had a jazz band in each dining room.  It was more-so a rotating jazz music, so we only got to listen to about 20 minutes of jazz during our stay.  The band was very good and I would have enjoyed more.  They took requests and played tableside which was nice.
A fantastic value as well, for 4 - 3 crse. entrees, 4 coffees and 2 drinks, our bill came to $60 pp. For a truly creole affair, CP lives up to the standard.Food was good-not great. We had a much better meal at Court of Two Sisters. Nice ambiance though. Friendly & helpful staff!We went here for our last meal of the trip. It ended up being the BEST meal! If you can, get there during the week for 25cent martinis (with order of entree, limit 3). Everything we ordered was DELICOUS and the service is outstanding. From what I remember, we had the following:
Turtle Soup
Gulf Fish
Bread Pudding
Strawberry Shortcake
Definitely make the trip over to the Garden District for this -- take the streetcar!Love the weekend jazz. The turtle soup is delicious as a starter. While the gulf fish is most popular, I preferred a dish with duck debris atop pancakes-- it was a perfect blend of sweet and salty. To wrap, the bread pudding soufflé is the winner without a doubt. Excellent service.Commanders Palace. Hiding behind a name. 
In a word, uneventful.  I consider myself quite the foodie,  including a Michelin star restaurant visit every now and again.  This place is capitalizing on the name and cache.  The appetizer we decided on was the Mardi Foie.  A trio of foie gras preparations.  Pan seared foie gras, can't go wrong with that, it makes me happy just like bacon.  Two beignets filled with foie gras infused cream cheese, very nice, shaped more like a doughnut hole but the crispy outside contrasting the gooey cream cheese was the highlight, very difficult to pick up and flavors of foie gras.  The final in the trio was foie gras infused root beer.  The delicate flavor of the foie gras was overpowered by the root beer, couldn't even tell it was anything but a shot of root beer.  For the main course we settled on the duck breast.  The waiter made this big deal as if the duck was prepared in some type of a salt cure before roasting to crisp the skin.  I call BS.  Anything salted (have made Confit of duck and duck prosciutto) changes in texture and flavor.  This duck was tough, stringy, barely seasoned if at all, over a bed of "stuffing" made with sundried tomatoes, not a pleasant combination.  OH! And some kind of weird cranberry stuff like a remoulade but not, it was bitter to the point of unpleasant.  The root vegetables were clearly steamed or boiled and lacked any seasoning.  And when did cauliflower become a root vegetable?  Would it have killed them to put them in a roasting pan with some bacon fat, after all it was a 9 dollar side, how about a little effort.  At $175 per person with drinks, tip, tax and the turtle soup which could have been anything soup, my strong recommendation is go to one of the many other truly wonderful restaurants in New Orleans.This place is one of the best in NOLA! I don't need to write much since the numerous reviews says it all! It definitely lives up to its hype!! We had to split our table up because our party was too big and had 2 different servers tending to us. Service was top notch!!! They all work as a team there and everyone was so nice and attentive to us. The food was amazing!! Because we had a big party, I think we ordered 3/4 of the menu and everything was delicious and cooked to perfection so you can't go wrong with anything!! We also ordered one of everything on the dessert menu. The cheesecake was the best we've ever had!! Smooth and creamy!! Will definitely be back in the future when we come visit NOLA again!!I've dined here a couple of times - and honestly have never been disappointed - the service is great and the food is off the charts - this place is old school Cajun - you won't go wrong - just a couple of things that in hind site are really not much to complain about -but if they're going to stress the dress then stress the dress - there were a number of folks in there with jeans - and secondly what is their biggest faux pas is serving an 18 year old scotch (or any scotch for that matter) in a juice glass. We are scotch drinkers and when ordering our second round requested it to be served in the proper glass - they told us this was the only glass they used - it was a juice glass - ahhhhhh - c'est la vie - commanders palace is a great take - you will love it and I'm sure once you dine there - you'll want to return again and again - enjoy!This is really a must-go place in New Orleans, although reservations can be tough to make so try to get them ahead of time. The restaurant has a surprising amount of dining areas, all equally beautiful. You feel like royalty because there are so many people serving you throughout the meal! The food is delicious and all of the staff members are wonderful. My boyfriend and I had a great experience here, and will hopefully be able to return.Anniversary dinner here. We got turtle soup (doesn't even know it is turtle), coffee cake foie gras, pig and peach for 1st course. Red fish (very big portion) and sample cut beef is 2nd course.  The dessert were so yummy. The soufflé texture is like marshmallow. Best soufflé ever. Pecan pie is so deliciousA New Orleans institution!  I came here 16 years ago on my honeymoon and was able to bring my 13 year old son back a few weeks ago.  He loved the turtle soup, the upstairs room with windows where we sat, and of course the bread pudding soufflé!  This is a must do when you visit the city.  Thank you Commander's Palace for making special occasions even more special.Visited NOLA specifically to celebrate my bday at Commanders Palace and the place did not disappoint. The only thing is that there were a lot of other people's bday that day, so I didn't feel so special (it wasn't their fault). The Shrimp and Grits, and the Quail were superb. The service was great, and we ended the night with the bread pudding soufflé, and it was perfect! Will definitely be back every time I visit NOLA.Fantastic. Every single aspect of this dining experience was pure joy. Wait staff was unbelievably friendly and helpful. Not one employee walked by without saying some sort of greeting! Then we had live personal jazz music. A band of 3 would walk around and serenade you with the sweet sound of jazz. It was priceless. The food, well it's just amazing. It was a three course brunch and every course would amaze you. Everything in this restaurant is just perfect. I've never had a better dining experience accompanied by even better food. They are the all around package deal. It's the total feel good experience, you leave feeling like pure royalty. Congrats commanders palace you are what I dream of when I think of NOLA.Lunch 11/24/17 - 4 people - ordered Turtle Soup - was not offered the normal aged sherry, after food was served incorrectly the water & Iced Tea glasses were never refilled - ordered 3 coffee's - never offered to refill. After 6 previous trips in the last 3 years this is the worst service we have ever had. Food was excellent as we have had before.This place is my favorite restaurant - anywhere. The service is word-class , so I always remember the experience. The food is just as memorable and delicious.  I have never had anyone disappointed that I have taken to Commander's. I can't think of another restaurant I can say that about in New Orleans.