Worst gumbo ever - rice was so hard I almost broke a tooth.  Bananas foster waffle not so great either.  So looking forward to both-what a disappointment.It was ok, I had pretty low expectations. Atmosphere is nice, food is ok and service is terrible. No better or worse than any other Copeland's.We went for happy hour and we had the best martinis and crab & cheese dip! Our server was super sweet and she attended to us well.This is set up in an old car dealership at the foot of St. Charles, and was the focus of much controversy before it opened as uncle al and anne rice bickered over it.  The cheesecake is great, but the food is mildly overpriced and somewhat stupid.  You won't get a bad meal, but you might not get what you ordered, either, as the staff is kind of worthless in my experience.The service was very slow, the food came out just ok and somehow kind of cold (it was a hot meal). The only good part of the night was the cheese cake, it was pretty good.
i guess if you only go for cheese cake and you take it to go, you may want to drop a 4 or 5 stars. But overall it was a bad experience till the desert...DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME.  Will seriously waste minutes of your life that you'll never get back.  Walked in mid-afternoon on a Sunday.  Although taking names many open tables were evident.  Finally seated after 20+ minutes, only to be seated with no approach by any server for beverages.  One employee did ask if a server had stopped by and we informed him no they had not.  15 minutes later still NO SERVICE.  Walked out, but before leaving, noticed manger and asked "Would you expect that if a party is seated, that a sever would at least approach and take a drink order?" To which he answered, "yes."  Subsequently informed him, to bad that didn't happen!"
BAD SERVICE...NO SERVICE = NO BUSINESSThe Copelands Cheesecake Bistro was awesome.  I had the friend chicken with asparagus quinoa and it was yummy.  My meal was about $14 so not so bad and the place had some great air conditions since it was so hot...man I was meltingI would give this place 3.5 stars if I could, but Yelp won't allow me to.
We came here twice during a trip to New Orleans, both times ordering steak (we love a good steak) for dinner.  The steaks came to our table piping hot,  same as Ruth's Chris, and the waiter warned us not to touch the plates.
Our server suggested for dessert to try the bananas foster so that's what we had.
The dessert was really good.
The cool thing was that Jim had ordered a Hurricane before we ordered our food.  He normally doesn't drink much so we didn't realize it was going to come in a HUGE gigantic glass!!  Of course he couldn't finish it, so the waiter offered to pour the rest in large to go cup.
So out we went with Jim and his giant to go cup.  We were taking the trolley so luckily he didn't have to drive.WOW! This place should be the example of bad service for the failing culinary world. I am literally still confused how I ended up eating in this place. The service was just as bad as the food. The management was and is clueless. I beg anyone with a bit or an ounce of culinary respect to avoid this extremely poor quality of a restaurant. If you do go, remember these two things "Sub Par Quality" and "Bad Service".Cheesecake was awesome. Parking was an issue. And service was not up to par. And I was charged for soda water! TCame to this place for happy hour currently sitting at the bar area and I've been waiting almost 40 min for my drink and appetizer and the place isn't even busy I'm just expecting my food to be cold my drink better be strongCopelands pre-Katrina; amazing! Post Katrina and Post Al, avoid. The niece HAD to go here, this was a couple years back during graduation season, so it was busy. We had a decent wait, nothing unexpected. The food was god awful. My high school cafeteria put better food out than this. No flavor, bland, pre-cooked pasta, nothing we had was good and we had a party of about 7 if I recall correctly. The food definitely tasted off.
We tried to talk her out of it but she was adamant. I had no choice, I was held prisoner at the whim of the family! I am really glad no one fell ill. We were expecting it. We were so disgusted we did not order cheesecake, not that we had the appetite for it. Just, yuk.
As a side note, this location is right across the street from Delmonico and near Commander's Palace. How it's still in business is beyond my understanding, poor Al must be rolling in his mausoleum.Im ONLY giving it 1 star becaue I don't have the option to choose no stars. We came here to celebrate my best friend's birthday, and two of the people in our party ordered the seafood platter. The fish smelled HORRIBLE!!!! We asked for the manage, who's last name is Haley. She was asked to smell it, but she refused to and said that she will have them, meaning the chef, to smell it. She didn't apologize,  and had a look on her face as if we were bothering her. So she walked away with the plates,  and never came back....until we asked for her. She came over and we asked if the chef smelled the fish, or if she smelled it, and she said the she didn't. Once again, she was nonchalant! She was going to remove it from the bill, but all she removed from a platter that cost $23.95 was $5!!! YES... $5!!!!! So we asked her back to the table. Her excuse was that she determined how much that portion of fish would cost, and that's what she deducted. We had to explain how rotten the fish was before she would consider removing it from the bill. Her response was....no one else complained. Really???? She reluctantly removed it from the bill. But NEVER again will we eat at this location!!! And I do mean NEVER!!! Little Ms. Hailey is the worst restaurant manager that any of us have ever encountered. And that fish was bound to cause food poison!!! Do yourself a favor.....DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!!The food was ok and my server was super sweet. I ordered the bacon bloody mary and the crawfish ravioli. My wife ordered the French onion soup and side of broccoli. The bloody mary was made strong and had a unique flavor. It wasn't for me, but it was a good drink. The ravioli was a large portion and tasted like how you would expect from a chain restaurant, but definitely not what I'm used to in New Orleans. The soup was good. They use sweeter onions than most places, but it was still good. The broccoli is cooked hot and still firm and crunchy. I personally don't plan on returning, but if you are staying nearby it's worth trying.Great service at the Bar! Thanks Lauryn!
I thoroughly enjoyed the Shrimp & Fried Crabmeat salad. NOTE: I substituted the lettuce for spinach to make it extra healthy and delicious.
This salad is definitely a meal! The plate comes filled with all of the savory goodness of the south: crispy romaine (or fresh spinach) shrimp, crab, boiled eggs; avocado and capers. The flavors work well together to create a delicious and filling meal.
Next time I'll save room for their yummy cheesecake. Every piece looked fabulous in the display case!Very huge plates of food and oh so stuffed! Service was fast. Delicious and filling. One plate could feed 2 ppl.This used to be my favorite place until 2 weeks ago.I took my family out for dinner there was a wait and there was no one at the host stand which wasn't the problem. And I noticed roaches crawling all over the host stand where they assist you with a table. Seeing roaches crawl all over made me realize this not the place to eat you only imagine what's in the kitchen!! I have to say goodbye to cheesecake bistro on st Charles!!Terribly slow service- took 30 minutes just to serve us two desserts! Also brought me a glass of curdled milk. Ugh!Terrible!! Terrible service!! Terrible management. Cold, overdone food! Ordered the 1/2 chicken, got two burned pieces after a 45 minute wait!!! My roast beef poor boy was cold, soggy and did not come with the gravy that was advertised!Stopped by here for lunch one day on my way to check out Lafayette Cemetery... I was only looking for a quick lunch, so I didn't care whether or not it was a chain restaurant. I was pretty impressed that this restaurant has free, valet parking... kind of odd, but "thank you sir, here are my keys..." 
This place is definitely the southern version of "The Cheesecake Factories" I'm used to seeing on the west coast, but at least Copeland's menu isn't the size of a dictionary! Great customer service and the food was good.. had the typical lunch fare of sandwiches and salads, but didn't have room to try the cheesecake. This place served it's purpose, and I would go back again if I was in the same lunch time predicament.Traditionally, a must-have stop on trips home. Definitely lost a star or two over the years, but it still works for a quick bite.
Crab & crawfish bake & crawfish ravioli are prob my faves!
Bar service leaves so much to be desired.
If you absolutely have a craving, just get itAte here for the first time and will never come back. Service was bad, food was bad, drinks from the bar were bad. Had the driest lemon garlic chicken ever. Complained to the waitress and she offered some sauce to moisten it up. That wouldnt help, this was day old  chicken, because parts of the chicken was just plain inedible. Like when you reheat chicken several time over the edges start to get hard. Thats what they served, when it should have never made it out of the kitchen. Our waitress could have starred in Houdini, because she always dissappearing for long periods of time. The garlic potatotes were also cold and not very good at all. Will never come back to this place. Diners beware.........Eat here at your own risk!!!This has to be good for a tourist. Because the food cannot pass for New Orleans cuisine for people that are from here. Nothing intresting that sticks out the menu. The last time I was there, I didn't know what to order.. Nothing seemed appealing. 
The only upside to this place is the cheesecake.Horrible service.  Another customer called the Manager to get service.  Sat there 20 minutes and still did not have a Happy Hour drink.  Food was very cold. Never came back to check on us or to take another drink order. Word of mouth said "Don't go there" but I did not listen.  Will not go there againSteak flavor was very good.  I did have to send it back to the kitchen as it was under cooked.  The service was very slow to none.  This is not the place to go if you are looking for friendly attentive service.  For the question below - waiter service - it's between yes and no with a lean to no.Horrible service!!! We were forgotten about multiple times, everytime we saw our waitress she apologized! Overpriced but the food was good. Will never come back here.. And don't recommend it to anyone in New Orleans!So 7 of us went here for a birthday dinner. There is complimentary ballet which is a plus because this restaurant is on a busy street. 
Anastasia was so sweet. My husband and I had the paneéd chicken with crawfish linguine and the buffalo wings. The wings were piping hot when they came out. As a matter of fact everything that came to the table was hot.... which is a good thing.
The wings were bland without the sauce and the sauce when added wasn't that flavorful either. The paneéd chicken and linguine was good but the pasta was dry. I asked for  more sauce and she brought it and with a little salt it was spot on. 
My cousin ordered the mini crash and burn and said it wasn't good and she didn't enjoy her seafood platter either 
The food was pretty average to say the least. Anastasia was very nice and made the experience a good oneThis is our first time in New Orleans and we arrived at our hotel after 9 pm. Our concierge gave us a coupon for a free dessert at the Cheescake Bistro, so we thought, what the heck. 
The restaurant was clean and the atmosphere nice.
We ordered the eggplant fries as an appetizer with the seafood sauce. It was just ok. I love eggplant so maybe my expectations are high. 
New Orleans is definitely a place for seafood lovers. There wasn't really any vegetarian options. Shame too, because their build your own burger would have been good with a veggie burger option. 
My husband ordered the crawfish ravioli (note to all, I won't touch shellfish ) and I had the Cobb salad with salmon (sans bacon). My husband loved his ravioli. This was his first time trying crawfish. He thought it a stronger fishy flavor, but he said it balanced nicely with the sauce.
My salad was excellent. It was a huge portion and the salmon was cooked just right. 
For our free dessert we decided to try their white chocolate bread pudding. Heaven!!!  This was a large portion so I definitely recommend sharing. 
Our server Anthony was very nice and the best surprise - they give a 50% military discount!!!  I was so surprised!  I will definitely stop by here again before we leave.This is the 4th time I said I'm not going back. I try to give them another chance but I am through! Don't know if owner or management change but it is awful. This was my favorite place to eat. First the order was not pt in by our waitress. She changed sections. New waitress came 15mins later to take order again. We pick 2 healthy choices. It was burned and drenched in sauce.  Manager did not offer to replace it or refunded our $50 back. He only took off $7 dessert!  NOT GOING THERE EVER,!!!Great service and great food! First time I've ever eaten here and will definitely not be my last. Waiter was excellent!My cousin brought me a Caesar salad with grilled chicken to go to our hotel room. IT SUCKED!! No dressing on the side just lettuce chicken and a few croutons! She has so many problems with her eat in order that they wrote the whole thing off! Won't be coming back here!Too much of a good thing is bad.  I'm not sure when the over indulgent Cajun Chef train came chugging along, but Al Copeland is in one of the front cars and the caboose looks like Paul Prudohme.  Sometimes "sinfully rich" doesn't equal pleasing, and Copeland's menu is as disgustingly over the top as his famed Christmas light's displays.  The restaurant's few redeemding qualities:  valet parking for the parallel-parking inept, circular booths (because those are neat), and a varied and tasty array of cheesecakes.  Pass on the meals, walk in for the desserts.  I'd toss in an extra 1/4 of a star if the waitstaff wore cheesecakes on their heads.The cheesecake bistro still has good cheesecake but the food I had was horrible the spinach dip was cold and so was my skimpy ass seafood platter they use to be my go to but they are getting worst with time y'all need to step up in the food departmentThis place has seriously lost its luster. Back in the day, this was a favorite. Based on my last visit, I would not return with a gift card. 
We stopped in after a busy day filled with errands and decided to grab a bite because of its location and our prior experiences. It was pretty pathetic. All of the drinks were very watered down. 
Despite the cocktail disappointment, we ordered food. This too turned out to be terrible idea. One entree had avocados which were completely brown. One would think, they should have said they were out or simply left them off the plate.I normally love Copeland's restaurants but this particular location is clearly not held to the same expectations or standards of the Copeland brand restaurants. The atmosphere is more like a run downed cafeteria. The carpet is torn in some areas and the booths look like they haven't been wiped down in ages. The hostesses are more worried about socializing and playing on there phones then greeting guests & seating them. We were served our drinks in styrofoam cups, had to get our own silverware from another table and our waitress although friendly seemed to be constantly on the go, coming and dropping off so quickly that we would have to wait until she came back to "check" on us to ask for condiments. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and asked for extra sauce on the side, only to get cold chunky "sauce" in a cup that resembled a butter like texture. Needless to say we won't be back to this particular location unless it's the last place on earth to eat.This place use to be one of the premier restaurants in New Orleans. I haven't been here in a while so I was expecting the same great experience I had on my last visit some time ago.  OMG was I set up. The food was awful and the service was just as bad. I will not recommend this place to anyone. I had the shrimp pasta pizza bowl and it was disgusting. I still have a nasty taste in my mouth.  They only got one star because of the King Cake Cheesecake.We came here for lunch just before we had to head out to the airport. Tanika was our waitress and she served us quickly and efficiently. Food was pretty good for the price. I had the crawfish ravioli which comes with a small salad and some bread. It was a good size meal for lunch. To my surprise it also came with a brownie.   Bright atmosphere, and fairly quiet but we were there just after opening.Horrible, took them an hour to cook a burger (that sucked) and had to chase down a completely separate waiter just to order a drink. Then the bill was wrong and they just walked away.......go literally anywhere elseI came to celebrate a birthday with friends for happy hour and the service was subpar at best. We ordered our food and drinks at the same time but receive our food first and drinks 20 min after our food. We were charged the wrong amount after the waiter took our cards with our receipts attached with the correct card. This is ridiculous and Copelands should get new employees ASAP...mgmt only came to fix the cash error.Excellent family dining experience. Sunday brunch is the best with the $2 bottomless mimosas!!I have a personal issue with the location of the "front" door, which is hidden on the side of the building, however I suppose the intent is for you to use the valet.  
The fried catfish here is really good, but it frustrates me that the sides are only okay, and that the prices are so damn high.  Really, appetizers shouldn't cost more than lunch entrees.  Also, the appetizer portions are reeeeeally small.
The awesome thing about this place is that they have a Sunday buffet, and though I have not been early enough or hungry enough to justify partaking in this deliciousness, I have surveyed others heaping their plates with amazing looking food.Yes, we went to Copeland's on St.Charles. I was feeling squirrely and we had never been there. No problems parking. No problems getting a seat. The food was food. Nothing to get excited about. I had the ginger-chili shrimp from the low cal menu. To be honest the size of the meal was perfect for me. He had Tuna steak with garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach. And you don't go to Copeland's and not get a slice of cheesecake. I had the caramel cheesecake...and holy crap, that thing was huge. But it was very tasty. He had the white chocolate-raspberry. He said he really enjoyed it. The place is clean and we felt well cared for by our waitress. She was very knowledgeable about the entire menu and eager to recommend certain dishes. I gave it 3 stars because we sat in a booth and my side had a big worn spot. The pleather had huge cracks in it. And Nic kept calling it a high class Denny's...it did kind of feel that way with the giant, spiral bound, plastic menus..lol. I doubt well will go back. The price for our meal, did not match our food.The food is always pretty good here, brunch is well known about & the happy hours are great but the service is slow during them. Fair experience nonetheless!At one point in time Copelands used to be a very scrumptous place to eat, however, since they converted to the whole cheesecake bistro. Not so good. Service always lags and how hard is it to serve HOT MASHED POTATOES?????????????????????  WOnt be returning.It's been a while since I been in this location, but recently went back.  My experience is definitely different from my 2010 experience in my initial post.
Service: Our server was friendly and sweet and she was just really cool so she was the redeeming factor at this location. She was knowledgeable and made suggestions and was just pleasant. The food on the other hand was just blah. I went with the pot roast with Mac and cheese that just came out a little too chewy and not too hot. The individual I was with was not pleased with her food as well and had to send it back because it was extremely chewy pasta.
Overall it just wasn't a good night at this location, but of course everyone has down nights. Sundays are a good time to visit with little to no wait as a tip. Also there is valet parking and if you sign up for their list you will find out about specials and deals you can take advantage of.I have been twice so far and I like their food, which was a surprise to me because I am not a fan of the Cheesecake Factory so I wasn't expecting to be a fan of this place either. 
I went with a party of about 12 the first time and 5 the second time, everyone enjoyed their food and we all ordered something different. 
This place has quickly become one of my favorites, and I am pretty picky. 
I have never gotten bad service from there personally, but I am sure as with any restaurant, it's bound to happen.Was told the wait was 20-30 minutes.
Had seen a few tables open while entering and the same ones while leaving.
Staff management issues maybe ?
Had dinner elsewhere and quicker.What happened to this place?! I can't even begin to state everything I had a problem with. (Food-crap, service-slow and crappy, cleanliness-crap.) This place should just close. The only reason I won't complain about 1 star being too much is that the valet guys parked my car in the front. I was ecstatic about it because I could drive away as fast as I could.The staff were beyond rude. When we arrived, we were told it was going to be a 30 minute wait. The staff just weren't in any rush. Nasty attitudes all around. The food smelled amazing but we left after seeing the manager flirting with female customers.  DON'T WASTE YOUR NEW ORLEANS EXPERIENCE  HERE!My boyfriend and I popped in here one night to grab some cheesecake at the bar and I'm serious when I tell you that we sat at the bar for 20 minutes and were not even acknowledged in the slightest. And they didn't even seem that busy. Sad considering the reputation the name has--next time I'll try the north shore for my sweet tooth!I was wary of this place after reading some of the reviews, however it being my fathers long time favourite restaurant to visit in New Orleans, I just hoped it was not as bad as some people said. And I was pleasantly suprised! This place has delectable seafood; I ordered the salmon with creamed spinach which was bursting with flavour. My brother, who is vegan explained of his dietry requirements and the waiter was more than happy to help, helping him decide on a dish that fit his needs. The only reason I have not given this a 5 star is due to the service - we went at not a very busy time however it felt from how long it took for the food to come out that it was a lunch rush! So my one warning is; don't go here if you're in a hurry to eat, as you'll be waiting for your food for quite some time, but it is worth it.Had an awesome time today at Sunday Brunch with my family our waiter Shawn was very attentive to our needs he's the best.Return guest very unhappy with the host and seating. Requested booth and was told not avail; however there were several empty booths. The host had no interest in satisfying her guest.  She was very unprofessional and made it known that she didn't care.  During our dinning the booth we requested; another guest was seated at the booth.  This location customer service is very poor.I ordered the Panéed Chicken Over Crawfish Linguine with fried chicken instead of grilled chicken. It didn't taste good at all, pasta was very dry with little to no sauce. Other than the food, the waitstaff was very friendly and the restaurant was very clean. Also, the complimentary valet parking is a huge plus.Good service. Reasonable prices. Open late. Very flavorful food. The cobb salad I shared with my sister was tasty. My chicken dinner was awesome, the sauce was stupendous and my sister raved about her dinner, the crawfish ravioli, (I'm allergic to shellfish so I took her word for it). If you are staying in the garden district it's a great place for lunch or dinner or even late night supper.Anyone who knows me, knows that I am a steak connoisseur. I can honestly say that this restaurant's filet is in my Top 5. I prefer my steak medium to medium well, and I have found that some restaurants have a difficult time getting that balance. My steak was not undercooked nor over. My knife slipped right through it with not effort at all. My sides, sautéed spinach and mashed potatoes, were complimentary to the steak...of course with a glass of Cabernet. 
The service was impeccable. 
The only reason I gave this restaurant one star short of 5, is because when we walked in it took about 3-5 minutes for someone to even greet us with a hello. I had to initiate a greeting, which in my opinion is unacceptable.Ordered a Specialty Drink New Orleans Iced Tea which is there take on a Long Island with a shot of Grand Marnier.  So when it comes it looks Dark Brown and light yellow at the bottom, it tasted sweet and sour.  That's not a Long Island with 4 clear liquors so the server ask how the drink was and I said "not good and sweet". He told the manager and he tried to tell me that the Grandmarnier is what made the drink sweet I guess he thought I was a fool because you would have to have a lot of Grandmarnier to make a drink terribly sweet.  I brought it to his attention that it has so much sour mix in it you can see it at the bottom of the drink.  Then he said "well it has a splash of sour " but a minute ago you said it had only 4 white liquors and Grandmarnier so I politely said "well you can just take it back then."  When I come out with my wife for a drink at a nice establishment I don't feel like I have to argue with the manager over a drink not being up to Par.I am sorry I had to give Copeland's a 3, a weak 3 at that. It's defiantly not A-Ok with me.
Twice in the same month I had the same experience.  Dry Pasta bowls.  
A pasta dish in a sauce over Bread will have the bread soaking up the sauce.  But the pasta should not be so dry that you have to order extra sauce just to eat it.  This dish was not always like this. I don't know if they changed the bread or they just stop using enough sauce but I won't be ordering it again.  
The cheesecake is always very good. The large chicken wings they are famous for are delicious but I would not order them to go. After trying 3 times and comparing them to the ones in the restaurant,  no one can convince me they don't pick the smaller more regular sized ones for take out.   I can get regular hot wings anywhere.  
If I were able to I would give the servers a 4.  Consistently, I had good service even when
busy.  It was just the food I had issues with.  Which is disappointing since it is a visitor favorite.  (Visited St.Charles Bistro only).I gave this place another chance, simply because it was always such a favorite of mine. I am glad I did. I ordered the spicy fried chicken place with a side of macaroni and cheese. It was a great bargain at $8.95. I have noticed that most other lunch entrees in similar type restaurants have been inching towards $13 per dish.
The chicken was fried so well, that Al Copeland would be proud! Fresh, hot, crispy, divine! I think this was even better than Willie Mae's. 
The macaroni and cheese was pretty good too. Creamy, basic, not fancy. Good portion.
The hot crab dip was a tad disappointing. It had more artichokes than (hardly discernable) crab. 
My friend got a Thai chicken wrap and had the same problem as last time: cold, oily chunks with skin, bone and tendon still attached. Very unappetizing. They need to tweak this and use chicken breast.
I'll give them another chance, but will stick with the chicken!Bleh! If you like the Cheesecake Factory, Copeland's Cheesecake Bistro will disappoint you. It has potential for cheesecake lovers, but in the end, this restaurant will fail you. Our server was awful. He switched the beer order without informing us and a half hour after I ordered the Cobb salad, he told me that the kitchen didn't have all the right ingredients to make it so he asked me to order something else. This place was incredibly noisy and busy for the crappy service and experience we had. I won't be coming back here.Worse service ever. Just came here on a Sunday afternoon. Barely had anyone in it. Sat down and no one bothered to greet us. We waited for over 20 minutes and still couldn't get someone to get our drink orders. Tables that were sat after us got drinks before us and we STILL hadnt seen a server. Tried to finally flag someone down and she looked right at us and ignored us. Went to bathroom and staff was sitting around eating. TERRIBLE SERVICE. We left feeling highly insulted and disappointed. Wish I could give them negative or half star.it looks like someone unearthed Al Copeland's tomb and spread the neuvo riche artifacts all over the place.  I really wasn't surprised to see several members of the Jersey Shore fan club out for a classy evening.  The music was so loud I was waiting for someone to jump up and scream "This is my Jam" and start to dance.  I am not sure where "new orleans flavor" got defined as burn your hole the next day hot. There are thousands of spices herbs and seasonings use them wisely.Soooo disappointing! I have been here before, years ago and loved it. I've also been to the Atlanta location... so after talking this up to my friends for two days we got in a cab and headed there. We were seated immediately. Our server Katrice came and greeted us and I knew immediately this wasnt going to be great. She walked and spoke slowly, like she was hungover and we interrupted her nap. I got peach tea, which was yummy. My friends got peach tea and an arnold palmer. We also asked for water which we had to ask for 4 addtl times before we finally got it. Then we sat for 20 mins waiting for Katrice to take our order. Finally she comes back.. my friends both ordered chicken and waffles, I ordered crawfish ravioli and we ordered a side of mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was nothing more than runny box mac and cheese. It used to be a baked wedge of goodness. I guess times are hard. One friends chick and waffles looked great, the other had a burned crispy waffle. My crawfish ravioli was lukewarm so it really wasnt good. When Katrice came back, we complained.. she gave us an insincere apology. We asked only to have the mac and cheese which was $3.95 removed since we barely touched it. She said we'd have to speak to the manager. We said GREAT. Next she brought the bill, the $3.95 was credited. Guess the manager didnt want to talk to us. Ill never go back.. too bad.. good memories of yumminess ruined!A little pricey, but WOW! The food is amazing.
Margo and I enjoyed the shrimp and eggplant appetizer. It was amazingly delicious with just a touch of spicey and a wonderful sauce. I would highly recommend it.Uuugh.  
That's how I feel about this awful Cheesecake Factory knock-off.  
Bad, bland food, poor service, and just about no redeeming qualities.
With all the phenomenal restaurants in NOLA, I can't fathom how anyone would want to return to this place.I give this place 3.2 stars.
Good things: I did not find the food bland.  Wasn't the best ever, but I thought the crayfish ravioli was tasty as was the slab of tuna.  We got the bread pudding for dessert, that was a delight as well.  Only the sparkling wine, which tasted watery, was a let down.  The service was very good, almost to the point of being too over the top (I think it was a staff training day or something).  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.  
Cons: Price is a bit high for what it is.  Atmosphere is...classy?  I dunno, it wasn't bad, just not my thing.  I prefer a place with a bit more charm.
I probably will not go here again.  We only tried it because we had a 1/2 off coupon, I don't think I would pay full price.  Perhaps as another reviewer said, if I need a classier place to take geriatrics?  Nah...This may have been some of the best food I've ever had. I only hope that the one in Atlanta is as good since I won't be traveling back to NOLA anytime soon!Just a little background I had gone to the one in Atlanta and I didn't really like the food. My cousin (who lives in N.O.) insisted that I try one of the originals in New Orleans and promised I wouldn't be disappointed. We started with the valet almost trying to encourage us to eat somewhere else. There was an hour left before they closed. We sit in the bar area and it took 25 minutes for them to take our order and probably another 20 for it to come out. They gave my cousin the wrong meal and left my side dish. My cousin asked for silverware and they gave us plasticware. (I have pictures of that mess) our waitress had a nice temperament but her team was clearing letting her all the way down! One of the host who was on dish duty left early, which is why they didn't have clean silverware. The food was ok but the plasticware was throwing me off so bad.... a $30 meal with plasticware. I literally could not get over it. Packing up to leave was a slight disaster too. My cousin asked for a to go coke, our waitress gave us an empty cup. (There was nothing left in my cousins glass to pour...so idk what was supposed to happen with that)  The ticket reflected my cousins meal and my meal and my ticket had my meal on it too.  Long story not short....I will never go back to a bistro...in any city. I think my dollars could go further elsewhere.Cheesecake Bistro was one of two vendors of choice to feed the multitudes who volunteered for a local Louisiana event that involved multiple meetings. Happy to see them chosen because they are a local vendor.  On the first day they offered wraps and sandwiches.  Many of us chose the Thai chicken wrap. There was a nice peanut sauce and plenty of chicken and the wrap was delicious.  
Fast forward two more meetings - same lunches for the volunteers.  The same Thai Chicken wrap was by then 99% wrap, virtually no chicken and zero peanut sauce.  I'm not sure why Cheesecake Bistro was cutting corners on their servings - they lost hundreds of potential customers who would never eat there again.  
Folks were taking a bite, looking at their sandwich like... "isn't there anything in this?" and setting it down.  The folks that hired Cheesecake Bistro were gypped out of decent lunches for their volunteers and the volunteers were almost gagging on their "sandwiches".  I was embarrassed to see this coming from a local vendor!   Zero quality control - probably hoping the folks that hired them wouldn't notice???  Not sure, but I won't ever eat at their restaurant again and based on the discussions with the other volunteers, neither would they.  
p.s. There was another vendor catering these meetings on alternate days and while they were not locally owned, their quality was at least consistently good.  Wish I could have said the same for Cheesecake Bistro.Delicious food, their bananas foster waffles are amazing! Also their Lobster Alfredo ravioli for dinner was yummy! Nice staff, took a while for breakfast but delicious once we received it. Good mimosa specials on theRainy night so we decided to stay dry and eat here, I'm glad we did. Great service, thanks Anastasia! Had the buffalo wrap and it was delicious! Loved the sweet potato fries as well. The serving size was large.We had dinner there 3.27.17, my son ordered the roast beef po boy. It was awful. The meat was tough and fatty. It came with awful lettuce, awful tomatoes. It went to waste and I had to get a cheese pizza for take out. I had the cheeseburger. It was divine. The downside was the staff was not friendly and didn't make much eye contact (which always makes me nervous about how they're preparing our food.) Our water glasses left a black imprint on the napkins they were placed on. The cleanliness was definitely lacking. We won't go back.Wow this place was neat. There was a wall of ice holding bottles of booze in the bar and a wall of fire. 
I had the Crawfish Ravioli. It was perfect. Just enough spice and a perfect cream sauce. I would definitely order this again, after I try other menu items. It is a bit pricey for the portions, but it is on par with other similar restaurants. All the items ordered looked very appealing on the plate. 
I would visit again next time I am in New Orleans.Went for the Sunday brunch with a couple of friends and they definitely have alot of selections, but it'd be nice if they were edible. There were a few things on point: the cheese grits, and omelet station and the Belgian waffles. Everything else was too greasy or too tough, and since when are mimosas not part of the drinks selection for a brunch?!? Definitely not worth that additional $7. For $30 a person I definitely expected better food.Was in NOLA for Mardi Gras this past spring. It was definately busy, and the wait was to be expected, but our server practically ignored us the whole time. After our orders were taken, food was brought out by someone else and he didn't check back until we were ready for our bill, although he was running past our table helping his other customers.
Regardless of the service, the food was good. The crawfish ravioli was fabulous and the portion was gigantic! I took a slice of dolce de leche cheesecake home with me, it was also gigantic! I ate it for dessert two nights in a row :)
I would be back for a carry-out meal, its around the block from my family's home - but the service was not worth sitting down inside.For several days, Copelands Cheesecake Bistro has been providing catered meals to some of the crew downtown working in the Superdome for a special event.  It's become a running joke how bad their meals are.  Their wraps, when they actually contain meat (which many times, the "chicken wrap" had no chicken in it) are utterly tasteless.  Some meals had no sandwiches in them at all!  Some were "wet" with some unidentified substance, others were completely dry with no condiments.  It was really disappointing.a college favorite. must stop here whenever i visit nola for the bbq shrimp pasta pizza entree and white chocolate bread pudding.Very good food and atmosphere. My wife and I came to New Orleans and stumbled across this place. Despite some of the negative reviews, we really enjoyed this place. So much so, we came back! Food was excellent. Atmosphere was calming and relaxing. Service was pretty good. Only downside was that it is a little expensive for the portions but would still recommend!Had a simply ridiculous experience here. 
Came in and a hostess offered to seat us, another hostess came up and got in a fight with our hostess about seating... no one acknowledged us, we just waited for them to stop. 
We were seated, I ordered a hot toddy, she brought me whiskey on ice 20 minutes later... She also said she couldn't take our food order at that time, but would come back. 
I went to the restroom, where there was no toilet paper. Came out and let a staff member know about the TP, she told me to tell someone else, not her problem. 
At forty minutes I was brought the whiskey on ice back, which had been microwaved (glass hot, water lukewarm). She then allowed us to pace an order, we both ordered gumbo. at an hour, she cam and told us she didn't know how long it would be. the place was empty, and we ordered something that is presumably made in bulk before hand... I told her we were leaving, she tried to charge me for microwaved whiskey.
As we were leaving the hostess who was fighting with our hostess was screaming "suck my dick" at the valet....We came here for my birthday, and the food may have been the worst value I've had since moving here four years ago. I ordered the garlic steak (medium rare), my wife a house salad and the roast chicken. The food came out within about 5 minutes of ordering, so I suspect that it was not freshly cooked. My steak was overcooked, and I doubt it was ever the 8 ounces listed on the menu. My wife's salad was wilted, and her chicken was extremely dry and stringy. We ended up leaving half our meal on the table. All of this came to $55.00, I wouldn't pay half of that for this meal.
Service was relatively polite, not great but nothing to complain about.