Bread, special bread basket & fried Soft shell crab spectacular!  Duck and scallops also great.  Soft shell crab extremely ever so lightly breaded making the crab taste dominate!  Some may think portions are small (for the price) but we thought they were just right.  Had both brunch ($30 for 3 courses) and dinner there.The food was delicious and beautifully presented. The only reason why I'm giving 4 stars is because the hostess was not very welcoming nor polite--the rest of the waitstaff was wonderful though, and it's a really cute little restaurant.We were called by the many exemplary reviews from Yelp, Frommer's, Trip Advisor and others. So happy we heeded the call‼
We decided on the Chef's Surprise and were treated to multiple delectable and unexpected delights.
Alex, our server, was fantastic, and the evening was a 12 on a 10 point scale!!We stopped here on our way to R'evolution to have a few small bites before dinner.  Great choice. The ambience is nice and it's a relaxed place. But I must tell you.  Try the fried chicken. Try the fried chicken. Try the fried chicken. It's pretty amazing. Even for New Orleans standards. You won't regret it.I wish I could leave 4.5 stars! I'm going to leave 5 in hopes of bumping them up to 4.5!
I had a lovely time dining solo at the bar on Saturday night. Host service was helpful, and all servers appeared to be competent, well prepared, and efficient. I watched them quite a bit, and never once was someone standing around doing nothing. The staff had a bee-colony like work ethic to them that was never rushed, even though they were busy. The menu changes often, and I loved the wine list. They were both small, but had a perfect amout of everything for everyone. I love not having to wade through mediocre options and get straight to the good stuff!
Bartender was efficient and educated on his product. Service at the bar was very nice. I love the ambiance, and the noise level was adequate for a bistro. That's to say, I wouldn't take my hard of hearing grandfather here, but it would be the perfect place for a date night or to take my parents for dinner.
Food was excellent, although portions are a touch on the small side. I do believe I paid a fair price, given the quality of the food I had. I began with the steak tartare with greek yogurt and slaw. It was lovely. I then had the pork shoulder with figs and summer squash. Absolutely great. The complimentary house bread is also divine. 
To drink, I began with a Cotes du Provence Rose (fabulous), and moved to a Bourgogne Rouge (I can't remember the producer...), and finished up with Pierre Ferrand Cognac (yummy). 
All in all, I really enjoyed my evening, and will be back. This time, to share with others!Had dinner with my lovely dinner pals and arrived early and they had no problem seating us and giving us time to prepare for the gastrofestival that was about to take place.  This is a midsize and very open restaurant/bar with seating along the wall and bar ends to the back side.
We chose to try the chef's 5 course blind tasting and it was amazing.  What began with a slight hesitation and concern quickly turned into excitement of the surprise of what was next.
We began with cured meet and sorbet that cleared the pallet and prepared us for the delightful onslaught of flavors.
I am not going to give away the surprises that followed but the gnocchi (***** stars) has now made it a requirement, that my future companion knows how to make these.  The dessert was full of technique and complexity but I was expecting a more decadent traditional dessert.
I would also recommend the wine pairing.  The chef's choices clearly enhanced our dining experience and help me set aside some prejudice I had towards white and rose.
Now the chef's blind tasting is not for the faint at heart.  Dinner for three and drinks for two was almost $125 p/p and while I am more than ready to do it again, its clearly not a weekly adventure.
Parking is heavy on Magazine and while I enjoy the ambiance, when I am hungry and have to find street parking it can become a bear.  The only reason that it is 4 star and not five is because I did not like being so close up to the bar while we were dining and it was difficult at times to hear my companions with bar conversations taking place right behind me.  I didn't know there was a upstairs seating area so maybe that would be a more quiet environment.  
The food is CLEARLY 5 star but the overall experience was a 4.7 and I dont round up.Went for lunch on a Friday. Service was kind and answered (a lot of complicated) questions, both before the food was served and after (regarding the preparation because we were so impressed). Was so stuffed from the last few days of gorging in NOLA that we split the fried spicy chicken (with whipped honey and pickles) to share, as well as the three course lunch menu (shared): tea cured cobia over cucumber dill and creme fraiche (divine), smoked drum salad with pickled summer squash and pickled chervil (perfect), sorghum ice cream profiteroles (fresh, not soggy at all), and an apple upside down cake. Absolute heaven. They split the plates for us without asking and no extra charge. Get a reservation early - this place is where its at. Also, totally reasonable and high value for what you're getting.We went for Friday lunch, one of our best meals in New Orleans.  We had the fried chicken with pickles and whipped honey - thin boneless pieces with a nice, thick crunchy, well-spiced coating.  We split the 3 course lunch, and the kitchen split everything for us onto two plates without being asked.  Interesting combinations of local ingredients and flavors - tea cured cobia, smoked drum salad, profiteroles with sorghum ice cream.  Great food, great service, nice atmosphere.Terrible experience! After reading all the good reviewsI decided to have lunch here. Waitress was a walking attitude. When I asked her explaining the menu to me because if a view dish name that I had no idea what it was she looked at me like I was mental and barely gave me a n answer. 
Okay fine I thought let me google it and find out myself..
When my beer arrived in a wine glass (are you trying to be fancy? Use a real beer/pils glass!) the glass was half full like 8 oz max.
$8? You must be kidding! 
I just got up and left.The service is outstanding. The food good, but not amazing. We had: scallops, gnocchi, and bass. Not sure I'll go back...It was all about the catfish dip, roasted cauliflower atop a dill yogurt spread and the fried pork chop with anchovy relish. The bread came warm and folded into a linen napkin. Love that dollop of room temp butter. 
And then there's Allison, the Uber-cool waitress with the mostess.... Allison, I sing to you Elvis Costello style! Thank you so much. You are a rock star and know your shit. So often wait-staff make recommendations that they know absolutely nothing about and ruin my culinary experience. You, on the other hand SLAYED it!
Back to San Francisco I go with a splendid dining experience tucked ever so deliciously in my 
Respectfully yours,
Regina LouiseMy husband and I decided to drive over to NOLA from Baton Rouge for a date night.  It was a last-minute decision, so we picked this place based off its Yelp reviews (read: how well New Orleans natives like it) and availability on a Saturday night.
First, the restaurant itself.  It's pretty, the staff is friendly, and it's not nearly as stuffy as other restaurants in its price range.  We were seated upstairs near the waiters' bar.  First thought: I couldn't hear my husband over the groan of the A/C.  Quite loud.  The music:  a strange selection that didn't seem to match the environment.  The seating:  My husband sat in a chair and I was seated at the long wooden bench that runs the length of the wall.  After about 45 minutes, my backside was completely numb.  A cushion of some sort would have gone a long way to my comfort.  My husband's chair was not any more comfortable.  We tried switching it up but sitting still at that table for that long was not helping either of us.
Next, the food.  Not long after being seated, a waiter brought piping hot, crusty bread and whipped butter to our table.  The bread was so hot that each time you pulled out a slice, steam would escape.  It was absolutely delicious.  Perfect crust and soft, gluten-y interior.  We snacked on it while we looked over the menu carefully.
We knew that the menu changes daily, but based on the Yelp reviews, it looked as if there were a few repeat items that we'd both enjoy.  We chose an appetizer and two small plates to share, and we each ordered a large plate that looked appealing to us.  The appetizer was a selection of cured meats with roasted hazelnuts, shaved comte' (Gruyere) cheese, some sort of root beer vinegar and ginger that had been preserved somehow.  The description on the menu said "selection of cured meats," but it was all prosciutto.  I'm really not a fan of it, so I was disappointed there wasn't a better selection of meats.  The cheese really didn't have much flavor, nor did the root beer vinegar.  The ginger was an odd flavor to add to the mix, and though I love hazelnuts, they just added to the weirdness of this mixture.  I did eat some of all of it, trying different combos of meat/cheese/vinegar/nuts, but never did find a combo that I'd say I enjoyed.
The small plates:  We ordered the crabmeat w/basil and roasted eggplant and the "yak-a-mein" soup.  We got the latter because our server recommended it and it sounded tasty.  To be fair, it was - but it was SO salty that neither of us could eat it.  Wow.  I mean I love salt, but this was like picking up a bottle of full sodium soy sauce and chugging it.  Nope, couldn't do it.  I was sad, because I really liked the flavor of the soup otherwise.  The crabmeat - my husband enjoyed this one.  Now, I've lived in South Louisiana most of my life, and I sincerely love crabmeat - but this dish was kind of gross to look at.  The "basil" actually looked like some kind of green feta that was crumbled over the top.  The roasted eggplant was buried under the crab and basil and was unrecognizable in taste and appearance - so much so that we had forgotten it was supposed to be eggplant at all.  I love eggplant, but this had a tangy flavor to it and it was cold.  Add that to the green cheesy appearance of the crab and I was done.
The large plates:  My husband ordered the smoked duck plate.  It looked appetizing.  It had a lot going on - he described it as something you had to "deconstruct" to eat.  He thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the pork neck with eggplant, frizzled onions, and mint.  My plate had a VERY strong smoked smell emanating from it - granted, I'm pregnant and everything smells more strongly than usual, but even my husband said he thought it was his smoked duck at first.  Nope, it was mine.  Everything was brown and dark looking, with a mess of frizzled green onions on the top.  The eggplant was smushed under the chunks of pork and everything sat atop a bright green sauce - supposedly the mint.  I tasted a chunk of pork that wasn't in the sauce.  Strong smoked flavor, but cooked well and very tender.  Overall tasty - but it tasted like dry pork that needed...something.  So I sliced a piece of eggplant and dredged it and a bite of pork into the sauce.  OMG, MISTAKE.  The sauce tasted sour and not at all like mint.  I had my husband try it, who described it as "battery acid."  Said it was truly horrible and that he couldn't get the taste out of his mouth.  I tried for several minutes to find a piece of food on my plate that this green sauce had not touched - but to no avail.  It was absolutely pervasive.  I could not eat my dish at all, so I ate more bread.
The server came over, and I explained to her that I just did not care for the sauce which was touching everything on my plate.  She apologized and asked if I'd like something else.  No, I was full of bread by then.  She took it off our bill.  We skipped dessert and left.  Can't say we'll be back.  2 stars for the staff.This may be the best food we've ever eaten. The cauliflower vegetarian dish was perfect and the trout, shrimp, and crab was detailed exquisitely.Dear God this place is amazing. Since my very brief time in New Orleans with my fiancé, it's been hard to forget this place. We ordered the hot chicken and the catfish appetizers which can only be described as some of the best stuff I've ever put in my mouth. Describing it could hardly do it justice but I will try. Reading about the ingredients, most may think these flavors odd together. The mandarin oranges, plantain chips, catfish. And then pickles with my chicken? However, putting them in your mouth is a different story. It made me feel like one of those snobby food critics whilst tasting weird dishes on these competitive Food network shows. They'll usually compliment the "balance" or "acidity." These are qualities that I never fully understood until trying these dishes, and that bliss that stems from said "balance" is nothing short of incredible.
Did I also mention the bread? The freshly baked bread? The endless complimentary loaves? Oh yeah. We kept drinking and they just kept baking. "More bread?" "yes please!" I'm not crazy! We must have eaten two whole loaves, but you know what? I don't even care. In fact, if I could only eat one kind of bread for the rest of my life it would be this one. It was like some sort of gluten high!
The drinks were also superb. I had a bubbly rose and my fiancé the stiffest ole fashioned he's probably ever had. 
And somewhere in our drunken, gluttonous stupor, I began to fear the inevitable nostalgia for my future self, that food this good is likely to bring upon oneself. I thought "some day I'll be back at home in California and I'll be wishing I had food this good...and it'll be so very far away." Well, that day has come. 
If anyone who is reading this has a chance to eat here TAKE THAT CHANCE and have some bread for me ;)First of let me say that this is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. I've eaten at all the big popular places and Coquette is by far the most interesting, thoughtful and creative food I've had in the city. If you are a picky eater or like to stick to the classics, this might not be for you. 
They have an ever changing menu the utilizes seasonal ingredients. Their menu is set up with small plates, entree and dessert or a five course tasing menu (chefs choice and the whole table has to participate). This is the only restaurant I've been to where the portions are perfect size so I can choose my three courses and it is the perfect amount of food. 
The small plates are as their name suggests, small. I've seen a lot of reviews complaining about the portion sizes but hey, it's literally in their name. With the exception of a few dishes, most are big enough for two people to share. If you aren't sure on the size, ask the waiter, they will be honest with you! The catfish dip is probably my favorite small plate.
The entries are pretty typical size and I've never ordered one I didn't like. 
The desserts are worth a major shout out. While the menu plays them down to look simple and boring, they are anything but. Every dessert I have had is an elaborate arrangement of items that look deconstructed but work together very well. There are usually 3 to 5 different components that are delicious by themselves or taken in a bite with the other things on the plate. 
Okay, time for my CONS:
If you want cheap food and large portions, this is not the place for you. 
You will probably need a reservation. This place is constantly busy.
If you don't like noisy restaurants, request to sit downstairs. The upstairs portion is ridiculously loud and one night when I was on a date, our nice night out was all but ruined by having to sit upstairs next to two tables of people who were literally screaming. We could barley hear our waiter enough to order.
Lastly, the fried chicken brunch is to die for, do yourself a favor and try it. I think it is only on weekends but it comes with fried chicken, biscuits, pickles, deviled eggs and two sides.My friend and I have decided to go out for Friday lunches every other week and due to reputation via Yelp, we decided to make this our first stop. And I am SO glad we did.
We heard about the $20 3-course lunch and decided to each order different things so we could try several dishes. I ordered the oyster appetizer, the pork belly and beignets, which I was dying to try. My friend ordered the bibb salad, lamb neck and beignets (we each were feeling greedy). 
Oysters: Yum-yum. The onions on them could've been cooked a bit longer, but the flavor was interesting. We couldn't pinpoint the spice that made it so delicious, but kept thinking it must be something Indian. Very good.
The Bibb Salad: Fresh and perfectly dressed, sprinkled with pig ear atop a soft boiled egg. The combination of flavors and textures was delectable. 
The Pork Belly: Plate came as a do-it-yourself wrap kit. Again, very fresh and well-balanced, savory blend of flavor. *Runner up* 
The Lamb Neck: Hearty, but not greasy. Kind of like a stew. Definitely hit the spot, given the cold weather. 
The Beignets: We got ours with Irish Coffee. Each order came with 5 fluffy clouds of delicious-ness sprinkled with powdered sugar, served with a tiny cup of coffee mousse and a caramel dipping sauce. They were definitely the best beignets I've had in town since I moved here. THE BEST. *Winner of Dinner... er... lunch!*
Their glass wines are also delicious - great selection. I'm partial to the Willamette Valley reds and fruit-forward varietals, and was very happy with their Pinor Noir. I didn't order any of the specialty cocktails, but I'll be back on a Wednesday when they have a $5 special on them. They look creative and interesting. 
It's a favorite on here for a reason - delicious, innovative, not overly complicated, savory dishes and great wine pairings in a quaint, classy neighborhood bistro.
I didn't really notice the service a whole lot. The hostess was nice, but we sat at the bar. The bartender was busy, but took care of us. When each runner dropped food, they made sure to ask if we needed something. They have their service down. Boom. 
All creative, not over-thought dishes
All delicious
Great bistro atmosphere in the LGD
BEST BEIGNETS evahhhh!Oh my gosh best food we have eaten in New Orleans. We went for brunch. The menu was creative and scrumptious. I had the risotto with mushrooms sausage...,incredible.  I then had the beef cheeks over biscuits eggs and gravy.  The most interesting use of herbs. My husband had the gumbo and the catfish. Oh my yum. 
The desserts were perfect. Sweet potatoe pie and cookies and cream.  The texture and flavors heavenly.  The complimentary bread was. Must try.The service is outstanding. The food is delicious and interesting. Then, there are the cocktails. Ah, the cocktails. This is a fantastic restaurant.Fantastic Food!  Service was very good although Maypop was slightly better!  One of the best meals of my lifeAmazing start to finish. The staff was courteous, attentive, but never annoying. We had a small plate of Ricotta gnocchi, wild mushrooms, and beef short rib to share. They brought out wonderfully baked bread. I had butternut squash, farro piccolo, brussels, cipollini onion. Husband had pork neck, tuscan kale, gala apple, charred lemon. Also had several cocktails and the ice cream trio. All were simply amazing. Literally no complaints. We sat upstairs by a window. Perfect date night ambiance. We would absolutely come back again to try a different menu, as it is always changing.Excellent all the way around!! The whole family said it was the best meal they had while in New Orleans. The waiter and waitress went above and beyond. Extremely cookie wait staff. We will make it a habit to stop and eat anytime we are in NOLA.The most innovative and food I've ever eaten. Delicious, too! Most impressive was a quail stuffed with pork sausage, wrapped in bacon and served with a chicken liver sauce. So many savory and earthy flavors in this dish. Make sure to start your meal with one of their specialty cocktails and finish with one of their creative desserts.Yeah, we ran into this place on toasty day two years ago while walking around the garden district.  We were just blown away by the quality of the food and drinks.  Went to August a few days later and, in all honesty, Coquette food and drinks were way better.  Had soft shell crab at both and coquettes was simple superb in comparison.  So, back in NOLA tow years later and stopped by to see if they were for real and yes, they haven't missed a beat.  Hands down the best dining and at truly reasonable prices.  For lunch or dinner, this is well with the trip if your over in the Quarter or Business district or even beyond.  Just love this place, give your self a treat and try it out!Simply wonderful! Ambiance was great, beautiful old building with nice details. Our server was very attentive and described dishes beautifully. The cornbread cavatelli and soft shell were fantastic.  If you usually skip the bread and butter, don't while at coquette. The bread and butter was unreal. Wonderful wine selection and it sounds like the cocktails are very good! I couldn't have been happier! Next time we're in Nola, we'll be back.Absolutely one of the best meals I've had in a long time.  Flawless on every count.  Every single thing we ordered was remarkable.  Easily the best meal we had on our NOLA food tour.  The charcuterie platter had some pate and meats that were mind blowing.  And the chocolate and caramel "explorations" were among the best things I've ever tasted.I really wanted to love this place. It's a great neighborhood location, great staff, and short ribs were good. The rest of the meal was not stunning. The appetizers lacked zing or depth of flavor.... something.  They were too bland. My Red Snapper  had the potential to be great, but it was only ok.I love to eat out but I also love to cook. Perhaps it's hubris, but I like to think I'm a pretty good cook. It's rare that I eat somewhere, where I'm not secretly thinking "I could probably come pretty close to this at home." This place is the exception. 
I took my girlfriend here for our one year anniversary. She had wanted to try the coolinary special, which is offered in several fine dining restaurants throughout New Orleans. The deal is you get a 3 course meal for $35 a person. The catch is I'm a vegetarian and few places offer vegetarian meals with this deal. Coquette's listed coolinary entree is catfish but they said they could make all 3 courses vegetarian upon request.
The restaurant has a great upscale ambience which is perfect for a fancy date. They have three glass chandeliers and the bathroom is bigger than some apartments I've lived in. The wait staff is attentive but never intrusive and extremely friendly. Nothing I put in my mouth here was less than extraordinary. The bread and butter was the best I've ever had. That wasn't a distinction I would have made before eating in this restaurant.  The cucumber soup was exquisite. The temperature and viscosity were nothing short of perfect. The vegetarian entree was mostly eggplant. Typically, I only like eggplant fried and heavily sauced in an eggplant parmesan sandwich. Not at the place, the eggplant came in a delicious gazpacho sauce and was cooked to perfection. Not to mushy and not to chewy. I have no idea how they did it. The eggplant was topped with mushrooms, gnocchi spinach and plum tomatoes. I have no idea how it was seasoned, but the spice combination was perfect. The seasoning brought out the underlying flavors of the vegetables while also adding a flavor component of their own. The desert was outstanding too. I'm not even sure what it was. I believe it was some sort of run flavored ice cream in a chocolate sauce. 
My grievances are two. Firstly, everything was too salty. Secondly, there wasn't a red wine under $9.  I can't really be that pissed about either of these because most food in the south is too salty for my Yankee pallet and this restaurant is fancy as hell.
The food here is beyond food. I've never been disappointed by fine dining in New Orleans but this place is on another level. I seriously thought about mugging the chef, kidnapping him and demanding cooking lessons. This is one of the best meals I've ever had. I almost forgot to mention, the check comes with a praline!We had lunch here, and it was fine. I had the baked oysters which were a bit bland, and the "pulled lamb" which was ok also. service was good and I would certinly go there again. Beginets were great.Ate alone on a business trip. I sat at the bar. The staff was very friendly. I had the steelhead trout appetizer and red snapper. The red snapper was great, really flavorful. I have had a fair amout of trout...never steelhead. Maybe I just don't know this fish. It was good, but I can't say I would order it again. Decor and atmosphere was great.I love visiting New Orleans and finding new restaurants.  Coquette will definitely be on my list to try again.  The decorum was fabulous and I loved the tiled floor and the wooden bar.  I had the scallops which were melt in your mouth good.  My friend had a fish dish which I can't remember but apparently she called herself the winner of our two plates.  I loved mine.   We shared the beignets with salted caramel sauce.  I wanted to drink up the sauce all on it's own.
The wine selection was fair we started with bubbles and switched to white.  However, I did see a few mixed drinks served and I loved the presentation.
It was great to be away from the Quarter and feel like a local again.  We enjoyed a nice walk down Magazine.Disappointing. There is so much hype about this place, that I came in expecting to love it, but was let down with every dish. 
While it is clearly excellent quality food and beautiful presentation, portions were too small and flavors didn't stand out as much as I was expecting. It was an entirely forgettable meal. 
Also annoying was that they sat us in the upstairs room despite their being downstairs tables available because (I believe) we were not local. 
It paled in comparison to places like Cochon, Peche and August.This is called a Yelp Review Update Number 3...
SPECTACULAR.
The service is impeccable.  We actually got friendly with / developed a rather nice relationship with our servers (plural servers..).  They were extremely personable and provided excellent, sound recommendations...  They were the type of people that you would be friends with if you weren't there eating dinner...  Nice, down to earth people..
Quality of food and craft cocktails - TOP NOTCH.
My favorite restaurant in New Orleans.I've been to Coquette several times including yesterday for lunch. It's always been excellent. I particularly enjoy the cocktails, which are extremely well-made. Yesterday I ordered an old-fashioned and it was (surprisingly) made with a spicy kick. I never would have ordered this since I like the sweetness of an old-fashioned, however I loved the taste so much I ordered another.
The quality of Coquette is such that even the simple appetizer salad with greens, candied pecans, feta cheese and a vinaigrette becomes a perfect blend of flavors. My entree of fried catfish over fresh veggies was richer than expected but very enjoyable. The portion was fairly large.
One thing that was odd was that the prix-fixe dessert was stated to be a chocolate torte with kettle corn ice cream, but we were brought out a creme brulee-like custard in a thin shortbread crust instead of the chocolate torte. It was not very flavorful, but the kettle corn ice cream was absolutely delicious. It came with scattered pieces of popcorn very lightly glazed with a salty-sweet coating. Overall, yum!It was a fun experience dining here. The table we got had some glare from a streetlamp but they managed to adjust it so it didn't affect us that much. I appreciate short, well-thought out menu. The food was excellent, no complaints in that regard.From the service, quality of ingredients, composition and ambience, this place is fantastic. Friendly, tasty and relaxing with a hint of something special... This place is a gem!I think I'm in love! Brought visitors here for lunch and had one of the best meals we've all had in a long time!
Service was great, the food was phenomenal and the wine paired just right...
Had the shrimp and grits and it blew my mind. What a flavor extravaganza.
Thank you, we will be back.we came across this place as we wandered around...decided to check it out just because it was there...had a wonderful time and ate many different and new things...On a trip to New Orleans, I had the good fortune of dining at Coquette twice - once for dinner and once for lunch. Both times I was pleasantly surprised that Coquette lived up to the hype, everything we tried was delicious, particularly a great soft shell crab, and our cocktails were pure class as well. I would highly recommend Coquette for the great food, atmosphere and fantastic service.Fantastic experience, attentive and knowledgable staff.  The paris brest dessert was yummy too!This place was amazing. I had the chef's tasting menu and my husband had the duck breast. Yelp-find that was amazing!One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. We tried the tasting menu, which was amazing. Service was fantastic.One of the best meals I've ever had.  You guys are absolutely amazing.  We came in with a group of 18 and the staff was were so accommodating and sweet.  I got the wagyu beef and I will say it was cooked to perfection and was perfectly tender.  The okra was to die for. If you want a meal with perfect service and perfect taste, this is your place.Came here for lunch on my wife's 30th birthday. I made the reservation through Open Table and simply put in the notes it was my wife's b-day not expecting anything fancy. Well our server greeted us with 2 complimentary glasses of champagne to start with and wished my wife a happy bday.
Overall this was a great experience, Even for lunch they have great options, I ended up getting the Duck Breast which was cooked to perfection. Also they have a tremendous cocktail selection for those looking for a bit more than the usual Jack and Coke. and they have a pretty expansive, but moderately priced wine menu.
All in all this was a great experience and I love the fact that they are outside of your normal hot spots (French Quarter, Garden District, etc). They are uptown on Magazine, but this side of Uptown is much less touristy and crowded at least in my opinion.Everything is innovative and very well-executed.  Even if it sounds strange it will be superb,  so don't be afraid to try anything.  Fine attention to detail and not at all overbearing.  Upstairs dining is best.  Upscale casual.  A++ for real foodies.  Not for tourists.  Highly recommend.Ok I'm writing a review on the wait list process and nothing else. We went on a Saturday at 1:30pm. The restaurant was busy but not full. There were 5.open tables and they asked if we had a reservation. Our table of two didn't, so the hostess said she couldn't seat us for the rest of lunch because they are packed. So I don't want to get in too much detail about a hostess' job but she sucked and the rsvp system needs updating. There are so many things wrong with this situation I dont even know where to begin but my point is ... no restaurant is THAT good to be completely ignorant in seating their guests. By the way in the 15 minutes while we were finding a restaurant to eat no one showed up to take the 5 available table. I hope their imagery 5 tables were worth the bad review, no returning customer, and customers that will never pass but negative words because I got stopped at the door like it was the bee nees of a club. This place needs to get over themselves and find a better hostess that knows how to coordinate and take a name.We were visiting from out of town and had made a brunch reservation because reviews looked good. It was not... the hostess, server, and bartender were all rude... the brunch menu was just lunch dishes... we left after 15 minutes and went next door.Had a wonderful dinner here for our 5th anniversary. We did the 5 course blind-tasting menu and had a great experience from beginning to end. Service was great and each course was delightful. The freshly baked warm bread we got upon sitting down was wonderful. Then we made our way through some amuse bouches, such as the fried oysters with watermelon hot sauce, after which we started our first course: a salad with crisp local veggies in a wonderful citrus dressing. The salad was such a delight, with such intense and unique flavors (perennial cucumbers that look like cherry tomatoes; pickled beet) that it might have even been my favorite dish of the evening. We were also served beef tartare, red snapper, duck, and then a slice of watermelon with lemon bitters, micro basil and pop rocks as a palette cleanser. It was so much fun to eat and absolutely delicious. We were served zucchini flower beignets for dessert, which ended our meal on a high note. The server also brought us two glasses of complimentary champagne so we could toast our anniversary. All in all, a wonderful culinary experience. It made eating fun, and we enjoyed every bite and moment!My SO and I ate at Croquette on a Friday evening around 7:00pm.  Croquette has a nice quiet and more upscale atmosphere.  I can't say enough for the staff at Croquette.  We called ahead to see if they could accommodate two hungry vegans and they obliged.  We arrived and they were prepared!  My SO and split a small plate and a large plate.  The small plate was a pumpkin faro type dish the chef adapted to be vegan and it was quite delicious.  For the large plate we got the Fingerling Sweet Potatoes and they were out of this world!  I would recommend to any vegan or carnivore who finds themselves in New Orleans because of the amazing staff, romantic atmosphere, and amazing food!
What we got:
Pumpkin Faro [My Rating: 8/10]
Fingerling Sweet Potatoes [My Rating: 10/10]
Keywords: Vegan, VegetarianFood was very good. occasionally bordering on the sublime. Only issue was that it was a bit high falutin for the grandparents in the group. Room is nice, service is pleasant and efficient.
Took a party of 10 here for dinner - it was good, but i think the restaurant's sweet spot is probably a party of 4.
On the negative side, I was surprised about how big the bill got, and i am no fan of an automatic 20% of the all-in bill being added as a tip for large parties. Overall, fully priced, but good. Based on the reviews, I may try brunch next time.Last night we had dinner at Coquette. We'd previously only had lunch. It was fantastic. Everything about it was good, and while the food is most definitely Louisiana, there's a certainly lightness to the cuisine that keeps it from being gut-busting. 
We were with a large group so we got to taste many things but my favorites were the pork tenderloin (my entree), my husband's outrageous fish, and the butternut squash cavatelli with fried chicken (outrageously good). Even the bread was fantastic, and cocktails were unreal. Service is attentive and very pleasant.
I really love this place. So should you.The food here is amazing.  My wife had the fried chicken and a side of grits.  I had the hanger steak for two,  which was perfect for one hungry guy.  Chicken was crispy, crunchy and tender at the same time.  It came with whipped honey. Yes that is as good a it sounds.  The steak was Sous vide for 24 hours and then charred at the finish.  It was outstanding.  Make a reservation.  They try really hard with the service and they are really nice.  The brunch cocktails are strong and complement the food nicely.   They even let my wife taste the bloody mary mix before she ordered.  Will return on our next trip.The fried Brussels sprouts are the bomb. I mean lick the plate good. Seriously. The rest of the meal was pretty good too. Start with the mixed drinks: mine was the Bailout and was delish. Wife had the Low Country Sour and was just Ok but not great. The crabmeat appetizer was good, but the paste/sauce on it needed some flavor and was bland (the homemade thin-sliced Tasso was GOOD). Grilled drum was quite good - i'd order again. Nice glass of Malbec to top it off for a nice meal. Note: on the expensive side, even for New Orleans. We had no reservations on a Friday night, so we ended up sitting at the bar (note to self - make reservations, stupid). Despite that, service was excellent.I have to attend pretentious over-priced dinners at hotels and restaurants of celebrity chefs as part of my work on a regular basis.
So when my boss said, you pick - I was on a hunt. To find something I liked.
Something eclectic, with a great menu and excellent food. Not to mention a great atmosphere.
So when I made 6 VP's take 2 taxis out of the French quarter for a dinner at coquette's I got some very sideways looks.
We've never heard of it.
How did you find it?
What made you pick this place.
Man were they nervous.
And I got the gold star of the week after.
Excellent dinner! Great service! The decor is just my style! And the locally sourced food made me oh so happy!
Thank you for an excellent dinner and for letting me show 'my style' of eating out to the mucky mucks!
I only give 4 stars because 1 or 2 menu items weren't available that night. Otherwise - excellent!My husband and I ate dinner here on our date night. The service was good. We had reservations for 5:45 and most tables were empty until 6:30. I called for reservation and they said they were booked hum? They sat us in the second floor all the way in the back. (Or very front however you look at it...next to the window) wow and it was totally empty.
Anyway, the food was delicious and the portions were small, afterall, it's French cuisine. The menu only listed the ingredients not the actual name of the food. Lol it reminded us of Chopped. The tv series and the combination of ingredients were alittle strange. We will return because the food was very good and hopefully we get to sit where all the cool people sit. LolIncredible meal!  I went for the blind tasting with the wine pairing and they knocked it out of the park.By far my absolute favorite restaurant in town.  -Incredible food, wonderful service, and a memorable experience EVERY SINGLE TIME WITHOUT FAIL.  Bravo Coquette, keep up the amazing work!!This was a wonderful find. Put yourself in the hands of the chef and do the 5 course blind food tasting. We included the wine pairing and it was the best meal we had on the trip.Amazing service and great cocktails. I had an appetizer and an entree, but my friend ordered the 5 course tasting menu. The waiter paced our courses perfectly. 
I had the crawfish cavatelli appetizer, white asparagus crab soup. The cavatelli was amazing. Seriously, would have eaten it as an entree. The soup was rich and very tasty. Would order it in a heart beat. My softshell crab dish was too salty for me. The waiter immediately removed it and took it off the bill. Tried my friends scallops, shrimp dish, and beneigts and they were all great. The beneigts came with a great pudding. On my list of must go-tos the next time I'm in NOLATruly, I cannot say enough good things about this place. Our lunch was so good, I almost scrapped our dinner plans and went back, but decided to put them on my dinner list next trip. First, the restaurant itself is a very charming café/wine bar. The bar is gorgeous dark oak. Service was very prompt and helpful, even offering opinions when we asked for them. Once our server realized we were game, he offered his opinions on a couple of things without prompting, which I appreciated, as he was very knowledgeable.
At our waiter's suggestion, we shared the roast oysters with fennel and Benton's bacon ragout, and horseradish for an appetizer. They came out piping hot and delectable. As good as they were (and they were moist and delicious), they were the weak link in a meal that frequently entered into the sublime. 
We ordered separate entrees and split them on an extra plate, another lovely suggestion from our server. We tied in the entrée Olympics, as both were divine. I ordered the shrimp and grits and was blown away by the rich, full flavor of both the shrimp and the grits. The dish included red pepper, which gave it a nice zing. My mom ordered the special, the scallops, which were equally good. 
We ordered the fresh squeezed lemonade, which was so tasty, we were compelled to order cocktails. We each ordered a champagne cocktail that was lovely and clearly made with all fresh ingredients. Their bartender has it going on, big time.
Just when I thought things couldn't get any better, we ordered dessert. I ordered the panna cotta, which was served with blood orange and candied fennel. I adore panna cotta, and this was quite possibly the best I've ever had. Even given that, it couldn't compete with my mom's chocolate pot de crème, which made us delirious with its light, fluffy chocolate taste. I like pot de crème, but sometimes it is too dense. Not this - it was light as a cloud, served with a dollop of whipped cream. Even better, it was accompanied by about eight fluffy beignets sprinkled with powdered sugar. I truly can't think of a better dessert I've had anywhere on the planet.
I've been dreaming of this meal, and cannot wait to go back. It's food so good, it's worth a special trip to New Orleans just to eat there. I was chatting with the manager, who told me the chef used to be the sous chef at August, so his talent comes with a pedigree, too.Coquette is my favorite restaurant in New Orleans, so I was really excited to try the No Menu Tuesday offering that they have going on right now.  It's $45 for 4-5 courses, and as the name implies, you don't get to order off of the menu.  You get what you get, and ya don't pitch a fit.  LOL
When we arrived for our 8:30 pm reservation, we were seated by the front window.  I hate this spot.  Being seated in the window with the glaring lights from the street light, and the Smoothie King sign somehow ruin the atmosphere for me. But they were a full house, so no asking to be moved.
We were told that the theme of the evening was Summer squash.  
Neither of us were drinking, so the waitress said they were offering a lemonade drink.  My friend ordered that.  Neither of us cared for it.  It was too sour.
First we were brought out small nibbles of zucchini bread, and a piece of squash filled with catfish.  Both were delicious.  We're off to a good start!
Our first course was a roast squash soup.  It was a cold soup, which I've never been a big fan of.  I just really love hot food.  Even though it's not my jam, the flavor of the soup was still good.
Next course was squash latke with lump crabmeat and a pear Remoulade.  This was very good.  It was my favorite course.
Next up was a squash and potato porridge.  It really wasn't like porridge to me.  It was room temperature chopped up marinated vegetables and what looked like lentils.  It was o.k.  
By this point I'm dying for some hot food.
Next was the main course, which was listed on the menu as a Summer squash steak and lamb croquette.  What it was, was about half a piece of grilled squash, and a square piece of breaded lamb the size of a marshmallow.  Both were atop a honey mustard type dressing.  I didn't like this dish at all.  The flavors didn't work for me.  The lamb was dry, and again...this dish wasn't hot.  It was room temperature. 
The dessert was zucchini beignet with vanilla ice cream, raisins, and cane syrup.  I'm not a sweets person, but this dessert was delicious.
When we received our bill, we were shocked to see that the lemonade was $6.50.  Nuts.
One thing that rubbed me slightly wrong was that in the middle of the meal I told my waitress that my stomach was a little upset and asked if she could bring me some soda water with a splash of bitters in it.  I got charged $2.50 for it.   
At the end, both of us felt really unsatisfied.  From the lack of any hot dishes, to the one square of protein, it just didn't do it.  I felt that $45 was high for this meal, especially since they were advertising it as being similar to their $70 chef's tasting menu.  And I wanted to cry thinking of the pictures I'd seen from previous No Menu Tuesdays...to include a shrimp and crab boil one night, and sweetbreads on another.  
Some other friends of mine that dined earlier that evening gave the exact same feedback regarding no hot food, and ridiculous protein serving size.
Sorry for lack of pictures.  They all look horrible due to the street light coming in through the window.Decent food, wait a little longer than expected for having a reservation, service was average.Everything about this restaurant was perfect! We were celebrating my birthday and even though they did not know beforehand, the service, atmosphere and food was everything we hoped for. Loved the vibe, great wine and cocktail list and perfect being on magazine street. Highly suggest you go here for a romantic, fun experience in nola!!!I recently stumbled upon Coquette when a group of my friends were in New Orleans for a bachelorette get-away weekend around Aug 5. This place was so delicious!!! The service was awesome - thanks to our server, Elizabeth. And best of all, the beignets were light, fluffy and super delicious. They were better than Cafe Dumonde in my opinion. You have to try this place!Amazing food- farm to table, every bite was delicious. Smoked trout starter, pimento starter and the shrimp starter. Fantastic! Bread was warm and fresh, great service. If food is your thing you must go there! Service was warm and friendly. Don't miss coquette when you visit Nola. We are from SF so a little spoiled with awesome food. Coquette would be packed all the time if in SF. Go!You're thinking to yourself, "I'm hungry and i'd like 5 star food at a 2-3 star price."  Most places, you'd be up a creek without a paddle.  Not at Coquette.  
See, they have a great deal for lunch where you can get the quality food that they serve for a great price.  They have a 3 course lunch for $20 at lunch.  What a deal!  
I'll spare you what the others had since they had determined that I "won" the meal.  I started with the fried oysters.  They came with a great lightly roasted tomato salad.  The acidity of the tomatoes worked perfectly with the lightly fried oysters.  After that, I enjoyed their pork belly dish.  It was served with boston lettuce so you could make your own wraps.  The pork was dressed in a sort of hot and sweet Thai chili sauce.  Oh man.  Just melted in my mouth.  I made more than my fair share of the wraps with their lightly pickled veggies and great spicy mayo.  Basically, everything was done lightly.  Nothing heavy at all.  But "Light" does not mean "Lacking in Flavor."  Everything matched perfectly.  
Finally, I enjoyed their beignets.  These were far lighter than you would get at Cafe du Monde.  Instead, they were more like the pastry in profiteroles.  On the side was a fleur de sel caramel sauce.  Just to die for.  It also came with a chocolate sauce.  Now, I'm a chocolate guy.  I love me some chocolate.  But I only had a taste of the chocolate...that should tell you how decadent and amazing the caramel sauce was.  
My recommendation would be to head out to the garden district for an afternoon.  Start with lunch at Coquette and then walk around the area.  Couldn't have asked for a better day!Very unique restaurant. They serve dishes you would never imagine unless your were a chef your self. The wine selection is spectacular. The atmosphere is great. The food is even better. Be prepared to spend more than usual but it is worth it. Come with and open mind and leave with a memorable experience.Superb!  Masterful!  A delightful blend of flavors equivalent to what one experience that is like what you see on Top Chef.  Fabulous!  Had 2 appetizers - Gulf Shrimp & the Baby Quail with beignets for desert.  Gulf Shrimp was standard NOLA fare.  The Baby Quail was a masterpiece of fried quail on a bed of lettuce with a creamy buttermilk ranch dressing & pickled jalapenos.  Beignets were dense & not liking coffee in my mousse enjoyed with extra powdered sugar.  Service was fantastic - my friend is a regular here.  this was my 1st time on a trip to NOLA which is always a gastronomical delight.  This was the one to top this trip.The pork rillette and foie gras were great!  I had the red chicken and hubby had the rabbit.  We went for a birthday dinner with a large group and the service was great!!!  They stayed on top of the drinks, and were very courteous!  A great experience!I had brunch for the first time this past Saturday after hearing rave reviews about this place but was really disappointed in the nearly all aspects of the experience. First of all it was ridiculously expensive with my bill totaling over $300 for 4 people and I left feeling kinda hungry and deeply unsatisfied both in the experience and the food. The choices for the brunch menu were not exciting and the portion sizes for the food we were served were quite small and terribly oridinary in flavor, design and presentation. Cost for three courses was $30 bucks a head and honestly it wasnt even worth it at that price. My one friend found the duck to be so fatty he pushed most of it to the side and the boiled egg that was served with it was ice cold out of the fridge and didn't seem like the right compliment to the dish. My server-I dont remeber his name but I was extremely turned off by the length of his beard while serving my food. Honestly it was ZZ top length and left me puzzled as to how he was allowed to have a beard at that length while dipping to run & serve food. 
The pacing of the meal was really ff as well. We arrived at Noon and didnt leave until after 230. The first course took 1/2 hour and then over hour later we were served our 2nd course and then 5 minutes after that course the 3rd arrived. It was embarrassing and unprofessional. 
I have to give this place one star for ordinarary and expensive food, poor timing and less than hygenic serving staff!!!We went to Coquette as a group of six on a recent trip to NOLA.  We went in with very high expectations and were not disappointed.
We each ordered the the tasting menu with wine pairing, and decided to buy an extra bottle (Côte du Jura Trousseau) to tide us over between the third and forth courses. 
Some of the highlights were the shrimp crackers with pimento cheese, the smoked cobia,  the crab risotto with popcorn topping (paired with a crisp Chardonnay), a red snapper, and a hanger steak.
The service was what you'd expect (should expect) from a restaurant of this caliber -- a highly attentive staff committed to improving the diner's experience (knowledgeable servers capable of helping with wine selection, each course brought out in a concerted, timely manner, complete with FBTs, etc.)
All in all, I'd say it was a great dining experience. High quality Contemporary Southern cuisine done in proper French technique.  I wouldn't say that I had anything that I found truly unique, however.  Many of the flavor combinations were those I had experienced before in other dishes at other restaurants, but their composition and overall execution were superb. 
We ate at Coquette on our last night in town -- after having just visited Compère Lapin the night before.  We couldn't help but compare the two restaurants -- despite them being very different cuisines.  Had we visited these restaurants in reverse order (or perhaps on a separate trip), I would not feel as compelled to rank order them.  In this case, however, I'd have to say Compère Lapin is the clear winner.Delicious and great service. I recommend always making a reservation in advance because wait times can be long and the bar area very cramped.Took my wife there last night for date-night for the first time. Always heard great things about this place but decided we need to try it for ourselves. Exactly what we were looking for...quaint, non-pretentious yet elegant, great service and creative food. 
We had the ribeye cap and cochon. First restaurant we have tried so far that prepared the cochon tastefully without all the fuss and fat. The ribeye cap was def a new experience, a totally different cut of meet prepared charboiled on the outside, juicy and red inside. 
Pros: All the above + great service. Our waiter, Kent, took the time to describe the "philosophy" of coquette's cooking. Never had that before but simply outstanding description because I tasted it in the food! He was genuine and cared about his role. Outstanding service! 
Cons: They ran out of fries! Totally understand since it sounds like one of the best in town. But perhaps might consider inventory adjustment for the simple and humble potato. 
Will definitely go back again. Might try lunch next time!Amazing! We ate here for Sunday Brunch and had the Eggs Benedict. Wonderful choice. It had a spectacular mix of flavors that was so well paired even down to the tiny garlic/onion flowers. Coquette never disappoints.  Great atmosphere and friendly waitstaff.fresh baked bread and soft butter - perfect
smoked cobra with coffee - outstanding
crab on rye bread - outstanding
fried chicken with whipped honey- chicken was moist - when you found it - under way too much batter - meh
crab large plate  - another meh
It would have been four stars for the food, but our service was schizophrenic - we had a waiter and a helper waiter? assistant? Waiter was great but his assistant was unprofessional. She put the dessert menu down on top a dirty tablecloth that needed to be wiped down - ugh.Arranged a dinner for a large group while in New Orleans (May 2011). Coquette was our favorite meal while there. The atmosphere is good, the service was good (although you have to plan 3 hours for dinner anywhere in New Orleans...) The long bar is great to get a drink while waiting for the table. Tables outside and small tables downstairs are very romantic.
The food was great and not too experienced. We all loved it. The almond tart was incredible. So much wine I can't remember much before that except that I loved it all.We arrived late for our reservation and were greeted with a very poor attitude and punished by being placed in the doorway.  The downside was it was a bit cold next to the door but also that we had to sit next to the hostess station which was a trio of unfriendly, holier than thou women who rarely, if ever, smiled at anyone the entire evening.
As for the food, I'm not quite sure what everyone has been raving about. It was okay but far from outstanding. I had the snapper which was rather fishy. I tasted the hanger steak and found it bit tough. Certainly not great. The roasted carrots were tasty and the broccoli was well prepared. 
I'm happy to have tried Coquette as now I know what's going on there.  If the hostess was more friendly, I'd try it again, but that turned me off. I do not need to go back nor will I recommend it to others.Located in the beautiful Garden District of New Orleans, surrounded by charming works of the late local folk artist, Bill Hemmerling, there I sat in the upstairs dining room of Coquette for a leisurely Sunday brunch. The ambiance and wait staff (especially Elizabeth) were lovely. While my dishes, the oysters with fennel and the shrimp and grits were good, my mom had definitely made the better menu selections. She ordered the pork rilette, which was simple yet delectable, served with a variety of toppings; cherry jam, spicy dijon, bell pepper caponata, and wee little cornichons. She also ordered the battered shrimp with the spicy sambal sauce: great. My dad enjoyed the sausage and sunny-side-up egg. I had the beignets for dessert, which sadly had nothing on Cafe du Monde's. They instead tasted like cream puffs though the salted caramel sauce and coffee creme were delicious. Overall I give it a 5 for ambiance but consider it just shy of a home run for the food.Stumbled onto this place. It is very good. French inspired local cuisine with a neighborhood feel. Every dish we had was expertly executed. Cocktails were imaginative and awesome.  Simply outstanding.This was such a great place to find; we were visiting New Orleans for a conference that happened to take place over our wedding annniversary. We made reservations at Coquette and ordered the blind tasting menu, without the wine pairing (although I do generally like to add it on, we were in complete rosé/sparkling mode and ordered some bubbly for our celebration). The portions were great for two people and the courses were timed perfectly so that we weren't rushed but also didn't sit there starving. I'm fairly certain the menu changes frequently, so it's likely that many of the items we had won't be there on a different visit. For starters they brought us some snacks of the pimento cheese and smoked catfish dip which were both delicious and great appetite-whetters (and seem to be regulars on the menu). We also had BBQ shrimp which were tender, juicy, and amazing (particularly compared to some that we had later in the week), the snapper which was saucy, crunchy, and silky all at the same time, and several other items that of course I couldn't name now but at the time I was literally salivating over. I don't know why the best meals can be the hardest to name later--they just continue to exist as some dreamy, nebulous experience that you can't quite recall but can somehow still vividly remember. That was this meal. It ended with dessert which had some coconut and some raspberry cake and some creamy parts and it was deliriously good. A final little snifter of port, compliments of the house (tip: it pays to tell them if you're celebrating when you reserve on OpenTable) and we were well-equipped to head back out into the sweltering, humid NOLA evening.We experienced the no menu Tuesday. My wife had the wine pairing menu and I had a couple of drinks off the menu. I enjoyed all 5 courses, my favorite being beef tartare. The curry lamb was a pleasant surprise however my wife doesn't  like lamb, so be warned some courses may not be to your liking and or comfort zone. The only negative I have to say is the wine pairing for the main course smelled like a dirty diaper and only tasted slightly better. 
Would recommend to anyone who has an adventurous pallet.