Vanessa is so great and the coffee was perfect! 
She even hooked us up with a sample of the snowball. (Strawberry and Mango fresh juice). 
I'll definitely be back here!Absolutely fantastic place for lunch. Got the black forest ham sandwich and a banana. absolutely fantastic! The ham was lean and very tasty. Chibotta bread was awesome! I LOVED it, will definitely be returning.We loved this place. The interiors are very nice and looked after, and the service was excellent. Also, the espresso and the cappuccino were very good (we are Italian..) and the Erato sandwich was good. Great to stop by and relax.The service is the best! We stayed in a house down the street and didn't have luck with the 1st coffee shop. This one is perfect with delicious sandwiches and great iced lattes. The owner is very sweet and very helpful.This little café is full of color and conversation... just hang for a while and you'll meet all sorts of interesting people. It's a trusted neighborhood spot and a great place for kids and families -- games, books, snacks etc. Vanessa sells some of the best sandwiches in the city, coffee, snowballs, and whatever goodies from local vendors. The food is excellent, but it's also a good friendly place to hang for drinks and snacks if you're on the Surrey's wait list. Definitely among the best cafés in the city!A lovely, tiny place to grab a sandwich and a snowball. I'd plan on going to avoid the after-school crowd. It's across the street from one, and those teachers can throw an elbow if they don't get their after-work sugar fix. 
Did I say the place is cute?Great Latte! Nice quaint place to have a latte while waiting for your table at Surrey's.What a sweet, sweet place! I love the idea of a "family friendly" coffee shop - even if you don't have kids, this is just a totally charming, unpretentious place to come get a coffee or a sno-cone, and the owner is lovely. Can't go wrong. It's also directly across the street from Surrey's, a great brunch spot.I love this place and I don't even drink coffee! I have some coffee drinking friends who really enjoy it. I go for the delicious variety of hot tea and snacks and I've recently become addicted to the vegan pumpkin spice cookies. The owner is very friendly and it's a great place for kids, unlike many other coffee shops. I'm definitely a fan.The best service I've had in such a long time!  Vanessa made us feel like her next door neighbor!  She lent us books for our son from her loaner library and also made us delicious iced coffees!  If only we didn't live in Minnesota cuz this would be our daily stop!Was walking down Magazine, my feet were ACHING. As usual, it was hot and humid and I wanted to die. We found this little oasis across the street from a school, and thanked the lord it was air conditioned. 
The girl at the counter was super friendly when we ordered a much needed snowball. Being that we dont have these little treats in California, I thought the lime looked good. She said yup, it's good..... but add strawberry with it. Heaven!I was in the area and itching for a Snoball the other day, so opened Yelp and found Corner Muse. I'm so glad I did! It was empty when I came in and I chatted with Vanessa, the owner, who is so friendly. I just moved to the city and she was happy to answer my questions about the neighborhood. It was so nice to chat with her while enjoying a sweet treat, which was delicious. Very reasonable prices and lots of good options. I will definitely be back for more Snoballs and coffee!Perfect!!!! The owner, patrons, food, coffee..This place is a real neighborhood gem. The owner really cares about everyone having a great time when they're visiting. It can get loud in the afternoon with all the neighborhood kids running in but it just shows how much the shop is beloved. Try the affogato - it's wonderful - as are all the other coffee options. It's even a great spot to grab a snowball on a hot day.Service is excellent and so pleasant!  Took the family to have a "Snoball". The mix is homemade. Tried the strawberry with condensed milk. Simply delicious!!  Thanks for the extra love making it!!  Highly recommend!What a great little concept! Parent and Child Coffee Shop... I don't have any kids, hell, I don't even drink coffee but the service at this place will keep me coming back! Vanessa (the owner) is a doll! 
I actually went to Corner Muse to get a hot beverage while on a wait-list at another restaurant down the way. Vanessa talked me into trying her Red Velvet Cupcake! It was AMAZING! Probably the best Red Velvet I've ever had! 
If you're ever in New Orleans and you need a "Sweet Fix" skip the beignets and go and see Vanessa for her Specialty Red Velvet!Beautiful place, very colorful and happy. A nice stop when you start wondering the garden district. The service is great, good pastries and excellent variety of coffee.this is a great spot.  especially for kids, and adults can have their coffee too.  you can also rent bikes here now as well, so don't forget this spot.   today I had an iced mocha and then a gourmet popsickle.   chocolate and banana, yummy.  snowballs are a kick here too, so you can't lose out on a hot day.  
mom and son run this, and son?  is a hoot.   mr braydon fu!Wonderful coffee.  Wonderful atmosphere.   Go here for a great comfortable cozy place.Friendly service, delicious snowballs, great music on the stereo, adorable decor.  Great place to linger and read a book.  There are also board games and toys for kids on hand.Love this little place. Owner was so friendly and welcoming. And the snowball! She makes her own syrups, and I had a peach-lime snowball... SO GOOD. Not overly sweet, tasting like a fresh peach in frozen form... I'll be going back for sure.So low key you could almost miss it when passing by. I did for 3 months and I live juts down the street. Happy to have stumbled upon this gem. The place is so quaint and the smells are enough to keep me there all day. Great food, coffee, and service. Can't say enough!!Vanessa was very nice to me.  She is 100% genuine and she makes a great latte.  I will visit this shop as much as I can.I work at the school across the street from The Corner Muse, so obviously it is my go-to spot for the mid-afternoon caffeine jolt, or lunch sandwich (the Erato is addictive and the Clio a fantastic vegetarian treat). But what you should know is that I make the commute "to work" on Saturdays and Sundays too because the Corner Muse is just the kind of place you want to spend your weekend morning at too. Vanessa is an amazing positive spirit who has attracted a wide WIDE variety of interesting regulars as well as out-of-towners in the know. The location is convenient to all the NOLA must-see spots, but I'd recommend going out of your way if necessary in order to experience the true coffeshop culture of the city.Very tasty, home made pasty, cute interior and yummy coffee. Vanessa the owner was warm and welcoming.Vanessa makes the best cappuccino I've ever had in NOLA. She is an absolute doll who goes above and beyond to make her cafe friendly and welcoming to all. Delicious curry chicken salad sandwiches, fresh croissants and she'll make me a toasted tomato and cheese bagel without skipping a beat. Go see her in the LGD and support a local!This place became our go to place for coffee, ice tea and snowballs during our week stay in New Orleans. Why?
1. BEST service in New Orleans, Vanessa was genuinely friendly, helpful and welcoming.
2. she made the best americano in New Orleans
3.wifi
4. charming space cooled with fans not blasting freezing airconditioning.
5. lots of toys for kids and kid friendly, we don't have those but it's nice to be a neighborhoody place with that.
6.Root beer snowballs.Great place! Good coffee/cappuccino, homemade croissants that were great, friendly relaxed atmosphere, dogs, cats, kids -- great place!  Hung for a while and talked with the owner and other customers while enjoying our daily fix.  Coffee shops these days feel like vending machines with humans for parts.   Corner Muse is different - it's the real deal.  Will be back.Service was friendly here, but there was really little else to love.  The coffee was tasted like it had been sitting on a burner for 2 hrs and was so dreadful, I could only manage 2 or 3 sips.  The decor is a bit off-putting on a sunny day with reflective metallic tables and chairs that make it hard to sit anywhere without the sun blaring in you eyes.
but most importantly, the coffee was disgusting.  I'd love to support a small business, but bad coffee makes it impossible.Came to work for the day.  Spent 10am to 3pm on a Friday working.  Decent coffee shop, I travel and work in public coffee shops a lot (many in Austin) - and this place was great.
The $1 ice tub drinks are unbelievable good deal.  Including some lower-calorie low-sugar juice drinks.
Patrons came, ate lunch, enjoyed.  Owner there and doing her own work in the coffee area (again, it was extremely slow at times, there were periods where nobody came in for 45 minutes).
Internet / WiFi was flaw free, no clumsy convention to get on - just works.  Had a Mocha coffee, it was respectable.
The snowball was a bit chunky - but the owner worked hard to pour it and took pride in her work.  Different styles I'd say (I had tried another place on Magazine the day before, I preferred the finer ice style).Very tasty crisp home made croissants, cute interior design and good coffee. Small place with relaxed atmosphere. Vanessa the owner was warm and welcoming. 
Update: 
Kids loved the home made croissants and lemonade so much they bagged to come back.Super friendly and welcoming. Very sunny spot (though be careful if you're at a window table, cause that metal can get shiny!) to read, work, or sit with friends. Ms. V bakes up delicious things and has great coffee and a happy smile. I'm definitely a regular, she's got me hooked!Coffee was splendid and the snowballs were great. This Is such a fantastic place to walk into chat it up with the one owner and employee and then leave with espresso in one hand a cookie in the other and a croissant in the third give this place a try it is very welcoming, friendly, and deliciousTheir king cake latte is the unicorn of the coffee world. 
I can't wait until we're reunited next year friend!Cute little kid friendly coffee shop. The owner was so sweet and genuine. Nice place to chill out and drink some coffee with the family. The decaf latte I had was excellent and I am really picky!Back Friday April 30 for a couple hours before I'm off to Jazz Festival. Still great! Locals coming and going... friendly staff. Read my previous reviews for more.Recently came here for coffee and a quick bite to eat before heading out to tour the city. In short, we enjoyed the coffee, food and atmosphere. It's far from your typical quick Starbucks indulgence, but fits the bill for a nice local place to grab something before you go about your day. 
We had a great time chatting with the owner Vanessa, who made a great recommendation on other coffee styles for me to try. Has a pleasant atmosphere for anyone trying to find a relaxing place for a quick bite and coffee.We stumbled in here while waiting for breakfast down the street but everything looked so good we were tempted to stay and eat. Owner is super sweet. Coffee and tea are amazing. Board games while you wait.One of the newest Lower Garden locales, locally owned and operated, across from the International School of Louisiana offering fresh daily pastries, espresso/coffee, and other menu items ranging from sandwiches to candybars.
Stop in for a spell whilst traversing Magazine St between Uptown and the Warehouse District.  And tell Jane Jean-Paul sent you!3.25/5 super friendly
i was here with a fairly sizable group (we had to pull tables together), and the staff was so friendly. i had the zesty chicken pasta salad, which was quite tasty (that fresh lemon changes the world), but my chai was a little watery and tasted more like a half water half milk thing. i've yet to try the coffee, by other reviews i'm going to assume it's better than the chai. overall cute spot - once school let's out though the youngins flood the place.Great coffee shop! Really glad I stopped in, was looking for a place to get away from downtown and get some work done. 
Vanessa, owner, is a hardworking Tulane grad that loves NOLA so come on out and support her cause. 
Place is very kid friendly and next to a school. Not sure how it would be on a school day/afternoon but I'm sure it's a lot of fun (with earplugs in).
Snowballs are awesome (dont make the mistake and call it a snowcone because you will immediately called out as a tourist). As well as the assortment of snacks and of course coffee.I'm no coffee connoisseur by any stretch, but like most New Orleanians, I do like a good cup of coffee in the morning; but only after I get to work and am halfway coherent.  However, I love to try new places and coffee is never going to cost you an arm and a leg.  Therefore, I love trying out different coffee shops.  (Sorry Starbucks and no disrespect intended, but I'm all about trying local businesses whenever I can.)
Now that's it's  summer, I'm all about trying iced coffees.  And this is where my relationship  with Corner Muse began, thanks to a quick Yelp search.  Heading up Magazine St., I stopped by just a few minutes before closing and was greeted by a very cheerful waoman who identified herself as Vanessa.  Vanessa was the owner and it was obvious from the way that she engaged me in polite conversation,  that she loves her job.  
Shame on me to stop in just a few minutes (25-30) before closing, but I wasn't ordering food or anything.  When I ordered an iced coffee, Vanessa was apologetic in that she did not have any  coffee brewed for the iced coffee.  However, and without missing a beat, she offered to make me one by using espresso.  This was a 1st for me but I appreciate her taking that extra step for her customers.  By the way, it was delicious and refreshing.
This gem of a business has several tables to sit and chat with friends over a cup of coffee, read a book or simply surf the net.  There's also a small section of kid's games and books, which is totally cool and a refreshing sight to see in a coffee shop; which is usually geared toward adults.  Bravo Corner Muse! 
Fast forward to today, and I find myself back for yet another iced coffee.  No shortage of fresh coffee today and my iced coffee was prepared toute sweet.  As I waited for it to be prepared, I "gandered" down at a tip jar that had a sign stating "tips & a free smile".  I  tested the theory, plunked in a buck and  immediately found myself on the receiving end of a huge heartfelt smile.  What a great  businesswoman and person.
I especially love the fact that Vanessa also has agave syrup and simple syrup on hand (self service too) to use in your favorite brew.  
Lastly, Corner Muse has a snowball machine inside.  But this will have to wait until my next visit.
Updates to follow......I guarantee it.Well I visited this little joint out of "Snowball" season and enjoyed a mocha. Simple, but perfect, no flaws.cool little place. the owner is incredibly nice. the calliope is one of the best sandwiches i've had in a long time. and the coffee is excellentCorner Muse is a cool, friendly place where you can get a great cup of coffee.
I am a coffee fanatic. I drink at least one giant iced coffee per day, and occasionally have several. If that fine balance of caffeine to blood ratio is not maintained, my productivity screeches to a halt. Some people may call this an addiction, but I don't really like those judgmental people anyway. 
I happened upon Corner Muse because my normal coffee spot was packed with Mardi Gras tourists. Nothing against those people, but I needed coffee and my body would not allow that long of a wait. I had tried visiting once before, but came too early and they were closed. Now that I've been, I am confident that I will be back. This place is great.
The building itself is very inviting. While small inside, it was very comfortable and relaxed and would be a good place to work or read. The barista was quite friendly and treated me as if I were a regular despite this being my first visit. Service like that is rarely found at the giant chains and is further proof of why I should only visit local coffee shops.
As I was ordering my coffee I noticed they also serve snoballs. I am not a fan, but I think coffee and snoballs are a perfect pairing and I'm surprised more shops don't try that. The iced coffee was smooth with just a hint of bitterness. I was in a rush after I left so I drank the whole cup rather quickly. I don't know if theirs has more caffeine than other shops, but it sure did perk me up. I need to remember that on those days that I don't get enough sleep.
If you are in the LGD and need a good cup of coffee, look no further than Corner Muse.I am a HUGE fan of this little coffee house for many reasons.  One is that Vanessa makes amazing coffee and I mean it.  I have searched and searched for another great cup of coffee after my fav cafe was taken over by Surrey's and they ruined the place.  The coffee at Corner Muse is always the same and its always great.  She also has great sweets and bagels!  Why oh why can I not find bagels in this town?  I am here every Sunday rain or shine to enjoy the company and atmosphere as well as the great food and drink.  Oh and did I mention that its totally reasonably priced?  Just icing on the cake.Perhaps the perfect afternoon coffee/ball shoppe in the Magazine area. Vanessa is a perfect host, and takes care of her customers royally. With her experience in coffee, she brews a mean cup of cafe. There is always interesting people stopping by the cafe, so stop by, have a few cups and enjoy the scenery and company.This place looks great, however, the hours of operation listed on Yelp and their nonexistent website are incorrect. 
We had a tight window to grab a good cup of coffee (7:30-8:00am).  The reviews (and listed weekday hours) drew us to Corner Muse. When we arrived, the times listed on the window said 8:00am. We would have double checked the yelp times with their website, but the link was not correct either.We read such great reviews about this place we had to try it out. I wanted to try the king cake latte (it was raved about in other reviews), and although it was out of season the owner still made it for me. It was so good! I will definitely be back to this charming cafe.Charm in spades! Homemade croissants! Cortado! The most adorable cafe on a peaceful corner in Garden District. Great place to unwind to chill tunes and a homegrown vibe. Owner is a gracious hostess who makes you feel right at home. Makes me wish I was here for snowball season!Normally if a shop is described as adorable and quirky, I won't seek it out, so I am reluctant to use these words to describe Corner Muse, despite their aptness. I *loved* the feel of it, from the semi-random snacks to the paperbacks to the art all over. Also, the shop owner was one of the friendliest (in a non-intrusive way) I've come across. 
I decided to pick up a sandwich but it was too early for them, so she suggested a breakfast sandwich. I thought why not, and it was *excellent*! I'd highly recommend a croissant sandwich - not onły is the croissant very high quality, but it was toasted just perfectly. I was very impressed. 
Note that credit cards are accepted for orders about $5.When I asked for a frozen coffee and they didn't have it the owner decided to get creative and make me her first ever coffee snowball. It was good, too!DRANK THE DECAF, DEVOURED THE CONVERSATION: a place to feel at home;
GO BEFORE 3PM: this is where the ISL moms & kids rush to after school;
MOST AFFORDABLE COFFEE SHOP I KNOW OF: iced decaf, 2 satsumas: $3!
The vibe at Corner Muse reminds me of those quirky days when I lived on the very same block back in the 80s and the eccentric, short-lived New Orleans Shopping Channel promoted similar small businesses & crafts.  This show was hosted by two amusing Yats, each lady donning the latest  "John Jay " shag hairdo & cateye glasses dangling from chains.  "Dawlin what we have next is the inspirational 'Footprints in the Sand' inscribed on black velvet.  Take it to ya priest, get it blessed: the perfect Easter gift fo' ya mama..." Corner Muse is a modern day, brightly festooned representation of that old-school charm.  And, while I intended to just get take-out, Vanessa the owner was so engaging that I ended up staying over an hour ya-ya-ing with her and another delightful local (total strangers to me beforehand).  It's a big smile to have such a cheery throwback in this unique neighborhood.How cute this place is! Right when you walk in, it feels like home. The whole place is decorated set up like a living room type area. With board games on a book shelf to the side, and the corner there is a piano. This makes sense since the coffee shop is located next door to an elementary school. 
This place also serves Popsicles, snoballs, pastries, and a lot of other snacks. I love how the whole atmosphere in the place is very kid friendly and it felt like you were at home. Great local place to hit up for iced/hot coffee and sweet indulgences .EVERYBODY LOVES VANESSA***
Which is in sharp contrast to the gruff virago that bullies you at nearby "Fat Boy Pantry".
Here at LGD-vanguard "Corner Muse" everything is so darn adorable:
- Vanessa the charming owner that opened the space to be near her son at the adjacent "International School."
- The decor in it's happy aqua hues.
- The joyous purple cornerside building.
- The made-with-love curry chicken salad.
***a popular sentiment among patrons at close-by (and equally top-notch) "French Truck Coffee".