Every time we eat here we are floored by how rich the flavors are and how much fun the choices are. Their cauliflower dish belongs on every table - the yogurt sauce with it complements every dish and is so unique. The pan con tomato seems so simple but is so amazing. We also love their olives, mushrooms, lamb, sweetbreads, I mean... everything. It also has a great atmosphere and sound level. Highly recommend making it a staple for lunch or dinner!Wow! I don't usually like to try new restaurants right off the bat, as I've found that it takes a bit to work out the kinks. Costera put all those concerns to rest. I started with the littleneck clams. The flavors were so pronounced, perfect amount of richness and salt. I had them pair it with a white that cut it nicely and was pleasant on its own. Speaking of, the wines by the glass are superb. I've never seen an '07 on a by-the-glass list, let alone for $13. A steal for the complexity. I followed up with the mixed mushrooms, sweetbreads, and the potato bombas. All perfect temperature, delivered at a relaxing pace, and complex in their own way. Mushrooms + the egg yolk were divine. I usually forego dishes with capers because I'm usually overwhelmed by the flavor, but the Romesco and capers complemented the crispy, tender sweetbreads nicely. A real treat. The bombas were like croquettes filled with beef short rib. Wow! The ultimate comfort food.
Overall, blown away by the quality of each dish and the value and variety of wines. This place should do well. Highly recommended.Went here for my birthday and everything was spectacular. We loved all of the seafood dishes and the paella had a nice crunchy layer on the bottom which is my favorite part of that dish. So excited to have an outstanding Spanish restaurant in the city. We will definitely visit again.The food had good flavors and freshly made to order.  Octopus dish only had one piece which was a downer for a plate that cost me $17+.  I loved the bold flavors and spot on in that regard.  A bit pricey for the amount of food on some dishes - get the price point right to survive.This place is lights out. Had five dishes at lunch solo yesterday, all incredible. Don't sleep on the coffee either.Costera wasn't busy on a rainy Sunday night.  We had a reservation and were seated immediately.  The Spanish sunset cocktail ($12) resembled a French 75.  
Four of us shared dinner.  Service was a combination of our waiter and the owner/sommelier.  Our dishes included:
Blistered Shishito Peppers with Arbequina and Maldon   10
Cumin Roasted Cauliflower with Yogurt and Mint   9
Octopus a La Plancha with Heirloom Bean and Herb Salad   17
Scallops a La Plancha with Saffron Fideos and Bacon   16
Seafood Paella with Shrimp, Clams, Calamari and Mussels   26/person
The octopus consisted of a single medium-sized tentacle, which seemed skimpy, although the bean and herb salad helped to fill out the dish.  
Seafood paella was fair.  It contained a lot of shells, but that's shrimp, clams, and mussels, isn't it?  
We washed our meal down with a bottle of 
Mencia, Raul Perez "Ultreia, Saint Jacques" 2016 Bierzo  55
Overall, ambiance exceeded food, partly because of portion size.  It was a good meal and I'm glad we ate there, but there are many other NOLA restaurants I'd try before returning.Went with 9 people. Literally ordered the entire menu except the steaks. It was unbelievable. Food was fantastic. Service was personable and on point. Cocktails and wine made every single person happy. Truly can't wait to go back!Really love this new space; atmosphere is beautiful. Wished I lived to closer to enjoy date night here more often. Overall the food was very good. Service was a bit slow at times, but even the manger came by to check on us so overall great service. 
They really are trying to provide a more traditional tapas menu with their own twist. We wanted to stick to a bit of traditional and a bit of local. I can honestly say I recommend all of these dishes: Gambas Al Ajillo, Papas Bravas, Octopus, and Scallops. We also really appreciated their wine list. The prices of the wine by the glass allowed us to have a few different wines at the table as we tasted through their menu - a white, rose, and red - amazing selection on the wines of things you can't find just anywhere. 
Looking forward to trying this place again to try and eat through more of the menu.Really great place but a little pricey. We ordered the mixed roasted mushrooms with an egg yolk and they were incredible! So flavorful and a great appetizer to start. I went with my boyfriend and we shared the seafood paella which was $30 a person. It was amazing and a lot of fresh and delicious seafood and rice. The service was amazing and waiters and waitresses consistently checked on us to make sure we were doing good and fill our water which I appreciated. My one complaint was that I felt the price was a little high for the paella. I also felt like from a marketing standpoint the paella should be a flat price of $60 and not a per person price. This price structure can turn people away and also saying two person minimum could turn a single diner off from a great meal. This is a great place for date night or a girls night!Most creative, fresh, flavorful food I've had in the week I've been in NOLA. Had Gambas al Ajillo (garlic shrimp), Octopus, roasted cauliflower, and the pork belly. Each one was as good as the other. Fresh ingredients using lots of fresh herbs and vegetables, highest quality meat/seafood. Sauces used were expertly balanced and paired wonderfully with the dishes. Service was friendly and attentive. Interior was nicely decorated and had a good ambiance.
We were there in between lunch and dinner so not too busy. Want this place to be here for my next visit to NOLA, so please try this place. You will not regret it. It's easy to get to. Ride the St Charles St trolley down to Robert Street stop and walk 2 to 3 blocks down to Prytania. It's on the corner!Third week in a row and haven't had a bad dish yet.  Roasted Mushrooms, Gambas, Shishito Peppers, Wilted Broccolini Salad, Paella are all amazing.  Working our way through the menu.  All staff are incredibly knowledgeable and friendly.  Reno, proprietor, is a gem.  My husband and I are foodies and we are addicted to this place.  There's a Cava drink on the menu with Sunrise in the name ... a must have!Beautiful renovation. Very cool atmosphere lively yet able to hear table mates. Great service attentive but relaxed and didn't rush us.  We had pan con tomato app for the table the grilled bread with a jammy tomato topping yummy. Then I had the octopus la plancha. Perfectly seared and served over assorted beans which included favas. Arroz with a creme brûlée  topping for desert. Perfect. I can't wait to go back.Fabulous lunch for five today! My daughter and son-in-law have been to Spain and were very pleased with the food. I thought all of the tapas and entrees we had were fabulous! Service and ambience great! Highly recommend!Reno and his team are absolutely crushing it!  A welcome addition to the neighborhood and NOLA cuisine. If you haven't tired it, you're missing one of the most exciting new restaurants in town.
We've been twice now - opening night and last evening - fortunately we could be graciously welcomed and accommodated as walk-ins.  I suspect reservations will be a must in the future as NOLA catches on.
Everything we tried was done to perfection - be sure to try the Beef Shank and Potato Bomba with Pickled Peppers, fava beans, and the beets.  Having said that, everything we have tried has been excellent.  Servings range from tapas to paella for 2+.  Having glimpsed the paella pan filled with seafood, that's the top of our list for the next sitting!
The team has really done their research on wine - it's terrific regardless of price - recommend you try the 2012 Les Sorts Sycar from the Montsant wine region - a 60/40% mix of carignan and syrah for a lovely red quaff.
I can't say enough about the wait staff and the overall feel of the restaurant.  It's low key, personal and seemingly effortless.  Like watching an elegant waltz unfold.  However, I guarantee many hours went into planning and training a very capable and proper staff.
Be sure to get a reservation soon!Food - (4 stars).  Great menu, Spanish tapas are a nice change of pace for NOLA.  Paella was the best I've ever had (including in Barcelona), rice cooked perfect with that great crispy patina on bottom, muscles and clams plentiful, and the plump peas added the color.  Other items, we had were average, including pan con tomate which was too greasy.  However, peaking at neighboring tables, most dishes looked very good including the papas bravas and spicy shrimp.
Wine and Cocktails (4 stars) - Wine list was heavy on the Spanish and Napa, which are both my favorites.  Great prices, with more than a few bottles in the $40 range.  The cocktail list was not to my taste, with too few bourbon drinks, but that is just a personal preference.
Service - (5 stars) Friendly, fast, always a smile.  I think typically in NOLA you get better service away from the tourism areas, as Costera is.
Ambiance - (4 stars) Clean, comfortable, great long bar, open warehouse feel.  Tables for two may be a little too close together by back wall, but hey, sometimes eavesdropping is fun ;)Matt the bartender, super fun guy!
Love the cocktails, unique and what we had tasted amazing. Would come back for more. We had a couple small plates. Towards the end we realized the food was super salty(or just simply too salty for our liking). Dessert was really good!! overall good experience hanging by the bar with cocktails and dessert.I finally went to Costera after wanting to go pretty much since it opened, and I am so happy I did.  The blue crab salad was so fresh and delicious.  I also got the pan con tomate and I don't know how they made tomatoes on bread taste so delicious but they did.  Not to mention that the chocolate terrine dessert made me want to re-enact the diner scene from Harry Met Sally.  It is a bit pricey and I would love a malbec by the glass on the menu but other than that, I'm newly obsessed.  I went on Friday and am already wondering if it would be embarrassing to stop in again Sunday night...5 stars all around! I dined with a party of nine on June 15th with a set menu and each of the four courses were phenomenal. I would highly recommend this restaurant for larger parties who are looking for a delicious set menu. 
The table was kept tidy at all times by the assisting waitstaff, and our server (whose name I wish I could remember) was so kind and attentive. I was coming from out of town and was recommended this place... it did not disappoint! A huge thank you to everyone (our server especially) for making my NOLA experience so great.We've been 5 times now and it just keeps getting better. The food is impeccable and so is the service.  This is easily one the best restaurant Uptown. Well doneWhat an upgrade to this space!
The menu is shareable, which I love for meals with those who matter- everyone can try a little of everything, which is my suggested way of eating through this restaurant. We had both the meat and the seafood paella and both pans were scraped clean! I also sampled the seared yellowfin tuna, which was cooked perfectly. 
The inside has been renovated, which makes Costera a great selection for date night or meeting folks at their cozy (and spacious!) bar. For small plates, try the papas bravas, the marinated olives, blistered shishito peppers or the lamb sweetbreads. 
Please try all of the desserts- you'll be glad you did. If you only have room for one, I suggest you get the chocolate dish or the cheesecake. I am still thinking of that lemon curd on the cheesecake and it's a week later.
In addition to the more intimate tables, there is space to seat parties, so consider this when scheduling your next work lunch, birthday dinner, etc. We were in from out of town with friends during some of the magnificent mardi gras madness, and this spot was perfect for us. 
For such a large space, it's also pretty quiet, which was a bonus for me.One of the best meals I've had in this city!! Super flavorful and everything was perfectly cooked! I highly recommend the stuffed mushrooms (easily the best thing that we tried), the scallops, the gambas (shrimp) and the paella. There wasn't one item on the menu that we didn't love. They also have a great wine list - both by the glass and bottles - and the waiters were all very friendly! 
Prices are more reasonable than they initially seem (you can easily split an entree between two people with a few of their smaller plates for ~$50 - $75).Was in town for business by myself and ate at the bar. Very unassuming, comfortable, well air-conditioned (this matters!) vibe, with friendly bartenders and prompt services. Had the wilted rapini and the scallops, both excellent and plenty to make a meal of. Definitely recommend!I visited Costera this past weekend with my fiance and a few friends. We had a reservation for 6:45 and were seated promptly. The space is the same layout as La Thai, but they have created a more rustic and warm environment with the decor. We started with a great bottle of Spanish wine. They have an excellent wine list from the Iberian Peninsula and also an extensive French section. After our first bottle, my fiance wanted to switch wine and the manager was very helpful in finding him a wine that matched his preferences. 
The food was divine. I'm gluten free and had tons of options. We started with the blistered shishito peppers, mushroom toast, lamb sweetbreads, and the beets. The peppers and beets were simple and fresh and so good. Everyone raved about the lamb sweetbreads, I couldn't eat the sweetbreads for themselves, but I all but licked the plate of the romesco sauce which was delicious. The mushroom toast was almost like a french onion soup on bread and was so homey and savory. 
For entrees I had the chicken which was cooked perfectly with crispy and again had an out of the world sauce. My fiance had the steak which was seasoned so well and cooked perfect, one of the best steaks I've had in the city. Dessert was also divine. Can't wait to go back and try more!Lots to enjoy at this Spanish tapas restaurant in uptown New Orleans.
Our group first enjoyed some libation at the bar.  Drinks were pleasantly and well prepared.  Pricing at the bar seemed high for some call brands.  $16 cocktails were unexpected.
The menu at Costera can be confusing.  After discussion with our excellent waitress we knew what were appetizer offerings, what were tapas sized dishes, and finally, which dishes were full size entrees.
We sampled many dishes.   The Roasted Cauliflower with raisins was really good.  We loved the Stuffed Mushrooms.  The Jamon Imberico, Spanish ham, was a treat.
The Scallops were excellent, not over cooked, and served with bacon and a beautiful saffron fideos.  The Pork Belly was properly rendered and crispy.  The Lamb Shank was so tender and flavorful.   The Octopus A La Plancha was a disappointment as only one portion of tentacle was served, while the restaurant photos show three... and the one served was on the tough side.  We also tried the fish special, triple tail.  It was ok.
You can't go to a Spanish restaurant without trying the Paella.  Seafood Paella is the offering.  It takes time to prepare, so order early.  The shrimp were colossal in size, lots of clams, some calamari, and a bit of crabmeat created a fairly good paella.
Service was excellent.  Ambiance was very pleasant.Our last day in New Orleans and we decided to try out Costera for lunch.   Honestly, the best food I've had in NOLA.  The food and service are impeccable.  Must try the scallops, yumReally, really solid place. It's best to order food to share. Everything was delicious. Order some snacks, order some seafood paella, maybe a bottle of wine, what's not to love?Fantastic food, easily some of the best I've had in New Orleans. The small tapas plates are just the right portions. You can string together a bunch to make a meal or save room for one for the main entrees. The seared scallops with bacon over fideos (noodles) are outstanding, perfectly cooked, with the scallops and the bacon maintaining their own integrity of flavor. I tried several small plates and each one was topnotch. The ambiance is casual and welcoming. Certainly not like one of the stuffier establishments of New Orleans.Went on a weekday with our daughter. It was delicious and have very attentive service from no less than 4 people. 
She likes the bombas, clams, and crispy home fries. 
I loved the scallops and the tuna.Bait and switch
The menu says the seafood paella was $30 (suggested for two people). When the bill arrived they charged us $60, $30 each for the two of us. We complained to the maitre'd and was told they would bring the double billing to the attention of the chef. They did not offer to straighten the bill out. When we sent the paella back to the kitchen half eaten I'm sure they knew we thought the food was disappointing. We'll tell our friends "ABC": Anyplace But Costera.I often leave tapas restaurants feeling underwhelmed and underfed. Not the case here. Everything was full of flavor!
We enjoyed every single dish, especially the stuffed mushrooms, seared tuna, and the scallops. Cauliflower and beets were also delicious.
The chocolate dessert with dulce de leche gelato was so delicious that stomach overpowered my brain and hands and wouldn't allow me to get a photo before I devoured it.
They also had a house version of a gin and tonic that was outstanding. Cardamom infused Hendrick's really added to the sensory experience of the drink! (P.S., That might just be most bougie sentence I've ever written!)The food and service was 5 stars. I knocked off a star because the bar tender refused to make one of the guests at my table a "rum punch"!! Seriously? In New Orleans? I'm 100% positive the bartender had all the basic ingredients to make a nice rum punch but wanted the guest to chose from a curated list of craft cocktails. If I can go to any bar and order a vodka/ tonic or whiskey sour, I should be able to order a basic rum punch. Ok Rant over. 
We had a large menu to sample from so the dishes that stood out:
Grilled Romaine 
Tomato compote toast 
Fish (omgeeeeeeee one of the best ive had) 
FYI this place use to my my fav LA Thai restaurant.A restaurant with a beautiful setting for beautiful food. We stopped for lunch after a morning screening at the Prytania theater. The staff was welcoming and professional. The food is superb, a standout even in the Crescent City. Also,  it's in a lovely neighborhood, a great place to walk off lunch and enjoy the beautiful old houses.We stopped by for lunch on a Wednesday afternoon, and the restaurant was not very busy around 2 pm.  That said, the service and the food were very good.  We ordered the shrimp and leek stuffed mushrooms, Gambas al ajillo, Veal sweetbreads, Octopus a la plancha, and the chorizo and little neck clams.  Everything tasted wonderful.  I think this is a great addition to uptown, and I hope to visit again on my next trip to NOLA.Very good vibe. Conversion to a new space is spot on. The food is variable. All solid but some better than others. The clams were great. The iberico Ham very good. The sweetbreads were too chunky but had good flavor. The shishito peppers rock! The bombas are bland and not worth the calories. Great Spanish wine list to explore. Overall I will be coming back!Went here with my two sons and my husband and we all loved everything we had.   This is now our new favorite Uptown restaurant.  Let's support this great uptown eatery!!We love traveling to Spain and were excited when Costera opened up. We started with house special cocktails that were vert good. 
Small plates ( tapas) that we shared were the gambas al ajillo , shishito peppers , shrimp and leek stuffed mushrooms , and of course the wonderful aged jamon iberico from the Iberian peninsula. All 4 were incredible and left us wanting for more. We then shared the seafood paella and pompano a la plancha. All delicious, with the paella loaded with large shrimp, clams , mussels and calamari. 
The service from Taylor and Zach was first class , and they were wonderful. 
If your craving authentic Spanish cuisine, this is the place to go .This was my first time here and I absolutely loved it. It is definitely tapas although they are a little bigger than the traditional Spanish Tapas. The menus covers a little bit of everything you would want and the food was cooked perfectly. I also had the almond dessert which was very good. I would definitely come back here again.We chose Costera last night mainly because we knew the owner from our hometown. Well, it was a super choice. We shared 7 small plates and had a drink apiece (one glass of wine and one cocktail, which I loved - I can't temper the name, but I think it had "Jerez" in it). We ate the scallops, beets, tuna, cauliflower, papas bravas, shishito peppers and beef shank and potato bomba. One after the other was mouth-watering and delicious. Way to go Reno!!We ordered several of the tapas dishes. They have a great selection of drinks. We got the grapefruit lime and mint drink which was amazing The grilled octopus, the pork belly, the marinated beets were quite heavenly.Stopped in for a cocktail and small plates, the space and service at the bar was solid. The small plate recommendations were a perfect fit for an evening out for good food and conversation.First time I ate at Costera, it was great! Tonight, great service..by far the worst piece e of meat I have ever been served in my life and for $65..at least more than 1/3 of the ribeye was pure fat...tough and hard to cut..we asked for rare not purple..served purple..the owner or manager claimed this is the beef they choose to sell.although he offered to cook something else,,we declined haVing already beeN sufficiently disappointed...we paid our bill.. steak still on it.. need less to say, we will never returnFun place to go, family style for the paella and 100% delicious! I wasn't a fan of some of the ingredients in the paella, but ate around it. My two friends I went with loved everything about it. I think 4 people could eat off it and be happy. We ordered some small plates that I wasn't crazy about, not much flavor and sorta dry. I give it 4 stars because I really think the paella was awesome. Atmosphere is chill and could be intimate or good for a group. Sound is medium- not to loud and not quiet. They had a fun drink menu. Check it out.I surprised my husband with a Birthday dinner in New Orleans, Louisiana last Friday the 24th of May, 2019 whilst in town for a few days over Memorial Day long weekend. I made a reservation well in advance to ensure we could dine here. Costera is a Spanish Tapas style restaurant and has only been open for about 12 months. We shared several Tapas dishes and absolutely loved all of them. Each had their own amazing fresh flavours. We ordered to start with whilst enjoying a cocktail the Citrus and Vermouth Olives. These olives did kick a punch and were a perfect accompaniment with our pre dinner cocktail. Gradually during the evening we ordered the following tapas plates:
*Gambia's Al Ajllo with oregano, lemon and sherry
*Scallops a La Plancha with Fideos and Bacon
*Octopus a La Plancha with Heirloom Bean and Herb Salad
*Shrimp and Leek stuffed mushrooms
*Coffee Panama Cotta with Chocolate Bark
Our waiter was fantastic and knew the menu and extensive wine list well. The ambience was wonderful and perfect for a special occasion. These dishes reminded us of our time spent in Barcelona, Spain. A fabulous birthday evening was had at Costera.I've never left a Yelp review before, but I just had to for Costera! Every single thing I had here was amazing. My favorite cocktail they have is their Spanish version of an old fashioned  The pan con tomate, shrimp stuffed mushrooms, and lamb were all incredible. Don't miss on out on their dessert either - their pistachio crusted cheesecake was the best I've had in my life, no lie. Great service, and very friendly and helpful bartenders!We've been three times already. Awesome paella and every small plate we've had has been amazing. Great and affordable wine list as well with some pretty interesting and delicious stuff by the glass.Excellent, fresh and creative small platenselections!  Attentive service and bistro atmosphere.  Costeria is justifyably pCked with locals. high quality addition tonthe small number of Spanish restaurants in New Orleans!Came in on a Saturday night with a few friends. Sat at a booth made for 5 people. We eventually had 3 others who decided to come and the restaurant was very accommodating and brought more plate settings for us. 
Service was 5/5. Very attentive but not overbearing.
Gambas al ajillo ($15) - for those who don't know... This is shrimp.
Veal sweetbreads ($15) - my favorite dish of the night. I hope they never take this off their menu! It was definitely crispy and the romesco was delicious. 
Octopus ($17) - good, but such a small portion! You only get one tentacle. Did come with a bean and herb salad, which still doesn't account for how much it cost. 
Pompano ($33) - good size. Very crispy. And the sauce was super flavorful. 
Seafood paella ($26pp) - we got a 2 person portion and with all the other dishes, was able to satisfy everyone at the table. This was a perfect dish to share and they didn't skimp on the seafood. 
Hanger steak ($25) - cooked perfectly medium rare. The greens had great flavor and complimented the steak well. 
I absolutely cannot wait to come back and try the rest of the dishes! Everything was done well. Come with a big group so you can try a little bit of everything!Awesome ! Wait staff friendly and informative. Party of 5, 1 gluten free . Took time to explain gf options. Very helpful with wine list as I am not familiar with Iberian wines. Got seafood paella for 2 for table. WOW ,the crispy carmalized rice bottom of pan ! Sweetbreads the best ever had. Mushrooms with warm egg yolk! No pompano on menu tonite. Crispy skin fish was sheepshead. Dish was amazing but should have removed skin from sheepshead as skin is much thicker than pompano and is not easy to make crispy. CANT WAIT TILL NEXT TIMEWithin walking distance, we took some friends who were visiting from Ohio to give them a taste of what locals enjoy. An excellent experience. I am a big fan of the calamari and the sweetbreads. Also tried the scallops, mushrooms, brocollini and peppers. All were delicious. Will be back again and again.First time here. This was the location of the old La Thai. Same space and set up but ambience is slightly different. We liked it. The food was delicious. Very flavorable and not too salty or bland. Dishes were definitely sharable! Definitely would recommend and come back!The best small/shared plates restaurant in NOLA 
Drinks are nicely done and food is exceptional, 3 adults drinks and dinner just over hundred dollars wow!Went here once, it was very good! It's not a place I'd crave but, wouldn't mind returning.Refreshing addition to the local scene. Outstanding food and service.
Paella was outstanding. The stuffed mushrooms were a gem.
The space is very well designed. The cocktails and wine were outstanding.Stopped in on a Monday afternoon. We were planning on trying one cocktail and sharing a tapa dish. 
By the time we left, the two of us had enjoyed 4 tapas and 4 cocktails between us.
We couldn't have been more impressed with the quality and flavor of the food! My favorite was the beef shank and potato bravas. So surprisingly delicious, rich and satisfying! More like comfort food than I anticipated. 
The calamari was perfect (to us/fried like we love it), and the cumin and mint cauliflower, while strong, was deemed a winner as well. It bursts with cumin, mint and a bit of vinegar...tasty.
Anyway, we'll be going back soon. 
A Happy Hour would be nice (which they don't offer) but as our favorite two tapas were only about $8 each; we figure being more selective with our drink options will make it quite affordable. Highly recommend!Tried this place for the first time. Food, drinks , and service was amazing.  Mushrooms, clams, bruschetta salad, crab ceviche, among the many tapas we tried. All delicious.  And, the cocktails were delicious with a great wine list. Our servers, David and Patricia, did an outstanding job.  Will definitely return.Littlenecks are small clams these were the smallest i have ever seen maybe my expectations are just high because I grew up on the Atlantic. Menu is creative but you can't ask for recommendations because they didn't do a tasting with the staff. It's new there's kinks I get it, in my opinion generally overpriced for what I experienced and witnessed.We were all extremely impressed with Costera, a fairly new restaurant in New Orleans. Every dish was absolutely wonderful and the drinks were fantastic. We had several dishes and fed all six of us perfectly. Some of our favorites were the mushrooms with warm egg yolk, the scallops, the shrimp and leek-stuffed mushrooms, the papas bravas, the pompano...well, everything was truly amazing!! We had the Spanish Sunset cocktail, which was delicious..Tempranillo wines great too. This is a place we will visit again and again...food and service really something special!I came on a trip with a group of friends to NOLA and this was the first restaurant we went to. I am not sorry this was my first taste of visiting a new place!! I had the scallop and octopus la plancha. SO GOOD! The papas bravas had such a good sauce drizzled al over. And the marinated beets was so refreshing with the oranges and ricotta! 10/10 would fly all the way back here for this place!!Overall great experience.  Nice ambiance, very loud.  Had trouble hearing the server/ conversing at our table at times. Started off with a gin and tonic, which was excellent.  The addition of grapefruit juice was a perfect touch.  Our party shared several tapas-- Gambas, beet salad, and clams were particularly delicious.  Save room for dessert. The pistachio cheesecake and chocolate torte are amazing.  Will be back for more!Always good. We had: Octopus with amazing Scarlett runner beans, Scallops with amazing flavor, seared tuna, and huge shrimp with garlic sauce perfect for dipping bread.  The chocolate dessert with hazelnut is "da bomb"The perfect Spanish style tapas place! Every dish was simple but with a dome of flavor. I loved everything we ordered and loved the tapas style setup. Perfect place to order a bunch of things off the menu and share everything! The restaurant had great service and I will definitely return.Absolutely fantastic place- Not only is the food great, but the service is amazing! If your in New Orleans and wanna score big with the lady, take her here. 5 fucking stars! I ate 3 baby octopus and I now feel like a savage. I'm fixing to go mount my woman now! HoooRahhhh!Very nice place. Comfortable surroundings. Nice looking restaurant. Conveniently located at Prytania St.
Good, cordial and attentive service staff.
Of course, the food is very good. Shishito peppers are my favorite. They will even serve it with some yogurt on the side upon request. Grilled octopus and other dishes are memorable.Best (new) meal I've had in a loooong time. 
We loved everything about it from the space to the service and especially the food. We ordered the Bombas, Greens Salad, Jamon, Octopus, and Scallops. The bombas were different from the ones that you'd expect in Spain because they were beef and potato which ended up tasting like a fried ball of hearty beef stew. The greens salad was nice and refreshing- a spring mix with toasted almonds, parmesan, and toasted almonds. The jamon is HEAVEN. It's fatty, greasy, served room temperature, and hits all the spots. The octopus was the only disappointing thing we ordered because it was way over cooked, but the bean salad that it came on top of was great. The scallops were probably the best I've had...and I've had a shit ton of scallops. The inside was barely cooked- just gently heated and seared perfectly. The bacon of the sea was also served with the bacon of the land and I don't know how I've never thought to pair the two before but I don't know that I'll ever have them alone again. This was all served on a bed of pasta whose flavor I can't pin down but was awesome. 
Believe it or not, we were still a little hungry so we had the Papas Bravas for dessert. Perfectly fried potatoes with aioli and romesco sauce- the kind of aioli that probably has sunflower oil in it. It's. Amazing. 
We've already decided to include Costera in our regular dining rotation, as well as our 'friends in town' stops. Go there, now.Came here with another couple, one of which is a vegetarian. This place was perfect, the food was really well done and the vegetarian options - which we all shared - were exciting and delicious. One of the better meals I've had in NOLA - these people killed it. Cannot wait to go back!Food and service were great.  Good selection of wines by the glass.  The only drawback is price.  If that's an issue try to hit the happy hour.Since my move down here, I've been in search of a tapas joint, and I think I've found it. The grilled octopus was tender accompanied with a refreshing salad with heirloom beans. Delicious! I'm definitely a fan of the beef shank bombas! Crispy exterior with flavorful tender beef within. Great place to bring friends and family. Keep up the good work!Loved the paella. Liked the stuffed mushrooms and lamb shank. Service was good. Nice menu.Tried Costera for the first time, and our minds were blown. Every tapa was better than the next. The cauliflower, beets, scallops, crabmeat, octopus and mushrooms were fantastic. We're locals and are used to fantastic fare, but the food at Costera is truly exceptional.This restaurant is a great addition to the Prytania Street corridor. The service was attentive.  The space was airy and decor rustic with a blend of wood and steel. The extensive menu showcased traditional Spanish items, but it was not overwhelming. For our initial visit, we chose the marinated olives, papas bravas, gambas al ajillo, roasted mushrooms, and the octopus.  The olives were fruity and not at all briny or salty. They were a great palate cleanser between dishes. The shrimp was our least favorite. It lacked the garlicky-buttery-spicy kick we expect from a gambas al ajillo. The best was the octopus. It was tender and nicely balanced with the bed of mint/bean/corn salad. The dressing was slightly tangy and crisp.  The roasted mushrooms with a warm egg was smooth, rich, and earthy. They went well with the bravas papas. The potatoes were fried perfectly and served with a layer of aioli.  A lovely alternative to a nice plate of fries. We are excited about this new addition. Can't wait to go back and explore other menu items.Way too much salt in every dish.
Overpriced, tiny servings. Three scallops on two tablespoons of pasta for $18? Nicely prepared and very well-seasoned selections but everything was over-salted.
Pretty loud atmosphere.
Excellent service.Hands down one of the best restaurants in New Orleans! Everything from food to drinks to service was exceptional!
Drinks: G&T was amazing! Personally, I loved the Cali-what now. Spanish sunset was okay, a little too sweet though.
Food: we got a lot of plates and shared them all. Overall, the only dish we regret getting was the octopus and I'm a big octopus fan. Some recommendations: beets, cauliflower, seafood paella, terres major, papas bravas, and scallops! The chef does an amazing job both with the presentation and the integration of the flavors in each plate.
Attached is the seafood paella!Shishito peppers, crab claws, and if they bring back the paella! These are all so good. Service has always been wonderful as well. Go-to place for a solid espresso martini.While looking everywhere for paella, we happened to stumble upon Costera. The ambiance of the restaurant is very nice along with the staff being attentive and helpful. We went for happy hour and got nice cocktails as well as two appetizers, one including the delicious papas braves. We split the seafood paella and it was out of this world delicious - well worth the money. Ended dinner with tres leche made with with coconut milk. Service from
Erin was great and she was very helpful. Highly recommend stopping here and treating yourself to quality food.A good restaurant overall. Good bartenders and servers. The food is way too salty. The tomato bread was not good. The wine list is extensive. Everything was a little too much of a New Orleans presentation of Spanish food. Too many sauces, ingredients and over seasoned. The beautiful core components get a little lost. I will go backstage and just edit my dishes. Nice place to have in the neighborhood.The place was recommended to me because I was looking for a taste of Spain and it didn't disappoint. I got the Griddled Sourdough with Boquerones and Green Olive  and the Beef Shank and Potato Bombas with Aioli and Pickled Chilies tapas and broth were incredible! I don't remember which wine I had, the bartender let me taste 3 different reds but what I got was really nice. I will definitely go back.This local gem is one of a kind! Inside is dimly lit which sets off a romantic vibe. Design is very cute as well! 
Service is very friendly! 
Although they market their dishes as tapas, I thought the portions are pretty decent for 2 -3 individuals! Out of the dishes that i have ordered, my favorites were their mixed roasted mushrooms, scallops, and octopus! The mushroom was topped with an egg which was very unique! It added such creaminess and texture to the very flavorful mushrooms! The scallops and octopus were both very tender! 
I highly recommend this place and will definitely come back to try their other dishes!We are here in NOLA visiting friends. We are all about oysters, gumbo, creole and Cajun.  They suggested we try a different place - for some tapas.  Having lived in Tampa and worked in Miami for 30 years we were stoked!.  Really chic looking place.  Nice bar and welcoming hostess.  Said "party of 4" and thought it odd she asked if we had a reservation with the dining room almost empty. She showed us to a table.  Server came shortly after, with menus and water.  Then took drink orders.  Our friends were wanting paella, which looking at the menu was minimum of 2 at $40ea.  In any of the Spanish restaurants I've been to previously, paella takes a long time to prepare. We asked the our server about prep time, she said "the kitchen has gotten really good at making it fast"... hmmmm I wondered.  Nevertheless, I didn't want to be the spoiler for the young couple we were with.  We ordered:  olives, shrimp, stuffed mushrooms, octopus, ham, pork belly and paella for two. 
All of the "small plates" were really good!  The shrimp was to die for, especially the sauce! When the bread was gone, we were literally spooning it up like a soup, soooo delicious.  Octopus cooked to tender perfection,  pork belly rendered perfectly and accompanied by a arugula corn salad with a dressing that perfectly balanced the flavor of the pork! I great job kitchen!  I think you can afford to give your guests a few more pieces of bread vs $2.50 - really!
Let's talk Paella - over priced and rice was a giant glob of over cooked crap!  $80 - you should be ashamed!  Do it right or don't offer it.  No more resembled Spanish rice w saffron  than Uncle Ben's 90 second microwave.  Had it 
Been just my wife and me dining, I would have sent it back.  The two 30 something kids that were celebrating just having gotten married thought it was good.  I kept my mouth shut, paid the bill.  
My wife ran into the owner on the way out, he was sitting at the bar, had the logo on the back of his shirt.  Said he was a really nice guy.  She wanted to tell him what a rip off the paella was too - but didn't want to cause a ruckus. 
Don't order the Paellamy husband and i are set on trying new (to us) places in nola since we moved here a year and a half ago, and this was a last minute choice one night and it was a GREAT choice. the food was unique and delicious, and the cocktails were fantastic - i can't remember the name of the one i had, rye something. but it was lovely. in addition, the ambiance was perfect and the service was excellent. our waiter, luke, was knowledgeable and personable and overall enhanced the experience. we can't wait to go back.So I have been dying to go to Costera since it opened. Unfortunately I didn't get to eat here. My fiancé and i arrived at 9. We told the hostess that it would be the two of us. We were told there were no more tables available (indefinitely), and that we could wait for a seat at the bar. Now, this isn't my issue I actually prefer sitting at the bar. However, 10 minutes later another couple walked in and they didn't have reservations, they were told that the next opening was 9:30, and they took down their number to inform them when their table was ready. I really wanted to try them but that customer service has honestly put a very bad taste in my mouth.