Terrible food and service . don't waste your money and read the bill. They tried to charge us extra for cheese on nachos! Who does that!???Pretty decour and a charming little back courtyard, if you can look past the hand size cockroaches roaming the ground ... I couldn't.The only thing I liked about this restaurant was the waiter.  The food was mediocre and courtyard was far in the back. On the website the patio looked appealing but it was not.  There were a few other items that I am not going to mention but when I return to NOLA, I will not be visiting this place.It was wonderful. We loved the meal, which included the Gumbo/Jambalaya it has a bit of heat to it. Wonderful blend of the two.
My hubby had the pork ribs and sweet potato fries, which didn't disappoint. Ribs feel off the bone and sweet potatoes were fried to perfection.This was a cool bar it had an upstairs and plenty of space two bars to choose from and a balcony you can walk on to, but the dj sucked when he did play a good song he would instantly mix it to the point you couldn't find a rhythm.  Could have been betterWalking on Bourbon St., the pitch was great. I had the Cajun sausage po' boy. A little bland but not bad. The ground beef nachos however, bagged chips, beef was okay, and cheese tasted like it came from a can. .for $14! Waiter was attentive but acted like he was either high or right outta his mind. Definitely not the best food in NOLA.Visited twice on our trip to NOLA, and that says a lot. We didn't get to see the real "party" atmosphere of this place, but we did stop in at about 10:30 am to have an amazing hurricane and a couple 2 for 1 pbrs on the patio. The patio is the reason this place is so great. You can sit and chill surrounded by huge bamboo and really just relax. The second time we went, around 5 or so on a monday, we ordered food, which took a million years to get and was the wrong order (plus, we overheard EVERY other table complaining about something), but, it is what it is. The food was good, but portions were TINY. Like, really, really small. I'm sure we will be back next visit to sit out back during the day and enjoy the weather and some drinks.Outside seating, limited menu but the food was good. alligator sausage & schrimp gumbo was tasty.Summary:
Not one of the repeat bars you see on Bourbon st, which is a good thing. Also, the bartender was very friendly.
Details:
Came walking down Bourbon St to see what all the fuss is about. There are so many bars here that are repeated and we decided to come here because it wasn't. They offer 3 for 1 (32 oz beer for $6) and you can walk around outside with them.The food was gross, typical bar food except you questioned if you were going to end up with food poisoning after leaving. On our way out we saw a rat and a big black rat trap in the corner. Yuck!alligator and shrimp Gumbo had good taste but.very soupy.  Redbeans and rice good.but looked like refried.beans.  catfish very good but small portion for the price.  Would not go back.The food is 4 star quality when prepared correctly. Many of our members received charred food, but those with correctly prepared food had no complaints.
The service is a solid 2. The servers are friendly, but barely showed up. They didn't come to check how our food was, so those with burned food didn't get a chance to get it rectified. The check took over 20 minutes after everyone completed their meal.
Atmosphere is very bourbon, very chic.
Price is incredibly reasonable for being on bourbon- about $20 a person for dinner and a drink.
With better chefs and service, this could easily be a gem on bourbon.Out door seating so make sure its warm. Service was awesome. The alligator shrimp pasta was delicious. Gumbo yaya was also good just a little salty.Can't actually rate this place due to the fact that upon entering the courtyard, the security guard asked us to muzzle our best wearing registered VA service dog because he was a large black lab. We tried to explain that our dog is a registered service animal and he said due to his size and safety for other patrons we must muzzle him. We were taken aback and explained that we did not own a muzzle and disgustedly left their area. Really not a friendly place. Especially since throughout the French Quarter our service dog has been welcomed and even had beads given to him to wear!Being a local, I treat Bourbon St. like the plague. My mother decidec to try it the other night, so I followed along. This was the only decent place we came along. I wasn't overcrowded and the bartenders were decent. I guess my only complaint was the fellow patrons in there. There were a huge number of guys with bedazzled Affliction and Tap Out t-shirts. While this doesn't bother me usually, the decided to make fun of my hat. I did a great job of ignoring being called names, but they eventually won and I left. So this place is decent if you can tolerate loud tourist that apparent hate Astro's hates. It's better than most places on Bourbon thoughBar Only:
Good 2 for 1 deals! 
$5.00 12 ounce Abita Strawberry! My favorite!
$5.00 for 8 ounce of strong Cranberry and Vodka.
I'll have to come back for the food!The atmosphere is cool here and our server was friendly enough; however the wait and food were unacceptable. We waited for over an hour, the food wasn't ready at the same time, my gumbo (which was served on a paper PLATE) wasn't even close to hot and tasted like it was from a can, my husband's blackened chicken pasta had no chicken at all, and the other dishes were simply "okay."
We attempted to locate a manager numerous times to talk about the long wait and disappointing food, but apparently he or she was MIA. The manager never did  come out to talk to us. The server eventually brought us our bill with 50% off, which we were satisfied with considering we didn't even eat two of the five entrées ordered. 
Needless to say this experience was terrible. Perhaps they were just shorthanded in the kitchen that day, however our dinner for our one night in New Orleans was a big disappointment.  
Lastly, I can get over the fact the food was served on paper plates, but the paper products weren't even matching.To me, it's the people at an establishment that make it great. You can have the nicest bar in the best location, but without quality employees it can be tough to maintain business. With that being said, during my latest trek to the Big Easy, 711 Bourbon Heat certainly cemented itself as one of my favorite stops. 
I've traveled to New Orleans many times, but thanks to a giant drop in the price of airfare, decided to take my girlfriend on an extended weekend romp. We spent at least a portion of every day in the front bar area and not enough can be said for how awesome Nick and the rest of the staff were to us. To say we enjoyed ourselves is an understatement!
Oh, and for those who want a Hurricane that blows away Pat O'Briens, hit this place up when Nick is working. Then tell him Kevin from Philly sent you.Nestled amid the alcohol-infused Bourbon Street craze, 711 Bourbon Heat offers a wonderful haven, or shall I say - escape, from some parts of Bourbon Street that people tend to try to avoid. Lets face it - every or most bars on Bourbon all be one a drunken parade of fun and bad behavior, but 711 Bourbon seems to hold its own as a pretty respectable bar and grill before the witching hour begins. With a patio shaded by the ubiquitous mossy elms and a charming staff, I would definitely return during the normal business hours, which we all know don't exist in NOLA. So, lets just say - 711 Bourbon doesn't facilitate such crazy antics as much as other Bourbon bars might.Stopped in for some music and to enjoy the courtyard.  We ordered a basket of chicken tenders to go with our cold beers.  The tenders were perfectly spiced (didn't even want to use the BBQ sauce) and piping hot.  They were so good, that the next day we headed back.  A power-outage stopped the streetcars and Uber prices were insane. But we wanted those chicken tenders enough to walk 3 miles for them, and they did not disappoint.  The servers are friendly, the music is good, but the chicken tenders will keep us coming back.Definitely for the much younger crowd but who cares, if you're looking for a high energy kind of a place to have fun....this is the place.The courtyard and steel drum music were quite pleasant. They wanted to please, we wanted to be pleased, but no amount of friendliness could make up for the poor service and food. Hate to give this review because our waitress was super nice, but I truly don't know how she chose this as her profession. She couldn't get our order right to save her life, she misstated things, forgot things and, well, maybe she wasn't feeling well today. It was that weird.  I ordered the BBQ shrimp. Six low quality shrimp drenched in an oily herbed and way over salted sauce arrived surrounded by stale sliced bread. Husband ordered fried shrimp which came on top of soft tasteless fries and, again, white stale bread. Too bad. The good news is we are having dinner at Restaurant August, one of America's highest rated.We came in with a Groupon and it was amazing. The service was amazing, our server Allan was one of the best waiters I have seen in a long time. It started down pouring out of nowhere and he grabbed our stuff and moved us under a covered area asap and the guys were constantly sweeping the flowing water towards the drain so we weren't getting our feet soaked. 
The food was kick ass too! My wife got a fried catfish and shrimp meal and loved it while I got the shrimp alligator-sausage creole pasta and it was incredible (Allan's recomendation). 
The place was awesome!Best hurricanes!!!!! Much better then pay o Brian'sGot the Ray Ray's trio. Red beans & rice, jambalaya, and shrimp/gator gumbo. Absolutely delicious. Two for 1 beers. The cilantro jalapeño margarita is fabulous!The food was horrible. The jambalaya was dry as if it were a few days old and reheated in the microwave and it dried out and the center is still cold.  Service was even worse with a rude waitress and the place was not even busy. She gave us so much hassle just to refill water cups. The chicken tenders and fries were flavorless and dry I almost choked on a small piece because it was so dry I was glad my 9yr old didn't want to eat them anymore. For the lousy food our bill was close to $80 and that was so appetizer or alcohol. Do not go near this place.We were in New Orleans to kick off our honeymoon. While walking down Bourbon st  we decided to grab a drink and a bite to eat. We managed to get the last couple bar stools at the bar.Even though it was busy our bartender Nick was right there to take our order. We didn't have a meal while we were there,but the appetizers we had were great. There was also free live music the whole time we were there,we enjoyed it so much we stayed for the whole afternoon,and were back again the next day. Great hurricanes,great service,great atmosphere. Thanks again to Nick, you truly know how to take care of your patrons! We will be back next time in NOLA for sure!Horrible experience. Let me start by saying that my daughter works in the restaurant industry, so I always try to be understanding when it comes to most issues. We made a reservation and even received a phone call to confirm it. Arrived on time, we were seated in about ten minutes. Forty five minutes later no one had even acknowledged that we were there. Finally we had to ask someone to wait on us. There were five people in our party. Thirty minutes later they only bring out two of our orders. One was completely wrong the other had a long black hair in it. Not something you want to see in your beef nachos. I finally ask to see the manager. When he came to the table he stated " I had no idea you had a reservation the day manager didn't tell me" ... No apology... Nothing. Needless to say we just left. I wouldn't bother wasting time or money here.We visited NOLA in September and Bourbon Heat quickly became our favorite place to stop in, chat with the bartender, Nic, and enjoy a few drinks. We went mainly during the day and it was a chill atmosphere. Gotta love the 3 for 1 drink specials and a funny, attentive  bartender that gave us some great tips on restaurants there...thanks, Nic! I am not a hurricane drinker but I watched several people come in and ask for the infamous Hurricane made best by this establishment. Very nice bar, clean bathrooms, outside patio. I didn't go upstairs, wasn't much for the club scene.So I'm definitely not a Bourbon street type of person, I really wasn't expect much when attending an event on Bourbon, but I was actually surprised I had a good experience!  Note: The event I went to started in the day to evening, so not sure how it changes from late night.  First off, the security is cute, thats always a plus in my book its a good way to start things off.  Second, the bathrooms were clean... Like seriously clean bathrooms on Bourbon and smells great and......bathroom attendants... Yes on Bourbon.   They have great back courtyard that was perfect for our party and I assume for many others can accommodate a sizeable crowd comfortably. Also, there is a upstairs area that can accommodate others.  If I was to go on Bourbon this would definitely be a place I would visit again.
I actually enjoyed the drinks here, pretty strong and definitely did a number on me but worth it! Parking could be a pain but its French Quarters so you can't expect it to be anything less. Although the next two streets over you may be able to find some on street parking, which are mainly residential parking so its for 2 hours only.Very nice decor with an expanding balcony. However it can be crowded with no room to move at times.Friendly service, two for one bottles, great burgers, awesome red beans and rice. If you don't feel like sitting at the bar, there is a cozy little courtyard to sit in. It's a calm place to sit and have a drink and cool down during the day on bourbon street.DO NOT GO HERE. 
Found this place on groupon when we were on vacation there. We were all pretty excited because it was right on Boubon street and it had a good menu. Had a group of us and they treated us like crap. I have never been so FURIOUS with a restaurant ever until this place. I am not one to complain but this one was over the top. Everyone was very rude and have zero customer service skills. The manager did not want us to use our groupon because we could not use 2 at the same table. So we were gonna split up our group into 2 tables and with us trying to calmly reason with them the bouncer thought we were talking back to so he started screaming at us. They wanted us to literally sit across the entire restaurant from each other. It was ridiculous so we decided to leave. Thankful to groupon we got our money back.
You have been warned.Service was great, staff was super friendly. Wr ordered the alligator and cajun sausage app. Our food actually came out pretty quickly and we could see and smell it being cooked on their outdoor grill. I would recommend it for anyone who likes sausage... They have full service bar, outdoor seating, and a full bar/club upstairs. Live music being played in bar was pretty good. Not a bad way to spend a couple hours of your afternoon. Prices were reasonable as well. I'd definitely go back.Looking for nothing but the best, we had had 711 Bourbon Heat bookmarked, thanks to Tara H & her shout out for the "non-mix" Hurricanes
When you're down in the land of origin (aka, the Hurricane was invented in Nawlins), the last thing you want to see is someone bring out a big tub of powdered mix - I could do that at home, thank you.  I'm looking for a mixologist who is an expert in the NOLA-tradition of drinkology & can craft an expert drinky
Well, finally got around to trying out this delight & it was heaven.  I walked in & said to the bartender - I understand you make your hurricanes from scratch?  She gives me that knowing nod & off she goes to mix up 2 of those bad boys
Mixing rum, grenadine, fruit juices, cherries, lemon, lime, & who knows what else - her hands were grabbing stuff a mile a minute - there's absolutely no mix here & it's all made right in front of us.  
Ginormous takeaway cups & we're back on Bourbon Street to revel in all the craziness
And let's just say that I was feeling pretty darn loopy after only about half that drinky - it's a doozie!!  At least for this lightweight.
The atmosphere of the place was super-loud & seemed more geared towards the takeaway crowd so since it probably wouldn't be a place I'd like to hang out, 3-Stars.  As for the drinky itself?  A big 5-Stars!  For an average 4-StarsOur orders were wrong, waitress disappeared a lot, food was beyond bland. Not what I expected for an NOLA restaurant, totally disappointed. Don't waste your moneyCute courtyard and great ambiance, we were super excited about it when we first got there. The server was standing out on the street and encouraged us to check it out, or we probably would have walked by without even seeing the courtyard. 
But past that, I couldn't tell you how anything tasted, because despite there only being 2 other tables in the whole place, we still didn't have our drinks after 30 minutes...the server didn't seem very knowledgable about the menu and they were out of the two things we wanted to try more than anything, so we left.If I could give zero stars I would. Purchased a groupon for a dinner there and experienced some of the worst customer service of my life. There are literally tons of other restaurants on Bourbon- dont go here it's not worth it. If management reads this I recommend retraining or firing the short bald dude on the security staff. #rudeSkip this place. You get served in foam plates and bowls. Foods wasn't that good compared
 to other places I have found in the French Quarter.Can't comment on the entertainment as I'm not a bar/party person however that is what this venue is likely better known for. As for the food, it was good. Got the Red Beans and Rice and chicken Alfredo pasta. Both dishes were flavorful. Had more "gravy" than beans in the beans and rice dish. Pasta was loaded with chicken. Actually too much chicken and could've use more pasta to balance it out. Got both dishes to go. Wish they would've wrapped the pieces of French toast separately as they were soggy from sitting in their respective sauces by the time walk back to the hotel was completed. Wish dessert was available. Would give the bartender an F. He ate, handled money, drank shots, hands in hair all without washing them 1 time while I waited. Luckily he wasn't the one handling my food.....I don't even want to think about what went on in places customers can't see.I actually really liked this bar - we came here several times when we were in town b/c of the consistent good service, friendly staff, 3 for 1 Happy hour deal, and relaxing courtyard.
Things are a little more hopping upstairs, but I preferred the courtyard - you could still hear the music, but could also carry on a conversation. Additionally, the bathrooms were wayyyy cleaner here than in many of the other bars we stopped in.Meh. They had a two for one on the beers, but my sister had bought a groupon that was only good for dine in. Meh. The bartender was cute but not overly friendly, even after my sister chatted her up about her pregnancy. 
I will say the Abita beers are good, but that's nothing to do with the bar.Okay, I usually visit bourbon heat for the club purpose of it; however I decided to try out their restaurant side of it. BAD idea, horrible experience!! I sat at the table unacknowledged for 25mins. No water, no waitress, no Nothing. The wonderful waitress Pearla asked could she Assist me since everyone else ignored me. "Thank You Pearla!!" I was using the "yelp coupon: 35 for 50" and while I was sitting other ladies I knew approached me and wanted to sit with me, I couldn't deny them. one of the ladies had the same coupon. We were denied of USING the coupons because we were at the same table yet, paying differently and came in separately! The manager KATERINE was being not understanding nor did she show any hospitality or customer service.. Another manager TONY took over and saved the day like a Manager should.. Made me feel more appreciated and welcomed "Thank you Tony" meanwhile I'm eating, I was being watched and possibly discussed by the other managers KATHERINE AND GARY. I will go back for for the great service from my waitress Pearla and the food because it is delicious. Just the experience was terrible!!!! :'( BUTTTT they did have buy 1 get 1 free beer, Only GOOD PERKBack courtyard was just okay...staff was nice but overall low-class clientele with too much attitude.  Pass on this one.Pretty Bourbonish but at the same time the downstairs back bar has a local vibe to it.  Had a great time throwing beads upstairs and great time in the back bar.  Ask Megan for the Rockem Sockem Robot!Our first time in New Orleans and we came across Bourbon Heat. Food was very good and Shane and Jim helped make our trip great. We enjoyed the hospitality, the atmosphere, and the craziness. Hope to visit again on our next trip to the Big Easy.This may be the #1 restaurant experience in my personal dining history. Our waiter Allen C. was so helpful and extremely friendly. The other staff members were also helpful and personable. The shrimp etouffe and catfish were a divine experience in my mouth. There was live music and the atmosphere was amazing. I highly recommend this restaurant. They also had misting fans to keep you cool in the Louisiana heat.Nice outdoor courtyard setting on bourbon street. The tables and chairs. are wrought iron, though ours was a bit wobbly. We both had the atafalaya jambalaya with sausage and chicken. Very good. It wasn't too spicy. The chicken tenders appetizer is a meal in itself. The $12 price tag on the drinks seemed steep until they brought it out. Probably 16 oz. it's worth checking out.The food was pretty good and the Staff was friendly, but we had 2 major issues with Bourbon Heat. First of all, it was a unusually cold day. When we were shown our table in the outdoor garden area, the heaters were turned on and made it warm enough to sit outside. However, shortly, the heaters were turned off and it became extremely cold. It took over 30 minutes of asking to get the heaters turned back on. I was so cold and uncomfortable! 
The other issue is that it took 15-20 minutes to have our order taken and another 30 - 40 minutes to receive our food. The Server apologized and offered us a free round of drinks because if the long wait. But we had already gotten double drinks as part of the Groupon deal, so we were full.
I would recommend Bourbon Heat for the fun location  but otherwise be prepared to wait for your  food. Due to being extremely cold and hungry for so long, I am giving Bourbon Heat 3 stars.Worst place ever!!! Bland food! Terrible service. All of our meals were wrong and I never received my drinks. Dont waste your time here.I came in with a party of 3. The food was really good and seasoned well. The only reason I gave a 2 star rating was for the price and other reasons as you will read. I ordered the shrimp etoffee and it was $22. For the 3 people that was in my party with one alcoholic drink my bill was $79. Aside from the price it was a very inviting atmosphere, customer service was okay; however, I have seen and been a part of better service than what was presented to me. And the menu seemed a little under the normal length for my taste. For the size of the menu and the price per entree, they would have needed to be the absolute best at the few dishes they are preparing. Although I really doubt that is the case. It seemed mediocre at best. Overall mundane and your standard run of the mill type restaurant. Sorry guys, if you want 5 stars you need to rethink your operations and customer service skills and last but not least bring your A game for every customer not just a few of us who for a majority chose your establishment over the competition. Just remember we have other options.This restaurant is poorly managed. There are only two tables seated and they complain that they are too busy to split tabs. The food is overly spicy to compensate for poor taste. Please save yourself your money and your time and find another restaurant to eat at.There was a 1 man band playing that as great! Food was very good, fried catfish was amazing! Our waiter Allen was so much fun and super attentive. Went here with a groupon which they accepted no problem.Had the jambalaya. Not well seasoned. The sausage and chicken were very tough. Seemed to have been over microwaved. Friendly server. Was not charged for the dish.Great service. Friendly staff. Awesome live music on a Sunday afternoon. 2 for 1 drinks. I got the shrimp alligator gumbo and it was delicious and very filling. Their chips and salsa is pretty good too. Love the ambiance of this place. We sat in the back courtyard.Overpriced generic bar that you can find anywhere in the land. There are so many better places to go on Bourbon St. that this joint and if you just walk about 10 feet in any direction you will find it. AVOID!!!*Did not eat here*  I was in the zone walking past this establishment and a young guy got in front of me with a menu . He was SO close i put my hand out because i thought he was gonna bump against my chest.  He hand motioned to the entrance of the place and i said no thank you . He then proceeded to curse and say a sentence i could not clearly hear but had "fat" in it. I just kept walking but was confused . I'm sure other people have declined , it's a busy street. I felt that because i was alone he felt bold to do that . I had no desire to go off on him, just keep getting to my destination. Been in the area a few days and that was the only negative encounter i had ...do not plan to even consider eating there if time allows because of unnecessary unprofessional.Ordered double, got single and they would not make it right.  Bar tender at bar gives you what you pay for, drinks through waiters in restaurant  seem to be light.The bar itself is nice, but the employees are some of the rudest I have ever come across. I attended a private event here, and everyone in our party was shocked at the disrespect with which we were treated. Just one example among many: as security was (with excessive force) escorting someone out of the bar, they ran into a girl causing a blow to her head. When confronted, one of them claimed it was her fault for "being in his way." 
To me, this was upsetting to hear. I will never go back to this bar, and I wouldn't recommend it unless you can deal with these kinds of obnoxious employees.Three people & ordered approximately $200 worth of drinks & food.. The appetizer was overlooked & I didn't notice till the next day, we were still charged for it. The gumbo was delicious. I wouldn't buy another drink here, however. The Bloody Mary drinks were watered down. Mojitos were also weak & approximately $10 per drink.Very nice atmosphere. Courtyard setting which was kind of romantic, made me forget we were on bourbon street. Music was appropriate for the setting. Prompt service. Drinks came quickly. Good service overall. I got blackened chicken with red beans and rice. Chicken was well seasoned but a bit dry and over cooked. Beans were good. Hubby got catfish Lafayette. The sauce was something to write home about. The catfish was cooked perfectly. Portions are a bit small. Menu was different from what I saw online which didn't bother me too much considering what I was going to order was on the actual menu. Would come back to enjoy the music and atmosphere but I'll skip the food.Stopped in just to hear some live music. Some guy was playing reggae on some steel drum so we stopped in to finish our drink from another bar and listen to him. Tipped him and then left. I probably wouldn't swing in this bar normally. Pretty small and doesn't seem to be that popular. I don't think you could ever get me to try the food. Something about this place just doesn't say we have good bar food.i didn't HATE this place too much but i wouldn't go there again. what led us to 711 bourbon heat was the fact that some of my friends were STARVING. it was the first spot we saw that had a menu, so we went right in. we were on the patio which had great misting fans all over the place because it was such a hot day. misting fans are not great for girls who had just gotten their hair done, by the way.
our server took our order and it took 53 minutes to get our food. at one point we thought our server had left for the day because we didn't see him around. then he told us three times that our food was coming before it actually came. i shared a shrimp po'boy with my friend but just ate the shrimp. it was okay, nothing to rave about. my friends couldn't tell if the food was actually good or if they were just that hungry. 
my group was socializing with each other and with the next table when the server came around with our tabs in case we needed to tab out, but left with them "in case we wanted to drink more." the group only took one shot when we were seated because the server suggested they take one, but that was it. there was no possibility of us "drinking more" so i don't know why he ran off with our tabs in his hand. and then he took forever to come back. we spent way more time than we wanted to in the restaurant that i actually had left twice to walk around because it took forever for my friends to get out of there.
it was actually the only place we visited that was not suggested by one of my friends or researched by me on yelp, so i'm not surprised it wasn't something i would rave about.Patron tequila  on tap @ 17 degrees. Also Absolut Citron and Jamison Irish Whisky on tap too. 3 for 1 drinks. Good pick.  I don't think it's there now.Must eat here, excellent rubs cooked perfectly as well as the catfish Lafayette. Super awesome!!Absolutely awful. 
From service to food all the way. 
Im pretty sure the servers and host were all drunk. Waited for 10 minutes for menus, then another 5 for water. The server brought a cup of water over for himself and left it at our table. 
Food is better at Wendy's than at this place. 
There are much better restaurants around here, go anywhere else, but Bourbon Heat.Do not come here if you want some racist macho punk to kick you out for no apparent reason. Been here before but this one particular Caucasian employee thought he had to be a "tough guy" for some random reason on his way out on his shift.  Way to be a tough guy buddy.  Support the other locals with better music and djs.The food selection was limited but the food was good.  Fried pickles, alligator poboy, & the shrimp/alligator gumbo were delicious.  Also they had a good house band out front which made the dining experience betterWhat a nice place! My wife had blackened chicken with sweet fries. She said it was "okay". I had alligator sausage and shrimp creole over penne.  Best meal I had in months. Waiter was great and gave us tips on local places to check out. 2 great dinners, two great drinks with tax and tip...about $50....well worth it right on Bourbon Street.We came here at first to try to watch the Derby.  The drink deals are awesome.  the music was too loud but it is Bourbon Street.  We went during crawfish season and all I can say is.. if you like crawfish, what they were grilling up looked great.
Liquor on tap is also kinda strange but cool.  The bartender was very nice and the people in there were coolFrequented the Tricou House at 711 Bourbon Street pre-Katrina.  Just had the opportunity to visit Bourbon Heat post-Katrina.  It was much nicer than before, and I liked it before!  Well done renovations!  Love the balcony and the courtyard.  Can't wait to return.  A must-visit location on Bourbon Street!DO NOT EAT HERE!! When we got there, we were told it was a seat yourself restaurant- so we did; however, our server never came. Instead, we saw a chef taking a 15 minute chain smoking break just casually chatting with a fellow server. No one ever came over to even take a drink order and to top it off: we saw 2 rats. We left before anything else could happen. I would give this place 0 stars if possible.In the end 2 for 1 beers was a plus. Edible but not really anything impressive. The courtyard was nice and quiet.Loved the courtyard and the atmosphere. Gorgeous night and the perfect little spot to eat dinner and hear some live music. I ordered the gumbo-laya - perfect amount if you aren't too hungry with just the right amount of kick. We have a two year old and it was a great spot even with him. Patio heaters keep it warm! Would definitely recommend!Love the outside patio. Service was fast and friendly! Red beans and rice was deliciousWe had a pit stop on our road trip (Montreal to Mexico and traveling with two standard poodles) and while meandering as one does on Bourbon street we were greeted and told they had a dog friendly courtyard so we stopped in.  Our arrival with said hounds always attracts attention and made quick friends with the wait staff.  We asked about getting their signature dish and were told to get the yaya's gumbo/jumbalaya.  This dish blew us away, the flavor was unique, rich and tasty and we gobbled it up with lots of gusto.  We liked it so much we came back and had another that same evening, and confirmed that it was the winning dish we recommend (and will be craving and trying to reproduce), the staff was really nice and attentive (we even chatted up the cooks) and the cost for the meal in question was very reasonable, as were the beers and cocktails so I happily recommend you try them out.Great service wasnt to busy..2 for1 beers sounded excellent...My wife said the alligator po boy was delicious .The food is meh, and the service even more meh. The shrimp etouffee was an embarassment, even for a tourist trap. The shrimp po boy was so-so. The best thing on the table was the french fries, and they were just decent. Service was slow and unattentive. There are too many other places that are much better and a better representation of New Orleans food, at a much better price point.The food was soso. The service left a lot to be desired. We sat for 15 minutes before we got menus.  I was looking forward to the sweet potatoe fries. But they tasted like cardboard so I sent them back.  The rest was ok but nothing special. Will not be returning.Took a weekend trip to NOLA.  This is the place for a Hurricane!  Not pure alcohol to the point it's gross (like a few other places we tried).  And it's real fruit juice better for the hungover.  
My group went back a few times each night for a hurricane!