The meal we had at Couvant was very different then anything else you find in NOLA- which is wanted and amazing! I also loved the design of the space as well! We shared a bunch of the apps and main dishes but hands down was the oysters and escargot! We kept asking for too much bread to soak up all the butter goodness we had with the escargot as well! I had the skate fish and it was amazing, I do suggest more "green" sides however. Everyone was so nice from the hostess to the bartender and our waitress! I can't wait to go back next time I'm in town and hopefully experience the courtyard when it's a little less hot!No reservations but we walked into this place greeted by the host who DEFINITELY had a problem with us bringing our baby in our stroller.  Almost as if to say that we picked the WRONG restaurant to eat at.  It took 3 gestures with the hostess (the second being an eye roll) to leave us with the impression that kids are not advised here.  Unfortunately she made us feel very unwelcomed.  It was a very uncomfortable experience.Great venue! Sit outside!!!! Bars everywhere! Intimate seating areas! Go! Go! Go! The staff is excellent! Loved my perfectly cooked filet!This place is so adorable and absolutely the sweetest people work here. Brandi took great care of us helping us understand the menu and about the restaurant and hotel next door. It is Pinterest beautiful and classy! The menu is French and only reason I'm giving a 4 and not 5 is because Maybe a little more general items on menu would be good for the ones of us little less adventurous. The Sandwich was delicious and bakery items amazing!! It's pretty new so would def try again!Nice, French breakfast spot, very close to the French quarter. Great croissants and eggs royals. Just wish the staff was a bit more friendly and attentive.The design of the restaurant/ hotel is so fresh, and our meal was absolutely outstanding. We ordered the escargot, veal shank, fries, and pistachio creme brûlée. I'm still dreaming about how that buttery veal shank melted in my mouth. Definitely need to go back stat.Beautiful restaurant in a super chic hip hotel environment!!  The Hostess Lyonnesha (? Spelling) was so amazing and helpful. We had a reservation at 8:30 but decided last minute to drop in to see if they could seat us at 7:15 or at least let us have a drink at the bar. Without hesitation she said "oh yes I can seat y'all no problem" and promptly walked us through the crowded restaurant to cute little table.  We sat down and the waiter immediately brought us water and explained the menu and made recommendations. We ordered the veal and potato sided dish and the mussels frites. So Freaking GOOD! The veal was probably the best I have ever had and cooked perfectly. The pot of mussels was full with delicious white wine garlic  cream sauce and a lot of mussels that were cooked to perfection. DO NOT skip the fries and aioli wow!!!!!  We finished the meal with coffee and tea service. The tea was hot and served in a cute pot and the coffee was served fresh in cup and saucer. All the details were so good!  Highly recommend can't wait to go back!  Go early and enjoy the atmosphere!! You need a reservation.Great atmosphere. Good music. Wonderful service! Chef Elliot pays close attention to detail. Fabulous food!! Cannot wait to come back for more superb french cuisineGorgeous little restaurant inside the Eliza Jane. Everything was absolutely delicious. The crudités with the grand aioli was a great appetizer for the table. Cocktails were wonderful and creative . Reservations seem necessary, although we were an hour early and seated shortly after.Delicious new restaurant inside the boutique Eliza Jane Hyatt Unbound Hotel. Prices are not too high for the quality of the ingredients. I had a small green salad (buttery and served with sliced radish) the steak frites and paris brest dessert. Served on cute Couvant plateware with adorable accessories. You'll love the American modern vibe of this place.3.5 stars. Service is slooooowwww. Cocktails are solid, I had a bourbon based drink with ginger and spices, delicious! Olives and starter salad were good choices. We went for the mussels and fries for the main dish, and I have had better. Broth was a bit bland for my taste. Fries and the mayo dip that they came with were good though. Chocolate tart and Paris brest desserts were good choices. Recommend trying the chocolate tart which comes with grapefruit ice cream.First off, I have to say the 2-star review was nonsensical and did not speak at all to the quality of (or lack thereof) the food.
Now, for a rave review: What a wonderful experience. The food and service are great. I love that they offer raw oysters, as well. 
The omelette was something out of Provence. Creamy and perfect consistency. 
The frites are sinfully delicious.
Cheese plate is just OK.
Javier, my waiter on my first visit, was top notch. I can't say the same for service ok subsequent visits. Passable at best.Delicious start to finish. Great atmosphere and hip vibes. Excellent service from Sondra? (I think was her name). She killed it. Ordered: Escargot to start followed by Veal Chop followed by pistachio creme brûlée. Wow. All standouts. Want to go back for more. My pictures do zero justice. You should go try it.Beautiful restaurant. Excellent service. We have a diner with us who requires a gluten free menu. There were limited options for that. Nonetheless, we enjoyed our food.Visited on my last business trip to Nola, this Classic French menu made me so happy!  Ordered the Moules Frites with fennel and they were perfection with crusty bread to dip into the sauce.  My guest ordered the Quiche which was the best that I have ever had - served with a side salad and was a nice portion.  Server let us know that they have a 2 for 1 Happy Hour that includes oysters - so sad I was leaving that day!  Would use this restaurant for a business lunch or dinner out with friends.  Server was friendly and warm.  Oh, and don't forget to check out their courtyard in the back - such a hidden little gem!Lovely ambience and decor, really nice staff and good French breakfast. Excellent croissants and eggs royale.Great dinner at Couvant during our latest trip to NOLA!  Everything we ate was spot on!  Great salad with shaved fois gras, slate with lemon brown butter sauce, and an amazing creamy dense chocolate tart with sea salt.  Delicious food, in a beautiful setting and great service!  Would highly recommend!One day my friend and I decided that we needed to treat ourselves to some fine French food Couvant was our answer. It was a little chilly for our Saturday Lunch so I opted for a hotty toddy - one of my favorite drinks to have when it is cold outside!
I ordered the steak and fries while my friend got the mussels and fries. Y'all I loved their fries so much! My steak was cooked perfectly and my friend enjoyed all of her mussels. We were supposed to exchange our bites but we were both enjoying our meal so much we forgot to exchange bites haha!
The one complaint or improvement I can suggest is that the complimentary bread that we received was very hard. It wasn't a deal breaker because the rest of my meal was delicious, but it would have been better if the bread was a little softer so I could have soaped up some of hte delicious sauce on my plate.In a city full of over done, over sauced, over touristy jazz brunches, Couvant was a fresh, simple, delicious breath of air. Beautiful restaurant in an amazing hotel on Magazine and on the right side of Canal. Food was delicious. Server was sweet but had a little trouble getting everything right but we're pretty easy going and who am I to argue with an extra ham and cheese croissant. Great outside area  if the weather is right.I was in New Orleans for Jazzfest with my parents. We ate there for dinner one night 
I had their steak dish, it was great it came with frits ( fries), the steak was great but the fries were average. My drink was good, to bad I can't remember what I drank besides water. Desert was good, again I can not remember what I had.Rating for the food: 5 stars
Rating for the service: 2.75 stars
The good: I've been twice for dinner and the food is really, really good. The escargot are amazing--easily the best I've ever had. Very classic french techniques and dishes cooked impeccably. I really enjoy myself here and will keep coming back. The food is the star. 
The bad: The service is pretty dismal. It can take a long time for anyone to arrive at your table. Once, we ordered a bottle of wine, only to have someone return almost 15 minutes later to say that it wasn't chilled, we ordered a different bottle, and it didn't arrive at the table until another 30 minutes later. Our meal was halfway over by the time wine hit glasses. Last night, we ordered French 75s and the bartender made them with vanilla simple syrup, claiming she was out of regular. They were pretty disgusting and when one of the managers heard about the situation, he offered to bring us some glasses of bubbles to make up for it, but then those glasses never materialized. When two people ordered the same dish, one with mushrooms and one without, the server who brought them didn't know which was which and insisted that they were the same. 
I like Couvant anyway, or in spite of the off service, but if they could get the front of the house to rise to the level of the kitchen, it would be amazing.This food was reminiscent of the breakfasts I got when in France. Absolutely LOVED this place!! Orange juice in my mimosa was fresh squeezed, hearty serving of smoked salmon on my dish with soft scrambled eggs that were absolutely amazing. Others at my table got the quiche Loraine which was so custardy it melted in your mouth and the ham in it was clearly house smoked. Another got the French toast which was probably the best I've ever had in my life! Served with a praline caramel instead of syrup and the most perfect crispy to soft ratio (and stuffed with a little custard!!). Bacon was to die for. I wish I lived here so I could come here all the time! On top of the food, the atmosphere and decor is phenomenal, I want to live here. Will definitely be back to at least have a drink before I leave.Excellent restaurant! Service incredible from the hostess, the servers, to the chef! Thank goodness there are no televisions at the restaurant bar. A true French Restauramt in the New Orleans. Nothing creole about it. Pillar candles burning in the windows, cozy unique sitting areas for quiet conversations.. a very romantic, classy place!!Went there for lunch -  nice decor - and that was the best part. Ordered a drink was not made properly so I refused it. Bread didn't come until dish was served, after about a  twenty minute wait. There were only three other diners. Dish was so so. Fifteen dollars for what was basically a grilled ham and cheese sandwich. When asked if we were done, the dirty plates were just left there in front of us.In town for a convention and came here for dinner with some colleagues. I have to say this is one of the most amazing meals I have ever had in my life. Had several oysters, the tar tar, and the filet dinner. Absolutely incredible. Literally one of those meals you'll remember forever.Top 10 in NOLA and very underutilized. If you're visiting, and you appreciate good French food, don't miss it!Food was fantastic! Atmosphere splendid, gluten free options available. Escargot was divine, paired with a Rose' and finish off with a delicious coffee creme caramel; sensational. Only 6 months old so tiny kinks with the new upfront bar staff BUT you must come! Superb! And the back garden area is a wine lovers paradise.Didn't even get a chance to try this place as we had one of the poorest greetings by a hostess ever. We thought the first remark we heard from her was off, but after a major eye roll and another comment we felt awkward and unwanted. I guess it was because we had a 15 month old and kids aren't allowed?  No worries, we had a great meal elsewhere which our kid was perfectly well behaved at.I really wish negative stars was an option. I was excited to try this restaurant. The interior was cute and conveniently  located inside the Eliza Jane, the hotel I was staying at. The hostess told us it would be a 5 min wait and suggested we go to the bar to wait. Our bartender, Oresto, was great. Very nice and had good drink recommendations. After a 10 min wait at the bar, we asked the hostess if we would be seated soon, and he sat us within a couple minutes. After being seated, the hostess informed us that Kyle would be our server. We never were greeted or saw Kyle. After sitting at the table for about 10 minutes, we asked another female server where our server was. She said she would send him over. An additional 5 minutes passed before the manager came to refill our waters and let us know Kyle would be coming to the table shortly. We waited another 5 minutes before getting frustrated and walked out. The manager walked by us as we got up and NEVER SAID A WORD. Didn't apologize for the wait or anything. The restaurant wasn't busy either. Aside from the bartender, this was one of the worst customer service experiences. I really expected more from a restaurant located inside a Hyatt affiliated hotel.We had a reservation and arrived on time. Only a couple tables were seated and yet we had to stand at the host stand for 3-4 minutes before we were even greeted, let alone seated. When we were finally seated we didn't get all the menus and had to wait for the host/manager to come back with them. Our server was good, but the host and dining room manager charged around the room like the place was about to catch fire, it didn't. The food was good, not great and will no doubt be lost in the pool of many restaurants that don't understand that a world class meal is always just a couple blocks away in New Orleans. Get your stuff together Couvant, or be relegated to the many hotel restaurant wanna be's.Terrible. Walked in at 9:30 pm for dessert. Less than half full. Not only would they not seat us at bar for a drink & desert but the attitude and looks given by hostess were incredibly rude. Their explanation was manager would not seat anyone for even a drink because there had been a festival this weekend. Across the street was a fully packed restaurant with more polite folks.I came in at 4pm on a Tuesday thinking that I'd try out some of the things featured on a few articles dated a month ago about classic French food and a happy hour menu. I was post-tour and in need of some refreshment and a drink and was pretty surprised to not see any yelp reviews yet, so I decided to give it a try. Aside from the beautiful bar, I was pretty disappointed by what I ended up experiencing.
First, they need to put a basic menu out somewhere. If I had known that "happy hour" was only cocktails and olives I wouldn't have gone. Second, it was told that larger menu items wouldn't be available until five and, at that same moment, the people next to me (the only other diners there) had entrees delivered. It was super awkward and didn't make me feel particularly good. The one bright spot was that my waiter was really kind and could sense that I was uncomfortable. 
All in all, I spent $17 on an "alright" cocktail and had the most awkward fifteen minutes in a restaurant of my life.
Please put a menu or an explanation of your happy hour on the website for us plebes who are just hoping for some authentic mussels and fries on vacation.The brunch quiche was absolutely amazing! I've never had one like it. The egg was a creamy custard consistency, not runny and the slice was huge. The lemon meringue dessert was actually lemony and tangy, not overly sweet. It was delicious. Can't wait to try the dinner menu.Dined here recently with a group of about 25 folks.  Service was a bit slow, although friendly and professional.  I was surprised they only had one main server to our large party- while other servers, the bartender, and the manager were assisting, it was still not a level of service I would have expected.  Salads ordered as first courses came out with the main entrees, which was a bit annoying except that the entrees don't generally come with any sides- and their selection of sides is very limited. Food was overall pretty good, but nothing was a wow moment.  Just think there are better options in the great food town of NOLA...Love the hotel love the ambience love the decor waitVery disappointed in the food service was OK bartender in the bar extremely rudeSome of the best French food I've had in the states- Highly recommend a glass of champagne with their French fries and aioli! Cute bar, friendly service, and nice music and atmosphere as well.I guess we're just not fancy enough as this place is a very very nice hotel, however, the food leaves a lot to be desired. Breakfast buffet is $20 and it consists of small amount of bacon, a couple pieces of sausage, oatmea, powdered scrambled eggs, fresh fruit and Danish. The amount that they put out on the buffet bar, it's a bit intimidating because there's so little amount of food you feel guilty taking anything. I will try and take a picture in the morning, and post it, as we're comped because of a problem we had at the Hyatt Regency, so we get to eat for free, otherwise we would not. Nothing personal, as service is great as are the accommodations.The salad was great...  but the rest of the meal left a lot to be desired.  
To start, the cocktails were just ok- we ordered the Daiquiri and the Daily Punch.  As mentioned, the Frisée salad was very good.  
For the main course, we ordered the Mussels and the Veal Chop.  
The Mussels come in your choice of three sauces- we choose the garlic cream sauce and they were fine but not something I would want to come back to eat.  As for the veal chop, it was bad!  It came with a glowing recommendation from our waiter, but tasted a bit off!  
The best thing about the main course was the French fries and the Dauphines potatoes.  
Would not recommend or go back.Great food, great service and the building is incredible.   Was there the night Chef Brad McDonald was being photographed for a magazine after winning an award for being the best French Restaurant in New Orleans.Love the hotel love the ambience! Wait staff thinks their serving somewhere in a five star. Very annoying and way too pretentious! Bartender with the mustache very rude!!!!Wanted to try Couvant as it was truly french forward versus "New Orleans" style french influenced.  Started with the Gourmande salad, which was the most creative with shaved for gras and truffle infused dressing $18 (pricey?).  The escargot was too herb driven, hard to taste the snails, but good.   The french bread, while good, lacks the true french crunch.  My sake was really my favorite with a generous portion (enough to share) brown butter capers with croutons really complimented the fish, plus a good value at $27.  Duck confit was also a large portion and tasty, but the meat was still red and skin still a bit soft which included flavorful lentils but typically served with bacon.   Our dessert (well not really because we were too full) was the savory facon joel robuchon bone marrow-bordelaise mash potatos, highly recommended.   The bartender created a special drink base upon a few desired libations which was creative.   Ambiance and decor are top-notch, service decent, true french brasserie - well it's not too far from it.Amazing French food. Service was fantastic. Filet cooked perfect. Oysters were fresh and amazing. Don't normally do dessert but tried it and was highly satisfied.Best foie Gras ever !
Everything I've had a couvant is exceptional. You can tell the chefs have a fine attention to detail with each dish they prepare. The duck confit is the best I've ever had. The setting is beautiful, they have a great patio area. It is quite the hidden gem in the CBD. Can't wait to go back.Okay - yes hotel restaurant. Yes -  new restaurant. Yes - really amazing food. 
I headed downstairs for dinner after perusing far too many menus and delivery services on a record low temperature week night. I took a seat at the extremely cozy and welcome bar (cored most beautiful restaurant 2018) and ordered The Waitlist and the half roasted chicken (actual menu item name in French). 
The skin was beautifully crispy, covered in thyme. the entire chicken was cooked perfectly - so juicy and tender. I received a half breast with wing in tact and a chicken thigh. All was cooked the same and completely perfect. I'd say the highlight of the dish was a rich, deep sauce all of the plate. They did not skimp and I'm very thankful for that! It was delicious and I dipped all my (free) bread in the sauce as I could not get enough. 
Dare I say better than Zuni Cafe chicken?? (Gasp!)
Please eat here.This restaurant is inside the Eliza Jane hotel. The restaurant itself is a little sterile but all the food we ate was solid. I really enjoyed the Mussels and fries,  the skate special was really tasty and the creme brulee was delicious.  Our waitress was really nice and on top of everything, i can't remember her name but she is originally from California. The host was also really nice and had a nice sexy southern drawl! After dinner we hung out at the hotel for a little while. It's a cute boutique hotel and had a separate bar and a tv/game room.  We ended up staying and playing a round of scrabble. It was a few days after new years and they still had their Christmas trees up and it smelled so good. It was so inviting it was hard to leave!Food was very good as well as our server. Pricing is a little high for the portion size but everything was nicely done and presented well.First off, we are New Orleans natives, unlike what the yelp profile (created in Seattle) states. We were on our way back from dining at NOLA for Easter, caught a few throws courtesy of the Easter parades, and decided to stroll through Eliza Jane. Beautiful hotel and a hidden gem of New Orleans. It opened less than a year ago and is cozy and quiet with lots of convenient areas for a romantic getaway from the hustle and bustle of a world class tourist location.  Due to the ambiance, we decided to stop at a beautiful lacquered wood bar. Aric was our bartender, and greeted us like old friends.  After speaking with him for a few minutes, we decided to tune into our adventurous spirit and try some cocktails down the glass less traveled. Aric, who truly loves his craft, made us some amazing drinks. We had the last word, a chartreuse cocktail, and the vieux empires, a gin cocktail. We'll definitely be back.This beautiful restaurant is inside the beautiful Eliza Jane hotel. They serve French brasserie classics such as moules frites and steak frites, but their shining star is definitely their dessert menu. 
The Paris-Brest, served with a scoop of hazelnut ice cream, is my personal favorite. This hazelnut praline cream-filled choux pastry is usually wheel-shaped, as it is named after the bicycle race between the cities of Paris and Brest. Couvant elevates it to another level of deliciousness by topping it with hazelnut ice cream. 
During the months of January through March, the dessert menu also features a galette de rois (king cake filled with almond frangipane), served with a scoop of Meyer lemon ice cream. 
The flavor of the creme brulee, along with the flavor of the accompanying madeleines, changes seasonally (e.g. citrus in the wintertime, pistachio in the summertime). 
New Orleans is definitely a food city, with lots of wonderful restaurants. After your dinner at one of these fantastic restaurants, stop by Couvant for delightful desserts, cordial service, and the beautiful surroundings of the Eliza Jane hotel.Easily one of the best traditional French meals this side of the Atlantic. Went with a large group we shared and ate almost everything on the menu for Dinner. Escargot, foie gras- solid. Consommé was unlike anything I've ever had. The next morning someone order quiche- not something I've ever considered my favorite. Kind of always thought of quiche as scrambled egg pie. If this is what quiche is supposed to taste like I have no idea what other garbage I've been eating my whole life. 
Honestly. I don't have a single critique. Perfect meal.Really enjoyed our experience at couvant! The menu was on the more expensive side, but the service was fantastic and the food was to match. I had the salad lyonnaise with a topped egg, followed by the filet mignon which was tender and was accompanied by a side of fries. We finished off with a Paris Brest- my favorite part of the meal! Heavy on the hazelnut taste but light in texture. I would say it's a must!!
We loved how beautiful the restaurant was and followed dinner by a tour through the courtyard. I think l'll be coming back soon for some drinks with friends under the lights outside!!I've been to this place a couple of times as we live not too far away.  Gets packed on the weekends so I would suggest the earlier part of the week to guarantee a table.   Highlights for me have been Skate, Foie Gras, THAT escargot, and basically the entire pastry menu.Amazing atmosphere!! Everywhere you turn is beautiful. Our waiter, Neil was incredible, and the hostess Monica was so warm and welcoming. The Bisous wine garden is the perfect spot to hang out for any type of occasion. We dined at a high top table then went to the wine garden and took tons of pictures! The food was incredible! I absolutely loved every second at Couvant! I can't wait to return and enjoy more yummy food and drinks! Thank you for accommodating all my friends and me!We had a similar experience to some of the other recent three star reviews. This is a solid location and atmosphere. Pretty, well done space. 
Drinks: Nice cocktails. Not a huge selection of specialty cocktails but good flavor variety and the drink I had was tasty (Maximilian).
Service: We liked our waiter as he was personable and pleasant but they don't seem to be well organized as a team. For the price tag of the food, the service needs to be improved in regards to watching for drink orders, taking initial orders and how to discuss and present food. We had some interesting interactions with the other staff members. My wife had escargot and somehow we started talking with the server who delivered the food about escargot and he said "oh these just come out of a can". Not surprising and nothing wrong with that. But defeats the illusion of the dish. Same happened when my veal chop was served. Another server said "here is your veal chop, basically dead baby cow". I'm aware of what veal is as I ordered it. I don't really need the image imprinted in my mind right before I eat it. Not sure if the server had an agenda but seemed more just like an offhand remark. 
Food:
We started with raw oysters (blue points) that were nice and the marinated olives (good, typical and as expected). 
I had the salad Lyonnaise which was well executed. She had the escargot which she really enjoyed as well. 
For main courses, she got the skirt steak (medium rare) and I had the veal chop (medium). Her steak was purple raw. Waiter saw it and immediately took back. The veal was rare. I like medium rare so I went ahead and ate it despite ordering it medium. Her steak came back at a solid rare instead of raw. I could be wrong but both looked like sous vide so just no temp control in the kitchen on the finishing. There's no way a thermometer went in either of our meat dishes. He comp'ed my wife's steak which I would anticipate based on how that went so kudos there.
The Gateau Marjolaine was excellent and highly recommended. Same with the absinthe grasshopper. 
My verdict is come here for some apps or dessert at the bar. Enjoy the environment and cocktails and give them a chance. Hopefully they can get their waitstaff and service dialed in and don't buy a meat dish until the chef buys a thermometer!I came here with a group for brunch and had a really disappointing experience. The service was very slow (it took us over an hour to get our food), the food was cold when it came out, and portions  were small. The bartender also made a snide comment when we arrived about disliking wedding season, as we were a large group of women.  The hotel is gorgeous and it's a shame the restaurant is not better.As stated before, Couvant is a physically beautiful space. Additionally, the food is well executed. So, why only three stars? The service.  We went during Coolinary, which includes three courses and states that it comes with iced tea. I asked the waiter to describe a dish (the menu includes a decent amount of unfamiliar terms that are not given a description) and the waiter waffled a bit with his answer, finally ending the description with "I guess it has kind of a weird taste". So, pass on that one I guess? 
I ordered the soup to begin. The waiter brought it but no spoon and disappeared before I could request one. The restaurant was completely empty but for me and my friend. I sat there for awhile until I found another more competent waitress who gave us a spoon. About that time I realized we never got our iced tea. When he came back I asked about it, to which he replied "oh, you wanted that?" I guess the iced tea is only upon request?
The entree round was fine. Then he came to give us our check, but we hadn't received the dessert course. I asked about it and he said "It's just a cookie". Ok....does that mean I can't have it?
Couvant, I can tell your back of house staff is working their butt off. Don't let the front of house ruin all their hard work.Nice ambiance and friendly staff. We had fish and tomato soup. They were both delicious. The prices are reasonable. I would go again.Just trying to spread the word about how beautiful couvant and the Eliza Jane is. We were here last weekend and at 4 in the afternoon were the only people there. The space is so exquisite, they did an excellent job creating it, I think people don't know about it yet, but it will quickly become a go to spot. The double bars and tables are so elegant you could easily celebrate a special occasion here. Even the paper coasters with their metallic rose gold print are gorgeous. Not to mention they have happy hour 3-6 everyday, including weekends!! That means 2 for 1 cocktails/wine and food specials too. The cocktails offered a good selection of new ideas and variations on classics, and they were delicious. I would highly recommend coming here for a classy cocktail hour with friends or on a date.This place has been amazing since the first night we arrived. 
 Would highly recommend it even if you're not a guest of the Eliza JANE. 
I had coffee and pastries, which were all so good. 
Almond croissant was flaky and just the right amount of sweet to compliment my coffee.
Had oysters here 3 times, so fresh and smooth. 
The variety and different consistencies were noticeably fresh. 
The peas and duck egg with bacon was an amazing starter.
We
Had mussels prepared several ways and they were so exquisite. 
Finally we had pistachio cremeé brûlée and it was heavenly. This place is not only good for the palate but the aesthetics and decor are on point.I can't speak to the food but the service was nonexistent. A friend and I came in for brunch on a Saturday morning in October. There were a few people at the bar but otherwise the place was empty. There was a bartender and a waiter but neither helped us or even looked up from what they were doing. We sat down at the bar and were ignored for another 10 minutes, so we left. Went to Royal House instead. Good food and friendly efficient staff there. Highly recommend Royal House.Couvant in a nutshell:
Food: 3/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Service: 3/5
First the food.  Most of what we ate was ok but I'll highlight the two dishes which were standouts:
Magret de Canard: duck breast served with duck jus.  Duck was cooked medium rare.  It had a nice marbling on the edges.  Nice flavor.  The duck jus, of which there was plenty, was decent.  Too much per bite and it became overpowering.
Frites: nicely cook french fries served with a garlic aioli.  We split these as an app and they were very tasty.  Had a nice crisp on the outside and were seasoned well.
We had some other dishes which were just ok: 
- the pate: I think it was duck and pork.  Not bad
- three cheeses:  cheeses were good.  Not much else to go along with them.  
- both desserts were barely good.  The chocolate pot de creme had this orange sauce on the top, which totally overpowered the bites.  I love chocolate but could not get over the orange sauce.
Atmosphere:  handsome restaurant.  Big bar with seating along the periphery.  Table and chair were comfortable.  The restaurant is connected to a hotel.
Service:  lots of kinks to work out.  Everyone was extremely nice but the wait staff and assistants did not execute well.  Shari V ordered some coffee which she hoped would come with dessert.  Unfortunately, it was ready in time but our waiter forgot to bring it by.  So  she was sipping coffee as we were finishing our last bites.  And our waiter forgot the cream/milk when he delivered the coffee.  Lots of little hiccups made for a disjointed dining experience.
Overall, we won't repeat.  The space is incredible.  I suspect the service will improve.  But the food was not good enough to bring us back.Read some reviews before stopping in between meetings.  I ordered the skate.  Didn't know what it was until I did a search.  It was my first time and will not be my last, outstanding.  I've been here all my life and have dined at some great restaurants but this was such a surprise.  Highly recommended by a local!While the food and drinks were great, I would not go back solely due to the service alone. Our server only saw us when taking orders, never checked on us once. For the price of their menu, their service should be way better than how we were treated . The unfriendly service and annoyed looks and attitudes was not what I was expecting. Now, I would understand if they were way too packed, but the amount of people there it was manageable to handle our party. We are a very patient group and started off extremely nice, but after 5 orders of fries weren't given to us, and we couldn't even tell her because she did not check on us and then we began to get annoyed. Needless to say, I was very unimpressed and ready to leave.Delicious French food in a sea of wonderful Cajun restaurants. The service was great and the escargot was delicious (so good I didn't even snag a picture). Also tried the sandwich with Brie and the "hot dog". Both were very good. The fries were my favorite part though!This place was amazing!!! Four of us went for a birthday brunch. Great decor and vibe, food was delicious, staff was fantastic and took great care of us, Brandy's service was impeccable. Will definitely come again!Man oh man, did I want to like this place. And struggle I did on how to rate this, but if something happens that will ensure I never go back, it has to 1*
The good: beautiful place. coffee.
The unforgivable: terrible Avocado & Poached Egg Tartine. I don't understand why poaching an egg is so difficult for so many supposedly otherwise good restaurants. I was served what amounted to a hard-boiled egg on top of stale toast. I guess the avocado was fine? 
Two things make this worse: dining companion had same dish and same result AND the waiter witnessed both of us cutting into this monstrosity and said nothing of it. We thought about complaining, but let it go as we were already behind on the day. But hopefully someone reads this page (pretty sure there are others with this issue) and can give a quick refresher on the basics.Food was good but service was slow and not all sides were delivered to table. Coffee arrived 25 minutes after desserts. Only deducted one star as food was really good but service definitely left us questioning whether to return.Couvant is one of the more attractive spaces I've been in, nestled into an attractive hotel, in an attractive part of an attractive city, the food reflects the surroundings.
I hosted an event for 20 here, the passed apps were on point, and attractive, the cocktails were wonderful and the service was pleasant. Could not have asked for more.Came here with my husband and LOVED it!! The waiter was so nice and always making sure we had water/ drinks, etc. We started with a rose cocktail drink and some wine then had bread and butter. Ordered a few things and talked for a bit. They take care of you but don't check on you too much. I liked that the food had a few minutes between each course so my husband and I could talk a bit. Our server Kyle was AMAZING. You should definitely request him if you go here!New Orleans is afire with new Southern cooking and is going through a resurgence of modern French plates. Nowhere in the US of A can we claim French dining is mature and a true destination as New Orleans. At Couvant, I'm in awe with the authenticity and creativeness Chef McDonald puts forth on his French plates. He has  worked at Per Se and with Alain Ducasse as part of his credentials.  But unlike trendy ripoff dining like Trois Mec in Los Angeles, Couvant is undoubtedly French and modern,  deliciously craveworthy at that. 
Inside a restored hotel, the Eliza Jane, I was drawn to come here via Yelp reviews.  Instagram is honestly,  not as authentic because of filtered and "beautified" photos. My first visit on Mardi Gras Tuesday was a welcoming and deliciously unique experience. The meal was in one word, extraordinary.  The stingray was beautifully made; the plate spoke of technique with a unique message to the diner: "We offer you a finely made dish in the strictest of traditions yet clean and modern and of course very French". The Galette de Roi (King's Cake, served only for Mardi Gras) was delicious, beautiful and memorable. I was so into Couvant, I returned for a reprise during my 4 day trip to the city.   Love. 
Service was very good considering it's a new restaurant in New Orleans. The vibe here is causal yet rest assured you will feel you are dining in Paris.  
Chef McDonald -- thank you for an enjoyable two nights savoring your plates. As your restaurant name implies your plates are smoldering HOT!
Tip:  Valet parking.  In the CBD, it's very walkable from the French Quarter.Breakfast is nothing short of an expensive joke. Frozen food. French? Seriously??? Such a nice hotel, restaurant does not match the luxurious hotel.Outstanding food and ambiance. The skate and scallops were amazing. The holiday pudding was divine. Service was good.Bad service. Came in for happy hour and ordered a martini, which was listed on the happy hour (the only menu at the time) at $7. When I got the bill, still during happy hour, the martini was listed at $13 and said "grey goose martini." I told the bartender about this and that I had not asked for Grey Goose and that I had just pointed to the menu and said "martini." He refused to change the bill. Will not be back.The rating should actually be 4 1/2 stars. Not because of the food or service but because when my daughter went to the ladies room near the wine garden a small rodent scurried in front of her feet. I get it. It's outdoors in a congested area and the wine garden is the former alleyway BUT let's make sure we are exterminating on a regular basis to avoid pest sightings.
Other than that we had a great meal in an eatery that was designed like a French country home complete with a worn staircase that led to nowhere. Highly solicitous staff and chef (we were comped frites and wine). Pics of the fabulous meal are included. We had enough food that we ate it the next evening in our hotel room!Yes- Oh yes! This is a great spot for a regular or date night! It's also nice for a Girls Night Out! I am always searching for these hip & trendy spots. 
Monique gave us a tour and was very professional and thorough. Nick did a great job with those drinks. They were all so good. Get the Christmas cocktail drink called absinthe mint. The raw oysters are also pretty good.Stopped in on a whim and had the most delicious meal - and that is not just because we were all starving!!  The restaurant is part of the Hotel Eliza Jane, everyone is really nice, the space is gorgeous and the service was great. I had the quiche and soup of the day (tomato, and it was truly exceptional).  The quiche was like none other, the eggs were positively silken....I will forever compare all other quiches I encounter to this one and I just know they will all pale in comparison.  My friends both had the croque madam and they loved it - check this place out, totally worth it.Terrific seafood, Great scallops mussels and truffle fries. Good cheese plate for an appetizer and excellent fresh baked bread.  Good service and a very quiet relaxing atmosphere. A hidden gem off the beaten path. Highly recommend.I've dined at some very fine establishments and have never tasted anything like the flavors at Couvant!  The wait staff was incredible in their recommendations and as promised, everything was impressive.  From the olives to the escargot to the anchovies (all of which I don't prefer)...they were all so surprisingly delicious!   Fillet was prepare perfectly, and definitely try the Skate!  So curious!  The bartender made us some Swiss Ladies!!  The culinary highlight of the trip!Sazerac taste like a Mark Twain novel boudin Blanc was a perfect lite meal before a breeze on the strip enjoyed my experience at CouvantNice upscale restaurant nestled in the hub of New Orleans on Magazine Street. I frequently stay at the connected hotel - the Eliza Jane. It's a great place to go for a meal or drinks. The portions are a little small, but it was a good dining experience.Save yourself and don't go to Couvant. I wish could give 0 stars. Our service was inexplicably terrible since we were almost the only table in the restaurant at 11:30 on a Sunday. Our waitress was new, and in addition to knowing almost nothing about the food or restaurant, she seemed unhappy for us to be there. Shockingly, a man walked by our table and tried to strike up a conversation with our table of women including sexist remarks. We were disturbed to watch him walk into the kitchen (I assume he works at Couvant). We ordered basic breakfast foods including eggs and avocado toast which took over an hour to arrive. At no point did our waitress check in or apologize for the delay. Several drink orders never arrived. Hoping our bad experience would end with the service we were surprised when our meals finally came and were completely underwhelming. I would honestly have expected more from a casual diner. My meal was described on the menu as "farm eggs with pommes paillasson" what they really meant was over cooked home fries and a spoonful of undercooked scrambled eggs. The avocado toast was small and included brown avocado. Several orders arrived colOverall everyone's meal was not as expected. This was our worst experience in New Orleans from service to food. There are plenty if other places to eat so avoid Couvant.