I was a happy camper eating this after a long night of Hand grenades LOL. I ordered 2 for three of us girls and it was enough. The slices are huge and can easily be two slices. $4 for the plain slice of pizza. They heat it up quickly and you make your way to the register or get one of the pizza guys to charge you. You can get beer and soda here as well. The pizza was not crisp on the bottom but it had such good flavor. The sauce tasted fresh and there was an abundant amount of cheese. Yum yum it was good. Next time I'll try one of the fancy ones.I know, I know when NOLA eat Louisiana food but one night we were just too damn tired to locate local so popped in here. Guess what? When back got another slice each. 
No beer on tap although taps are there. BummerGoooood pizza. Be sure to stop by. Seating is limited but it's worth grab a piece of the speciality slices.AMAZING!!!!!!! Oh my goodness! Second to New York! So good and quick. Pizza slices are about $5 a pop and a whole pizza is about $25 with 6 slices. Even on a busy night they are pretty quick and have a variety of flavors. I definitely will Be back each trip for this pizza.There is absolutely NOTHING i can complain about! Besides this hidden gem being located on Bourbon.. but is that really all so bad? It's BOURBON!
Stopped in last night after a couple of hours on bourbon for a late snack and was nothing short of fulfilled and satisfied! I love this place! Pizza is always fresh and they re-heat it before they serve it.
Try the chicken bacon ranch pizza! You will not be disappointed!!!Yes, if you're drunk on Bourbon St I'm sure this is a great option. If you're sober and have a standard for good pizza it's not. Shame on these "NYers who know their pizza." Reviews- Stop i
 Friendly and fast service and easily accessible. I wouldn't say avoid but the expectation for a NY slice is not in order.This place can easily be missed because it's a small pizza place off of Bourbon St. Please do yourself a favor and stop in here!
Small and cozy, this place offers NY style pizza and it's packed with flavor! They do a good job of bringing NY style pizza to NOLA! I ordered a cheese slice and even though I had no toppings, I'm raving about this place!
The location wasn't the cleanest but hey, there was an outlet next to the bar seating area so I was able to conveniently charge my phone after a day of sightseeing. 
Prices were a little high, but it's worth paying more for quality food.Surprisingly great!!! Being born and raised in the NY/NJ area, I KNOW pizza. 
The speciality pizzas here were quiet tasty. The only downfall is the only "spices" they had were red pepper flakes and Parmesan cheese. I'd like to see some salt or garlic salt! Other than that, great pizza!!
I recommend the spinach and mushrooms!Delicious Pizza! Huge slices, and a steal for $4.50-$5.50 a slice! Several delicious varieties as well! In and out quickly...thin, and delicious!Pretty reasonable tasty pizzas. Definitely fills a need at 11pm when hunting for food in an area very limited by decent choices at this time of night.I went to New Orleans 8 months ago, and tasted the BEST pizza of my life! I haven't been able to find any other pizza that taste this good.  It's on Bourbon St., so I went back the next day just to make sure it wasn't because I was drinking the night before. Nope! it was still excellent. This will be my first stop when we come back.If you like doughy, cold, greasy pizza by the slice then this place is for you! Overpriced and disgusting.Yaaaaaaaaas!! Spin-A-Shroom til the day I D-I-E! Life-giving after a day or night (or both) in Nola. I miss this place when I leave.So you know that late night spot you go to when you've had a couple and ain't nobody trying to sit down and eat at a preppy restaurant... Yeah Crescent City is that after hours  that fills your soul up .. The pizza is greatStopped in for a late night bite and assumed it would be better than the usual Bourbon Street trash pizza based off the few Yelp reviews and the long line. Went with a cheeseburger pizza (having pickles, mustard, and ketchup on a pizza intrigued me) and for my second slice I went with some chicken specialty slice they had. They didn't have a crazy huge selection but the had the usual pepperoni and cheese slices available and a few other unique ones. Regular slice was $4 and the specialty ones were$4.50/vegetarian $5/meat. The bottle of water was $3, which I thought was ridiculous. When I questioned the counter girl, her response was,"it's New Orleans." 
The toppings flavor itself was a four and a half stars, but the crust was so soggy, it took it down a lot. 
It is better than any other Bourbon Street pizza I have had, but the crust really stunk. After a few Hurricanes or Hand Grenades I would return, but definitely not craving this place.Crescent City Pizza is an oasis in a desert of seemingly never-ending terrible pizza places on Bourbon Street. Each night, we would look for the LED sign and get on line. The pizza was actually delicious - so much so that we went back during the day to make sure we still thought so at a time when our opinions were not hindered by the Hurricanes we had ingested. Sure enough, the pizza held up. A solid place for lunch, dinner, or ending your night - definitely do not over look Crescent City Pizza.Pizza was OK. Good location, TVs, open air, but not enough seating. NY-style but not real NY pizza. Greasy, but hit the spot while boozin'.Great tasting pizza. I had the cheese burger one. Tastes like a burger. A little salty for me, I can see this being really really tasty if I was wasted. I also tasted the pepperoni it's legit.  Good stuff would eat here a again.Bomb ass pizza! Had them one night while drunk on bourbon a year ago. This time we stopped by during the day right after a ghost tour and it was still great. Got the veggie slice and pepperoni slice, it was so good I debated about getting the buffalo chicken slice but decided not to because I knew I wouldn't finish it (I'm a small meals, eat 5xs a day kinda person).  Also this place looks and feels clean! A nice break from the grungy feel on bourbon we're all used to.Taste!  Whole family enjoyed it! Big cheesy, chicken bacon krunch, spin n'shroom, Green, piggy pepperoni pie!  And beer, of course.The pizza wasn't bad but the women at the counter was rude and hateful.  Her name was Lacey.  She was very rude when we ordered and then proceeded to roll her eyes when I asked for a receipt (to turn in since this is a business trip).  Will never go back because of the staff.Continuing our NOLA pizza tour, I'd like to throw Crescent City Pizza Works in the ring. And y'all, let me tell you, they win.
We started searching for a pizza joint to eat an early lunch, and initially were going somewhere else, but that place, although they advertised being open at 11, didn't have any pizzas made and ready at 11:10. 
THANK YOU, other pizza place, for allowing us to find Crescent City Pizza Works! We walked in, and they actually only had 4 out of the normal 8 pizzas made, but they let us in to eat anyway. The staff was so nice to us, and the pizza? 
Oh. My. Gahhhd. It was amazing. We split 3 huge pieces between two of us - cheese, pepperoni, and a delicious pesto/green tomato creation. 
100% recommend if you're on or near Bourbon and want some of the best pizza ever.This is much better than expected and a welcome surprise that rises above the neighboring quality.Great NY style pizza in the heart of Bourbon.  Don't waste time on the other places.  Would have given it a solid 5star review but for the plain cheese slicw was light on the cheese.  Can't make such a delicious pizza without just enough cheese. Guys behind the counter provided wonderful customer service, and place was immaculately clean! Look forward to coming back.Wonderful service, awesome pizza, good music! If you need some food during a long night of drinking, don't pass this place up.Nothing better while walking the streets drinking, jamming to some street music, and taking the NOLA vibes in than a hot slice of NY style pizza!
This place is cool and delicious! I'm not a pizza snob, but I know good stuff when I see it...this is right up there!This is my all time favorite late night pizza stop in the French Quarter. The slices are large and filing. The pies are baked fresh in front of you. I had a chicken, bacon slice that had kettle chips on it....and though it sounds odd...it was AMAZING!!! The crowd varies as from night wears on and can be crowded with a wait or empty without any waiting. They have regular slices like pepperoni or cheese but step outside the box and try something different. Seating is around the edges and out of the way of the line and customers. The music is loud. Overall one of the best slices I've had and definitely reasonable.Quick service, great staff, yummy pizza! A great way to start or end the night. The pepper pizza were so good.The chicken crunch pizza is amazing, the chips don't get soggy! And it adds a great crunch hints the name. 5$ a slice can't beat itI was just a singular unit in a bachelor party in a sea of hundreds, perhaps thousands, of other bachelor parties streaming through the Bourbon Street primordial soup, amoebas bouncing from one tourist trap to the next. We developed a late night craving for pizza, and an appendage of our party gravitated to a one star, frozen daquiri swirling establishment nearby, and we got pulled in. 
Then I saw it. Like a beacon in the night, a queue lining up, Crescent City Pizza Works with its enormous pizza discs floating like halos in a davinci painting, workers dutifully cooking away. I pulled us out of the tourist trap and in, and what a tremendously great choice. There were eight of us and most got something different, and every one of them was a hit. Large, generous slices, succulent thin crust, ample cheese and toppings. So glad we found it. The price was right, the line moved fast, and the night was saved.
Highly recommended.This may be the best pizza I've ever had... and I'm a hard sell on pizza! Shayne was amazing and super nice! We will be back!!I can only assume the other high reviews are because this establishment caters to people so intoxicated they've lost all feeling in their taste buds. This. Is. An. Affront. To. Pizza. The crust is both soggy and overdone. It is so greasy it literally drips onto the plate, your hand, your lap, your chin. There is no discernible flavor whatsoever beyond salt. The cheese pizza is overwhelmingly salty. So what you will get if you are drunk or silly enough to try pizza on Bourbon Street (as I stupidly was) is a floppy, soggy but still slightly burnt-tasting, greasy, salty cautionary tale of what happens when pizza goes terribly terribly wrong!
My true rating is actually 0 stars.Are you kidding me. Insane pizza . Why wouldn't you give it 5 stars. Best pizza in Louisiana . Period.While on Bourbon Street in NOLA, you realize that daiquiris & pizza is apparently a popular thing! A friend and I stopped and got a classic hurricane from a bar and were hungry so we stopped in this pizza place. 
The slices were BIG, and the types of pizza were intriguing. I got a classic pepperoni, and my friend got cheeseburger which had some fun toppings on it; like pickles, beef, ketchup and mustard (sounds weird but tasted good!). Being from New York and having tried my fair share of good pizza, it was a decent slice for out of town pizza!After dancing the night away, we were walking and I noticed a crowd of people with huge slices of pizza in their hands. I peeked in and told someone it looked delicious, but I kept going. About 20 mins later my stomach decided we wanted a slice, and I had no idea where this place was so my boyfriend allowed me to peek inside of every pizza shop until I found it again!! This was DELICIOUS!! You can't be $4 for a huge slice of pepperoni pizza!! I'm not a beer drinker, but they serve it if you want some to wash it down with. I will most definitely be back again!!Best pizza ever..shout out to Steven working by himself holding the place down good jobThis is my favorite pizza. I went from NYC straight to NOLA and this is still my favorite pizza. It's so good. I love Parmesan, but I actually prefer this pizza without bc there is just something about that magical grease, which the Parmesan kinda soaks up. I always just get plain cheese (don't eat pork) and it is SO GOOD.Do you love pizza? Well my fiend you have found the holy f****** pizza grail!!!!!! Enjoy! This pizza is so f&@$&& good that I have drove from saint Louis mo... yes from SAINT LOUIS MISSOURI 4 times to get this pizza. You think I'm kidding.... hahahah well I'm not !!! I promise you this is well worth the money they have the best pizza I have ever had and I have been into Italy and ate pizza all over the world. This pizza hunts my dreams... I LOVE YOU CHICKEN RANCH PIZZA!!Decided to give this place another chance....what a mistake. Firstly, clean up your counters and eating space. It's nasty. Full of garbage and the last persons mess. Have the necessary condiments available and accessable.
Now, I ordered a slice with pepperoni. I got a severely undercooked raw, nasty piece of mush. I handed it back and got another slice just as bad. A soggy , flavorless unacceptable piece of third rate worse then frozen pizza. 
Oh, it looks good in the showcase  .....cosmetic genetically altered pizza. The crust is absolutely worse then let's say Tombstone frozen pizza.
Look, I admit I'm a pizza snob. I grew up on New York's best.. graduated to coal fired from Frank Pepe in New Haven, to the best Neapolitan pizza in Italy. 
This pizza is perhaps a small cut above other nasty pizza joints in the FQ. It's still mediocre at best, and expensive, and unacceptable.Slices looked so good. We got two sausage and pepper. I think they call them Piggy Pepper. Crust was thin, topping flavorful, but not cooked enough. The bottom of the slices sagged and toppings slid off. Haven't found really good pizza in New Orleans...not their specialty.  Pricey here too. We were here when President Trump appeared at the Georgia -Alabama game. Tons of drunk millenials slobbering over their slices and saying how much they hate Trump  That was a big yawn too.Found this place on Yelp so decided to give it a try after a night of drinking.  This place was a couple of blocks from our hotel on Bourbon St so it was very convenient.  Got here around 11pm and there was not a line, so we were helped right away.  I was hoping for some traditional pizzas, such as an everything pizza or all meat pizza but they had some other options.  I had the spinach and mushroom and my husband had the pepperoni.  Although they heat the slices it still wasn't hot enough for me.  I think it would have been better if the pizza slices were warmer.  The spinach and mushroom pizza was decent but I preferred the pepperoni which was good.  Definitely large sized slices but you should expect that for $5 per slice.I just had a basic slice of cheese as I was passing by but boy was it good!!! Reminded me of my style pizza!We were here and got pizza at 2 am. It was fresh and awesome definitely worth passing up the other spots. Good greasy pepperoni pizza 5.50 slice. Please tip the ladies, they deal with drunk people all day.Great for a quick bite in the French Quarter. Tried the veggie slice and my GF had the pepperoni. Place was slammed, as expected, on a Thursday night but service was really quick considering! The beer sizes are huge and they have a decent selection of drafts. Only negative is that the slices are very floppy, like another Yelper pointed out.. making it difficult to eat. Went back on our last day in Nola to grab a bite as we were in a rush. Staff was friendly! Would def recommend to anyone looking for a good slice when partying on Bourbon.One bite, everybody knows the rules.  This was my second time to get Crescent City Pizza. The slices are really big and have plenty of toppings on them. The wait time for a slice never seems to be more than a minute or two either. You can't go wrong with the pepperoni. On a scale from 1 to 10, I would give the slice a 6.4.
I am giving this a 4 Star because the slices are very floppy. You really need a fork and a knife to eat the slice. I never saw any inside to use. There is also very little room inside to eat the pizza as well as only one or two paper towel rolls available for napkins.THE BEST PIZZA ON BOURBON!!!
My friends and I came here every night before heading back to the hotel. Amazing staff, quick service, pretty comfortable spacing with the rush of crowds, and the slices were always hot. The sauce wasn't bland and with each bite you got a piece of heaven on an inebriated night.Pizza was great! Prices were good!  Service was quick amd the employees were nice.  Great location. Slices were huge!!Pizza was pretty good, bathrooms clean and available, venue was clean, service was good but price too high.
We got some pepperoni slices and were surprised by the $5 price (is this just an unfortunate given in French Quarter?). The pizza was 3.5 star with a low-star price, there aren't many pizza options around Bourbon though so you'll make do if you're craving a slice.Greasy, enormous, fantastic slice of pizza - definitely hit the spot after three days of nonstop Cajun food and pastries. Asked for a side of ranch, which was glooped into a clear beverage cup for my trek back to the hotel - it was some of the best ranch I've ever had (despite the questionable presentation). Very fun vibe - can't imagine a better spot for late night eats off Bourbon street!Pretty good pizza for the tourist district. 
I ordered the sausage and peppers pizza. The slice size was generous. The sausage was nice and salty and flavorful. 
The crust was super thin and a bit chewy just how I like it. However, it was not spectacular in flavor. 
The cheese was fresh and added a nice savoury complement to the other toppings.This pizza is far different from the typical Bourbon Street fare: it's super high quality. It's an oasis in a desert of passable, ordinary. Their menu is diverse, though you'll do just fine sticking with plain cheese, and the service is quick.Great pizza for Nola and reasonable priced. A quick place to grab a bite to eat. Not much sitting.Stopped in for a couple slices when Bourbon St was hopping. 
We ordered a Buffalo Blue, and a slice that had green tomato, mozzarella, and pesto (the name escapes me right now).
Both were very good. The slices were huge (like you have to fold them in half, huge), and satisfied our dinner appetites.
There is limited seating, so we took our slices outside and did some people watching (always a fun pastime on Bourbon St on a Saturday night).
We would definitely revisit if the mood for pizza ever arose again while in New Orleans.The line moves fast! 
I got the chicken & bacon (5/5), and sausage pizza (4/5). It was so good and the bread was crispy. i can't wait to come back here when i am in nola.Walked by this place a few times and thought...a slice of pizza would hit the spot right about now. I wish the future me would have shown up with Doc Brown & the DeLorean and slapped the slice of pie out of my hand. This thing was soggy & greasy, and I don't think it had all of the ingredients that were listed on the board. Anyone who says this is the "best pizza ever" either had too many NO daiquiris or has never had a decent pie in their life. Bourbon St is known for its regrettable moments, this was mine.This location is right in the middle of bourbon street hustle. Great pizza by the slice and fast service. Perfect to have once you are tired and hungry from all the bar hopping. 
Pizza is 3.5 star compared to NYC pizza, but if u are wanting pizza at 4am on bourbon street, this is your place.Best pizza on bourbon, by far! New York style thin. Just stick with a pepperoni slice.. you won't be sorry!Super happy to have found amazing pizza after the drinking bonanza that occurred over the weekend. This place is nuts and bolts pizza; get in, get out. Eat a shit ton and enjoy. Went two nights in a row, it was that delicious. 
The Chicken and Bacon pizza was really damn good, and while they didn't offer a variety on Saturday night (fair, given it was 3AM...), the cheese pizza is always a winner. 
Seriously, it's really cool to find a damn good slice of pizza in the middle of the French Quarter like that. Definitely the go-to drunk food place.Great pizza after a few or a ton of drinks.... get drunk on bourbon street and then order and share a while pizza... so freakin good!!!I actually went here twice while I was visiting. The pizza is amazing! One slice will fill you up. The staff was super friendly and laid back. The guy taking the order was dancing while he did so, it was a fun environment!Good selection of pizza.  Service is fast, but to say this is like NYC pizza isn't correct.  It's a bit too chewy for NY style, but, that being said, the Green pizza is wonderful.  I think if they added garlic to it, and increased the heat of their oven to give the crust a crispiness it would be my absolute favorite in the world.
They also seem to constantly be refreshing the pizza.  If it doesn't sell, they toss out the pie.  Saw them do it to two pizzas while I was there, so it's good you are getting a fresh product.  All around, while I only gave 3 stars, I would come here again for a slice.Closest thing to NYC pizza I've had in a while. $4 a slice for pepperoni, so good to soak up all the booze you've been drinking all day.Very good pizza and cheap prices. All of the pizzas were by the slice and the prices were under $6 with cheese being the cheapest at $4.50. They had a very good variety of pizzas and the slices were huge.The staff was friendly and I like they heated my slice. Nice selection of draft beers adds to the optionsSo good especially when youre drunk . The crust is thin , cheese is fully covered And not too much sauce ! The people that work here are very nice too.  Careful in the restrooms though! Only the women's worked when I went. I walked all over bourbon street and adjacent streets to find this place again so I could enjoy it sober.Fantastic little pizza joint in the heart of Bourbon street. Definitely hit the spot after some drinks. I got the pepperoni slice. Fast, clean, cheap and tasty. Crust has a nice bounce to it without being too thick. Word of warning... it's not a place if you're on a diet as it's quite greasy but oh so good!I also cannot understand the high reviews for this place. Very limited selection and no ability to choose toppings. What is there sits around all day with the open front of the restaurant and flies are around. Crust is very bland. Pepperoni was good but how hard is that?  Only counter seating available. And super high prices. Just not worth it. Went there because of the high rating on Yelp!  But in this particular case--not accurate.Get the pizza with the potato chips on it! THIS IS NOT A JOKE. Came to Nola for the good food, got full on crescent city everyday before I had a chance to try anything elseAll I gotta say is - BOMB ASS PIZZA! 
Definitely good after a night out on bourbon street, delicious the next day when you wake up (just pop it in the oven real quick or eat it cold; do as you please) whenever, wherever. 
My girlfriends and I bought a couple slices while waiting for our uber, but it was SO good we had to come back again the next night to bourbon st specifically JUST for it. 
They had an assortment of pizza flavors and toppings, but we stuck to pepperoni. Didn't fail us. 
I'd come again and again to this place if I ever come to NOLA in the future. A bit pricy but totally worth. Omg I'm drooling just thinking about it..Giant slices of cheesy goodness at a cheap price...definitely worth it! 
I went three times to this spot and took a slice to go on my last day in NOLA. I stuck with the traditional Pepperoni. Slices are thin enough, so being the hungry genius that I am, I rolled mine up like a burrito and scarfed it down like it was my last meal on Earth...It was that good! They had other selections like buffalo chicken, green tomatoes and something, and other combos. The line can be long at times, but it moves quickly considering you're right smack in the middle of Bourbon street. 
I recommend it if you're looking for a quick bite to eat, something to keep you from getting hangry, or if you're like me and absolutely love a ginormous, New York slice of pizza anytime of day, then you'll be visiting this spot more than once. All my friends loved it, even the lactose intolerant one!I was very impressed with the quality of service and product at this establishment. Had the buffalo pizza and BBQ pizza and it was epic! Also have to say, we were helped with the utmost courtesy. Great service and food really makes a place .Pretty legit pizza right on burbbon street! I was hanckering for a slice after I had some drinks down the street. Price per slice is fair for the location. They need a bit more variety but the qiality of pizza is amazing! Pretty popular place by the looks of it too. Long lines and people filled out into the street with their pizza. I was around this pizzeria much in my time in New Orleans. I would recommened a slice! I got the cheese but the combo looks good too! Just thinking of it makes me want some more. Friendly service. Try it for yourself.Perfect slice. Perfect employees. Can't ask for anything better. Thank you for the laughs.This pizza place is one of the best around....like around the country around. So damn good! You can get a traditional slice or some crazy shit like their Chizzaburger or chicken bacon ranch slices which are phenomenal! If you're are on bourbon street come check this place out. Absolutely worth your time and money.The pizza was okay and the wait staff was friendly but the restaurant was a little dirtier than I would have liked. Both bathrooms were out of soap when I stopped in around mid day Sunday which is very off-putting. Not sure I would want to return.I highly recommend this place.  While there are several good options for easy grab and go food on Bourbon St., this one seems to be at a slightly higher quality.  It appears cleanish (late night it's a mess but cleaner than some spots!), friendly service, fun loud crowd late at night.  A mix of veg and meat options.  Occassionally a slice here or there will be short on topping but for the most part they are careful to distribute toppings evenly.  I recommend both chicken options and not so much the pork (good, but weird sweeter deal with fruit on it, and it didn't really have pork that I could see).  Anxious to try the pesto tomatoe and the sausage.Sooooooo good!  I had a slice of the buffalo chicken and a slice of pepperoni!  Both were excellent however, I liked the buffalo chicken best. It had chunky slices of chicken and just a little spicy bite that would sneak up on you.
Limited seating. 
It's located on Bourbon St so it doesn't necessarily have to be that good to stay in business!  But it really is sooooooo good. My example of what I mean by that is you should be cautious of waterfront restaurants because of the view. The food doesn't necessarily have to be that great because they have the best view in the town. I've been caught in the trap of eating crappy food in a tourist trap many times but not the case at Crescent City Pizza Works.  Delicious!This is the best pizza I have ever had in my life... and the most expensive slice is $5.50
I had the cheeseburger , pesto, pepperoni chicken bacon, and that's itThis is by far is an amazing pepperoni slice! Huge, fast, flavorful! Chicken bacon ranch was outstanding and even the bbq pork sounds nasty but is a great intoxicating blend of flavors to wow your tongue!Yummy pizza after you've been walking around all day and having drinks in the Quarter. HUGE slices, bigger than your face- and the crust was so good. Only downside is there is not much seating, so don't plan on coming to visit with a group. There is a bar with about 5 stools to sit and eat. Great if you're by yourself or with one other person. It wasn't busy when we were there, not sure why! It was excellent. We would definitely go back.