Excellent service! Courteous, friendly, skillful. The food was wonderful. Shrimp & Boudin was a great starter accompanied by a spot o French 75. The Deep Fried Softshell  Crab with Crawfish in a Crystal Sauce was perfect!  The Seafood "Coo Be Yon" was superb. The one weak spot was the Oyster Trio. Sorta difficult to identify parts of the toppings. Desserts of White Chocolate Breadpudding, Triple Chocolate Cake & Creme Broulee all served with fresh berries were the perfect finale. Compliments to the entire staff who created a wonderful space for a most enjoyable dinning experience.Enjoyed the heck out of this place. Classy atmosphere, wonderful service, good food, good wine, and reasonably priced for the overall experience. Our servers Nolan and Ryan treated us like valued guests and made us feel at home. I'd go back in a heartbeat. They treated us to a special dessert and a glass of wine on the house for our 20th anniversary. The food is delicious, not too heavy, satisfying.I really wish I were more impressed with Criollo but I feel like for the price the food should have really wowed me,  but it didn't. 
Service was impeccable - I really can't say a bad thing about it. Prompt,  warm, friendly,  and knowledgeable about the menu.  It was everything I would expect.  The space is lovely and warm. 
But the food itself was okay,  nothing bad at all,  but less than 2 days later I'm struggling to even remember what I ate because nothing stuck with me as especially memorable.   The crawfish bisque to start was solid, and the desserts were good,  if overly sweet (and with my sweet tooth it's rare to say that). Entree  (stuffed fish) was bland. 
So while Criollo was fine,  I don't look for "just fine" in New Orleans.  I want a meal I'll be talking about for weeks.Decadent, flaky, light, savory, oh my goodness! The best beignets New Orleans. I'll definitely be back. It's a great place for brunch and our server, Aries, was the consummate professional.Truly excellent restaurant! The Reveillon dinner is a memorable dining experience with 5 courses of delicious food that is exceptional even by French Quarter standards. The service is always wonderful with a charming and attentive waitstaff.food and service is top notch! Excellent food pairing. The price is just about what it should be for a formal/fine dining meal. Formal dinner portions, not going to leave stuffed unless you order a 3 course meal. It's definately where  I'm taking my lady on a celebration night when class and burbon need to happen. If you go on the weekend however the jazz bar around the corner in the hotel lobby/bar area is very loud.This time, I only had dessert- bread pudding.  It was delicious! Light & fluffy custard like version of the dessert. It was garnished with some caramelized fresh peaches, which was perfect for the summer. 
It was also adorned with a dollop of home made whipped cream, fresh strawberries, white chocolate, a drizzling of caramel sauce, and a sprig of mint. 
My palette loved the fact that the bread pudding was sweetened to perfection, and not overly sweet. Oh, & did I mention the fresh peach pieces baked into it?!!!
The waiter was very attentive and polite. The restaurant is beautiful.  
Dessert was $9 & a small pot of tea was $4.This was a bust for breakfast, which is too bad cause I love the hotel. I did today's Benedict special which was served over a risotto cake filled with seafood. The cake was cold and while I had ordered cheese grits I got regular grits. Everything came out way too fast. Nice dining room though. Too bad the kitchen was indifferent to serving good food.I gave this place a mediocre rating because it is boringly average.   I rate this place only for their breakfast.  The eggs were devoid of favor, no spices.  The mushrooms were tasteless, ham non-existent.  The juices canned. The fresh fruit hard and tasteless. Don't they know about coring pineapples?   Coffee a cheap blend.  Mediocre.We weren't sure where to eat brunch, and wandered into this restaurant, which is in the Hotel Monteleone. Wow! That was a lucky accident. Blue Ribbon to the crab cakes! These were seriously delicious, some of the best crab cakes we've ever had. They have just enough breading to hold them together, and the rest is tasty crab. That's perfect. 
We liked the gumbo - let's face it: hard to get bad gumbo in New Orleans. We had the Shrimp Louis salad, which had some of he best shrimp I've ever had! I think I would have enjoyed the salad just for the shrimp, but the nice fresh crunchiness of the cucumber, lettuce was a perfect counterpart. It also included half an avocado, which is, after all, the bacon of the plant kingdom. Everything was great. Highly recommended.Criollo was recommended by Travis, the concierge at the NOPSI Hotel.  We were looking for something fresh and nice for a relaxing lunch.  It was perfect.  The food was artful , fresh, and very yummy!  The drink menu was a lot of fun, and service was amazing.
Can't go wrong if you are looking for something a little upscale and different in the French Quarter.We got here for a late dinner after a long flight out from California, so the comfort food menu hit the spot; however, it was also pretty heavy for a 10pm dinner.  We were lucky to be seated in a private room on the side away from the noise of the Carousel bar (but I heard it's one of the best bars in the area..)
Starting with drinks, the sazerac was done properly and was very strong.  We started with house rolls and olive focaccia, but the highlight was the butters: sea salt, brown sugar, and herb.
Onto food:
- Prosciutto de rosa: pretty much a caprese.  Tomatoes aren't exactly in season, and the mozzarella was just ok
- Crab and corn cake: well seasoned, hearty but not too heavy
- Redfish with tomato jam: the redfish was cooked just right and topped with lots of crab.  The tomato jam over the pasta below was really the highlight - it was swee, not too tart and a nice contrast to the rest of the dish
- Baked gulf shrimp bienville: lots of crab stuffed into large shrimp with a pretty decent risotto
- Mushrooms: probably my favorite sides
- Winter vegetables: cauliflower, romesco, brussels sprouts, green beans; nothing extraordinary
- Spinach: not too oily
Everyone in our party of 7 liked her food.  Our server knew the menu well and was very nice.  It was a good way to kick off our weekend in New Orleans.For dinner I had a salad, grouper & shrimp entree over asparagus which was superb. A bread selection came with three butters. The brown one was the best. The Chardonnay wine pairing was disappointing as recommended by another waiter but service with Chaz was fantastic. Engaged and attentive. Very friendly, too. 
Two days later I had a tomato basil soup with a Cobb salad. The soup was out of this world. Who knew a tomato soup could be that divine? Then dipping the tasty bread in it. Mmmm, good! The Cobb salad had a tropical touch and pleasing to the eye, too. The service was so-so. There were tables with more customers nearby and my waiter tended to forget me & lacked the friendly charm of a New Orleans resident. Though a
restaurant manager noticed and took better care of me. 
I ended both meals with a decaf cappuccino. Made just the way it should be as in Europe.Came here for brunch and had the most amazing brunch in NOLA, the experience was enhanced by Charmaine who took such good care of us and just put the whole experience over the top!  The shrimps and grits were not on the menu but they made it for us anyway and it was exquisite.  We also had the best biscuits and gravy ever which was a perfect balance of fluffy biscuits and gravy that knocked it out of the ballpark.  And for the finale... the benignets, I think the best in town!  Definitely will be back soon.  Thank you Charmaine and Florian for your warm, vibrant and kind service, true southern hospitality!Criollo Coolinary lunch delivered.  The quality and portion size was great.  Ravioli and Snapper were delightful.Hidden gem behind the carousel bar in the Monteleone hotel. Fantastic and entertaining service. Tasty and complex sauces take dishes to a new level. Must get foi gras. We had snapper and trout cooked very well. If you want a quiet evening this is not for you. The carousel bar creates a noisy background. However, is not distracting and can still enjoy a great meal. More people must go to criollo!We had a lovely breakfast of Creole Benedict and coffee. The eggs were poached perfectly.  Our server, Della, was so pleasant and helpful.  It was a great start to the day.Staying at this hotel was a last minute change and after such a long day I decided to eat down stairs. Hostess was super friendly and provided a couple of recommendations off the menu. Decided to sit in the restaurant as the bar area was extremely noisy  and busy. Pimms cup was amazing, just like the original London favorite from back home . Bread was ok but definitely tasted microwaved or reheated. Ordered filet med rare with shrimp, scallop, asparagus and fingerling potatoes. Literally 1 shrimp and 1 scallop. The scallop was terrible, not fully cooked, very strong off smell and tasted as such. Shrimp was good. Steak was cooked perfect as was the asparagus and the sauce accompaniment was very good. Fingerling potatoes tasted as though they had been cooked well done and then reheated as needed, skin was kind of shriveled and flesh split which depicts over cooked or reheated. Ordered gelato for dessert, pistachio and chocolate with almond cookie minus the berry sauce. Gelato was in squares and over frozen as had ice chips forming. Chocolate was good but pistachio was bland. Almond cookies were tasty but nothing to write home about. Overall a very ordinary dinner nothing that wow'd me except for the Pimms which was delicious. Very disappointing. On a good note they only charged me for a filet and dessert was on the house due to the scallops epic fail. I appreciated the concern over the bad scallop! I will give them another shot.We could get a table for eight with no wait.  That tells you a lot.  The server was friendly and attentive but the food was good but nothing exciting.  A restaurant inside a hotel is usually overpriced because people can be tired and just want a meal without having to leave the hotel. They did have a special selection of Wines on Wednesday that were $20 a bottle.  That was nice.
On a plus note the dessert selection was very nice and the flourless chocolate cake was delicious.Dining room of the Hotel Monteleone.  First - serving staff. Efficient, professional and genuinely friendly. They know your name. Waiters and managers really want to know if the food is good. They take time to discuss the food with you. Nicest staff I've ever met. Food - I ate two breakfasts and two lunches here. All food was good. Gumbo is done the way it ought to be. Fish is moist, flaky and very fresh. One of the two best dining experiences I've had in New Orleans.OK we are here for breakfast and staying in the hotel. We had the Monteleone breakfast with 2eggs, meat & potatoes. Potatoes are like McDonald's hash browns, and just disappointed in general, from the hostess greeting to the waitress greeting, which we didn't get either. Horrible service all around. Not worth yer $$ for breakfast. Waitress was AWFUL and very unfriendly! They bring the toast out first which I don't get either. No one said hello or good morning in the entire place. Biscuit was bad. McDonald's Biscuit is better and so are Pillsbury! Bad all around. Skip this place!Please allow your soul and palate the exquisite experience. The unique and diverse perspective Jeffrey and Fernando offer together make them an invaluable team. Muah, Victoria & BrandonThe captive restaurant of the Hotel Monteleone, it is a definite exception to the rule that hotel restaurants are underwhelming profit centers. Fantastic food my wife and I both enjoyed, and a wonderful wine menu, to boot. Excellent ambiance and service.To lunch here is to feel pampered and welcome.  The service is absolutely outstanding.  First, the bread.  The herbed "scones" were flaky and buttery and a surprisingly nice contrast (recommended by my waiter) to the cane sugar version of the three special butters, although plane and savored slowly they were pretty amazing too.  The rolls too were very good and clearly freshly baked.  The seafood gumbo was delicious-- especially with the unusual detail of fried okra "croutons" on top.  The shrimp louie was a generous salad (with the classic iceberg) and the house take on louie dressing was excellent.  No dessert, but I did have coffee having heard a woman exclaim over it as she walked out as I was walking in.  I'll be back for sureWow! What a gem. This restaurant should be at the top of your list. We had an extraordinary dinner. Each dish was presented creatively, the preparation was imaginative and delicious--with everything tasting very fresh. We thought this was the best restaurant we ate at in NOLA--much better that some old ones that seem to be living off a reputation earned decades ago.I've been here many times.  Their omelettes are well executed.  They have the best biscuits, and they aren't crazy huge so I can actually eat the whole thing.  Mimosas are evenly priced, which I appreciate.  I usually have decent service.  Once in while things get forgotten or lag a bit, but the servers are always nice and friendly.  I love that it isn't insanely crowded.The service was good, we had James as our server.  He did great with recommendations.  We got a full experience; drinks, appetizers, salads and entrees.  Everything was so-so, not anything to write home about but alright.  The food was a bit salty for me, I got the Trout and my husband got the filet.I was super exited about coming here since I heard such a great review about this place. The service was excellent and the plating was a work of art. I didn't really like the dish I ordered. I ordered the red fish and for some reason the tomato sauce that came with it was sweet. It was an odd experience eating fish with sweet sauce and definitely not in my plate. Also the bar next door was super loud. Might be a good idea to come here for lunch instead of dinner.I've eaten at all the great restaurants in New Orleans, and Criollo is right up there with the best of them. Often people assume that a restaurant in a hotel will be average, and may pass this one by. Don't. The chef doesn't cheat by covering everything in butter and salt - the flavors of the fresh ingredients come through. We had great service, as well.Foie Gras is fabulous.  Our waiter, James, was knowledgable, pleasant and attentive.  He added a fun  dimension to our experience.  I would want James to be our waiter during my next visit.Delightful dinner... Good food and service and struck up a conversation with the next table that made the whole experience memorable.Avocado crabmeat salad to die for, entire dining experience wonderful!My husband and I had a leisurely glass of wine in the  lobby of Hotel Monteleone where we could hear the fun sounds of the Carousel Bar but we weren't in the middle of the bar scene. We decided to have appetizers at Criolla's and were very pleasantly surprised at the excellent service and the great food.  We enjoyed a  first course of the refreshing avocado and grilled shrimp appetizer and then each had a soup- crayfish bisque and the onion soup- they were both great! We shared the greens salad. It was a perfect light meal.A great meal and a very nice space next to the Carousel bar. Lot of good choices.
After drinks we sort of delved into the entrees and settled on what have you. I had a filet with fingerling potatoes, some greens, and topped with FOIS GRAS! My very first time. It was a total treat for me since the sauce (a wine madeira blend) was the perfect balance of acidity and heft -via reduction- to accompany the otherwise very rich Fois. 
The server was totally stoned I believe but he did do his job very well so why not. 
Note: the fois is NOT offered a la carte. It must be added to the meal. Previous iterations of the menu did not have this distinction, but if you would like fois this is your avenue of choice.Best breakfast I've ever had in my life.
Everything they do or serve here is five stars. Nothing but the best, it is perfection on a plate. I had the best grits I've ever tasted here. I imagine nothing on their menu is bad and I would come back in a heartbeat.
Our server, Lucille, made us feel like we were the only people there (we were not). She made sure to call us by name and it was such a pleasure to dine there. 
This beautiful restaurant is the real deal. There are a lot of restaurants in NOLA catering to tourists who don't know any better, but Criolo is the place you will write home about. 
I'd give it 10 stars if I could.Kinda wish I hadn't had a couple of drinkey-poo's before dinner. But then- its kinda this place's fault for discovering the sidecar- and how easy they go down. Food ( this is fuzzy but I remember most of it, really!)
BBQ shimp app- I am on the fence with shrimp in general because I have had so many crappy , like one-day-too old shrimp stuff from places cutting corners.Shrimp was fresh and lively, for lack of a better word. I had the beef rossini with foie. Here is the thing- I will kinda order anything with foie, kinda a foie 'ho these days. You can shmear this stuff  on a saltine and I would give it 5 stars. Beef- I like it rare- it was perfect and foie..., well you either eat it or have an aversion ( for ethical animal reasons usually... I got past that I have to say on my first bite a few months ago)- thank you aversion peeps because its more for me :) 
Came with fingerling potatoes swamped in meat juices- meat and potatoes always my go to so I was happy. BF got the flounder- although it was fresh and tasty, it was not memorable - but I blame the sidecar for this.Had breakfast there and I am rating it a 5 because the server was so accommodating and friendly. The Vanilla Bean waffles were delicious and the Beignets were extremely tasty. Thank you Kathy!Since we had traveled all day, we chose to stay in the hotel for dinner our first night in NOLA.
ATMOSPHERE - Quiet and elegant, didn't really hear much noise from the adjacent bar.  We were seated at a nice table with a view of Iberville for crowd watching. 
MENU - was somewhat limited - or at least with items to our taste.  I had a fish and shrimp entree that was very good, with a generous portion of fish.
My husband feels he didn't order as well, with a pasta seafood dish that he said was lacking in flavor.
Complimentary taster from Chef nice touch
Great wine list & glasses always full
Waiters attentive and professional 
PRICING - not inexpensive, $200 incl tip for 2 people - but that also included a 2nd bottle of wine we took up to our room.
After dining the 2nd night at Mr. B's Bistro, we wished we had realized that it was directly across the street from our hotel.  Our evening there was 5 star.The food was good but dooooo not get the red stuffed fish w the tomato jam... Terrible. They tried to seat is by the kitchen which I hate so I asked to be moved but he said it's been reserved. But then he sat us there because my friend told him I had just gotten engaged and they brought us a congratulations which was sweet. The shrimp dish wS good.I am giving this one star because our server, John, was amazing. Otherwise, the entire experience was dismal. I made a reservation for 8:15 pm on Open Table. At 8 pm I got a voicemail from the hostess who tells me she cannot seat us until 9 pm. I call back, disappointed, and agreed to take the 9 pm reservation (we really had no choice). During the call the hostess was short and unapologetic. We arrived at 8:45 pm to advise we'd be waiting at the bar. The hostess, Eugenia, tells me our reservation was for 9:15 and when I disagreed, she argued LOUDLY with me in front of other guests waiting to be seated. It was so combattive that another host, whose name I did not get, intervened and seated us. As we walked away, Eugenia told another couple waiting to be seated "These people think they can just show up and be seated whenever they want."  I opted to walk away and not engage her, but I was shocked. I am a New Orleans native but I was with two ladies who have never been to New Orleans. I was emabrassed for the city, and for the Monteleon Hotel in general. I can honestly say I have never experienced that type of treatment.
If you can get past the terrible hostess Eugenia, the food is fine. Not bad, but nothing to write home about. I won't be going back.Wow this place is a stunner. Amazing service, and beautiful, delicious FRESH food. We were running to a show and had been wanting to try Criollo. We called ahead by 2 minutes - asked if we could get in and they said yes - come on over. They held a great window-front table for us - and as soon as we sat down we had waiters, a wine steward and even black napkins for our black pants and skirt. Bravo. These folks know how to run a restaurant. We had a wonderful dinner with time to spare to grab a cocktail and get to our show. Beet salad, seafood gumbo, red sapper and pork tenderloin - all perfectly done, with ideal accompaniments. Oh and the bread basket with homemade butters (sugar cane, salt and herbed) - awesome. The best part -  fine cuisine that tastes like the fresh ingredients used to create each dish  - not like heavy sauces or salt. Talented chefs making creative use of local food. Don't miss it. We'll go back again and again.Fernando took great care of us during lunch. We enjoyed the fantastic value of the COOLinary menu, especially the Key Lime Raspberry Tart. It's a beautiful restaurant with great service!The insanity of Jazz Fest meant very few dinner options in the French Quarter (at least the good places), so I was a bit skeptical when they were able to accommodate us without a reservation during peak dinner time.  Skepticism was unfounded.
Service was solid (va-va-va voom on the Aussie), friendly and well-timed.  Fois was very awesome (sorry, I know it's a sin), duck was well prepared but the sauce too sweet for my tastes. Wine selections by the bottle were extensive.
It was exceptionally loud in the restaurant, with a large bar and live music area adjacent to the dining room.  So, if you want a lively, bustling atmosphere, you're golden.  If you want to actually hear what your dining companions are saying, it's a bust.I got in late to New Orleans and decided to eat at the hotel. The food was excellent and the service was even better. Atmosphere was amazing. I highly recommend the gumbo. The shrimp with crab over Rosetta was by far the best in the city. The waiter shared some information about must see places to see during my stay. Great experience to start off my visit with.My hubby and I had dinner tonight. Because we are staying at the Hotel Monteleone, we received a free bottle of wine with dinner. It's a nice wine. 
The homemade bread basket is delicious. Our entrees (see pics) were delicious! The wait staff is extremely professional and friendly.  
If you are wanting a "fancy" and fine dining experience, have dinner here.Novio and I are celebrating so what better place to do so than in fancy shmancy criollo nola. The restaurant has history and class so we went very fancily dressed, I wore HEEELS! I never wear heels unless its a graduation, wedding, or funeral. The place was spectacular, not to mention the service was excellent! 
     Go on Wednesday wine night where ANY bottle of wine is just $20, it was just two of us so you can imagine how extraordinarily happy we are at this precise moment. Additionally, the waiters were so attentive that we didn't get more than three sips of water and they water and they were already refilling our glass. 
     The food was absolutely coma inducing. I ordered jumbo shrimp stuffed with blue crab with risotto  and novio ordered red fish fillet on pasta with jumbo shrimp (mine was better). I don't know what dessert was brought to us ( it included pistachio and chocolate ice cream, berries on the side, mint and delicious sweet crackers) because our waiters were aware that we had just graduated and brought it to us with "congratulations" written in chocolate . 
     All in all it was a memorable experience, afterwards head over to the carousel bar, its a historic piece of architecture. There is parking near by for $11 about 3 blocks away!!!I had a wonderful time.
Nice atmosphere, great food, good service. Waters were filled very frequently, server was very cordial (I had Colin), and I like the openness of the line.
What impressed me the most was demitasse flight. The yellow soup in the middle of the flight is pure gold, I would bathe in that soup everyday if I could. If I'm not mistaken that's the turtle soup that gets offered with sherry? I declined sherry, and I don't regret it one bit, although I wish I got more croutons. I'm only in NOLA for a few more days but I'm making it a point to go back for a full bowl of that soup and ask a million questions about it. If I ever come back to visit NOLA I am hereby vowing to always come to Criollo for that soup. Don't you dare take it off the menu, management/chef. I'm watching you.
My date got a seafood pasta and he loved it.
I got a filet because there is no longer a ribeye option, although there is one listed online I believe. It was good, asked for MR, slightly over cooked, but I heard a nearby table claiming theirs was undercooked, maybe a little switch up? I don't care though, the guy who complained (loudly, I might add) was a total dick from the minute he sat down, I tipped extra to make a point not to take him too seriously. Colin was very tactful about the whole thing from what I could gather, good on you man, major props.
Me and my date weren't exactly dressed our best and kind of in a rush, but we were well accommodated and we greatly appreciate the efforts made by all the staff members, thank you.I had been to Criollo about 1 1/2 years ago and thoroughly enjoyed it. I've been meaning to go back ever since and finally did tonight with a friend for the $35 Coolinary Dinner--I'm happy we did.
Without planning it, our selections in all three courses didn't match so we covered the entire range of options. Trust me, there are no misses here.
I had the Chilled crawfish lasagna with charred corn & Heirloom Spinach Sauces. It looked small but was a perfectly sized portion full of fresh crawfish and a tasty sauce.
I followed with the Cabernet Braised Short Rib with Smoked Bacon & Eggplant Risotto, Red Wine Reduction. Simply delicious, I don't think I left a single grain of rice on the plate.
Finished with the Praline Charlotte w/Candied Pecans, White Chocolate & Caramel Sauces. Excellent, visually, flavorfully--perfect end to the meal.
My friend had the Chilled White & Green Asparagus (tho there seemed to be only green tonight); Crab Crusted Redfish w/wild rice and, I think, spinach; Louisiana Strawberries Romanoff. All wonderful, I could've been happy with any of them.
Service was friendly and attentive. Noise level was nice'n'low. The breads, esp. the olive loaf, and the 3 types of butter that comes with them are divine. And I especially appreciated the scallop/asparagus/radish amuse-bouche.
You only have 5 more days to take advantage of the Coolinary specials, but, as far as I'm concerned, no matter when you go to Criollo, you'll have a great meal.Wow. I was not expecting this!  Normally the hotel restaurant is a convenient place to grab and go. 
Not this place. Wow. Two man (really attentive ladies) table service for breakfast. Are you kidding me? I can't get over the wonderful polite nature of folks in New Orleans. I think everyone should send folks here to learn manners and etiquette. 
So what am I raving about?  I had the most scrumptious treat ever. My breakfast was supposed to be a bite until brunch...
The dish was described as "Biscuits and Gravy". I say Nay Nay. The square lite and fluffy pasties "so called biscuits" were delightful puffs of yummmm.  No other words describe my delight. 
The "gravy" was the most delicious soup of finely granulated sausage and cream with a blonde tint. Alone a bowl of this stuff would be a perfect course. The finish included green onion sprinkled.
WOW.I had a great experience here in my group of 4 after enjoying drinks at the Carousel Bar & Lounge located in the same building. Our server was professional and quick. We wanted to do something where we each pay around $75 and get whatever our server recommended. This was executed well and we were all satisfied with our meal. I wish I could elaborate on what we had. At any rate, this is a nice place in the French quarter to get a elegant sit-down dinner. If you're there at the right time, there'll be a band playing.The food was above average, but I can't say it was the best I've had in New Orleans or even over the past 4 days while I was there.  It was solid, creative, fresh and tasty. However, the service left a little to be desired.  Many times we were left waiting for long periods without even seeing our waiter.  My dining companion had to ask for coffee 3 times, then we were charged for an extra one.
My only complaint about the food was that the turtle soup was below par for New Orleans.  The butternut squash soup was unbelievable, though, so that made up for my disappointment.  
Overall, it was a good experience and we'll more than likely be back.Ricardo and Donald, our wait staff, were excellent! They were so attentive and helpful, and just happy people that were a joy to be around. You can tell when someone loves their job by their attitude during their working hours. And this speaks volumes about the restaurant. Snuggled in a small corner in the hotel Monteleone, the restaurant is very elegant yet quaint. Usually I expect food that is barely satisfactory when going to a hotel restaurant... but wow was I surprised! I had pompano which was awesome ( and rare to come by  on a menu) and my wife had the crab cake stuffed shrimp. Both dishes were awesome, hats off to the kitchen staff! Then Ricardo, our waiter, suggested a chocolate creme brûlée based on the wine we were drinking. It paired perfectly and was a great way to end our evening.Criollo Restaurant & Lounge is located inside the Hotel Moteleone. If you didn't know any better, that may make the restaurant difficult to find, so to help you out if you intend to dine there, once you enter the hotel, go to the right and you will see it.
I was very captivated by the ambiance of the restaurant. A lot of dark browns and woods were used in decorating this restaurant but that is offset by white walls and huge windows lining the restaurant. Despite the dark colors, it was still bright and since I do not like a poorly lit restaurant that was a huge plus for me.
But, what I really liked about my experience at Criollo, is our waiter. He was funny yet professional and as attentive as they come. I was able to get that Southern hospitality which doesn't always seem to exist in New Orleans. 
At Criollo, like most other restaurants, they start you off with bread but what makes theirs different, is that they serve it with three kinds of butter. Butter can't sell the bread though, so thankful the bread was actually good and fresh. The Foccacia Bread was like the really good homemade kind with actual olives in it.
My boyfriend ordered the special for the day, Chicken and Waffles. He was at first disappointed that it was Chicken breast not chicken parts but the well-seasoned, tender pieces chicken made his not think twice about that one. The Waffles were fresh but on the crunchier side. What really sold the dish was the two accompanying sauces. Instead of regular maple syrup it was their own sweet sauce along with the option of a spicier one.
I, on the other hand, ordered off the COOLinary menu and for my first course, had the Soft Shell Crab Belle Meuniere. The soft shell crab was lightly breaded and fried. Along with the brown butter sauce, onions, tomatoes and wild mushroom, it created a delectable light lunch. It was subtle but flavorful and had just the right amount of sauce that the dish didn't become soupy and the Soft Shell Crab never got soggy.
For my second course, I indulged in the White Chocolate Creme Brûlée. I was amazed by this creme brulee. It wasn't too sweet and you could distinguish the white chocolate flavor without it overpowering the dessert as a whole. The fresh fruit and the pastry shell were a great touch to an already outstanding dessert that I honestly would go there solely for. 
If you cannot tell by now, I LOVED dining at Criollo. Obviously I will be back for many more times to come, but now that I have experienced New Orleans dining at Criollo Restaurant, cocktails at Carousel Bar (located just next door) are definitely in order on my next visit.The menu did not have much to offer. The salad was good, but the entree I ordered was extremely bland and the shrimp had not been de veined. The worst thing of all was the service. We ha two waiters but both never seemed present and were forgetful of our table even though we were right by the kitchen.Byron and Ryan gave excellent service. All the food was AMAZING! Desserts, bread pudding yum!! We will be back :)Had lunch at Criollo yesterday. Food was excellent as was the service. James our server was very attentive and ubiquitous. We let him know that we had time to kill and he made sure we were able to enjoy a quiet and delicious meal. I would definitely go back.Best grits ever!  I had been trying grits all over the South on our trip and this was truly the best.  I also ordered a banana brulee french toast.  Unbelievable!  Coffee was rich and aromatic and fresh. This was the most memorable meal of my trip to New Orleans and I have been there twice.  The service was A+.  The food was A+. The atmosphere was A+.  Wish I could have stayed at the Hotel Monteleone if the experience was carried over to the hotel.  If you are in New Orleans for the Super Bowl you must dine here!I cannot believe that I had let this place fly under the radar for so long. It's amazing! The atmosphere is fabulous - A+ to the interior designer. It's full of greys, browns, neutrals, and it feels like a study inside a modern-day Manderlay. I imagine Will and Kate's house has the same decor. Ask if you can be seated in one of the rooms to the side - much more intimate, private. 
Anyways, the service was great. They do a two-server style system, and they're great. There was one blip where the runner brought us the wrong apps, but that was solved in a few seconds.
I need to devote a whole star to the BREAD. They serve a french roll and an olive foccacia, both of which are usually made in house. OH MY GOD, it was the best bread I've ever had. I might have to come just to eat some more bread. The olive focaccia had the best balance of flavors. They recently lost their pastry chef and they're using what they have left, so I hope it doesn't change with the new pastry chef because holy smokes, it was amazing. They also have a cane syrup butter (so good), an herb butter, and regular whipped butter. I'm already sold.
All three soups were good, and I had the trio of oysters. The crab on the crab one didn't taste fabulous, so I'm glad I decided against the shrimp/avocado/crab ceviche. But the oysters were giant and fabulous.
The entrees are pricey - $30+. BUT SO WORTH IT! The pork chop may have been the best pork chop I ever had. The grouper and shrimp was amazing! Add the shrimp for extra - it's butter poached, so you know, it's heavenly. The side of saffron risotto was amazing as well.
The deserts are GIANT - We split one between three people and it was more than enough. 
Overall, a great, great meal.Visited Criollo for our last dinner in town, and it definitely left a lasting impression! We started with cocktails from the famous Carousel Bar just in the next room and our servers brought over warm bread served with 3 different whipped butters -- try them all, because they're delightful! I ordered their Black Angus Filet with Shrimp and Seared Scallop for dinner and was not disappointed. The beef cut was served at perfect temperature, and the seafood tasted fresh, perfectly complementing the steak's flavor. Service is impeccable -- Joseph and Roy, our servers, were attentive, friendly, and clearly took pride in their work. Thoroughly enjoyed the experience!Savory and memorable dishes expertly cooked by a mindful chef. This place makes for an expensive dinner if you're looking to impress a date. Completely worth every penny. Everything we ate was delicious and I was happy with the proportionate portions. Service was top notch and I would recommend getting a reservation beforehand. As far as the food, all I can say is that the careful menu of Cajun/creole food with original preparation and delivery helped to perfect a great dinner date. I've lived in New Orleans all my life and this place still executed a delicious native meal. Also, the interesting Carousel bar in-house the Monteleone is a must-visit!Fantastic food, superb service. A real jewel.
With so many choices in the French Quarter, this was a great choice for lunch.Fine New Orleans dining.  I had redfish with peppers and pasta with a Fleur de Lys cocktail served from adjoining Carousel Bar.  Started with Crab, shrimp and avocado tower, which was incredible. Terrific service, great experience all around.Sadly underwhelmed.
Avocado shrimp appetizer was not creative and very bland.  Guacamole atop crab with mayo.  A single shrimp simply grilled.
Salad with mango and papaya.  Deconstructed salad with 3 pieces of lettuce on the plate.  A round thick banana chip that was so hard I wondered if it were meant to be eaten.
Bass plate had 2 large pieces of fish topped with fennel slaw.  I wish there were more orange.  It only had 2 small segments.  Good portion, but again, bland.Was looking for seafood and something decidedly southern and I got both with my dish. Hit the spot and was delicious to boot! Highly recommend!This restaurant is located in the French Quarter inside the Monteleone Hotel . It deserves 5 star but I gave it 4 only because of a pet peeve of mine. High end restaurants should never give you the bill until you ask for it. Exceptions maybe if you are spending an extra long time chatting and not buying more drinks or food. In my case, the bill was presented within a minute of getting dessert and after dinner drink. Bad form Criollo! Food was great, reserved by Open Table and seated immediately. No other complaints. Go early and have a drink at the rotating Carousel Bar. It is funI went here to celebrate my birthday and we received excellent service. The food was so good and our waiter was the epitome of perfection. Now I'm recommending this restaurant to all my friends who visit NOLA.I had dinner at Criollo.
The first thing a person would notice is the professionalism exhibited by the host and the wait staff. The food was very good! My meal began with broiled oysters and seafood gumbo, both were excellent! The main course was a seafood stuffed Red Fish which was just shy of incredible!
My server Dwayne was very personable and friendly! He is one of the best waiters I have EVER had!!! Thank you Dwayne!Would have been good except for a terrible waiter.  We went here on New Year's Eve, and it wasn't too crowded at all.  Our server, Joseph, was loud and basically spoke in a yelling-volume voice to us all night.  He didn't bother to mention any specials until we had been sitting and looking at the menu for 15 minutes, and even then he just leaned in on one foot towards us to throw them out.  He actually yelled at us from three (empty) tables down to see how we were doing and what else we wanted to order.  I'm not going to yell my order back at you, idiot.  This is a dress-up, classy place.  He didn't bother to update us on the wait for our dessert, which was due to the fact that the brandy listed wasn't available--any good waiter would know what you have in stock or not, especially with a small list of drinks.  We typically like to ask the wait staff what their recommendations are for all menu choices, but I would never even bother with this guy.  He clearly was too busy to bother with us, which is too bad because we're great tippers having been on the other side of the table in earlier years.
Food was good but nothing I haven't had before, just more expensive than most restaurants in New Orleans.  Wish we would have just saved our money and the terrible service and gone elsewhere.My husband and I were staying at the Hotel Monteleone for 3 nights over Christmas. We had lunch on Christmas Eve and Breakfast on Christmas morning. For lunch my husband had the Osso Bucco and I had the Margarita Flatbread - both were delicious. And a Bread Pudding for dessert - Yum!!! Breakfast the next morning was also delicious, with wonderful service on Christmas Day!Came for brunch and had an andouille, goat cheese and bell pepper omelette.  The omelette and breakfast potatoes were good, and the biscuits were great (although not the best I've had).  For the price, however, I was expecting EXCELLENT food, not just good food.  
The place is wonderfully decorated with a great atmosphere, but the food makes it worth just three stars.  I did visit the Carousel Bar, which I do recommend - once again, the drinks are a little lackluster, but the atmosphere (rotating bar, jazz band, very classic) is worth it!  Skip the brunch in favor of a beignet, but definitely visit later for a drink.My first piece of advice. SKIP THE APPETIZERS-go straight to the entrees. 
This week, we rode the street car downtown to have a nice dinner at Criollo. We ordered the crawfish vol au vent and the shrimp, blue crab and avocado stack (recommended by our waiter) for appetizers. Both were eh... The shrimp stack had one shrimp on top of guacamole with crab meat mixed in. To me, it was a strange (cold) mix. The crawfish vol au vent tasted "sweeter" than we were expecting, and we both decided that we would have forgone both appetizers if we went again. 
Now to the entrees. My husband got the dry-aged black angus bone-in ribeye with horseradish-chive cream. I got the black angus filet with the horseradish-chive cream. I was blown away. We both agreed that these were some of the best steaks we had ever had- the sauce was even better. I took the horseradish-chive cream home to-go because it was so incredible. We also got the lump crab imperial, which was also delicious. 
For dessert we got the bread pudding, which my husband deemed "the best he had ever had." I'm not even a big bread pudding fan and it was incredible. The creme brûlée fruit tart was sweet and fruity and the perfect mix a both. 
As you probably know, this restaurant is pretty pricey but definitely worth it for a nice dinner out. If we went again we would go with different appetizers, but other than that we had an incredibly enjoyable experience. Our service was also impeccable.Amazing experience over all, outstanding food and warm atmosphere made us want to come back. For sure will come again!!! And desert was to die for..... Napoleon and creme brûlée OMG....Sazerac cocktail!
Great food with creative presentation.
Good vibe atmosphere.I had some hesitation about dining here after reading some online reviews, still, my wife and I decided to give it a try... it's located in a wonderful hotel with a famous bar! Unfortunately, I have very little good to share about our dining experience at Criollo at Hotel Monteleone. The good: it is a convenient location (we were staying at a hotel 2 blocks way) we walked to dinner so there was no parking hassle. The restaurant area was clean and nicely appointed. Our wait staff was friendly, some overly so, they seemed to want to join us for dinner so they could talk to us! The 4 glasses of wine we ordered were all good. That's it for the good. The bad: Criollo part of the hotel's bar (there's no wall between the two, so the sound level is more than energetic). There was a band playing (it was a Friday evening), and while there were only 3 tables occupied in the restaurant for dinner, it was so loud we had trouble hearing each other talk without speaking loudly (I find this obnoxious for what is touted to be high-end dining). Without going into too much detail, the worst thing was the food... it was poor at best. The menu noted that Criollo is the Spanish word for Creole and our food was basically flavorless and mostly bland. We started with the shrimp, blue crab & avocado stack followed by seasonal salads and then baked Gulf shrimp Bienville and fish of the day... the shrimp was so overcooked it was difficult to chew and the stuffing had a complete lack of seasoning; the fish also was overdooked and dry. Our tab with tip was more than $200. When I pay this much for a meal, I expect it to be memorable for good reasons... not bad... and there was definitely more bad here than good.I'm giving this 3 stars because the service and atmosphere were great...the food however was nothing special.  I wanted to like it more but it's sooo bland, just nothing special.  My husband had the stuffed shrimp and I had the trout, we spent over $100 on dinner for the two of us and left so disappointed.  Sorry, but for NOLA you guys need to step up your game.Restaurant off the first floor lobby of the Monteleone. The layout is open concept and feels like a restaurant in a hotel lobby. The music from the lounge spills over into the restaurant portion, and while I enjoy live music and the band that was playing, it was unreasonably loud for those of us trying to have a quiet conversation over dinner.
The food was tasty, but not outstanding for New Orleans. I enjoyed my turtle soup starter, which was finished with a perfect fragrant sherry. The Perdido Pass snapper was delicate and flavorful, accompanied by lump crabmeat and a delicate citrus fennel slaw, but the two large pieces of fish were almost too much meat. The roasted sweet pepper sauce was very tasty, and I would've enjoyed more of it.
Service was attentive, but it took over an hour for our entrees to come out. I did appreciate that our hostess noted that the table we were offered was not in an ideal location and offered us the option to wait a few minutes for a better one.
 The food was tasty, but the overall ambiance was not ideal. With so many other exceptional restaurants in the area, I'm not sure I'd make a point of returning to this one, even if staying at the Monteleone.The dinner was perfect. We started with the delicious crab stack, which I highly recommend. I had the fish of the day and it was not disappointing. The service with Chas and Fernando wsas excellent.Came in with the boyfriend for Saturday lunch and we ordered off the Coolinary menu and got the gumbo, soft shell crab meuniere, ossobuco, and the white chocolate creme brulee which was all served with complimentary breads and butter.  They had one of the best sounding menus of the Coolinary options and it turned out to be an excellent choice too. 
I could not stop eating the bread here, especially the olive bread, which is a foccacia bread studded with briny green and kalamata olives.  The breads are served with flavored butters; a simple sea salt, herb butter, and one with local sugar cane.  Getting bread before/ with a meal should be an obligatory gesture at restaurants and this place put some serious and delicious emphasis on their bread presentation and taste.    
The seafood gumbo, although it did have a nice thickness and flavor, could have been a little warmer, and that's my only complaint with the meal.  Our favorite by far was the ossobuco, a pork shank that literally fell off the bone was glazed in pomegranate and this worked so well with the meat and was in no way overpowering or too sweet.  It came with some delicately sauteed summer squash and white truffle macaroni as well.  The soft shell crab meuniere was pretty huge and topped with wild mushrooms and some roasted tomatoes.  By the time our creme brulee came we were already full, but it was almost as amazing as the ossobuco and came inside of a shortbread tart shell with fresh berries.  All of the waitstaff were pretty attentive and our wine was late coming out so they were nice enough to comp it for us.  A lot of the menu items on the prix fixe option came straight from the original lunch menu, and paired alone they didn't seem that pricey.  Definitely a great place for a nice lunch, without being too exorbitant.Disappointing. Criollo's setting is appealing, but service was amateurish and our breakfast was mediocre.I went here for breakfast and ordered the Monteleone Breakfast w scrambled eggs.  For the 15 dollar price tag I expected real eggs. The eggs tasted like powdered eggs covered in butter. I don't think the ingredients are real. The service and biscuit was good at least.