Showed up earlyish on a Wednesday, the Almond Croissant was outstanding...indulged in some of those cute little pastries they were delightful.My new favorite breakfast/pastry spot in New Orleans!  I love everything about this place...the nice quiet location, the old charming tile interior, and of course... croissants!  I got hooked on the chocolate croissants, but my partner loved the apple croissant as well.  The cafe au lait is stellar...a great way to start the day!  The baguettes looked so awesome that we bought a sandwich to go; the sandwich was a little light on meat but the cheese & bread were good.  Others were recommending the quiches, but I couldn't get past the croissants.Plenty of table space so you don't feel rushed...every morning there feels liked a laid-back Sunday.  Closed on Tuesdays.I was really disappointed by the counter help and my tea and my bechamel turkey croissant. 
Yes, Sunday a.m. is busy. Yes, it is a relatively small and old (in a good way) setup.  However, geez, louis, the counter help needs to get it straight. Some pointers: How about ask up front, just like everywhere else, "Is this for here or to go?" There is no shame in asking that question first. How about one person on beverages, one person on orders, and one person at the cash register (like at La Madeleine).  OR the cashier gets everything as per the guest's order. The counter people were stumbling around asking each other, "Did you get those?" They were asking the customers, "Did you pay for that?" 
 Write a little sign that there are extra charges associated with credit cards if your order is over x dollars. (By the way, Envie, down the street, does not add an extra charge to credit/debit transactions, so I am likely to go to Envie for smoother service and easier credit card transactions in the future. Same goes for CC's.) 
Now on to my food and drink. Someone else noted the same thing: microwaved croissant with bechamel is not such a good ideal.  Microwaving made my potentially very nice flaky croissant a burning hot gooey mess. My hot mint tea was strangely lukewarm mint tea.  I wish I could love the Croissant d'Or. 
The desserts were so pretty. I will try again.Si sa che noi italiani abbiamo qualche difficoltà a fare una colazione decente all'estero, ma questo locale è una buona alternativa a Starbucks qui a NOLA.
La pasticceria è un pó troppo generosa col burro ma comunque passabile, il cappuccino non è male. 
Considerando che non siamo in Italia il punteggio di 4/5 mi pare appropriato.Not as good as it once was...I would like to write a more positive review of one of my favorite stops in the French Quarter; unfortunately, I cannot. The potato gratin I had this morning boarded on inedible - it was not spicy (as advertised) and the surface of the dish was like the interior of a tennis shoe. Pastries were better, but again not up to the old standards. I had the chocolate cake, and while it was better than the frozen food aisle, it was nothing out of ordinary bakery fare you could find almost anywhere.This place has the best French pastries I've ever tasted. It's expensive but worth it. Made up for my slight disappointment after all the hype with Cafe Du Mont.Cleaniness: 1
Food: 4
Atmosphere: 5
Overall, I give the place a 3. I found a hair in my croissant, so that took my score of this place down a lot. The girl working the counter was nice enough to give me a hair free croissant, but I was still a little skeptical. I had the almond croissant. It was pretty good. It would have been better if they warmed it up a little bit. As I live out of town and I found a hair in my food, I will never go back to this place again.Found it to be a very quaint place to grab some baked goods and coffee. Turns out, the baked goods were very good.
Clean, very white and european space. I'm glad we stopped.Quaint spot to chill w/espresso and a beautiful pastry. However, to warm up croissants they nuke them in the microwave and overdo it. The staff can be quite surly, too. Closed Tuesdays and by 3pm most other days, I believe, so check their hours before going. $10 minimum for CCs.Doesn't not test good and the coffee is bad jgdhffhgfg hffbn lgxlgxotzogzkgzozotxotxogxtxtozogxtxoyxyoxoyxotxpyzpyDefinitely one of the worst eateries in the French Quarter. All the pastries taste like something that came out of a Cisco truck a week ago or picked out of a pastry platter from Costco. Not to mention the croissants, which are dense, chewy and taste like over-cooked  bagels. Given this place three tries and been extremely disappointed every time. 
What really ticks me off is how they call themselves a breakfast establishment, but only have one breakfast option; a wet egg sitting atop a hardened croissant. How is that breakfast!? And once the eggs run out, breakfast is abruptly stopped without warning, leaving only cold lattes and watery coffee to accompany your croissant. 
On top of all that, the staff is extremely rude, unfriendly and jaded by the constant influx of French Quarter tourists. I can understand where their animosity stems from, but don't punish the only customer base willing to step through your doors, because locals certainly know to stay away!Chicken salad croissant was excellent.  Very pleasant counter help.  Super fast service.  Very reasonable prices.Best croissant I have ever had, period. It's seriously as good as it get.The best croissants this side of Straussbourg. Everything baked on the premesis. Try the Chickory au Lait with an Almond Croissant. Located at the original Angelo Brocato's- that's where the over the top tile comes from. CASH ONLY. DO NOT MISS THIS PLACE.Almond croissant was tasty, cheese Danish not so hot, and the cafe au lait was just plain bad. Was nice that they were open early.It's SO SO fresh and delicious croissant. You must come here if you are in New Orleans :$Not sure what happened to this place over the last 2 years. It used to be an amazing local gem but the quality has gone down tremendously. The croissants are soft and mushy. You'd get better in a Paris metro stop. The ham and cheese croissant has cream cheese. Not sure if you can even get that stuff in France but it's just weird. The staff is friendly and the place is still busy. The coffee is decent. If you are stuck in the area, then it's not bad but I wouldn't drive across town for it. I'm sad.This is probably the best bakery in Nola
Great cakes and basically everything we ordered was great!This may easily be the best place we went to on our trip to New Orleans. The service was phenomenal, the desserts were out of this world, and the price was reasonable, especially for it being located in the French Quarter. Definitely give it a try, you won't regret it!Pastries were not fresh or flavorful. If you're looking for french pastries try somewhere else. Tried the hazelnut brest and napoleon. Disappointed and not worth the money.Had a chocolate croissant here. This was terrible. I was surprised how bad it was given the heavy French influence in the cooking here.
Croissants should have layers of buttery pastry. This was a piece of bread with chocolate (and not very good chocolate) placed in it. Blechh :-P
Even our lowly Au Bon Pain chain in Boston does a better job and that's not saying much...Enjoyed a delicious slice of the frangipane with a great cup of coffee. The place is fantastically cute inside with old mosaic tile flooring and half burned-out vanity lights overhead. My only complaint is they close at 3pm on the weekends at least so my return/visit lazy afternoon pastry cravings were stifled. Alas, one more reason to return to Crescent City.A gem hiding out in the French Quarter! Croissant D'or is a must try for anyone craving a Parisian patisserie experience. The space is amazing and cute (love the tiles and row of big round light bulbs). And whoever dreamed up the bechamel croissant is a genius. Anything that is spun out of butter, stuffed with spinach then topped with bechamel and cheese is a deliciously fattening force to be reckoned with! Croissant is inexpensive to boot! This is my idea of (non-calorie counting) breakfast perfection.I've been coming to this place for about 5 years and always recommend it to people looking for  a light reasonably priced breakfast and coffee. We were in town in April 2011 and sadly, tragically it has apparently been sold. The new owners have kind of changed the interior, though not to a dramatic degree, so I can live with that. 
The real problem was the huge increase in prices but worse, terrible terrible quality. 2 quiches, or croissants & 2 cafe au lait used to come to $8, maybe $9 dollars. Now it was almost $15. 
Okay, I can live with that too if it's still delicious. It was LOUSY. The quiche crusts was the most dense, tough thing I have ever tried to eat. We never went back during the week except for coffee which was just OK. We used to hit this place every morning. Maybe they fired long standing employees and hired some new ones willing to work cheaper, maybe they are using cheaper ingredients, I dunno. Sadly, Croissant D'or no more....Delicious almond croissant. Amazing atmosphere great service. Clean and elegant get away from the busy strip.We visited here this month, Dec 2016, and it was as good as ever. Delicious pastries and breakfast. We have been to New Orleans many times and always have breakfast here. Even if our hotel includes it with room.
I would call it a quirky, French style, cafe. There is even a court yard if you prefer
My croissant was fresh buttery and plump. My scrambled cooked perfectly. The quiche was not over cooked like most. And everyone was very friendly. In spite of some of the rude and needy customersSublime!
One of the best meals I had in Nola, though it was only lunch.
I got the Praline Paris Brest, and Ham n Swiss Croissant, warmed. Both were absolutely delicious. The Croissant was not only buttery but had depth of flavor. Was something to savor. I actually was tempted to order the complete meal again, lol.Birthday week in the household always brought a Tarte Maison from Croissant D'Or. When Maurice was in control they were without parallel. He left, and they shrank, declined in quality, and increased in price. Now ownership has changed again, and a tarte maison is $29 and the size of a personal pizza (initially a large!). The quality and range of other offerings has declined in proportion. Whoever owns this now is milking the profits on the tourist trade, and cares little for the art. Still OK, though, and pricy.Enjoyed a fantastic brunch here. Got the chicken salad sandwich on a croissant, and the flavor profile was perfect. Enjoyed a delightful almond croissant as well.Simply amazing!  The beautiful building, first of all, is a sight to see.  The decorative moldings and the little courtyard are so charming.  The order at the counter style service isn't very efficient but the ladies behind the counter were friendly and smiling and very helpful.  Then...the food.  Lort have mercy.  Delicious.The food is overpriced and $4.00 orange juice in a tiny cup is ridiculous! The service was rude and horrible! I will never go again or even consider this place for any of my friends or family. I had far better experience with other places. Thanks for ruining my morning!Loved the food and pastries here. Get the quiches, the are awesome. Especially the broccoli and salmon one. The almond croissant is also heavenly. The lattes and cappucinos good. Everything was priced moderately and I really enjoyed my two breakfasts here.They have delicious cakes and pastries. The reason for the 3 stars is that while we were eating our great cakes and croissants, a cock roach was running on the floor so we had to move our bags from the floor and move away from our table before it got too close. A few ladies at another table did the same thing. We could see that they were not used to see roaches. We are from Florida so we have seen a few of them before - not in a cafe/restaurant though. Anyways, we went to the counter to tell the employees about it, so they could remove it. The only thing they did was saying "we are sorry" I am not sure that I will return despite their wonderful cakes and pastries.Their almond croissants were to die for. Decently priced and a great, quaint find in the French Quarter to grab a quick French pastry.Good place for croissants and coffee in the Quarter especially if you need an alternative to Cafe Du Monde.I hate to break the news on this one; however, this is NOT a four star rating by any stretch; and even more so when rates against all the other great bakery and boulangeries in the city.
1) the lady behind the counter wasn't just having a bad day; but would continually get distracted and do other random things.  Drugs?  Hangover?  I don't know... I felt bad and still tipped 20%.
2). French onion soup.... /meh
3) Ham and cheese on croissant...  /meh
Honestly... Tasted like it was at least a day old.
Not honoring their namesake is a big no no IMHO.
4) coffee.... /meh
Sorry folks.... Take a pass.  
I hope they can turn it around some day.Exellent French Bakery Cafe,  will not go wrong.  The pastries are fresh and the lattes are wonderfull.  The Tuna fish sandwish is fantastic.  Great service.  Highly recommend to those who visit the French Quarter with a taste for french patisserie.Pretty cool place! Built in the 1920s and the architecture is still authentic. A nice selection of pastries and sandwiches to choose from. Very open and decently clean. It's a little run down and needs some aesthetic maintenance but overall not too bad. The desert was actually really delicious!So .......... Yeah yelp has dissapointed me this time. 6 hour drive from Houston to New Orleans looking for New Orleans fine eats. After not getting any sleep, tired, and hungry we decided to try this place seeing how they have 4 stars on yelp, thinking in my head "hmmm all these people can't be wrong and they do have a high rating so why not" when we  arrived to  this place we were happy to see a line of customers and seeing a zagat rating " which I don't trust zagat no more " we were all happy thinking we were going to eat the most amazing croissants, boy were we wrong.
 We ordered the sausage and cheese croissant, ham and cheese croissant,  chocolate filled croissant, and this potato thingy on a dish whatever the hell it was. So 3 things came to mind when we were waiting in line, first where is that fresh bakery smell?  Second are they really gonna serve us the ones on the glass display which looked like its been sitting there the day before? And the microwave .......... Seriously the microwave ......... So I thought ok stop thinking to much into it I just had to try it before passing judgement. When we sat down with our food I took the first bite of the ham and cheese and wow it was horrible there was no freshness to it what so ever. My brother took a bite of the sausage croissant and he literally "no lie" spit it out because it was just so damn greesy. My girlfriend saw our reaction and didn't even want to try until I had to ask her several times to try it so we can actually get another validation on how disgusting it was and she agreed. We then tried the potato oh my god I wouldn't even feed my dog that crap how in the hell do you mess up on a potato dish? The chocolate croissant was whatever it gave my taste buds an "blah" this place should be very ashamed to be serving food like this to people and the price was ridiculous what is the owner thinking?
Because of this place I thought New Orleans was going to have nothing but crap restaurants and our hopes were real low until we tried acmes seafood and after that everything else was awesome. I read some of the comments stating that its a new owner running this place and the croissants use to be good, well if that's the case I guess we were out of luck not being able to experience the croissants how it was made back then.
To the yelpers that actually gave this place a good review, I'm sorry to say but you guys are dead wrong about this place and you guys either have some really bad taste buds or never really tried good croissants anywhere else. I advise anyone and everyone to not go here, they clearly don't give a damn about their product nor the customers. To the owner that's reading this I have this to say, you should be ashamed of yourself for the crap you serve and the prices should never be that high but I'm sure with a greedy mind you are all about milking the innocent people looking to have a good food experience. 
Zagat I don't trust you guys as well I mean you guys gave a good rating to a damn Wendy's I don't know how creditable Zagats ratings are anymore, maybe restaurant owners paying under the table to Zagat just to receive a high rating and a sticker placed on their windows and doors.  Its just a damn shame that yelpers probably won't even read the negative comments but more than likely flock over there just because of the 4 star rating. DON'T GO THERE YOU WILL REGRET IT!!!!!!!!This is a nice little french bistro in the French Quarter, right near the Old Ursuline Convent. My wife and I split an almond croissant, which was big enough for the two of us for a snack.  The croissant was delicious, flakey, and moist. Very sweet- but not too sweat-which is how I like my croissants.  The only problem, and only reason I am deducting a star is because my wife found a hair in the croissant.  The staff was very kind and promptly gave us a new croissant.
Other than that, this is a great bakery to eat at. I had a great cafe au lait, and they they have a full espresso menu. Nice staff, beautiful white interior, great pastries.Based on prior reviews, things have changed since good reviews! 
Pretty bad all around. Croissant place does NOT have good croissants, chewy doughy not buttery not flaky. Quiche they stick in microwave in front of you, doesn't come out so good. So so watery coffee. Service was surly.Very very good; they had a wide selection of fresh delicious pastries, and the prices were very reasonable. The staff was friendly, and the place has a very friendly, relaxed atmosphere. I would highly recommend!Skip the long lines for Café du Monde and head down a few more blocks to Croissant D'or. This little café is the perfect place to spend a weekend morning (or weekday, if you're on vacation!), sipping a chocolate or hazelnut cappuccino and enjoying pain du chocolat (or chocolate croissants, if you'd rather). We also had a quiche Lorraine (helpfully warmed by the staff) and it was delicious too. Our preschooler enjoyed his blueberry croissant, and my husband - Parisian born and bred - declared it "pretty good." Since he's of the opinion you have to have French flour to be excellent, that's high praise indeed.I had a chicken salad croissant and immediately bookmarked the location so I know where to go next time I'm back in New Orleans. It was amazing! I definitely recommend to try it. 
It's a nice little bakery. Great place to grab a coffee and croissant. I'll be back!Convenient spot to get a coffee and a light breakfast. Its not the best or particularly impressive but there aren't a lot of options on that side of the quarter. And its way more cute/quaint than the chain coffee shop a few blocks away.My husband and I are wrapping up our New Orleans honeymoon today. We have eaten so much good food this week, but this is far and away our favorite breakfast place - bonus points earned for being literally around the corner from our hotel, the Hotel Provincial. Between the two of us and across three visits in one week, I can say from experience that the plain, ham and cheese, chocolate, apple, blueberry, and almond croissants are all buttery perfection (sorry, they sold out of raspberry before I could try it...). My husband also really enjoyed the vanilla petit four and the breakfast special with hash browns and bacon.  On top of all that, the decor and staff are utterly charming. I don't make many food recommendations, but I will be telling anyone I know who is traveling to New Orleans to come here.I'm so glad the awesome sales woman who knows her pastries and loves sharing the joy of them with others helped me pick out a chocolate ganache mouse with almond paste and a buttery crust tart.  It was delicious.  I hate half right away, but actually preferred the second half which had reached room temperature.Almond Croissants are always the best! Consistent. Not France but I also like the baguettes. Closest thing. Awesome always!!!I was searching for red velvet cake, when we walked into this lovely french bakery, 15 minutes before they were about to close.  Alas, no red velvet, but I did enjoy the most delicious petit four and, easily, the best almond croissant ever to hit my face.  Served warm.  When a dessert is balanced, not too sugary sweet, flakey, chocolately, silky...lots of adjectives here...you understand, fifteen minutes is more than enough time to enjoy whatever you finally decide to buy.I have a crush on their cakes... while visiting french quarter i visit there everyday for a piece of cakeIf you are visiting or even newly transplanted this place is a must. Delicious food and the French charm creates a beautiful experience. I chose the ham and Swiss baguette which was HUGE - freshly grated cheese and sliced ham, also added scrambled eggs.
The selection was just right offering deserts that would please even he pickiest of peopleThe croissants are absolutely delicious.  My husband wasn't a fan of the cheese that they used in the ham and cheese croissant but he's very picky. We're going back tomorrow to try something different.Overhyped! This place is out of the way and not worth it. 
The service here was terrible, the staff was disorganized/unhelpful, and we got cut in line twice! Once was by some homeless lady which was fine because I didn't want any part of that and the second time someone started to take our order but wandered off somewhere so the big family behind us got to order first. 
The salami sandwich was good, the salami was strong but only came with one thin piece across the sandwich. My chicken salad sandwich was average at best and came straight out of the fridge with saran wrap still on it. The raspberry croissant was the highlight of the meal, it was delicious but not worth coming back for.I stopped here on a Saturday mid morning and they didn't have any croissants left! They had plenty of sandwiches on a croissant and cakes but no single croissants., it was bizarre to me.The bottom line: With a reputation like they have, I would have expected more from the pastry. The only reason they get 3 stars and not 2 is that the coffee (cappuccino) was really good (and I am definitely a coffee snob)
The Pro's: The cappuccino. The ambiance. The quiche was okay. Not more. But not bad.
The con's: The sweet pastries were really nothing to write home about. Far from it. It is also pricey.  The coffee was really good, but not the cheapest...The croissants were good, although not the best I've had. A little bit on the heavy side, but the taste was very good. I liked the atmosphere inside the place with the old tiles. It gives the bakery a very nice retro ambiance. I will go back there on my next trip to NO.Stop here today before heading out of New Orleans. 
The lady that worked the front was very friendly. 
We ordered a few things and would have ordered more but is very expensive even for the French quarter. 
Did have both quiches with some coffee. 
Was pretty good, But not $7.00 each worth. 
This place is not open all day mostly a breakfast or early lunch. I think they would do a lot more business if prices were lower. Also we got there right before they were going to close 30 min later. And there was a lot of food left over so I'm also wondering how many days they keep it for and that it's not fresh daily. I would check before ordering of how long since it was made.after battling palmetto bugs all evening in my sepia-toned sublet (complete with ostrich feathers on the lamps...) i would wake up exhausted and in a rush to get to work. i'd hop in the shower, dress, and run outside only to wonder why i bothered as my curls turned to frizz and my sunglasses fogged up. I would dash around the corner to begin my day with THE BEST croissants in all of NOLA. take THAT palmettos, you can't stop me from enjoying blueberry, raspberry, and chocolate croissants and their fluffy and sticky goodness. the staff is adorable and friendly, and there are no palmettos to be seen. 
amazing bakery, amazing staff, lovely decor, and did i mention a striking lack of palmettos??This is the cutest place, I went twice in four days! I loved the French tiles and decor. Croissants, quiche, pastries, cakes..so much to choose from. 
1st time: spinach quiche, chocolate croissant, ham and cheese croissant (warm) and café au lait. 
2nd time: ham and cheese croissant with lettuce and tomato (cold), sausage croissant and cafe au lait. 
** disclosure both meals were shared ;) 
The croissants were so buttery, I mean like melt in your mouth flaky good. These croissants are now a top three all time favorite of mine. The quiche was large and had a nice soft crust.  I truly feel like you can't go wrong here. I would order everything again! 
There are plenty of tables and then some in the bay windows for seating and a cute courtyard area. If you are in the French Quarter area, stop by! Once or twice...I am a local and work in the area so I USED to stop in often. I had to stop going in though as the young lady (early 20's, brunette) who works in the morning (I would stop in around 8:30) was NEVER pleasant, ALWAYS had a frown on her face and NEVER greets you or says thank you after you order. I even asked her one day if everything was ok as she looked even more miserable than normal. As much as I enjoyed the pastries here, this was the start of my day and it can make for a crappy start when I am spending my very hard earned money and get such pitiful service.A quaint French bakery with a patio and window seating. I was a big fan of the cheese and ham quiche with a fresh coffee. My friend and I grabbed a cozy window seat to warm up in and have our breakfast. 
The service was fast paced and pushy but the customer line is long, so it seemed necessary to keep everyone moving.I ordered a raspberry croissant, my wife had petit fours. My croissant was really good, flaky, buttery and the fruit was delicious. The coffee was good. The only downside was the strong smell of urine outside the front door, and the bathrooms which were more like outhouses.In my last review I gave this place 4 stars, but that was based on my previous love for the place.  I regretted giving it that good of a rating, so here is a more accurate one.  This place used to be great when a French chef owned and operated it.  I don't know how long ago, a Vietnamese family took it over and the quality of everything there has suffered.  This place will always do a booming business because of its location and its looks.  But there is no longer attention paid to making good food here.  On 5/30/15 I had a vegetable soup that seemed like watered-down canned soup - unpardonable in a place like New Orleans, where I grew up.  Croissants were a disappointment.  Perhaps they are purchased from a large manufacturer like Costco, then over-priced to sell in the French Quarter.  I hope this place returns to its former glory.  The building itself is beautiful and the location is ideal when exploring the French Quarter.  Since Hurricane Katrina, it has been possible to get bad meals in lots of places in New Orleans.  What a shame.  To address Terri R., you should have eaten here when Maurice the French baker ran it.  Then you would have been flabbergasted by the baked goods and their quality.We had breakfast here early (8:00 am) a couple of days after Christmas. Get here early on the weekends before the line gets too long. The beignet was fabulous and made with yeast dough (much nicer than Cafe du Monde's). The croissants were good, but not as good as we've had. The espresso and other pastries were very good indeed. Cool place, lots of tables to hang out and read the news. Loved it!  We'll be back next time we're in Nola.In the interest of full disclosure, I must say that I really had built this place up in my mind before we came here. Visions of warm, freshly made French pastries that surpassed any I had eaten before and delicious coffee drinks danced in my head. What I got when I arrived was much more of a reality check. 
My friend and I split the chocolate croissant, Apple strudel and galette for breakfast. The galette was hard as a rock and basically tasted like a stale shortbread cookie I found in the back of my pantry. The Apple strudel was about on par with what I could have purchased in the bakery section of my local grocery store back home, and was served cold and had clearly been made at least a day or two earlier. The chocolate croissant was also served cold, had very little chocolate it in, and I've a better from William Sonoma. 
As for drinks, we paid $4 to get a tiny plastic glass of orange juice (served in one of those miniature punch glasses you see at proms and weddings), and my iced chocolate cappuccino tasted like neither chocolate or cappuccino and was served in a tiny little juice glass which made it also not worth the $4 price tag.
Sadly, for the $17 we spent here, we would have been happier with a McDonalds breakfast. The only reason I'm giving two stars instead of one is because the atmosphere was so darn cute. Other than that this place was a complete bummer.I thought it was pretty good. I had a ham and swiss croissant and the Italian cream cake. My husband had an eclair. I don't think it's nearly as bad as the other reviews make it sound, but I didn't have the coffee.When "Plan A" for my girlfriend's birthday lunch didn't pan out due to my inability to read a schedule (Cafe Degas is closed on Mondays),  she suggested Croissant D'Or as a Plan B. Lovely little place, and not crowded. The sandwiches are a bit understuffed by New Orleans standards, but quite tasty and with very good bread.Perhaps worth 4.5 stars in this neighborhood, but not as good as the places in Paris.
Nothing stuck out as being excellent, but nothing bad either.  I tried the almond croissant and cafe au lait.
One service complaint that had no weight in the rating (as is usually the case with my reviews) is that I was automatically given a large cup of coffee.  I didn't realize there were two sizes, and was never asked which size I wanted.The croissant's are fantastic. The French owner comes in each morning to make them. They have adequate seating and if the weather is nice there is a patio in the back, which is dog friendly.The almond croissant was one of the best I have had! Great place for a relaxing breakfast!This past Saturday morning my parents, who were visiting, wanted to go have coffee and beignets at Cafe du Monde. We arrived to find a huge line of tourists wrapping around the building. Not wanting to wait or brave the packed crowd, I suggested Croissant D'Or.  My folks LOVED it. This place is a TRUE French bakery with good, strong (not chicory based) coffee and light, flakey, melt-in-your-mouth croissants. The pastry selection rivals some of my favorite patisseries in Paris! Needless to say, my folks now want to make going there on their future trips a necessary tradition and were delighted that Cafe du Monde was too crowded. Hopefully this place won't get "discovered" by the masses cause I really enjoyed getting to sit down & hear our conversation without loud bands or vagrants asking for money.This was an incredible find.  I was in New Orleans for a long weekend in February 2007 and stumbled across this place (or maybe someone directed us there -- can't remember), and I was really surprised.  New Orleans is definitely a unique American city, and this place reminded me of that.  It's the type of bakery that you would expect to find in Paris - not in the Southeast of the United States.  The croissants are amazing, and I particulary recommend the croissant with cheese and mybe broccoli.  I was back in New Orleans a few months after February 2007 (think it was June), and I made sure to go back to this place for quiche and cappucino.  
It's also away from the commotion of the rest of the Quarter, so totally laid back.A cute little cafe with a fantastic selection of fresh fruit, pastries, breads and treats.  A great place for a light breakfast or lunch!  Staff was great, especially the young lady helping out!Reliable and unpretentious, a croissant here on Saturday morning will probably save your life.
The line is often long, meandering out the door and a little slow, but service is friendly and there are a lot of ways to go French after you wish you second-guessed waiting to watch another sunrise.I came here two days in a row on a recent visit to New Orleans.  The cafe is in my favorite part of the quarter because it's quieter and near the Ursulines Convent which is a wonderful place to visit.  The first day, I stopped in for an iced cappuccino and an almond croissant.  Both were just what I needed after a hot afternoon walking around.  The second day, I returned with my husband for a quick lunch of a spinach quiche and another iced coffee.  The cakes and pastries in the case look beautiful.I walked to this spot for our hotel in search of my caffeine fix. I had an almond croissant and café mocha to start my day. I thought it would be fun to sit in the window seat to people watch. In comparison to other bakeries it was okay. My mocha came out quickly which was perfect. The almond croissant was fine. I wish it was fresher.This place is great - the apple croissant was to die for and the spinach quiche was yummy too.I was on a short vacation to NOLA and was on a mission to find a tasty almond croissant. I tried one at Cafe Beignet that I thought was pretty good but had to give this Patisserie a shot. However, the display tray was empty when I arrived and I was so sad! Lucky for me, I asked if they had any in the back and when they said yes I ordered 2 and some iced coffee. These croissants are huge and so pretty. The iced coffee was pretty good too and the nice girl behind the counter said the refills were free, even better! I took 1 to go but it was pretty hard and stale the next day, but the one I ate in the shop was delicious. Definitely give this place a try if you need a small snack before lunch.Not impressed at all, they don't know how to do a ham and cheese croissant. It's not hard. If you are looking for an authentic ham and cheese croissant go somewhere else.
You have the choice of a pre-made one but it has cheese baked into the top of the croissant  the other option was to have a "sandwich" with ham and cheese. So I ordered that thinking it might be a bit more authentic (French). Came out looking great: in a croissant but cold ....  asked them to heat it up and the  directed us to the self serve toaster oven  so proceeded to use that despite my concerns about hygiene and burning myself ....took over 10 mins.
Can definitely improve on their service by heating croissants instead of making the customer do it.The people giving bad reviews are super picky!  I always come here every year when I'm in town for a week.  I also go to France every year and sit for hours in cafes munching on croissants and sipping cafe cremes!  For a French style cafe outside of France this place is great!  I've never been disappointed!  I noticed people complaining about the croissants on here. Well the ones in France are usually a bit flakier and harder on the outside, but really they differ greatly from cafe to cafe even in Paris!  So unless you're an expert French Pastry chef I think you'll like these.  They are yummy :-). My favorite part is the atmosphere-  lovely French music and a charming "very French" decor including bay windows and a lovely courtyard.  My usual order- Chicken salad on baguette (delicious), tomato basil soup (very nice- not very creamy-more broth-y), almond croissant, and of course a cafe au lait!!  Get there early- they close at 3pm and I miss em sometimes! Enjoy :-)