The crepe was good the service was not. I was on vacation visiting from California for a few days and every restaurant we went to the staff was friendly and polite. Unfortunately I can't say the same thing about this place the cashier wasn't welcoming at all and it took a long time just to get one crepe.This place was mentioned in Esquire Magazine as having one of the Best Breakfasts In America. I've only had the crepes from here for breakfast once, but as a late-night snack about a dozen times. They are ridiculously huge, taste delicious (especially the ones containing salmon), and worth every penny.
They don't need seating here...it would detract from the bohemian attitude and slow down the place's pulse. I agree with others here that find it's cool to go into the bar next door and have a beer while you enjoy your crepe. Then head upstairs to The Mushroom, one of the last great independent record/CD/DVD/paraphernalia stores on the planet.Great service, but the crepe was lacking. Took the trolley from the convention center. Had NO idea this mug was so far. Just a simple college (Tulane University) sugar-tooth spot. The crepes were basic, although they did have a sizable list of toppings/fillings. Outside seating only, which is limited. They are located right next to a bar and are three blocks from the trolley.I've never had such a lackluster crepe.... Crepe dough was green and seeing as I visited here the day after St Patrick's day, the dough was obviously not fresh. The best part about it was the Nutella, but that was the one part they didn't make themselves. Had heard a lot of hype since it's practically on the Tulane campus, but I was unimpressed.Came here on a Sunday morning for late breakfast/brunch. The crepes were quite good. I got the Salmon benedict with cream cheese and the lemon souffle. The Salmon had a healthy serving of all the ingredients. I'm not too into hollandaise, and was relieved to find it not too overpowering. Overall, service was fast and efficient (our group was 8 and we all got served pretty quickly.) The crepes were tasty and I'm still thinking about the salmon and cream cheese crepe. The lemon souffle could have had more filling in it, but I love sweet lemon snacks.I love love love these crepes. I'm not a sweets person, but I've had many of the savory ones. Convenient location for students and never disappointed. My only complaint is that adding toppings gets too pricy too quicklyCrepes a la Cart is without a doubt one of my top favorite places to eat for seemingly endless reasons. This tiny shop has a personality, vibe, and soul of its own and has played a large role as one of the predominating themes of my college career so far. Many a night/early morning have I spent sitting on the "stoop" of Crepes a la Cart devouring a deeply satisfying delicacy of a crepe. The employees play a large part in the shop's spirit spinning artful crepe creations and playing an array of interesting music. Crepes a la Cart is the Cirque du Soleil of crepe shops marching to its own beat and providing a unique dining experience every time. My absolute favorites are (1.) butter, sugar, with a dash of salt (2.) honey ham, swiss, honey dijon, and a squeeze of lemon and (3.) cream cheese, smoked salmon, fresh spinach, and a dash of pepper! With those three you can NEVER go wrong! 
The shop is definitely NOT lacking in personality. The employees are funny and aren't shy to start a conversation with you if you are willing to do so with them. Once, my friend asked for a recommendation mentioning items he likes: peanut butter and bananas but said he also wanted something with bacon in it. The employee spinning crepes immediately offered up his own creation called the Zombie Elvis, a combination of ALL of Elvis Presley's favorite foods. This crepe was a giant protein punch packed with cheddar cheese, bacon, peanut butter, and bananas. 
You're sure to have your own unique crepe experience at Crepes a la Cart from its interesting and artsy interior design to its humorous employees to its divine crepes!
I have never had a poor experience at Crepes a la Cart and can't wait to spend the next three years of my college career putting on the pounds eating their delicious crepes!Crêpes à la Cart is a catering service that serves delicious crêpes with filling of your choice. They're at all the NOLA festivals and can be hired for an event as well. I've had them 3 times this year! I had crêpes at the Fried Chicken Festival 2016 and Gretna Food Truck Festival 2016 this past weekend and at Wednesdays at the Square (WATS) a few months ago. My verdict? Delicious! They are definitely hit or miss depending on who's working the booth. Great crepes and service at the WATS and Fried Chicken Festival, but a big FAIL at Gretna Food Truck Fest 2016. Execution and service was slow and poor that day. 
My favorite flavor? Speculoos, a delicious cookie butter found at Trader Joe's. I've seen them use a generic cookie butter brand also but it's still good.Tried to order via uber eats, but the restaurant kept canceling the order. Why be on Uber Eats if you are not going to accept orders?Ordered from UberEATS yesterday and took a bite of my Italian crepe and saw a huge hair stuck in the dough. Had to throw it away and was kinda grossed out to eat the rest. Reported on UberEATS and got totally ignored. Never gonna get this again. Disgusting!Pretty good crepes. Wish there was a little more variety and seating can be hard to find. But you're in the French market, so that's to be expected. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but I'd go if I was already in the area.This is a tiny little crepe place near Tulane's campus. Facing down a long afternoon of meetings on campus, I splurged out on a crepe fromage (with swiss) for lunch. They have a huge crepe menu, full of savory and sweet options. The guy in front of me got some kind of nutella-strawberry-pecan-walnut thing and I made a mental note to try that next time.
If you go, be prepared to wait. From the time I got into line to the time they handed off my crepe, it was well over 20 minutes. Was it good? Yup. Not sure I'd go here more often because of the wait issue, but it's a good treat.Too many choices! I stick with the traditional dessert crepes, maybe just nutella and banana. Very filling and cheap. perfect late night snack. Actually better when refrigerated overnight and eaten for breakfast! The ones with cheeses and meats are gross.I'm a big crepe fan, and was excited to try this place on my visit to New Orleans. They have a plentiful menu of both sweet and savory crepes.  The place is colorful and hip, clearly catering to college students.  It's a fun atmosphere with young, energetic students stopping in for some crepe sustenance.  I ordered a sweet crepe with peanut butter, brown sugar, and cinnamon.  It was very good.  The crepe was cooked just enough to melt the fillings together into a blissful combination. 
Why only 3 stars?
I didn't realize it was a walk-up place with little/no seating.  I ate my crepe standing on the sidewalk.  It would have been so much better to sit down, relax, and hang out for awhile.  Had I expected that, my rating might be 4 stars.
Bottom Line:  If you're in the area and don't mind getting it to go, this place makes tasty crepes.Bizarre location and no eating space, but man was this delicious! The crepe was made quickly and completely filled me up!I love this place. There is nothing better than a crepe after some time at the boot. Honestly, I am usually eating these crepes at 1AM but I know they are also open for breakfast. The selection is great, they will custom make just about anything for you. A quick walk in stop, then eat outside and look at all the beautiful mansions turned Frat Houses on Broadway. and good news for college students, they accept NOLA Bucks!Mediocre. Not a bad snack late a night after going to the Boot, and certainly better than Boot pizza. A bit expensive considering the size of the crepes... they're pretty small. There are certainly better crepe places out there but the convenient location of crepes a la carte keeps the place packed at night. Try the nutella + strawberry crepe, or the crepe italian .I love this place! They have so many creative options, both sweet and savory. As a college student, I really like that they accept NOLA Bucks for whenever I forget to have cash on me and the portions are pretty sizable. I would definitely try it out!We had a great experience working with Crepes a la Cart for my wife's 30th birthday party.  We wanted to do something a little unique to celebrate.  We had an absolute blast having the Crepes a la cart food truck park in front of our house.  Our guests had a great time ordering all different types of crepes and taking pictures with "Nadine". The amazing quality of the crepes matched the outstanding service.  Kevin was great to work and we will definitely look forward to the next event with him and his team.  I will highly recommend them for any catering needs.I was extremely excited to find this crepe place right outside a bar. But its not only great bar food, but great breakfast, lunch, dinner, and dessert. I would say these are some of the best crepes I have had outside of France. Highly recommended.Fabulous.  We had both the sweet and savory kind.  The Bananas Foster was phenomenal!!I don't understand how anyone could ever pass on these. If you don't like Crêpes a la Cart, you don't like crêpes. Not the real crêpes that you get from a real cart in real Paris in real France. Good for breakfast, lunch, dinner, and high, drunken snackery. None of this tra-la-la delicate like lace and fancy bullshit.
The current nearby construction on Broadway detracts somewhat from the ambience... Hopefully temporary.My now fiance took me here right before he proposed and I was blown away at how DELICIOUS it really was. I always get a desert type crepe and everytime I do it is just fantastic.I used to like the crepes here but it has seriously gone down. 
First of all, they were putting tips on Tulane students "splash card" (debit card basically) without asking. They were caught and now Tulane doesn't let students use their splash card there. There's no excuse for this from a business. 
also the quality of food has gone down. The crepes are VERY inconsistent. There's always new people there working and none of them make the crepes the same. Some put a ton of ingredients and some barely any. Also half the time they mess up my order. Be prepared to get what you ordered, give or take a couple of ingredients.Had lunch here for the first time on Friday. It will not be my last! Steve and Shanna made the most amazing pesto crepe for me. I added sauté mushrooms which took it over the top. It was so delicious my friend and I decided to split another with nutella and strawberries. Soooo delicious! Can't wait to go back and try something else!I used to go here all the time when I lived in the neighborhood. When I went, the service was always amazing, and I got to know several of the extremely friendly crepe chefs very well.
They let me try whatever I wanted, and made even my most ridiculous concoctions well, such as an angel food cake / marshmallow / caramel / sugar brew which I wouldn't really try again...
The atmosphere varies depending on what's going on at the Boot next door, though I had fun both when the streets were packed and I could savor a meal at midnight and in the afternoon when I could just sit outside on the patio and eat.
Space would be my only complaint, but in New Orleans it adds a cozy atmosphere which enhanced those times I ordered from Crepes a La Cart, and enhanced that part of the whole experience which involved watching my own crepe being cooked to perfection (when I ordered the right thing).
Awesome venue, and I'd highly recommend a visit. My favorite savory is the complete vegetarian, favorite sweet anything with nutella!
I can't wait to stop by next time I'm on Broadway...Never again. The two workers were 30 minutes late to open. Once we could finally go in, they were still not fully prepared. They slowly made one crepe at a time. Then, we started eating our crepes and found multiple hairs in them. My sister found eight pieces of hair in her one crepe. When I told them, they only offered to make them again, as if I would want another hair crepe.Worst service I have ever experienced. Waited in line for 45 min and no one took my order despite taking a second order from someone who had ordered 30 min before me. Extremely disappointed. I was just hungry. I just wanted food. You disappointed.Love this place! Love their crépes. Always have super friendly service. I always order the Heavenly Chocolate Delight. And it is both heavenly and delightful! All other crépes don't stand par to these.The food is way overprices and bland, I likened my (overcooked) crepe to more like a lame burrito than a crepe.  Better eat elsewhere and go to Crepe Nanou for something worth the money.Crepes are always light and fluffy and fruit is always fresh. I love their coffee drinks, yes all of them. Get there early for great outdoorI wonder how many people come to this place sober. Not that the crepe was bad, it was actually delicious, but the location of the shop adjacent to a college bar explains the 3 am closing time. We just asked the guy in the shop, 'give me a good crepe', which we eventually managed to narrow down to 'something with chicken and mushroom in it'. The product was a delicious savoury snack which was rapidly consumed in a drunken haze. 
Will have to return with a clearer head for a more accurate review. But I remember it being pretty awesome.A decent place to get a little meal. I had a turkey, tomato and mozzarella crepe that was good for a light dinner, and a Nutella strawberry dessert crepe. Recently they got into some trouble with Tulane University for charging automatic tips. Oops!Visited this uptown location for a late night treat and it was very simple and nice.  The venue has a few outdoor tables but it's more meant for pick up or eat while standing/walking.  The taste was decent and meal was filling.  I will come back.2.5 stars.
This place is really convenient to go to, especially if you are a Tulane student. Some of their crepes are good but others (particularly the sweet ones because of the syrup they add which makes the crepes always fall apart) aren't. However, their salty crepes don't have this problem. I highly recommend the lox crepe!The crepes are consistently good. The employees are consistently stoned. Took three attempts to get my crepe right tonight first charged us for four and only gave us two. When I asked for my crepe they made it and also refunded our money for the fourth. They made my sweet crepe with basil instead of mint. I figure that kind of mistake on whatever herbs they're smoking could be fatal. C'mon guys...get it together. I love your crepes but my patience runs thin for the dopiness on the job.The breakfast crepes is where they excel - love the Nutella crepe; it reminds me of the crepe stand in Jardin les Infants in Paris. Very authentic creperie.  During Tulane school season, lines can be rather long and they don't hurry. Of course good food can't be hurried. They tend to be a little heavy on the garlic but delicious despite all. Lack of seating is a problem. No drinks- you have to buy from the Boot store next door.  Very large selection including many vegetarian and vegan choices.Absolutely horrible crepes. Horrible service. Waited 40 mins for 3 crepes with 2 customers in the store. The crepes were undercooked and basically soft pancakes. Not to mention she got the order completely wrong. There are 2 tables outside, one of which 2 kids were snorting cocaine off of their cell phones. These kids appeared to be friends with the girl making the crepes. I believe the gentleman snorting was selling it. I'm 99% sure. The music was so loud in there I felt like I was at a club and the kids working there were geeked out. A friend told me about this place. I live in the area and will not recommend this place to anyone. I get the boot is a party spot and that's cool but come on.   This was June 8th around 11pm.I go to Loyola, and every now and then, I get the craving for a Crepe.  This place is good, but nothing incredibly special.  As mentioned previously, they make money off of drunk college students, since The Boot is right next door.  The prices seem a little unreasonable, considering the amount of food you get.  I am usually still hungry after one.
Service wise, most of the employees are nice, but a few could definitely use a change in attitude.I wish the place I went to was a bit bigger because I felt a little crowded as I waited for the food. I love how you can see how the workers make your crepes. it's nice to watch how they make the thin crepes. I was happy with what I got, which was the strawberry shortcake with Nutella and cream cheese. I would definitely come back to try other crepes they offer.Had the Nutella and bacon crepe! Super yummy! The store was a bit sket but oh well the crepes made it worth it!So the Dan Deacon show had been relocated, for some reason or another, to the Tulane campus. It was in this manner that I had the opportunity to try this place.  
Well, the sweet crepes are not bad, but nothing special.  The savory crepes are basically like big, cheap, nasty deli sandwiches in crepe form. An admirable protein to cost ratio (surely important on a campus), but really a "bit much" for a crepe. 
All of this would be acceptable if it weren't for the fact that both my girlfriend and I started feeling mighty queasy after eating and before the show.  I can forgive your lack of finesse (after all, you would never mistake this place's ambitions for, say, Crepe Nanou's). However, for ruining the show and making my girlfriend sick (still!), I cannot forgive you, Crepes A La Cart.This crepe joint is run by very lazy teenagers. I asked for strawberry jam for my crepe and the guy behind the counter gave me attitude and said that he didn't have anything to serve it to me in. I don't recommend going for their poor attitude and customer service.I sometimes have random cravings for crepes during the night and a quick yelp search directed me to Crepes a la Cart. Decided to give this place a try. This place is a small short on the corner which can easily be missed. They have a large selection of crepes which range from savory to sweet. I decided to order the Greek. 
The Greek: Really delicious and tons of meat and sauce. The crepe is pretty big in size and the texture of the crepe was perfect (crispy edges with chewy center) 
Overall, the service is pretty good and they take credit cards. Only minus is that they always run out of ingredients especially strawberries and bananas. I understand that the shop is small so it's hard to stock up on ingredients which is a bummer. Still a great shop and I like that they are open late. They also have $3 black and gold (nutella + banana) crepe on Sundays to support the Saints!Great crepes! You can pretty much customize it to whatever you're in the mood for. The crepe is tender, not rubbery like some others I've tried. It has good flavor and can withstand savory or sweet accompaniments. Nice job. I would recommend this place for crepes.As a college student I come here a few rimes weekly after going to the Boot. Let it be known that I'm likely to spend more on crepes than on beer. 
At an average $6 a crepe, this empties your wallet fast enough. In the long run, crack is cheaper. (Incidentally, this is why I gave up going here for Lent.)
Bottom line: you're sure to end up with a definite favorite soon enough; mine's the Funky Monkey.(Peanut butter + banana + chocolate chips= edible crack!)my first time here, though i've known about it for years. The smoked salmon was incredibly fresh, good produce, and a delicious dill and chive sauce. I can't wait to go back and try different varieties.  Inexpensive, very good and filling. Big thumbs up!My Mom and I got crepes for dinner from the truck while at the sculpture garden at City Park. They were slammed with orders but were hustling to get everyone's orders out.
I had the crepe Italian with mozzarella, tomatoes and basil. Tomatoes could have been riper but it was very satisfying. Mom had the SBT, spinach, bacon and tomato and gobbled it up so she must have been happy.
I couldn't find a separate listing for the crepe truck vs. the bricks and mortar. The big difference is obviously location and the truck has only a small selection of the full menu.Little place near the school with lots of variety of crepes.  We didn't know it was so small and no seating, so we were outside in the hot sun with the loud construction.  Be prepared to wait, but they taste great.I had no idea we had a crepe place in so close to home. My friend Huy introduced me to this place on night after dinner. It's just something about crepes that makes me love it. Excited to try this place out I could contain my excitement when we arrived.
We arrived on a busy college night. The bar next door was filled with students who were drunk and all. The crepe place is located in a tiny corner next to the bar. There is enough room for about 3-4 people to stand in line and a small bench to seat 2 people comfortable. Three at most but you're squished and bound to make a friend while you're there. 
The menu has so much variety and I found it difficult to decide what I wanted. There's a savory menu for those who might be hungry and want to settle for some ham and cheese. There's fruit, nutella, cheesecake and so much more. I chose something like angel cake my first time, but the angelico sauce killed it for me. My second time was cheesecake and their was globs of cream cheese. I wished it was more spread out in the crepe instead of thrown on in globs. It was unbearable and I had to throw it out halfway through.
I know I will be back to try new flavors until I find a favorite. It's just been two strikes for me however. They do take card though! Which I was happy to find out about, since I rarely carry cash on me.My go to spot for crepes! Very inexpensive and I love how you can watch them prepare it!. I love their extensive menu.. The crepes are always fresh and cripsy! Yummm.Had the nutella crepe from here, and it was a little disappointing. Loaded on too much nutella, and I might as well have just been eating a jar of nutella. A better balance would have been nice.We got into New Orleans late and were starving. This place delivered crêpes to us at midnight, and they were so incredibly good. Like, it blew our minds. I got the Montecristo and my husband got the funky French chocolate thing. You should do this, it will be better than you even imagine.This place is a great hole-in-the-wall type environment. It stays open long enough to relieve some late night cravings. I enjoy going here with some good company because it just fuels good conversation. The place is incredibly small and more of an in and out stop but the inside is simply decorated, somewhat rustic and homemade. The staff is kind and some workers really have a personal style when creating the crepes. It's a show then dessert.
They split the menu into sweet and savory though I usually stick to sweet. If you prefer sweet, I definitely recommend ice cream (+$2) though ask if you can have it in a separate cup to avoid the crepe from becoming soggy. 
When the place is busy, it usually takes a little while though because they only have a few stations and workers.Love these crepes!!! Every single Festival that I attend I MUST get a crepe. I mean how can you not? I always forget that they have the location on broadway. I always get the banana and nutella crepe. The combo is just perfect!!! This spot is extremely small tho I will say that. It is kind of like a grab and go, Customer service is good, and they have 2 tables that you can sit at outside to enjoy your delicious crepe. What more can you ask for as you're trying to chow down your crepe so that the nutella isn't dripping all over your face and fingers!!! Highly recommend. Parking is kind of a pain, free for all--street parking, but hey you gotta do what you gotta do! The crepe is soo worth it!!More than anything I love and crave desserts.  Unfortunately, a lot of places in New Orleans close early.  However, Crepes a la cart is often open late!  Woooo!  With a huge list of options I can always find something to satisfy my craving... chocolate and fruits.... apples and spice... fruits and whipped... something a little more boozey?  Whatever it is, they can handle it.
The crepes are good, and they're served folded and placed into a paper cup kind of thing.  I often pick one up and drive home eating it.  On nights when you would expect there to be college kids out drinking it is often very busy, but I think it is still worth the wait.The crepes are amazingly delicious, and their huge selection saves this from being a 3 star review.  It's a major complaint of mine that there is no place to relax and eat.  Your only option is to snag one of the two tiny bistro tables on the sidewalk, or sit on a bench in front of The Boot bar... either way, you're going to be surrounded by loud and drunk frat boys.  It's a shame, because I'd be happy to pay a few more dollars and have a place to sit while eating.  The savory crepes are stuffed to the brim, and they have so many options.  (New York Schmear with salmon and cream cheese is a personal favorite)  However, they really shine with their dessert crepes.  Tons of fillings, with over a dozen house made combinations that will be sure to please any palate.  Everything on the menu is around the $7 or $8 range, and I'm hard pressed to think of another restaurant with such quality food where I can have dinner and dessert for $15.  The staff is young and hip, but unfailingly polite and friendly.Love these crepes especially for a late night snack! This tiny shop doesn't have the best appearance but they make some good crepes. My favorite crepes to order are the savory ones  - always so filling and delicious. Would recommend to check it out if you're in the Tulane / Loyola area and you're going out to one of the bars near by.I had a very bad interaction with a crêpe-maker. She treated me as if I was a drunk idiot not aware of my own decisions, so she felt the need to force me take an item that I had not ordered. The girl at the register misheard my order and I was forced to take the mistake. Even worse, I'm allergic to spinachI stopped here on a whim as I hadn't eaten dinner and blowing my calories for the day on a sweet crepe sounded like a great idea.
The shop is very small and you'll likely have to wait outside for your order. I kept it simple and got a banana/Nutella sweet crepe. The crepe was actually dyed green for St. Patrick's day which was a fun touch.
All the crepes are packed to go and you get it in a small cone and sleeve almost like an ice cream cone.
It certainly wasn't the best crepe I've ever eaten, but the price and convenience are hard to beat. I would definitely return if I was in the area.The crepes here were pretty decent. I'm not a crepe person, but my friends seemed to enjoy theirs. I mean. They did drive all the way here. The crepes selection was pretty vast to my surprise. My friend had the pumpkin crepe. That thing was pretty good as I took a sampling. His friend had something more simple: butter, sugar, and pecans. It was pretty tasty, but I had the very bottom half so it was full of pecans. There was also a menu for other munchies as well. And btw, the coffee they serve is something very simple, nothing too unique. I asked for an iced coffee, and they literally gave me a Folgers (?) cup with coffee and ice in it. Yup. Very plain indeed. 
There was also a record/hipster store that has records, DVDs, CDs, body jewelry, random T-shirts, and other knick knacks. Think of this store as a Hot Topic with a thrift store vibe to it? Anyway... You won't miss the staircase. It's super colorful enough to not miss. Take a browse after or even during your crepe snack.Great place to eat. Never fails to satisfy me. Large selections of crepes to choose from. Very talented chefs.This is one if my favorite grab & go spots in New Orleans. I've only been a few times, so there's been a different person at the counter each time. Regardless of how annoyed with class or screwed up my hair is, their service is great. Super friendly, relaxed people. Plus they give great recommendations, one person will even make up their own crêpe concoction for you & it's always good. There are a couple tables outside, but I recommend walking over the grass & benches in front of Newcomb Hall. Please step to the side & watch the crepes get made while waiting because it's a very small space. You'll definitely have a wait of there's other customers because there's only one cook, and depending on the shift they might be the only one there. So be kind, considerate,  & enjoy!Dined here last night with my Stonewall kickball team to support Dining OUT for a Cause. There were 4 of us in our group and after speaking with everyone about their experience, I feel I should write the review on behalf of my team. 
Staff: The one staff member working last night was rude and seemed irritated from the beginning. Her music was blaring, hence why every time a customer would speak she would respond "huh!" She absolutely did not want to be at work..I can assure you of that.
Food: The crepes were okay. Nothing special. 2 guests got the Funky Monkey, 1 got the Monte Cristo and I got the Elvis. The 2 that got the Funky Monkey said it was very very rich, yet palatable. The Monte Cristo tasted bland and full of oil. The Elvis was THE WORST. The bacon tasted funky and the bananas were not ripe. Host barely put any nutella on the crepe either.
Ambiance: It is a hole in the wall based on a corner of The Boot bar. What do you expect? Great hours for drunk college kids or you need a late night snack.
Price: Way too overly priced even for vegetarian options. They should consider doing a "happy hour" or something especially during the summer. Probably would not dine here again, only did it for a good cause.Eh.
That's all I think this places warrants, but I'll go ahead and expand. I really wanted to like this joint. Crepes? Next to campus? In! But there's only one type of crepe I think is really worth it. 
First, the savory crepes. Fairly disgusting-the turkey and cheese in particular.The dessert crepes, what most people are going for anyway, are more successful. I've had some of their basic ones and various custom combos, generally with at least one of the following thrown in as a kicker: nutella, chocolate chips, brown sugar, angel food. I usually leave disappointed with these given the price point. I would say the average price of a stock dessert crepe is 6 dollars. This is before a tip. The savory ones cost around 8 or more. If you want to add /nearly/ anything, you'll end up paying an inordinate amount of money for what's usually not a complicated piece of work. Pretty much any ice cream shop or yogurt place in the area is a much better dessert deal. The best thing I've had is the ice cream crepe (turtle sunday). Really hits the spot and isn't as crazy expensive as you'd think looking at other items. 
I'm not bothered by the place itself. Yes, it can be annoying if you're over the age of let's say 22 due to the nearby bar, but your stay will be brief without seating anyway. The workers are usually affable, if a little..."out of it." I do like the music during the brief visit. I've broken out soundhound a few times in there. Basically, if you're stuck near campus and can be satisfied with one of their more reasonably priced stock crepes- give it a go. Being at least tipsy will also enhance this experience.I want to like this place, I really do, but lately it's just not happening.  We live like six blocks away and love a good crepe for dessert some nights.  Lately, though, they've been consistently getting my order wrong.  I want the Heavenly Choc. Delight...choc. chips, angel food cake, Bailey's Irish Creme...I keep getting some BS with bananas, coconut, almonds and choc. chips.  What the hell!  And then they're not even kind enough to correct their mistake with a smile.
If you go, I don't blame you.  But order something simple and make sure you get what you order before you leave.  Otherwise it's crap!Holy taste buds this place is amazing! Thank goodness it is on nolafood and couchster for the lazy crepe lover in me. I never even knew I liked crepes until this place and it has quickly become our Sunday night ritual with The Walking Dead. I HIGHLY recommend the chicken cordon blue; I substitute Swiss cheese instead of cheddar, add tomatoes and extra honey Dijon. Any and all of their dessert crepes are rich and delicious. Worth every calorie!The food here is good.  Not amazing, just good.  I always get white asparagus, spinach, mushroom, and hollandaise sauce.  Mmmm.
No where to sit and eat really.  I wouldn't take visitors here, but it's a good grab-and-go kinda place.Picture yourself post hours of drinking and dancing, possibly barely able to stand, supporting yourself on your not drunk best friend who is regretting that they agreed to take you out for food.
Now picture yourself having just about any craving your little heart desires and that's what you can have at crepes a la cart.
This place is amazing for all nighters be it after the club or because of an all night study date with your physics book.
I have found myself coming back here time and time again because I myself have been known to have a few all nighters with some kind of crazy mental disorder on the brain.
The crepes here are good, not amazing, but good.  It's a tiny little shack but what makes this place the best is the fact that they are hardly ever closed and that's awesome!
I often enjoy a nutella, peanut butter, and banana crepe late late at night and this idea makes my mouth water just thinking about it.
Go try it out, there are plenty of options, so many so that I bet even you can find a combination that will satisfy you!After reading the reviews for this place at the Arts events in Palmer's Park, I was committed to giving it a try. I'd been thinking about Nutella and bananas all month waiting for THAT last weekend.
Wouldn't you know it -- the day before Facebook blows up with reports about how bad Nutella is for you. Whatever. I refused to read it so that I could have one more day of bliss. 
Totally worth it!!So delicious! I order my Uber eats from this place at least twice a week. The delivery fee is high (per Uber) but it is soo worth it! I hope they're receptive to new ideas because I have a few lol. But seriously, the combinations they came up with are delicious. The first crepe I ever tried was not from here and it was so awful. Thin soggy and the filling completely over powered the dough. But these are so perfect I'm so glad I decided to try crepes again with this place because they're my new favorite foodI have been getting crepes here since 2008 and it is always delicious but can be downright indulgent. The crepes themselves are very large and they are generous with toppings but I prefer savory crepes so I cannot comment on the many sweet crepes they offer. 
The shop is very small which can make it feel cramped if there are more than 3 or so people inside and parking can be a pain but somehow I usually find a place within a block. 
Watching them make the crepes is pretty cool and they have the texture of a perfect crepe down to a science. It's just pure buttery and indulgent deliciousness. That being said, because it can be so rich, I don't go here that much but when I do I am always pleased with what they make for me. I also think it is a great idea how they wrap the crepe and place the pointed end into a cone shaped cup then put the rest the beast in a pull-away cardboard wrapper that is made for eating crepes while walking around or even driving (I'm guilty there). 
There are several reasons I am not giving 5 stars. 
First, last time I went there and ordered a crepe I have been ordering for years, chicken with mozzarella and ranch (don't judge) and they were a bit snappy telling me that 'they were sure' that crepe never existed but that if I really wanted it they would 'custom' make it for me. I was just thinking, I have been getting crepes here for years, the turn over rate here seems to be high so they probably did not know about a menu change that happened before they were hired. I wouldn't hold it against them if they did not make such a big deal about making the crepe I requested, it seemed like they were not pleased about making what I wanted. They definitely made that known and I would give 3 starts if the crepe was not so delicious. 
Second, the shop is cramped and I have left before when the line is crazy because they generally only have one person making the crepes so it can take a long time when there is a line. What compounds this is the time it takes them to get the attention of people who need to pick up their crepe. This place is good but I am not going to wait 20-30 minutes to order at a crepe stand. 
Overall a very solid place to get a crepe, and there are 'fancier' crepe places in New Orleans but if you don't want to spend a lot but want a fantastic crepe, this is your place.So many savory & sweet Crêpe options!!! And surprisingly easy to eat on the go -- no forks/knives needed :-) I created my own classic strawberry-banana-nutella... yummmExtremely overrated. Even though a crepe costs nothing to make, they charge more than $7 for just mozzarella, tomato and pesto. Crepes are nothing special, ingredients aren't great quality for the price, and the people working look like they're waiting to leave at any moment. Overall a pretty bad place, would rather buy a slice of pizza next door for half the price.This is literally a little hole in the wall. It is so delicious. The staff was friendly and fun with good tips about the menu. I wanted a sweet and savory but stuck with the florentine chicken. A perfect lunch.Poorly managed and run. Employees are slow and take precedence of packing for their cart rather than start taking or making in house orders. If you go here its likely just out of convenience for the location. If you're hungry and close to tulane, boot pizza is better for the money, and has more than just pizza.  Skip this crepe place and dont ruin your experience.These guys made my night by figuring out alternatives to what was unavailable at the time. I called and was handled over the phone very professionally and it was my fault for not learning the name of who helped me because they were very accommodating and deserve recognition. Thanks again guys you saved the night. XoxoxoxoxoI love crepes a la cart! I do not care much for their food there, but I love their dessert menu. I always order the Nutella and cream with strawberry and banana. It taste good at first until you reach the end where everything falls apart (BUMMED)! Next time I'm going to ask them to put little strawberry and bananas. Overall, good experience, crappy parking space, and a hard to find location.This place is delicious! I live nearby and come all the time when I'm craving something sweet. It's pretty cheap and seems like it's always open. They have a ton of stuff on their menu so it never gets boring or repetitive.Everything was fresh and delicious. An extensive menu to cater to everyone's tastebuds