We definitely loved their Food. We ate there 2 times. We tried several things, my sister is vegetarian and she ordered the poblano and nopal (cactus) tacos, we also ordered tacos al Pastor and tongue, everything was soooo good, that we were craving it and had to come back. This time we ordered the Guacamole tropical and the Tuna Ceviche, this Ceviche was the BOMB, very good!! We also had the tacos but this time we ordered less because  they are not the regular little tacos, they are well serve. Let's no forget the Horchata, it's homemade not like most of the restaurants, delicious. We definitely recommend this restaurant if you really want authentic Mexican food in the French Quarter. Thanks to Morgan for a great serviceI regret that I have but one mouth to stuff with these tacos. We have eaten there 3 times in 4 days. All corn tortillas so gluten is not an issueThe food was really good but the extremely bad service quickly negated that! The server ignored us other than just taking our order and bringing our food. We even had to request a refill of water! She did not stop back to make sure we got what we ordered. We actually had to flag her down to let her know the food was not as ordered. Then to top it off, when we got our bill it included a 20 percent gratuity for a party of two...I've never heard of a place that adds a tip for anything other than larger parties. If you can tolerate the bad service go for the good food. Otherwise spare yourself. Good thing we weren't planning to order more margaritas  since we never really had the chance.Decided to try this place on our last day of being in NOLA, wanted to try something different besides local dishes.  We ordered Mole Enchiladas, Queso Fundido, Taco Sampler and the Quesadilla.  The food was delicious!  Giving them 3 stars because the service was HORRIBLE!! The waitress was very unfriendly and cold.  Took her forever to take our order and once the order was placed we waited 1 1/2 for our food  and when it came out some of the order was incorrect and it was not brought out all at once.  We had to remind the waitress that some of the order was missing. The waitress response to one of the orders being incorrect was "oh the kitchen added onions because they forgot you asked for no onions, you mean you don't want the tacos like that". Any other place would have taken the plate away and replaced with the correct order. Knowing it was Mari Gras weekend they should have been prepared with extra staff.. This establishment automatically adds 20% gratuity to the bill.  I don't mind paying 20%, in this case the service provided did not warrant the 20% gratuity added to the bill.  This place needs to improve on the service they provide to their customers by either hiring extra servers or hiring servers who are more customer oriented.Nice atmosphere, good music.  Not sure if understaffed tonight but 2 waitresses running around like crazy.  Ordered shrimp cocktail and it came out with no avocado.  Had I known this bit of information prior to ordering I would have passed. Asked waitress she apologized by saying they were out of avocado, rice and barbacoa. Wouldn't recommend shrimp cocktail but the tacos were delicious!  Michelada's are great here too.Delightful Queso Fundido, and once again I was wowed by the staff going over and above. The woman behind the bar doubled as the waitress, and did a phenomenal job. Additionally, I accidentally left an expensive keepsake there in a shopping bag and when I called, she had not only saved it, but met me at the door with it. Their staff is wonderful!Very great authentic tortilla soup!!! Must try!!! The tour da Mexico is also a must Try!!! OMGWe came in for drinks and lunch and there was only one other table in the resturant and we waited 50 minutes after ordering drinks for them to come out.
The waitress/bartender (there was only one on staff on a Saturday) continued to make drinks for people that walked in before making ours. 
Our food was ready before we even got our drinks and then the drinks came out one by one. 
The food was good but the service was not.
I don't blame the waitress they should have more staff on a Saturday. 
The margaritas were wonderful once they came out.It took an hour and a half to get our food and we came at 6:15. The server/bartender when asked about getting sour cream and he said a tube of it would be a dollar. I said to him after we had to wait and hour and a half for food, he said yes. "It's made fresh. This isn't Taco Bell." Food wasn't out of this park great. Bartender never asked us if we needed anything else or asked if we wanted another drink. Horrific experience with him.Weird service. Food mediocre. After waiting for about 30 minutes our waitress came to tell us half our orders could not be fulfilled cos  they were out of that dish.  It took us three times to ask for chips. At the end the waitress proudly told is that we weren't charged for the food we didn't get. The food looked attractive but taste wise rather disappointing.We came here due to the great reviews. Let me start with the place is very nice and small. The waitress was awesome! The Margarita's are all hand made which is wonderful! Not the machine stuff. However, we ordered pineapple margaritas but it lacked the pineapple. It was a regular margarita. But Good! The food was subpar the Carna asada was too chewy. On the plus side they give generous portions.The best Mexican restaurant I've ever tried! Amazing Margaritas!! Surely the only cook to order restaurant in the French Quarter. Great job!Attractive decor and food, but need to work on the recipes. Enfrijoladas are my favorite dish elsewhere, but I couldn't finish one of these (on an $18 plate of three). My dining companion had similar experience with his entree. I'd like to see this place succeed, as the authentic nature of the dish selection is evident; but authentic fails with poorly prepared recipes. Good luck. I gave two stars because the guacamole was very good.Good tacos, nachos, avocado, salsa, and crispy chips.  Flavors were similar to street tacos found in south Texas. Will definitely be back! Shrimp and Carne Asada Tacos were amazing.Legit bomb af! Massive nachos that were amazing, definetely two or more can share. Queso fundido was epic! Great service. Would totally recommend.Awesome find in the french quarter! Delicious and super authentic, reminded me a lot of when I used to live in Mexico City. Can't recommend this place enough, especially the chicken tinga and the enfrijoladas. And don't sleep on the homemade tortilla chips!I ordered the mix & match tacos. Let me tell you!!!! They give you so much meat & it's so damn flavorful. mhmm mhmm tasty. It also wasn't crowded which I appreciated.We arrived late in the day and left our hotel in search of groom.  This tiny place was wonderful - house made horchata and chips, sizzling quest fundido and the guacamole was excellent.I had first noticed this place while at the Erin Rose  just down the street. You know how we make a mental note to check out a new restaurant and recall it when the mood for that pops up for whatever reason. There are times when a margarita and some Mexican food seems like the way to go. We have a fair amount of Mexican restaurants here in New Orleans, but noting stands out. 
I was there on a Thursday about 8:30 and the place was empty. Nice little bit of ambience, comfortable if nothing memorable.I decided to sit at the bar as nobody was at any of the tables.  The staff seemed aloof, and not really engaged. Nobody greeted me, or said hello. There was no explanation of the menu, no chit chat...nothing at all. I ordered a Margarita and a taco plate with three tacos. No tortilla chips or salsa was offered to me with my drink, which is pretty standard in Mexican restaurants. 
The Margarita was ok, standard nothing exceptional. The tacos were just awful. The shrimp had no flavor at all, it tasted like sawdust. The actual tortilla had a rubber like chewy consistency. The second was shredded tongue with the life cooked out of it, and no taste to it at all. The third taco was the best of the three, the carne asada had some nice flavor to it, but the taco shell again had that rubbery consistency. 
Each taco had a good amount of stuffing, but just didn't hit the spot at all. Nobody asked me if I wanted anything else, or how my meal was. It was all kind of strange. I was in and out in 25  minutes, and it cost me 20 bucks and a tip, which was reasonable for the amount of food and liquor they served me. 
If the staff was engaging I think  we could of had a good conversation and feedback to help them improve the food. It's a nice place in a good location and they provided good quantity at a reasonable price. Maybe it was just an off night in the kitchen. 
There was other more exotic dishes on their menu. I think this place could turn it around with feedback and supervision. I wondered where the owner was that night and why he or she wasn't there hands on making sure the flavor profiles were correct, and the staff attentive. 
I read other reviews which were both favorable, and some which were not. I tend to give small places like this a second chance. I would like to try some other menu items. I like having a Mexican place within walking distance. The next time the mood strikes I'll roll the dice and hope for better results.It was the worst food I ever had I complained about my dish the waiters like I'm sorry that you didn't like it but I will never ever go to that restaurant When I visit New Orleans the only thing was good was a margarita did not leave a tipVery good food. Taco sampler and Guacamole were delicious. Watch your bill because they added 20% gratuity for 2 people. Probably due to Mardi Gras weekend.after a few days of the wonderful seafood places in new Orleans we figured we would go with something different (Mexican) . this place is near bourbon and near our hotel and yelp says it was good so we tried it.
The food is totally authentic and clearly made to order. We started with the chip and salsa which frankly were blah. So not a great start but what came next turned me into a fan.
My wife always orders steak  (carne asada) tacos and they were very good. I decided to try a mix of 3 tacos. So I had the:
1. shrimp tacos which were as expected and very good
2.  the carnitas which were what pork should be just fluffy slow cooked and full of flavor. I order it a ton at different Mexican places and order pork quite bit at Cuban places. This was one of the best pork dishes I have ordered in years.
3. For my "adventurous choice I ordered the rajas poblanos taco which are poblano peppers, corn some vegies and a sour cream based sauce. Man were those awesome! Next time getting 2 of those and the carnitas as the shrimp were very good but I can get that at other places.
There was so much food that we had a few left over and they were just as great the next day.
There was apparently only one cook that night so getting the food was a bit slow but the waitress was friendly and kept the chips coming so no big deal. Its small place with cool eclectic décor and subdued lighting. The chairs and tables are exactly the same ones that they have in a taco place I went to in Acapulco.
All in all it was a nice experience where I tried something I had never eaten before. Trust me that does not happened often to me. so if its Mexican you want near bourbon try this place.As an avid traveler, I am a huge supporter of new and upcoming restaurants. It saddens me to have to leave such a negative review for this restaurant. 
A business associate and I stopped in last night for a late dinner. It took approximately 15 minutes before our waiter even came to our table. We gave our drink and dinner order simultaneously and ordered chips and guacamole as an appetizer. The waiter was unfamiliar with their own menu. We ordered "fresh limeade" as advertised, and the waiter said he did not know what that was and that it was unavailable. Instead we both ordered water. 
It took over 45 minutes and a gentle reminder before we received our chips or silverware. While waiting for our food, we noticed the table behind us received the wrong food, then had to send the corrected food back to the kitchen because it was cold. Another group of patrons at the bar received the wrong drink order, twice. After an hour our food finally arrived, but we were once again disappointed. We both ordered the enchiladas- one with verde sauce and one with roja sauce. The enchiladas Rojas were cold. The cheese inside and out was not melted, and it was as if they had just simply placed the ingredients within a rolled tortilla and called it a day. The enchiladas verdes were simple, but lacking any distinct flavor. To top off our experience, while paying, we were informed the restaurant only took Visa or MasterCard. 
I can understand this kind of service from a well known and busy restaurant, however there were only 4 groups of dinners within the restaurant, and they are still trying to establish themselves. This place has a long way to go before they will gain my business again.Great hidden jewel! Service was great as well as the food and the specialty fire ball & horchata drink Cesar made us:)We came here due to the great reviews. Let me start with the place is very nice and small. The waitress was awesome! The Margarita's are all hand made which is wonderful! Not the machine stuff. However, we ordered pineapple margaritas but it lacked the pineapple. It was a regular margarita. But Good! The food was subpar the Carna asada was too chewy. On the plus side they give generous portions.The food takes a little long to get served. But it's really good 2 carne asada tacos a guac deliciousThis place had 3 tables in it. 3 tacos from the kitchen took 45 minutes, waiter gave 3 BS excuses...I CAN SEE THE KITCHEN!  Terrible service and the food was not worth having from a fast food restaurant. Taco Bell blows them out of the water.  I work in the quarter and will be sure to turn people from this place. No way is this place going to be around long.This place hit the spot with their wonderful Latin flavors. I went with the 3 taco mixture plate that they have. I chose chicken fajita, carnitas, shrimp. Each taco had their own distinct flavors and toppings which was great! Very close to Bourbon street  tucked away but worth the find. Seating only has a few tables and a small bar area so I'm sure during peak hours or when busy it might be a little hard finding a seat.
It was fairly empty when I went, so service was great. Food came out in a decent time very well plated.Quiet nice place. Away from the crowd on Bourbon if you're trying to grab a late dinner. Plate size are decent and very deliciousHands down the best part of my New Orleans experience. If I could just sleep in my air conditioned hotel, and wake up only to eat here, the trip would have been worth it. I ordered the guacamole special, tortilla soup, and the mix and match tacos (carne asada). They pay such attention to detail and authenticity. Not only was everything beautiful but it was flavorful and perfect. I'm visiting from Los Angeles so I know my Mexican food and this was incredible.Fresh, excellent Mexican cuisine in a quiet, classy atmosphere.  Just half a block, but a world away, from Bourbon Street.  We get plenty of greet Mexican in California and this matches or beats some of the best.Love this place... Food is amazing, open late and Eddie is fantastic and makes the best cocktails! Oh and they are open til 4am...great for service industry people that get off work late.This was some of, if not the best, Mexican food I have ever had. The guacamole and chips are made to order and absolutely delicious! The portions are ample. I took half of mine home and ate it for breakfast because I couldn't wait until lunch time!
The only reason for four stars was the server. She was not neglectful, but could certainly be more friendly and smile.Totally flavorless over cooked steak tacos.  I did two steak and they were just awful.   Sorry you guys missed the mark on this.  This place was also empty, should have been a red flag.Different. Fresh tasting and huge servings but a little dry. I had tacos and unknowingly saved the poblano for last. Big mistake. Sample tgat first and spread it around. It packs a wollop.Stopped by here to share an order or chips and gauc and a couple margaritas with my girlfriend. 
Usually I would order a tradition margarita, but the GF wanted to have the blended fruity type, so we got that in the blackberry flavor. When the bartender brought it to us (and he was extremely friendly) he mentioned that this was made with fresh fruit, in house, all from scratch - and it came through in the flavor. It wasn't that fake flavored syrup garbage that you'd find most places use. 
The gauc was much the same story. A very generous portion, and very fresh. It was well seasoned and well balanced. We were thoroughly impressed. 
Lastly, something that I believe isn't given enough importance, the one gender neutral bathroom was CLEAN! The number of places I go into that are absolutely disgusting is just shameful. So shoutout to the staff for getting this right. 
While we were there, the was one bartender and one cook - and the place was at 75% capacity. They had everything completely under control and it was really amazing to watch. 
I would certainly come back here and recommend stopping by here for a couple drinks and some authentic Mexican food.Archeology was my passion and Uxmal my mistress 
Beneath her ruins the Mayan holy grail waits 
A fiery dragon guards ever over her gaits 
Adorned in the chefs loving art she lies 
And dines at last beneath starry sky's. 
Left Mexico without that grail
Did not succeed but did not fail
But with a fondness for real Mexican food. 
This place is 6 stars! 
Get the dragon drinkMy hubby and I were looking for a little variety past the standard amazing Louisiana Kitchen type foods. We came across Cunada a little whole in the wall Mexican food place. They were super kind and great solid service. 
We are from southern California so our Mexican food is different, but this food has a lot of mole based foods. I was very happy to be eating some pretty solid Mexican food. They had an out of date menu posted on Yelp so I took a photo of the recent one. 
Enjoy!I'm giving them two starts because when I think in tacos I'm really expecting juicy meat not matter the size of the taco. But for my unfortunate they were very VERY dry! I cook, that means also I work in the kitchen and I'm also straight Mexican and I know about tacos and this place definitely failed me. The cooks should taste what they're serving... those tacos for sure needs more love.This place is a hidden gem. Its literally across the street from my hotel. Authentic Mexican tacos. The guacamole was delicious, the tacos were delicious, overall awesome experience. Oh and the music was on point, all my Latin favorites. You definitely need to come here!!I came to this place because it was conveniently located in front of my hotel. I love Mexican food so, why not! 
I was blown away with the food! I can't believe how great EVERYTHING I ate was delicious. The first two times I had the Carne Asada nachos (yes I had to have it twice). Then I had the regular chips and guacamole with salsa and the carne asada quesadilla.
The guacamole was amazing! Savory and fresh and came with pickled red onions! Then the quesadilla was exquisite!!! Warm and very cheesy! Complimented by great pico de Gallo! 
The service was great and very friendly!!! 
I highly recommend this spot! You will not be disappointed at all!!!LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place. The staff is awesome. The drinks are awesome. The food is awesome. The music! The vibe. The salsa is not. It tastes like Marinara sauce. However, they are great about bringing serrano peppers to spice it up. We will definitely be back. Next time, I hope they have salsa as authentic as the rest of the menu. Wonderful spot!My favorire mexican plce so far. The frozen margaritas are extremely delicious and refreshing. Ive tried the passion fruit and mango both delicious depends on hoy tangy you like your poison. My favorite is the jalapeño margarita, but recommended if you like spicy. They are large margaritas too! 
The food is authentic mexican, the tscos are amazing. All types!I lived 20 years in Texas and have been all over Mexico. The food here is *incredible* ... queso fundido was very traditional and basically the best I've ever had. The pastor, tacos, tequila were all excellent! Nachos are great with homemade tortilla chips but you need 4 people to mob it quickly as there's a lot of Tex-Mex queso on top of it. Great flavors and a can't miss if you're in the mood for something different in the French Quarter!Food was so yummy!! Service was really good, as were the drinks! Really nice and cute atmosphere and decent prices! Would definitely recommend for any visitors!I rarely write reviews but this was beyond horrible Mexican food and I was shocked to see it rated as 4+ stars. The staff was friendly. Let's get to the food - the shrimp was hardly shrimp - it was small, most likely frozen, and barely even qualified as shrimp. The carne asada was dry, flavorless, and frankly inedible. The carnitas were good in comparison, if you are aiming to finish a taco. The place is clean, the staff was super friendly, and I wish them the best going forward, but their food needs some help.THIS PLACE WAS AMAZING. I've basically been deprived of a full meal during my time in New Orleans so far and this was the only place I've been able to finish my entire meal, appetizer and beer. The quality of the ingredients was absolutely outstanding and I will honestly come back in my short trip to New Orleans.A gem. Fantastic food. Fresh ingredients. So small, you feel like it is open just for you. Cool exposed brick and neon lights at the bar. But really, it's the taste hat makes this place. I recommend the jalepeno poppers!Went to dinner tonight based on the reviews. Have to say I was not impressed, yes the atmosphere was nice and bathroom was clean, however the statement that this an "Authentic Mexican" restaurant is way off base. Not ONE Authentic Mexican restaurant uses Nacho cheese sauce in their "authentic" Nachos. The cheese sauce was lukewarm but I do have to add the Carne Asada was well seasoned and cooked well.
Free Nachos chips/salsa is a standard in a true Mexican resturaunt but there was a charge for chips/salsa and we were denied a refill to finish the guacamole we ordered. Have to say the guac was fresh but be careful to specify how you want yours made. Too many ingredients are added into it.  Quesadillas there were made with a yellow and white cheese (cant detemine types of cheese) and the bottom tortilla was soggy. Way too many onions, both cooked and raw, on each dish.Really really really good food. The best I've had the entire trip. Be careful because you can walk right past this place. Servers were excellent. The food was so tasty. They have pickled onions that they serve on the side of pretty much everything, they are SO good. I had a taco trio. Carne Asada that was very tasty, a beef fajita that was perfect, and believe it or not...beef tongue that was surprisingly GREAT! Why not go out on a limb and try beef tongue in the big easy?!! The guacamole was so yummy with homemade chips. Did I mention he tortillas are also homemade ?? My gf had a quesadilla and a carne asada taco and enjoyed it. I also had a lime no -alcoholic drink that left me wanting another. Nice clean friendly restaurant. Great place to go that's clean and welcoming...a good change from the bar food and other restaurants that have been there for a while. 
YOU MUST GO HERE. 
Authentic and delicious.Food is affordable but very bland. No spicy salsa options like roasted jalapeños, or Chile de arbol 
( crushed sautéed red peppers with oil ).
Chips are terrible and hard. The tacos are good if they add a little more seasoning. Just don't take it to go because it's going to be too soggy. Guacamole is good.Excellent Mexican food. Best tortilla soup I have ever had. Tacos were very good too. A little quirky to find but then so is everything in the French quarter.Spanish food with a dash of class. Great food at good prices - friendly helpful staff. Well crafted "homemade" traditional meals far superior to Mexican chains. Friendly bar - Try itWe came here due to the great reviews. Let me start with the place is very nice and small. The waitress was awesome! The Margarita's are all hand made which is wonderful! Not the machine stuff. However, we ordered pineapple margaritas but it lacked the pineapple. It was a regular margarita. But Good! The food was subpar the Carna asada was too chewy. On the plus side they give generous portions.Amazing food and service! Guacamole was the best Ive ever had. 3 tacos for 12 bucks! A must-eat place in the french quarter!Cute little Mexican bar tucked away on Conti street in New Orleans. One of the waitresses let us know Cuñada means "sister in law". This was a accident. Went to the place that was SUPPOSED to have crawfish all day but ran out, and stumbled upon Cuñada right next to it. The atmosphere has colorful Mexican skeletons everywhere and the main wall is full of lots of different tequilas. I ordered the ranchero con queso which came with a taco of choice (I chose shrimp) a smaller quesadilla, rice, beans, and fried queso cheese. This was so good. The flavors are perfect. The taco is packed with meat and toppings. My wife also ordered a flaming margarita since it was her birthday and it tasted so good. Definite must try for Mexican while walking around bourbon.My wife and I hit this place because it was close to our hotel. We walked in and there was no one in there. Maybe because it's just off Bourbon St but they've only been there for a few months. The staff was great. The waitress we had was great! We asked about the cheese they use on the nachos and she brought us a cup with chips to sample. I ordered the sample plate which is 3 tacos with what meat you want. I got the chicken and the pork tacos. Each taco was loaded! The pork taco was the best pork taco I have ever eaten. I ask the waitress about how the pork is cooked. The guy who makes the pork told us how it was made in detail. I told them everything was so fresh and the waitress said that's what Eddie(the cook) always says. So if you want the BEST pork tacos, you have to try Fresh Eddie's pork tacos. A great hidden gem in the French QuartersI would go every week to get the bean dip- it's that damn good! The tacos were good also(we had the sampler to share), but they'd actually be better if they put a little LESS meat in them. I know, hard to believe I wrote that, but eat 2 and you've had almost a half-pound of meat. The tongue was the best- so tender!This restaurant was so nice. It was off on the side street from the bourbon street crowd.  Its Mexican food very good.  But the bartender Morgan was excellent to the point we went a second day just for margaritas.  The best one for was passion fruit.  She love making good drinks. The trio tacos was also good. And to make thinks better the chairs are so comfortable to sit in. I love they are open til 4am.   See you soon Morgan tks the Detroit girls.Had a blast there last night. Ate some great nachos, the guacamole was amazing, and whatever that red drink was...wow!
Nice staff, we even got crazy and danced to the Grease soundtrack they were playing. Ha!  Fun time.Great tacos. I had the shrimp and the tong tacos and both were so tasty. Also I like bed the staff. They are open late too.Hands down the best TRUE Mexican food in New Orleans. Sure, you got  few Tex-Mex places, but this is cuisine that can't be matched unless you go to Mexico. Treat yourself to a great meal, great service, and an atmosphere that lets you savor your meal and your company.This restaurant has character and a great atmosphere. I had a frozen mango margarita and my husband had jamica, both were very good. We ordered the queso flameado, pick 3 tacos, and tortilla soup. The pulled pork was delicious!!! As was the flameado. The tortilla soup was a bit spicy and had an earthy taste to it. I found it to be pretty good with a piece of avocado and a radish on my spoon. The taste dynamics worked. I wish they had dessert. The waiter was wonderful but also cooked our meals (Sunday at 4pm) so needless to say he was busy. Still, I really enjoyed the meal, the atmosphere, and the other patrons. Oh and it did not smell like bourbon street.I order chicken enchiladas everywhere I go and these are hands down the best ones I have ever had. I got the enchiladas verde and holy cow. The highest recommendation I can give. I will be back tomorrow for the Rojas. Amazing food. AMAZING guacamole. Wow.The bartenders were very hospitable and make one of the best margaritas I've ever had! We shared a plate of chicken nachos and couldn't stop saying how good they were! The chips stayed crunchy all the way to the end and we enjoyed the addition of rather radish slices!Stumbled across this place after developing po' boy fatigue. Delicious. Hit the spot. Very impressed.Great bartender who makes amazing margaritas! Food was also very delicious and very good selection for Mexican, price was great too.I came in for a Margarita and while my drink was a little on the sweeter side, I enjoyed my time at the bar. They have one of those cool modern juke boxes that you can control from your phone. I'm curious about their food because the menu items looked really good. I will definitely be back to try.Food is ok.  They're understaffed.  Had to flag someone down to finally get a napkin and silverware.  Food was cold by then.  Would have liked another margarita, but no one asked.  Hopefully things will improve here.  I liked the fact that they have a good amount of vegetarian options.When you hear French Quarter, Mexican food doesn't normally come to mind...but this place is absolutely fabulous! The homemade guacamole was some of the best I've ever had. Everything we ate was made with the freshest ingredients and the combination of flavors in the dishes was out of this world. We will definitely be back when we return to NOLA!Fantastic, flavorful food and great drinks! Highly recommend the guacamole. The black bean salsa was to die for and the tacos hit the spot. Yummy margaritas and a great atmosphere. Lucky to have found this place!Stumbled upon this gem on yelp. My daughter (16) and I visited on our last Sunday afternoon in NOLA.  Heavenly food unlike any Mexican food I've had. Reasonably priced. I had the carne Asada taco and she had a quesadilla. We shared the nachos. They have this amazing green sauce and these purple onions that are to die for. Service is a little slow but I'd say it's cooked with passion. Awesome!This place deserves a mention. It's one of those restaurants you stumble upon (all too true this morning at 2am) and vow to return the next day and you DO!
This place is authentic Mexican cuisine and fabulously done. So highly recommend visiting this spot when in the big easy.This place is TERRIBLE!!!!! Sold us nacho cheese instead of fresh queso. Also charged us extra for our drinks. Worst Mexican restaurant I've been to
Go anywhere else but here!The service was wonderful. Our waitress was very informative and welcoming. The food was pretty good but nothing stood out as special. I did enjoy the cheese dip a lot.I recommend the Steak Quesadillas and Cheese Soup. Delicious!! Will definitely be a frequent visitor.I'm from California and I've lived in nola for 3 years and never found real good Mexican food till now! This place is amazing! The food is incredible and the staff is great!Honestly, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone. My friend and I happened to come in because we were short on time because of the parking. From the moment we walked in, it should have been a red flag. Nobody was in the restaurant. The bartender who was also the server was great at first except he never came around. I had to grab our own silverware and my food was ice cold. Luckily, they reheated it, but not before explaining that the cheese in the enchiladas doesn't melt. Sadly, that wasn't point. I don't mind if it doesn't melt, but I do mind eating cold food. Anyways, save your money and find somewhere else to eat... especially in a city where the food is so plentiful!This was a mouth dropping experience. My husband ordered the enchilada soup and the tacos with cheese and sour cream and was told he would have to pay extra for each of those items, ok, no problem.  I order the enchiladas with no sauce on top and a side of sour cream, and am also told I will have to pay extra for the sour cream, again, not a problem.  The waiter comes back and says they cannot put cheese and sour cream on the tacos, WHAT???? My husband decides to then order something else. About 10 minutes later the waiter comes out and tells me that they have to put the sauce on the top of my enchiladas. WHAT??? I  asked if the chicken was cooked in the sauce because then I could have understood but he said no, we just have to put the sauce on top. At this point we ask for the check and decide we will go somewhere else. They then want us to pay for my husbands meal, which is just coming out.  That is NOT going to happen so we pay for the chips ad soup he did eat which was NOT even close to what enchilada soup is anywhere else in the U. S. This was HORRIBLE service and I would never recommend this place. We did leave the waiter a tip as we know none of this was his fault.Really good food, we enjoyed the tortilla chips they were delicious thick cut made in house perfection.  There was a nice tequila selection as well, margs were a little sweet for our taste but overall nice experience.