We walked in off the street, thinking it looked right up our alley.  We paid $50 for two lunches including a BLT.  Both meals were nearly inedible and we ended up having to buy a second lunch elsewhere.Their CHICKEN FINGERS are the best... tender, crispy, and a little kick of spice. Perfect in my opinion!It was ok . The portions were big. They are pretty fast which is nice. The food though seemed not stale but bland maybe is the word, I had the cheesesteak and my friend ordered the wings once he saw mine he asked if we could share the wings were .....well they were just there. In a pinch if you want some food or food delivered and it's late and you don't wanna go out and or just call something for delivery then this  would be a definite recommendation. If your looking to actually go somewhere and have a great NOLA meal I would probably not recommend it.We had this delivered to our hotel from the downtown location on our first morning in the city. It was easier to call and place the order than do it through their online system. Plus the online menu is not as extensive as the main menu! It arrived about 20 minutes later and they were able to bring it directly to our door. They take cash only so be prepared.
The food itself was basic diner food, nothing special. Everyone in my group agreed that it is definitely one of those things you need to eat fresh, cold hash browns and eggs are not really appetizing. I got the egg and sausage biscuit sandwich and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was like 1 step above a McDonalds breakfast sandwich and I was certainly okay with that.
I don't think I would recommend delivery but would give it another shot in person.Oh my gosh, my husband and I just left from here and I can't say enough awesome things. We were seated as soon as we walked in, even with it being busy. AND SO MUCH GOOD FOOD, especially for the price. I got a mountain of hash browns(literally covered almost my entire plate) and they weren't greasy at all. It also comes with fruit, which was a surprise. I was sad because I desperately wanted to finish everything, but I also didn't want to go into a food coma. Husband got the plain Jane omelet with ham and bacon. The eggs were fresh and cooked perfectly, a lot of meat, and the grits were creamy and excellent he said. We'll DEFINITELY be back and will be taking advantage of the 24/7 delivery option.*update* my daughter who actually ate the red beans and rice ended up in the bathroom for a good chunk of the night 
Good Bloody Mary's and fried green tomatoes but that's about it. Probably the worse étouffée I've had(and my daughter felt the same). Sausage, red beans and rice was extremely chewy. It's Cajun fast food that's horrendous over priced!! Never going back.i see in their photos that they seem to prefer yelp so i am leaving my review here, but i will also likely review on my other preferred review site.
i have ordered delivery twice in the last two weeks and not only were the orders 100% correct (even the extra condiments i asked for) they arrived in a very timely manner.  the first was about 15 minutes, the second about 20.  each time they estimated 30 minutes, so i was quite impressed.
on both occasions, the person taking my order was polite and professional and seemed to really care about getting my order correct.  that is largely why i avoid delivery if possible; incorrect orders and it takes so long to get here.  not a problem with daisy dukes.
i ordered bbq wings and fries both times.  the second time i also included a pizza.  the wings and fries are definitely a winner.  the fries especially, with that light dusting of cajun seasoning along with the ranch they send, delicious!
i will be ordering again in the future and am glad to have a restaurant that i know i can count on.Had breakfast. It was quick serves but toast was cold, eggs had water in them & staff not friendly.I hope I'm commenting on the right location, pictures look like the same place. Asked a local recently where to go for a good breakfast. The said Daisy Duke's! It's a bit hidden but once we found it we were glad we did! Huge portions, we could have shared! We both got eggs, hash browns, bacon and toast for $7.95. Very good food. The staff were all very friendly and we actually ran into our waitress at Harrah's later that day! We returned the next morning as well. This time ordered a mimosa with breakfast and it was huge! They also play great music. Only downer is the bathroom was very old and dirty.First time in NOLA and stumbled into Daisy Dukes.  Best gumbo ever!
Tried gumbo in several places. Daisy Dukes was the best, hands down.Best place I have eaten in New Orleans! Best service ever. Food was ok but the service makes up for it! we walked in and were greeted by the server who got our drinks and order and never mentioned they were not open (delivery only for dinner) until we ordered. felt bad but he said he loves to serve. The pancakes were fluffy and great, red beans and rice was  awesome. open 24 hours for breakfast. Definitely going back!Carondolet location open 24/7 with plenty of booth seating. Just a block from Bourbon street on the other side of Canal, it's a great place to end the night or rally for another round of hand grenades and questionable decisions. Came in a group of 10 and were seated quickly. Service was friendly and no nonsense. Our drinks were kept filled and the waitress brought extra napkins without being asked. The chicken wings are a good go-to and come in 6 or so different flavors. I recommend the XXX if you like the burn, the other Hot flavor has more of a vinegar base. The lemon pepper is my personal favorite. Daisy's is also known for their biscuits which are huge, buttery, and are best enjoyed smothered in gravy. A nice way to satisfy that hankering for something rich and indulgent at 3AM. I've also ordered take-out many times in the past. The omelettes are large, stuffed to the brim with tasty ingredients of your choosing (I usually go with their seafood one). Their gumbo and jambalaya is decent and does well when you are in a pinch. Overall, a solid option to have in your back pocket at the end of the night when everything else is closed.I stayed two weeks in new Orleans and ate there about 5 or 6 times . Great place with affordable typical local food and nice service . Breakfast and food served 24/24Great breakfast for $5. Eggs, meat, toast or biscuit, grits or hash browns.  Coffee was good too. Service was Excellent.   Definitely go here for breakfast !!I was actually on my way to the grill next door but couldn't find where to enter, or see if they were open. Someone standing outside pointed to this place and said their breakfast is amazing. Im glad i listened because they were right. I ordered the Seafood Omlet... delicious! Good portions of shrimp and crawfish. The waitress was great as was the manager. Both went above and beyond to make it a good dining experience. I would definately recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans.Exactly what it should be. Inexpensive. Quick. Nice servers. My Cajun omelette was excellent. The hash browns were good. The Bloody Mary seriously spicy in a good Cajun kind of way. Too bad there was no crawfish in it. 
Totally worth it to eat here.I ordered delivery from Daisy Dukes cafe , and lady on the phone , who took my order,  was very nice . I received my order in 15 mins , it was fresh and hot ! Just right amount of seasoning! My whole experience was great ! Definitely will order again.No go!! The food was a big disappointment. The grits was so bland I   put so much salt in them that I was afraid I would have a hypertensive episode and stroke! Who gets breakfast wrong! This place lacks flavorDaisy dukes was Inexpensive,fast,good service, it wasn't very fancy but would recommend.Good God, the food here was amazing! The BEST BREAKFAST ANYWHERE in the US!
Biscuits and Sausage gravy that melted in your mouth, I can't make it that good... Everything else is great, too!Went for breakfast, great for the price.
Hole in the wall, but good food.
Friendly staff.This place is just a regular place. Nothing special about it. The food is mediocre. The staff is nice and friendly. Just wasn't impressed with it. Plus the server forgot to bring one of our food items. Try it if you're in the area and give your own opinion.Got to NOLA on a late flight. This place delivers all night and to your hotel, so was a great find because we were starving. Food is fine, we got the fried seafood combo plate and wings. Batter was on the heavier side, but would probably be great after a late night out on the town after lots of cocktails. Wings were average, "hot" was not that hot for Louisiana. Overall though, a good option for late night eating.Excellent food, like the old pop and mom joints. Loved it! Recommend to friends and family.Had the pleasure of eating food from the take out/delivery. After traveling for 6 hr from Los Angeles to the great city of New Orleans  2:30 in the morning got hot delicious gumbo Thanks Daisy Dukes CafeWe stopped in for a quick drink. The Bloody Mary's are considered the number one in the city. We had a round, and they were very good. We passed on ordering food because the menu didn't look great and he reviews were up and down. Our waitress was very nice as well.Yummy breakfast and we were in early enough to get the early bird special! Bloody Mary was good too. We both got a big ol breakfast. Busicuit was delicious and the pancakes were some of the best I've had. Big and fluffy. Definitely a random last minute decision to go there and we were very happy that we did!24 hr delivery comes in handy. We ordered breakfast from Daisy Dukes Cafe. A breakfast sandwich that was above average. A cheese and ham omelet that was tasty. And an alligator omelet that was unique.Thank God for waking me up this Morning. However, we stopped in Daisy Dukes in the French Quarters for breakfast. What a mistake? According to the waiter the toast just fell on the floor will be back with new toast.  Waiting about 20 minutes and still no toast. Ms. Lisa saw us waiting and save the day.  I have had much much better breakfasts. The Daisy Burger looked good. Not sure how it taste. Thanks Ms. Lisa for everything.This place was conveniently located right across  our hotel.  They offer great breakfast deals for the early birds! I actually liked their breakfast  more than their lunch. They make some good pancakes, and the biscuits were good too. The lunch portions were huge that you have room  to save for later.  The best thing about this place is that they are open 24hrs! This place is small but we never had to wait for a table.
Our waitress was very nice and pleasant. Very upbeat,  and smiling all the time. We had such a good time we came back the following day.The food was okay. I tried the blacken alligator sausage but the advertised fried green tomatoes were out of season.Ordered delivery to my hotel in the area.  Good came super fast.  Was still hot.  Great great salad.  Try the chicken Philly!!!!!! It was awesome,  super tasty.Although the delivery seemed super slow (and we were staying 500ft away), I need to be more patient considering we ordered around 3am. My biscuits & gravy and fried green tomatoes were excellent! Hit the spot before my head hit the pillow. I apologize for anyone who saw my haughty and quick-tempered first review....I was just hangry. I'd definitely order again.Good service and nice 2 for 1 on bloody Mary's. Biscuits were delish!  Bacon was meh but I like mine burnt. Definitely worth a tryGreat for breakfast. Get there before 9 if possible to avoid the wait. Concerned about some of the other reviews.  But we had a great experience. We didn't have to wait but about 2 to 3 min for a table arouns 9:15 or so on a Friday AM. BTW - there are 2 in the area.I don't know about the rest of their menu, but I had the pizza with onions, mushrooms, and black olives. It was by far the BEST I have had anywhere! Best crust, melty awesome cheese, amazing. I wish we were staying in LA longer I would have eaten that again tonight! I am defiantly stopping here on the way back! The Caesar salad was awesome too, the lettuce could have been cut smaller but whatever. And the delivery was fast.Breakfast was just okI ordered an egg.omelette that I built myself and I was charged an additional $1 per item added...The omelette itself was $6.95 (cheese only)  my waitress never mentioned that my items added would be an additional dollar each and I ordered 5 additional items on that omelette. It was hot as hell in this place! They keep this place wide open with tables and chairs extending outside of the restaurant. (No ceiling fans be prepared to sweat) if I visit New Orleans again I will probably not come back.24/7 a plus.  One of the few places to grab something to eat when all the other restaurants are closed.   Service is hit and miss.  Two different experiences same night:  1st experience:  waited so long to get seated and hostess was too busy doing nothing and didn't even acknowlege people waiting.  In addition, sign to restroom door read "out of order" so we left.  2nd experience host immediately acknowledged us despite the number of people waiting, sign gone, gave host $20 as he sat us down which tells you there was a signifince in service.  Food average but slim pickings at 4 am!After spending the day and night on Bourbon, we grabbed some random quick sides (red beans and rice, jambalaya, etc) to close out the night.  Service / delivery was quick but the food was not great.  Might need to try them when it isn't the middle of the night.Great deal on early bird breakfast. Quick and polite service, but nothing to write home about. We came for a super cheap breakfast that could get the job done and we were happy walking out.I guess you can eat here. Food is passable.  But service is beyond mediocre. Waiters are easily confused. They have a 24 hour breakfast menu.  I ordered two scrambled eggs with hash browns and toast and pancakes. I barely got one egg served. Pancakes were a late arrival.I was very disappointed with this place after traveling all day and expecting to get a nice warm meal. Instead I got a long wait to get in and to get my flavorless food. I will probably never return. The chef clearly doesn't believe in salt. My hash browns weren't cooked properly, my seafood omelette had no flavor at all. I also had the house wings...other than being cold. The sweet tea is the only thing I can't complain about.I hate to give these guys such a low rating; they were prompt with our takeout and the other food they serve looks amazing... but why all the parmesan? And why must it be hidden in places it has no business being? Have a heart, folks... some people have allergies!
My friend and I got fried green tomato po' boys to go. Naturally I did not expect to find cheese in mine; I mean, who in their right mind would add it to fried green tomatoes? Was I ever wrong. The tomatoes were coated in the stuff. I scraped it off, removing most of the breading in the process, and I thought I was out of the woods... but then I noticed that the house-made sauce with which I'd just drenched the bread was full of it as well. Just.... why?  
Even apart from the cheese, the sandwich wasn't great. The roll had no crunch--hardly authentic for a po' boy.A Hour and 40 minutes for a delivery, for food that was ice cold and terrible. Don't waste your time or money.Fast, accurate delivery to the Ace in the business district! The wings were juicy and delicious, and the chicken finger portions are HUGE. Knocking it down a star because you can def get better po boys somewhere else.This place is awesome if your super drunk or hung over.
It was around midnight when we walked in to one of the few places that was still serving food.  We were quickly acknowledged by a server who was able to seat us immediately. Unfortunately, he did not seat us in his section. :-( He was very attentive and was able to anticipate his guest's needs/wants. Time passed, then we were finally greeted with a bubbly, yet overwhelmed and stressed out server. I sensed that she might have been new, seeing that she struggled at the POS system and noticed the number of "fires" she was trying to put out. (Not literal fires, just mistakes that she had to correct). Between the late night hour, number of guest and how many were intoxicated, I could see this being a stressful situation to someone that is new.  With that being said I'm not holding that against DD, but it slightly took away from the overall experience.  
We both got rail drinks, a shared the alligator po boy and gumbo. BIG mistake! We got a dripping with grease, skinny tenders with lettuce sprinkled on top placed. Surrounded in an oversized hot dog bun. I thought the bread could be used to dunk in the Gumbo. Then I realized she forgot the Gumbo. I wish I didn't say anything upon receiving. This was a cup of starchy re-burnt seafood gumbo. Re-burnt meaning it was burned, cooled, then re-cooked and the cooks burned it again.
Now on to the drinks.  WARNING: If you are sensitive to cheap liquor, do not, let me repeat, DO NOT get rail drinks. DD has to be using something cheaper than PoPov. It must be White Eagle or something. With that being said they make their drinks strong. One of the few saving graces.
I thought my partner and I were just being cranky considering how hungry we were after a long day. Flying in late afternoon on Sunday Feb. 26,2017. Then jumping into the Mardi Gras action, by standing in the cold watching the AMAZING parade. So, 2 days later we went back.  
We were seated at the same table as these two other gals. They mentioned we just missed the server that took over 20mins to greet them with water and was told to hold on since the server was not prepared or ready to take their order. They left, very upset and we quickly followed.  
When I go back to NOLA, I have no desire to go back to DD.I've ate here in the past and it has been amazing like 5 stars amazing. Easily some of the best brunch I have had. This time it wasn't quite up to par. This visit the Bloody Mary's were missing the crawfish garnish that they had when I visited a year ago. Although they were still tasty, it took away from the presentation. I realize it's getting late in the season. But overall it was good, we had a group of 11 and they accommodated us well. I ordered the Ribeye steak medium rare. It came out very rare so needless to say I opted to not get sick and just ate my sides. I'm not big on sending plates back. Biscuits and gravy looked great and their po boys looked awesome too.Great 24 he spot with traditional new orlenans fare, but a great breakfast too! Really superb pancakes, great unlimited bloody Mary deal, and New Orleans classics like gumbo and Po Boys. The line to get in moves quick so don't get discouraged.I can't come to N.O. And not stop here. Fast service and great food. Love this place.Just had breakfast and it was Terrible. Our Eggs Benedict had no taste, eggs we over cooked and the plates looked like the cook just threw food on it without caring about how it was presented. The grits even had lumps in it.... Really a place in New Orleans has lumps in Grits... I would not recommend Breakfast at ALL.Worst customer service I had here in New Orleans the waitress was just trying to rush us on our order. While waiting for the food I saw a roach crawling along the wall. One of the worker had to come and kill it and the waitress act like it was nothing. Wish I could remember what her name was but heavily accent with dark long hair. Food was not all that. We were just too tired to leave and walk even more to find a place but I wish we would've just left we barely ate the food and it was just a waste of money there!Excellent place to go have delicious food. I went for breakfast  and had the porkchop, delicious , wife had the seafood ommeltte.  5 stars .Being a Louisiana native I'm pretty tough on restaurants with the Cajun Flare.  I had the shrimp poboy and a cup of gumbo.  The gumbo was good, made with a roux base and andouille sausage.  The shrimp poboy was amazing one of the best I've had.  Loaded with good size shrimp.  Definitely a must when visiting the area.  The atmosphere and service was excellent as well.Great Food & Service. The Alligator Omelette was Delicious. Makes me feel right at home with the country music playing in the backgroundI got the Blackened Catfish Platter for lunch today. Upon first glance, I was super excited about it: nice catfish filet, dark roux gumbo, two slices of fried green tomato, and a biscuit. 
The biscuit was superb.
The catfish was borderline raw. I explained the issue nicely and they complied just the same. I dined on the gumbo and the fried green tomatoes while I waited. The gumbo is labeled as "Spicy" and it was spicy, but cayenne should be used sparingly when making any gumbo. Spice is for flavor, not to overwhelm the taste buds. It was good, but I understand why they serve a biscuit with the dish. The fried green tomatoes have promise. They need to be cut just a bit thinner. When I got the catfish back, it was cooked. It tasted okay. 
All in all, the meal wasn't worth $17.50. 
I've not had the Bloody Mary from this establishment yet. I will go back one day to have it (it's award winning, apparently) and maybe just some onion rings (which looked awesome).
My server was nice and attentive. Can't complain about the service.Excellent food. Open 24/7, best service ever, a real NOLA experience. I highly recommend this place. It's a place the locals frequent, I'm glad we found it. The crab cake Benedict's is an excellent choice for breakfast.This place is AWESOME!  Staff are all so friendly and accommodating.  The food is phenomenal (highly recommend the red beans, jambalaya, fried green tomatoes) the breakfast is yummy (and reasonably priced!) and the Bloody Mary's are quite the creation!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!  It's nothin' fancy...just great food in a welcoming environment.
KEEP UP THE GREAT JOB!!!Ate at Daisy Dukes Café last night. I had he 1/2 shrimp poboy with a cup of gumbo. The shrimp were fried perfectly and the bread was perfectly crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. The gumbo wasn't the best I've ever had but it was good. One granddaughter has a Daisy burger. It was huge and definitely freshly made. The other granddaughter had the best tasting stack of huge pancakes! We went about 7pm and it wasn't crowded. But it was packed at breakfast and lunch!Had the half shrimp po boy and cup of gumbo.  For after midnight on a Monday, it was awesome.  Food was good and everyone was friendly.  Thanks!I only got the biscuits and sausage gravy and a coffee, but was very happy with both. The biscuits in particular were really good. Light and buttery. The order came really quick too, but was freshly made.This restaurant was definitely worth the brief wait outside.  The customer service was excellent and the crawfish omelet with a mimosa was even better!by far the best Gumbo we had in New Orleans. Open 24 hours and a great place to grab a quick breakfast or late night bit to eat. We stayed 3 days and ate here twice. thumbs up on the GumboHaven't ordered in a while. Got lunch delivered while I was at work in the quarter. It took over an hour and it was cold when it arrived. Normally I'd call the restaurant and complain, but I paid cash. And I already waited over an hour. Use to be great for delivery, what happened?This cafe messed up our entire order. We waited an extensive amount of time on our food to only have it given to someone else. After they remade the order, they gave us he wrong order. The lady that took the order was very unorganized and unapologetic. The food is mediocre at best. I wont be coming here again!!!!!Small but very nice looking restaurant.
Ordered: seafood omelet $10.95 , very good ... a lot of seafood in this omelet 
Do recommend this placeIt was around midnight and I was craving a seafood platter! It was awesome! The fried oysters were amazing, so was the shrimp! I was too full to even eat the salad or roll.As a 1st Timer in this part of New Orleans (for the Essence Jazz Festive) we made a stop at this Great breakfast spot. It's small on the inside, but don't let that fool you. The food was great, they used real eggs to prepare the meal, staff was courteous... great price for the amount of food!Just awesome !! Everything was great , we had it delivered to our hotel and it was hot and fresh- def try the fried green tomatoes OMG !!!Breakfast was decently priced for the amount of food you receive and staff was friendly. Only downfall is that they don't split the checks for people at the table.Someone dropped a menu off at work, so we decided to give it a shot. This place has changed locations a few times, and I think I've eaten at most (if not all) of their incarnations.  
I had the fried green tomato (FGT Poboy) with a side of red beans for lunch- what a great lunch special idea! $8.95 -- it was decent and I'd give the place another shot, but I probably wouldn't order this particular combo again.  If I were anywhere else in the world, this would've been great. The tomatoes were beautiful, the portion size was perfect, and the price was right. 
Here's where it fell short for me: 
*The Poboy bread wasn't chewy like French bread is supposed to be. 
*The FGT Poboy came dry with no sauce (no remoulade?!) and barely any seasoning.
*The red beans were runny, not creamy. 
These three things are New Orleans food 101.  I can't recommend a place to my tourist customers unless I know they get the basics right. 
I'm sure this combo would get great reviews from someone from Cleveland, but if your red beans aren't as good as the ones you can get for free on a Monday night at Mardi Gras Zone, then maybe it's time to change your recipe. :) 
Here are the things that rock about this place: 
*Excellent phone customer service 
*Quick delivery (and a hot delivery guy!) 
*24/7 Breakfast (woohoo!) 
*Great menu choices
I look forward to trying something else on the menu :)Good food bad service. Finally decided to try the place and walked in and was told to sit anywhere, every table was dirty and the waitress looked annoyed we asked her to wipe it down. She promptly asked for our order and when we told we hadn't had a chance to look at the menu she stood there until we ordered.   We saw her leave the restaurant for a few and waited for to return to ask refills. Trying to get the check was a drawn out process as was having her come back for the card. I really enjoyed the food but not sure when I'll be back due to service. Also, they could put a lil more effort in keeping the place tidy.Small and busy but worth a stop. I loved the aligator omelette. My server was very attenative and friendly.. Would recommend for sure.I went there today with two friends.  They had the breakfast for lunch and said their meals were okay.  I had the overpriced cheeseburger and "cajun" fries.  It was the most disgusting cheeseburger I had ever eaten but I was so hungry I didn't have much choice.  The fries had some sort of seasoning on top of them - they were nasty.  But I guess they think if they put Tony C's on top of the fries, they can charge $4.50 for an order.  THEN to top it off, it is freaking hot outside - almost 80 degrees, and they didn't have the A/C on.  There is nothing worse than eating disgusting food while you are burning up.  Never. Again.Nice place! Had a line that made us want to reconsider but moved fast. Open 24/7 so that's a plus! Breakfast selections were good with sausage gravy and biscuits, seafood omelette, and a breakfast Sandwich which all were good. Staff was kind and attentive in spite of the crowds.We walked by this place twice a day as we were walking to and from our hotel to Bourbon Street while we were here for 6 days. We have eaten here twice, once for lunch and then once for am early morning breakfast after drinking till 2am. 
There were 5 people in my group both times so we saw 10 different meals. The burgers are fresh made home patties and HUGE burgers that were delicious!! I love pancakes and biscuits and gravy, both were beyond great! Pancakes weren't too thick or too thin and they were  cooked perfect!! 
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for awesome good filling food while here in New Orleans!!The shrimps and grits are the best with a nice mimosa or coffee! Service was great, takes awhile to get a table but truly worthyOrdered online, missed parts of my order. Nice enough to bring the rest back but Cajun fries were missing cheese & no syrup for the pancakes. Both were dry. Jambalaya was good, as well as the fish. Nothing crazy.The friendliest servers in New Orleans made our last breakfast in town memorable.  And the food was great as well.  I had an alligator omelet with grits and a biscuit. Delicious!  When I demurely passed on a second Bloody Mary, she brought me one TO GO!  The drink was indeed a work of art, and we had a great experience to top off this delightful trip to New Orleans.I had the blackened alligator with gumbo and it was just what I was looking for. I got seated right away, and the service was good.Awesome Mimosa and Shrimp Po Boy Sandwich and the Green Fried Tomatoes and fried oysters are delicious. Just love the laid back and neighborhood environment with the local residents. The breakfast delivery service to our hotel was prompt and hot and delicious. Must stop at any of the locations for an affordable meal with great hours and prices. Will visit again March 2018 for my birthday month.