We waited a while try it out to avoid opening issues. Sat at the bar and had a great meal and great service. Only reason we didn't give it 5 stars was that some of the chargrilled oysters, while delicious, were REALLY small. (We prefer small oysters, but these were tiny). Overall, very good.I've been here 5 times since they open this location. The service was awesome both times upstairs by the bar! Our Bartender especially Ashely is the best! I suggest you keep her because she is pleasant and always professional! I've seen the bad reviews but try for yourself!Depressing this is supposed to be a new location of my beloved Deanies. I thought the location would be a benefit, as the drive to Lakeview or trying to park in the quarter are both a hassle. But the building itself has a strange layout and the parking is worse than in the quarter. Our server was young and confused, informing us in advance that this location had smaller portions which would magically somehow be "just as filling". The fries are different and key menu items those. missing. Even the boiled potatoes aren't as good and I could honestly live on those. I guess I see why it took so long to open, but I think this was a mistake. I will stick to the other locations.The worst of the Deanie's. The service was poor. The grizzled battle-ax of a hostess was nowhere to be found when we first arrived. After being seated, it wasn't until after finishing our appetizer of fried crab balls that our drinks finally arrived. I ordered a soft shell crab poboy dressed. I was then asked "what do you want that dressed with? Lettuce, pickle, mayo?" I said "yes, all of it." 
The dry bread, sliced so that the bottom piece was about 1cm thick, arrived with lettuce and a whisper of a rumor of mayo. The bread was so dry that I'm sure that it was left out overnight to dry for pain perdu and someone mistakenly mixed it back into the rest of the loaves. The crawfish bisque wasn't good. It was very bitter like someone had burned the roux but decided to go ahead and use it anyways. The burnt flavor covered up any others that might be present.
The fried seafood was just as good as the other Deanie's in town. If you just had to come here, the fried seafood baskets are good to go, but don't get a damn poboy.Ok food, waitstaff bad , hard time trying to leave, manager came, thought he was going to apologize but no, said it was all my fault my wife has a weak bladder . To many good to excellent restaurants in Nola to go too! NeverMy fiance and I ate here tonight and it was amazing! We're not locals,  the place we're staying was 5 minutes walking distance. Don was our server and he was super helpful on other local bars/restaurants. The food was great, the atmosphere was casual and cozy, and the service was amazing! Would reccomend to anyone in town.I love the coconut bread pudding.  I was there for 4 days and I hit two of the different locations and the food was just awesome at both of them.  That's the positive
I found the potatoes they bring you out a little bland.  I love the red beans and rice but I found the portion size very small.  I almost ordered another side of them.CURRENTLY, sitting in the bar.. 
- ordered barbecued shrimp, oysters and fish, and broiled stuffed shrimp with carrot soufflé and 3 drinks. 
The carrot soufflé was terribly burned. I took a baby bite and asked for a different side of equal or lessor value. CHRIS, the current manager on duty.. told me.. it was their policy and pointed to the board.. that no substitutions are made. I said, even if the customer isn't satisfied? His response, yea, no subs if it's cooked to our specifications; meaning the restaurants specifications. He leaves. 
I turn around to the policy board to read.. and no where does it say substitutions can't be made if the customers taste buds disagree with badly burned or torched food.  
I call him back out.. let him know the policy doesn't read that.. he reads something about not paying in full.. that has NOTHING to do with you replacing a side that tastes like crap. & SURELY, he isn't implying that I wouldn't pay for the ticket. 
He says that is policy and basically I don't have to come back.
He is TERRIBLE for this business, and if that's policy, this Deanie's will not do well. He needs to GO!Deanie's has the BEST broiled oysters in New Orleans -- hands down.  They were served sizzling hot and were seasoned perfectly.  The cheese was melted to a delightful crunch yet the oysters were not overcooked.
Our mudbugs (crawfish) were very good but needed a touch more seasoning.  Generous serving and piping hot.  Yum.  Our other dishes of shrimp po'boys and a seafood salad were terrific.  The salad was loaded with crab and shrimp.
But no five stars because our cocktails were delayed by almost 30 minutes and were served tepid -- not cold.  The service was uncaring and overwhelmed.  Our meal, while delicious, was late to the table and served in waves, not all at once.  Our first bill was wrong and the corrected bill took 20-minutes to be amended and presented again.  Then the receipt took another 15-minutes to process.  Ugh.
In all fairness, it was 2019 Mardi Gras week and the place was packed.  Kudos for keeping the food quality up-to-par, but they should have planned on the crowds and staffed appropriately.Food was real good, service was attentive and the manager was engaged and provided good advice and recommendations for our stay in NOLA. 
We had the Crawfish Balls and Stuffed Shrimp. Very delicious! Also had the catfish and shrimp basket...legit! The drinks were pretty good too.Found this quaint little restaurant by referral, first look is not what I was expecting. This is the "Diamond in the Rough", some of the best service, Chargrilled Oysters were great, a little small though. Ordered the Grilled Chicken Salad, hunt bring your appetite if you order the large, It's HUGE!. I will refer others, and it now is on my be back list.This place offers the best bloody mary. I also enjoyed there charbroiled oysters. The service was good and friendlyMy family visited this location after we tried to go to the one in French Quarter the day before and found it closed! I'd visited the French Quarter one about a year ago and was looking forward to bringing the fam to try the BBQ shrimp. 
We learned that crawfish / crab weren't in season so we couldn't get the boil or the crab gratin - we ended up getting the BBQ shrimp, the seafood gumbo, charbroiled oysters, and a fried mixed seafood basket. 
The waitress forgot two items on our order for some reason so we received the oysters and the fried seafood but then had to wait for a while to get the gumbo and the BBQ shrimp (we reminded her). The food was pretty good, but the shrimp at this location wasn't quite as flavorful as I remembered from last year. Fried seafood was fine (probably wouldn't order again, nothing special), the gumbo was good, and the charbroiled oysters were pretty good. 
I did really like the ambiance and the location - great window lighting for an early lunch and fun to walk around Garden District afterwards!We used to go to Deanie's Bucktown years ago. Tried Garden District location on  Magazine St because our daughters live Uptown. Five of us enjoyed apps and entrees. Our daughter didn't like the salad dressing and asked for another option which she was charged .25!  Incredulous I asked for the manager who gave us a song and dance about "house made" dressings  The most unbelievable issue was that the manager of this entire restaurant did not have the authority to waive .25 and blamed upper management, (a fireable offense in most organizations) rather than make potential repeat customers happy!  Bad judgement! 
Deanie's, Too Cheap to call this a Garden District restaurant. Cheap out on tourists not locals. Disappointing.We had a great meal and a lovely conversation with our server Monica. The food was delicious - the grilled oysters were fresh and light, and the bbq shrimp was great.Vacation time and first time in New Orleans. 
My reason for 3 star is simply for the effort of the staff accommodating to our group of 8. However; aside for that, I was slightly disappointed in the quality of seafood here. My expectations of seafood in New Orleans were higher than the normal expectations. 
We ordered 2 dozens of raw oysters and 4 lbs of crawfish. The overall cost was approximately $85 including tip for a party of 8. Didn't pay attention to the cost. 
The location is nice and very spacious. Nice ambiance.Good service and friendly. I had the seafood combo with deep fried catfish and shrimp with fries. Girlfriend had shrimp basket delicious. Catfish excellent! Red potatoes to start. Onion rings are awesome had a little kick. Highly recommend if your in New Orleans.I literally never leave reviews, let alone bad reviews for restaurants but unfortunately I'm so upset at the moment I feel like I have to . I ate at Deanies yesterday and really had nothing to complain about , but a few hours later I started getting nausea and stomach cramps and still today I feel awful , I 100% have food poisoning. It had to have been from the barbecue shrimp , which tasted fine but that's the only thing different that I had eaten from my mother (who I ate with yesterday .) sorry to have to say this but be careful about dining here , this might ruin my vacation .Wish I had read the other reviews before coming here. Had the exact same experience with the crab being dry, cold, and falling apart. We complained to the manager and said we'd be fine eating the shrimp but we're no longer interested in the crab. Since I had "broken one of the crabs" (I broke one leg when I then realized it was gross) it was their "policy" to still charge me for the whole crab. Don't waste a dining experience at this terrible restaurant.This is the worst food I have ever eaten. I don't post often but it's really horrible.First my review is this place ROCKS. 1st get DC at the bar seats. She was very personal sweet and says it how it is. Which is lovely. BBQ shrimp amazing , crab balls, gumbo all great. Free potato's tasty. Definitely check it out.I was on a date the other day and we ended up here. We ended up leaving before we ever got our food because I saw a manager yelling at an employee in a manner that was not acceptable. It was very unprofessional. More so when she put her bare hands in food that was about to be given to a customer. I was appalled and embarrassed that I brought my date there, and will not ever step foot in that place again. It's sad and I wish charcoal was still there.What can I say??? Perfect NOLA. Sat at the bar as it was a Friday night. Hung out with some cool locals and even picked up their tab cause the service was so great and the food they shared was great.Deanie's is worth a visit, but make sure you go hungry. The portion sizes are huge. For me the fried seafood was too heavy on the breading and it made finishing the combo of shrimp and catfish impossible, but the taste was top notch. 
The dish of the night was the BBQ Shrimp, closely followed by the chicken gumbo and potatoes. 
The only disappointment here was the mandatory 20% tip added to our check due to our party having 6 people. The service was pretty poor. We only had our appetizer plates cleared after we'd finished our entrees, our server only checked in once and our table was full of dirty dishes that left us with no room. 
I'm not a fan of mandatory tipping, although I understand why it happens. However, more often than not it leads to a lower level of service. If the service had of been good, the 20% would be fine. 
Having now dined at both Deanie's and Acme Oyster House, I can confidently say Acme is better. If you're struggling to decide, acme has more or less the same menu but better service, lighter breading on fried food and a better atmosphere.What an...experience
4 of us sat down at the bar at noon on a Thursday. Our bartender/server took one appetizer order (half dozen raw oysters) which we never received, rejected my wife's food order because he was only taking appetizer and drink orders and forgot coffee that someone ordered. He took 3 specialty cocktail orders. One he couldn't make because they didn't have the correct alcohol and the others took almost 30 minutes to get. 
At one point he did drop two bowls of salted potatoes in front of us without explanation, so there's that.
We would have been mad but the situation was so absurd that all we could do was laugh. And the drinks we did get tasted good.My husband and I visited recently during Coolinary.  There were many open tables and we were seated right away. Someone did take our drink order and brought us water. It was a day of extremely hot temperatures but several of the ceiling fans were not operating. We were offered the traditional boiled potatoes right after being seated. I ordered Pinot Noir and was brought Chardonnay. I said it was okay and agreed to drink the white wine. I ordered an appetizer and my husband ordered of of the Coolinary dinner menu. When he ordered oysters he was told that they did not have any. Everything we ordered was delivered at the same time. The gumbo was filled with crab lungs, aka deadman. The crawfish balls were hot and crispy on the outside but inside was raw and runny. The seafood basket was full of fried shrimp and catfish pilled on top of fried potatoes. The shrimp were hot and crisp on the outside, but the batter inside the crisp shell was pasty and obviously not cooked.  We spoke with the manager and were not charged for anything we demonstrated to be unsuitable. We left a large tip for the waitress. 
My reason for writing this long review is to encourage improvement. The location is easily accessible from downtown hotels and the restaurant has a reputation for generous servings of delicious seafood. This restaurant is not delivering a NOLA quality product. We visited because we were hoping to have great food on our last night in NOLA. My hope is that improvements will be made and they will make tourists want to return. Every single item served should demonstrate why dining in amazing restaurants is a reason to return to New Orleans.Oysters are shucked then refrigerated for hours before being served. Not bad but not fresh. Server was pleasant but very poorly trained. A little pricey for the quality of food and service offered.We should've listened to the other reviews. I was interested in the BBQ shrimp pasta, however I do not like shrimp, as it tends to make my throat itchy. I asked the waitress if it was possible to sub out the shrimp for a side of chicken, which was offered on the menu to add to salads or to just not include the shrimp. She seemed very confused and immediately said it wasn't possible because she didn't know how to put it in the computer. I asked for the manager because I assumed they would know the menu better. I was even willing to pay extra for the substitution. We waited for 10 minutes and no manager showed up like we were promised. We ended up leaving without ordering anything.Good food. Good customer service. Good atmosphere. My boyfriend and I got the shrimp basket along with an appetizer and were not disappointed. Just two kids from Texas that love seafood and Deanie's met all of our expectation along with it being on Magazine, I think we just found a new date night spot.Not impressed. Not anything like the French Qtr spot. Had fresh catch , red fish. Underwhelming. Bland salad with some dressing with the consistency of jam. Guy at front who seems to run the place looked miserable. Made me wait at the door for him to clean tables even though I wanted to sit at the bar.Customer service sucks  The Hurricane drink is disgusting and the Manager didn't make it no better Whatever happened to customer is always right I will not returnThe customer service by the manager is horrible.  We did not like the potatoe salad and the manager stated that he will not substitute it and if we wanted to send it back for something else he said we had to pay more because it is posted that they will not replace or substitute it without more money.
Beware, if you dont like something you will have to pay whether you like it or not. "It's posted".There was no one in this restaurant when we walked in, and I can see why. Half of the menu items weren't available and our server didn't seem to know the answers to any of our questions about the food and it seemed like he forgot about us most of the time even though we were the only customers. I had the boiled shrimp and it was okay.If you like the Metairie and French Quarter locations, then you will love this hidden gem. Today was my first time visiting this Magazine location and I enjoyed it. It's not as busy as the other two locations and features an upstairs part as well. The seafood platter and gumbo were both so delicious! The service was good as well. Will definitely be back.Service was horrible.. our server talked the entire time with her coworkers. One of our people never got their meal and when we got the check it was on there. My meal was wrong so I cancelled it and it was still on the check (and on the check at I ordered it) . And they were not busy. We literally were the only people in the restaurant so there was no reason our order was wrong. The 22.51 service change was not deserved for our server. We will never be back and will never recommend to anyone to go.This place was terrible! The food was bad, the service was bad. It was empty when we got there so that should've been a sign. The drinks tasted bad. The servers were fighting, and the managers were incompetent. Our food was cold and the waitress threw it out without telling the cook to make more then just walked out and left. Just don't eat here.Amazing food!  Large portions. Great friendly service. Catfish was so tender. Shrimp perfect.This restaurant is advertised on open table. When you arrive the inform you they are not on open table   The manager stated they do not participate and do not have a computer.  The coolinary menu posted and given has a plate where you can get shrimp oysters and fish.  1,2 or all three. If you order they inform you it doesn't include oysters.   The service is horrible. Staff are rude when questioned about menu and open table.  I would never return.First time to NOLA. We didn't know what to even try in the city. We came across Deanie's which had a great atmosphere, AMAZING SERVERS!!!!, and great food. We shared a variety of things so that we could try more items. The soft shell crab wasn't cup of tea, it's just unique taste that just wasn't for me. The jambalaya, charbroiled oysters, and cat fish were OUTSTANDING!!!!!!! So glad we came it was an excellent time all around. Definitely left with our bellies full and smiles on our face.Nope. The people were very nice and service great...so that's why it's not a 2 or 1 star. The crawfish tasted watered down and like they were boiled for far to long. They were a bit soft. The jambalaya was very dry but the sausage had an okay taste to it. I wouldn't recommend and would not return.First time in New Orleans and this was the first place we decided to check out for lunch. It wasn't too busy when we went so service was generally fast. Our server was super nice and the food was good. I got a shrimp poboy, which was huge. I could only eat half. My sister got fish and chips which she enjoyed. I also love that they serve potatoes with butter instead of bread and butter. I'd probably go again if I'm ever back to visit.Decided to try out Deanie's on Magazine on a Friday night. I don't recommend for larger groups. From the beginning it was apparent that they were understaffed and not many seating options for large groups. There was no one at the host/hostess stand and we had to walk in to find someone. We were a party of 7 and were told it would be a 30 min wait. We ended up waiting for about an hour and a half. There were several parties that came behind us of large and small groups that ended up walking out due to the lack of customer service, no one in the restaurant ever asked to take down their name or party size (and by this time the waiting area had gotten EXTREMELY full). You literally had to hunt someone down.There was one waitress downstairs doing everything from waiting/bussing tables, to being hostess. And we were told there was only one waitress upstairs. The food was just OK. I've experienced better at other Deanie's locations.It was my first time at Deanie's ever. I heard a lot about how great this place is but sadly I was not impressed. We were sat right away but after that We waited about 10 minutes just for someone to bring us the complimentary potatoes and she did not notice we didn't have drinks yet which is a choking hazard, the wrong person could have sued big time. Another 10 minutes go by and we are finally greeted by our waitress. I order a margarita and my friend orders a water, and we place our food order too. It was another long wait for the drinks... My margarita was not good, no salt on the rim, barely any ice so it was warm towards the end, and way too strong, more like a margarita flavored tequila. Nonetheless I drank it, at this point I was just ready to eat pay and leave. The food was not bad but not as great as I've been told. The crabmeat au gratin was really good but that's the only thing that stood out. I will say they were a bit busy so I understand to some extent because I am a waitress/bartender myself but I won't excuse a 20 almost 30 minute wait before even getting water. Especially when we were in the back of the restaurant where every employee came in and out of the kitchen and walked by us multiple times.Unless you appreciate hearing the owner scream & yell 24/7 at the employees & talk down to customers then don't go here. What a despicable place to go. The entire time all you hear is yelling from one lady, the owner. I hope all of those employees run out on her one day. If she wants to be treated with respect she needs to treat her employees with it too. DONT GO HERE.Ok food, waitstaff bad , hard time trying to leave, manager came, thought he was going to apologize but no, said it was all my fault my wife has a weak bladder . To many good to excellent restaurants in Nola to go too! Never go backMy friends and I came here because our airbnb host told us this was a solid place for po boys. We were in town for St Paddys weekend, and wanted to experience all of NOLA. We went right when the block party was happening in the Parisol's area, so the service at this place was decent. The staff was quite overworked, and they were not serving off of their usual menu due to how crowded it was. 
I ordered the shrimp po boy and it was good quality. It came with a lot of shrimp, and it was a lot of food for me - I saved half of it for later. My friends got the shrimp basket and the shrimp in theirs was pretty fresh. The fries were alright - nothing great.
Conclusion: not a bad place to eat, and you probably won't be disappointed with their po boy.Worst service ever. The server told us our food was a hour late because another server stole our food. She was extremely overwhelmed and completely nonchalant. She struggled to recall our order when the food finally arrived. There was food missing from the baskets which was another twenty minute wait. Lastly the check was incorrect and we spent 20 minutes trying to correct the tabSlow service, okay food at best , and we had to stare at a pile of dirty dishes across from us the whole time.We had the best & huge seafood salad! 
Yea!
These folks are efficient with their service and provide Yumiscious food!Terrible experience from the start. Nobody was at the host stand or a sign to notify us about seating. We waiting in front of the open kitchen for 5+ minutes until other guests notified us of the 10 minute wait. It was 10 minutes 20 minutes later as well. There were empty tables from the start. The kitchen was not crazy busy (we can see). The host made himself look busy as more tables opened up and kitchen crew lingered. We were finally sat and it took 5+ minutes to be greeted... service is terrible. Know the location is new but communication matters and service matters.Best Fry seafood !!! 
Love this location ! Hospitality was amazing! 
Just as we say down our friendly waiter greeted us immediately with ice waters and there steamed Potato's. 
Food was amazing!!
TIP: it's worth driving out to this location instead of the busy French Quarter location!Awesome Friend Shrimp. I came here and was not disappointed. The batter of the shrimp was fluffy and also the cocktail sauce is so delicious. Have to be the best cocktail sauce I had.This was the absolute worst dining experience I have ever encountered! DO NOT EAT AT THIS LOCATION. The waiter, although he tried his best, was inexperienced and super awkward. 
We showed up relatively close to closing time, so we were rushed to make an order. We were not allowed to order anymore potatoes because the already halted that operation. ..okay.
We get our beers and immediately dive in head first with our order: 1lb of shrimp, two pieces of corn, and 1 jumbo crab and 1 large crab boil. Done- and we were excited. 
Then the food came out... the crab platter had 4 small/ medium crabs on the plate- not what we ordered. They were also cold; colder than room temperature cold and yet some how extremely over cooked. We're still trying to figure this one out. 
The shrimp was... tolerable and we were starving so we ate those. We cracked open a few crab legs and the inside was brown and just completely fell apart. We told our waiter and he came back and said he's sorry. Then I asked if we were still going to receive the corn we ordered, luckily that was available. 
The end result was us telling our waiter that although he's not the chef, the crab was awful
And we couldn't eat it. So he comes back with the check and says, "um... our manager doesn't offer any discounts or anything."  So we had to pay for the disgusting crab that we didn't eat. 
So if I wanted to eat shit seafood I could have just fished it out of the dumpster myself- but here they serve it for you! 
Go somewhere else. You'll thank me for it laterzJust left. Stuffed crab basket, why? ordered soft shell crabbasket 
Side house salad server "A" asked what type of dressing, blu cheese, didn't have to pay for it since it never came.
Wanted to substitute fries for onion rings, server "A" ok.
I knew it wasn't a side, BUT the ok was ok with me for $2.00 upcharge, not the $7.50, so I'll keep the fries
My wife would have liked cocktail sauce with crab claws, BUT server "A" was busyasked someone else.
Sweet tea, server "A" asked if I wanted a refill, sure, brought back unsweetened, 5 pieces of ice, no lemon
Brought back sweet tea, no lemon, and she seemed inconvienced
Sorry, didn't mention plates piled until the end
4th time at the kitchen, don't know how many times server "A" has served there
Management, work with server "A", or I can suggest everyone go to buck town or quarters.
Of course I left a tip, I know the struggle, $7.00 on $58.00
Server "A" could use a smile also
Yes, name begins with an "A"Some of the best food I've had in New Orleans. Recommended to eat here by our cab driver and I know why! The barbecue shrimp and charbroiled oysters were AMAZING!!! The customer service was spectacular. Will be back for the po boys before heading back home to DC.Slow service..the poor waitress had to go downstairs for each item...so we arrive and were offered spicy boiled potatoes...nice thought but they were over cooked..two of the plates were dirty..one had a black hair on it. The onion rings were really tasty..sadly we waited so long for the horseradish that we requested when we ordered that we had to have the onion rings reheated..oyster po-boy was mediocre..my Bayou salad  had tons of great boiled shrimp and a nice portion of true jumbo lump crabmeat...blue cheese dressing was un- blue cheesy which worked for me... all in all an ok Sunday afternoon meal..but very slow service...very sweet waitress...too taxing to have wait staff run up and down and expect to provide hot food.Ok...I've been wanting crawfish since we've been in New Orleans. That's all I have been talking about. We found the place in the garden district just a few minutes from where we are staying. I was so excited to get a crawfish boil. So when our waiter comes I know exactly what I want to order..."sorry ma'am it's not crawfish season. ". WHAT??? No way!  I've never had crawfish and really had my heart set on finally being able to try some I was crushed. So I ordered the shrimp  boil instead with sausage. I saw they had a crawfish ball appetizer and ordered that too just to make myself feel better. 
The crawfish balls were very tasty. Had a little kick to them and reminded me of crab cakes, just in ball form and with crawfish instead of crab. They were good. 
Well I wasn't disappointed with my shrimp either. The shrimp were huge!!! And there were a lot of them. Great flavor too. I am a seafoodie and I was raised on seafood so I know seafood! These were awesome!  My husband had the barbecued shrimp pasta. It came piping hot and looked very yummy too. He really liked it. They serve potatoes with butter in place of bread. Never seen that before, but I really like my bread so that was not a favorite of mine. Great service and nice dining area. Check out my photos. Great choice for seafood.Had our first meal in NOLA at Deanie's last night. We had the pleasure of being served by DC. She made a great Bloody Mary and suggested a lemonade for my wife which was also great. She helped with the menu and made sure our order was correct. The food was delicious and the service was even better. Thanks DC. We'll be back to visit for sure.Do NOT eat at the Deanie's location on Magazine St. They deserve 0 stars but I had to choose 1 to leave a review.
By far the worst service I've ever experienced. My husband and I went to dinner tonight with two good friends. One friend ordered a dozen charbroiled oysters, which were undercooked and not prepared to her liking. She notified our waitress after eating only one oyster and the waitress then notified her manager. The manager, Chris, lacked every bit of customer service. He told my friend that the oysters are always prepared a certain way and suggested bringing out some butter to "resolve" the issue. My friend declined that offer and sent the remaining eleven oysters back, which were then thrown away by the manager. 
Then comes the time to pay for our meals - of course they charged for the dozen oysters that were sent back. My friend was going back and forth with Chris, who at that point was telling her in an aggressive tone that she was going to pay for the oysters along with the gratuity that was included. She refused. Chris called in their "security guard." I'll call him Sasquatch since he refused to give us his name and doesn't even deserve to be referred to as a security guard. 
Sasquatch came over and we explained the situation at our table. In a nutshell, he said either my friend would pay for the oysters or he'd call the police and told her she'll go to jail. Guess what Sasquatch did? Called NOPD. We sat in the restaurant over an hour after we finished our meals while Sasquatch was "guarding" us and Chris was off somewhere avoiding us. At one point, our waitress even snuck back over to our table when Chris wasn't around and begged us to take $20 from her to cover the oysters and said she didn't know why he didn't remove the oysters from the bill. We all told her we didn't want to take her hard earned money and after all of this back and forth, it wasn't about the money, but how poorly her manager was conducting business and the lack of customer service. 
Three NOPD officers and a Garden District security guard arrived at about 11:15pm (we went to dinner for 8pm). The officers came to our table and we explained to them the issue. Everything else that we ordered had already been paid for with the exception of the oysters. One officer then pulled my friend off to the side so that she could speak to him and the other officers alone. The rest of us got up from the table - you know since we paid for everything else and were finally ready to leave - and then Satchmo began raising his voice telling us we couldn't go with her and we had to stay by the table. 
Sasquatch then formed a barricade to prevent the three of us from going closer to our friend (I have this on video). The officers heard her story, yet again, about how she only ate one oyster and had it sent back and then they looked at Chris like, "Is this a joke?" Chris continued to be very adamant saying that this is their policy... blah, blah, and more blah. The officers took Chris outside to basically tell him he's ridiculous then one came back in to tell us we were free to leave. And no, my friend didn't have to pay for the oysters.
All of this over $20. Way to display customer service, Chris and Sasquatch. You both thought you had some sort of authority - especially Sasquatch - and were proven wrong while looking like complete idiots in the end.We can't decide if we will go back to K-Paul's or Deanie's.  We loved them both.  I guess we will just have to stay in NOLA a couple days longer so we can do both, again.Really good local restaurant we had the shrimp pasta with gumbo and shrimp tacos 
Everyone we came into contact with was really nice and friendly
Really good food
fast service 
Overall great experienceFirst time here, had a server that came from "their other location" so wasn't sure about things on their menu. Not sure how different they are but seemed a lil hesitant. Nonetheless, service was fine. Had some broiled craw fish, BBQ and charbroiled oysters, seafood salad....all great! Good stop for a casual weeknight dinner for us out of towners.Went here to try a traditional New Orleans seafood boil while visiting based on the reviews and we ended up being so incredibly disappointed by both the inedible, old food and repulsive customer service. My friends and I ordered the 1/2 fried seafood platter. More than half of the platter (crawfish, crab, oysters) was complete mush as if leftovers from earlier in the day had been refried and served to us. What was edible, (shrimp and catfish) were so bland and had no flavor. The coleslaw was even disappointing as it was warm and liquidity. When I brought this experience to manager Larry's attention, he was extremely unapologetic and defended the food saying "that's how we make it"! You mean to tell me you refry old food and serve it to customers? In the middle of voicing our displeasure he interrupted saying "are you done yet?". How rude! When we asked him what he would do for us he said absolutely "nothing" and he would just "pass" our experience "along". What does that even mean!? He said they don't "discount food" for taste or in our case freshness too. I would never return to Deanie's and was sure to pass along our experience to our lyft/uber drivers, hotel staff, fellow New Orleans visitors etc and they all were shocked by it all vowing not to patronize this low class eatery.Went to Deanies and it was not busy. I sat at the low top area where you can see the kitchen. Nobody came for about 10 minutes. One guy took my order and a girl that was Sitting next to me order as well. He went to put it in. Maybe 15 mins later she got her order of a side of gumbo. I was like ok cool I got shrimp Poboy maybe it takes longer. An additional 45 minutes passes by. The waiter checked In once and said the kitchen was backed up ... obviously I'm like I can see the tickets (it did not look backed up to me). Once I hit the hour mark, I stopped somebody and he was like Oh I don't even see a ticket for your meal. I got up and left. Long story short: they don't have good management of the kitchen and also nobody was using gloves. so I will passThe worst, unfortunately. Very sorry excuse for food, much less, Louisiana seafood. Food was extremely bland and not cooked well. Not up to standards for even a tourist. This isn't going to stay here long, but if you're reading this, you should skip and go to either Steins or District Donuts. BUT if you're craving seafood, make the treck to Drago's..either in Metairie or the one in the Hilton. You won't regret it!My 17 yr old granddaughter and I researched online to find a place to eat within walking distance from our hotel on Saint Charles in the Garden District.  We spent a good amount of time reading reviews on different places. We wanted to try Louisiana inspired food, especially jambalaya. Our food server was a very nice girl with a friendly smile that answered questions we had about unfamiliar items on the menu. We were given a bowl of small red potatoes shortly after ordering.  I guess as an appetizer, which I had never seen done before. There were small tabs of butter on the plate with the potatoes. Probably 1/2 teaspoon in size. I used a couple on the potatoes, my granddaughter used one. I ordered the jambalaya which came with a large piece of bread, probably the kind used for po' boys, which we split. I used the last tab of butter on the bread and my granddaughter didn't have any more for the half I gave her. There was a man standing near the counter by our table overlooking the cooks and occasionally helping out in random ways in the restaurant. He was dressed in a nice dark colored shirt and black slacks which gave me the impression that he might be the manager or owner?  He came over and my granddaughter asked for more butter. He looks at her and in a condensending(?) tone says "Are you SURE you want more butter?" And pausing for her answer of "Yeah". Then he brought two of the small pats of butter over. And said "Is this enough?" in an unfriendly manner.  The way he asked her, and WHY did he ask her that, felt like an insult. I want an answer on here from management why he asked her that question. The only thing I could think of is he was fit looking and my granddaughter is not. ????
  If that wasn't bad enough, as we were leaving he walks by and I was looking at him expecting a thank you, but only received a glare, so I ended up saying "Thank you". 
Did we do something wrong? Is it because we are white and not welcome?  I don't get it. He made us feel really uncomfortable and unwelcome. Where is the customer service to your patrons?
Update: After reading all the reviews it looks as though Chris is the manager. I called back and asked who the manager was and was told Chris. I asked if he was working that night and was told yes. Reading all the reviews that involve Chris treating customers so horrible, calling the police because they don't want to pay for inedible food they refused to eat, and the police siding with the customers, WHY DOES HE STILL WORK THERE?!  He is either the owner, a friend of the owner, or a liar that threatens his employees to lie for him about these customers that leave bad reviews.
  And the woman who replies to the customer Yelp reviews, apologizing and promising to make a better experience, those look to be empty promises.Huge portions and delicious seafood. Many options for gluten free diners, although our server was not very knowledgeable about the menu.Food was amazing , fresh and  prepared wonderfully! Our waitress recommended the grand seafood platter  and it was plenty for a party of six!!! No lie!!! They bring sample appetizers boiled red potatoes and we ordered 2 dozens charbroiled oysters. they were large tasty and oh so good! The lemon drop drink was delicious and topped it off with coconut bread pudding!!!!The service was great, re-filled waters and checked the table. The oyster po boy had nice crispy oysters but I thought they were under seasoned. The portion was huge, most people would probably split one. The gumbo had a good roux but was not memorable in any way.This was such a fun experience and excellent food!  We had the broiled stuffed shrimp, crab balls and crab cheese dip.  Oh my how do you pick!?  But seriously, the stuffed shrimp.   Thank me later.  
Our waitress Kiki was amazing and an even better bartender.  We have been looking for great food in New Orleans since we got here 5 days ago!  We found it and hands down Kiki is the BEST bartender was have got to experience.   5 star!Me and my friends stopped there on the first night we got in for our bachelorette party because it was late and we were hungry. It was also walking distance to where we were staying. It took us a while to get seated (when it wasn't busy) and when we did they didn't give us enough chairs. Then, the same when they brought us plates, silverware and water. The wait time for our food was about an hour and by the time we got it, the food was cold. They also mixed up the drink orders and gave us things we didn't order and didn't bring the things we ordered. The service was slow and our waiter had an attitude. We saw at the table next to us have split checks at the end, and then our waiter said that it's not possible and it's all on one check even though our party was 9 people. I was so disappointed and so was everyone that was with me. 
There's multiple of these restaurants, so I recommend going to those before the on Magazine St, because it was not worth the money or time.The fried Seafood platters were the best tasting seafood on the menu if you're a seafood lover. I had the boiled shrimp appetizer was the best that we've tasted during Essence Festivities. You can get half a pound or pound very reasonable price, the are Extra Large shrimp! The broiled seafood was good also! Don't do the catch of the day Mahi-Mahi my son said that it was not good and very expensive, Over Priced because you pay market price. Overall great place to get your eat on of seafood! Spent less than $100.00 for 3 people for dinner meal!!Waitress was non-existant & my food was COLD.  My cousin's shrimp was not cleaned.  When I asked someone for assistant, he didnt even acknowledge me!  I will never come back here again. The fact that I had to go around the restaurant to find my waitress is ridiculous! NEVER AGAINThis is a tourist deathtrap and is separately owned from the other Deanie's in the city. Management is garbage and so is their food. Can't wait for this place to close and hopefully be replaced by a decent place.Reliable good seafood. It's hard to go away hungry. Char broiled oysters recommended. Jambalaya not so much ... a large bowl of spicy rice. Tastes good but no protein.  Love the garlic potatoes served in place of traditional bread. Incredibly great service by Rah.The service and food were horrible. Chris the manager was rude and condescending when asked about the charge for water when there was a boil advisory in the area. The water should have been complimentary!!! My daughter's jambalaya came out late and last. It was terrible to say the least. There are much better restaurant's In New Orleans to eat at. Avoid at all cost!!!!Unfortunately, had an off night at this Deanie's location.  The gumbo is just not up to NOLA par, and the seafood platter is so-so - also took a long time (almost an hour).  Perhaps they were short-staffed...IDK.   But, prolly not gonna return, like ever.A gentleman from NOLA sat next to me on my flight to New Orleans and he recommended Deanie's.  I was in the Garden District and stopped in for weekday lunch. It wasn't crowded and I was seated right away. Everything looked good on the menu. They are known for their po'boy sandwiches. My friend ordered the po'boy and I got the shrimp basket. Instead of bread, the serve a bowl of boiled potatoes as a starter. Interesting, different, tasty but filling. The portion sizes were gigantic. Two people could easily share a meal. The shrimp was seasoned and fried to perfection. So happy a fellow passenger recommended to me and I will recommend to others. Prices extremely affordable for the amount of food.This was the second time I've been to Deanie's. My first time was 5 stars and this time was a 3-4 so I'll give it a 4. The food is great if you stick with barbeque shrimp or soup/gumbo. The salads are also homemade dressings and very tasty. The service was lacking and so was the presentation. Food probably deserves a solid 4.5! Don't count this place out!Unfortunately I just had one of the worst dining experiences ever. We walked in around 6:30 and although there was plenty of seating downstairs were told to go upstairs. After our arrival, a large private party began to arrive. The private party was not asked to stay in their area instead they began to stand all around the dining room. They then continued to seat diners. The room was so loud that my family could not even talk to each other as the party began to grow and take over the dining room. There was only one waitress that had to take care of 6 tables by herself one of those being a table of ten. There was no one to help her bust tables or run food. And she had to continue to go up and down the stairs to get food. When one table (a friend of the owner) complained that their food was taking to long, I witnessed the owner take the waitress aside and fuss at her. We ordered from the coolinary menu and were able to order a little of each item. Sadly when it came out the food was only mediocre. Our whole experience lasted over two hours, and was so miserable since we couldn't even enjoy the people we were with. The owner refused to come talk to me. The manager came and listened to my frustrations however not once did she apologize and began to make excuses. She said because of the way the restaurant is set up the parties come into the dining room. Well maybe you shouldn't seat diners up there. Secondly she said food often takes two hours to come out. If that is the truth for a restaurant  focusing on seafood maybe I suggest they work on their kitchen staff rather than blaming their waitresses.