Yeah, no.  This place has the worst service.  Was trying to get a quick drink before the cemetery tour.  There were patrons at the bar drinking, so we knew there was someone working there.  When the waitress ignored us, bf tried to get someone's attention in the kitchen.  Bartender came out scowling, "what are you doing???" he said, not meeting our eyes.  "Trying to get a drink," said we.  Asshole would never make eye contact, and kept making rude noises as he walked behind the bar, grabbed a clipboard and stomped back in the kitchen.  As if asking for a drink in a bar was the most ridiculous thing in the world.  Save your time and money, and avoid this place like the plague.  This was February 4, 2016, 9:30 am.  Bar owner, check to see who the bald guy was tending bar.  I sincerely hope it wasn't you. 
We spent over $1000 on food and drinks on this trip.  Too bad for you, your staff is so surly!It's pretty seedy but that only adds to the charm. Breakfast 24 hours a day and you know what, the breakfast is even good if you aren't drunk!
This is the place to go to end your night and stuff your piehole full of fried delights to ward off future hangovers. 
The jukebox in this smoky dive is pretty good too.
Don't expect stellar service. Expect a lot of colorful clientele, stiff drinks and the best friend pickles you've ever had.Bourbon Street was just a little overwhelming for dinner so we went off the main drag and found ourselves here. It was much less busy than the 20 minutes or more wait elsewhere. We were immediately able to sit. Service was within moments. Red beans & rice was delicious. Drinks were fast. The cost was much much less than other comparable places on Bourbon. I would highly recommend!Nice little divey bar and grill. Thanks to Elysia for the drinks. We just stopped in for a one and done. We do have to pace ourselves. Good music. Lively crowd. We'll return.Good simple breakfast for after a night of partying. Staff was very friendly as well. Easy and quick to get to go if staying in a nearby hotel.This dive is a great place for late- night drunk munchies. We stayed at the Holiday Inn and it's just a stumble away. After a few too many on Frenchman St, this place's po'boys hit the spot!This is where you go late at night for crappy bar food, drinks that you won't mind aren't very good, and streetwalkers.  If that't waht you;re looking for, you got it. If it's not, skip it.Amazing breakfast sandwiches and very friendly bartenders. The definition of a dive but if that's what you want then this is the spotRan in to get out of the rain and found the friendliest little dive bar with the best food! The hurricanes were delicious (and strong!), the shrimp po boy was delicious, the French fries were spicy and home made, the atmosphere was fun and friendly and the service was quick! Would def recommend this place!I love Deja Vu. You can chain smoke, drink, people watch, and avoid the sun while you eat your breakfast. Low-key, personable older staff, alright food (burnt coffee) and plenty of characters. The food hits the spot, I usually get a few biscuits and a bowl of the crawfish and corn chowder, and then combine the two. Ending the breakfast with multiple cigarettes, multiple Irish coffees, and a few songs on the jutebox. Occasionally there's people (the Burborn Street variety) causing a ruckus and stinking up the place, but surprisingly not too often.Found this bar during a real late night/early morning hanging out.  I came back during respectable hours to make sure I didn't "over rate" the place due to hunger/hangover effects.  The 2nd visit solidified that the menu is solid.  The staff are friendly and there appeared to be many locals in the place both visits.  I liked this fact, because that made me feel it is a cool place.  
I appreciated the draft selections and the Po-Boys (Fried Shrimp & Catfish) were tasty.  
Pro/Con:  It is a dive bar, so if you are into it - if not - then this will work against your expectations.  
Pro:  Prices are reasonable.  Good service.Today we stopped at this bar & grill to get out of the pouring rain.  We were greeted immediately & had given our drink order within minutes.  We both ordered hurricanes and shrimp po boys. The food was so good. The shrimp were freshly fried and fully dressed.  We could have split the order but I managed to eat the whole thing. We did share an order of French fries and had more than enough for the 2 of us.  Would recommend that you try it out. You won't be disappointed!Love this place! When ya get outta work at 3-4am its nice to stop here. Also you can order anything off that menu at any time of the day.Great breakfast, good service.  Nice location - 1 block off Bourbon St.On Friday I continued my search for the best catfish poboy in New Orleans finding this dive advertising overstuffed poboys. Almost no fish on the sandwich at all the fish also defiantly previously frozen but at least it was cooked all the way overall a disappointing experience I won't go back if I can avoid it.I am a huge fan of a good dive bar which is exactly what this place is.  To set the stage, the 1st day I went (yes, I was in NOLA and ate here twice!) there was a girl sleeping on the bar. Good Times!
I have to recommend the Bloody Mary.  Pickled green beans were a delicious add to the drink. Oh, and our waitress asked if she could have my GF's olive after she finished her drink. Yes people, this is a dive. Set your expectations and you'll love it!
Other Recommendations: get the fried pickles. They are disc cut rather than spears which is my favorite way, but I hardly ever see them this way.  The basket is HUGE and could easily be shared among 4 people.  The gator balls were also very good.  I had to have the crawfish po' boy and it was also HUGE and delicious.
It will definitely be on my list when I return.Great little place off the noise and high priced Tourist places.
Had a roast beef po boy and later returned for the $7.00 sirloin. Very good little steak, well prepared. Nice people, efficient service.We were staying at the Prince Conti Hotel across the way from Deja Vu. It was my mom's birthday and she just fell in love with this bar. We spent a lot of time here and managed to have snacks, breakfast, and dinner. I had the BBQ Pulled Pork for dinner and it was pretty tasty. For breakfast I had their Famous Sandwich which was good but didn't blow me away. One night we had the fried pickles which I thought were pretty good. 
If you are looking for a place off bourbon to get a drink this is it. Deja Vu was low key and everyone on the staff is incredibly nice. I really cannot say enough kind words about how great they were.This place is great for what it is.  We've been a couple of times, and the food is great each time.  We've had their steak special with fries, a chicken fried po' boy, fried dill pickles, and the alcoholic rootbeer.  I was especially impressed with the seasoning on the steak, and we have gone back a couple of yes for the dill pickles.  The waitress was funny and friendly.  I wouldn't hesitate to go back for late night eats.OMG!! 5.99 steak night!   HUGE drinks!  It seemed like a NY Strip, with your choice of salad, french fries, or mashed potatoes with gravy.  Just 5.99 on Tuesdays and Thursdays! The food is a LOT better and a lot more locals eat here.  The drinks-I dunno are like a 5 or 6 count free pour!  I never saw any pimps here, but hell-even pimps need to eat.  It may not be fancy,  but it is better than we thought.  So glad we gave it a try.  See ya next week!This is a classic example of looks can be deceiving, especially in NOLA. I was a true Sunday regular at Erin Rose on Conti for at least a year after first moving to the city and I passed Déjà Vu quite often. It never occurred to me that behind the sketchy looking front lie a true gem. This is an awesome bar to grab good food, a cheap drink, and listen to a great jukebox 24 hours a day. They offer breakfast, po'boys, burgers, bar food, even steak and seafood! If you are stone cold sober and beginning your night I should not have to tell you to go somewhere else for dinner. I would not take my parents out to dinner here, but when you are in the need of some decent food after a certain hour and a certain amount of drinks, consider Déjà vu heaven. Yes, there is smoking in here; it's a bar. The bathrooms are really the only thing keeping this away from five stars. A great find in the Quarter!Great little spot with a very friendly bartender and an excellent Bloody Mary for $5 to wake you up in the morning. They top their bloody Mary's with a little Guinness to cut the acidity and it works amazingly!Ate breakfast here twice because it was inexpensive and close to our hotel. The breakfasts are very good. We recommend the Vu Eggwich - don't let the similarity to the Egg McMuffin fool you, this is actually good. The staff is friendly and competent. It's nothing fancy, but they keep it clean. Entrance is on Conti.The food was good and well cooked, however the waitress did not mention sides were an up-charge leaving me feeling a bit scammed. The staff was drinking on the job making them quite loud and rowdy with one another. While my experience wasn't horrible it could've been easily made better with better customer service. Would not recommend to a close family friend.Dejavu burger is what I had and Its super Dry.. My wife had a veggie and the patty is dry too..
Waiters have no patience... 
This ruins your trip to French quarter..I had the seafood gumbo and it was terrible. I was served cold, hard piece of bread to accompany the gumbo. Don't eat here unless you are drunk!So good. Some of the best and cheapest we had in the French quarter. Nothing fancy but so flavorful. So good we came back twice. Eat like a local, eat here.(+)Turkey burger, 24 hour service, and right down the street from Bourbon Street.  Alligator balls, cheese fries, and not a tourist hot spot (yet) Fabulous! 
(-) Cockroaches (prevalent in the French Quarter), and way too loud music blasting all those  hours.Yay!  This place was a pleasant surprise.  Open 24/7, full bar, breakfast round the clock.   A little divey, with friendly staff that are informal with you and not afraid to crack a joke.  The deep fried pickles were my favorite and of course I went with the turkey club because it's my old standby.  If you are looking for a non-touristy, hole in the wall kind of place with good food, this is it.This is a very, very alright place to eat or take down casual drinks. Had to walk out this morning because the bartender put in the order for the dude next to me and forgot to put mine in while having a total customer count of 4. While handing the guy next to me his omelette, the bartender told me 'sorry, I forgot to finish putting your order for biscuits and gravy in. It'll just be a few more minutes'. Can't bring myself to pay for slop on biscuits I have to wait 30 minutes for.Great place to get food at 2am while drunk. It was nice to be able to sit down in a restaurant. Server was very friendly too!.NASTY food!  So shocked !  Po boy had about 2 tablespoons of pork on it.  French fries tasted like they were fried in the oldest grease!
Late night after hours food!  This is NOT the place.Perfect dive bar-no cocktail menu, no fussy concoctions, just good food.  I had the club and it was so big I had to take stuff out to be able to bite into it.  Service was kind of slow though.Nice bar away from Bourbon. If you like low key and meeting " locals", come on in. Didn't have the food yet, but my Blue Moon was nice and cold. Great stop for getting out of the rain.I came early for breakfast and was not disappointed. It definitely has a divey vibe to it but that's fine with me. My waitress was very attentive but then again I came early. The Nina Simone coming from the jukebox was a nice additionI've had some bad experiences here, living 2 blocks away for 8 years, but I got the Tues/Thurs night steak deal for 5.99, and it was AWESOME! The strip steak was perfectly medium rare and a take-out, and it melted in my mouth! The shoe-string fries were perfect as well. Its tuesday, and I can't wait for Thursday. It was like eating a Morton's for $6.Great dive bar. My simple hot ham & cheese sandwich was great. Hit the spot after several long nights in NOLA. Biscuits & gravy were what we had been looking for.Went here for lunch today and ordered the toast beef po' boy..sandwich was ok but cold and they served fries from McDonalds which would explain the terrible long wait for our food when the place was empty...service was soooo slow and would probably only come back late night since it's open 24/7This place ought to be renamed Deja Vu Dive, because that's what it is.  The waiter was hilarious in his deadpan responses to our questions.  For example, I asked, "How's your gumbo?" and he responded flatly, "No."  I roared with laughter.  He pronounced the fried catfish tenders "okay," so I went with that.  My spouse and one other of our six dining companions chose the only thing the waiter praised, which was the pot roast.  Spouse thought it was "fine," I thought it was bland, and dining companion said she'd had much better, as she licked her plate.  (Now, who the hell goes to the French Quarter for pot roast?!)  My gin and tonic was practically bereft of gin.  The fried catfish was all right.  The accompanying salad of iceberg lettuce and three or four cherry tomatoes, topped with shredded cheddar cheese and paired with a packet of Kraft Italian dressing was warm.  Now, I'm all about a wilted or warm salad on occasion, done the right way, but boys and girls, there is nothing appealing about warm iceberg lettuce.  I will say the cocktail sauce is worth bottling and selling.  It's better cocktail sauce than I've found at some of the more popular and more expensive restaurants in New Orleans.  Yep, that's the ticket!  Market and sell Deja Vu Dive cocktail sauce!OK, after years of frequenting this establishment, it's time for a review. Madam and I first visited a year or so before Katrina and we have been returning on all of our subsequent trips, no matter if staying in a less convenient location, such as The Marigny.
Drink prices are quite reasonable, even more so during their 4 to 6 pm happy hour. The food quality and menu variety are strong, particularly when their full menu is being used. Peak times (MG, FQF, JZFST, etc) offer a reduced selection menu, but other bars/restaurants do this as well in order to speed up food getting to your table. 
Bartenders have always been professional and fast with their service, even during peak times (our last trip being during FQF).
Oh, but what makes this place charming are the other patrons drinking along with you. Will there be someone there to discuss how the Federal Reserve worsened the Great Depression by not increasing the money supply? No. Will there be a stripper hitting a shot or two before going to work on nearby Bourbon Street? Yes. Will there be a cowboy as big as a linebacker wearing a tutu? Uh, yes to that also. Will bartenders and wait staff be here after their shift? Sure. Will bartenders and wait staff be here before their shift? Well, we've seen that too.
All aspects considered, this is the quintessential New Orleans 24/7 bar and I hope that nothing ever changes. See you in December!My brother and I also ate here three times.  80's and 90's music.  The comfort food they serve was awesome.  We really could not get enough of it.  Two breakfasts and one dinner at 10pm.  The french toast and eggs breakfast might be the best we ever had anywhere.  We also had the pot roast which was the bomb.  If your hungry and you want an $8 - $10 meal, you won't be sorry.  Best bar food around. Trust me...Despite the crowd of Mardi Gras, we walked right in and sat down immediately. Our waitress was super sweet and personable. Food came quickly after we ordered it. The Chicken and Sausage Gumbo hit the spot but my Shrimp Po'boy made the experience. Will definitely be back.The De Ja Vu, is an excellent place to eat, has wonderful service, and the morning waitress we had on 2 different mornings, "Worm" was just a sweetheart! They serve the  absolute best breakfast in town, and even more specifically, their French Toast is by far the best I have had in all of my 41 years of life! I am convinced the De Ja Vu must have brought my dear, sweet, Grandmother down from heaven to make it! They have a good selection, and they are very reasonably priced. A must try if you are visiting the French Quarter of New Orleans!Was suggested by a friend. Had a Bloody Mary and a really good omelette. (Borracho something) Tattooed server girl was extremely nice-So I like to take advantage of the Tuesday & Thursday steak dinner special for $6.99  its a good way to save $$ while in the quarter. I really like it. I'd recommend it.So simple and sooooo good! We kept it simple with soup, salad, and a bacon cheeseburger. Best French onion soup I've ever had; truly tasted fresh and homemade. The burger was delicious & cooked perfectly. Excellent late night nosh.Great place for a quick drink and tasty food. They deliver exactly what you are expecting, a plus they were open 24/7, simple dishes nothing too fancy. My wife and I found ourselves coming back multiple times to sit and enjoy the people walking about the street outside.This was my home away from my house (up the street on Dauphine) for the 3  months that I lived in the French Quarter of New Orleans.... kind of a home with madness away from the real MADNESS of NOLA and all of those gutter tramps and street urchins on Bourbon and around Jackson Square.
All the locals come here.... the strip club girls would come in each evening before their shifts for a few courage heart starters... the strip club doormen the same and many of the waiters, chefs and barmen from other establishments frequent this bar each day. Somehow for the most part the bar avoids the real troublesome element found everywhere around the French Quarter and despite some interesting altercations here with local pimps, drug dealers, ignoramuses and hookers the bar is very safe and friendly !
1. Drinks are CHEAP and they even have decent wines by the glass.... amazing that in a dive bar.... they told me I personally drank them out of Chardonnay while I was there... which for the record is a nice Coppola Chardonnay not that piss water Cupcake that every other place in NOLA serves.
2. The bartenders are wonderful people...... 
2a. Eric (Cowboy Hat) is hilarious.... he plays great music on the juke box and is always there with a smile and encouragement when you are down..... just don't bug him the 1st 5 minutes when he starts because he is still asleep !
2b. Joe (9-5 some days and 5pm-1am others - New Yorker) is a 40 something very laid back dude... he loves his baseball, horses and can talk to you about most anything.... He has lived in New Orleans a long time and can recommend the best places to hang be it for food, drinks, music... whatever
2c. Christina - (9-5 most days) is a real sweetheart and for mind one of the best bar tenders I have come across in the 30+ cities I have lived in around the globe......... she has a stable of blokes who come in to chat her up and she handles even the biggest asshole customers (like the scumbag 49er fans who tipped $3 on a $70 tab) with aplomb. I like Christina because she knows everyone who frequents the bar and takes time to get to know you. Even the bar tenders from the 3 Legged Dog, Good Friends, Bauhaus (next door), Absinthe Bar etc say she is the best and take the time to come and see her on their time away from work.
2d. Darryl - very nice guy. I was an absolute asshole to him one night.... I apologized the next and he treated me like an old mate after that.... he usually works the late night shift until the early morn where the most annoying and off the wall customers come in.
Food - I was eating here every day... usually a nice grilled steak or the grilled chook and veggies, most of which ended up in the belly of my spoiled dog who would sit outside in front of the bar most days....... 
The Cajun Omelette is just sensational... possibly the best eggs I have had anywhere. 
The Po Boys are bloody good... really superb !
The chicken fried steak is beaut and despite all those calories is worth the chow down.
I really enjoy the local version of Cajun egg rolls which are a hit with many of the locals.
The only negative for me was that I was constantly ill from all of the smoke in this bar (everyone smokes there it seems except for me) but despite that I spent many hours each day here annoying all of the above bar staff and other patrons.
A special mention to the floor waiters Noelle, Emma and the hot red head Kristen and also the kitchen staff... all good types.This is a simple little place, and it was open when we came in late into town and needed some food and a beer. They were straight up off the bat about being out of a lot of their mainstays, since it was so late, and they'd been busy that day. So our options were diminished, though our appetites were not!
I got the turkey club with mashed potatoes and my sweetie got a mushroom & onion burger, which was the best burger we'd both had in a long time! He didn't even remember to share it with me until he was almost done!! That is how good it was, because he always shares his food with me!
The service was great, and the prices were cheap. The great thing about this place, though, is that we saw the bartender squirt some patrons with his soda water gun!! Hahahaha! they totally were drunk and loud, and it was the funniest thing I'd seen in a while... :-) Great first night in Nawlins!!Great spot for breakfast!  Good food at a good price.  Server was friendly and helpful.  Enjoyed eating eggs and bacon while listening to Jimi Hendrix!Got up late, tired and legs feel like rubber... It was a Sunday game day so it was loud , the football game was on the TV's and the retarded sports fans were yelling and screaming. Besides the stupid sports fans, the place was OK. Had a bar area and about 10 tables and 4 booths. I had steak and eggs , the wife had a chef salad. My food was cooked great, but everything was salty. Bloody Mary was way to salty, salad was huge and perfect!  If your asking by and looking for food, give it a shot. It makes a turd, nothing to write home abouts. The service was excellent! Nice waiter guy.I had the best service of my life here - no joke. It was Jazzfest, about 4 in the morning and our waitress let us know right off the bat she'd worked 20 hours in a row because the other servers failed to show up. She had the whole restaurant to wait on (1/2 full) and looked downright SMOKED. She also said whatever we ordered was going to take a little bit longer than normal because she had to go back and wash the dishes, too because the dish diver quit that afternoon.  She had a lit cigarrette butt in one hand and her voice sounded like she was gargling marbles.  HILARIOUS. We laughed with her, ordered, and when our food came out (not as long as one might think) she brought over an unopened  Jagermeister, sat down at the table with us and all 4 of us (her included) started drinking straight from bottle. I'll have you know she didn't charge us for the Jager. I got so drunk I barely remember leaving the place. 
What did I eat? Who cares? It's greasy dive bar food and you can order a egg sandwich with a jack and coke at 4am. We've been coming here for over 10 years and you can get a 1/2 lb burger for like $6 and a grill cheese for $4. It's the Vu - sketchy, decent greasy food, and good service. If you're at the Vu, you know it's way past your bedtime and you're probably drunk.We were walking around trying to figure out where to eat & stumbled onto this place...good find.
we were seated right away got our drinks & ordered some food. Two of us got the Grilled chicken Po Boy sandwich ....delicious ! In my opinion it was the best po boy sandwich I tried while visiting NOLA. 
My other friend had the Chicken fried steak po boy , really good as well u can get some gravy on the side, just note the gravy is a separate charge its not a lot just 99 cents. the gravy is great for dipping the fries.
We liked this place & decided to come back another night after some late night partying  this time we got some breakfast. 
I had the egg & sausage biscuit , really good ...one of  my friends had the deja vu eggwich good as well & the other girl had a chicken po boy with some fries, very good fries here nice taste with seasoning on them. 
This place is a great find in the area , good service, cheap prices & they are open 24/7  when partying in the area its good to know u can get something other than a not so great pizza slice like I had one of the night's somewhere on bourbon can't even recall the place. 
This place is good decent  cheap food ...if visiting again I would gladly return.The breakfast in this joint was amazing! We cam back three times our last trip. Service is great, the only down side is the place is a 24/7 bar a one morning there were a few left overs from that last night, being very loud.Good for hangover food earlier or late just depends and drinks are decent for the priceSo I order a breakfast burrito with hash browns inside... My order gets to me and I see that those two little boxes and at first I think " okay whatever I'll just opened a burrito and put the hasbrowns inside." then I open my order my hash browns are burnt and greasy. And my egg and bacon is on top of a taco tortilla.. ( as if I don't know the difference between a taco and a burrito) so I call up the restaurant and tell them that my order is all wrong and I want my money back. This man says no and then hang the phone up on me. So I'm like "oh h*ll naw.." so I walk up to the restaurant and talk to the man behind the bar. I repeated myself and he opened up the box picked up the egg taco. Rolled it up and said it's fu$%ing burrito now. (I stared in disgust/disbelief because the tortilla was also very greasy and his hands look real dirty. Like he was allergic to water smh) he threw it away. Then I ask for my money back. And asked him if that's how he treated his customers he said "yes" And he said no refunds so I stood there and called the cops till got my money back. Which I didWe had some jambalaya and it was good. Everything was cheap there, including the Guinness, $4!!  Our first bartender that wasn't awesome in New Orleans.  Just seemed grumpy, not personable.If I could give it less than a star I would. We ordered a tossed salad and a bowl of soup to go. We waited over half an hour and still no food so we left. "Staff" looked like they could care less and the place was dirty and disgusting...while also empty. Should have been a sign. Unacceptable.The gumbo was delicious, our waitress was really friendly. The place however does allow smoking inside and poor ventilation... so if you don't like the smell of cigarette then it's not the place for you.Don't be confused.  This one is NOT a strip club.  (thank god!)  Its a decent bar and grill.  I went twice last week.  I had red beans and rice and beer one night and I had the nachos and beer another night.  Not crazy.  Not full of rowdy drunks.  You can hear yourself speak to your friends.  They have local beers on tap.  Good food.  This is a good place to go.Since moving to New Orleans from Boston, I am familiarizing myself with the concept of bars and clubs staying open past 2 a.m.. Obviously as a newbie to the city I am drinking deeply from the French Quarter's ample cup, and after such indulges one gets a great hunger. 
Deja Vu is aptly named considering the two nights I've ended up here after a night of revelry, I felt like the restaurant emerged from the walls upon being summoned. The service is saintly in their tolerance for drunkenness, although very sassy when crossed. I honestly can't imagine working the morning shift here on the weekends. 
I've ordered/sampled the deja vu omelet, the basket of fries, and the fried chicken tender dinner. The omelet satisfies with all the things you could possibly want, including ham, bacon, sausage, peppers, onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, and cheese. It comes out fresh and not greasy, but be warned most dishes come without sides unless specified in the description. The fries are crisp, and the chicken fingers are well breaded. All around a good find... if I ever find it again...I had the crawfish po'boy.  Not sure what my b/f had but I know he liked it.  I loved the po'boy...the bread was just right and our waitress was really sweet.
I remember my b/f complaining of heartburn, but HELLO!  We're in the south, sugar.  Food aint food if it don't repeat.Okay eatery since we probably enjoyed the place more than any other in the French Quarter. And, we didn't have any drinks beforehand.
Atmosphere      75       Nothing noteworthy
Service             75        Its New Orleans
Food                75        For once, it wasn't salty nor sauce bound
Value                80        I can actually say it was fair
Recommended if you are in the area.This place was a god send. Walking home late one evening from Bourbon Street we needed to take a break and get some much needed food.  To my surprise this place is open and we went on in and had a seat.  They have lots of things on the menu and there is something for everyone even the person who is too drunk but needs something in their tummy. Our sever was very nice and refilled our waters constantly (which was fabulous cause we were all in need of hydration) They do have a full bar as well if you haven't already had enough LOL. And they were stiff drinks too. They have great snack food like fries and deep fried items like onion rings and jalapeño peppers. It really hit the spot and I would have loved to try out their breakfast but I wasn't that hungry it was only 3 AM LOL.  They have music playing and everyone here that night looked like they were having a good time.The first place we stopped after the 16 hour drive to attend Mardi Gras and it was worth it! Here's why: it's not on Burbon street! So you can enjoy a meal without the madness for a while. You can also get an awesome rum punch to start the party.
Last, the food isn't spectacular but it does the job and the joint is open 24-7! 
No complaints here.Deja Vu - killer place to find yourself when in the Big Easy.  My wife and I strolled the streets on a Saturday afternoon, trying to land somewhere just right, when we stumbled upon this place.  Not to be confused with the ratty "Gentlemen's Club" on Bourbon Street, THIS Deja Vu is a great, friendly side bar that makes everyone feel like a local when they walk in the door. Pretty small bar/restaurant, with a few booths and several tables strewn about and a full-sized bar taking up the remainder of the front space.  Like others have mentioned in reviews, the service is fantastic (to translate, it's laid-back and inviting, which is 5-star for a bar to be sure) - the staff are easy-going and attentive enough that it doesn't seem like they're working at all and instead just taking their turns getting food and drinks for friends.  The food is great as well - some of the best red beans 'n rice w/ smoked sausage I've ever eaten, in NOLA or anywhere else for that matter; and the jambalaya is nothing to pass up either.  It's not a "sit down, expect to be lavished with attention" type place, so if you're looking to be pampered, oh boy do you have the wrong place.  But, if you're looking for somewhere to chill and just be absorbed in the "easy-breezy" culture of the region, here's your place.  I'll definitely be hunting this place back down the next visit I make to the French Quarter.  Permanent bookmark status, no question.  Try it - I'll bet you'll like it too.We took a chance and tried the breakfast because our walking tour started here. Great gamble. I had the eggwich and my wife had the classic breakfast. Everything was delicious and made to order. The eggs were seasoned just right and the English muffins buttery and crisp. Would definitely come back and recommend to others to try.I love this place. Very close to the madness of Bourbon street and open 24 hours..What's not to like? My friends and I, plus one annoying person that I do not claim to know came here to eat a few times. We even had our own table, lol. Each time we came in, this one table was always open...so it was by rights "our table" this is by everyone except that one annoying person who can suck wind. The burgers and French onion soup are very good choices.Breakfast of champions no matter where you are how drunk you are coming get an egg which, shot and a beer  a déjà vuLoved being able to walk and get service immediately. Nice atmosphere. Our waiter was very efficient and we had great conversation with him. The food was rather surprising to come from a dive bar.I absolutely love the steak night special Thursday night here! It's only 5.99 Steak with one side. Its a new york strip and I usually get the loaded mash potato's yummy. I love finding good deals and this place is one of them,Awesome Crawfish Po-Boy. Along with the atmosphere and being open 24/7, this place definitely tops the majority of the places I've had a late night dinner at.I really like the omelettes.  And hash browns.  Generous portions and they are a a good value for the money.  Wishing I had eaten here today for breakfast instead of trying somewhere new.Vinnie makes the best bloody's in town! I'm a bartender and pride myself on making the best bloody's... he's got me hands down... I am not worthyGot the fried shrimp po boy and it was delicious!!!!! I ended up docking a star b/c I threw up after eating here. I had only had 3/4 of a hurricane to drink so it wasn't the alcohol.no separate checks! food was cold, and not good! Server was very rude. Would only recommend if you are drunk and nothing else is open.This place was covered in garbage and the staff was very rude to me and my family. I do not recommend what so ever. Rude  service and the food was not my taste. I love bar food but this bar food was god awful to me and my family. Will not return and wish I could get my money back.Went there last night, Halloween after an insane trip back from Voodoo Fest. Hungry. As. Shit. Surprisingly, there are not a huge number of places with late night kitchens in the Quarter but thanks to Yelp found this one right down the street from our hotel. After sitting at the only empty table for about 15 minutes and getting no attention, we asked if we were supposed to order at the bar and the hostess asked if we were getting takeout and acted surprised and annoyed that we were not! However after that all was good. Our sweet waitress took good care of us. Husband's burger was delicious. The onion rings were oh sooooo good, extra crispy and hot. They are the battered type. My turkey club was ok: certainly not the worst I've ever had. Thinking of trying it for breakfast now at 2:00 pm.This is a fun place to go after hours. The first time I went, the bf and I got hungry late at night so we asked some locals where we could get some food and they sent us here. It was pretty busy for 3 a.m. or whenever we stumbled in. I was happy to see they had NOLA beers on tap, as I'd been wanting to try them and even though I was in NOLA, no one seemed to have them on tap. We grabbed burgers to go, and from what I remember they were pretty tasty.
On my more recent visit, we returned here again around 3 a.m. for some post-Bourbon snacks. We'd all had a few beverages (read: we were probably kind of annoying) and were really impressed with how friendly our waitress was. She was patient and happy to help us out. Again, they had a nice selection of beers with NOLA and Abita. This time we also got fried green beans and chili cheese fries. The chili cheese fries were a little too smothered for my taste (I can't even believe I'm saying that, but it's true!) but the fried green beans were delish. Exactly what I needed to sop up some of the hurricane in my tummy. 
Also, I loved the selection on the jukebox; it was lively and fun. When we got ready to leave, our waitress got us the number of the cab. Would definitely come hang out here again late night.I was on a Po' Boy kick for a weeek or so while touring the south THIS was the best catfish po' boy I had. Delicious and fried to perfection. 
Service was excellent and the hang is relaxed and conducive to beer drinking and good timin'  A real New Orleans joint just off the tourist beaten beaded path of Bourbon street.