Took a while to get actual service but once we did I was happy. The gumbo was awesome and loved the chicken & waffles. Friendly staff and right on Bourbon St for good people watching!I would give it 5 stars but I when I look at my rating dispersion I realize I might be a little generous.  While all I had here was Oysters they were spectacular.
Ask for Kentrelle at the Oyster Bar and have him make you the "firecracker."  It will blow you doors off.Let me point out that I do not eat oysters! I have been to this place a couple of times but only because I was with a group of friends.
The food here is good but certainly not the best creole food around. I like the gumbo here it is delicious and not watered down like most of the other restaurants in this city. The crab cakes here were good too!
The service was satisfactory. It wasn't the best I ever had, but it was not as bad as some of the other places I dealt with in the French Quarter. So I guess it was okay to say the least.
One of the other things I like about this place is the unusual amounts of homeless wino's that pass out in front of this place. I kind of understand that this is the norm on Bourbon street. But it is comical to see a bum passed out in front of an upscale place like this. This place is really pricey, but given the fact it is an upscale place on bourbon street I totally understand why.
In short good food, mediocre service, pricey establishment and a magnet for drunks to pass out in front of!Cool touristy place right in the heart of it all.  I loved the fact that people were throwing beads in the restaurant through the windows and that floats were passing by as we ate.  However, the service we received was atrocious.  I'd cut the woman some slack if I saw a doctor's note certifying that she was really mute, but she wasn't sharing.  Her response to us ordering was sighing and rolling her eyes.  WTF?  The good thing was,  I was not here to make friends.  I came here with one purpose in life - to slay a mighty roast beef n gravy Po Boy.  It was just what I wanted and more.  So good.  Sweet potato fries are bomb, too.  Good selection of Abita.  Hush puppies were whatever.  Kinda tasteless and underwhelming.  Bread pudding was amazing.  Overall, the food was a 4+, but the service brought my rating down.  I felt like we got one of the only people on Bourbon St. NOT having a good time.The food here is amazing and our server Geri is one of the best servers I have ever had. The char grilled oysters are a MUST. The reason I gave them 4 stars is because the manager was rude.  Initially we asked if we could move our table so we can see the parade and he responded saying "really? Just for the parade?" He had an attitude and made It seem as if our request was bothersome. Geri was great. Loved her.Great service, great oysters.
All the doors/windows open air to Bourbon St. Nice place for lunch.Catfish, poboys, raw oysters, red beans & rice. Oh my! The food at Desire was too good! My family is from Louisiana and the red beans & rice are almost as good as my grandma's which is great! I will be back to eat here. Seating wasn't bad either.I went to Desire Oyster Bar back in 2/2009 and really liked it.
I had three types of oysters here (BBQ, charbroiled with cheese, and raw).  The BBQ was good (fried with BBQ sauce and blue cheese).Try the Green Bloody Mary!  Creative twist on a classic. Got a delayed kick, but it's a good one.Ate at Desire two times, once 2 years ago and 2 weeks ago. Both experiences were picture perfect. The service is impecable and the food followed in suit. Dont let the fact that its dead smack on Bourbon Street put you off.......Desire is a Jewel....Guaranteed. 
Note: Remember that if youre trying to keep dinner on a budget at Desire, dont order any alchohol......itll run up the tab in a hurry :)Wife and I got the eggs Benedict. I am an eggs Benedict lover (I'll Admit it) whoever first decided to put together poached eggs English muffins Canadian bacon and a creamy leaning sauce called Hollandaise is a genius. This eggs Benedict didn't disappoint. The English muffins was crunchy but not over toasted the eggs were poached perfect the Canadian bacon was done solidly and the Hollandaise a homerun. We also both got grits -- I thought they were great the ride thought a shade bland. I'll go with her assessment as she is from the South and so am a transplant. It is a bit pricey $42 for two but we were staying at the Royal Sonesta so it was convenient.Highly recommended!! Excellent food, great service!! Came to the quarter looking for something authentic. We found exactly what we were looking for and more. The shrimp creole was fantastic! It went great with the local blonde ale. Our waitress, Delores, was an absolute delight. Great overall experience!Stopped in for a late lunch upon arrival. We were famished. Our server was on the case and he took great care of us. Made recommendations regarding menu items and drink suggestions--everything spot on. My oysters were fresh and tasty. The boiled shrimp were incredible--a huge portion and SO fresh. Crab cakes were big and crisp. Loved my cup of gumbo as well. Even though it was hot outside and all the windows were open, it was nice and cool inside due to the many large overhead fans. Go here.The raw oysters were good, although I noticed the shells were dirty.  I'm all for freshness but gotdamn can you wash them?  That weirded me out just a little bit.  The bbq shrimp was great, and very filling.  I don't remember what my fiance had, but he ate all of it happily.  The hurricane was too strong.  I guess this could be a positive or a negative.  Our waiter, poor guy, was in charge of way too many tables and service felt slightly slow and inattentive.  They didn't have a ton of options on the menu, but maybe this is the kind of place that just does a few things well.  It definitely beat waiting in line to get into ACME.  Overall, I'm on the fence about this one, even though I really liked my food.  I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Nola and update my review.Had a blast at the raw bar savoring their terrific bivalves and the local beers. Rodney the shucker is outgoing, informative and an amateur philosopher. Mufaletta was just okay, cold in the middle. Boiled shrimp were just right. Loved their broiled Oysters Desire dish. 
Breakfast next day: wonderful waitress Ruthie took great care of us and picked up on our impaired state from the previous night's revels. Coffee and Bloody Mary's came quickly. She even made up a little fruit bowl for us to take back to one of the slackers in our party. At her urging I went for the breakfast Jambalaya Skillet. Disappointing. Covered in a gloppy sauce, bland and only minimal sausage. Needs to come off the menu.Wonderful experience both times. It can get really busy for dinner but the wait isn't that long. Our lovely waitress gave us free gumbo because we waited a few minutes for her to take our order and man was it good. My favorite has been the crawfish étouffée. But oysters looked awesome too! Can't wait to come back and eat our bread pudding. It was so good that I am reviewing before we are done.As someone from out of town, all I could look forward to was the food. And let me tell you it was a disappointment. I read many good reviews about this establishment. If I could give them no stars I would. Could not run out of there fast enough. Their half peeled shrimp was literal mush. They had absolutely no flavor whatsoever. The shrimp peel was brown, they were probably cooked about a month ago, put in a freezer and served them to me as they thawed. Their jambalaya was further than the truth. It was pasta in tomato sauce with a minuscule piece of chicken. And the fact that I had to pay as I left was bewildering. Not even their mediocre waiters could save, what I would call, the worst dining experience of my life. The only thing that made it worthwhile was when the hostess removed the atrocity that was my dinner and asked "they nasty?"Food was a 3.5 or so, but our server Kiki pushed our rating up to 4.
Oysters on half shell were good (but so damn big!).   BBQ oysters were really tasty.   Turtle soup - solid and spicy.   BBQ shrimp - wife loved it, I thought just ok.Huge oysters when I was there.  Great service!  Had a muffuletta  (half).  It was all very tasty!Service is not their strong point.  The hostess actually walked away from me when she saw me coming over to be seated so that she could get a glass of water for an existing table.  There were only 4 tables in the entire place.... 
It took the waiter about twice as long as it should have to get to my table.  He was very personable and helpful when i ordered.... but it took way too long for him to get my food or to check on me for the rest of the night.  It wouldn't have been a problem if he had been overly busy, but like i said... there were only 4 tables.... and he wasn't the only waiter.
The food was good, but on the pricey side.  I had the crayfish bisque which was delicious, and the crayfish etouffe.  In retrospect, i should have ordered something other than crayfish.  It was good, but i kinda overdosed on crayfish.
I like the atmosphere, but the chairs are very uncomfortable. 
With the frustration of waiting, and the fact that they are a bit on the high side for price, i wouldn't go back unless no other choices were convenient.This place was pretty good. We came here on a Friday evening right before 6. Happy hour was just about to end, but we were able to get $1 oysters on HH. I ordered the jambalaya pasta and my bf ordered a pound of crawfish. It took a really long time to get our food. My food came first before the crawfish and oysters. I was halfway through my meal when the crawfish finally came out. My bf finished the crawfish and then the oysters came out last, a little weird, but at least everything was really good. 
The oysters were fresh, the crawfish was amazing. We really enjoyed how they make their crawfish here. It was seasoned just enough, but you can still taste the freshness of the crawfish and it was super sweet and juicy. We eat a lot of crawfish back in Cali, but having it here in NO, you can't beat it. I also liked my jambalaya pasta as well, it was tasty, but nothing special about it. 
Overall, we had a really good experience. The restaurant is right in the heart of Nolo. So definitely a good place to check out.Decided to come by here based on yelp reviews...it was decent, not a place that wowed me. We ordered the BBQ oysters and the charbroiled oysters - both were good but not out of the world amazing. The charbroiled oysters at ACME are better. I ordered the shrimp carbonara po boy and it was ok. Very large and I couldn't finish it. The hubby ordered a burger and he was happy. It wasn't the best but he thought it was good. The service was fine but it was a pain to get my water refilled. Overall, food was ok...not memorable, I'll forget it when I leave. I would stop by if you're starving and can't wait. If you can, go somewhere else.Tried the char grilled oysters and they were excellent.  The bartender recommended them and she was spot on with that suggestion.  The creole gumbo was good too.  It had a nice little kick of spiciness to it. The bread pudding was an excellent finish for the meal.  If you are on bourbon street this is a good choice for some place to stop and eat.I had the fresh red fish and it was amazing.  The atmosphere was great and our server was awesome.  Make sure you get a window seat.This is the only place I will order shrimp and grits in NOLA!
Great atmosphere, friendly staff reasonable prices.
Gotta try this place.Do Not Eat On Bourbon St....advice from the locals I wish we had before we stopped here.
Would have maybe been a 3 star since the food and service were alright.  Would have been a 1 star if I knew for sure this is where I got food poisoning.  I wish I knew for sure, but I either got food poisoning from here or McDonalds...so i can't be positive but we think that gator slider was not prepared correctly.  We were sick for days.  
Even so, the food was bland, nothing compared to other places we tried.  The service was slow and the place was crowded and just not as nice as other restaurants in the area.The food is good, but the service sucks!    It took them 15 minutes before anybody check on us.   Another 30 minutes before the food arrived.   Servers are rude!One star for location, another for our great waiter, Milton.  No stars for the food.
Our group of 4 decided to grab a bite here around 9pm on a recent weeknight.  Oyster po-boy was bland, over-mayo'd, and served on bread that could've come from the grocery.  Oyster/shrimp po-boy was the same.  The lonely 4 shrimp in the shrimp creole were mealy.  
Sadly, given the location, the drinks couldn't save the place, either.  Mint julep was nearly clear and the Big Easy Lemonade, a house drink, more closely approximated CountryTime with a spritz of grandma's everclear than the menu description.
As we left, we suggested that the folks waiting in line outside check out the po-boy cart behind them.
Milton, however, was warm and accommodating.  Well-played, sir.Service and food were great.  I had the catfish nuggets for an appetizer and BBQ shrimp for dinner.  The shrimp was really good with a lot of garlic an a little kick, plus it was already pealed and ready to eat.Came here for a late night dinner with friends. We shared a half dozen raw oysters and a half dozen chargrilled oysters. Ohhh myyy goodness!! Simply the best bivalves I've ever had...ever! 
While the chargrilled oysters were amazing, I preferred the raw oysters with a squeeze of lemon, a shot of Cajun hot sauce and a splash of cocktail sauce. Outstanding! The staff are awesome and engaging too!I stopped by before a parade and met with my family who were visiting from out of town. Joanna was a great server and we loved the oysters! The place was busy and we waited about 10 minutes for our table. The hostess Jaclynne was very polite and made some great menu suggestions. However, we almost left the restaurant after witnessing one of the other staff members who I can only assume was a manager or supervisor, a black woman with very short hair, verbally accost our hostess in front of guests. It set a terrible tone for the experience and made me not want to stay and eat there. However, jaclynn continued to be kind to us despite being humiliated by the manager in front of our party as well as several guests and  we ended up staying. I felt terrible for the host and how the manager spoke to her in such an abusive and unprofessional manor. I stopped in the next night and enjoyed more oysters and fantastic service by the bartender Michelle and observed no abusive management.Wonderful!!! The portobello po' boy was one of the best I've ever had. A great lunch stop.Went here and was immediately welcomed In and offered coffee. Very nice service from the servers. I ordered some benigets, about five dollars, and they were fresh and delicious. Very nice atmosphere as well, a a wonderful location too. Would recommend this place for any early morning breakfast.First place I stop for lunch in New Orleans, at least a dozen Oysters, usually the seafood gumbo or Etoufee and the shrimp and grits is just the best I've EVER HAD, my Man always has the rattlesnake style pasta its like a Cajun Alfredo with seafood - andoule and linguine.. always to die for. Service always wonderful, Very affordable. LOVE IT.. would eat there 3 meals a day if I could but I only usually make 2 meals a trip there because it drives him crazy cause i ALWAYS want to eat there!!!Oysters on the half shell are giant and delish! Also tried the chargrilled oysters and those might just change your life! This restaurant does not take reservations but they were able to accommodate a group of 10 of us in a fair amount of time on a Tuesday night. Definitely recommend giving this place a try!My first creole experience in louisiana . I ordered dozen raw oysters and my Bf ordered the creole trio. Jambalaya is different here more wet and dark red. I really liked it the sausages in the rice were yum andouille . The gumbo and red beans I didn't care for. My oysters were good they were huge and the sauces were spicy like I like it. The red sauce it comes with is mediocre taste but wasn't too spicy the green jalapeño Tabasco has a real kick to it wasabi a big dash I might add. Overall a 3.5 or almost a4 experienceEverything about this place was wonderful. The waitress was lovely and I loved the architecture. The food was amazing! I had a salad and green beans which were probably one of the greatest things I've ever had before. I definitely recommend coming here. Everyone is so nice! They even brought free dessert because they look so long on our order even though it wasn't long at all! Definitely come here!I don't eat raw oysters by my husband does and this was an experience.  Kntrell and Frankie were the best oyster shuckers that I've seen in a very long time.  I had the New Orleans style BBQ Shrimp and then went onto Fruits De Mer Platter,  My husband ate the oysters and ate the rest, peel and eat shrimp and crab Louie. We also had the alligator and it was delicious.Went to NOLA over the weekend and stayed at the Royal Sonesta. Desire Oyster Bar is one of many restaurants they have on site. We tried the place because it was super convenient and wanted something other than the continental breakfast included with our stay. Even if not staying at the hotel, it's conveniently located on Bourbon street and has an outside entrance for non-guests. Now to the important part: you must try the crab cake eggs benedict. This was sooooo good! Probably my favorite meal while visiting NOLA. We also had the chargrilled Oysters and white chocolate bread pudding. Delish! Price is okay, a little bit more expensive than some of the other spots around but totally worth it.They have some of the best oyster dishes that you can find on Bourbon St.  The boiled oysters were really great.  The other food was good, but not great which is why I only give four stars instead of five.  We had the alligator burger and jumbalaya.   Great service, very little wait for anything.we had the crab Mac and cheese-a must!!-shrimp roumalade, firecracker oysters, crawfish etufee and it was all fantastic!! we will definitely be back, like tomorrow lolGreat Authentic Creole food at a fair price on Bourbon. Tony was our waiter delivering caring  service  with the focus on enjoying vs rushing . Everything was delicious but the BBQ Shrimp is a don't miss ! Especially sopping bread in the sauce ! My family went to Deanies the night before. While it was OK we unanimously agreed Desire was better . 
Great spot I will definitely  return !Its a spacious, clean cafe on Bourbon Street so ideal spot for lunch. 5 stars because the service is friendly and attentive, the oysters are big and relatively inexpensive, and there's a variety of other menu items for those avoiding oysters. Its actually a surprisingly good spot for fish-eating pseudo vegetarians like me.Went on a Sunday night when bourbon st was dead...BBQ shrimp was the best I've had. Cajun shrimp Alfredo was very well seasoned and hit the spot! Bf got the gator burger and thought it was terrible(-1 star). Great decor.I walked down to the Royal Sonesta and went to Desire Oyster Bar.  The place was packed!  I took it a sign of being good, but wrong!  It was not.  I was very disappointed with my meal.
I ordered char-grilled oysters ($9.95) which looked good but were soooo salty they were barely edible.  The oyster were teeny and they also were gritty.  Yuck, just awful.  Then I ordered fried green tomatoes ($8), and they were deep fried...which I normally love...but...No taste but oil and the sauce they served with it tasted like vinegar.  Then crab cakes ($11.95).  They looked good, had lots of crab but were also deep fried!  Taste was not good, I only ate one.  Even, the drink I ordered, my first Ramos Gin Fizz ($8) was not good.  It tasted like a milk milkshake!  I certainly would not return here to eat.   I should have taken a cue from my server Tony when I asked him what was good to eat there.  He asked me, "You mean like a signature dish?"  I said yes.  He said, "Nothing".  Then he laughed and quickly said everything was good.  Wrong!Came here for the Char Grilled Oysters and they are absolutely amazing!!!!! 10 times better than Acme!! Blackened chicken was amazing and the chicken gumbo was to die for! Last but not least the Fried Peanut Butter and Strawberry Jelly sandwich left me speechless!!  The bartender Michelle was amazing and made the best drinks ever! Ask her for a Strawberry Hennesy! It'll change your life!!!Yum yum yum!
Delicious food, great service and a very nice place in the midst of bourbon street. 
We got the shrimp and grits -amazing!! The jambalaya and a hurricane. 
Everything tastes good and service was nice. Definitely worth visiting!Didn't try their oysters, darn. 
I had the shrimp creole and it was tasty, needed some more spice though.  The bread was hot and fresh.  Service was as expected, the table turnover rate is high.  They shuffle people in and out quickly, as most places do on this busy street.  
Gumbo was just ok, a little on the bland side.Food was excellent, but service lacked...several choices and everything tasted great.  Highly recommend the Shrimp  Carbonara PoBoy, large enough to split.  Bread was fresh and so good.Suppose you've been drinking on Bourbon Street most of the evening. Suppose 11:30 pm rolls around and you've hit that point in the night where alcohol has made you think you should eat something... anything... to satiate the growing emptiness in the pit of your stomach. Suppose you decide oysters are precisely what the doctor ordered. Hopefully you find yourself at Desire Oyster Bar.
Me and my two companions crushed two dozen oysters as fast as the gentleman who dare not speak could shuck them. He wasn't much for conversation, but he had a penchant for tossing those meaty morsels to us as if he was slopping the pigs. Slop the pigs he did, as those oysters were gone in approximately four minutes and twenty one seconds flat. 
The oysters themselves were absent of much flavor, but they were MASSIVE. In fact, they were probably the biggest oysters I've ever seen, let alone had the pleasure of slurping down into my gullet. I'm used to smaller, briny oysters of the Pacific Northwest, so maybe that's just it is down in those parts? I don't really know. I don't really care. They were like $30 and they hit the damn spot.Great food great service. My family and I had a great experience. Best oysters in NOLA!!Last time I was here I had the turtle soup (amazing!) and gator burger (not too amazing).
This review however is for the raw Oysters.  I was craving some but Acme Oysters line was too long (as usual).  I decided to give Desire a try.  The oysters here were good but not cleaned as well.  I had a lot more pieces of sand in my mouth and it detracted from the experience.  The oysters also had a different less saltier flavor.  But faster service make this place the next best place for oysters!My first taste of oysters did not disappoint. The wait wasn't too long - the staff kept the line moving by filling up the seats at the bar. When I think of "The Big Easy" I picture a place where you can relax and enjoy your meal, and this place delivered. I was craving some seafood, and the combo platter looked like it offered a taste of everything. The waitress kindly recommended it for 2, and I'm glad she did - the plate was stacked with food. My date and I were starving after a day of travel and wandering the Quarter, and that plate still defeated us. I've lived in the south for the majority of my life and I've had quite a few hush puppies, but I can safely say those were the best I've ever had. Can't offer any advice on dessert as there was no room for it. Definitely worth a return visit!Food ok but expensive , nice atmosphere 
Very clean. Great server 
Giving it three stars as too prices for a quick breakfast and food is just okWhat a fantastic place to step in and watch people. Staff is soooo friendly the Chef Cory came out talked with us. Our server Deloris was amazing. Really was impresses. This is a must stop very underrated....but so fantastic we had the dozen oyster raw, jambalaya and firecracker oysters and 2 hurricanes. Very very good. We were lucky and had a groupon so our food bill wasnt took high.My husband and I were passing through the city from a long road trip, and I have always wanted to try this place out. Well, I have no regrets! The place itself is super clean and chic. The ambience was very warming. And our waitress Laura was the best! She attended us instantly very friendly and with a smile on her face! The food, one word, AMAZING!!! The jambalaya had the perfect blend of flavor and the shrimp and grits were so creamy! I recommend going to Desire as soon as you get to the French quarter, and don't forget to ask for Laura; she will definitely make you feel at home!In town for a convention and stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night. Line was not as long as I would have thought. I was seated at the oyster shuckling table. Oysters were very good. Jambalaya was very good as well. Overall I would recommend the place.Ehh, just so-so.  Not a rave review, by any stretch.  But to be fair all I had was a salad, so there you go.  Service was mediocre.  Wouldn't go again and felt like I wasted an opportunity for a better restaurant.For our last dinner in NOLA we randomly picked a 4 star place that had crawfish étouffée. That was the only criteria. 
Ambiance was ok. It's Bourbon Street so the clientele is generally drunk. It was ok. Noise level average to above average. 
Service was slow but reasonably nice. 
BBQ shrimp - good as advertised but the best part is dipping the free bread in the sauce. 
Boiled shrimp - plain. Nothing of note. 
Raw oysters - no brine left, far too big. Tasteless. 
Roasted oysters - with parm, these were decent. I'd get them again. 
Hush puppies - good. 
Fried green tomatoes - disappointing. I've had enough of the NOLA style of cooking which seems to be "fry the damn thing up." I was told by 2 southerners with us that they are not supposed to be battered & fried. 
Sweet potato fries - good. Worth it. 
Crawfish étouffée - decent. Not the best thing in the world but I'd recommend the dish. This is what I came here for and it was decent/ok. 
Jambalaya - tasted like it was made with hot dogs. After going to Coop's it is almost inedible. 
Shrimp creole - absolute rubbish. Never get this unless you are in a dungeon and have nothing else to eat. 
Generic po boy - fairly mundane. I'm tired if these sandwiches but even at that this was not good. 
Overall you could do worse, but you certainly could do better. Not worth the trip but if you end up there by chance there is good, and bad, food on the menu. Make sure you know what to get and avoid the rubbish.Jambalaya, bbq shrimp appetizer, oysters!! All delicious!! Bread is freshly heated and super delicious. Location is central on Bourbon so you really feel the party atmosphere.We wanted some oysters while visiting the city.  Went by Acme and the line was ridiculous so we used Yelp on the iPhone to find Desire.  The Oysters Desire were excellent! We recommend Desire and will stop by there again next time we're in the neighborhood.Desire was around the corner from our hotel, and open until 11 PM, which made it very convenient.  We had a dozen oysters.  They were fat, and I drenched them in extra horseradish and cocktail sauce.  We also had a fried fish sandwich and some beers.  This place was great for what we needed that night, but I wouldn't seek it out.My wife said the crabcakes were the best ever!  I had a chicken caesar salad which was very good as well.I went on a Friday around 7pm. I was impressed by the cleanliness and friendly staff. The ambiance is great and it is decorated classy, yet has a casual feel as it sits right on Bourbon  street. I would recommend  getting a table by the large open doors if you like to people watch. I ordered the Catfish Latiffe  and was very impressed. It was flavorful and worth every penny!Fried oysters with BBQ and blue cheese was the highlight of the meal. I wish we just ordered four of them for our meal! The jambalaya was a nice way to experience it; we should have reserved the shrimp po boy for another place. And the warm bread was a welcome treat as we sat down.We went in for lunch and the food was tasty but our waitress ignored us the whole time we were there. We had to pull over other waitstaff to assist us while our waitress chatted with bar staff with her back to us for the entire hour we were there. We couldn't even get our drinks refilled. Even though we returned to many NOLA restaurants for a repeat visit this was not one of them.Gotta try the Oysters Desire, Shrimp and Grits, and Shrimp Po Boy. We eat here every time we visit NOLA. Oysters are fresh and big, too. Definitely a must if you're looking for somewhere casual and people watch on Bourbon Street.The Hurricanes were better than any other place I had visited in New Orleans. The food was absolutely exquisite and had a very tasteful sauce.Went on NYE 2013/14 and got some oysters and jambalaya. The oysters were actually some of the best I've had, and I'm not really a huge oyster fan. The jambalaya was the best I've had from anywhere. Honestly, I was really surprised. The only reason it falls short of 5 stars was my wife ordered some shrimp that was supposed to be spicy, and it was a little bland. Stick with the jambalaya, gumbo or red beans and rice. I can't speak to the poboys and such. Oh, and the service and location were great, too.The best breakfast in New Orleans hands down. Go see Ruthie. She is the sweetest lady ever. Great service, excellent food. Definitely a must!Ask for Gerri. Gerri is awesome. Desire has a great happy hour. $6 for 6 oysters and $3 draft beer, Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm.Had the Alligator Meatballs with marinara over pasta and it was delicious. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their meal. I would say a great New Orleans style meal at a reasonable price. Staff was fine also.Our waiter, Tony, was awesome. Very attentive and friendly. The jambalaya was delicious. A little pricey but worth every penny.To be honest we were hoping to eat at Acme Oyster house but there was a line around the corner so my wife got on yelp and we ended up here.  
The menu was decent but we were just looking for something to hold us over until dinner.  
We ordered a 1/2 dozen of both the sizzling oysters and oysters on the half shell.  HUGE, delicious oysters.  With each bite you could taste the ocean.  They were so fresh that one of the sizzling oysters on our plate had a tiny charred muscle on it and I ate that too!  The fresh oysters were just as good.  With just a squeeze of lemon or cocktail sauce and horseradish, either way they were great!  
I had the seafood Louie salad which was different than any other Louie salad I had experienced before which leads me to believe that the one I ate today was an original.  The shrimp and crab were tasty in the Louie sauce along with romaine lettuce, cherry tomatoes, black olives, and hard boiled egg.  This wasn't the best Louie salad I'd ever had but we were mainly there for the oysters...which again, were delicious.  
My wife ordered the crab cakes and was a bit disappointed that they came out fried even though the menu didn't say they were.   That being said, they were still mostly crab meant inside and full of flavor so we left there happy.Good location, oysters both raw and charred were very good. Service was highly disappointing, my water glass was dirty and our waiter took over 20 minutes to refill a soda. Finally my husband went up to the bar to do this. The bathroom is not very clean. Good people watching if you can get a window seat on Bourbon street, but lots of young hustlers out there looking for your attention and money.After our steamboat jazz cruise, we dropped by Desire for a late lunch. We had charbroiled oysters on half shells, jambalaya and shrimp etoufee. All the foods are delicious, we even had the chocolate cake for dessert. Again we accepted the fact that cajun/creole foods are salty, but the seafood is very fresh and good eats. This spot was recommended by a local whom we met at another restaurant.Part of our Living Social deal included a voucher for Desire Oyster bar.  OH where do I begin? 
I had the shrimp and gritz for breakfast and my girlfriend had the bbq'd shrimp for breakfast.   
I know what you're thinking and trust me, it's not what you think. The food was filled with spices I'd never tasted.  If you go, start with the Oysters.  They are huge!  We live in Southern California and I've yet to see fresh Oysters this size.  Gigantic and delivered from the Gulf that very morning. Don't sleep on this place!  
Cheers!We arrived on a Monday morning at 10.50am so only just in time for breakfast that finishes at 11.  Never the less we were welcomed and seated and asked to be expedient with ordering. We ordered the crab desire which is a crab cake with a poached egg inside - very, very, nice - But it was a bit cold , could have been warmer.
Came on a bed of spinach surrounded by a chunky tomato something ( which might have been herby tinned tomatoes warmed through) 
Cafe du Monde coffee which is always nice so all in all a good meal just could have been hotter. 
Would go again and probably for dinner.Best meal I have ever had....  jambalaya I think was the best I have ever eaten.  Ate at the oyster bar and even hours the constant motion of the guys behind the counter...Delicious!!!!! Started out with a French 75-light and bubbly but the perfect amount of alcohol followed by the alligator which was very good!   Had the trio: red beans and rice, jumbalya and gumbo. Oh my word was every bite amazing!!!