I wanted to give you 100 stars, but yelp wouldn't let me.
Took my family out to Dick & Jenny's for the first time last night, and we had no idea what to expect. My parents were a little apprehensive to try a new place, but I convinced them to go. 
From the moment we walked in, it was INCREDIBLE experience! Our waitress, Hopie, delivered impeccable service, as well as, the chef/owner, Merlin. He created a special dish for my mom that was low-carb. And he was playing in the kitchen creating new things, and he brought us out samples. 
We ordered the fried oyster appetizer, the eggplant truffle fries, cornbread, Shrimp and Grits x2, The crab tower (crab cake topped with soft shell crab topped with lump crab meat), and a scallops and vegetables low-carb plate for my mom. And for dessert, we had the vanilla and chocolate cheesecake with homemade whipped cream and blueberries. ALL of it was incredible! All of our taste buds were blown away. And everything was homemade and fresh! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
We'll definitely be back! See you soon Merlin & Hopie!After a long cab ride from the French Quarter, we wondered if it would be worth the expense and effort...Absolutely! Our server, Julia, was delightful. A charming environment added to our meal. The food was beautifully prepared. The veal sweetbreads were amazing and the hors d'oeuvres sampler was a great way to taste the exceptional options. The poblano cheesecake was definitely worth the calories. The pistachio cake was irresistible after one small taste, so don't even try it if you don't want to be seduced! My only disappointment was how noisy the main room gets when there are large parties ( there were 2).  Def go!The meal was wonderful. And thank you for accommodating our late request for a reservation.  The duck entrée was very generous. And the fried green tomatoes will be delicious to you if you like creole/dijon mustard. I tasted them and they were great until the mustard taste kicked in. I would bring another couple to dinner here.We came here with great expectations and were really disappointed with the taste of the food.  My ribeye steak was OK, but just.  The mushroom-sage demi-glaze was not very good and ended up drowning the whole thing.  The asparagus was a bit burned and the rice was just OK.  My wife had the fish bouillabaisse and it had very little taste to it.  For a place advertising itself as a creole there was a distinct lack of flavor in their dishes.
On the plus side, service was good and they accommodated our party of 8 very nicely.  However I will not be back.  There are too many other options in New Orleans to spend my money here.Enjoyed the cornbread, the fried oysters, and the scallops. Also, Robert the server assistant (?) is maybe the best restaurant employee I've ever met. We were cold waiting outside for our table, so he found us an inside area to wait that was warmer. Later when he helped deliver our food, he noticed we needed special utensils for our mussels (even though he wasn't our server), and noticed before we did. Big Robert fan!This is my overall favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  The neighborhoody atmosphere makes it feel comfortable for a drop-in, but the careful details and romantic lighting also make it feel like a special occasion restaurant.  The food is immaculate, the service is fantastic, and the prices are extremely reasonable.  This combination of haute cuisine and creole classics is the pinnacle of New Orleans eating.This place is so charming, and I often walk by it and everyone seems to be enjoying themselves. When I finally made it around to coming here, however, I found that I was not one of them. It was loud, the service was poor, my steak was completely unremarkable. We came near the end of the night (although the place was still pretty full, and the staff (both front of the house and the kitchen) just seemed as if they were ready to be done and really not putting in full effort. I'll try them again, but not any time soon.Ooh! My friend took me to brunch here, and since I had never been, I was pretty excited.
Looking over the menu, everything looked amazing. First, warm cornbread was brought to the table. It was just like homemade and it was delicious. This was a great way to start the meal.
For our appetizer, we decided to try the bacon salad and the fried green tomatoes. The salad was amazing and came with a delicious mix of lettuce, apple slices and bacon. I feel that bacon really does make anything better, and this salad was no exception. The fried green tomatoes came out warm with crab on top and a creamed spinach topping. They too were amazing.
For my entree, I got the crabmeat and shrimp fritata. It was really good with tomatoes, cheese and mushrooms mixed in. I kind of wish it had a little more crab meat in it, but there was plenty of good sized shrimp, so that made up for it. My friend got the eggs Boudreaux, which was crabmeat and poached eggs topped with hollandaise and duck cracklins. I was able to try some of this dish, and as good as mine was, I was wishing that I had gotten this instead. The eggs were perfectly cooked and the sauce on top was delicious. When I go back, I will definitely be ordering this for myself.
I understand that brunch is fairly new here, and I loved it Our waitress, Melissa was really nice and attentive and made sure that we had everything that we needed. I can't wait to return.One of my all time favorites.  I used to bring my grandmother here for dinner so she could eat her favorite...sweetbreads.    The food is exquisite, the decor is cozy Uptown dive, and the staff does a great job.  I really don't mind waiting for a table when I can wait on a porch swing with a beverage in my hand.  
And if you thought it was already too busy in here, the NY Times just gave this place a glowing review in their "36 hours in..." Travel feature.  Looks like they'll be slammed for quite some time.  Sigh.Top notch place. Ate here with 4 friends, and we all loved our food. They have a deal for $39 (maybe $35?) to get an appetizer, entree, glass of wine, and dessert. This place is higher end without being too fussy.Can't say I tried a thing that I didn't like!
Gumbo of the day (shrimp and crab) had a lot of depth too, great flavor, and was the perfect consistency.  The cake-y cornbread went fantastically with it.
My main dish was the blackened louisiana flounder on a shrimp and mirliton stuffing--absolutely delicious.  The pan fried flounder was crisp on the outside, but flaky and flavorful.  The stuffing was absolutely delicious and included four large shrimp throughout.
I also sampled my wife's food and her items were equally tasty. She went with the Jenny's salad, which was expertly dressed (not drenched, but plenty of flavor), tasted extremely fresh, and had a great kick of flavor from the crumbled blue cheese; she also had the crab cakes (2) with fried green tomatoes (2 thick slices).  Not the best crab cakes consistency-wise (too much breading for me), but the overall flavor of the dish was fantastic and I couldn't take off a star.
The four of us got different drinks, so I was able to sample four great cocktails, each of them incredibly fresh and well-crafted including the Hemingway (an authentic daiquiri), a Margarita, the Porch Sipper (vodka/gin based and would be great for hot weather), and another margarita-type drink that included muddled jalapenos (can't remember the name). All good stuff.  In retrospect, if they included some bourbon on that cocktail list it would be much improved, but I didn't think of it then so it clearly didn't bother me too much.
All in all, very good eats away from the rest of tourists/visitors. Sometimes I need a break from people like me...This was one of my favorite stops during a recent trip to New Orleans.  The ambience is homey, the staff is very friendly, and the menu is eclecticly southern with a few international twists.  I started with a fried green tomato/crab cake stack followed by creole shrimp with goat cheese grits.  My dining partner had a delicious thai curry with shrimp and fresh fish.  The cocktails are inventive, some are served in mason jars.  If you don't have a car, a taxi from the French Quarter will run you about twenty bucks.  Worth the trip, though.  you can have an excellent meal here followed by live jazz at Dos Jefes or Tipitina's, the latter of which is just a block away.New Orleans is a great town for cuisine, and dick and jenny's is probably as good as it gets for an out of towner, maybe even a local.
To be fair, traveling is much easier with an iphone and Yelp in your pocket, this helped lead us to the dick and jenny's.
Allow me to spin a little yarn: It's New Year's Eve and it's about 6:00 pm. We've kinda been drinking in the afternoon (hic!) and we are lounging about the hotel room deciding what to do for the evening. Everyone says that we're gonna hafta be creative for dinner since we won't be able to get a reservation anywhere. I, being as beauregardlessly as I can, take this as a challenge to get us into an awesome restaurant. 
So with yelp and iphone in hand, I start calling places. They start laughing at me. But I come across Dick and Jenny's and call and they tell me they don't take reservations, but if someone shows up and puts a name on the list, they will be given a time to show back up. Well we're staying near bourbon, but my buddy in nola lives a few miles up Tchoupitoulos (chop-eh-tool-us), only a few blocks from the restaurant. So he walks over, puts our name on the list, and we show up at 10:30 as instructed. Now this seems like a really silly policy to me, but it got us in new years' eve with relatively no hassle or bills stuffed into palms. 
Now the valet's take forever with the car (see my review of the downtown nola Sheraton) but we still somehow make it on time and realize that we are in for a treat. Dress is casual, waiters are ex-hippies, food is upscale french and nawlins cuisine, and we have a table. 
We start off with the appetizer sampler (found in the entrees portion of the menu) which is perfect for groups to share. We had five people, and the combination of the fried oysters, portabello and bleu cheesecake (more like a quiche or frittata, really) and the eggplant and crabcake napoleon really hit the spot. I wasn't that big a fan of the cheesecake, but the girls at the table really liked it, I blame my distaste for mushrooms in general. Call it a prejudice, if you like.
We then proceeded to share 4 entrees, BBQ shrimp and grits, Duck Confit with smoked duck breast, Lamb shank with smothered white beans, and something else that I can't fucking remember right now, but it was delicious. The BBQ Shrimp and grits were the best.
They have a decent winelist but NYE they were out of Malbec (YIKES!) but tell us they have a $10 corking fee. So Jeremiah W. and I hop into the Pontiac G6 and scoot down to the nearest Winn-Dixie for some vino and bubbly, looks like we're gonna be here through midnight. I select what ends up being a terrible cheap prosecco and a decent malbec that we enjoy throughout the meal. We toast at midnight, slightly enjoy a moderately dry piece of chocolate cake (new pastry chef, dick and jenny's?) and enjoy scotch and coffee until we feel we've outstayed our welcome. 
Great experience, great atmosphere, great food and waitservice. Go, my people, and enjoy.We were really excited to finally be dining at Dick & Jennie's since it has been on our list for years. Our plan was to have an early dinner on our first night in town. We arrived a little earlier than 5:30 when they open but the staff was very happy to have us sit outside with a drink and wait for dinner service to commence. Everyone was very friendly and very attentive. We started with the fried oysters and the shrimp and alligator sausage cheesecake, I had the smoked duck with corn maque choux and my wife had the drum with crawfish risotto. The kitchen made our son some chicken tenders and fries. Everything was very well made. The duck was tender and smokey and the drum was perfectly prepared...the crawfish risotto was really delicious. I would definitely eat here again.We had dinner here on Friday night. Across the board, we were very happy. The food was excellent -- expertly prepared and presented. I wouldn't call it quite superlative, but I'm sure not complaining either. I started with the gumbo and had a sautéd redfish as my main. We also had some bread pudding for dessert.
The ambiance was cozy. It's in an older building with gobs of charm. D&J's is over on Tchoupitoulas, roughly halfway through the Garden District, and almost along the river. Certainly not in one of the main touristy areas, but that's OK.
The prices were also quite fair.
If you're looking for excellent food in a comfy setting that's a bit off the beaten path, give D&J's a try. We made our reservation using OpenTable, and that worked out great.
Why not 5 stars? When I compare them with our other experiences here in NOLA, like Commander's and Cochon, they're one small notch down in quality terms, if you ask me. Still excellent, but not quite at the top. But don't let that stop you from having a fun experience away from the tourist hot spots.Visiting from Austin, TX and I turned to my fellow Yelpers for guidance.  Thank you all!!  What a neat place to have a very good dinner.  We felt very comfortable the moment we walked in.  It is a converted house with 12 tables in the front main room, and maybe 12-16 more tables in the back two rooms.  We had the Grouper and the Lamb shank as our main entrees.  They just changed the menu out but have not updated the website.  Both entrees were very good.  The prices are reasonable and the waitstaff attentive.  The Lamb shank was braised and served on beds of smashed chick peas and Isreali? cous-cous.  The chick peas had some Indian spices and the cous-cous pearls were large and very flavorful.  We had a huge dessert, the ice cream sundae sandwich.  A good bottle of wine, a shared salad, and an appetizer pushed the bill to a little over $100 but it was much less expensive than the meal we had at Emeril's last year.Amazing dinner!  Started with their savory cheesecake with alligator sausage, crab and shrimp. My partner had to fight me off to get more than one bite. Had the pork cheeks and you could cut with a fork. Service was great. Would highly recommend.This place was amazing! My parents were in town visiting and I wanted to take them somewhere they have never been where the food is amazing and the atmosphere is pretty casual.  I have passed by this place many times, heard good things about it, and I finally decided to give it a try. I am so glad that I did! I started with a cocktail; the ginger mint julep was mixed to perfection. My dad got the oyster rockefeller soup which was definitely the best I have tried so far throughout the city. For dinner I got the Louisiana Gulf Flounder with Shrimp & Mirliton Stuffing over Chorizo Risotto, Topped With Lemon-Thyme Beurre Blanc. I was a little bit curious because I didn't know how well all the ingredients would go together but the combination was to die for! Everything felt so light which I still can't figure out because it was so filling.  My mom picked the 12 Oz. Grilled Ribeye With Wild & Dirty Rice, Grilled Asparagus & a Mushroom-Sage Demi-Glaze  and my dad picked the Gulf Fish Bouillabaise (Traditional Crab, Shrimp & Calamari Bouillabaise topped with Seasonal Gulf Fish of the Day). I tried both dishes and they were great. As we were leaving my dad told the waiter that he was a bastard (that may have been the heavily poured whiskeys) because now for the next two weeks everything he eats will taste like crap.
Great atmosphere and Louisiana food cooked to perfection!I love Dick and Jenny's! I came here for the first time on Valentine's Day. We had a great dinner and our waitress was able to make a really great wine suggestion. We returned recently with a fairly large group and had an equally great meal. I've heard that they're under new ownership these days, but don't let that deter you from coming back if you've been a fan in the past. The great taste and great staff don't seem to have gone anywhere. 
On my second visit they had a cocktail menu that was absolutely worth noting. Great drinks! I'm not sure if this is new or not, but it's a huge perk.
Another perk: I've always been a fan of Jaquimos on Oak St. for it's quirky atmosphere and traditional/upscale/creative menu. Buuuut they don't take reservations. If you want to be sure to get a table without a wait, have an equally as amazing meal, and probably a little more quiet this is a great pick.This has become our "special occasion" go to place.  The fried green tomato with crab meat appetizer was delicious.  We generally opt for a fish of some sort.  Recently I had drum on a grain bed with beautiful string beans over the top.  We have eaten here a half dozen times and have never left disappointed in any way.Wonderful food, excellent service.  There were countless parties waiting the average time of an hour to be seated, but Rebecca and I played it cool by heading to the bar and ordering.  Artichoke and lobster risotto, dee-licious.  Don't mind if I do.Dick and Jenny's completely wowed me on my first visit three years ago, and if I were basing on that experience alone, I would give it 5 stars. Everything we had was delicious, and the service was low key but great. 
My husband and I were thrilled to get a reservation for 8:15 pm on New Year's Eve. However, our experience this time was a total letdown. We arrived 5 minutes early. The host who greeted us began to lead us to a table in the front room, which I was happy about since it was warmer in there, but another woman came along and turned us around and took us to a table in the back that was close to the (opening) door. I almost said something but didn't, and regretted it. 
Our server was not particularly friendly or attentive. I asked for the beet salad. Soon after, the server returned to the table to let me know that they were out of the beet salad, so I settled for the house salad. It was ok, but nothing memorable. We ordered a glass of wine and a club soda, and these didn't arrive until we were almost finished with our appetizers. We requested another round just as the entrees were delivered, and they didn't arrive until we were nearly finished with the entrees. I had the filet, which was overcooked (I ordered it medium rare and it was barely pink), and the blue cheese potato gratin was overwhelming. I had to scrape a lot of the blue cheese off as it completely overpowered the dish. We shared the pot de crème for dessert; nothing special, and quite small. My husband liked his oysters and pork cheek.
When we got the check and I realized that we were charged $6 for my husband's two club sodas. This costs them NOTHING. They were served in mason jars and when the server had asked if he wanted another, he assumed refills were free. I can handle charging a small amount for club soda, but charging for each one is ridiculous, especially when it's a relatively high charge to begin with and I was ordering alcohol. Especially when they made no effort to make up for my first choice appetizer not being available (and didn't inform me before I ordered it), this was maddening. With an overcooked steak thrown in, I don't need to go back here. With so many incredible restaurants in New Orleans, there's no point in going to places that dish out mediocre meals and overcharge for them. It was a very disappointing final meal of the year.My parents were in town for a weekend stay! I hadn't seen my dad (the foodiest of the foodies himself) in over two years, so I was pressed to find a great Creole restaurant for an authentic New Orleans experience.
Because their visit coincided with Loyola graduation weekend, Commander's Palace had been fully booked for over a month! Shoot. Though I usually try to stay clear of French Quarter establishments of touristy fame, as the hour came down to the evening of the big NOLA dining experience, I reluctantly made a reservation at some $$$$$$$$ restaurant when I came across D&J's.
My oh my, how did it take me close to a year to find the best Creole restaurant in town???
For appetizer: we ordered Jambalaya and BBQ shrimp, which were already filling enough along with their great bread basket - (cornbread included yum!) Though both tasted as if prepared from the same base of roux sauce, the BBQ shrimp was a tad sour and smoky that played with our palate in so many different ways! Needless to say, we had cleaned the plates with the breads.
To my great surprise, our friendly waitstaff brought out a separate plate of table napkins with lemon wedges to clean our hands after the tantalizing BBQ shrimp experience. How neat!
For entrees: a drumfish dish for dad, a sampler of appetizers for me and for mom, a veggie Lasagna. All were unbelievably outstanding. One of the appetizers on my plate included a jalapeno/shrimp cheesecake, which was a far better savory cheesecake than the famous alligator cheesecake from the "neighborhood restaurant" by Carrollton. I also couldn't help but note how colorful my plate was, reflecting the freshness of the ingredients (sorry... I didn't take pictures). Both my parents, who are accustomed to Korean dishes without so much butter and oil, were very satisfied as well!
This will be my go-to Creole restaurant to bring out-of-town visitors from now on. Commander's is great for a fancy-pants 4$$$$ dining experience at half the price of what one might find in NYC, but Dick and Jenny's does what it does best and what all restaurants should do best - Food and love of food and its customers.Merlin is killing the game out here!! Everything is delicious. Nick at the bar making great drinks and great conversation. I will definitely stop here every time I come to New Orleans.We heard of this place from friends and had to try it. It is not in central New Orleans so you have to want to go there, my advice is that it's worth the trip. 
We began with the scallops appetizer which was the best scallops I have tasted. Melt in your mouth is an insult to these scallops. We also had the baked oysters which came straight from the grill to our table. Warning, if you allow them to cool briefly then the topping baste the oyster in wonderful flavor. Needless to say we enjoyed them. 
Entrees were ahi tuna and short ribs. The ahi was fresh, seared to perfection and one of the largest servings I've ever had in a coastal restaurant. My wife's short ribs tasted as if they had been marinated for days. The meat and greens were the perfect combination and made the meal impossible to stop eating. 
Because we had no disappointments we had to have dessert. As was expected, the flourless chocolate brownie with vanilla bean ice cream was the coup de gras. 
All in all and unforgettable dining experience that showed thought, talent and skill. Highly recommended if you prefer a unique dining experience that sets itself apart from normal restaurants.Excellent soul food. The drum was incredible as were the fried green tomatoes. Four stars because we kind of lost the attention of our server half way through the meal.Our first time there-but won't be our last!
Service was outstanding, cocktails perfect and the food was excellent!Pricey but worth EVERY penny. Everything is done to perfection and has a touch of Southern flare.Loved every part of our experience at this restaurant. I had the chicken and andouille gumbo of the day, it was rich, thick and smokey. I really loved it, Miriam thought the andouille smoke was a bit much for her taste. I could taste all the other flavors through it so I really thought it was perfect. I had the fried oyster salad with blue cheese, apples and pecans. Perfectly fried cornmeal dusted oysters surrounded a perfect salad with blue cheese dressing. Miriam ordered the starter plate of fried oysters and was over the moon for the remoulade it came with. We ended with perhaps the best bread pudding we've had in New Orleans and trust me I have had dozens. It was really moist with plump, juicy raisins. Swimming in a rich bourbon sauce, it just doesn't get better than this one.Dick $ Jenny's has been recommended more than a few times for " amazing Creole/Cajun home cooking" that is worth the higher than normal price.  I couldn't have been more disappointed.  
Sometimes I think restaurants in this town get a pass if they throw words like "creole" and "confit" together, over-bread and over-butter everything, and then charge $30 for the entree.  Throw in poor service and lazy presentation and you've got one star.
Atmosphere:  rustic, Christmas lights, random junk on the wall.  Not arrogant or imposing, really comfortable.
Drinks:  Very well done, tasty.  Interesting cocktail list.
Service:  Decent, but as others have mentioned, felt really, really rushed towards the end of the meal as we were getting near (but not *that* near) to closing time on a Friday night.  Waitress wouldn't split checks.  If the people working for dimes at Ruby Tuesday can do it, and if the folks at Commanders can do it, so can you, Dick and Jenny.
Food:  
-Appetizer: fried green tomatoes and crab meat.  Tomatoes were thin but not too greasy.  Fine flavor, but came out *ice cold*, which in any restaurant on any level, especially one with this sort of reputation, is a mortal sin.  The cornbread which came with the meal was also ice cold and had definitely been sitting out for a while.  Tasted like it came from out of a box.
-Entree:  Chicken, okra, and sausage gumbo.  It was good but not great, and also lukewarm.  Friend got the ribeye which comes smothered in a heavy gravy.  Gravy had good, smoky flavor, but the cut of meat was cheap and very chewy.  Very, very thin for a $30 rib-eye.  Had the consistency you'd expect from a $5.00 steak from Win-Dixie.  So chewy.  Other friend had duck dish served in crepe cigars.  Crepes were mushy and cold, and there was a random, huge pile of fresh shaved carrots on the whole dish.  Duck itself was good if you get through the mushy crepe and pile of carrots.
Overall:  After living in this town for a bit now, I'm noticing a trend where restaurants here think they can get away with serving expensive food with arrogant service and mediocre food just because they are doing little swirls of sauce on the plating and using fancy naming like "duck cigars" on their menus.  At the end of the day, food quality matters, and doing things like serving food cold is never, ever OK, especially when you are paying $40+ a head.  
New Orleans may be one of the best food cities in country, but you still have to earn it.
One star.  Don't try it.Came here with my wife. It was pretty empty. The food was good but not great. We were sat in the bar half of the restaurant and the bartender was playing music that kinda killed the romantic vibe and made me regret paying $100 for the two of us. I'm glad I went because it settled my curiosity but I won't be going back for dinner.I should start this review by saying that I haven't been down to NOLA in about 2 years BUT I always crave dick & jenny's and tell everyone who's heading there that they HAVE to go.
One on occasion with a group of about 8 ppl we had dinner. I ordered a beef dish, can't remember how it was prepared but it was phenomenal and my friend had ordered a different entree which he was enjoying. We were sharing our plates and raving about how each dish was better than the next that my friend decided to have another entree and ordered what I was having for dinner. He's not a big guy by any means, and 2 entrees for dinner with helpings of apps prior isn't a normal occurrence, it was just that it was so good, he needed to have both!
I'll be sure to update this review in about 2 weeks when I get there again!Overall a disappointment. The bouillabaisse was just ok. A little chloriny tasting. The duck was overcooked. Special appetizer was a crawfish cheese egg thing that was sort of like a quiche. It was good -- not great. Crust was a little pasty instead of crisp.this place is back on its game! dinner last night was excellent. the gumbo is delicious.
I had black drum over crawfish risotto with shaved asparagus, and it was excellent.
and the wine , both by the glass and by 
the bottle, is not only good but reasonably priced.After reading lots of great reviews, we had to try this place.  It completely lived up to our expectations.  My husband had the smoked duck, and everything on his plate was great.  I ordered the Filet of Beef, and it was one of the best I've ever had.  It was cooked exactly as I requested and was perfectly tender.  The mashed potatoes were also very good.  For dessert, we had the Ice Cream and Cookie Sandwich.  It was HUGE.  It would have been better if it was a little more thawed.  They gave me a knife to eat it with, and I actually needed it.  It was even difficult to cut with a knife.  My husband had the Irish Creme Brule (Bailey's, Jamison, and Guinness in Creme Brulee).  He raved about it, and I could tell he really wanted to lick the little bowl.  Instead, he ate half of my Ice Cream Sandwich because it was that big.  The atmosphere was great (just hope you don't get really loud, obnoxious diners next to you as we did).  The outside is very deceiving to what you will find inside, so don't be put off by it.  The service was good though our waiter seemed irritated that we didn't order appetizers; pretty sure she muttered something under her breath.  That and the too frozen dessert are the only reasons they don't get 5 stars.  We will definitely be back and will bring visitors with us so they can get a great New Orleans meal.Great menu. Took my moms there for brunch to meet my beau. It was elegant, delicious, and has an option for everyone.Nice service that was extra accommodating. Food was prepared simple with cheap cuts which makes me wonder why it is so pricey. In all it was a nice experience that I will leave at only once. There are better options in the surrounding area with better prepared food at a lower price.Dick & Jenny's is located in New Orleans' Uptown.  Their focus is on upscale Louisiana cuisine, but in a casual setting.  As such, the restaurant is located in an old wooden cottage.  Small, intimate, and candle-lit.  We had a reservation for a large group of 12 on a Saturday night.  We arrived early and the table was already setup and waiting for us.
The menu is seasonal with a handful of items: appetizers, soups/salads, entrees, and desserts.  They also have specials not on the menu, one of which included a calamari starter that we ended up ordering.  Among the items I tried:
Corn-fried calamari - served with spicy sauce on top of spinach
Corn-fried Louisiana oysters - also included cole slaw and remoulade (mayonnaise-based French sauce)
Seared duck breast - served with two slices of Louisiana alligator sausage, dirty rice, greens, and smoked sage demi-glace (rich brown French sauce)
The table also gets complimentary corn bread and French rolls.  The corn bread is served in soft, fluffy blocks.  It was some of the best corn bread I've had in a while.  The blocks were moist, delicate, and crumble in your hand.  Loved the fried oysters and they are best eaten with the slaw and remoulade at the same time.  The oysters were light and crispy.  The duck breast and alligator sausage were amazing.  The duck breast was thick yet tender and the alligator sausage was very flavorful.  They were perfect with both the greens and rice.  Everyone loved their dishes.  Check out the photos I've uploaded with this review to see what I'm talking about.
As mentioned previously, the restaurant is upscale, but has a casual atmosphere.  The tables are small.  Water is served in mason jars.  Service was great, from the host to the servers.  We cabbed it here, so I can't say much about the parking, although I didn't see any valet or parking lot.  Looked like just street parking around the restaurant.  Overall, an excellent dining experience.Ummm... amazing.  Staff was awesome, and it is open on Sunday!!!!  I love this and the bar a few doors down.This has been a family favorite for many years. It's been about 1.5 yrs since our last visit and boy oh boy have things changed. I heard through the grapevine that there'd been a change in ownership sometime in the last year or two and I don't know whether the new ownership is to blame or not but this was by far the most disappointing dining experience I've had in a long time. We arrived at 7:45 and we're promptly seated. That was about the only prompt aspect of the entire experience... I hate to lay all blame on the server but it's hard to hold anyone else responsible when it all came down to our server's ability to tend to the tables assigned to her. If it werent a faux pas, I think everyone at our 4-top would've been open to flagging her down when we needed anything because short of that, it was clear we weren't going to see anything near the standard of service we had come to expect at Dick & Jenny's from our past experiences. It took about 15 minutes for our server to even visit our table after we were seated. From there it took another 20-30 minutes to get our first order of cocktails and we received our appetizers about 50 min after being seated.  It took almost 2 hours (I think our food arrived right around 9:30/9:35) to get our entrees which were room temperature at best by the time they reached our table...mine was bordering on cold (kitchen has to use heat to cook the food so I don't see how it could be blamed on anything other than the fact that our food was allowed to sit and lose all heat before being retrieved from the kitchen and delivered to our table).  Cocktails took 25- 35 minutes to reach our table each time we ordered them.... there were 3 tables who were seated after us and somehow managed to order and completely finish their meals before we even saw our entrees .... Noone ever offered bread to our table though all 7 other tables in the room at any given time had all been served a bread basket. .. There was one other table next to us who was seated ater us but who had a similar experience (it was bad enough for then that when they go their cold entrees they tapped my husbands shoulder and asked how long we'd been there before getting our food and whether it was cold when it arrived at our tables- they did get bread though so they may have lucked out a little more than our table).. Over the course of the 3 hours we were seated at our table, the server offered to refill our waters 3 times- maybe 4 times if I'm being super generous... and probably the biggest indicator of the lack of training and/or experience of the waitstaff- when we finished our room temperature entrees, our server came to take our plates but then a different server came up to our table and handed us our ticket without any previous interaction with our table and without ever asking if we wanted coffee or dessert. It was my husband's 30th birthday so we had every intention of getting dessert but after waiting 2 hours to eat and nobody bothering to ask if we wanted dessert before handing us our bill, we felt like we'd be better off walking across the street to Rouse's to get him some cookies and ice cream to enjoy at home.... I hope the ownership/management can get their act together and turn this sinking ship around because for $250+ for 4 people I can think of tons of other restaurants in this city with similar or better food and far better service. Not sure we will be returning unless we hear major changes have been made because I can't justify spending that kind of money only to have such a disappointing experience again.This neighborhood spot is definitely one of my favorite NOLA restaurants.  My sister lives here and I make a point of going to Dick and Jenny's every time I visit.
The menu changes every few months so there's always something new to try.  Don't pass on appetizers because there are so many good ones here.
The atmosphere is relaxed and intimate.  It's always busy, but the crowds don't distract you from your table.I used to live about three doors down & had never walked into the establishment. I finally went this past Saturday with my bestie & could kill myself for not going in sooner!
Appetizer: Duck Confit Meat Pie (which I would marry, if it were legal)
Entree: Vegetable Gnocchi (huge amount, rich, and amazing)
Dessert: Chocolate Cookie with Creole Creamery Ice cream & the most amazing chocolate sauce EVER!
It was really busy. Weren't seated until 30 minutes after our reservations. Unfortunately, there were two really huge, obnoxious parties in the same room with us... one including the Marlboro Man, which everyone in the place wanted to punch in the face... seriously. Nothing against the establishment. Guy & parties were just total douche bags!!
LOVE LOVE LOVE will definitely go back!I AM SO EXCITED TO RAVE ABOUT: absolutely nothing. Yeah, the food's not bad - but the portions are so small that you're probably paying $3 for that sip of soup. You could get the same food over at Zea's with larger portions and WAY better taste. This expensive restaurant has small seating and the waiter looked like a bum off the street - I mean, seriously, there were holes in the crack of your pants = not a cool version of Abercrombie knock-offs. 
Additionally, if you're part of a group = DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS DADDY WARBUCKS is paying for your entire meal. They don't know how to split a check. My group of ten had to go through line by line and split up the check, using a calculator, and calculate our own taxes and gratuity - because the waiter didn't keep up with who got what. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? For these prices, you should know exactly what I ordered since it's costing me $40 for my dish alone.
After spending nearly an hour divying up the check between all of us, I was tired of this dimly-lit, shoulder-to-shoulder, odd-art and even odder service hellhole.
Look - if you're going to charge these prices, remember that food alone doesn't buy class. And I'm like the LEAST classy person I know - and yet I even realize that this joint was not classy.Dick & Jenny's was a wonderful experience. Delicious food and the staff was incredibly friendly. The chef came to talk to us multiple times and even gave us a complimentary order of boudin balls, which were lovely. 
Would definitely recommend to anyone passing through.Great New Orleans food in a homey atmosphere.  I love going to Dick & Jenny's, the menu is seasonal, and even if the dishes sound similar to what you might see in other restaraunts, the dishes at Dick & Jenny's are executed remarkably well.  I had a cauliflower bisque a month or so ago that I am still thinking about.  I also had the quail with cornbread dressing and lemon ice box pie.  Everything was amazing.  The service is quite good too.  I found our waiter to be very knowledgable and very helpful.  Pro tip: the house wine here is actually good, I would suggest ordering that and enjoying an extra glass for the price.Charming and solid.  The fried oyster appetizer was my favorite dish; served on top of a yummy slaw with an amazing smoky aioli.  My entree (drum fish) was overcooked but the sides were pretty special. I got a taste of the shrimp and fried green tomatoes poboy and shrimp and grits and both were very flavorful. Would definitely recommend.Amazing! Close your eyes & point at the menu & I guarantee you will love whatever your point at...its just that good! Cant sing enough praises about this jem of a NOLA restaurant.5 stars. Yes. 
FOOD, service, employee personality, in my neighborhood, all together, add up to A WINNER. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend and I have been walking by Dick and Jennie's for months,  saying "We should try this", but kept walking by. Finally (and thankfully), we did.
It's clean, nice atmosphere, not the greatest decor, but ...ok. The servers were polite, friendly, engaging and appreciative of compliments. 
THE FOOD:
Started with a fried green tomatoes appetizer. It comes with a couple of (cold) shrimp and remoulade. The fried green tomatoes were some of the best I've tasted. Light breading, tart, sweet tomato flavor, excellently done to light brown perfection. The shrimp were peeled, and remoulade was excellent. An impressive start. 
I had the beef short ribs for an entree. Described on the menu as "Braised boneless angus beef short ribs, sauteed chard, garlic mashed potatoes and port wine demi-glace". Yes. It delivers on flavor. The short ribs just pulled apart, no knife needed. Soft, tasty, packed with deliciousness. The mashed potatoes were excellent. The garlic was not overpowering and with the demi-glace was awesome. The chard added a touch of bitter that balanced the sweet of the demi-glace. Satisfaction.  Well worth the $26.
The girl who would be my girlfriend had the Eggplant rollatini. The eggplant was thinly sliced, and rolled around a mix of  ricotta, mozzarella, parmesan, wild mushroom and garlic. A delicious tomato-vodka sauce is spooned on top (not swimming in it). Kind of reminded me of manicotti with eggplant instead of pasta being the vessel to hold the ingredients.  An excellent dish if you're carb-conscious.  This is a great tasting dish. 
As a side, we had the Sambal-honey roasted brussel sprouts with smoked pork belly. Let me take a second to close my eyes and retaste it in my mind. Mmmmmm. Can't say enough. The best, most flavorful dish of the night. Which is not to take away from any of the other dishes we had. I could have eaten a bowl of this. 
For dessert, we shared a strawberry panna cotta. Light, smooth mouthfeel,  and a subtle sweet taste. Perfect palate cleanser  and end to a perfect meal. 
We told 2 servers how great the food was and they were appreciative of the compliments and said how good it feels to hear it. I stopped by the kitchen and thanked them for a great meal. 
Dick and Jennie's quickly became one of our favorite neighborhood places.Great service. Attentive without being too "in your face". 
Started with a dozen chargrilled oysters... very tasty, although a tad on the small side.
We shared: shrimp and grits, roasted beet salad, and gumbo. Today's gumbo was smoked chicken and andouille. The hubs has been jonesing for gumbo for 3 days, and this made him really happy. A lighter roux than what I personally make, but very lovely.
The grits had a touch of aged cheese in them, nicely subtle; the shrimp were large and head-on with a seriously yummy sauce. 
I really liked the beet salad... chopped cabbage with feta (?) and candied pecans, lightly dressed. The beets were arranged on the outside. The hubs wasn't so sure, but I liked it.
No dessert, but there was a nice wine list (we had a Txakolina). All-in-all, a really good surprise.Wow,  bring your wallet!  Pricey, and all our entrees arrived lukewarm.  When we arrived and placed our cocktail order,  it took about 10 minutes to get our drinks and 2 of the  4 were wine and that was on a room full of ten people.  For 4 peeps it was a little over $300.  Not including tip and each had 2 drinks each.   There's s reason why the menu Isn't posted on their website.  We checked it off our list;  not going back.  There's other places in the city less expensive and will serve u food that's hot.  We're foodie folks that know!  Oh the waiter never mentioned to us the $6.00 happy hour special on drinks and appetizers!They have a great lunch and dinner here.  This is like a dive vibe funky restaurant that serves great upscale food (why go to a gastropub when I can have food like this?).  This is a great place to chow down before seeing a show at nearby Tipitina's (or anytime you want a great meal).  I've had some very healthy slabs of meat served to me here so they generally give you very good and filling portion sizes here.  The food has always been excellent and they have a great selection of items on their menu.  It always seems like a very friendly place and the bartenders, hostess, and wait staff just always appear to be in a great mood and they ensure that you enjoy your dining experience!  There is often a wait and they only take reservations for larger parties so be prepared to enjoy yourself with some drinks awhile before being seated.I'm sorry but I think this place is just a little bit overrated. I think people may be giving such great reviews because it IS a fun & very unique place. OR maybe I should give it another go? I don't know... My food wasn't as amazing as everyone talks about nor was my experience. Wah Wah :( I DO think I will give it another try sometime to just make sure... maybe I went on an off night??Easy, very friendly relaxed service, delicious food.  Fried oysters, fish mouse with toast and pickled shallots, kale/beet salad, Black Drum (fish) w/ crab rice and swiss chard, pork belly with farrow and collards, coffee/chai panna cotta, banana foster cream pie. ALL very good.Excellent spot to have dinner for a nice relaxing quiet evening. It can get busy but I've never felt I needed to be yelling when talking to guests. 
Food is great! Try the shrimp and grits next time you're here.Went in for the first time for my birthday.  Very good.  Had great service, and ordered cauliflower soup (no milk or cheese products in it) roasted cauliflower, roasted brussels sprout and a few appetizers as my main meal.  Got shrimp and grits, escargot,  and fennel(or leak) and mushroom cheesecake (more like a quiche).  The last item was good enough to just go back for it.  For dessert, I got the bananas foster bread pudding, which I wouldn't recommend.  The ice cream on top was delicious, but sauteing the bananas, then baking them in the pudding made them uneatable to me...hard and not nasty.  They were thick slices, so not like banana chips.  It also had a few pecans in it, which I was told it didn't...few enough that it might have fallen in there from another dessert..but enough for an epi pen later in the evening.  Overall, it was a very nice meal.This is a quaint ducked off restaurant that I did not even know about until I was taken on a date. I highly recommend this place for a weeknight to just chillax and lay low.An awesome dinning experience with my brother,  and family....our wait staff took our order and brought out delicious appetizers. ...try the grilled oysters snd blackened beets too.  Our wine selections was a malbec thst paired well with the Brisket and Schnitzel too.  Alex came by to check on us and help me celebrate my birthday with a shot of ammeretto and some cookies. This is a must to enjoy comfort food in a relaxed and wonderful atmosphere.   Cheers. ..we will be back.Dick and Jenny's is probably my favorite restaurant in New Orleans.  Cozy and quaint, you could go here with a group of friends or on a date and feel equally comfortable.  The decor makes you feel like you're in someone's charming Southern home.  Even the waiting area is adorable.  The food is to die for.  Everyone loved everything they ate.  The grilled cheese appetizer with duck confit, brie and peach chutney is last meal worthy.  I make it at home now and pretend I am the genius who came up with it and blow all of my friends/family away. Definitely a must try when in NOLA.Delicious Nawlins Grub!  I was with a huge party of 18 girls and we all ended up at 2 tables in the back of the restaurant.  It was a really nice atmosphere, very homey...  A few of my friends and I split a bottle of Rose and a bottle of Cab to get the night started off on the right foot.
I had the Fried Green Tomatoes as an appetizer and they were really great.  A little rich, but a really good sized portion and very good tastes coming together with the sauce and the shrimp on top.  Lovely Nola dish!
For my entree I had the Flounder fish - with shrimp and a couscous ball to go with it.  Everything was really wonderful.  The flounder was cooked very well, boneless, grilled and topped with some shrimp, a nice rich creamy sauce and underneath the fish was sauteed spinach.  Everything came together so nicely and the piece of fish was not overwhelmingly large.  I thought it was all super tastey.  I would go back and try other things!  It was really phenomenal!we started with a table for four, but then everyone else suddenly wants to come along.   now I know why.
this was great.  y'all put up with our table too, even though we were loud, and you thought you wanted to put us up front.     thank goddess you didn't.   thank you jessie, and alex for seating us
it was 8 after one of us had to leave cause she had to much to think.  
anyhow, oysters YUM, boudin balls, yum.  filet mignon, beet salad, pork belly, squash, champagne, wine, everything but dessert.
and then you put up with us?   yes indeed.  what a great night.
it was a birthday night, old friends from outta town night, and a congrats someone bought you a house night.   it was a night.
y'all made it perfect.
thank you again.Dick and Jenny's is delicious and the service was great.  They take reservations now too.  I ordered the pork, greens, and vanilla creme brûlée.  I would strongly recommend the greens.  My friend ordered the lamb, which was very good and a generous amount of meat.  Overall, it was expensive, but worth it for a special occasion.Homey, friendly, a little funky, and very tasty. Started with a place of EXCELLENT friend oysters to share. 
I had a beet salad to start - nothing really remarkable here, but tasty all the same, and then Grits & Grillades for the main. Grillades are slow-braised veal cheeks, done up in a nice rich gravy. The meat was tasty, but the grits were great. 
The food isn't innovative or even that current, but you can't help but love the place overall. Very friendly and honest service. Reasonable (but not cheap) prices. If you want more up-to-the-minute design and menu, try Cochon, but for a more down-home experience Dick & Jenny's is great.It was dinner time, and I was looking for a good meal.  She got the filet, and I got the duck.  It sounded so good, a half duck with a berry demi-glace.  At least the sides were alright.  This was the worst duck I have ever tasted, and it all comes down to execution.  The duck AND the sauce were burned, and the duck was so dry it was almost like jerky.  it was so bad I only ate two bites.  The second bite was because I honestly couldn't believe that this restaurant, which has survived in NOLA for many years, served me the worst executed duck I have ever had.  Ever.  As a professional chef myself, I cannot understand how anyone can let a dish like this make it to the table.
The filet was great, trust me I tried some to be sure.  The service was spot on, and upon noticing that my "duck" went untouched, my portion of the meal was comped.  The restaurant was clean, and had a nice atmosphere.  
All this being said, if someone else wanted to go, I wouldn't fuss.  However, there are so many other great restaurants in New Orleans!First time trying it over Thanksgiving break. We had really terrible service. Our waiter got every part of our order wrong. We were brought things we had already eaten and the salad never came so we had to ask for it and have it after our entree. It shouldn't be difficult to order soup, salad, and entree and have it arrive correctly and in a normal order. Our waiter was very rude from the start and we still were given the whole bill even though every dish was wrong. Won't be back. We love eating in New Orleans and eating out in general, but not here.Expecting the place to be somewhat upscale, we imagined the restaurant would exude stuffiness. Our expectations were quickly, and thankfully, shattered as soon as we opened the door and heard the maitre de complaining to a guest about not being able to pick up Tashard Choice on waivers. In the midst of his fantasy rant, we were seated under the Christmas lit waiting area next to an indoor porch swing. Just moments later, we were guided though the converted bedrooms, and were seated in the main dining room which seemed to once serve as a living room. The neighborhood-like feel of the restaurant was inviting and radiated warmth. As my eyes wandered to the plate covered walls, it was hard to focus my attention on the diverse, fall-inspired menu. We started with the ridiculously affordable carafe of the house wine, and decided to skip the appetizers. Much to my surprise, Erin decided to get the lamb shank with a sage-rosemary demi-glace, so I went with the pork tenderloin stuffed with goat cheese and pine nuts. Both plates were served with creamy thyme- white cheddar grits and spinach which closely resembled a good ole pot of New Year's Day collard greens. Stuffed as a Mississippi Leg Hound, we decided to sacrifice dessert at this newfound comfort food eatery for a few rounds of ice cold eggnog.Mmmm. Definitely worth dining at if you are traveling through.
Dick and Jenny's is a curious, yellow shack in an even more curious area. The atmosphere is extremely homey as is the staff. The menu is mouthwateringly exciting and surprisingly gourmet.
I had the PAIN PERDU OF DUCK CONFIT - APPLES, BRIE & PEACH CHUTNEY and the PECAN CRUSTED LOUISIANA REDFISH - TOPPED WITH CREOLE MEUNIERE SAUCE & CRAB & TRUFFLE MICRO GREENS SERVED OVER ACADIAN POPCORN RICE & SOUTHERN GREENS. Both dishes rocked my tastebuds and made me shiver from joy.
Go eat there.Food and service were good. However, I added to our reservation that we were celebrating a birthday. Apparently seeing the notation in the reservation, the host mentioned the name of the birthday person as he seated us. Not only did no one acknowledge the birthday during the meal, but we overheard our waitress and the host mention "birthday" and laugh at the end of the evening.  Not cool.I can say with relative certainty that Dick and Jenny's would appear on my Top 10 restaurants ever list. It's a great concept for a restaurant and the food is phenomenal. 
I LOVE that they don't  take reservations. I LOVE their "waiting patio" - very comfortable and relaxing. And I LOVE their food. 
A half caraffe of wine and the Alligator Boudin Appetizer started us off. It had a great kick to it, and I loved the homemade jerky in the side salad. It ranks as the 3rd best edible during our trip. Wifey followed it up with the Pork & sweet potato. Super flavorfull and delicious. I got the Scallop and Shrimp with cream sauce and filo dough centerpiece - tasty but not the home run I was hoping for.  We rounded the meal up with a mexican chocolate torte - how could one go wrong?
For tourists and travelers operating in the Quarter/Downtown, Dick & Jenny's requires a cab ride. If that generates any hesitation, get over it now. Dick and Jenny's is worth the trip!We ate here twice- 1st dinner and last during our trip to NOLA. Love this place. Both meals were outstanding. Savory cheese cake and gumbo change daily and are the best we had. The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. Painted plates on the walls and paintings are charming. Low key, laid back place, with fresh delicious meals.Loved this restaurant. Definitely worth the cab ride from Bourbon street. Interesting menu with delicious ingredients. Very cute decor. Great for a date. I would highly recommend any of the seafood. Wish I was able to come here again, but our trip was only for a few days.It's great to find a place in New Orleans where vegetarians and carnivores can both eat well. While the vegetarian menu options were more limited, those options were delicious and not just an afterthought.
Great food. Unique and delicious cocktails. Attentive service.For being in a run down house, the food is good, especially the crispy duck. It is well prepared-not gamey at all considering I normally don't like duck. It's just pricey for the amount of food one gets.Drinks: ok, a little watered down
Appetizers: pretty good, under seasoned
Entrees: great! simple fare but beautifully prepared
Service: meh. We were rushed and she didn't really want to explain anything
Wouldn't go back any time soon.What an awesome meal " crab cake to die  for " met the Chef Merlin & he has brought Dick & Jenny's to a new level . Our server A.J was so great , his suggestions were spot on . If your are looking for a perfect date nite place , here it is !!!One of my favorite restaurants in town. You must try this place. They have amazing New Orleans' favorites. We just went back for another visit with some family that was in town and everyone was very pleased. We ordered the Gulf Fish plate, the Beef Ribs, and stuffed pork. Every plate comes out with love and the service is always spot on. There are no egos here so if you want something pretentious and overpriced, then go eat in the quarter.  
Dick and Jenny's is an amazing New Orleans establishment in Uptown!Service was awful. I think they lost our order. Everyone around us that was seated after us got their food way before us. My roasted beet salad with shaved Brussel sprouts was a shaved Brussel sprouts salad with a few beets. My Bouillabaisse was so overpowered with fennel it was awful. They did remove the cost of our appetizers because of the awful service .2nd time around for me and enjoyed every single bite. You can't go wrong here. BBQ shrimp to die for. Gumbo is among the best in town. 
Recently under new ownership, the folks who own Martinique a bit further up Magazine, another wonderful restaurant. They're doing it right. 
I'll be back.We have been meaning to check this place out and figured the Friday after Gustav was a good opportunity, since it might not be so crowded. Turned out we were the first post-storm customers through the door (more followed).
The menu was slightly modified but there was still plenty to choose from. We had escargots for an appetizer and flounder and the duck/sausage plate for entrees. All three were excellent. The sauce for the escargots was amazing. Also loved that they give you a piece of duck that is all meat -- seems like everytime I've had duck elsewhere it's good but you have to cut your way through tons of fat (I always assumed that's just the way duck is).
Having read some mixed things about the restaurant I have to say it lives up to the hype.
Plus they get bonus points for playing Uncle Tupelo.I actually give them 3.5 stars. This place was nice. I went here with my boyfriend on New Year's Eve. There were quite a few people, we were seated maybe 20 minutes after our reservation time, but they had taken our drink orders, the cocktails were original and tasty, and we were happy and fine with the extra wait. Service was a bit slow, and our waiter just didnt really seem to care he was there. I'd give waiter one star. The cornbread/ other unknown bread they brought out was pretty subpar, but we were hungry so we ate it.  The gumbo was INSANELY GOOD. It was so smoky and comforting and just great. Unfortunately they give you quite a small amount for $9 but boy was it delicious. We also shared these duck pastry things....they tasted good, but like pie, like dessert pie, couldnt really taste the duck. They were really good though, haha. I got the beef filet, which was super good, just really really good, though there could have been more asparagus (only 4 pieces...). My boyfriend got the redfish, which was pretty bland to me but I think he liked it well enough (he ate much of my meal, as usual...haha). So overall, this place was pretty good, but I'm in no hurry at all to go back. Too expensive for what it is.The food was perfectly fine and the service was friendly.  I went here with a large group of people and it was kind of a strange environment for a bunch of heavily tattooed people to sit down in.  Maybe like we were a bother? 
However, we enjoyed ourselves and they happened to have a wine special going on that night as well which was convenient.  I definitely just feel neutral about this place.