This place is truly a class act steakhouse. When we first arrived for our reservation we were greeted by three friendly hostesses. The place was bustling and very busy. We were sat about 15 minutes later at a cozy booth. The service and food were phenomenal. The only reason why I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because my boyfriend's steak came out incredibly overdone (he ordered it medium- pink all the way through and it came out well, without a touch of pink). I understand that things happen, food gets messed up, but this is a steakhouse and a $40 steak. My boyfriend did not complain, I'm sure the steak would have been fixed and replaced, but we did not want to wait for another one to be prepared. My steak (the petite filet with blue cheese) was cooked impeccably at medium rare. Our sides- the au gratin potatoes and asparagus were amazing as well as our dessert (triple chocolate cake). All in all, the experience, service, and food was worth the money. Oh! And there was a trio of men walking around the restaurant singing to patrons- it really brought you back in time and they had great voices. This really added an extra touch!Went there before the theatre and had to leave without eating dinner. It took over 40 minutes to receive our order & it was terrible. The onion rings were burnt, hamburger was cold & bun was stale. The waitress said she was begging the kitchen to hurry & the manager took the item off the bill but we left hungry. Kitchen staff needs some supervision. The tail is wagging the dog!Cocktails were great. Seasonal salad and wedge salad both delish. Filet cooked rare was perfect but my husbands prime rib was a bit over cooked but still had  a great flavor. Au gratin potatoes were just average. The dessert. Sweet potato cake was outstanding. Would highly recommend this restaurant. Wait staff was very attentive but not hovering.Best Dinner Experience I've ever had! Came to DB Steakhouse with a group of friends just for dinner, promptly greeted by the host and decided to get a drink at the bar while waiting for friends...Manager(Jordan & Brett) walked us to our table and welcomed us in! Alise, Carlos and Flip took excellent care of us! Chef Greg came over multiple times to ask how the food was which was EXCELLENT! Very nice seeing so much management present during service! Every server smiled and said hello when we walked by them. Still raving about the food which was by far the BEST food I've ever eaten in my life! I would recommend the Steakhouse to anyone looking for quality food and exceptional service! Thank you guys so much! Good job guys!The meal gets a five but service a three.
Meal, possibly the best of my life. So amazing. Steak perfect. Bone marrow: INCREDIBLE. Pontalba potatoes were the only mild disappointment. They would be better for brunch. Still yummy though.
A cappella group also gets a five! So fun.
Our server or "captain" was a real jerk. Almost ruined our dining experience. We saw him reprimand the other people helping us several times FOR HELPING US. I understand there's an order and how things are done but bottom line is we need to be helped and served. Our "captain" Rafael did not help us. At all. Nick was truly our server and did a great job. Julie also helped us and we saw her getting yelled at too only a few inches from our table. At one point Nick got pulled away and reprimanded WHILE he was at the table. He was so embarrassed when he came back. Poor thing. He didn't say anything negative about Rafael but I did. If Rafael was so interested in making sure our dining experience was good he would have come to our table more.Once-weekly lunch and every dinner had great service, good setting, excellent service. Expensive but food deserves it. As good as the original Brennan's is no longer (mass production there).I wasn't impressed with the actual dinner - ordered Shrimp Fettucini with creole alfredo and it was very bland - but the fried artichoke appetizer and the fried oyster appetizer were simply delicious. The service was outstanding and the place had great atmosphere, too. We had a private company lunch there, so noise wasn't an issue since we were the only guests. As with most places in the French Quarter, the building and atmosphere were amazing so it makes the whole experience worthwhile. I'd definitely go back even though I'm a vegetarian and only eat seafood. The fried oysters alone would be worth the trip!The gulf fish just melted in my mouth, and the other three in my party gave the steak five stars. In general, a delightful French quarter restaurant  experience and worth your time.Bring on the meat!
While I was here I heard great things about this place.  I've been making my way down the list of restaurants participating the Coolinary Specials and convinced my crew to stop in here. 
The food was excellent! I had the 6 oz medallions specials which was perfect for me.  Sorry, I can't chow down too much meat at once.  They were amazing!  It was the perfect portion for  me and left just enough room for the awesome sides baked potatoes and creamed spinach.  This coolinary special was for $33!  Can't beat that!
And of course dessert!  While Bananas Fosters is their signature dessert, they had a Guinness (in house made) ice cream that was to die for! I stole some from my buddies.....
You can not go wrong with this place.  It is worth the price, and will leave you great food memories of NOLA.Wonderful!  We were seated in the bar area, which I wasn't thrilled about.  They put us in a high table and I'm really short so my feet dangled through the whole meal.  But other that that I have no complaints.  The staff was great, very attentive and helpful.  The food was perfect.  I ordered the garlic crusted redfish with the lettuce wedge while my husband got the BBQ ribeye and spinach salad. For dessert we split the chocolate crepes.   It was my birthday and and great way to celebrate.  We will definitely be back.If you are familiar with this establishment, you definitely know the ambience is outstanding.  We arrived 30 minutes prior to the reservation time and was seated promptly.  The majority of the staff was attentive, professional, and a pleasure to be around.  Notably, Troy and and the hostess were outstanding!  It took a little longer than I imagined for the appetizers, but the main course came fast and was excellent!  I will definitively be back again, and put this restaurant in my great steak rotation.This place was kind of a big disappointment for me, but that's probably because of context:  every other meal we had in New Orleans was delicious AND unique, while this is just another steakhouse, and not a particularly fantastic one at that. 
We arrived in plenty of time before our party, so we took in a few drinks at the bar.  This would turn out to be a highlight:  the bar is beautiful and well stocked, and the drinks were strong and delicious.
When the balance of our party arrived, we took our seat in the dining room--a really nice space. Orders were placed, wine arrived and the night moved into the next stage.  When the appetizers arrived (I would order the tomato and blue cheese thing) we went to town.  Mine was good, nothing amazing, but nothing amazing is necessarily expected in a meal with two ingredients.  
The next round featured the steaks and sides.  I had a filet cooked medium rare.  It was cooked perfectly and well seasoned, but nothing about it really stood out.  It was simply: a steak (this is not necessarily a bad thing, it's just not special).  The sides varied from delicious to not at all good:  The best were the mashed sweet potatos, which were some of the best of these I've had.  The french fries were also delicious.  The summer squash was good, but unremarkable, and I opted to not try to mushrooms because I don't like mushrooms.  We didn't order mashed potatos but they brought them anyway.  I wish they hadn't:  I'm not saying they used an instant mix, but they sure did their best approximation of an instant mix.  Not good.
Desserts were similarly good-but-not amazing.
What was amazing though?  The service--just perfect.  Also, for three courses, and several bottles of wine for six people, it was significantly less expensive than I would have guessed.  So, for decent steak, great service and not much else, its worth it for the price.We actually had Happy Hour in the beautiful bar.....which was lovely.  The service was top notch...as well as the libations and happy hour food....and of course...the price was great (I think happy hour is 5-7?) Go here if you want to have a civilized cocktail and or something to munch on before dinner.  Check out the mini liquor bottle collection displayed on the walls...pretty cool.  Would like to try this place for dinner sometime.This is an excellent restaurant to visit for some seafood and steak. The ambiance is exquisite and the service is great. I highly recommend going to this location for any special event.While staying in New Orleans we came to Dickie Brennan's for dinner.  We were very impressed with the wait staff, the food, the ambiance.
We had the house salad, mashed potatoes and asparagus.
Our steaks were prepared just as we ordered and  I loved the dressing on their house salad.
A fine dining experience all the way around!A nice atmosphere. Food was very good. Prices were a bit high but okay spice the food was good.We're always looking for the elusive perfect happy hour. I wish I could say I found it here, but alas...
The prices? Not bad.
The food? Good, not great.
The service? Indifferent.
Prime Rib Sliders - never asked if we wanted any of the Worchestershire, Béarnaise or horseradish cream, and the crispy potato gaufrettes tasted like Ruffles that had been tossed in the deep fryer as an experiment.
Louisiana Crabmeat Batons with Pepper Jelly Glaze - couldn't taste the crab, but the jelly was quite spicy.
Grilled Beef Skewers with housemade Worcestershire sauce, served over Steak Fries - the fries were wonderful, the steak tips were not.
Crawfish & Artichoke Dip with garlic toast points - a hot glob of cheese. Minus points.
We'll keep searching....$5 after 5pm (til 7) includes 5 savory small plates & two cocktails (Spikes Arnold Palmer & Sobieski Martini).  Jovanda (in the bar area) and fellow staff (Jeff) were EXTREMELY polite!
I sat in the bar area and shared Tempura battered shrimp dippers, Louisiana crabmeat beggars purse & Prime cheeseburger sliders. All of these small plates were flavorful and perfectly sized for sharing. The bar wait staff was attentive & polite at all times. However, the staff at the reception area was nonchalant and seemed annoyed that I interrupted her filing her fingernails. (Mon, 5pm - young lady; didn't get her name). Just bypass her and go into the bar area on the left for wonderful service and yummy appetizers.
On-street parking is a challenge but perservere and you will be rewarded by the ambiance, food and drinks here.Top notch service and food.  We got the seafood gumbo, cowboy steak, potatoes au gratin, wedge salad, drum with polenta, bananas foster, and creme brûlée.  I can't say a negative thing about any dish.  We came for my husband's birthday and they put a couple of balloons on our table which was a nice touch.  Atmosphere is romantic if you want or inviting for a group of friends.  Bartenders knew what they were doing for my husband's sazerac and offered some tasty mocktails for me since I'm pregnant.  They offer $2 valet parking next door to the restaurant which is awesome considering the location!Wow-What an experience!  From five star service to outstanding food.  Three people waited on us.  The table was constantly kept clean, they kept the water filled, and we even got a free taste of one of their items before we ate.  The ranch dressing on my salad was perfect, and the filet melted in my mouth. The grilled asparagus was great-and I hate veggies.. Would go here anytime! Made my reservation through yelp, and it was perfect..I called the restaurant a few days in advance to make reservations. Told them my husband was celebrating a special birthday. When we arrived they wished him a happy birthday and walked us over to our table which was decorated with balloons and confetti. The service was amazing and the food was delicious. We ordered an entree for two Chateaubriand that came with a few sides of grilled veggies and potatoes. Omg..... it was amazingly delicious!!!!! You must also have dessert, the bread pudding is to die for. Definitely will go back when in town!!!!!Well, our evening started out a little confused. Made reservation for steakhouse, but started at the bourbon house by accident. Found out after getting drinks and appetizers that we were at wrong location. Called the steakhouse, they said no problem and changed our time. 
   On our arrival we were immediately shown to our table. The 3 of us all ordered a 24oz bone in rib-eye topped with blue cheese and pepper in crusted . They also came with potato, and oyster sides. We also had cocktails. Everything was excellent, food & service. Then it was time for cigars, then a food coma.If I could I would give them absolutely no stars for this horrible place. The host was just so rude and didn't even welcome us in. Really, that host needs to stop being racist and only help Caucasian. WTF, I thought we stopped the racism. We were told to wait 20-30 mins and waited for about 20 mins. And I saw that some people came in after and was told to wait the same amount was seated down before us. Just because we don't look like old people don't mean we don't have money ok.Been here many times, always great. Service always professional and polite and super. Can't say enough.This review is from February 2017 
Went here our first nice with a group of people for dinner. 
The appetizers were good however the food not so much. The wait for our drinks took a while which I guess was common for a big group, but you would think they would plan accordingly. It's not the best steak for me, guess I should have gotten fish like everyone else lol.  The Mac and cheese was BAD 
The entertainment while having dessert was so much fun and the singing was even better. 
Overall I would say 3 out of 5Food was great and service was great.  I had a great 24 oz (cowboy cut) medium rare rib eye steak with grilled asparagus and augratin potatoes.  There were many other great things in the menu, like soft shell crabs, seafood gumbo and many other cuts of steaks, but tonight I wanted a rib eye.  I think I will try the prime rib and the gumbo next time.  I was so full that I couldn't eat dessert.This Brennan's is a bit better than most, but with a steakhouse there's a lot less variables involved do i guess that's why. Still, you'd do better going to Crescent City if you're not up to Ruth's CHRIS.Horrible, they have no customer service.  5 of us there and our steaks were raw. We sent them back and they came back the same way. Asked to talk to the Manger and had to ask 5 times before he showed up. All he said was ok and took them off the bill. I will never go back, so many better steakhouses nearby so don't go here.Best steak I've ever had. First time to New Orleans and I will never forget this meal. Everything was cooked perfectly, service was great, and atmosphere was awesome. I highly recommend it.Seemed a bit overpriced in my opinion, and the service wasn't quite there. Quality of the steaks was good though. But not good enough to get any more of my money.Had dinner here last night and was disappointed by everything except the service.  I rarely eat burgers but was craving one and I absolutely love DB onion rings.  Since they claim to have one of the top 5 burgers in the city and use prime beef we decided to go.  Everything we ordered was a complete fail.  Foie gras dusted French fries came out soggy, limp and awful without any hint of the flavor that was expected.  Blue crab beignets weren't cooked completely.  Seriously, there was raw batter inside.  Another fail.  Burgers came out missing the bacon and the tomato jam, a bit over cooked, and the beautiful onion rings  were uncooked on the inside.  The fryer was too hot and must have browned everything too quickly.  Inexcusable for a Brennan's eatery.  I asked for some of their garlic aioli.  Well I don't consider regular mayo with a sprinkle of garlic powder on top garlic aioli.  Sorry DB, but I'm done.  We live in the quarter and enjoy walking to dinner but next time I'll be taking a cab to Luke, La Petite Grocery, or Junction.  Two stars for the great service.Our family of three made reservations and were seated within a few minutes of arriving. Waitstaff was wonderful! Food was delicious! Husband had the Escargot appetizer, truly amazingly delicious. We all had steaks, prepared exactly to order. My barbecued Shrimp Ribeye was  great. We went away stuffed!When my  Polish traveling companion and young American friend wanted "mild" fish not seafood, we took a chance and just walked into Brennan's at 7pm on a Friday night. Got a great table right away and then laughed with delight several hours away with great food, excellent service, and very pleasant ambiance. 
As a ovolacto vegetarian (no fish no chicken no seafood no sauces made with animal broths...), I always enjoy "testing" the wait staff in a place with no obvious vegetarian option.   Roy the waiter didn't even blink when I asked him what there might be for me... he recommended that I allow the chef to create a vegetable dish for me. It was excellent. Basically extremely perfectly sauted very fresh vegetables with great seasoning... 
My friends' fish was really excellent and they also raved about the turtle soup and the gumbo.
The service was astonishing. I worked for twenty years in restaurants whilst getting my Ph.D. and I loved the service: Prompt, courteous, not too personal but involved. Roy and William anticipated our every need. My two young friends were truly impressed and felt so comfortable. That is a lovely combination. Thanks.I find myself coming here a few times a week whenever I'm the FQ. It's quiet and subdued. Warm steakhouse atmosphere. Great wines. Dependable food. It's just perfect to avoid the hoards of wobbling tourists outside.  Diagonally across Royal come the Monteleone. To me, a step up come Mr. B's across the street. Never disappointed.Bar staff super friendly and knowledgeable, excellent drinks that were reasonably priced. GREAT Bourbon selection. Char-grilled oysters were perfect, as were our bartender's suggestion of premium oysters on the half shell. Great experience!Great Steakhouse! Very nice place compared to all of the other places nearby. Very upscale. The hostess staff were a little unfriendly and incompetent. They said to wait in the bar, but I had to remind them to take my name. Steak was AMAZING!! prices are a little high, but well worth it. The desert (bread pudding) was fantastic. Waiter and other staff were very friendly. If you can afford it GO!This place is right between 4-5 stars.
Pros: Service was pretty good, though our waiter didn't share with us the specials that we heard other waitstaff telling their customers. Both my friend and I loved our meat dishes. He got filet, I got prime rib. The creamed spinach was wonderful and reminded me of the old Berghoff's in Chicago. We split the chocolate cake for dessert; topped with shavings of white chocolate, it was fantastic.  
Cons: Portions are huge. I would have been fine with a 6-8 oz slice of prime rib, and left half of it because I simply could not eat more meat. We got a half carafe of the merlot, which tasted as if it had been open for a long time. Don't get the fries -- they were soggy and cold by the time they arrived at our table. Prices were quite high but typical of a steakhouse. Don't come here if you're on a budget!Quite  possibly the finest steakhouse in north america. I had a perfect ribeye there and heard angels sing. if you are in NO and want steak, this is the right place. Don't waste time anywhere else, go straight for dickie brennan's. Double highly reccommend.We enjoy eating in the bar. It's upbeat and cozy. Excellent menu. Best steaks. Prime rib cowboy highly recommended.Dinner took 3 hours for a party of 7. Steak was terrible and the waitress was even worse.  This restaurant is way overrated.Eh. I went here for prime rib and they were out of it. How does a steak house run out of meat of any variety. They waited until after bringing our drink order to tell us this so we decided to stay but the experience was already ruined. 
Prices were high, and my substitute steak was ok, but not great. 
I can't see myself going back.Excellent steakhouse!!!   Delicious food with impeccable service!   Justin and his team ensured our anniversary dinner was memorable!   Thank you!Went there for the first time last night.  I made reservations 5 days prior, for 7:30, 2 people.  Waaay beforehand to assure us of a decent table.  We got there promptly at 7:30.  The place was packed.  Apparently, there was a big convention in town and my guess is that the restaurant had a lot of walk ins.  In my opinion, walk ins should not matter if you have a reservation.  Anyway, we're told we would have about a 15 minute wait... they were "running" behind schedule.  The unfriendly hostess (caucasion girl, kind of a big girl) came and got us from the bar.  I got out my chair turned to follow her and she was gone.  Didn't wait for us, met us at the steps going down into the restaurant (Rude).  She proceeds to show us a table for 2, about 2 feet wide and about 8 inches from another couple who were seated at a table, wider than the one she was showing us.  I told her 'no, this table would not do.'  After making my reservation far in advance and then having to wait, I wanted a nice table not on top of someone else.  She rudely turned and proceeded to walk upstairs (I was not rude when I told her this.  I said it in a nice voice, smiling).  She whispered to one of the other hostesses who then told me it would be another 15 to 20 minutes to get a better table or a booth.  I agreed and waited.  We waited about 20 minutes and finally got seated in a booth.  We ordered and ate.  I ordered a petite filet and told the waiter I would like it well done.  I said if that was hard to do, I had no problem with having it butterflied.  The waiter told me it was no problem.  My steak came and it was blood red in the middle.  I didn't feel like telling the waiter so I ate around the edges. It was so so in taste... nothing special.  The cream spinach was very good.  As I was finishing my cosmo, the waiter asked if I would like another and I said yes.  He grabbed my glass.  I had about 2 sips left but again, didn't say anything.  My husband finished his meal,  We sat there about another 25 minutes and my 2nd cosmo never came nor did the waiter even approach our table again.  My husband finally had to yell his name when he was close by at another table and ask him to bring our check.  I hate to criticize someone's looks but the waiter had rotten teeth, not a very nice feature when you're serving food and what is supposed to be a nice restaurant.  He was attentive at first but then we faded as the night went on.  Between the rude hostesses, lack of attentiveness and ridiculous wait even with a reservation, I will not go back and do not recommend at all.  Besides, it's really a tourist attraction restaurant.  Tourists should try Austin's in Metairie.  The steaks are the best!The lighting is very cold in this restaurant.  Seems like they use flourescents... Doesn't quite set the mood for a steak dinner.  My steak was over cooked and no one came by for 15 min to see how our food was.  By then I was so hungry I just ate the dried out steak.  The vegtable du jour was delicious.  I would probably not go back.Their 24 oz. bone-in ribeye is to die for. This steak was simply seasoned in what it appeared to almost be a Cajun seasoning. It was cooked to our liking with some delicious side dishes of mac and cheese, au gratin potatoes, and mushrooms.   For desert, we ordered the bread pudding, which was just as delicious. 
I will definitely recommend this place for anyway wanting to enjoy a steak dinner during their visit in the French Quarter.Wonderful from start to finish.  Dickie Brennans is located in the french quarter. However, once you walk through the revolving doors the atmosphere is definitely upscale. The dim lighting made the setting feel private and intimate.  As soon as we sat down we were greeted by one of our three servers.  We started with the fried oysters in a Tabasco Chipotle cream sauce. I never used to be a fan of fried oysters but Restaurant August turned that around for me and Dickie Brennans is added to the list of making fried oysters delicious.  The sauce was not to spicy it was very flavorful. My entrée consisted of the filet with steamed lobster and creamed spinach.  My filet was prepared as requested the lobster was succulent.  The service was unbeatable.  They had a quartet singing in the dining area which was an unexpected treat.  I will definitely return.  I had an awesome experience.Best steak I've had in a very long time! It's a pretty fancy place the atmosphere is very pleasant! Our server was a little hard to understand and very distant but the food is unbeatable!!! Melt in your mouth, tears of joy   Kind of good!!! I will recommend this place to any true steak lover! Me and my boyfriend got the 12 ounce ribeye and split it with a side of mashed potatoes and the butternut squash soup! Yummy!I was looking for a great place to celebrate the first friend I met when moving to Austin, Tx. She was coming to my city and we hadn't spent any quality time together in at least 12-15 years. So, we experienced Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse for the very first time, together!
We were enthusiastically greeted and escorted to the dining room, which is below street level (I didn't know this was even an option in NOLA). Our table was positioned sort of in the middle of the room, which I enjoyed because I love to see what's going on, what other people ordered, etc. 
The ambiance was rich. Dark walls, light floors, stellar staff! This place, just being in it makes you feel special! Our service team and management were incredibly attentive, water glasses always filled, and never (not even once) did we have to look for them. 
We were promptly treated to an amuse, which was quite delicious! Then it was game on! This menu, while carrying some very traditional entrees, as well as steakhouse fare, was also packed with a few surprises. Not one to conform to the norm, I branched out...
My appetizer was bone marrow topped with escargot. So. Incredibly. Decadent.!!! I just savored every bite. It was rich and delicious, gelatinous and fatty - as it should be!
Now how does one follow up with fat? How about duck cooked in duck fat? It was an evening of pure indulgence, and I went for the confit of duck leg with duck breast. It was so incredibly perfect, bursting with flavor, juicy and delicious - just as one would suspect! Washing this all down with a beautiful Chateau Montelena Cabernet Sauvignon was the proverbial icing on the cake! 
Did someone say cake? How about a 7 layer sweet potato doberge cake with a king cake eclair on the side? This sugary dynamic duo represented all that you dream desserts would be. And the perfect sugar high to end an absolutely PERFECT dining experience. 
I can hardly wait for another special occasion, so that I can celebrate it here. 
Highly recommended! If you come here and don't love it, then you don't know how to eat ;-)best service i have ever received.  best food i have ever had. best experience ive ever experiencedGreat atmosphere but disappointed in the service. We had reservations and got seated right on time. We ordered our drinks-took a while to get them. We ordered our meals and we waited over an hour. We finally asked and were told 5 mins. About 15 min later our steaks came but not our 6 sides we had ordered. Obviously our order was not put in but the waiters were not willing to admit that. We would have been happy with an apology-but they acted like it was no big deal and never offered any explanation. The food was delicious but our party of 6 will not return!This was one of the best places I visited while I was in New Orleans.  The turtle soup was amazing one of my favorites!  The service was excellent and I would recommend this place for anyone thinking of trying it!My friend and I have a bucket list to hit the top ten steakhouses in America. So far we have been to Pappas Bros, Gibsons, Jean and Georgettis, Killens, Bohanans , Peter Lugers and Cut, all of which are top notch and worthy of being in the top ten. How Dickie Brennans got on this list is beyond me. First of all the hostess was dressed like a street walker. The wait staff were not that knowledgeable, slow and inattentive, we even had to pour our own wine and sit with empty water glasses. We started with turtle soup and the worst French Onion soup I have ever had and to top it off the soup was luke warm. We then had a filet and a ribeye, both tasted like they were boiled and had no flavor. They were not seared, flavorless and chewy. Your a steakhouse and can't prepare a proper steak? The sides were just as bad, the worse being the Brussel sprouts. I like my veggies al dente but they were hard as marbles, they were so hard my fork would not penetrate them. I ordered a bottle of wine, they were out and told me they hadn't had that label for months. I asked for their som but one waiter said they didn't have one the other waiter said he doesn't show up there, "he is the som for all four of their restaurants and I guess spends his time at home. The wine list is terrible for a upper end steakhouse. This was my single worst experience at a steakhouse in my life. 
Maybe the tourist type Bourbon street crowd think this place is good, if so they need to go back to Golden Corral.
Don't believe the hype or reviews and save your money and go somewhere worthy of the price.Had lunch there yesterday.  Service was awful!!  Wait staff not remember who ordered what, steak not cooked to order,   Food was ordinary except for turtle soup which was superb.  So disappointed.A French Quarter institution, located right on Bourbon Street. Old school steakhouse with a Cajun/Creole twist. I've been here several times over the past decade during my trips to New Orleans, and it always is a good meal. Big fan of the shrimp and grits appetizer, the crab cake appetizer, and the large filet. They cook the steak perfectly, and its well seasoned. Also a big fan of the truffled Mac and Cheese.The steak was delish as were the sides (onion rings & whipped potatoes). What fell flat for me was the ambiance. It just wasn't there for me. It was a great steak but you can get a great steak at a lot of places in NOLA, especially for that price.Good service, good food.  We were able to get an 8:30 pm reservation for a party of 7 the Saturday afternoon of Columbus Day weekend which was surprising .  I don't have anything bad to say other than one of my companions didn't get the prime rib he ordered, saying they were out of both cuts he requested - way after he ordered, when the rest of our entrees were being served.  But, I have nothing fabulous to say either.  Fairly typical steakhouse.  We all enjoyed our meals.We started in the bar which was great. Very pleasant and good drinks. The service from beginning to end was very attentive, friendly and flawless. 
The food was very good. I had the gumbo and my steak came with oysters which I loved. Our sever recommended a wine which was also very good. 
We samped three desserts which were also amazing and I am not usually a dessert person. 
I would definitely go back.Great experience!  The staff were very friendly including the GM who came to our table and had a 10 min conversation at our request.  The food was fantastic from the appetizers to the dessert. The menu is gluten free friendly with lots of options.  I will be back next time I'm in NO!Fantastic food. Best steak I've had in a long time. They made chicken nuggets for my 8-yr old and they were great. Fresh warm bread before the meal was great. The food gets 5 stars. The service would get 2 or maybe 1. We were in jeans, sweatshirts and sneakers. We had been walking all day to the aquarium and museums. There was only 1 waiter there who didn't treat us differently because of how we were dressed. We are from the country. We didn't travel with the fanciest clothes. But our money spends just the same as everyone else's. Looking down your nose is not a good way to earn repeat business.This was pleasant, but not great.
steak was okay, but not even up to the standards of Ruth's Chris.
Service was nice, lots of servers.
The chocolate sauce for the ice cream was bad.
I know, strange.....
but it tasted yucky.
go figureThe service was excellent and so was the food except ....my filet was dry and it was cooked medium rare. I'm used to grilled and juicy so I was disappointed about that. My husbands prime rib was tender and juicy so he was very happyWalked out very disappointed. Saturday dinner for my husbands was a complete bust. We sat for a good 8 minutes waiting for someone to give us a menu. I get that its saturday and they were busy. Finally, bunch of waiters came and ask for our drinks, bread and water. It took her another 10 minutes to take our order.
I ordered caesar salad, rib eye, cream spinach, mushroom and au gratin. My husband ordered gumbo and prime rib.
Caesar salad was the highlight of my dinner. My steak was ok. Cream of spinach was so bad, we barely touch it. I didn't try the au gratin, it was watery, my husband said it wasnt good. 
It hurts paying for a bad meal!!!My overall experience here was great. It starts of by being greeted immediately by the hostess and brought to our table [we had a large party so we made reservations prior]. Once seated, we were introduced to our wait team (each party receives three wait staff). Everyone was so nice and attentive. 
On to the courses. For appetizers, we ordered the portobello mushrooms, bbq shrimp with fried grits, and lobster and artichoke dip. They were all great but I absolutely loved the lobster and artichoke dip. For the entree, I ordered the sirloin strip cooked medium rare. Perfection! It was seasoned just right and cooked to a perfect temperature. So juicy and yummy! One of my sister ordered the garlic grilled redfish. I tried a price and thought it was good. It buttery and kinda melts in your mouth. If you like garlic, you'll like the redfish. My other sister ordered the ribeye. I thought her ribeye was on the salty side but still good. I think it's saltier because the ribeye were sliced thinner. I thought the strip was perfect for me. It's a thicker piece but seasoned well. None of us got desserts because we were just too full by then. But because it was my sister's birthday, she received a strawberry mint sherbet on a wafer bowl. We each tried it and it tasted great! It's a perfect light dessert the end a perfect evening.I went to Dickie Brennan's together with a colleague last week. 
We were in town for a conference and wanted to have a good meal after a long day at the conference. The concierge at the hotel recommended this place and he was right in directing us here.
It was very good, from the crab appetizer New Orleans style to the very tasty steaks we both had for entrees.
To finish things off we had very good, chickory infused coffee.
Overall very good food, fabulous service - but a little pricey.We were in NOLA at the end of Mardi Gras; ate at Brennan's on Wed. 3/6.  I've been to several really good restaurants in New York, including Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill and I can honestly say, Brennan's measures up to Mesa Grill.  The service was impeccable and the food delightful!  I had the scallops and risotto.  My son had steak (honestly, not sure which one)  and onion rings.  I also had the seafood gumbo for appetizer and though it was not my favorite gumbo, I asked to get it w/o oysters and though it was not offered that way, they made sure to take out all of the oysters based on my preference!!!  This was very much appreciated and above and beyond what I expected!  The chocolate mousse is divine, but the coconut cake is simply sinful :)  Really great experience - thank you Brennan's for a wonderful first experience
 in NOLA!!!!Price does not match their performance or quality!
I could elaborate more, but for $50 a plate I would expect better performance and portion sizes.
1 - Sat by the windows in the bar area, there was a cold blast of air coming from somewhere the whole time.
2 - The bread they provide is very good and tasty, but the crust is incredibly friable and they did not provide a sharp knife - so tearing it apart made an incredible mess.
3 - They have no imported beers.  I'm not a big drinker, but Bud and Coors have no appeal to me.
4 - They were out of root beer.
5 - They forgot the onions on my salad (the only thing I ordered).
6 - Service was slow - and we were 30 minutes ahead of the rush.
7 - Even though 4 different people were waiting on us, it took almost 10 minutes to get a second round of bread.
8 - Portions were very small - steak cuts were 6 or 8 ounces.  After we left we walked around the corner to the burger place so my sons could get more food.
9 - Constant "attention" to filling our water glasses and shuffling around plates was difficult due to our seating arrangement and became quite intrusive.
10 - There is NO hot water in the sinks in the men's room.  I don't mean it is off, or there was a problem, The hot water is not even supplied to the sink (I was going to turn it on).
I am no stranger to 5-star restaurants, I travel extensively all over the US and Europe.  I have had better service, portions, and facilities at any of the other places.
We regularly get better quality, portions, service, and facilities (hot water) at our local diner.
Sorry to sound like a snob, but my user experience does not square with their charges - which I have gladly paid many times at establishments worthy of the charge.The environment was high class. The food was good and the hospitality put the experience over the top.We ate here at 8 on a Friday night. We had a reservation which is a must. We were seated fairly quickly after arriving. The wait staff was uninterested in us. The food was cold. The drinks slow to arrive. The only bright spot was the desert. The chocolate cake was awesome. I had lobster. It was cold and water was running off plate. Butter was not served warm. The prime rib was also cold and had little flavor. Save your money with so much great food and service in this town.Based on the majority of reviews, we had high expectations of a lovely dining experience at Dickie Brennan's. It was our last night in New Orleans and my husband and I always pick a restaurant that we think will give us a great memory of our vacation. Unfortunately, Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse provided us with the exact opposite. I will say that the food is very good (not outstanding) but the dining room is very open, loud, filled with kitchen noise, crowded and reminded us of a dining hall.
The experience started with my having to return my cocktail which was nothing like I ordered. It wasn't so much that the classic cocktail was wrong, it was how the server Rebekkah responded to my asking for it to be re-made properly. She acted annoyed, never apologized for the error and never asked if the second one was OK. My husband referred to her throughout the meal as "the face of gloom".  However,none of the staff looked happy to be there and with the exception of the gentleman who greeted us upon arriving, no one spoke to us, asked if our meal was OK or if we needed anything during the meal. Upon being seated, Rebekkah did tell us the specials and in a few minutes asked if we were ready to order. That was the final visit except to drop off my re-made drink as she walked by the table without stopping longer than it took to put the drink down without saying anything. Someone else dropped off our food without a smile either.
At our last restaurant in a city, we usually like to linger over coffee, after dinner drinks and dessert. Our disappointment with the service and atmosphere precipitated us leaving and went elsewhere to enjoy the end of our dining experience. We are reasonable people who rarely, if ever write reviews but we felt that reviews don't always represent alternate views of an establishment. We probably would not have chosen this restaurant if we had seen some more realistic reviews. 
There are too many excellent restaurants in New Orleans where the dining experience is terrific and customers are appreciated. We feel Dickie Brennan's steakhouse management may have lost touch with this  important detail.All I can say was this place was fantastic. We have been to a number of high-end steak restaurants throughout the country, and this place ranks with any of them. The staff was absolutely fantastic and we couldn't have asked for anything more. The food we exceptional.  We would highly recommend this place to anyone in New Orleans who's looking for a higher end steak dinner.One of the most memorable meals I had in New Orleans (its all sort of a blur)  Delicious, great service, and the ubiquitous tvs with sports on, even though it is a classy joint.  HUGE portions...if only I could have eaten more....I have to say that I have not been this disappointed this much by a restaurant in a long time.  While we were seated quickly, the service for the remainder of the evening was absolutely terrible.  
We had a 20 minute wait just to order drinks
another 20+ minute wait from between the time our menus were "dropped off" at our table and between the time someone took our order
We had to flag a waiter down for drinks
There was no explanation of the menu, specials, etc.
In general, we felt like we were an afterthought to the wait staff.  I looked on in envy as the tables around us received good service - full explanation of the menu, waiters that stopped by frequently to check on the food, frequent drink refills, etc. 
The food was good.  The prime rib was great, the turtle soup fantastic, but the fois gras ... don't even bother ordering it.  $18 for a TINY piece.  It's funny that the ONE answer that I got from the waiter was on the fois gras and he recommended it ..
Granted, the place was busy, but other tables around us got more attention and at least a decent level of service.  Quite frankly, we skipped desert because we couldn't wait to get out of there.  We felt uncomfortable, to say the least. 
As a side note, it was also my girlfriend's birthday.  Not a word from the staff about it, even though I had noted it in the reservation AND told the hostess when we were seated. From a higher-end place like this, I would expect something.  But ... nothing.  
In a town with a lot of great food and a lot of great choices, many times service is the deciding factor.  I don't think we will return here any time soon.Flew from Los Angeles just to eat here again. This is the best steak I have ever had. We had the same waiter we had a year ago and he was just as amazing with his service as the last time. Can't wait to come back next year!This review is for DINNER - and although this is a steakhouse my review isn't on steak, but on their mashed sweet potatoes, escargot, and red fish instead..  Sorry meat heads!
The red fish dinner portion is huge! It sits on top of chopped potatoes and sauteed spinach is on top of the fish, yum yum!  The fish was cooked perfectly.
The escargot is the best I've ever had!  All the small pieces of snail are already pulled out and put into a bowl with Its not the typical 'super chewy butter drenched in garlic' kind, but it was soft.  So soft it honestly could've passed for something other than snails, but they were definitely snails! 
Sorry I can't speak for the prime rib or any other kind of meat, but my coworkers didn't seem too thrilled about it!
Let's not forget, the atmosphere here is really nice.  It has more of that upscale feel.  The ladies greet you as you check in for your reservation, if you have a coat they can check it in for you, and when you leave they help put it on you as well (i haven't gotten service like that in a LONG time).  The servers done scrape the food off your seating area or anything, but they do things like: bring another full glass of water although your current glass could already be full - just so its cold and fresh.  If I'm ever back in town, I'll be back for the escargot!My husband and I had reservations here for over a week to celebrate my bday. we were seated next to a table of four which were very loud and cursing badly. I am no prude, but their  behavior wad very inappropriate. We asked to be seated somewhere else, but we were  told there was no where else to seat us since my husband was wearing shorts. It was 90 degrees in NOLA today and he had on a nice long sleeve, designer shirt, and dress shorts and I had on a nice dress and heels ( the people cursing had on shorts and sports jerseys). Absolutely ridiculous. Do not waste your time. There are too many nice places in NOLA.My favorite place to eat in New Orleans. Great atmosphere, very attentive waitstaff. Every steak is spot on, exactly as requested. 
When you consider the quality and overall experience, probably the best high end dinning value in the city. 
Very convenient location also, right in the heart of the French Quarter.
Have eaten at many of the top steakhouses in the country and this place is as good as any of them.This is another of the times that I wish Yelp had a 1/2 star option. While Dickie Brennan's isn't quite a 5-star establishment, the 4-stars seems a bit weak.  I am going to be generous and give it a 5.
The restaurant itself does manage to take all of the elements of a top-tier steakhouse and just the right amount of classic NOLA to give a truly memorable dining experience. 
The food - I started with a cup of the turtle soup. A faithful rendition of the creole classic - a thick, roux based, well seasoned soup full of finely chopped turtle meat and garnished with sherry - was very good if not exceptional. 
Mains: My dining companion selected the Barbecued Rib-eye cooked medium. It consisted of an excellent 14 oz cut of beef topped with the house barbecued shrimp and paired with garlic mashed potatoes. The barbecued shrimp were quite good (not the best that I have ever had - that honor belongs to Emeril) and the steak was very flavorful and not overly fatty (a common issue for me with rib cuts) with a perfect texture. The magic here is the combination of flavors - the barbecued shrimp sauce added added another dimension to the beef flavor that was slightly sweet, a little spicy, and very rich. All in all an excellent dish. 
I selected the House Fillet - a truly amazing dish. It's basically a layered dish - a base of creamed spinach is surrounded by an excellent potato hash and topped with a perfectly cooked 8 oz fillet (medium rare just as ordered) . The whole thing is topped off with a perfect Bearnaise sauce garnished with fried oysters. The steak itself was a great prime fillet and while maybe not the best I have ever had was certainly very, very good. The fried oysters on the other hand probably are the best I have ever had (they are also available as an appetizer). However the amazing thing here is the way all of the individual elements interacted to create an almost mind blowing good dish. The sum is defiantly superior to the individual parts. All in all it's really one of the best dishes that I have ever eaten. 
Dessert - we split the chocolate praline mousse. Good but not exceptional (maybe we were just too full by that point - this is very rich food we are talking about here). The coffee however was excellent! 
Wines: A very good list! A nice mix of reasonable ($50 price range) along with quite a few very high end (several hundred dollar) bottles. I found an excellent Cab in the reasonable range that went perfectly with the heavy food. 
Service: slight downfall here. Upon entering the restaurant and checking in it took the host several minutes to locate our reservation. Not a huge issue but one that should be addressed. Service itself was friendly and professional but maybe a little slow. 
Comment: you are going to lay a few bucks on the table here but it's no more expensive than any other high end steakhouse. Also, dress up a little. You don't necessarily need your jacket but please don't wear jeans.  Impress your date!
Bottom line: if you want a big beef dinner and are willing to pay for it this is your place! maybe not quite 5 stars but pretty dang close!Had the oysters for starters followed by the 24oz prime rib for dinner. Both prepared to perfection.The food here was just ok. The staff was another issue. Within 5 minutes of being there, 5 different servers approached us but when an issue came up with our meals, no one was to be found. Ashley, a server assistant, was the only one who seemed to notice or care. When we spoke to the manager about our concerns, he thanked us for the feedback and walked away. He never actually apologized. A similar thing happened at the table next to us. As a gesture, they comp'd the meal that was sent back and sent over a dessert that neither of us were even able to eat because of dietary issues. Perhaps they could have asked us what they could have done for us instead of assuming. There was a complete breakdown of lack of proper customer service here. The essential steps of service weren't followed or even known. It was 5-star prices, 3-star food and 1-star service.We just celebrated 3 birthdays at this restaurant. The food and service were outstanding and we felt so special! That should not be a surprise to us, because each and every time we've dined here we've had the same wonderful  experience. So get yourself  a little dressed up and go experience this fine dining establishment.