Kolaches and donuts are amazing. Coffee is pretty watery and borderline gross. Decor is awesome. Parking is a drag. Staff is friendly. Too many toddlers crawling on the walls. Great music. However, I understand when "Thriller" is being played it deserves to be dialed up. But god damn! It drowned out every conversation and sent half the restaurant to move outside just to talk. Maybe that was the goal. The music was never turned down after. It felt like bourbon street with toddlers and yoga pants.First time here. Donuts are excellent and the coffee is great!!!!! I took my stuff to go today, but will definitely return to sit inside next time and enjoy my treats!!!!The donuts I've tried were great and the sliders are good..
I was looking forward to the cheese waffle fries, but I wouldn't recommend it.
The cheese is very gritty and it threw it all of for me.so good for a brunch spot, and a really good location. parking can be a hassle, but all you really have to do is park in a side street or in front or across haha. they also have a parking lot but the chances of them having a space open is slim to none. seating is rough: usually the line wraps around the tables, so while you/your group is in line, have someone on the lookout for tables and snatch one up while waiting. then when y'all order someone switch spots so the other person can order. (tip for when it's packed lol) food wise, the cinnamon roll was one of the best cinnamon rolls ever. it was just really gooey and warm and the brûléed sugar was to die for, and it was so good with coffee. they have a really great variety, from sweet to savory. my friends got cheese fries. the coffee is phenomenal, the viet iced coffee was so strong and sooo good.. i regretted not getting the 16 oz (it comes in 12 oz or 16 oz). i've had the sliders at the magazine location and they are really good too! check out the specials they have for sliders everyday. overall, this place is great for a unique breakfast experience. they have unique sliders and biscuits, kolaches, and of course, fun donuts! it's really a staple now.Donuts and brûlée cinnamon rolls are amazin! I am curious about their coffees?? I like flavored coffee the most but was wondering a good hot coffee. I loved the Vietnamese iced coffee. Thanks!WOW!
This Sunday morning breakfast is one for the books.  Considering that there were a ton of people there on Sunday morning, the turn over was very fast. 
We ordered a pork belly taco (YUM!), miso bacon and egg biscuit, Nutella donut, and brownie batter donut. All were amazing!
The staff was very friendly and helpful when we needed boxes to take portions of our goodies to go.
We cannot wait to visit again the next time we are in New Orleans.Wow, this place is beautiful. It's on Harrison Ave by Canal Blvd, so easily accessible from the 610, which means I can (sort of) make it there and back on my lunch break. Just like the original District location on Magazine, they have delicious donuts and savories. I absolutely love all of the donuts, but my most craved item on their menu will be, now and forever, cheesy cheesy cheese fries. The cinnamon roll is a close second, though.
I believe the menu is the same as at the Magazine location, so if you're already familiar with District, there won't be many surprises here, except maybe how lovely the decor is. The painted floor and natural wood furniture lend a cozy touch to the light, airy space. Seating is limited, but there are a few extra tables outside, and it's not a bad street to stroll along while you scarf your food - although if you're anything like me, this will mean wearing a lot of your donut filling in your hair and on your clothing.
In short, go to District for friendly service in a pretty setting, and eat some delicious food!UberEats saved the day!
I ordered the Chicken, Pork Belly, and Roast Beef Slider. These are a bit small, but its perfect  if you just want to try them all! The sweet and spicy slaw and candied jalapeno in fried chicken slider had best balanced flavors! The donuts are MASSIVE, so one could be too much for just one person. The Vietnamese Coffee donut is sooooo goood!My review is based on donuts, because it's a donut place, right? My first experience here was one Saturday morning when I was craving a donut because I hadn't had carbs all week. I got the blackberry black pepper donut because it was absolutely beautiful and I love berries. It was served to me in a fancy little personalized donut box, for $3. Hmm, I wondered, three dollars for one donut seems really expensive, it must be this fancy little box, I should probably keep it. Well, it was the box because the donut was not good. There was no flavor, I was expecting some berry flavor mixed with spiciness, but it just tasted like a glazed donut. The only time I got berry flavor was the bite with the whole blackberry garnish. The bottom was greasy. The consistency of the dough was thick and heavy. I was not going back, but my husband brought home a donut for me recently so gave it another shot. A bourbon something or other, right up my alley. Same problems as the first donut. Greasy bottom, tough, thick dough, no flavor beyond sugar sweetness. But this one did have one good bite that contained the bourbon flavor. But it was just one bite, not enough to justify the cost or eating the rest of the donut to find it. If you are looking for a good donut and not a hipster experience, I highly recommend Southshore Donuts on Downman Rd.First time here! I tried the Dulce Cubano and oh my it's delicious. It's a somewhat small portion but worth it. The place is packed and the service is fast. The donuts are huge and look beautifully crafted. The only downfall is the seating area, for the amount of people coming in there's not a lot of space to sit down. There are tables outside but no shade. I give it 5 stars for food and service but 3 for seating arrangement.Beautiful Interior!
This was my first time to this location and I would have to say they did an exceptional job with the interior. I mean come on, from the vibrant turquoise blue flooring to the natural custom wood tables, but let's talk about the food. 
We ordered:
Sliders - Pork Belly, Fried Chicken & Burger
Donut - Irish Creme 
Fries - Cheese & Jalapeños
Vietnamese Iced Coffee
Let me break it down. 
Sliders 
were about $3 each, very small (hence slider). If you're hungry, three should be enough. The pork belly was the biggest disappointment. It was a tad salty which wasn't the breaker, but there was no sear or browning of the actual pork. Honestly, it looked like it came out of the microwave... I know, insulting? I was just as upset. Oh, and the burger patty was very underdone (red). We should have asked for another one but after a few bites half the slider is eaten so we didn't bother.  
Donut
Oh the icing was incredible, sweet silky goodness. I think their donuts in general are a bit "cakey" more dough than I normally would like, but that's just a personal preference. 
Fries
Waffle fries, I mean where could you go wrong right? The cheese texture is more like a cheese sauce, so no cheese pull here guys. I would recommend getting it on the side and dipping it. The jalapeños had the perfect balance of spicy and sweet. 
Vietnamese Iced Coffee
I would have to say I was impressed with their version of Vietnamese ice coffee! It's normally super sweet but when I ordered told her I would like it to be less sweet so she suggested half cold brew. Perfect combo!
Next time,
I want to try their Kolaches! I would probably stick to their coffee and donuts for now on. Those are always a win!Great donuts. Very interesting combinations but really good. Large portions. Also have had there sliders which are awesome!Talk about yummy donuts!!! These rings of goodness are huge, delicious, satisfying zen masters of satisfaction.
I don't know what flavor profiles you are into, but I can't imagine there's a donut in the case that wont do it for you.  And if it's not a donut you're looking for, they also serve a mean slider.  
And if coffee's your thing, you are definitely in luck.  I've enjoyed trying the different coffees offered, every bit as much as I've enjoyed the food.  Theirs is the first Vietnamese coffee I've had, and it's definitely my favorite of all the coffees on their menu.  Its sweet, and not low cal, but this is not a diet friendly environment. 
This is definitely a place to treat yourself if you're celebrating a raise, promotion, break up, make up, summer, spring, winter, fall, etc., etc., etc.
I think i need a treat day - it's Wednesday right? Isn't that worth celebrating?Such a great location!  After a late night out with friends, the easiest way to aid in the next day's recovery is the slew of options from District. 
Walked in for the first time without a clue as to what everyone would want. The front counter staff had a lot of great suggestions, and I just ended up getting one of everything they had available at that moment. And then I looked at the sopapilla one and said, "okay, two of those" because I didn't want to have to share the one I wanted. 
These pups are HUGE and very filling. We ended up cutting them into pieces because we all wanted to try all the different flavors. Didn't matter which one we tried, they were all absolutely amazing. 
I can't wait to go back and try out more of their menu. I can't imagine them ever doing anything horribly. Such a dream!!This place could be bad, very, very bad for me. The breakfast sandwiches, the plain biscuit, the sliders for lunch/dinner, the fries, the soda, the ambiance, the atmosphere, just everything. I have come on several occasions now, and have never been let down. I am not sure I have one item that is an absolute favorite, but I do know that there has not been anything that I absolutely did not like.
On the times I have come, there always seems to be only a couple of other parties of customers. I have not been when it was packed.
One thing that I like is that the employees are always busy. Even when there aren't many customers in the restaurant, everyone is always cleaning, preparing food, washing the windows. No employee is standing around, gossiping or talking. They may be talking, but their hands are always busy. It is amazing to see. Everything is just clean.
I look forward to coming back frequently!This was our first time at this location. My husband and I both got a cheeseburger and we shared the cheese fries! The cheese fries were so good, even though I don't like jalapeños they gave them such a great flavor. The burger was so good too just wish they had a better price on those! We shared a blueberry cheesecake donut for dessert and it also hit the spot!! Make sure you get the fries if you're a cheese fry lover like us.The cinnamon rolls are sooooo ooey gooey and DELICIOUS!!!! Full of sugary, sinful flavor! I've tried some of their donuts as well, and they were pretty good. But nothing compares to those darn cinnamon rolls!I had a late lunch with a friend here last Sunday. My friend got 2 Cheeseburger Sliders and I got a Salmon Slider and a Cheeseburger Slider. Both were excellent. However, I'd like if the hamburger meat were cooked a little more. They all still showed pink in the center.
They have a pretty big menu with lots of breakfast options as well.
We hope to come back and try the salads next time. They looked really good.
We were going to split a donut, but the line got way too long. Maybe next time.
The only downside to the place is they really need to work on their ventilation system. You notice this whole cloud of smoke in back when you walk in. It's all I could smell the whole time. When we left, our clothes and hair had the lingering smell of smoke and grease. Next time, we'll probably eat outside. We would have this time, but it was raining.
Two positive side notes - They play really good music here! And they have my favorite kind of crushed ice for their drinks. I only got tap water, but I saw the other drinks used the ice I like.The service was great and staff was very friendly. I usually go to the District Doughnuts on Magazine street, and I have to say this District did not live up to the flagship. There weren't as many doughnut options and the kolachis were mediocre.This place is fantastic if you want to sit in a greasy smelling room where employees scream people's names at the top of their lungs while you drive your battery into the ground waiting forever for your order only to realize you need to wait more while you watch people come in and order, and get their food before you while you continue to wait. Did I mention the screaming? I'm told they serve food too. I have yet to find out.District has a very nice burger/donut type of atmosphere. The open kitchen the decor I'm impressed..the food(I had cheeseburger sliders) are really good but I don't like the smokey smell from the kitchen that lingered over the dining area and sits in your clothes other than that this place rocks...a nice lunch spot for first time dates or small business meeting.Got the pork belly breakfast taco this morning. They took their time to make it well, but it still came out quick! The homemade tortilla was my favorite part. Buttery, flakey, and held together well. The eggs were cooked perfectly and all of the components were well balanced. I ate every last bite.I do not appreciate the money grab upsell when you do not display your prices for 16 oz drinks to intentionally mislead the customer.I had a blueberry cheesecake stuffed donut and a bacon, egg and cheese biscuit slider. They both packed a huge flavor punch! The slider was spot on. The donut is a bit over endearing; it weighs about a pound alone. Very filling donuts. Bet you can't eat more than 2, I challenge you :) a lot to live up to when opening a new location and I think they did pretty well in opening this place on Harrison.Loved this place in till I got food poisoning! Ordered 3 burger sliders that had spoiled cheese on them! Had stomach issues for 2 days cause of it! Won't be returning now.We loved going here for the sliders and juicy burgers. Unfortunately they don't serve creekstone meet anymore, which is a bummer. Donuts; I'm not so sure about. I mean who eats 'maple- bacon donut'. Coffee isn't bad. Staff is always friendly and welcoming. Nice ambience but can't seat a couple of big groups. I really hope they start buying creekstone meet again. Otherwise they are gonna lose a lot of halal meet seekers.Went on a Friday for lunch. Every table was taken. Food took too long to come out. It was loud and smokey inside. I got a cheeseburger but it was raw on the inside. The cheese fries were waffle fries and were tasty. It's a little expensive for a tiny hamburger.Love the area that this place is in (Magazine Street in Garden District) and the food was delicious. My boyfriend got 2 cheeseburger sliders & a chicken slider while I got a salmon slider & chicken slider. Chicken sider was good but nothing special but I really loved the salmon slider. And the donuts are AMAZING. Bf & I are not the biggest fan of donuts but we decided to try two - the toasted coconut donut & lemon ginger donut. The former was the best donut I ever had in my life, I wish I had bought a dozen to bring home! But we didn't like the lemon ginger one as much.. Tasted a little dry/stale.INSANE. A donut, slider, coffee place sounds ridiculous, and it is in the best ways possible. Tons of natural food options, insane combinations (the sproca-cola is cola, espresso, and chocolate milk, you can get your slider on a waffle fry bun), and more normal fare (macchiatos, lattes, etc). The falafel slider was SO GOOD. And its very cheap, especially considering how good it all is. You should come check it out.Donuts were great and the staff was awesome. Everyone looked like they truely enjoyed their job. One guy was singing while making food having fun. Great atmosphere! Will be back.I am not a donut fan and never really went to the uptown location. I live near the new location and had seen an Instagram post of the cinnamon roll. I had to have one. I have to say, it may be the best cinnamon roll I've ever had... dare I say, better than an oooey gooey Cinnabon! Then I got some sliders to take home. Talk about home run... I have yet to find the perfect Burger in Nola. This one hits the spot for small bites. I tried to make a copy at home but it didn't compare! I am not super adventurous with other flavors so I stick to the Burger. Brought my visiting family members here to dine and they all  just died on the beautiful good wood table.Great experience on our most recent visit. The manager on duty made sure we got what we ordered because there was a little confusion. He couldn't have been nicer. 
We usually order the scrambled egg and cheese biscuit. This time we tried the Miso praline bacon and egg biscuit, which is slightly different with a fried egg instead of scrambled, no cheese, and the sweeter bacon. Both are really good.  
For some zip, order a cappuccino. Very good.The place is cool and trendy looking. Drinks are fabulous. My husband wanted to give a 2 but I just can't. The employees are really nice and the Vietnamese Coffee is outta this world. Unfortunately my beloved chocolate glazed donut was destroyed by this place. It has to be the worst I've ever had. Like worst than the place I tried in Dallas. I did get a cinnamon sugar donut as well that was ok. Still worth it to check out, one bad donut isn't going to scare me away especially with how good the coffee is.This place has it all!  Great coffee with a wide variety of choices... (nitro brew, nitro espresso and all the favorites).  We disnt5wat, bit the food we saw looked really good.  A must when visiting New Orleans.I love doughnuts and this place seems to be everyone's favorite place. However, their type of doughnuts are not my go-to and I would probably not go back. But I am one of the few that thinks this way about this place! The service is great and the atmosphere is pleasant.I'm such a fan, I'm like a super fan. 
But know this: No lunch sliders or fries until after 11. 
Missed that time frame the last 2 times. Grrrr. And the fries are soooo good. 
My daughter gets the Monte Crisco and loves it and I'm a fan of the brulled cinnamon roll and some Vietnamese Iced Coffee from the tap. Yes, please!!!If you've ever heard of the 80/20 rule in business, I would be considerably categorized under the 20 percenters that come to District Donuts Sliders & Brew because I stop by at least 4 times a week. The staff are always welcoming and friendly. Also, I think that they have an amazing person running their social media websites because if you follow them on Instagram, be prepared for DAILY updates! That's right - donuts of the day, specials of the day, as well as drink specials. 
If you're in the mood for casual and quick bite, stop at District's. Their sliders are flawlessly cooked and their waffle fries with cheese make it the perfect duo for a happy appetite. One of my favorite sliders is the pork belly (you wont regret it) - they also provide condiments such as ketchup and/or siracha to pair with your food. 
Lastly, I'm a coffee snob. I'm a huge fan of cafe sua da (Vietnamese Iced Coffee) - however, I never have the time or patience in the morning to make myself one. I luckily stumbled upon District's Vietnamese Iced Coffee which I believe is made with heir nitro brew and condensed milk. Whatever it is, I am hooked! I'm extremely grateful for the Lakeview location now as it's closer to my school so I'll just do a quick drop in & make my way to class. Two thumbs up for the iced coffee. I hope it permanently remains on their menu.Had sliders and glazed donuts. Sliders were ok and donuts were very bland. I've read the burgers were good so may go back and try those instead.Have tried District several times and still unimpressed with food, frankly. It is hip and has ambience and big crowds for sure. Donuts are huge and over the top - not for me. Sliders are pretty good option. Food is better than donuts, and the pickled jalapenos are worth the trip. Mehhh.We decided to try this place while we were waiting for a table next door at Another Broken Egg. We shared the Sangria donut and ordered two iced coffees. The donut was huge, and definitely needed to be shared. The coffee was very strong and flavorful just how Ilike it! I would definitely stop by again when visiting NOLA.When I first came to this location about a month ago, there were no issues. With that said, I returned again today and had a pretty crumby experience.
We got here around 10:20am and we were told the cinnamon rolls were sold out but that there would be more ready in 10-15 minutes. We had to leave by  11:20 as we had somewhere to be, so we figured a 10-15 minute wait would still give us plenty of time to eat and then leave. 10-15 minutes quickly turned into 40 minutes of us waiting, so we decided just to order sliders and some biscuits since we were starving and needed to leave. At this point, it was 11am, and when I ordered a biscuit, I was told they stop serving biscuits at 11am. There was a full tray of biscuits behind the server to which I pointed out and she ended up finally selling me one. I'd totally understand if I had asked for eggs or something, but I literally asked for a plain biscuit, and after waiting 40+ minutes for a cinnamon roll (that never ended up coming out, by the way), I don't think that was too much to ask. If they would've just told us that they didn't know when the cinnamon rolls would be ready, then we would've left and gone somewhere else and there wouldn't have been any issues.
The quality of the food was still great, but the service at this particular location was not up to par in my opinion. I still love district, but I'll never go to this location again.Great coffee and sugar breakfast stop on the way out of town. Love the iced Vietnamese coffeeSaltiest little cheeseburger cooked to perfection that I've ever devoured. I'll have to go back to see if that was an anomaly .  If it wasn't excess salt, it might have been MSG or most likely crack that melted my resolve. The iced mocha coffee was divine--I added a dash of stevia to mine (you have to bring your own stevia). I dinged it a notch for excessive pricing. Diabetic and Weight Loss Alert: This is a dangerous place filled with the distinct aroma of donuts...My favorite lunch spot in Lakeview!! Donuts are amazing. Sliders are even better. Decor is very well done, the community table is a nice touch and great if all the booths are full. The salmon slider is my favorite, but they all are amazing. The croquenuts are very filling and a unique option. All ingredients are high quality and prepared and presented well. A little bit pricey, but worth every penny. The staff is always so kind and willing to go out of their way for you. Will be back for better breakfast, I've heard great things.First time in and though not blown away. Not bad. The cashier wasn't the most professional. I won't name drop just yet. She put my card on the counter instead of my hand and it wasn't accompanied by a receipt to sign. When there's a receipt attached I get it. Put it down so you can sign. Anywho. She slid me my food while looking at & talking to her co-worker. Never turned to me. I was waiting to get change to tip and yet she never acknowledged why I was still standing there she just kept talking to her co-worker. Needless to say I saved a couple bucks. I went to sit down, she asked my name so I assumed it would be called. Nope, sat my coffee on the counter and walked away. After noticing noone else moved I guessed it was mine and got up to ask and yep it was mine. Employees are too lax for the place to be so small. Everyone that was off/on break. Very noticeable and that's not good. So obviously this rating is based solely on my food. About food I had an Iced Mocha and Bruleed Cinnamon Roll. Both pretty good. A little too heavy on the Brulee lol so it was a little too crispy on top but, I know how to instruct next time. Yep coming back for the sliders and cheese fries! Lol 4 stars might be a little to generous but, hey. I'll give it one more try and the cashier that came on after ... was a breath of fresh air so maybe there is a standard for service and all hope is not lost. I'll update my review at that time. #LoveIsLightNot sure what all the hype is about. It was a solid meh. I had the Croque Madam and the ingredients seemed fresh and all but there was surprisingly little flavor. Hardly any sweet in the donut, no salt in the rest. I was really hoping for a sweet/salty taste experience.
I tried the cinnamon roll too. It was cloyingly sweet and the center half was completely raw and doughy. 
Iced coffee was not bad.
Staff seemed constantly confused as to what they were supposed to doing. 
Booth was terribly uncomfortable. 
I really wanted to like this place after all the local hype but it just didn't deliver.Super glad there's a district donuts near City Park. It's just as amazing as the original on magazine. The donuts are truly creative, but the sliders are even better. I got the salmon sliders with waffle fries for buns and the bulgogi as is. It definitely hits the spot for a light snack after a day in the park. Great coffee too if you need a pick me up!As a local, I've been trying to support this restaurant in Lakeview since its opening and going here at least once a week.  Despite some hiccups, like overpricing,  I would have rated it a solid three 1/2 stars.  FYI the sliders are, as expected for sliders, tiny sized, and overpriced.  The minimum cost in $3.50, but this goes up to $4.50.  It would take three or more of these to equal a regular sized hamburger!  So, that amounts to over $10 for a hamburger.  Previously, if I wanted a snack, I'd go here for one of these but discovered an alternative...THE SMALL SALAD.  The price was, $4.50 and while small, it was basic and good. Yesterday, after being out of town for awhile, I returned.  This salad is now $6.50.  I can afford this but am insulted that the only "diet" selection on the menu was hiked up in price 1/3rd. Despite being with my neighbor, I refused to order anything I was so angry.  She did get her overpriced meal. 
Having discovered this new pricing,   I will not return and since we were going here together regularly, she won't be going either.  I'm certain I'm not the only disgruntled customer since I spoke with a few outside who felt the same way.  So, If you don't mind overpaying, go and enjoy.  I for one am going somewhere that serves the ole $10-12 hamburger or a good plain $5 salad.The sliders were good, the fries were bad and the donut was a disappointment.
Waffle fries were neither chrispy nor well colored. 
I had a red velvet donut, the glaze didn't have much of a cream cheese taste and  'red velvet' ness was just a few cake crumbles on their plain donut.
I had high hopes for District, but they were crushed by poor execution. I won't be back.I come here almost every Thursday for the blackberry lemon donut and a cortado. It's always a bright spot in my work day. My only complaint is that when they make the cortado they pull the shot and let it sit there while the steam the milk and wipe up around the area. Sometimes the shot is sitting there for a minute before the milk is poured. But it still makes for a better cup of coffee than the starbucks down the street:)After visiting the original location, I did not know what to think of this spot at first. It seems much more Manhattan or Manhattan Beach than the original. Perhaps this is the right fit for this rather staid, nice neighbourhood.
My experience here was that this location offered the same, consistently delicious breakfast sandwiches and donuts as the original. The cookies and cream donut did not disappoint. The breakfast sandwich was superb.
Service here is excellent. When everyone, including those working in the kitchen area, is friendly and pleasant, it makes the delicious food that much better.
It is also not bad that crowds here are (or at least seem to be) lighter on weekday mid mornings than at the main location. There is also street and lot parking that is a bit easier as well.I visit this location several times a week. The staff is always friendly and helpful, some of best staff in town in my opinion. My usual is the iced mocha, and it's perfect. The chocolate milk is on tap - it's not too chocolatey, which is why it is my favorite. The sliders are amazing, and the cheese fries are yummy too.I can't get enough of this place! The house salad is amazing! One of the best salads that I've ever had. I love their take on the monte Cristo. It melts in your mouth. The donuts are impeccable. My nephews love the cinnamon donut and Nutella donut. They love talking a walk to get donuts! I adore the cali fries. Everyone is always nice and smiling. The service is great.Cute and clean place. Friendly staff. I usually order sliders with cheesy waffle fries but today, my guests ordered multiple fancy and extra fancy donuts to share. Some were good, some were ok.Yikes! Take off the matcha latte. It was literally hot water with a design for more than $5 bucks with a tip. Maybe more barista training? I'll stick to Magazine.I was thoroughly impressed by this establishment! We came in around 9 on a Saturday, before the rush came in. There were multiple open tables, and enough staff so there wasn't a long wait. I loved the interior design - everything including the kitchen was open with plenty of lights. 
We got the bacon and egg biscuit, pork belly tacos, and Vietnamese iced coffee. The biscuit was sweet, not savory, which worked perfectly with the savory insides. My pork belly tacos was great in the egg scramble. It isn't really a taco, more like a burrito. My only question is, why aren't there more stores with this concept in the US? Very upset that this is only in Louisiana! 
Though they're known for their donuts and breakfast, I was super impressed by their cinnamon roll. They heat it up and torch a crispy glaze on top, really hits the spot!!
Yelp says they're great for working - it would not be a great place to do work.We're new to the neighborhood and we were looking to try a local restaurant for a quick afternoon bite, well district donuts is within minutes from our house we could actually walk there. I'm happy we tried it! My husband had the double cheeseburger and I had the chicken sliders with the waffle cheese fries. Everything was super fresh made to order and delicious! My husband said we will now be spoiled because the food is so good we never want a fast food burger again.I have to start by saying this is based on today. I usually love District and my family and I eat there about once a week. Tonight I called in my order and arrived 15 minutes after I called. The food wasn't ready but I paid and the girl who took the money said she'd bring it to me. I waited 15 more minutes with only one other person in there. I was about to ask what was going on because I never saw my order on the grill, but then I saw him dump some fries and thought oh maybe that was the hold up... a few more minutes pass and the cook called my name.. I take the food and thank him. When I get in the car to check the food , everything is stone cold. The fries ( obviously not the ones straight out of the basket) and all three sliders. We were super disappointed. And everyone working tonight seemed like they thought they were too cool to say hello or goodbye or thanks. I forgot to mention I left a hefty tip in the tip jar. I am food service business owner in the neighborhood and I like to support locally owned businesses but I will definitely think twice before going back anytime soon.I love District Donuts! My only beef with this location is that there is not enough seating. The donuts are still amazing and the Vietnamese coffee hits the spot every time. The staff is friendly and engaging while whipping up delicious goodies. The Samoa donut was incredible! It was worth busting the diet for that one.This location is very consistent to the other District Donuts. Service is good, and staff is friendly. Went on Halloween so there were Halloween themed donuts, my girlfriend and I decided on the Freddie Krueger. There were others, but we typically share one donut cause there's plenty of other items that we like to grab on our visit.
Tried the new fried chicken sandwich, it's very good. Chicken was super crispy. One thing I disagree with was my pork slider, it was a bit heavy on the salt, but everything else was still good. Tried the Nitro Brew here, it was legit but much rather the Vietnamese Iced Coffee.Don't let the 3 stars dissuade you from trying District Donuts. My word of caution is not to expect great donuts, but DO expect delicious sliders. 
The presentation for the donuts fools me every time. They all look incredible and sound like interesting flavors, but in the end, most of them taste like lightly seasoned bread. There are a couple that are good, but of the majority I've tried, I didn't like them. 
IF THEY HAVE COOKIE BUTTER DONUTS, BUY 10! They're sooooo good. It's the only one I actively check to see if they're serving. 
On to the sliders. The chicken is so juicy and flavorful that it's hard to eat slowly and enjoy. Definitely get more than one because you'll be shocked how fast you eat it. 
Last but not least, the cinnamon rolls here are pretty darn good too!I am not sure what happened to this location. But, the quality of food has declined drastically. Ordered a cinnamon roll and it was raw (gummy). Ordered a bacon egg biscuit.... biscuit was underbaked and eggs were also raw (runny egg white). Very dis-satisfied and disappointed right now. :(I went here to get chicken slider and some friends. This guy took long to fix it and I was starving. But when he finally finish he came brought my food to my table, very generous guy and sweet. He offer me cookie or donuts I was okay with it, but he gave me cookie anyway. I recommend y'all to come here. It's a great place to get food and it was delicious.The food tastes FRESH!!! I saw the owner walk in with a bunch of groceries from Whole Foods while my sister and I were eating there and that really made me happy because that is where I do almost 100% of my grocery shopping!
I had the house salad and it was delicious and so fresh tasting.  I love how they put chopped almonds in it.
I also love the crushed ice and their iced tea is really good.Holy moly! The creme brûlée cinnamon roll is amazing!!!! I don't think I've ever had a cinnamon roll taste this divine! I also had the chicken slider and I wished I had of gotten two of them because it was just so flavorable. To drink, I had the Vietnamese iced coffee and I really enjoyed that as well. I will definitely be coming back here in the future.The donuts were super huge and looked delish!!  I had a slider and waffle fries.  The fries were undercooked, kind of limp.  I wasn't overly impressed with my slider either.This place is cool, the tofu/vegetarian sliders are good, the egg biscuits are amazing, but the donuts are just...average. They look amazing but don't even taste good. The dough isn't sweet and tastes like bread, the only sweetness comes from the icing. Not sure if that's how they are supposed to be, but I'm not a big fan.staff is nice though!I've been here numerous times. The worst time to go is when it's busy. (Mornings and weekends) The food is decent but as it gets busier it's gets chaotic. You may not receive your drink until you've already finished your food or vice versa. The service starts to lack quite tremendously and in my opinion it's not worth it. I'd only order through Uber eats honestly, so I wouldn't have to go inside. I think they just need to become more organized. I'd probably only go back at night and during the week.
Edit:
So I've been back a few times and I think things are getting better! Service has been on point and I think they've corrected what's been going wrong! Thank you district!Amazing! The Nutella mousse donut was delicious. The chicken sliders were the perfect combination of sweet and spicy! We will definitely be back!Absolutely LOVE their bacon egg biscuit. It's so delicious!  Their doughnuts are decent although I feel they'd have better flavor if they weren't so big. The bibim biscuit is yummy, also.These donuts - I have no words. We live in central MS and on some weekends we drive over to District (2.5 hour drive) just for donuts and drive back. People say we are crazy, but those donuts aren't like your typical donuts in your town. They are epic! And massive!!! The atmosphere and everything is just great! Get the Vietnamese Iced Coffee, too! It goes perfect with the donuts!!!Such a cute and trendy place. The decor is rustic bohemian with reclaimed wood on the walls. The benches are custom wood pieces and the lighting a mixture of Modern and industrial. Music is moderately loud playing pop. Very hip to hang out. 
Coffee came out quick, hot and strong. A plus. I didn't get a chance to order any food but if it's anything like the original location on Magazine, I know it's good. I would definitely recommend DD to anyone looking for a nice place to drink coffee, eat donuts and just hang out. Very laid back vibe.I loved going to District Donut on Harrison because it is near to where I live. My wife and I go pretty often. It has great food, donuts and staffers who are always welcoming. Until last Wednesday. We came to District Donuts because we had a guest in town and we went there because it has a good variety of food and donuts. We paid a decent amount of money for the three of us, and when we asked for a box for three donuts the present cashier  named Tiffany, put the donuts in one box and managed to get the chocolate glaze all over the side of the box. It was sticking everywhere and she didn't even try to clean it up. we also wanted them in three individual boxes, because we were all going separate ways. When my wife had asked her for three boxes, she got a response from Tiffany saying loud and clear, "of course you do". I don't think that her reaction is an appropriate attitude or response to give a customer just because we asked for three individual boxes. I don't think that was too much to ask yet the response was just rude for someone who's job is to be helpful. Honestly I've never experienced this kind of rude manner from District Donuts staff even at any of the other locations. 
The rudeness experience has really impacted the chances of going back if shes the cashier.Would give negative if I could.
Just opened and no cinnamon rolls, no chocolate covered, and cashier is RUDE.
Worst breakfast experienceDistrict Donuts Sliders are awesome! My dad and I happened to be in Lakeview during lunch and decided that we would check out the sliders. I was expecting just hamburger sliders, but they had a great variety. I had the fried chicken slider which was more than enough when sharing fries. My dad had the hamburger slider and the chicken slider. He isn't a big eater, but just could not get enough. I purchased two donuts to go. I can't tell you how they were, as my family gobbled them up in a matter of minutes. 
By the way, the service here is awesome! Everyone is super nice, and they all seem to love working there. It really is a cool place!Very good food.Biscuits, kolaches,  bacon, coffee, donuts what ever you like. The coffee, ice or hot is great.  Get in and out pretty quick and staff is friendly. I highly recommendA little pricey for doghnuts, but definitley worth it.What more can you ask for? Binge-worthy selection of over the top donuts and coffee, sliders of all types (i.e. cheeseburger, fried oyster and even a delicious tofu version for vegetarians like myself) and salads, right in the Lakeview neighborhood in a beautiful building with indoor and outdoor seating. Everything is perfect. The only problem is that we live across the street and can't stay away!Beard hair in my food... so disgusting. No one wears hair nets and everything is uncovered!!The donuts are pretty great, but sometimes I wish the donuts were a bit smaller so I could try multiple versions. 
Wish they had a deal that you could get donuts half off five minutes before they close the shop 
Staff is either great, or a bit on the snobby side.
That being said, the pumpkin donut was so worth it.