I have been wanting to go here forever since i live right down the road.  only locals go here which is cool.  live music is always a plus.  i got a burger and was very pleased.  it was pretty cheap too.  fries werent bad.  i would probably get something else next time but just because i am curious.  i could easily stick with the burger.  word on the street is they serve food 24/7 so that is amazing.  def see myself here late night in the future.  it will be interesting to see the clientele as the night goes on too.    cool placeThat may have been the best burger in NOLA!  Ordered a breakfast burger no cheese.  The beef is seasoned and cooked perfectly.  I should not have eaten all of it, but I couldn't stop.  My husband got the red bean soup special with the sausage sandwich.  Forget about the bread on the sandwich and just dip the sausage into the bean soup.  So good.  But note it was a special and not on the menu.  
Live music starts soon, so now we relax with some cocktails.  They have local live music no cover every night.  
This is also Saints bar, so if you like burgers, cocktails, live music and/or Saints, in a very relaxed atmosphere at seriously reasonable prices, this is it!I've been to this spot a few times now. Being a Mid City resident of the past 4 1/2 years, I had no idea there was a 24 hour watering hole right within walking distance from my house. I'm typically 'good' at a 'decent' hour when visiting my other bars, but it's comforting knowing there's always a door open ready to pollute my body at any time of the day or night should I need it.
The crowd is definitely more mature than your Finn's or Twelve Mile, i've seen the bikers in the building, but I dig kicking it and having some drinks with that crowd, those people are hella chill and mad cool (like how I went east/west coast with that?)
Drinks are reasonably priced, but the burgers...OH the burgers! I have to be in a real mood for burgers, but when it's calling, that Mexican with sautéed onions (comes with fries) is oh, so the truth! It's a REAL burger too, I mean the thing is massive, if you're not sofa-king after a go at that bad boy....well then I don't really know what to say about you but, congratulations? *shrugs*
Note tho, although the bar is 24 hours, the kitchen closes at 10 pm Mon-Thurs, 11 pm Fri-Sat, and 9 pm on Sunday so be sure to get your orders in, call ahead tho for sure, but definitely stop in for a drink or two.I've been here a couple of times, and I have to credit the ownership for hosting a pretty great bloody mary bar event some months back for Elite Yelpers. They handed out coupons for a free burger on a return visit, so my wife and I came back to take advantage on a Friday evening. As I had previously experienced, the food was very good and the ambiance pleasantly divey. If you're in the mid-city area its a great place to come and hang out to watch the game or listen to live music. One star off for allowing smoking. Other than that, no complaints.I have been here twice to try the food. The first time was just ok. I went today to try the chicken fried steak. Not impressed at all. The meat was near paper thin and the breading was falling off the meat. I hear the burgers are very good but have not tried one as of yet. The new owners put alot of work in this place and I sure hope they are sucsessfull. The place is really nice.You see the name of this place and you're like, "That sounds like a shooting gallery waiting to happen!"  I'm happy to report that DMACS is frequented and staffed by nice friendly people who don't seem like the type to bust out pistols in public.
They have wonderful burgers, decent drink specials, and the food is always prepared the way you order it. The restaurant is always tidy.It was a decent burger.  The bartender Johnny blonde took good care of us. It had a good feel and good music.  I came for the burger and like I said it was okOn vacation and this place is close to where I'm staying. The atmosphere is great and very diverse. They have a live local band which is really good. Nice little local spot to check out.Late Night Stop 
It was a laid Back crowed 
On the night we were there 
Friendly staff 
The Cook was Great & Friendly 
Good place for a short stop.One of the best made eggs Benedict I've had!  I wonder why I'm not at Dmacs every single Sunday. The menu is expansive and everything is better than I ever expect.  The staff is the most friendly, prices are great and there's a Bloody Mary bar with bacon!  My side of potatoes were like little crispy clouds of heaven. The live music is always welcoming and appropriate for the setting.  I love this place for brunch, lunch or whenever!Friends and I came here for the live music and dinner. The music was great it is pretty loud so I'd come to watch -not on a date or to catch up with friends. 
Drinks seemed pretty basic- I ordered a bourbon so there's no messing that up.
For dinner I got a salad. One day in Nola I already feel like I'm on veggie deficiency, ha! It was fine -totally edible- but basically a step above iceberg lettuce (I think it was romaine). I was basically expecting that since they seem more like a burger type of place. My friend got the ribs special with southern sides and that looked like a great choice.
Bartender was friendly and attentive. I was also relieved that at 10pm on a Saturday this place wasn't actually crowded. I guess it gets busier later on since its a 24 hour bar.
The bar's greatest feature was hands down the music.Nice little bar featuring live music. Great stop on the bike route but they need to put out an area for people to park their bikes.We went early one afternoon. It's okay, but nothing that would make me visit again.Went for brunch this morning and the food was excellent. The service was very good as well and the coffee was great. I had the rancheros and the eggs were cooked perfectly and it was very good. My only complaint is that you have to share brunch with some customers who seem like they have not gone home since the previous night. The bartender was quick to boot a drunk woman who was panhandling at the bar, so that was good. I guess that's to be expected when you have brunch in a 24 hour bar. The make your own Bloody Mary bar was awesome!! We have already made plans to go back.What a wonderful night!  Awesome bar that's open 24 hours a day.  The music is genuinely New Orleans and the service could not be better. Definitely will be back!Nice place for lunch and live music! I never go to the quarter and am glad they at DMACS have brought the quarter to Mid City.Not only is the music great here but they secretly have great food including a burger that rivals anyone in the city.Good for smokers. Bad for everyone else. I typically take my food and drinks to go.
One of the best burgers in the city! Their burgers are on par with Ya Mama's and Port of call.
It's kind of divey. If you're not into roughing it or you're too fancy, this isn't the place for you.
I always get the blue cheese burger. Very generous servings. 
Every time I go it's the 40+ crowd, but like I said before, I typically just go for the burger and grab a drink to go. Nothing special about the drinks. Go for the burgers and fries.
4 stars only because while I love the burgers/fries, the bar is not my speed.Dmacs is great bartender Dave bean is the best manager Maria is the rage the food is awesome tonites music is terrible came with 80 people who ledt quickly tip toe thru the tulips seriouslyThe great thing about Dmac's is that you can totally crank one out in the br and it blends right in with the decor. I like to come here alone, scoop in on kids that are hungry late at night, and ask if they gonna eat the rest of that. Usually, I get told to eat a dick, but occasionally I get a few fries and then ask if I can swig some beer since the fries are very dry at this particular moment so late in the night.Excellent Sunday Blues Brunch! The Bloody Mary's were exceptional and the food was delicious! We had Eggs Benedict and French Toast and both were great. Reasonable prices and large portions. Great music, good service and relaxing atmosphere!Awesome burger as always and incredible music! I love this place and the owners are super nice, you'll feel like family. Everything I've tried out of the kitchen has been really yummy! And all the drinks hit the spot. What more can be said, I love Dmacs!!I've been here several times and its become sort a new hang out for me. They run 23hr 7days a week but the kitchen only runs lunch (11-2?) and dinner times (6-10?). They have live music almost every night ranging from classic funk/classic rock to country/alternative.  Plus they offer a songwriters night.  The schedule is always full and its worth the drop inOne of the best burgers in town. Bargain prices on great food and good drinks. Excellent musicians play frequently here as they have live music every day of the week.  A musicians bar if there ever was one and the bartenders and staff are very friendly.We stopped first at another highly rated bar in mid town to get some food, but the kitchen was closed go Halloween.  After a couple drinks, we asked the bartender for recommendations oh where to eat, and it turns out the head chef of DMacs was sitting at the bar next to us.  After hearing him describe how he makes the chicken fried steak (only sirloin tails pounded flat, hand breaded and fried, everything homemade) we knew we had to try.  And it was the best I've ever had.  Tender, perfectly seasoned, the coating light and crisp. Perfect mashed potatoes, just lumpy enough, everything covered in an excellent homemade gravy.  It's a shame it's only on Thursdays, it should be part of the regular menu, but so worth making your calender and making a special trip that one day of the week.We had a great elite event here not long ago and the manager generously gave us coupons for 50% off of their famous burgers. I was excited to go back and try a full sized burger after having the sliders at the event so we headed here the next week.
This is the kind of place where you walk in, seat yourself and the bartender will bring over menus and take your drink order. Once you've decided, place your order at the bar. I chose the Classic burger (American cheese, grilled onions, bacon) and asked for it to be cooked medium. This burger was HUGE. Enormous, y'all. I had to cut it in half and take one half home. Bring your appetite if you're coming for a burger for sure! The bun was soft and fresh and the toppings were crispy. The patty is hand formed and while I enjoyed it, I felt like it was missing something. Maybe more seasoning. There's Tony's on the table though, so I took advantage of that to spice up the burger. The fries are handcut and really delicious and all this for only $10 (even better after that 50% off coupon was applied!)
I'm looking forward to trying them for brunch next time.I finally made it here... Several Yelpers, namely Danon & other non-Yelpers have spoken highly of this place, so I made my way.
Upon entering you will notice it is a dive bar, dimly lit inside, with a stage to your immediate right & bar to the left.  Greeted by the bartender, pick a seat any seat is the deal of the day.  TVs adorn the walls, not TVs like in sports bars, but TVs for TVs-sake.  Once seated the bartender double times to take your order & make your drink, this lady WORKS HARD FOR HER MONEY.  Kitchen is in the rear & open as you can see what's on the grill and everything.
Menu items included Angus Burgers, which they're famous for, tacos, nachos & other daily specials care also the case here, for example red beans & rice Mondays, shrimp all day Fridays, you get the picture.  
I ordered a Mexican Angus Burger, cheddar cheese, jalapeños & bacon... cooked medium as recommended.  All the fixings on the side & a side of fries to boot, all for the low-low price of $7.95.  The burger was massive & try as I may, I just couldn't get my mouth over the sandwich, so I opted to cut it into pieces & eat it like that.  I was only able to finish half the burger & half the fries.  I was pleased at the consistency of the meat, the softness of the bun & the freshness of the condiments.  I did find the burger, once chewing had begun, to be a little lacking in the taste department.  I guess I was looking for a smoked, peppery taste or something of that nature, but I didn't get it.  That didn't stop me from eating, I just took a minute to season it with salt & the rest is history.
Nightly there's live entertainment byway of local musicians/band acts.  This is quite the plus as, to my knowledge, there's no cover charge, unless stated on the calendar of events on the backside of the menu, or if they pick up an offering for the musicians at the end of the show (I didn't stay that long).  
Drink specials/happy hour happen here, I arrived within the last 15 minutes, but opted for a non-happy hour item.
I enjoyed my food & am glad to know this place exists in the area.Dmac's is quite the establishment. I walked in hungry and I left starving. Allow me to explain.
I was first turned on to Dmac's after the Yelp March elite event that left us sampling brunch favorites. I was fortunate enough to not only score a coupon for 50% off a burger, but I was able to nab a gift certificate for $25. This pretty much guaranteed my return.
So, we stopped in and ordered and I flashed my certificate like a big shot. It definitely worked it's magic, because not only was my meal discounted, but Mr. DMac himself came over to say that he had never even seen such a certificate. I "fiddle dee dee'd" and explained to him the Yelp promotion and he was delighted that I had returned to his establishment to try his faire.
I ordered the burger medium rare with cheddar cheese, bacon and grilled onions. It came fully dressed and cooked to perfection. The concoction was so perfectly prepared that I had no problem polishing off the entire thing. Normally I would have felt guilty, but I very rarely eat red meat and since I knew I was going to have a "full" dinner, I treated myself to a "slim" lunch. No morsel was spared and I devoured the burger with no shame. I like that when I said "medium rare" the kitchen wasn't shy about leaving my burger pink and juicy. I couldn't have asked for a better burger experience. As far as New Orleans burgers go, this is the burger to beat.
Now onto the music. We were treated to the sounds of the Jeff Davis Project. What a delight! This is a band that starts you off with some Tracey Chapman, throws in some Janis and finishes you off with Prince's "Purple Rain" and some "House of the Rising Sun" for good measure. Good Lord did I have a great time listening to this music! Oh and they have a full fledged blues night on Mondays, so be sure to stop in if that's your thing.
All in all I had a fantastic time at DMac's. DMac himself came up to us at the end of the night to ask how our food was and to make sure that we were having a good time. In my book, it doesn't get any better than that. I love when a business owner takes care to make sure that his customers are happy. That alone ensured that I will return.
DMac's is fantastic and I will definitely return. Juicy burgers and good music. How can you resist? So why did I leave starving? I left hungry for more of the musical perfection that this establishment offers. Thirsty for more art- which is the calling card of any stage. I can't wait to experience more.Last few times coming here with my sweetie pie hunny bunch to grab a quick bite and a drink , they have been out of things we like. Like chicken tenders and fried cheese stix.   When I am going somewhere, no matter how teenie tiny the demand is and its not available , I die a little inside.  Then to add to that having to order something else and its not quite on point... I die a little more.
The first 10 times we came here it was always awesome.  Lately, its seems to be slipping.  I am a just and fair person and will definitely try it again.
High point is live music most nights.Went in a Monday night. Great Music! Great friendly welcoming vibes! Great mix of people. Food was really good too. Had the chicken strips and a veggie pizza. Loved how huge the chicken pieces were and the seasoning. Yum! The pizza was thin crust and pretty tasty too.Like the hamburgers. Dont like the smoking . Neat place from seattle washington. Great live music. Had a blast. Enjoyed the poker machinesAwesome place. Friendly staff and regulars. Excellent food and daily music. The best place to go over s long shift, anytime of day and night.First time at this place last night. Decided to go because there was free music and the burgers had great reviews. LOVED it! Got the mushroom swiss burger which was truly one of the best burgers I've had in a very long time. It was cooked perfectly medium, which I requested. Only reason I'm giving it 4/5 stars is because it was HELLA hot. Not sure if their AC was down or they don't have any, but I would have stayed longer if I wasn't a sweaty mess.We came here to watch Kine McKay on saturday night. What an awesome spot for live music. It's not too big, not too small. Great bartenders, great music. Just an overall awesome night. I highly recommend checking this place out for live music.Awesome burger and hall of famers live music. And an awesome owner. Sounds like fun to me hahaLast summer my husband and I came here by accident and ended up coming back again every night while visiting New Orleans. This place is great. Always love the service. Currently in New Orleans again and went back. The place did not disappoint. I can tell it's gotten a little nicer ish? Like not as many drink specials and way nicer looking menus. But still fantastic.Really 4 1/2 stars, but I'm giving it 5 anyways. Burger is awesome, quesadilla is awesome but pizza is okay. Service and music is amazing!!!So I'm a little bias, but this place is too cool. We rented the Airbnb above the restaurant and were feet away from mouthwatering burgers, a 24 hour bar and live music. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and it was DAMN good. Flavor was just right and it was huge. The bartenders were super welcoming and they were very helpful when it came to selecting some of their Louisiana beers that I had never tried. This place is definitely down to earth and speaks to an older crowd, but we still had great time there! Seriously go.Nice local bar with a great atmosphere. Not too crowded and not too loud. A nice change from the craziness of the French quarter, and where the locals hang out.Great hole in the wall you drive past and never notice. Wanted a place after the Saints game to let the traffic die down and grab a bite and they had everything. Great Menu and Drink selection. Staff was very friendly and food was great! You can tel it's made fresh to order and not premade just waiting. Will definitely make a regular game day stop!!!For a Friday night at 10pm-this bar is still hoping with local live musicians that seem to rotate throughout the month. 
Service was super friendly and the music was amazing. Food was better than traditional bar food. Definitely recommend the BLT of your craving something lighter than their known burgers. 
Their beer selection is not the largest I have seen. Their draft beer selection highlighted four local Louisiana brewing company's.  Wish they had more beers on tap but overall was pleased with the selection they had.So, after going here many times and loving it, they have new folks in the kitchen. The hollandaise is mayonnaise, no sides for the same price, potatoes are not delicious and they eliminated the Bloody Mary bar. I still have 3 stars because the bar itself is good and the bartenders are the best! But I will find a new casual brunch spot. Not happy. :-(Chris and Kelly are so amazing! Just like their happy hour drinks. If you're hungry stop by almost any hour! You'll never go wrong with the burgers here.Hidden in plain sight near the intersection of Tulane and Jeff Davis is an often overlooked Mid-City gem.  I had often driven past this bar without giving it much thought, as I hadn't heard about it from anybody I knew, but it turns out this is actually a very cool dive joint.  This is a much needed 24 hour spot for Mid-City that offers up live music and good food.
 Sunday's are an awesome time to visit as they have $5 small plates so you can sample a wide range of their offerings at a reduced price.  They have different specials 7 days a week and the friendly staff and patrons make this a joint a pleasure to experience.  They have very good burgers with fresh fries that are among the best in the area (kudos to Yelpers Danon H. &  Charles H.'s reviews for informing me about the great burgers here).  The crowd here did seem to trend towards the older side so if that bothers you then go somewhere else and leave us grumpy old folks alone :)
Tip:  We need more 24/7 spots in the city and this is the only one I know about in Mid-City so lets get back to those pre-Katrina days when there were 24/7 joints all over!!!  Dmac's gets one extra star for being about the only 24/7 spot in Mid-City!Brought my out of town family to see Lynn Drury, she is an excellent performer. The bar wasn't that busy but it was a fun experience.I was drunk and bitter abt no late night food  last time i reviewed, but the service and music overshadowed everything else.  Come by Saturday night and check out the pajama party...I had so much fun!Live bands, and cheap drinks in Mid City.  Local beers on tap along with the nationals.  This is a live music venue with local bands playing most nights of the week.  This place is a good alternative for out of towners to experience a neighborhood scene that is more low key local spot other than The Quarter.After 3 burgers in 24 hours I felt compelled review the spot. The music is rarely my taste but the food is consistently satisfying. The drinks are fairly priced and usually poured generously
Drink recommendation: Dmac attack 
Food recommendation: Mexican burger 
Cons: loitering and the occasional begger gets annoyingStumbled upon this place late night (about midnight-ish) after looking for a place to go after getting bored of the Bourbon Street scene. 
I LOVED IT! It's a bit divey but the drinks are strong, the bartender was excellent and chatty and I wound up meeting this huge group of people, musicians, painters, chefs, some were locals, a few were new residents to the city and some were tourists like me. Wound up staying till just after 7am, drinking and talking and having a blast. Oh, and the bathrooms were surprisingly clean and nice. 
Seriously, if you're new to the city or just visiting and really want some local flavor, please, please, PLEASE visit Dmac's!Best burger ever. Like no joke. The burger here is everything. Went back two times in one week during our visit to NoLa.Smacks has supreme burgers and some of the best tunes you can find in the Americas. 
#BadAssBurgers #Babes #BeerI judge a business's quality in New Orleans by the way they treat local customers and neighbors.
We moved to the neighborhood two months ago and Dmac's is our neighborhood bar. We'd already made a habit of going there for a bite or a drink, bringing friends along and spreading the word about them, well... until this morning. 
I came back from a trip last night to find out that my internet at home had stopped working. I don't have internet on my phone either. Early in the morning I rushed to Dmac's to have breakfast and wi-fi so that I could at least write to my husband who is abroad for work at the moment and tell him that I'm ok. 
Unusually, the bar was closed, but with all the staff in there for a meeting. Seeing that breakfast was not option, I told them that I'm a neighbor and asked if I could shortly connect to their wi-fi. I know they have it because my husband had connected to it before. 
The bar tender who talked to me firmly said "no." "You can connect here only as a customer, come back in two hours and you can connect then." But, I was already there as a customer and a neighbor. I told her I will come again to eat and drink but at the moment, as a 24-hour bar, they are unusually closed, I'm already a customer and I'm desperate for wi-fi. She repeated the same answer. 
That's very unusual for businesses in New Orleans and I'm truly heart broken. The regulars outside who saw me in distress did not hesitate a second to pass me the password: a typical New Orleans answer to idiotic behavior that goes against "be nice". 
I hope that was only one stupid bartender. If not, I will not step foot in there again.All the food is excellent especially the patty melt and brisket. They have some good music as well.Well it's time for an update about Dmacs.
This place has drastically improved since I had my troubles with some of the staff members out here.
The service is the biggest improvement. The owner fired Two of his bartenders that were incredibly racist. He said they were costing him money because they were running off his customers. I really can't say I don't blame the man for doing that, especially since one of the bartenders was so asinine that he demanded that a customer give him a tip. So once again I applaud the owner for the decision he made. 
The new staff members they have working out there are a stellar group of people. They have always been kind, prompt, and courteous with me. Plus not one of them ever demanded I give them a tip, so that's a plus.
The food here is still good. I can honestly say that I still think they got some of the best burgers in the city. Some of the brunch menu items weren't that great like the eggs cochon, or eggs benedict. The biggest disappointment was the Dmac drunken pizza. I didn't care much for it at all.
This place also has an impressive line up of live bands. Most of the time its blues, rock, jazz, cover bands and folk music. So yeah you can kick back and jam out.
In short improved staff, good food and great live bands.Wings are over priced and you only get 5 in a serving. Went to the bathroom to wash my hands and their was no soap in the men's room . Asked the bar tender for some soap and instead of getting some for the bathroom he just motioned me behind the bar to wash my hands .Being open 24/7 and offering a very late night kitchen has its advantages when the time is right. They also have some pretty good live music; their schedule is posted inside on the wall.Great music, fantastic cheap food, and cheap drinks all night long 24/7. Great dive bar feel and friendly peopleThis is a bar and grill in Mid-City near Tulane Avenue on South Jeff Davis.
Food: A good selection of "bar food" favorites with a personal twist. Their hamburgers are the best I've ever had in New Orleans. Hands down superior to Yo Mamma's (which I like a lot) or Port O' Call (which I think are grossly over-rated). The portions are huge and filling. Two can easily eat off one burger if a side is ordered. The kitchen stays open relatively late (I think till 11pm), which is a big plus in my book. There is a daily special every day from the kitchen, so look out for a new tasty treat each time you return. 5 stars
Service: There's a bartender and a cook, and that's it. Both work efficiently and will sit to talk with you if they have a few moments. The cook in particular will wax over his latest special of the day, going to great lengths to describe it to you, as well as anything you may have a question about on the menu. All food is prepared fresh and piping hot to order. Drinks come out quickly. 5 stars
Facilities: The building is a revamped old storefront done right. On the interior, there is seating at the bar, as well as tables, if that's your thing. There is a small stage near the door. Not divey, per se, but cozy and reminiscent of old neighborhood bars in New Orleans. The bathroom is nothing to write home about, but at least it's been clean each time I've used it. 4 stars
Bonus: Free music every night. That's right--absolutely no cover. Shows usually start at around 7pm and run for approximately 3 hours. Sometimes, it's just a guitarist that will sing, other times small bands will play here. These aren't necessarily groups that will be playing the Lakefront Arena any time soon, but I've never heard any "garbage" music, either.
Overall: If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I don't just throw out 5 star ratings like they're going out of style. Seriously, between the free music, excellent staff, and great food, the slight distractor of a tired, old bathroom takes little away from the experience. I am not a regular at the place, but I probably go about once a month, particularly if I'm craving a burger. I highly suggest you go there some time. 5 starsTim was an awesome bartender/server. Best bar food I've had in a while plus the prices for both drinks and food were unbeatableThis is a great local dive bar with greasy burgers and amazing local talent. The blues jam on Monday is definitely worth checking out. This is a nice neighborhood dive bar that is not filled with tourists. Service is friendly. Clientele is friendly. Beer is fairly cheap. Never a cover; instead they add a dollar to each drink for the musicians.Dmac's is a great neighborhood bar. They have some outdoor tables, tv's on the inside, a good happy hour, and really good burgers. I ordered the Swiss burger (swiss cheese, mushrooms, and onions) it comes with delicious french fries. Not too expensive for such a big meal. I could only eat half! The burger and fries were about $10. The bartenders and cook were really friendly! As was basically everyone in the bar. It had such a fun and friendly atmosphere. I will definitely be going back when I'm in the mood for another great burger.After five successive at least yearly trips to NOLA, we have found music and party Nirvana. It's here on Monday nights : Danny Alexander Blues Jam. Great non-stop music, audience sing alongside, audience backup singers (on stage), a variety of talented local musicians who seamlessly swap in and out, an enthusiastic and cooperative audience, way above average bar food, courteous and timely barkeepers/wait staff. THIS IS THE PLACE!!!I live in the neighborhood and Dmacs is our favorite place to go for dinner, drinks, and music! No cover- ever. Live music every night. The Swiss burger is one of the best burgers in town. Texas Chop sandwich also great. The people are so friendly and the service is excellent. I love the bartenders. I usually go to Dmac's on Sundays for a hangover cure. Nice and dark inside, food hits the spot, and drinks are right on the money. I bring all my house guests to Dmac's and they are never disappointed.Found our way to Dmac's after chatting with a musician playing in the Quarter--who was having a CD release at his local bar the next night. Great local establishment. Super friendly bartenders, good beer selection, and surprisingly good barbeque and burgers. My ribs were smokey, tender and delicious. Sides of greens and potato salad both good. Burger was very good as were fries. Best part was appreciative, happy people listening to great music. The schedule was full of eclectic options, so check this place out when you want a non-tourist, honest place.5 stars for what it is-- a small neighborhood bar (Jeff Davis off Tulane), live music just about every night, no cover (ever), with an older crowd, which are all pluses for me, being a lady of a certain age (my favorite bar since Tyler's closed, if you remember that). ....Monday night with the Danny Alexander Blues Band is my favorite night; Danny is a excellent blues singer and guitarist and has a loyal following; then after their first set at 8, musicians sit in. I've heard some amazing local/visiting musicians and singers, and the band lets average players have a chance to jam too.  Get there before 7:30 if you want a table where you can see the band. Friday night is good too, the band does a wider style of music, and again, many musicians sit in. Dave Ferrara leads the band, good versatile guitarist. Yeah, I do like this place. Reasonable prices at the bar, good kitchen. The staff is friendly, service is good, and one of the owners is usually here. Their burgers are very good, my usual order. I would come here by myself if I could park in their adjacent lot or next to the bar. Restrooms could use an upgrade but are acceptable.Y'all should really change your times bc the kitchen closes really early for y'all to advertise late night food :(
But the burger I had when you served food was delicious so if I seem disappointed I am bc I need me some burgers in midcity.Nicole is an AMAZING bartender, she is super sweet and fun. Her drinks were delicious and she was very attentive to us. I love Dmacs and Nicole is seriously awesome. Food is great too :)I doubt hardly anyone who uses Yelp goes here, and I hope it stays that way. Place is a hidden gem. Music is awesome, food is good, crowd is diverse, service is great.Stopped in after reading thru some Yelp reviews and I was not disappointed! I was looking for a decent hamburger and I stumbled upon the best burger I have had since I've lived in this city- 5 years now and I eat out a lot. Meat was fresh, I could tell it wasn't a frozen patty situation at all. They make it to order and your preference of doneness. Bun was nice and fluffy and toasted! All the dressings were fresh. Fries were hot and to die for. My fiancé had the patty melt and said it was the best patty melt he has ever had. Also everything was affordably priced. The vibe is cool too. It's a typical nola bar situation. The bar tender was super nice and efficient. The game was on so that was cool. Very diverse crowd. There was a stage area and announcements all over for upcoming performances. I think I'll def come back to check one out. For burgers this place will def be at the top of my list.The burgers are good here and it's a good area of town that keeps getting better.  
This is becoming a Steelers bars for Steelers games now.  I highly suggest hanging with the local mislocated Steelers fans at game time.  I've had fun and will continue to here.  
Ask for Josh or Kris.  We are heading up this Steelers' club N'at.
Go Steelers,
KrisI was looking for a burger. I've tried almost all in the city and wanted something new (as usual).
The inside is clean and not a typical new orleans dive yet still a bar so you can sit at the bar and enjoy a drink casually.  
Chicken parm was the special so we went for a burger and chicken parm.  The parm was very good although the noodles were overcooked so they were mushy. The burger was cooked well and tasted great. I have no complaints. They had sweet potato fries which made me happy.  Apparently they are taking them off the menu though.
A band was setting up as we were going.  There is a rotating schedule of music nightly it seems.  Would be a cool place to hang out later at night. 
I'd recommend it!I'll make this simple-- the BEST burger I've ever had was at this place. A great find. Mike was working the lurch and he's obviously gifted.This quintessential dive is more than it seems -an unpretentious environment where I enjoyed a great blues band.  This I expected, but what I did not expect was the quality food.  The menu is short with mostly typical bar food, BUT the beef brisket is almost exactly what my aunt serves on Christmas day!!  Lean, fork tender, carefully sliced, not over salted, and served on a plate, not styrofoam.  Obviously prepared with care.  Thank you D'Mac.  If ever in NOLA again you will be on my short list of stops.Had a burger here best one i have had in a long time.Friendly service,good size and reasonably pricedMy neighborhood 24 Hour bar! Is it the best bar in the world? No. It's not supposed to be. It's clean, friendly and reliable. 
Need to get out of house? Go to Dmac's 
Storm knocked your power out? Go to Dmac's 
Celebrating some random small victory? Go to Dmac's 
Need a casual meeting place? Go to Dmac's 
Thought you smelled a gas leak at 5:30am on a Tuesday? Text your roommates about it and run to Dmacs! Then enjoy $2 mimosas while you process your paranoia and wait to see if they wake up! 
The point is DMac's is a great bar. Great food that's affordable (but not available 24 hours). A large variety of entertainment and a colorful cast of regulars. Tandem massages have happened. 
Dmac's the neighborhood bar you always wished was always open.The renovation they did here was AWESOME. I was invited here once by some friends and I was like, eh... THAT place? Are you SURE?
It was SO CLEAN and nice inside. The guys working there are nice. The drinks are reasonably priced. It's 24 hours. The grill food is pretty dang good, and they've got some really nice items! Not just 'burger, fries'. I think there was a catfish plate or something that night, which I thought was awesome. The bathrooms are clean, though the ladies' is alllllll the way at the back. There's the upper bar area, with tables and the grill window. The lower bar area has a pool table, some chairs, etc. It's nice. 
The music inside sounds awesome. The live music was sooo good.This is the worst establishment in New Orleans.  I ordered food and a drink from them once, and NEVER AGAIN.  The bartender changed my tip amount on the receipt, and I was fraudulently overcharged.  I contacted them immediately, and the manager said I needed to send them a copy of my receipt for reimbursement.  After digging to find the receipt at their request, I emailed them a copy with no response.  I called 3-4 times a week for two weeks straight, and every bartender said they would pass along the message to the manager.  It's been two weeks since I emailed the receipt (over 3 weeks since the fraud occurred) and still no response.  The last time I called, the bartender/manager got an attitude with me as if I enjoyed begging them for my refund and hung up on me.  I will never spend another penny there and will encourage EVERYONE i know to do the same.  What happened to customer service?  I wasted lots of time and energy trying to get my money back when they were the ones committing fraud.  Do yourself a favor, and stay away.Hands down the best bar in NOLA. Cheap drinks and friendly bartenders. The food is out of this world. Taylor runs the kitchen like a Michelin starred chef. He is also the freakin MAN. I will be back. Get the wings! They are so good sometimes I eat the whole wing bones and all!! Yummy! Sometimes I go there and just stare at him.i hope he will notice my advances soon so we can start a life together grooming sheep in New Zealand. Taylor is also very friendly. And attractive. I love dmacs bar and grill and you will too.My go to spot when I'm in the mood for a good burger. They have really great burgers!!! Them buns are super soft. And they stay open late.Love this local neighborhood spot.  Especially on Monday nights. Came one night and Parliament was there on stage!!! So cool.  Good bartenders, fast service and good local music with no cover!!! If you're looking for something local and not touristy, this is the place.