We tried Killer Po-Boys and Johnny's Po-Boys but this was hands down my favorite! The Surf and Turf was amazing. I can't wait to go back!This mom and pop shop is awesome! The poorboy sandwiches were fantastic and although they're a little pricey, $20. It is still a destination to visit when you're in the area. FYI, you must try the oyster poorboy,  absolutely delicious!This place is in a ton of "best-of" lists.  Walking in, it's obvious that the spot has its following but the whole ordering process is scattered and confusing to a newbie.
Sandwich order at the station, menu on another wall, and drink orders at the other.  The bartender seemed like we were interrupting him and was annoyed when we tried to give him our sandwich order.  
We finally did order two shrimp po-boys which were good but not stand out.
Between the bartender, gruff staff and lack of atmosphere, it was an overall awkward experience.Po boys are everywhere! If you happen to be in the neighborhood, give this place a try. Domilise is a local shop where you can definitely tell they care about the local folks. There were these older women prepping all the foods and putting the po boy together behind the counter. The place felt very homey!
My favorite po boy was the surf & turf which is a combination of roast beef and shrimp. The sauce they used was pretty good. The bread was a slightly too chewy for me and would be perfect if the bread was crunchier and softer in the consistency. 
I was very thankful that they were able to make a lot of sandwiches on such short notice. Decent pricing and good service! Check out this place if you're in the area!Domilises is an institution.  High Life on tap for less than 2 bux, served in a goblet while you wait for your poboy.  I'm a nut for the barbeque beef, which is only available on wednesday and saturday.  The oyster poboy was once the best in the city according to a poster on the wall (with the honor highlighted).  This is a good place to go with two friends and get three sandwiches to split.  Viva Domilise.  A family-run place, make sure there's not an LSU game on or you'll have quite a wait.Great food great service great atmosphere! Sandwiches were really good. I got the roast beef fully dressed and it was amazing!Every time my husband and I visit somewhere new, we always look up restaurants that have been featured on Food Network. We currently live in Mississippi but recently took a day trip to New Orleans. As you could probably guess, there are a ton of resturants that have been on shows like "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," "The Best Thing I Ever Ate," ect... My husband loves poboys. We moved here from Virginia where we lived near the BEST poboy place. So we figured New Orleans just has to be even better. Unfortunately we were wrong. Searching all the different restaurants on yelp, all the poboys looked the same. However, Alex Guarnaschelli raved about this place on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate." Now, I love chef Alex so I figured this place must be amazing.
Don't expect anything fancy. This restaurant used to be a house. It's super small, only has maybe 5 or 6 tables. You order right when you walk in. The cook, I can't remember his name, was awesome. He was so nice and helpful. He explained the menu to us and talked us through what to order. I already had my mind set on the shrimp poboy because that's what my girl, Chef Alex, ordered. lol. My husband got the half oyster, half shrimp poboy. Our sandwiches came with lettuce, pickles, mayo, ketchup, and hot sauce. I'm not a huge fan of hot sauce on my sandwiches but I thought this time it was a nice addition.
I gave this place 3 stars because it really is just A-OK. The poboys are good. Just not great. Nothing you can't get anywhere else.Got there at 11:30 am on a Thursday and there was no line! This was a short lived success as they took forever to make the sandwiches. Probably another 20 minutes. I can't imagine how long they would have taken if there was a line. I got the iconic half oyster and half shrimp po boy with all the dressing. It was good but nothing crazy. The bread was actually kind of chewy and hard to bite. Maybe that's how it's suppose to taste?? Who knows but it was a struggle to eat. Also it's HUGE. Two people could have shared one sandwich. Overall, not worth  the uber trip out from the city.If you want to step away from the French Quarter to have some lunch, this is the place to go. It is located in Uptown and a quick Uber ride away the French Quarter. The shrimp po-boy with roast beef gravy was great and they have some great local beer selections as well! The owners are very friendly and great to talk too!!!Heaven on Earth...well atleast when it comes to po'boys. Being from the North, a true quality po'boy is hard to come by. We stopped here one late afternoon quite hungry and ready to indulge on an authentic po'boy experience. We ordered 3 (one oyster, shrimp & catfish), the lady gave us a puzzled look and said "3 for two of yall!?" and were nodded. After a few minutes, the po'boys came out fried perfectly and fresh with all the fixin's(catsup, mayo, lettuce etc.) They were finished in no time and washed down with a Barq's root beer from the bottle. ahhhh. Great way to finish them off. Didn't go for the decor, a very local place nestled in quite neighborhood off the beaten path of NO. Loved seeing the pictures and messages of approval from the Manning brothers and other notable people. If were are ever to return to NOLA, Domilise is a definite must stop.Four stars? NO WAY! This place is PERFECT. There's a bar and the po boys here are the gold standard. Great service from kind, friendly people. Legendary!!!
SIX STARS if I could.On my recent trip to Nola I was told by my friends to check this place out. (I should mention that guy's po-boys is just a few blocks away and I will need to check them out next time). 
I went with the shrimp poboy which was much more expensive than I would have thought and got a barq's rootbeer to wash it down. The place itself has limited seating and although you'll walk out of the place smelling like fried food it was enjoyable. 
The walls are covered with news articles and peyton manning autographed pictures (had to quickly google and yes peyton is from new orleans) in a pretty simple atmosphere. For the price I wouldn't go back but before leaving new orleans I had to try a po'boy.I thought it was okay, Jason thought it was better than okay. Jason thought the oyster Po boy was better than the shrimp... I did too. I wish I would have just gotten a plate of the Fried oysters by themselves. I can say this... It's not frozen out-of-a-bag shrimps or oysters. You can see them dredge it in flour and fry the shrimp or oysters right in front of you. I guess maybe I'm not a big fan of Po boys with everything on it, I should have just gotten mayo on my sandwich. The place was a dive, but I like dives. It did smell a little when I walked in, but I think it was just the grease and the shrimp/ oysters. The people were real nice who worked there.I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars. First off the atmosphere is amazing. It feels like eating in your grandpa's stinky basement if he had a bar and sold Po Boy's. They may have the worst men's room in America. But they shall be redeemed by the excellent shrimp Po Boy my wife and I ate. I've had Parkway, Parasol's, and Tracy's and I have to say this may be the tastiest. I won't call it the best but its dressing was more flavorful vs the others and it's definitely worth a visit.This is my favorite spot in Nola for a poboy. Family owned and always busy so you know it's good. Well worth the wait and always my first stop whenever returning back home!My husband and I have to visit each time we are in NOLA.  We normally go during the week, so we don't really have to deal with the lines.  
When you arrive head up to the food counter, they have a huge sign with options and prices. Any questions, just ask the folks behind the food counter.  They are always helpful. Then head over to the bar and order a drink. Love that they have cold Barq's root beer in the glass bottle! :)  Then grab a seat!
Our favorite is the shrimp poboy and the roast beef and swiss poboy. I like them fully dressed, but they will fix it the way you want it.  A "small" is two large pieces and a "large " is three large pieces.Roast Beef Poboy, YUMMM! 
One of the best poboys in the city. Everything from the soft flakey bread to the tender roast beef is done correctly accumulating in a sandwich which is all too good to try and describe in words. Just wish it wasnt so expensive.When I arrived, there was a line out the door. The wait seemed long since it was cold out that day, but probably ended up being 20 minutes. I had a shrimp po' boy, fully dressed. I ordered a large because all the sandwiches that people were ordering did not look "small," so I figured that was a large. LIttle did I know everyone had ordered smalls. However, I was glad that I did end up ordering the large. I happily chowed down on my large portion, and even took a few bites of my boyfriend's sandwich that he couldn't finish. It was that good.haven't i already done this?  best.  poboy.  ever.  miss dot is the coolest lady around.  coldest high life on tap in frozen chalice.  
get the half and half.  if you're not going to get a seafood poboy, get the roast beef w/ swiss cheese.  if you're really going out on a limb, get the hamburger poboy and thank me later.
best.  ever.Finding this place off the St. Charles Streetcar line was a huge effort. Fortunately for me, my friends humored me and we eventually made it. There was a line out the door and for great reason - the po' boys were a super tasty and so reasonably priced. Not to mention the friendly folks behind the counter. Seating could easily have been an issue, but there was a high turnover. I definitely recommend this place and would make the long journey back if I ever get back to New Orleans.The po' boys are absolutely delicious! Definitely worth the trek from the French Quarter. Get the shrimp one, it's their classic.This is no way near a good New Orleans poboy. The oysters were too over cooked. Dry and tiny. The shrimp was bland and ok. The food was too overpriced. Service was bad.Simply the best Po-Boy in the city. Mother's, eat your heart out.... Friendly staff and the best bartender in town. Half and half with shrimp and oysters or the roast beef are dewishes dewights. 
Tip - ask the bartender the special hangover soda. I think it was a strawberry cream soda and it worked wonders for me and my stinky friendles.I'm not sure why this place gets the raves it does. I would have rated them higher, just every time I do go.. it's the same experience. 
Over priced sandwiches for little that you get. You barely taste anything due to over batter and thick as hell french bread. 
Maybe I just expected more, coming from a place thats been open so long. Everything looks the same, yet seems the food gets more skimmed and prices are jacked up higher.I started coming here when I was a kid.  I moved away and return whenever I'm in town.  Now I brink my college aged sons which makes it even better. The roast beef, oyster, and shrimp po-boys are perfect.  A New Orleans classic.  Excellent food in a "modest" neighborhood hole-in-the-wall.  Don't miss it!!In my humble opinion, might be the best oyster Po boy in a town full of world class Po boys. Have a Barq's with it!Oyster and shrimp po boy were both delicious. Oyster was a little better. Creamy and richer.The place to go for po boys. Great place to stop as your walking around the Garden District.I don't know why this place is so popular.  The owners are great, but the po boys are not good by any standards.It's a New Orleans institution. Love the signed photos from the Manning boys above the bar. This past weekend, we got there about 2pm and there was still a line out the door, but it moved pretty quickly. We changed our order about ten times while watching the ladies assembling po boys, but ultimately opted for the roast beef and shrimp and switched halves. The roast beef wasn't quite as good as I had hoped. The shrimp was pretty great, though. I think it's a little on the pricey side. I like the atmosphere at Domilise's better, but ultimately, I think Parkway makes a better poboy.I like to travel, and when I do, I like to get off the "beaten" path and try neighborhood restaurants that might be really good, but that most tourists don't get to. 
Still, my mom and I were a little sketched out as we drove past the pretty part of Magazine Street into residential areas of the netherlands of New Orleans to try this po' boy shop/bar my friends recommended as an absolute must, but we soon found out ... they were right, right, right. We weren't scared for our safety, so much as feeling like we might be lost, because Domilise's doesn't have much signage. We were early enough that there wasn't a line, and Peyton Manning hadn't yet arrived either :).
On to the food. I had a roast beef sandwich, because the cute boy behind the food side suggested it. It was awesome, because they roast the beef in house and save the jus. My mom had a shrimp po' boy, fully dressed, which was killer too. 
On to the bar. The bartenders are also firefighters, so I 1. unabashedly hit on them because they're Southerners, gentlemen, and heroes and heroes are hot, and 2. probed them for Katrina and other storm stories, which they were really eager to tell. I also had Abita on tap, which I love. I like Abita in a bottle, but Abita on tap makes me happy. They ALSO had garlic Tabasco, which is freaking awesome and impossible to find.
Domilise's is cash only, and there's no ATM like, anywhere that we could find. But all the amazing things about it make up for that little problem. By the time we left, there was a line almost around the block. Go early! Go hungry!Was pretty disappointed this time. Usually poboys are really sloppy, these were almost dry! Plus it's not wort the price, $67.00 for 4 roast beef poboys, won't be back for  a while. 
Counter ladies are super friendly though.This is definitely a hole in the wall, but is totally worth it.  I was on a girls trip in NOLA and said this was must over the weekend.  We arrived around 2:30 PM on a Monday afternoon and there was a few other in there but no wait for a table.  The ordering concept was a little confusing with picking a number and waiting until you are called to order.  Regardless, the food was out of this world.  It was definitely the best food we ate during the trip. The group (7 of us) order either the shrimp po boy or catfish.  Everyone said it one of the highlights of the trip.  I will be back if im ever in NOLA again.So, after trying both Parkway and Domilise, the winner of best poor boy is Domilise's, hands down! I'm not sure what all the Parkway hype is about, but Domilise had better meat, bread, sauce and selection. 
The wife and I had the Surf N' Turf and Shrimp Po-Boys at Parkway. Both were okay but no better than any other Po-Boy in NOLA. 
At Domilise, we split a Shrimp & Oyster Po-Boy because their Po-Boys are twice the size of Parkway's. It was AMAZING! Best Po-Boy, no, BEST SANDWICH EVER! My wife described the oysters best when saying that they "melt-in-your-mouth". The slightly spicy sauce compliments them very well. The bread also tastes great and is perfectly toasted. Be sure to order your Po-Boy fully dressed for extra flavor.So if you come to this place you should know a couple of things.  First, they only take cash so come ready for that!  Second, if you come to Domilise's make sure to order the right thing.  Here, that would involve the fried seafood.  My personal favorite is the fried oyster po-boy but I have been known to get the 1/2 and 1/2 seafood special (1/2 shrimp and 1/2 oyster).  The reason I suggest these over any other is that this place just seems to revel in how fresh, hot, and crispy they make their seafood.  I am not even sure about the other sandwiches on the menu because the thought of those crispy, salty fried oysters with that hot sauce, mayo, and lettuce on Leidenheimer french bread is enough to make me drool.  Even better, go there next time and order the oyter and ask them to top it with some debris gravy!  This was just a flavor/texture-gasm for me.  Anyway, if you follow these simple instructions this will be a place that you will be loyal to and love for years to come.... Oh yeah, and if the owners are reading this, your patrons love you but if you could come down a little in price that would be awesome!
P.S. Don't pass up an ice cold beer or root-beer at the bar if you come here!One word can describe this place, delicious. The Roast Beef Poboy at Domilise is extremely hard to beat. The price is a bit steep, $12 for a poboy, but it is a hard sandwich to beat, and could quite possibly be the best poboy in New Orleans.We live in the 'hood, on Annunciation Street and eat out frequently.
This is the most disappointing place I have tried in a while.  I watched them unwrap pre-cooked packing house roast beef for my po-boy, then douse it with canned gravy and serve it.  Now, I stood right there and watched them do this; not hear-say.  It is so; I WATCHED FROM UP CLOSE !
Fried oyster po-boy isn't much better.  This place is surrounded by lots of better po-boy shops.
To give the Devil his due; they do have cold, cold canned beer; which I MUCH PREFER to those damned beer bottles, for many reasons.  It is hard to find a stop with canned beer around here.
Instead, try (The Original) Parasol's on Constance @ Third Streets; much, much better food.Yep, it is that good! We had one shrimp and one oyster-- both were amazing! I was a little iffie on the ketchup, but it actually works really well. We sat at the little bar with a super cool old timer barkeep and drank Dixie beer, which i suggest doing ironically if at all, ate Zapps and devoured our sandwiches in about 5 minutes flat. While we didn't exhibit much self control in consuming the po boys (i found several bits in my shirt later in the day) we were pillars of will in that we did not order 2 more for the ride back to the hotel.A hidden neighborhood hangout! Wonderful customer service and great food options. I will be a frequent customer!While the Shrimp Sandwich was pretty good and the bread was fresh it really was no big deal. No reason to go stand in line to eat at a dirty place in a bad neighborhood that a pain to get to. My husband had the roast beef with gravy and his exact word were "I could have got a better sandwich at Jimmy Johns!" The lettuce is a pre-shredded plastic bag, the roast beef was regular deli meat and the gravy was a mix. The bread was really light and good though. The place is really dirty and the employees do not cover their hair and they do not wear gloves sorry Food network, you got this one wrongMy favorite New Orleans food.  Full stop.
In 2005, just after Katrina hit, NPR sent a reporter to assess how the city was doing, and the big scoop was that Domilise's was okay.  I felt guilty knowing that during that horrible aftermath, my first thought was always about Domilise's, but that report showed I was not alone.  People love Domilise's that much!
If you're new, get the shrimp.  That is the Platonic ideal of a po-boy, made with untoasted Leidenheimer bread and served on a paper plate.Don't get the hype. Probably the worst shrimp and roast beef poboys I have ever had and I have lived in NOLA my whole life. Maybe I went on a bad day but not inclined to go back.made to order fried shrimp po boy.  shared a large, and the key here is that they use great french bread (leidenheimer) and seems cornmeal? battered shrimp, not too heavy on the batter, nice ketchup and hot sauce balance, get it dressed with everything.  deceptively simple sandwich that is satisfying.  better than parkway po'boyA chef told me this is the one place I had to check out when I visited New Orleans did not lead me astray. The po'boy was mouthwatering. Friendly and loyal bartender who has been with shop for years made for a memorable and pleasant chat.Domilise's is a New Orleans po'boy institution. The women behind the counter are pumping out those sandwiches as fast as they can, so wait your turn in line and don't complain about the wait. Everyone else in front of you in line knows how the good the sandwich is and they are willing to wait, so you should too. The shrimp po'boy is one of, if not the best, in the city. The bread, the spicy mayo, and the size of those golden fried shrimp make it a winner. Domilise's is a little pricey for a sandwich, but they know they can be. Did you see that line out the door? Damn skippy- they can charge a little more. I've had the shrimp and the roast beef with gravy. Good stuff. I recommend this place for people that want a good po'boy but are patient. It may take awhile, but the result is true yumminess. I suggest taking it to go, grab a beer and enjoy in a beautiful setting like on top of the levee or in front of a newly tapped mini keg of NOLA beer. Ah, what a beautiful sight.Best fried shrimp and fried oyster po-boys in town. First place I bring out of town guests (if they are open) and I'm happy to report they finally put their sign back up! The best part is when Ms. Dot pokes her head out of the family house which is attached to the restaurant to check on things. Not totally sure how they pass health inspections, but the food is so good, you just don't care.Good po-boy, but $14 for a shrimp and oyster po-boy - c'mon, it's not that good.Best Po'Boys you can get. They are closed two days of the week currently. The sign out front is gone, but let me tell you those folks can make a killer sandwhich. We went with four people, got four larges, had them cut four ways and we all got to try a bit of the good stuff. Oyster Po'Boy, Shrimp Po'Boy, Roast Beef Po'Boy (MmmMm with gravy) and the Hot Sausage Po'Boy. With their cheap bottled and draft beers you cant go wrong. If you come in there though, dont grab a table when you are 20 minutes away it just makes it a pain for people in front of you to eat. 
:)Honestly you wouldn't see this place if you weren't looking. It's a complete hole in the wall and I hope it stays that way. I love their shrimp poboys dressed fully. It doesn't look much better on the inside but if you come for the food and not the decor you'll be very satisfied. I'm a 3rd generation eater of this restaurant over the past 50 years and it's gotten better over time! I don't live here but I make it a point to come every time. Not staying in the touristy areas makes it a lot easier to access too.Love these local neighborhood institutions. My friend brought me here; she grew up in the area and said this is THE spot where everyone went to hang out. 
I asked the owner what the most popular item is- shrimp po'boy is it! Good flavors and contrasting textures. Throw in some Zapp chips (spicy cajun crawtators), and we got a meal. 
5 stars for mom and pop establishments that span generations. Love the local decorations and photos. It's clear this isn't a tourist trap, and it's the real deal.Domilise was recommended to me by a friend who previously lived in New Orleans, and I'm so glad we made the trip all the way Uptown to eat there.  It's a tiny little hole-in-the-wall family joint serving up fresh po-boys that are delicious.  The women behind the fryers/grill are so lovely and friendly that they feel like family, and the bartender was super chilled.  It was the perfect place to go after a walk in the Garden District.  It's not super convenient to get to unless you have a car or take the bus, but we liked the walk.  It is definitely a local joint - lots of people were stopping in to pick up sandwiches to go and a cop was eating there (always a good sign) - and there are tons of photos of Peyton and Eli Manning from when they were in high school (they grew up not far from the shop).  If I could get these sandwiches in NYC I'd be in big trouble because I'd eat one a week!Wow, what a let down.  We saw Emeril Lagasse recommend this place when he visited it on a program we watched.  How on earth does this food get 4 stars and a recommendation from one of the most recognizable chefs in the U.S.???  There isn't enough seating and the kitchen is slow when its busy, which would be fine if the food was amazing but its not even close.  My wife & I split a roast beef poboy and a shrimp poboy, both were completely forgettable.  The kitchen staff is super friendly, but I'd look for good poboys elsewhere.We finally made our way to Domilise's after 4 trips to NOLA. Why did we wait so long? We took the bus from Canal and it was only a 15 minute ride. We decided to share a large Shrimp Po-boy ($15) and 2 beers. There was so much shrimp, that they were also piled on the plate. The bread was the perfect amount of crisp and chew. Dressed with mayo, lettuce, pickle and hot sauce. It was more than enough to fill us up for an early lunch. We didn't have to wait like a lot of the reviews claimed. It was 1ish and we got a seat right away.  Cool old neighborhood joint worth the bus trip for sure.  Add this to your list when visiting the Garden District!An institution. Love the sweet ladies behind the counter and the way you can watch them fry your sandwich's fish, shrimp or oysters to order. The bar is stocked with Barq's, Zapps, and Abita. I usually get the "small" (which means plenty big) catfish, dressed with extra mayo. The catfish fillet adds a little extra moisture to the sandwich, and when the hot fillet mixes with the hot sauce and mayo it becomes such a satisfying bite. 
Worth waiting in the line that often snakes out the door.I grew up in New Orleans and look forward to eating certain things when I'm back. Raw oysters and poboys are two. Domilise is an poboy institution but it can live on its reputation just so long. Had the half and half poboy. Half fried oysters half shrimp. Bread was nothing like it used to be. Lacked crisp crust, too doughy. Only a few oysters and shrimp on the sandwich. Big disappointment. People next to us had shrimp poboys. Overflowing with shrimp. They were happy. I'll look elsewhere for a poboy next time I'm in town. FYI: wasn't that impressed with Parkway poboy either. In the neighborhood Frankie and Johnny's still have great oysters, much better than Acme Oyster House in the Quarter.We went to this place on a recommendation from a friend that grew up in Nola. This was, by far, the best poboy I've ever had. It's a very quirky little place (inside a house) on a residential street in Uptown, but it's totally worth the walk and adventure.The short line moved quickly when we arrived. After ordering, we grabbed seats at the bar to wait for our sandwiches. We ordered a small half mixed-seafood po boy (half oyster, half shrimp, mixed in the middle) fully dressed and a small rich boy with cheese and horseradish. Small was plenty of food. Both were delicious, even after getting them to-go and walking about 15 minutes - seafood was still crispy! We both preferred the oyster side of the po boy over the shrimp and the rich boy exceeded expectations (we only ordered it because it seemed like everybody else was). The place is in a neighborhood, so it is a bit of a destination, but it has a lot of character and was well worth the walk.You want flash and long lines, go to Crabby Jack's. You want just a darn good po'boy shop come here. Prudes might call it dingy, but I call it perfect.Super big fan. 
I was SUPERRRRRR hung over...to the point I didn't even want to eat.. (who was I ... I have no idea). 
Walked in right when they opened. No wait. Score.
 I immediately ordered a super ice cold beer. They keep the glasses straight frozen and I appreciate that small but very important detail. 
Once I got my wits about me... I ordered a shirmp po'boy. Super sweet and crispy shrimp, like light and piled on there.. they do not skimp. The bread was soft and kind of like eating a cloud. BOMB. Everything together was magical and even my hung over self knew this.can't change my rating since i haven't been there again but not for lack of trying!  three times in the last 6 months, i have wanted to revisit the greatest fried oyster po boy in the land (especially since others who have tried it lately have told me they don't see what the big deal is) and EVERY SINGLE TIME, there has been a hand-printed sign with "We are closed" and today's date - affirming that they are in fact still in business, just not for me.
YO.  WTF?!?Just had the best shrimp sandwich pool boy in my life I would highly recommend to anyone visiting New Orleans to check that place you're not going to regret itDocked a star for being incredibly overpriced, in my humble opinion. They are obviously charging prices that tourists and those seeking NOLA institutions are willing to pay. Maybe I have just only had poboys at really low brow places. 
However, I found the staff to be friendly and the service to be quick. My catfish poboy was a large portion (I got a "small" which is essentially a normal sized poboy, a large is like a poboy and a half). The bread was fresh, the catfish was perfectly cooked and piping hot, and it was all drizzled in lots of hot sauce. YUM. I needed at least 10 napkins. Of course, I spilled food all over myself.
People call it dive-y, but honestly the appearance is not off putting for locals. I didn't find it to be uncomfortable in any sense. 
It's definitely an experience that one should seek out at least once during their time in Nola, but I'm not sure I would go out of my way to grab a poboy from here when there are cheaper and just as good options that are closer to my house.The shrimp po-boy is tasty. Nice-sized portion(I ordered a small sandwich).I hadn't truly experienced a po-boy until I stopped here, the combination of fried shrimp, lettuce, pickles, and mayo on toasted french bread was incomparable to anything i'd had up to that point, add a little Louisiana hot sauce to that bad boy, and you've got a customer for life!
This place will be at the top of the list of recommendations I give to people when they are looking for somewhere to eat in New Orleans!No visit to New Orleans is complete for me without a visit to Domilise's for a fried shrimp and/or oyster po boy. The bread is fresh, the seafood is fried to order, and the toppings are all fantastic. While the location is a little off the beaten path, it is well worth going out of your way to try one of these mouthwateringly delicious sandwiches. Make sure to plan ahead though as the wait can get long around the lunch hour and they are closed on Sundays.I really loved the food! I had a roast beef and shrimp po boy! And it was delicious!! The attention of the ladies of the kitchen was awesome, however, the guy from the bar had a really negative attitude toward us, complaining "how tired he was of the people that comes there" and he specially he had a really bad and stupid behavior. But in general the food was awesome JUST STAY AWAY FROM THE BAR!!!It'd be really hard to find a better po-boy in New Orleans.
We make it a point to visit every trip we take to Louisiana, I was born and raised in NOLA but moved to Austin,Tx 8 years ago. I have told every friend that has traveled to New Orleans and not one has been disappointed. 
The po-boys are delicious, the service is quick - don't let the line that can go out the door fool you it moves quickly and is so worth a few minutes. 
The roast beef with extra gravy dressed no mayo is my personal favorite, the hot sausage with chili gets a big thumbs up, my picky eater niece devours the fried shrimp and my mom adores the oyster.... its a mistake to miss this place and the deliciousness that is made inside. They stuff that fresh bread full and your belly leaves overjoyed that you made the choice to nom here.
The staff are sweethearts and make it a point to say hey y'all to all the newbies and remember the regulars. 
Our family has been going for years, I can remember being a teen and enjoying the same experience. Its a small place but Im so happy they don't expand into a bigger spot and loose everything that makes it great, family and friend oriented these guys know how to have a good time while making delicious food.
You can call in an order to pick up if you are in a rush too.I Had the seafood with fried oysters and shrimp. I was so hungry I literally forgot to take a picture of it lol I went out of my way to go to this specific sandwich shop while in town and was just not impressed. I don't think there was anything about them that truly stood out. Very generic tasting from bread to sauce but it hits the spot if you're near by. Slightly expensive as well, about 20$ for an average tasting Po'Boy.Had the shrimp, Swiss and brown gravy po boy and the catfish!  It was so good!  Great little place.  The ladies in there are so precious!  Good find!God damn. Best sandwiches either of us have ever had. Ever. Seriously. We had an off the menu special with shrimp and beef gravy (pictured) and the roast beef. I wish I were eating them again right now.There's a myth going around that this is one of New Orleans' best sandwich shops, but reality is that Domilise gets by on its name at this point. I really don't know how they are still in business
I COULD overlook some things about the place (Lack of parking, unfriendly staff, limited seating, dirty floors, etc)...IF the food was great..or even good for that matter - but it isn't.  The shrimp po' boy, which costs around $12.50 was mediocre - I've had better from a gas station - SERIOUSLY! The shrimp were tiny and the sandwich was far from "overstuffed".  Some bites of "shrimp" were just fry - no shrimp to be found.
On top of the sandwiches being average at best, the staff at the counter doesn't seem to have a clear defined role.  Most of the time they just sit there making sandwiches, and occasionally, when the line starts running out of the door, one of them will stop to take an order or two, handle the dirty money with out cleaning their hands, and go straight back to handling food again. I just LOVE the taste of a dollar bill sandwich and standing at the counter for 25 minutes just to place my order...I swear.
Like many people have said before me, just go to Crabby Jacks, or Parkway Tavern and get it over with. Both are infinitely better and you don't have to take out a 2nd mortgage or cancel all of your afternoon appointments to get a Po' Boy.Judged one of the top po'boy places in town.  I somehow spent 4 years in New Orleans and didn't try it until my last visit down.  How foolish I was.
Probably the best shrimp po'boy I've ever had.  There is a special mustard or something that really makes it perfect.
We managed to sneak in right before the major rush but it definitely gets crowded.  Also, they have a small dining room with only a handful of tables so it's worth coming early. 
Favorites are: Shrimp po'boyThis hole in the wall po-boy shop is everything you want it to be. We had delicious food, nostalgic beverages and chatted with locals who had memories of the place from 50 years ago. The sandwiches are amazing. Can't go wrong.I get the roast beef with gravy and Swiss most of the time. Very solid poboys. They really need a better system to placing orders and getting them out. Anyway, maybe that's part of the charm. Just like somehow mustard always gets on my Poboy.Maybe I just expected too much because of all the build up. Seeing this place on Anthony Bourdain's show, No Reservations, excited me. This is my favorite city & fav food city that I am very passionate about... but I was a little let down. Don't misunderstand me though. It was a good poboy... just not the WOW I was looking forward to. The bread has that 'tooth' we all look for. The poboy insides are mediocre quality, but still tasty. The place itself is a dump, which is always fine as long as the food is good. There are only about a dozen tables in the place plus a bar (that serves soda and beer only). We went around 11 AM and waited in line to order for about 10-15 minutes. I do have to admit, it's soooo NOLA hole-in-the-wall, and that is a good thing. haha.
The small shrimp poboy cost around $10.These poboys are EXTREMELY OVERPRICED! not good enough to charge 18.50$ for poboy .Po boys have cigarette taste to it .I would go to crabby jacks any day over these old school folks...good day.go here. order a fried shrimp or oyster or mixed po-boy...dressed. get a cold beer or a Barq's. and relish it all. the experience, the look, the feel, the vibe. be patient and enjoy. this is the quintessential New Orleans experience. get off the beaten path, and check it out. (btw, Mother's doesn't hold a candle to this joint).Notice all the reviews are written by out-of-towners?  Domilise got famous, raised their prices and locals stopped going as much.  Good but way over priced.My favorite Poboys in my hometown. I go here every single time I visit. I always get the 1/2 oyster 1/2 shrimp to go with a Barqs and take it to the Fly, where I enjoy every last bite. Sooooooo good. Man I wish I was in New Orleans right now.So good! The staff were all super friendly. It's not in a touristy area so a lot of locals go there it seems. The Po-boys didn't take long to make and were really fresh. Even the "small" Po-boys were a big size.