This place was awful. I went because it was the only place open late at night. Burger and fries were horrible and I got an apple pie which tasted like it came out of a refrigerated box.nice inexpensive eat. very casual great place to spot for a bite at all hoursGreatest place on earth?  Yes.  
I love this place.  I love diner food. Every time I go I get the country fried steak breakfast and I am never disappointed.  Very cheap for a ton of food.  And the staff is always super nice.  I really love this place.  It is open all night so it is never a bad time to go.  Everything on their menu is always available.  I love this place so much.  I just got back so now I am going to take a nap...Thank you 
Best coffee in NOLA
Super helpful staff
Great service great food 
Very clean table 
Fast serviceIt's a diner. If you want escargot bourguignons or pate fois gras, you're in the wrong joint. You want fried eggs, breakfast meats, and a mountain of hashbrowns, all covered in sausage gravy served hot at an odd hour of the night, then this is the place.Walking distance from the KOA where we were staying. The breakfast was so delicious and the service was top notch. We ordered the biscuits and gravy and some breakfast croissant sandwiches. 
We had our dog so they let us eat on their grassy patch outside and brought our meal to us. So friendly. Would definitely recommendOpen 24hours. Good late night eatery. Waitstaff not so great, but the same cook keeps the food on point. My favorite thing on the menu has to be the Hit the Spotwich. It really does, hit the spot.Pretty good place to grab a bite in the low budget side,,, wife and 3 kids plus my self for below $50 bucks,,,Can't complain, that meal hit the spot! Had the big cheesy, as well as a short stack,  and thoroughly enjoyed it. Gotta give comp to our waitress "Theresa" she suggested the big cheesy.  Great service,  great atmosphere.Food is pretty good for an all night place. We came in twice for  to go orders during a weekend trip while staying in the area. Service was unenthusiastic. I guess the lady was just overwhelmed. My husband did not care for his grits, but my burger was decent and the prices were OK for what you get. I guess if you come in late and have been drinking, you might not care if the service is not "warm & fuzzy" LOL.This is my favorite retro diner!  Slider breakfasts and burgers.  Atmosphere is 1950s retro that reminds me of childhood road trips.  No frills, teach-your-arteries-who's boss burgers.  No-nonsense waitresses, 1950s diner atmosphere flanking a U.S. Highway with pay-by-the-hour hotels.  A real treat if you're in the mood( yes, those!).  A great, thematic place for a high value breakfast or lunch!One of the only places my fiancé and I frequent. (He's a great chef). Good food, great price. Not always great service, but more often then not. A hidden gem in New OrleansOne of the best breakfasts spots we've ever been to!  The service was fast, and the food was absolutely delicious!  Highly recommend the country fried steak.I am here, savoring a tremendous Chicken Parmesan lunch special, with salad, and garlic bread for only $7.99 
  Great atmosphere, service, and food.Stopped here for a quick bite to eat, and loved it. Nothing fancy, but very cute! Prices were great too. The staff was amazingly kind. They gave great recommendations, were very accommodating, very attentive, and kept the place clean. I'd recommend anyone come here for a quick bite midday! The seafood omelette was delish, as well as the strawberry banana malts!I was pleasantly surprised to have the owner of Dots Larry reach out to me to apologize for my bad experience. I really appreciated that he took the time to reach out to me. Even though I didn't like what I ordered that day, there are other opportunities to try other thing. For breakfast he recommended the blueberry pancakes & the New Orleans omelette. For lunch he recommended the club sandwich. I think its worth going back to Dots to give it another try.We are from Miami came to Louisiana for the bday weekend , we wanted to try local food for breakfast and wow! We loved dots diner everyone was very nice , food was tasty, ORange Juice excellent!!! We loved itThe fried chicken chef salad is great. I always stop here after seeing the doctor down the road.What can I say?! I love this place. The staff has always been friendly and it feels like home. It's one place I feel comfortable going to all by my lonesome when hunger sets in on a late night. Certainly beats fast food. Omelets are great! I always get breakfast food and it never disappoints. You can even get chocolate chips on your pancakes which I love. It reminds me of being back at grandma's house.Always enjoy a delicious Ham and Cheese Omelette with Hash Browns ... amazing how there was no Grease on my plate!!!Hole in the wall, greasy spoon type of small diner.  Food was amazing.  Must be the southern touch or something because the food had tons of flavor.  The hashbrowns were just the perfect level of crispiness.  The bacon was the high quality, thick cut variety. Not too greasy.  The service was great, my coffee cup never made it less than half full.  Highly recommended.I can't visit Louisiana without a trip  to Dots. It's my favorite greasy spoon and they serve breakfast all day. The omelets are huge and they seem to use sharper, tastier cheddar cheese than other places.I wanted to find a diner in New Orleans similar to the House of Pies in Houston. I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes, hashbrowns, and cheese grits. The pancakes were super dry but a bit drier than what I prefer. The cheese grits were a little watery (probably because they were wheat instead of corn) but very cheesy. The hashbrowns were probably what I enjoyed the most, a little greasy but still very good. I recommend this place if you are looking for easy diner, comfort food.My friend was having a bad day so just stopped in to have coffee. I just had to have the lunch special that day, boy was it yummy. RED BEANS . Service was friendly as can be. Left with smiles on our faces.Omg. Sooooo good. I got The Big Cheese which consists of a 6oz Patty between 2 grilled cheese sandwiches! So buttery and delicious! Love this place!I had a Big Dot Burger.  The patty tasted like sirloin, the lettuce & tomato fresh and the bun soft lightly toasted.  It was better than I expected .Best breakfast spot in town -- great diner-style food and excellent, friendly service from Sophia, Alexis, Carley, and Crystal!As diners go, it's a good one, with a pretty broad menu (sandwiches, entrees, salads, soups, and all kinds of breakfast). No booths here, but simple tables and chairs. And free wifi. Service was attentive. And my BLT had enough B on it to keep me happy. Finished off with a chocolate shake. This is my second trip to a Dot's but my first to this location, as the hours here met my needs. And at $, I'll be back.People kept telling me about this place and how I should try it. So one saturday morning I did. What a disappointment!
When I got their they tried to sit me at a dirty table. I asked them to seat me somewhere clean, they gave me an evil look. When they sat me down at a clean table I placed my order. The food they served wasn't that great. The eggs were to runny, the sausage wasn't completely done, but hash browns were alright.
Like I pointed out the thing that bothered me the most about this place was the service. They weren't hateful to me but I didn't feel entirely welcome here either. I just felt like I was tolerated. The only people that were that nice to me here were the regulars. I do not know if this business ever changed their wicked ways since I was last here about a year ago, I never came back to find out. The only thing that saved this place from being given a one star review was the fact that it stays open 24/7 and the hash browns  :)
In short I guess this place is alright if you are leaving the bar late at night and need a bite to eat. But there are way better breakfast places in this city!Great prices and large portions. Not gourmet by any means but a great Diner which you find too often in the New Orleans area. Service was good and kept drinks full.  The only mishap would be the waffle being too dry to eat.  Other wise the Lumberjack platter and Popeyes omelet were both great options for our breakfast.My self and my bandmates always hit up Dots late night after gigs...we always enjoy the good food and attentive service..Crescent City Soul Band loves some Dots.. Kacie was very nice and took care of us Thank you Dots for the good food and great service.Waited almost 30 minutes for a chicken sandwich and a grilled cheese when there was only 2 people in the restaurant. After finally getting my food there were multiple hairs in the ice cold lump of shredded cheese. Disgusting. Will not returnAlways friendly service. Food cooked to order. Easy in and out. Great affordable lunch specials.Found myself in the area with time to kill. I had heard their commercials on local radio and went in. First appearance, the place was a bit run down and dirty. It was just after noon and it's not exactly a high browed crowd. Was greeted promptly and offered my choice of beverage. There had been a water issue due to the cold and ice, coffee, tea and bottled water were available. Typical diner menu, sandwiches, breakfast and entree things. I love sandwiches, had a Patty melt. The burger was cooked well done, the onions were grilled nicely. It came with Swiss cheese on rye, I added bacon.  It was good, quite tasty. The fries were hot and crisp. The waitress was busy but not too the point of ignoring me.  Bathroom was clean, and they have slot machines or video poker. My meal was under $15, worth the price. I will be back.This is our favorite spot when we visit our doctor. The place has gotten a facelift and looks great. Still the same great food and service.Mmmmm...got the "Who Dot" burger and it was fantastic. The service was great and I'll be back.We were looking for a truck stop diner to get some breakfast at lunch time. Dots fit the bill, so we gave it a try. Classic American diner, however... my plate was perfect. I got the "Southern Breakfast": eggs, hash browns, sausage and biscuits 'n gravy.  Wow, the gravy was on point. Biscuits were fresh and rich buttery. Hash browns were crisp on the outside, soft on the inside. 
Bottom line, great diner food and swift, attentive staff.Dots has really good food and the service at this location is outstanding. When you walk into Dots someone is always there to greet you and you never have to wait long for waitress.I'm somewhat surprised to see complaints about the service at Dots.  We've been going here fairly frequently for years and have found the waitresses to be very friendly.  But everyone's experiences can be different.  
In any case, Dots is a diner, greasy spoon, whatever you want to call it.  Without pretension and offering food that for the most part your cardiologist would frown upon if he caught you there.  (BTW, they do have plenty of healthier fare, but I like to indulge when I'm there, and it's worth the indulgence.) Breakfast 24 hours a day and some really solid burgers.  Their sliders are my favorite, with the patty melt a close second, and their breakfast specials will definitely fill you up.  Some people swear by Dots, and I'm definitely a fan.I love the breakfast here.  My fiance think he has died and gone to heaven when we eat at Dot's diner.Although the diner itself could use a facelift my visit was exceptionally delightful. My waitress Kathleen was attentive and full of personality. She made sure all my needs were met and brought me items as needed before I even asked. Food was as expected traditional diner food and coffee. Meal definately filled me up...wish I had room for the dessert Kathleen offered me...maybe next time. If your hungry, on a budget, and it's late try Dot's Diner.This place was great! My husband & I were in town for 3 days & ate here 4 times. The biscuits are AMAZING, as was everything else we got. The staff was friendly & helpful & it was affordable. It had big eats for a small price. If I'm ever back in the area, I'll definitely go back!Breakfast was so freaking good, there are no words! We got so full, but wanted to keep eating!!! Pancakes were fabulous! Waitress was great! Love this place, I will be back when I return to the N.O. area. 
 Dots never disappoints! 9/26Always great food. Remodel is nice. Great breakfast, great pancakes, bacon cooked just right, and BUTTER IN A SQUEEZE BOTTLE! 
Their club sandwich is very good, and a favorite late night snack...meal. 
Wonderful milk shakes, friendly service and to-go orders are common. Also, waitr is available to deliver your order to Ocshner & you can skip the cafeteria food for a meal.Food is pretty good for the price and comes in huge amounts, i had a chicken sandwich which was pretty good and tasty; service was quick and the staff is very kind.CHERYL. She loves her job. Shes a human being in a world full of animals . So kind, She treats every guest like family. This was my first time in New Orleans and when my flight got delayed back home to Connecticut I yearned for a hot and tasty breakfast and she hooked me right up. She recommended the Creole Biscuit & it was deeelicious.Food was very tasty. The chef made my husband a huge bacon and egg sandwich. The sandwich was so big, my hubby had to eat it in sections.Very, very good. So very pleased with this place. Food was very filling and cheap. We were seated quickly and waited on immediately. There was plenty of staff working to make sure all the customers were taken care of in a timely manner. The space is a little tight but it makes for an authentic diner atmosphere.Just what you would expect from a local diner. The food is good, service is very friendly and fast, and there's plenty of 'regulars' that eat here. The New Orleans omelet and the spinach/bacon omelet are both very flavorful and fresh tasting. I would definitely recommend.Best bang for your buck in the Big Easy!!
The service is outstanding, never had to ask for a refill for anything! Super friendly staff as well! I know where I'll be eating every time I'm in New Orleans!A great breakfast! We had a ton of fun, and the service was good. Our waitress made the experience. The grits could have been better, but overall good.service was great and food was good as well we got the dots breakfast and I believe the creole or seafood omelette which was good not spicy though but decent.Breakfast is always good at Dot's Diner. In a very casual atmosphere Krystal will take excellent care of you, she and Dot's team of waitresses are always on the floor making sure your coffee cup is full & that you have everything you need for your meal. If you're a late night diner they also serve Bud light to go with your club sandwich or Philly cheese. They never fail to deliver a pleasant experience at this Dot's!We loive it here! Carleigh and Rebecca are 2 of the reasons why we keep coming back.  We come at least once a week and they make us feel at home.Good food and quick service. Walked in at 12:20 in the morning and the place was pretty busy. Just one waitress and one cook. Got my food and was out the door in 20 min. Breakfast was a large portion and fresh. Would come back again.This is the best Dot's in town.  
The food is usually best on weekends and before 3pm. After that, there is a shift change and the food comes out slower and less consistent.  
Mrs. Karen is the nicest waitress there but they can all sometimes seem to not be in the mood.  I understand, its a hard job and they do it well 90% of the time.  Treat them kind and they will treat you kind (mostly).  
I think the name of the head Dot or "Mrs. Dot" as I call her is Mrs. Catherine, she is the boss, she has her glasses around her neck or on the edge of her nose most of the time.  The shorter woman, whose name I never get, with the marilyn monroe piercing is #2 boss.  They talk crap on everyone but they are the bosses of this greasy spoon so respect them and get on their good side or else you might get put on the "no coffee refills" list where you get ignored and they all make frowny faces at you whenever eye contact is met.
I recommend the Big Dot with eggs over easy, extra hash, no grits and onions added to the hash. They usually get it right.
My gf gets the creole queen and likes it a lot, the creole queen sauce makes it. The biscuits are good too.   
I see many people get the burgers too.
Its always funny to see the waitresses in front watching those who enter while puffing a cig or vape.  I usually say hi and smile.  
Life is as hard as you make it.
Recommend for the food, the employees and the clientele, good for people watching which is what makes NOLA tick, the characters.  Not many diners left in town these days, this one is the most consistent and easiest to park and get seated quickly.It's so good! I love breakfast any time of the day, so this place is perfect. I ordered the country breakfast with chocolate milk. Amazing. Luckily they don't have one near my house or I'd gain way too much weight. LolWe love this dots diner location. It is one of our fave weekend breakfast spot.  The wait staff is usually the same and they have become part of the family and love our kids (which is a plus since there are 3!!!) the kids love a beignet stix appetizer and always clean their plates!!!!Okay, it's a diner. Don't expect fine food. That said, it was a good example of the type. 24/7, breakfast always available.
Service was super friendly. Place was clean and trying for that retro look. I got the feeling this was a lot more of a local place than a tourist joint. Which is nice. Many of the French Quarter restaurants claim to be local places but you rarely see locals there except for special occasions. Too expensive, for one thing, even though usually good. This was one of the few meals we had that didn't run $100+. 
I had the bacon cheeseburger. Good burger. Son 1 had a really good chicken fried steak slider. Son 2 had an excellent BLT. Wife had a good club sandwich. Simple stuff maybe, but done well. And that was exactly what we wanted.Have been in town for work the last 8 days and we have eaten breakfast here the last 6.  Food is excellent.... Staff is Awesome and Mrs Connie is an excellent cook even getting our meals started when we walk in the door.  Being away from home for so long is hard but seeing their smiling faces every morning was like being at home with extended family.  Thank your for the hospitality and we will definitely be back!Only reason I give 4 stars because the portions are just too much. But overall, great food and some of the servers are friendly. I eat here occasionally and never been dissapointed. Convinient and they have a variety of food beside breakfest. I've eaten the fries and the shrimp po boys and they are worth it!Great service, they were quick & friendly. We had a party of 6 and they got us seated almost immediately. Highly recommend the chicken & wafflesits like going to yo mama n nems house for breakfast ;) 
super casual but the food and service is good. Grits are bland but you can doctor them up yourself and I would skip the hashbrowns(tried them 3 times)   other than those 2 items everything else is delicious and super cheap!Damn you Crabby Jacks for being closed today! Damn you to hell!
Instead of a duck po-boy, we ended up stopping at the first place we found after finding out Crabby Jack's was closed for a vacation (Bastage).
Sadly, that place was Dot's. Where the waitresses don't wash their hands after coming in from a smoke, the tables still have the food from the previous diner all over them and the sodium content in the food would kill a snail on the spot.
Knowing that the New Orleans area has some of the best places to get roast beef, I opted for the open face roast beef with mashed potatoes and salad.
The salad was in a little bowl, giant chunks of lettuce too big to mix the thimbleful of dressing into (The dressing was about a teaspoon of dressing surrounding a giant piece of green *I mean blue* cheese).
I'm willing to bet the potatoes and gravy are both from a can, box mix or jar. Horrible. The gravy was salty. I mean Dead Sea salty as was the roast beast (no type). The closest thing I can compare it to would be using beef jerky made with Steak-ups. It was hard and chewy and remarkably springy...like over-cooked calamari or accidentally chewing a condom , and of course, salted to within an inch of my life.
I took about 4 bites before the salt content built up too much in my mouth that I couldn't push anything past my puckered lips.
My girly wanted me to point out that in her defense, the waitress took my food(?) off the bill without being asked. Personally, I think she was waaaay too used to having to do that to even HAVE to ask.
Somewhere up there, Vic Tayback (Mel from Alice) is having a good chuckle. Well kiss my grits Dot...and YOU TOO Mel.Good breakfast food with huge portions.  Service was attentive.  First time, but it will not be my last.Such a sweet place - like a little family - Gloria at diner no 6 is the best - I sat at the counter and had an omletFood was ok everything was good. But all the weighters none not even one asked if everything was ok the person that served us never even had the gall to check with n us and that SUCKSHad a great breakfast served by a very friendly staff that did everything to make our visit pleasant.... thank you Dot and staff for the great start to our day.Butter in a squeeze bottle! So convenient! This place is a delicious greasy spoon.  They have everything when it comes to sandwiches, burgers and breakfast. The bacon is perfection, I had to order another round because it made me sad when I finished them all. I was really tempted to order even more bacon after the second round because it was that good! Along with my pancakes, I also tried the chocolate banana milkshake which was phenomenal! It had chunks of real banana in it. It was so good my friend forced me to share it with her. No iced coffee except for hot coffee poured over ice. The spoon they gave me to mix milk in my to-go cup of coffee had some food crusty bits on it but thankfully I didn't really need to use it. You also walk up and pay in the back. Good food at an affordable price. The restaurant was busy on this Saturday morning but the two of us  did not have to wait and it wasn't overcrowded. Totally want to come back and try a burger late night.Was in the mood for a club sandwich .Excellent service, that great food. Crystal was the best.We have been here twice... it's walking distance from the hospital. The staff s amazing. Carley is funny, outgoing and even though she had no clue why we were at the hospital she made our terrible situation better. The food and atmosphere was great!! Thank you so much!!All around AWFUL experience. Waited over an hour for EGGS. Couldn't get a refill without asking and our server was more concerned about smoking a cigarette than us. VERY DISAPPOINTED. Wish I could leave zero starsFood was good I had veggie omelet.  The service was good and was a nice little restaurantMy quest to eat at every Dot's location is now complete. If you're looking for a classic diner with good, reasonably priced, food find yourself any of Dot's five locations.
In case you were not aware, I am a ridiculous human being. A while back one of my co-workers suggested we get breakfast for lunch and that Dot's is where we should go. We went, and it was great. That is when we decided we should visit every location and see which is the best. 
This location is probably the largest Dot's and it is located across the street from Ochsner's main campus. It also appears to be the newest location. So it's new and across from one of the biggest hospitals in the area. That must mean it is jam packed right? Sort of.
We ended up here one day right around 11:00 a.m. While it was busy, it was not packed. As we finished our meal it started getting more crowded and had a wait. Moral of the story? Get there at 11:00.
Service was friendly, but not as personal as some other locations. I attributed this to how much larger and busier this location was. The food was classic breakfast fare. The eggs were cooked perfectly as were the meats. Dot's definitely knows how to make a solid breakfast.
So where does this rate for me in comparison to the other four Dot's? I'd say this is #3.The food is good diner food, but service is extremely slow. This is diner food...should be a decent turn around not more than an 45 minutes for a pancake.As I have said before, I am not much of a breakfast guy, but when it is the weekend and the lady wants to go try a new spot, you do what you are told sometimes. Thankfully, my lady is awesome and knows the best places to try. That my friends, is why I am writing about Dots Diner. 
If you listen to the radio on your drive into work in New Orleans, you have heard the commercials. Ole Dot letting you know to come on in and enjoy yourself. It is everything you can think of from that commercial and more!
The food is amazing! I ordered the chicken and Waffles, which did not come together, (I was not mad at all at this by the way!), a grilled biscuit, and some bacon. It was a perfect meal to have on a Saturday and I will continue to get this. The waffle was fluffy, the chicken was that perfect crisp you deserve, and that biscuit was superb. 
The place can get busy quickly, but if you get there at about 9 ish, you should be good to go. I am glad to be close to this place. I plan on coming more!This place has a home town feel.  The waitresses were friendly and down to earth.  The food was fresh and tasted good.  Basically it's what you would expect for a southern diner. There is free wifi, TVs playing, and they also have a casino area for your entertainment.Food was simple but good, exactly what we were looking for. Best part of our lunch was Stephanie and hearing her laugh. We will be back again because of the service. THANKS,  StephanieI frequent there getting the same thing. I ordered my sandwich the same way every time. The waitress was stumped by me asking to remove the lettuce and add cheese. Repeated to her several times. My order comes out and I bring it home to find a hot mess in my box. Cheese was put on afterwards, melted into the box, sandwich tossed everywhere, bread is not hardly toasted but just white bread. I called down there telling them what was going on. The lady on the phone told me I could come back and they will give me another one.  I told her no I just worked a long shift. I told her she could take my name and I will get another one when I come in. She laughed and said I'm being demanding. I told her I come there a lot so I feel they could compensate my plate. She said I was being demanding. I told her that's okay I won't bother to bring my money there again. I had to piece my sandwich together like a puzzle.Ate there once, years ago & hated it.  Tried again recently & loved it!!!  Delicious breakfast, with generous portions, great service & very reasonable prices.  Will definitely go again!!