I order from here almost every night while at work. I love that they are open late and deliver. I always get exactly what I ask for and how I expect it to be cooked. The only negative is that delivery can take a long time and they often run out of food. But I guess that can be expected with such a popular restaurant.The service was terrible. They didn't come back to the table to check if everything was OK or refill drinks. The food was just ok.Odd experience by my husband. He doesn't drink but needed a snack while I was shopping Magazine. First server who turned out to be the bartender approached him cautiously (promise he's not creepy looking!) and rather unwelcoming as if unnerved by a middle-aged man in a polo shirt & khaki shorts dining alone at 2:00 pm in an otherwise almost empty bar & grill...ok...luckily another friendly server took over. He ordered only a $9 quesadilla appetizer with water, which he found tasty & priced right. The reason for writing is that the competent server even felt the need to put him on notice there is "usually a $10 minimum" and "wanted him to know in case the manager said anything". Did I mention it was 2:00pm and almost empty? What on earth would be the point of having a minimum if there's not a wait for seating or entertainment? Maybe that's how they keep out "vagrants" who just need to eat after visiting a nearby community health center but seriously?! Just hope someone reviewing the server's guestchecks doesn't reprimand her for breaking the rules. (Eyeroll)We stayed right near here, wandered in on a whim and basically never left. $5 pitchers of PBR, adequate but mediocre bar food, super friendly staff. Huge patio. It is lovelyWe had a groupon for this place, so we figured we might as well check it out.  So glad we did.  The server was so friendly and helpful and seemed very excited to do his job.  We ordered the jalapeno poppers for an appetizer. They were good but nothing out of the ordinary.  I ordered the Bison burger with fries. Burger excellet, fries good.  The burger was cooked perfectly to what I ordered.  My husband had the Five Napkin Burger and Onion Rings. He said the burger was one of the best, maybe the best, he has had in New Orleans, and it's big enough for about 3 meals. The Onion Rings were really good, better than the fries in my opinion, but my husband seemed to like both equally.  We would both recommend this place and plan to go back!First time in New Orleans and found a Groupon for here. It seemed like the perfect neighborhood bar, nothing fancy but if I were a local, it would be exactly what I wanted within walking distance. Service was lacking, even though they weren't busy. But the food was good - we got the catfish po boy and a Ceasar salad and both were delicious. If you want to break away from the touristy areas, this is a good choice.I should have written a review my last time there and it would have been 5 Stars. This time though the waiter made it lose a star. He seemed to be bothered that he had to work. Made me feel like we were bothering him by being there. 
The food and atmosphere is goodafter getting food poisoning twice, I think I will just steer clear of this joint.This is a nice locals place worth a stop if you're hanging out on this end of Magazine Street. The menu is pretty standard bar fare with a nice homemade burger. A decent craft beer selection on top and they make a nice bloody mary. Friendly people and staff. You could do a lot worse if you're looking for a nice place to take a break and have a drink.I've been here several times over the past few years and it is really hit or miss. Lately it's been more of a miss and I don't think it's worth coming here anymore. Tonight I ordered delivery and was very disappointed. I ordered a chicken parmesan sandwich with onion rings and extra marinara sauce. The bread was pretty stale. I received fries and for some reason a side of spicy mustard (wtf?) but was still charged for the onion rings and extra marinara sauce that I did not get. By the time it was delivered it was past their closing time so I couldn't get my onion rings. This is not the first time something like this has happened. Apparently nobody bothers to check the food before delivery to make sure it was made correctly. I don't see a reason to ever order from here again. I'll order from Half Moon instead.So when I ordered there to deliver, I got a man on the phone who spoke very loud and very fast. He honestly made me stressed out. I decided to order their Asian burger, and it was very very VERY average. Nothing special to it. It tasted exactly like a regular burger, with absolutely no Asian spices or flavors. Very sad. Very bland tasting overall. 
Wanting to give them another chance, I called them again about a week later to order. I got the same man on the phone as I had gotten last time, although he was even more unpleasant this time around. He put me on hold for 10 MINUTES before HANGING UP ON ME. Literally 10 minutes. I called again, he picked up and asked what I wanted. I told him i would like an order delivered and he said "deliveries don't start until 630, honey" before hanging up on me. It was 6:25. NEVER ORDERING FROM HERE AGAIN.I was staying in the area so decided to bicycle over to DTH.  I got the Shrimp Po Boy. Overall it was a good, tasty Po Boy. Now if you never had a Po Boy I would not recommend getting one here, simply for the fact that the sub roll, not baguette, that they use is more of a 5 grain bread type...  The price for the amount of shrimp offered is a little high, but not excessively. Once again I did enjoy it.  The fries were good. They are soft, not crispy, as it seems everywhere in Nola.
Though I didnt get the Onion Rings, I did see them, and they look fantastic! I should have gotten them.I ordered the Cuban it was very dry and tasted like lunch meat on stale bread. We also ordered the buffalo wings which were soggy and tasted like the ones from Domino's. Worst meal I've had in recent memory.Oyster Po' boy was amazing. Great scene, friendly locals. Try the hurricane on a hot day.Visited down the hatch in October as I had bought a Groupon for my vacation to New Orleans.
I knew going in that this place did have some very mixed reviews but hoped for the best.
Unfortunately this was my first Po-Boy I had in New Orleans and so glad it wasn't my last.
I ordered the roast beef po-boy which was not good.  The bread although meant to be toasted was almost dehydrated and I honestly believe the roast beef came from a can.  It was very soupy and tasteless.  The fries were also very bland and luke-warm at best.  The service was  meh as we sat there at least 10 minutes before we were noticed.  Gave two stars as it is a fun environment and probably great for game nights.   Beer and games yes, food and service no.Great little breakfast gem in Garden District. We were looking for a low key brunch place and Down the Hatch although it looked a bit divy had a great menu and friendly faces. We started with some stiff spicy Bloody Mary's and coffee and then I had the Cajun shrimp omelette which was rich, full of flavor a big serving accompanied with roasted potatoes. The omelette was filled with shrimp, cheese and Cajun spices and the potatoes had onion and red peppers. Not too greasy, plentiful and delicious accompanied by super friendly serviceExpensive and dirty bar food. But hey, they deliver.We are in New Orleans for the first time. We got in late. Down the hatch was open till 2:00 AM! This place has a great atmosphere and freaking amazing food! I had an alligator sausage po'boy and a Long Island. My wife had a chicken sandwich. Best chicken EVER! It was so freaking good I ate everything and didn't even consider a picture! Lol (sorry not sorry) if you are local or just visiting this place is worth checking out.Basic mainstream pub. The food was ok when it finally arrived, but bad pounding hard rock from the 80s was hard to listen to.Friendly staff. Free WiFi. Good drink. Those three ingredients make me one happy man.Stopped in for lunch the other day, and gotta say I'm a fan.  Definitely a neighborhood joint feel (plus a bit of dive bar when the tables aren't crowded) but there's a decent amount of seating, the place is clean, and there is apparently a large patio out back which I presume gets more use in the evenings.  Pretty good beer list, everything you need for a good cocktail, and the bar food menu seems to be mostly scratch made.  And what bar has schwarma and gyros?  I went with a burger on my first visit and it was a large hand-made burger cooked perfectly medium and very good.  Fries were also quite good and nicely seasoned with a bit of heat too.
If you're looking for a friendly bar & restaurant with solid scratch made bar food this may be your place.  There are a couple other local/dive bars in the vicinity but for me this wins on atmosphere, drinks, and food.  Not fancy, but very well done.I dig places that welcome my dog so that's a good starting point- dog is welcomed, offered water, and loved on. He absolutely adores this place. I like it a lot too. 
We've been here a couple times now and will definitely go back again. The food is a good step above typical bar fare. Their menu has all the bar food classics, but it's not limited to that- they have a pretty good selection of different items. I've had the pulled pork and the chicken tenders and both were much better than expected. The drinks are just peachy and everything is very reasonably priced. The staff has always been attentive (even when I've been outside with the dog) and good at their jobs.Went here to lunch with 2 co-workers.  Right when I first walked in it smelled like bleach/incense.  It is kind of dingy, but I guess because it is a bar/grill.  We all got burgers.  My burger was perfectly medium cooked, juicy and a great size.  Not sure if I'd go back.Who dat burger is good, loved the sauteed mushrooms took my burger to amazing ! Sweet potatoe fries were a tad bit over cooked but edible....I order from here at least once per week & the food is consistently good each time-fresh, not greasy & very tasty.  DTH front staff is attentive & friendly no matter how busy & always make a great drink while I am waiting for my order--love them!I went here with two buddies. Only one other table in at the time. We sat right next to them. 15 minutes later and no one has even acknowledged our existence. A waitress who hardly looked busy kept walking past. The prick of a bartender never stopped bull shitting with his one customer to ask if we wanted to look at a menu. We walked out and headed to half moon. Now when I am hungry for bar food, I walk right on by this place. I wanted to love it because it's so close to my house. There is no way I am going to spend my money at a place that accepts this behavior from staff. Fucking pathetic.The food here has changed as well as the bartenders. I used to go here because it was close to my house, they have an awesome back patio, and I used to know the locals that went there and the food was pretty tip top. The last thing I order was for delivery, it was one of their wraps and it was missing things in it and it was smaller, it was ok, something inside of it was more crunchy or a little well done than I was used to but it was fine. It is still good American food.Great selection of local micro brews.  Wonderful bartender Lynne!And one of the best, biggest burgers I've had at any burger "joint"!  The Down the Hatch burger was delicious.  The thin cut onion rings were light and delicious!  Sweet potato fries were cooked to perfection.  If you are looking for a great burger and beer pub, this is the place. A new NOLA favorite!This place is in my regular rotation. The bartenders are all super friendly and chill. If you do something to piss them off chances are you're just a complete d bag anyway. The food here is always great. It's bar food but it's a step above bar food and doesn't leave you hating yourself or your wallet, very reasonably priced. They deliver and they are open late (3am I believe)Nice place but a half-hour wait on a medium burger with an empty house?! The cook's gotta be taking naps on the job...One of my go-to's for bars despite my favorite bartender moving back home to Massachusetts. They've got food and reasonably priced drinks...although you can get cheaper drinks other places, this place still gets my business. Staff is pretty cool and service is pretty decent. They've got a patio you can enjoy as well.I too, came here during a Saints game, when we lost to the 49'ers.  I order a blue cheese burger and fries, which were pretty good. It was loaded! However the service was terrible. Only one bartender and one waitress. The place was packed. i was sitting at the bar, too.  I felt bad, but wow...My kids are picky; they both ordered the burgers with fries and both were pleased.  We ordered 2 servings of the spinach dip which was good, but a lil pricey for the portion size.  The Hells Wings were ok, nothing special.  The waiter was great; he worked the bar and waited tables by himself, he didn't complain but I'm sure he would have been much happier if he had some help.  Nice pub style setting.  We will be back again!Not bad.  But there are quite a few better choices in this neighborhood. The service  is awful.  The food is good, but not worth the wait. If you are a hipster who feels you need to Instagram your drink. This is the place for you.GREAT Service!
Recently moved to the Irish Channel and was looking for some late night yummies. Down the Hatch delivered! I actually ordered pick up and got the Sante Fe Wrap, my roommate the Asian Burger, both so good! 
The service was the best, friendly and attentive on phone, super helpful in person, even added extra condiments. 
Really awesome for late night munchies=)Fun as a venue for a group because they have a great outdoor patio with a bar in the back. There are also fairly decent drink deals for groups.
I didn't try the food, but it seems worth coming back. It's a super casual spot in a comfortable, divey sense.Service was great and that is refreshing near the Lower Garden. The bloody Mary's were AWESOME and they use their own infused vodka that gave it so much flavor. I also like their on Tap selection, not a ton of beers but a good selection with range for any taste. They also had Abita Blueberry on Tap, yes please! Food is great for a bar setting and they do not skimp. TBH I would go back just for the friendly chatter!Bad service , food was slow and they messed up the order .. Appetizers came after meal .... Good was pretty good. But overall bad service and experienceWorst service of any restaurant I've been to in my entire life. Not even close.
Took an hour and 20 min for food with no apology. We had six people and one person got wings in 30 min then the rest of us sat there wondering if food would ever arrive. After an hour ten minutes more food came and myself and one other person were informed that they were out of what we ordered (hummus) 
To top of off the waitress brought all of our food on one check and said we should just split it to make it easier. Even though everyone had vastly different bills. When we said we'd rather pay for what we each ordered she gave us major attitude but finally consented.
Just an all around awful experience.The food is pretty good and the black bartender is even better. recommend this to anyone that is in New Orleans.Just ate here for lunch. Ordered a burger, and sandwich and a wrap. I have never waited so long for food. It took an hour to get the food, which was mediocre at best. The place was not busy. Several people left fed up with the service. I will not go back here.We stopped-in for an après parade snack last evening, after a six or eight month absence.
Food: cheeseburger, O-rings, 'tater skins, coldbeer were all better than last time.  
Slow service, large partying crowd, inexpensive, convenient. . . . . . . 
Bottom line is that DTH is now back on our once-in-a-while list.
All better, now !
RickHOLY CHEESE FRIES. 
If that's your bar food of choice, this place is great. Can't say much else about the other food items, but these were great enough for me to log onto yelp and talk about them. 
Nice to see that they also deliver?!As a place to have drinks and watch a game?  Maybe.  As a place to also eat?  I think not.  Came to watch the New Orleans vs Panthers game today.  Ordered a hamburger during First Quarter of the game.  Fast forward to beginning of Fourth Quarter and three "Uh... just checking on our food?" prompts later and the food finally arrives.  Wait staff were friendly enough but guess they're dealing with like one poor cook in the kitchen who's trying to handle a game crowd all by himself.  
The hamburger and fries were decent, but not worth a 1.5 hour wait.  Guess we'll head to Tracey's next game.One of my favorite places to relax and grab a beer! The chicken tenders is on point as well. 
I like the back patio area for the day time and the bartenders are as nice as you get for a bartender. I don't like them overly nice... It just don't feel right. I like a little rough around the edges.NEVER ORDER DELIVERY FROM THIS PLACE! First off, they charged my debit card twice for the same (overpriced) meal. Ive called about 4 different times about this and they tell me that it wasn't their fault and that my bank should credit it back in a few days. But the money has yet to be credited back to my account. I feel like they did this to scam me out of 60 dollars, thinking I wouldn't investigate further and try and get my money back. Secondly, there food is TERRIBLE and not worth the money! I got the nachos and the cheese fries and they tasted so bad, did not come with the extra toppings I paid for, and were cold. This place has awful service AND food.This was my goto weekend meal for the last month, but appears I need to start looking elsewhere.   My last order, the burger was drastically under cooked, the bacon was  unedible and the meal had chunks of egg shells in it.  All my previous burgers where perfect and this was the only order with any issues.  Since I've only had the one problem I could over look it, but I just tried to place an order tonight and was told they where not  delivering food for another hour and would not take my order, despite yelp and  Grubhub indicating that they are delivering at the time of my call.   These last two incidents have definitely changed my opinion on what I once thought to be a great restaurant.   When the food is correct it's great, when they are busy you never know what you will get or if you will get anything at all.sweet potato fries and Texan burger were bomb! service was indifferent but I'll eat here againNothing really stood out for me about this place. I've only been here once with my kickball team though so I probably shouldn't be so quick to judge.
The only thing I liked was the courtyard. Other than that, it's just a regular bar. Like I said, nothing stands out. I would much rather go to Avenue Pub, Fat Harry's, or Bulldog to hang out with friends.Oredered the alligator sausage PO boy and it was very tasty. Service was really good and friendly.I'm not going to apologize for loving Down the Hatch, but I understand the mixed reviews. They've gone through multiple chefs, staff and menu changes since opening. However, my general impression has always been a very positive one. The burgers are thick, angus beef with soft buns served with battered fries or onion rings. They are generally very, very good.  They also have sandwiches on the menu, including a very good Reuben.   
My latest kick is their buffalo wings, which are second to none in the city.  I also enjoy their quesodillas, which are served with chicken, pork, shrimp or beef. It's simply a great place for bar food, and the drink prices (particularly with their specials) are decidedly on the low side. They have $1 PBRs on draft until 8 p.m., which is unbeatable if you're looking for cheap beer. 
The downside is that they are inconsistent at times.  For a while they had a lousy supplier to wings who couldn't make proper cuts (leaving protruding bones and not enough meat on some wings).  Sometimes, I've noted, the chef will cook a "medium" or "medium-well" burger to a charcoal briquette.  They use good beef, so it's disappointing to get a dry burger every now and then. 
The service I've experienced there has been consistently good (including prompt delivery), but they have had some turnover so that appears to be a "your mileage will vary" issue.  Overall, despite some shortcomings, Down the Hatch is the definitely the best tavern in the Lower Garden District.  I definitely recommend them, particularly if you're on a budget and just looking for a quick beer and some grub.I'm debating how to review Down The Hatch. The food was good, the atmosphere was nice, but I'm still itching from the absurd number of mosquitoes who decided to enter the building and feast upon my toes.
Really, I can't hold the mosquito thing against them. It adds to the atmosphere that they leave the door open (and it's functional, seeing as they have a patio).
I'll get back to the food, whilst scratching my feet. Tip: Don't wear flip flops.
I purchased a Groupon, which gave me a reason to make the drive from the Westbank to visit Down the Hatch. Plus, it was a baby-free night and I wanted a good drink. This is exactly what I got. I can't remember what it was, but it was a very potent tea/lemon thing with a strange name. It was the special, and it was good.
We then enjoyed some nachos as an appetizer. They weren't spectacular, but were quite good.
The burgers were awesome. I can't remember what Daniel ordered, as I was much too busy enjoying my own. I had the Asian Cajun. While it was a little salty (I think it was the bacon + soy ginger sauce combination), the flavor was interestingly delicious. The burger was cooked perfectly, too. I had mine with a side salad, not expecting much more than "salad from a bag" and some dressing, but was pleasantly surprised that it had a variety of lettuce, fresh mushrooms, tomato, and cucumber. Yum.
I would definitely return if another Groupon pops up, or if I happen to be in the area and craving a burger.Great place to watch the Saints and Seahawks! Indoor and outdoor seating with a back bar.Update, I've given Down the Hatch several tries since and after requesting that they sort sandwiches and fries into separate containers, everything has been fine. I would recommend them for a late night lazy burger
Delivery Review: Asked for a burger poboy and the WERE nice enough to make that happen for us. That said, the veggies were under the sandwich and wilted, the fries were wet and soggy and the bread was tough and chewie. The upside: Delivery was only 10 minutes late. The potential forgiveness point: we are on the outside of their delivery rangeThe food is really good. Our favorite app is the BBQ nachos, they are loaded with pulled pork & goodness!! Sandwiches are so good, we had the patty melt, chicken parm sandwich & the Texas burger!!!I've lived down the street from DTH since I've moved to NOLA, and it's a great little neighborhood bar, with greasy, stick to your bones food. They've got a great back patio (where they allow dogs!). My only issue with it seems to be that the back patio is somehow a breeding ground for mosquitos. Now, I'm born and raised in the South, and know the mosquitos down here are a whole different breed.. and I have sweet blood, so I'm used to getting bit.  BUT, this was a whole different story. Swarmed.  Which makes it pretty miserable.
But the food is your standard burgers and sandwiches.. nothing fancy, but it's done right. And the staff is really friendly. Also, $1 PBRs and $4 bloodies during happy hour (daily). I haven't had their bloody maries yet, but I'm sure they're great. Plus a great on tap selection.
It's nice to have them as an option in the neighborhood.Beware. 52 dollars and no food. I ordered food  while at a hospital.  IAFTER 2 and half hours of waiting we were discharged from the hospital and  I called to cancel my order.  .  I was told that it would be no delivery and that a refund on my card would be issued.  For the past two weeks I have been given the run around and several promises of a refund.  Today 4-6-2014 I am told that the owner does not feel my reason for refusing the very late food is reason to issue a refund.   I did not get any food and my 52 dollars was taken.  NEVER ORDER TAKE OUT FROM here.  If your food is hours late you will be billed.  WARN ALL HUNGRY PEOPLE NOT TO ORDER FROM HERE.Hello home of the $2 well!  I love the vibe,  the bartenders are sweeties and the drinks are strong.  I had the chicken tender basket and my honey had the pulled pork,  they were cool,  nothing to write home about but the drinks are definitely good.  Probably won't go hungry but definitely will visit again to get a buzz!I think the A-OK rating captures Down the Hatch perfectly. I've literally passed by the place multiple times, and it hadn't registered on my radar until being informed of their amazing game day special. I don't want to activate any hipster alerts, but I love me some $1 PBR. 
Although you would never expect it, Down the Hatch has a rather large back patio. I asked if they were dog friendly, and we have a winner! It's a little awkward to access the back patio with pupster because you have to walk through the front bar. I was peaking my head around multiple times to see if there was some sort of back entrance. None found, so I just moseyed on through. Although dog shenanigans don't bother me, if you know anyone with some sort of dog aversion/allergies this set up may bother them. 
Otherwise the back patio was great and not at all crowded for the game. They even had cool patio cushioned chairs to sit in, which were very cozy. So, we have beer, check! Game, check! What's next? Wings!!! I really love the wings here.... big, crispy and spicy (although I'm sure the sauce is a standard buffalo, franks maybe?). I would love to see more flavors on the menu since they do them so perfectly. That being said some of the other appetizers I had were not as amazing. I unfortunately was not a huge fan of the chicken nachos, as they were made with the movie theater style nacho cheese, and for the $11 price tag I was expecting some more shredded cheddar. Also, the cheese fries are made in a similar manner with the same nacho cheese, but these at least had the shredded variety as well. Anyways not to berate their cheese selection or to appear like a cheese snob with my $1 PBR, I would suggest sticking with the wings..... another round bar keep!
Some other cool details about the place is they do have a back bar, which is very convenient for PBR refills, however, they make some of their mixed drinks at the front. For example, my Bloody Mary starters was made at the front, and then brought to the table. Their bloodies are good, and upon ordering a second round I learned they had vegetable infused vodka, cool let's give that a shot! I liked it, but I'm still on the fence on the $1.50 upcharge (that's a PBR and a 1/2!). Another funny/silly detail about the game day special is if you order a coke it's $2. Beer is cheaper than soda!?! Either way having said $1 and PBR enough times to sound like a cheapo, I admit that sometimes I am, but that doesn't mean you can't be too! Down the Hatch I will be back, with friends.Good wings & burgers and beer, but the middle eastern dishes are shitty. I'm middle eastern and they need to just take those dishes off the menu. Their menu is kinda all over the place (American bar foods, Mexican-ish food & what they thought was middle eastern food lol) I say stick to the typical burgers, wings, & dips.By far the worst burgers I have ever had. My husband and I ordered two burgers with UberEATS today. Both were charred and burnt to a crisp. The patties were about a third the size of the buns. He ordered sweet potato fries but got regular fries. Everything we had was so terrible. I couldn't even eat my burnt beef "burger". If we were in the restaurant we would have sent both back. Total waste of money. If there were stars less than one I would have rated this meal that much.DTH, a neighborhood favorite, is having serious kitchen troubles, again.
Our last three cheeseburgers were, terrible, awful, & barely passable.
We are saddened by this, as we like the place.
So, you have been warned.  We'll check it out every 3 or 4 weeks and will report back any improvement.
Meanwhile, our 'hood still suffers from NO GOOD CHEESEBURGERS.  
Until further notice, cheeseburgers at Houston's, St. Charles @ Felicity, or New Orleans Hamburger & Seafood Co. further out St. Charles, are better.  Charcoal's, Magazine @
Jackson is OK, too.
RickGood little place! Needed an after 10pm meal and wandered in there. Good clean atmosphere. Waitress/bartender did really well up until the end when the bar got fuller. Strongly suggest the Texan burger. Very messy but very good.So we ordered delivery just to test out their fare.  Man, that was a seriously bad idea.  We ordered wings, a Tex burger, and jalapeno poppers, and should have just stuck with the poppers.  They were actually decent, however, my wings were still flapping for escape they were so uncooked.  My friend said her burger was a giant grease ball, but I'll take indigestion over total food poisoning any day.  Maybe we caught them on a bad day (or chef), but I've definitely seen better fare.Unfortunately this place has gone down hill very much. The food used to be decent as well as the bar. This was my last visit here. Especially now with Munch next door offering better food and service. The atmosphere at Half Moon and Garden district pub are also a better option if you're looking to just grab a drink.Went to watch the Saints-Seahawks divisional game with some friends. ;(  
It was semi crowded as I'm sure all bars were because of the game so we ended up standing in the main room.
The front bar only had two bartenders and they were the SLOWEST bartenders I've ever seen.  This is a day when the business could make a lot of money, instead the main room was only staffed with two people that were moving slower than a US Postal Service employee.  It would take over 10 minutes standing at a not so crowded bar to get a round or drinks.  Closing out a tab took over 20 minutes.
There was a guy standing next to us watching the game.  It turns out he is the owner.  Instead of helping behind the bar and keeping customers happy, he was watching the game...
There was a Coors Light promo team that showed up to the bar but almost had to leave because the bar didn't have any Coors Light.  On Saints playoff game day...  They ended up sampling Miller Lite instead.
I haven't had their food and there was a backyard which was showing the game and had a bar but I never made it out back.  I guess I would return on a normal night but this definitely is not a good place to watch a game because of slow service.This is a solid neighborhood bar! Anytime of day passing the bar, there are always a few guys sitting outside with a dog who greet you. (Both the dog and the men)
I'm not sure if people come for the food, drinks, courtyard, or TV's, prob a combination of all of the above. The wings, first off are top notch! They are pretty huge, always cooked to perfection and slathered with tasty sauces. The burgers are great, but if you want them cooked well done, be sure to tell them! 
But I must say, I was a bit underwhelmed when I ordered a shrimp po boy from them. I called to see if they offer half and half because I couldn't commit to shrimp or oysters. Unfortunately they do not offer half and half. :/ I asked how many inches the poboys were and the bartender told me 12". Generally when restaurants offer 12" sandwiches, you can get them customized, but whatevs. I ended up getting the shrimp po boy to go. Once I picked up my order, the fries and sandwich were in a styrofoam to go container. I opened it to double check everything was included, and sure enough it was. My po boy was not 12", but closer to 8". Smh, just like a man to not know. The poboy itself was underfilled with shrimp, but a po boy none the less that filled my belly. 
I'm a huge fan of their Wednesday night Trivia night, which happens around 7:30 ish weekly. The prizes are generally bar tabs, which is the real reason you play, amIright? The bar has no drink menu or speciality drinks, but they can basically make anything you want.
I experienced an issue with a charge on my card, and thought it would be this really long, drawn out process with me speaking to several different managers and contacting my bank, but the manager was really kind and hassle free about the issue, which made me want to continue coming here. 
The atmosphere is fun and cozy, like a neighborhood dive bar, with really great food. It's definitely one of my faves in the city!Solid sports bar in an area where there's not many sports bars with good food/drink options at a great price. Here on a Saturday with $5 pitchers (of Rolling Rock, but still), and got a Philly cheese which was pretty good. Great drinks and cool bar tenders, if I got some food the next time I'd definitely go for a burger.Horrific customer service - very rude waitress...........after checking out Down The Hatch on the net, I decided that the place looked good with reasonable prices so I purchased a Group On Deal. That is where the compliments end. The waitress first said I couldn't get my order to go (This rule was not stated my Group On but oooooookay ) therefore I unpacked and ate my food inside. Then my bill was $17.00 out of the $20.00 on the Group On and that was a problem as well. Poor customer service!  I will never eat here again.Get the "Asian Cajun Burger".  It was a truly great burger!  Service was excellent.  Cool bartender, I was there on a Monday..The Down the Hatch burger is Jesus on a bun. 
All the rest of the food is good as well. Drinks are cheap and location is prime. Plenty of TV's and a nice court yard make it great for watching the game. Staff is for the most part friendly and always interesting. I lived uptown for a year and honestly this was my go to spot.$1 PBR pints
Awesome outdoor back patio with TV's. Best place to watch a game in the city.
Good food. Discount after 10pm for students
Staff remembers you and is friendly which is nice in this day and agePo Boy recipe is great here. If you find yourself in the garden district and want to spend time with more locals than tourists this is a great down to earth restaurant. I recommend sitting out on the patio, it has a nice at home backyard feel.My girlfriend and I wanted to catch a quick bite to eat, and I talked her into going here instead of Juan's, because I figured Juan's would be too busy.  I found out why this place was so slow.
The waitress, while friendly, was largely ambivalent to our needs.  We waited half an hour for a chicken sandwich and a roast beef po-boy, and we were the only table.  After I had inquired about how long it was going to be, the waitress said it was coming right out (it wasn't) and was more interested in making out in the hallway than finding out what the delay was on our food.  When our food FINALLY arrived, the chicken was burned.  At this point, we largely regarded the place as beyond redemption.  We ate our food, asked for our check (during which time the waitress took further opportunity to chat with her friends instead of serving us), and then left.  There was no point in complaining; she clearly didn't care.
Some cooks figure they get paid the same regardless of how well they do their jobs.  And some servers figure their purpose in life is to hang out with their friends and get paid for it.  Down The Hatch has the unique experience of employing both of these types.  This is the type of place where, if you're hungry and really out of options, and have no place else to go, you go home and heat up some Ramen noodles.  The only good thing I can say about this place is that the staff was friendly, which is why they get two stars instead of one.  Atrocious.  If they're not out of business within the year, then they're clearly using it as a money-laundering operation.I'm a little torn on my ranking for Down the Hatch. I came here for a Saints game last week and was pleasantly surprised. We sat sat on the back patio and had a great time. We arrived about 20 minutes before the game and there were still plenty of tables available for our viewing pleasure. During games they have $1 PBR drafts ($5 pitchers) and that was great for me and my cheap- ass friends to drink for the 4 hrs we were there. I started with some wings and they were really tasty! We continued to order food during the game, including pretty good hummus and delicious loaded nachos. With about 2 minutes ( and lingering hope) left in the game, I ordered a burger and onion rings to go for dinner. Jumping up and down from our last minute win, I grabbed my burger and settled up. 
Yay to the fairly cheap tab, boo to the burger. I ordered it Medium Well and it came out a soggy almost rare. I threw it on my grill at home to finish it up. Word to the crispy onion rings though. Overall a mixed experience, but I'd go back for a game. Hold the burger.Really enjoyed down the hatch. We went there as an after party for a wedding. We had probably 25 people there and the staff was great. They have a great patio in back that fit us all. Their cheese fries are the best drunk food. I would definitely throw some more back here.Food wasn't that bad.  The service was really spotty.  Waitress seemed to be having a rough night with customers.  I'd come here for the beer but probably not the food.I live just down the street, so I have come many times, for food or just drinks.  The burgers are great, cooked to order, and a good helping of seasoned fries to go along with it. Bartenders are very welcoming, and the beer selection is great, (though I tend to always go for a Canebrake). Outside patio is really nice with great mood lighting and big screen TVs. I am looking forward to watching some football games out there this season. This is one of the few places you can get late night food in NOLA, and what is even better is that they deliver!Good Bloody Mary. The drink is the focus, not the condiments.
Good solid burger.  Homemade taste which is hard to come across.  They didnt toast my bun which I was very happy about and it was a great bun.  
Bartender was cool and invents a lot of drinks for the bar.  They have a pretty crazy chocolate coffee vodka drink which seemed original for a bar.  
Good place overall.The food was sub-par and the service dreadfully slow.  Most of the staff is very rude, which makes it unbearable as a casual hangout.