i don't get how this place has really good reviews. based on the reviews, i came here awhile back to try it out and its tastes like the chinese you get in the mall. its just ok. wouldn't come back againChinese food in New Orleans is a sad thing. Mystery meat covered in goopy sauce and a few haphazardly tossed in veggies. Dragon King, from the outside, looks like it could be any other "meh" Chinese restaurant, but don't be fooled - this is the best Chinese you're gonna find in the city. Five Happiness can buzz off, because Dragon King is delicious and affordable. The General's chicken is moist, flavorful and bright. The hot & sour soup is the best I've had outside of New York. Lo Mein could use a little work, but I still prefer it over the other takeout joints scattered around the city. Our go-to meal is a quart of hot & sour soup to split, 2 veggie spring rolls, a pint of veggie fried rice and an order of the steamed dumplings, which are filled with a spicy pork meatball and paired with a sweet and tangy housemade dipping sauce. All this is $17. SEVENTEEN DOLLARS. And we walk away full on food that isn't even that bad for you.I am Asian myself and I have been to most of the Chinese places around New Orleans. Dragon King is the best value out of all the good ones.
Dragon King is great! I go there at least once a week. Service is super fast and food is cooked to order, ready within 5-10 minutes. Quantity is great, small portion is enough for dinner. The Low-Main is a must have, great flavor.
Catering is also at a very good price for a large quantity. 
If you are in a hurry, this is a sure bet for a great lunch in under 20 minutes!Perfect affordable Chinese place for families.  It's not fancy, but cozy and spotless, with cute decor-- entirely comfortable to eat there, with fresh food served on real dishes.  The best thing about Dragon King is that it's completely stress-free to bring kids there.  Because it's not a full-service fancy restaurant, kids can be kids-- if they get up and walk around, or talk loudly, or play Pokemon before/after eating, or just act like kids in general, it's all good here.  This is quite rare in New Orleans, and a very welcome chance for parents to have a relaxed dinner out with the whole family.  One adult meal is plenty to feed both my kids, and they are happy to bring extra dishes.pretty good for take out chinese. No weird yellow fried rice. will definitely be back.Not Chinese traditional food. If you want to taste 'real' Chinese food, It is not a good choice for you. All thought all the boss and hooks are Chinese guys, all the food except noodles or dumplings are changed because of Americans tastes. What's more, it is not  cheap for single people.I've tried every chinese restaurant in the area and I believe this is the best for cheap chinese takeout. I would not go eat here or spend tons of money on this place. But, for chinese takeout that won't empty your wallet, this place is solid. 
I prefer the food/ambiance at Five Happiness but this is much cheaper and almost just as good!Really good take out.  Better than Happiness, August, China Doll, and I dare say, Chinese Kitchen...
Excellent quality ingredients, clean tasting oils, nice to have a choice of pork fried rice rather than shrimp all the time.
Great prices, fast turn around time, and will be open for our Jewish Christmas dinner this year!  I like good food, and the dragon has it.Wow. It's so hard for me to find Chinese food that I like, honestly. I used to work for a Chinese restaurant and have been spoiled by authentic Chinese food. Thankfully dragon king exists, I was beginning to have a bleak outlook on Chinese in this city. Everything I've had has been delicious. Fried rice, steamed dumplings (that are huge), broccoli veggie plates, general tso chicken, beef and broccoli, moo goo gai pan, sesame chicken, Hunan and Szechwan dishes, egg drop soup as well as hot and sour soup. No, they don't deliver, but I find that to be why their food is so good, they don't rush, but they're quick. Their food is prepared with care and you can really tell. Next time you want Chinese I suggest you try Dragon King.Gen soa Chicken with porkfriend rice was very good! $6.49 total for the lunch special. I dined in & watched, as my food was being prepared. Very impressed by the portions, the quality, & the over all taste.Great prices and great food! Portions are quiet large, the special is definitley enough for two!There is no reason for this place to have an average of 4 stars. General tso's sauce was way off and was made with more batter than chicken (should have just called them chicken beignets). Beef and broccoli had cold meat and warm sauce (and we ate in). The lo mein was decent, but still, NOLA... You deserve so much better.This is my go-to American Chinese spot. They do have some really good offers (we often get the family meals). I don't know about the no MSG, because the last time I had Dragon King I was thirsty the whole night and had to keep gulping water, but maybe there was just a lot of salt... Who knows.
I usually call in and pick up my order since I live so close by. The food is always hot and ready when I get there. I also love the way they pack the take out. Neatly packed in completely sealable containers rather than in styrofoam to-go boxes.
I have yet to try them during lunch but they have great deals so I just might have to!My husband and I have been here several times because the food is delicious, but unfortunately the last time we ate here we received moldy shrimp. We ordered the garlic shrimp and veggies dish. I ate the veggies first and they were fine, but immediately spit out the shrimp. My husband tried a bite and did the same. 
I called and they allowed us to return the dish for a refund- they even let us do it the following day because we didn't want to drive back uptown. This may have been an isolated incident but mold on seafood is gross so we won't be back.What I really like about this place is that your food is made to order, not sitting under heat lamps like many places (Panda Express for example), and they are really fast for making your food fresh. They are also VERY affordable, with dinner plates costing about $8 and lunch plates going for about $6, so two people can eat and be full for under $20 (Five Happiness would be around twice the price for the same amount of food). It's not a fancy place, but that's not what they're trying to be. I found the food to be good, and about what you would expect from any decent Chinese restaurant. If you want Chinese and you want it made fresh and fast, Dragon King delivers. The only bad thing that really stuck-out was that they do not deliver, and since they aren't really equipped to be a dine-in restaurant (even though you can), they are mostly only good for take-out. Also, it's not a big deal, but fortune cookies cost extra (10 for $1 I think).
Really, I'd say they are 4 stars, but I felt like it was important to try to offset the unreasonable reviews by people who left 1-2 stars complaining about things like the menu being cheap and on paper (it's because the menu is for you to take home with you like most take-out places, and a fancy menu would be expensive to give away), and complaining about the location and the seating arrangements. Really, some people complain about things that really don't matter and then give 1 star for it. Like I said, it's pretty much a take-out Chinese place, so nobody really goes there to dine-in, even though you can.Definitely the best chinese take-out that I've had from the New Orleans area. Fresh, large portions with no MSG (so they say). Lots of options. I love the veggie lo mein and hot and sour soup. Fried rice does not disappoint.
Timely, close, fresh, and affordable!On point. Easy to order. Fast. Tastes good. If the menu states something is spicy- it's probably not. 
This place is exactly what you expect. 
When you call they don't ask you're name- so that's normal. Don't think twice on it.Easily the worst Chinese food I've ever had.
Wonton Soup tasted like old beer. The wontons themselves were 95% dough. The crispy noodles for the soup were stale. And that was the highlight of the meal.
The eggrolls were a combination of dough, cabbage, and very little else.
The sesame chicken was flavorless and the Mongolian Beef was predominantly onions and honestly tasted like literal urine. They were basically inedible.
The Pork fried rice was essentially flavorless.
It takes a lot for me to go out of my way to write a review. And normally  it's for something exceptional.
This was exceptionally bad. Very very disappointing.Decent Chinese, for being in Louisiana and in a strip mall. Americanized standard fare. Prompt, fresh food and friendly service. Inexpensive.I mean, eh.
The food was on par with typical mall Chinese food. Lots of breading on the chicken,  syrupy sweet sauce. Nothing exciting, nothing stood out at all except how completely average it was. 
With all the good reviews, I have to remind myself that many New Orleaneans don't know what decent Chinese food is.
Makes me long for the Chinese food places my family used to frequent in South Texas. And that's just sad!Worth the trip from bywater to pick up chinese takeout. Tried Red Apple on this end of town and it was extremely lackluster to say the least. This place is very clean and cute inside so it would be ok to eat there as well as takeout. I had Orange chicken with Pork fried rice, egg roll and boneless spareribs. Everything was flavorful and fresh. Ribs were almost all meat, very little fat. The Orange chicken was a little spicy, a little sweet, very tasty. Rice was also good. Will be back for sure. NOLA appears to be Asian food challenged, so I'm really glad I found this place.Damn good Americanized Chinese food. My group had the hot and sour soup, crab rangoon, general tso chicken, veggie chow mein, kung pow chicken, kung pow shrimp and egg rolls. All of that food wound up costing less than $40 for three people and we had plenty of left overs. The stand outs were the kung pow shrimp, with large shrimp, ample veggies, and spicy savory sauce and the general tso chicken. Perfection.For what it is, I think that this is a great place. I wanted a new option for Chinese Food in New Orleans, and decided to try this.  I had the General Tso's Chicken Combo which comes with an egg roll and pork fried rice.  I enjoyed the chicken and the rice, but found the egg roll to be soggy and way too greasy.  This is a good, quick, fast food type of Chinese Restaurant.  Not the place for fancy fare, but decent enough.I ordered from here a few weeks ago. The only thing edible was the fries. I went back today to get an order of fries. The dude said they ran out. This is doubtful at 2:40 in the afternoon. I was willing to try other food in the future but after this terrible customer service. I will find my fries and Chinese food elsewhere.Dragon King just opened up a couple of weeks ago in the shopping center on Claiborne (the one with the Blockbuster). Just ate there last night and the food was very good. We got the family dinner special which included a quart of soup (egg drop or won ton soup), two eggroll/or spring roll, pint of pork fried rice and choice of two items off the family menu (33 choices)!..The price is $21 for a lot of food!! 
Got the won ton soup and it was very flavorful. We got an egg roll and a spring roll to see which we liked better...I preferred the spring roll. For our entrees we ordered the Szechuan Pork and the Hunan Pork...both were very flavorful and not overly spicy...but I'm sure they could kick up the spice a notch if you prefer. 
This place was very good, the staff was super friendly...and I highly recommend you go check it out for a new Chinese option in the Claiborne University neighborhood!!I used to go to this place for lunch during my McMain days in the 80's. Not even sure if it had the same name then but it still suits my taste. Super delicious food!  I've been looking for my "go to" Chinese and after trying a lot I'm sure this is the place. I had the sesame chicken. It was crispy and fresh with thick sauce that was not too sweet. The fried rice was flavorful and I could actually taste the vegetables and chunks of pork in it. A crispy, not greasy, egg roll to boot. My only complaint is there were no fortune cookies or sriracha, so they lost a star there. Condiments are necessary when the actual food sucks, so I wasn't bothered by its lacking given the good eats. I'll be back for sure.4/5 love/good value
(okay - yelp. we are 3/3 right now on reviews that i swore that i've already written but seem to not exist. what's up with that?)
i love dragon king. it's my go-to chinese joint to satisfy my cravings, and have made many visits in the past year. the family dinners are exceptional values to consider for the week's meals - get it on a sunday night and have food for the rest of the week! i'm particularly fond of the shrimp in chinese vegetables and the chicken with cashews. probably also very guilty of ordering too many boiled dumplings, which i believe they make in-house. on the rare work-from-home days, i will always consider this for their lunch specials also.Not a fancy place. Quite tasty dishes. Not too bad for American Chinese food. Portions are big.  Pepper steaks & onion is really nice. The beef is tendered right, with sautéed onion and green pepper just right and not over cooked. They do open on thanksgiving day. Two thumbs up for people on the road and lonely people who don't want to cook on holidays.Cheap, good when you don't want to cook. A lot of food, lasts for two days. Novio and I order dinner for two, it says $20 but it's actually $25; still a good deal. Not the best, not the worst, safe easily accessible location. Great for takeout.I usually play this cat and mouse game with Chinese take-out places. Only I'm not the cat. When caught, I'm always hesitant because I just know  that I'll regret it because let's be real, this is one of those comfort foods that ties with other poor choices. 
With that being said, Dragon King is beyond adequate. You get your fix without the doubt. I've ordered take out and eaten in, and each time felt not only full but as though it was a meal made by a friend (see first paragraph to infer how I normally would feel). Their stirfry isn't heavy or overwhelming like many dishes can be and the portions could feed three! Top Chinese in the city, for sure.4 stars, Yelp? Ya screwed me.
Expectations: a Chinese restaurant that served food that tasted marginally ok.
Red flags: strip mall location, seating for maybe 18 people, a giant menu printed on that flimsy Chinese menu paper, the 8 colored pictures of featured food prominently displayed above the counter.
This is not food. This is chinese-ish fast food-like product. Chicken = pieces of stringy meat surrounded by 2x its volume of breading, fried. Sauce = corn syrup + soy sauce (not the good kind, the litlle kind that comes in packets) + coloring.
This is one of those places that exists in every city, and you swear these entrepreneurs shop in some franchise catalog and find a little ad in the lower right corner that says "OWN YOUR OWN CHINESE RESTAURANT AND MAKE BIG $$$$$!!!"
$30 for two people, with drinksNo bad for a little Chinese restaurant. Service was fast and friendly and the kitchen very clean. NO MSG lol and the food was pretty good. It tasted quite fresh and flavorful. I had the curry chicken and egg drop soup. Definitely worth a stop for some take away.EXCELLENT.  That is all I really need to say.  No corn-startch thickened anything here. I am totally impressed. Best hot and sour soup I've had in NOLA.  Much better than five happiness.I ordered the kung pao chicken with white rice. Although it was not spicy or hot as I hoped for, the generous portion ensured I would be full after eating. The prices are a bit high, but the food was definitely good. I will be trying the Singapore style fried noodles next timeThis place has the best ,consistent, standard Chinese food. The food isn't too expensive and every time I order, everything has tasted good. I haven't had one time where the food was bad or had any issues. I can't say the same for other places. Jung's is good too, but I think dragon king has better takeout portions and gives you all the sauces needed. DO NOT EAT AT GREEN TEA..the worst food ever.Best tasting Chinese food available in Nola, no doubt! My fave is their crab Rangoon which has sweet cream cheese (unlike many Nola Chinese places that have regular cream cheese) and Singapore Mei Fun! Absolutely delish.....their happy family and Pu-Pu platter is good too. Nice quiet atmosphere, friendly waiters, and good service! And the kitchen is visible to all, so nothing shady going on there :)Pretty decent place for what it is. Quick, cheap, American-style Chinese take out. The place is clean, and the food is decent for the price, although it wouldn't hurt to have a bit more flavor/spices.I used to go to this place for lunch during my McMain days in the 80's. Not even sure if it had the same name then but it still suits my taste. Super delicious food!  I've been looking for my "go to" Chinese and after trying a lot I'm sure this is the place. I had the sesame chicken. It was crispy and fresh with thick sauce that was not too sweet. The fried rice was flavorful and I could actually taste the vegetables and chunks of pork in it. A crispy, not greasy, egg roll to boot. My only complaint is there were no fortune cookies or sriracha, so they lost a star there. Condiments are necessary when the actual food sucks, so I wasn't bothered by its lacking given the good eats. I'll be back for sure.Great food. Good prices. Good-sized portions. Casual seating. Great service. I read all the reviews and just had to try Dragon King. Everything about the place is the standard casual Chinese food experience. However, the food itself is outstanding. All my food was HOT and FRESH! I had the teriyaki chicken stick which was good, but a little too much cinnamon for me. The roasted pork lo mein was delicious, one of the best I've had in SE LA. Egg rolls were very good, generously filled with pork and other egg rolly types of ingredients. I had to try the shrimp since so many reviews said how huge they were. I tried the sesame shrimp and had to cut ea shrimp into 3 pieces - yes, for real! Great taste also. The fried rice was good - neither spectacular nor bland. General Tso chicken was perfect. It was moderately spicy, but I like to dice up the little red peppers in the sauce to make it super spicy. Damn good food. It's out of my way, but well worth the trip. I will be returning for years to come, likely wearing elastic-waited pants ;pA very pleasant surprise and welcome addition to Chinese take-out in the city.  Ordinarily, we order from the flagship Chinese restaurant on Carrollton to pick up, but decided to give the new place near our house a try.  We got the dinner for two with kung pao chicken, spicy garlic pork, egg rolls and wonton soup.  The main dishes were not slathered in goopy sauces made off site and sitting in the back in plastic jugs.  The ratio of meat to vegetables was good, and unlike some places that essentially repeat the same vegetable combinations in most dishes, the vegetables in our entrees matched well with the meat and the sauces and someone had clearly put much thought into it.  Upon arriving to pick up my order, I notice the kitchen was buzzing and everything - including the side of fried rice - was made to order. The only flaw - and it was minor - was the wonton soup broth was a little plain and the soup contained nothing but the dumplings.  That said, the dumplings were out of this world and the dough tasted very fresh, so I would still definitely get it again.  Also, the dinner combination for two came with fried rice, but no steamed rice.  Not a big deal for me, but for some, you might want to take note.  Overall, and extremely good value and good food.I will say this has been the best Chinese food experience so far since I moved here. New Orleans has not been good for Chinese food. I am from St. Louis and we have the best Chinese food there is, but this was OK to get a fried rice fix. Loved the spring rolls and didnt care for the carrots and green peas in the rice. But I would come back again.Solid take our Chinese. Delicious, cheap, fast!
Never had a bad experience here. I like the Sesame chicken and general chicken. Really like that you can get a combo with fried rice and egg roll at dinner.One of my absolute favorite go tos for quick and cheap and yummy food. The pan fried dumplings are delish and a massive portion for the price. The egg drop soup is fantastic. It's always my lunch the next day with some soy and green onions thrown in. I tend to stick to what I know & love and the sesame beef or the pepper steak with no veggies are by far always a perfect choice. I like white rice so I can't vouch for their fried tho. Actually thinking about getting lunch from there today now  and as another review stated, I've had the WonTon soup, def not their best so I would pass on that tooJust got take-out from Dragon King and it was really good.  I could see them cooking everything I got to order.  I got the shrimp and vegitables and egg drop soup.  The vegitables were great and the shrimp were huge!  My only complaint was that the egg roll was not very good.One of the better strip-mall Chinese restaraunts I've tried.  The staff is friendly and the food is prepared fresh.  I've been very impressed by the Szechuan beef and chicken dishes, they are perfectly seasoned and use fresh vegetables when possible.  Their fried rice is good, the steamed rice is well cooked.  Their springs rolls are great as well. Definitely worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood and want some good Chinese.  The storefront is small, but there is a pleasant little seating area available.  
Good food, generous quantities, good quality ingredients.  One of my go-to quick dinner (not fast food) joints!My boyfriend is Chinese and this is the only place Uptown he will eat chinese food. The food is always fresh, hot, and made fast. Usually about 15-20 minutes. We got the beef and broccoli and general Tsao's chicken. The general's chicken is a little sweeter than it is spicy. Heads up if you getting that one. Made different but still good!This review will address only the quality of the food, as the service and cleanliness of the restaurant were perfectly fine.
The dearth of quality Chinese restaurants in New Orleans always has me seeking new places.  After reading the reviews for Dragon King, I was eager to check it out.
The hot-and-sour soup was good, but the steamed dumplings were only so-so.  Though the large size of the dumplings was certainly a plus, there was little in the stuffing mixture to balance the overwhelmingly meaty, greasy pork flavor.  Yes, too much umami can be a bad thing.  Perhaps a light, ginger or citrus-infused dipping sauce would offset the intensity of the dumplings.  Sadly, the sauce was little more than soy sauce with a few green onions thrown in (and perhaps a little sesame oil).
The fried rice that was served with our plates was very tasty, with perfectly seasoned and cooked bits of pork boosting the flavor (the egg rolls were pretty decent too).  The centerpieces of our plates were, however, lackluster.  I had the General Tso's chicken with white meat.  The sauce had a good flavor (ask for extra spicy) and the breading was not excessive, but the chicken was horribly overcooked.  Perhaps I deserve leathery chicken for asking for white meat at a Chinese restaurant, but it's basic culinary knowledge that white meat cooks more quickly than dark.
My SO had the chicken with garlic and broccoli.  Like the General Tso's, the accompanying sauce and vegetables were good.  Unfortunately, the chicken was less than spectacular.  The ultra-thin slivers of chicken tasted more of fat and connective tissue than meat, resulting in a gooey texture that was slightly off-putting.  Perhaps the chicken was sliced the wrong way?
 My feeling is that Dragon King is similar to every other Chinese restaurant in the city in that it offers a small handful of great-tasting items hidden within a vast menu of mediocrity.  The food is inexpensive and the portions generous (standard for Chinese restaurants of this kind), but nothing about it sets it apart from the competition.  I will likely give Dragon King another try, but for now, my quest for excellence in the New Orleans Chinese scene sends me elsewhere.OMG. I'm not one to write reviews, but this meal is too good. I have yet to find a place with decent general tso or steamed dumplings. Let me just say that even the fried rice was amazing:
Steamed Dumplings were *literally* the size of my fist. The meat was deelish and the homemade dipping sauce is the perfect combo of sweet & tangy. 
The General Tso combo meal had a hefty portion of chicken and the rice was fresh, not dried out and reheated like other places. My fav part is they only gave me three pieces of broccoli. Yea you right, Dragon King! I didn't order chicken and veggies! Thank you for not compensating for a lack of meat with boring broccoli. Much appreciated!
Egg drop soup: a large is in fact a large! Hooray!! And thank you for not putting weird things in it like corn...you know, like that other place that will never get my business again. 
Shrimp Egg Roll: Wow. Crispy and stuffed full of heaven. I can actually taste and see shrimp. What a novelty!
My ONLY complaint is that they don't deliver. But trust me...it's worth dragging your butt off the couch.This place has much better sesame chicken than Five Happiness and Jung's Golden Dragon. The steamed dumplings are incredible as well. What it lacks in ambience, it makes up by food quality.Gooey chicken. Bland flavor. Too little rice. Avoid itFAVORITE chinese food in the new orleans area!
Being a New York Native, good chinese food is hard to come by in the south.  This is the most authentic chinese food I have come across in my 4 years living down here.  The dumplings and the lo mein are TO DIE FOR! eat here!!!!!This past weekend we ordered Dragon King takeout for dinner and it was great! The service was quick and the atmosphere was pleasant. We ordered steamed shrimp with vegetables and steamed chicken with vegetables. We chose the garlic sauce which was quite spicy but with a little amount  it provided a nice flavor. The shrimp were sweet and well cooked and also quite large. We also ordered sesame chicken which was great, not too much sauce but enough to flavor the dish. For all four of these dishes and three packages of rice the price was quite reasonable. Over all I had a great experience ordering from this new restaurant and highly recommend it! We will return as this is our new chinese take out place in New Orleans.The food was hot and the portions were great for the price, in fact one plate could easily be made into two plates.  The crab rangoons didn't even taste like it 
had crab in it, was just cream cheese in a wonton. The food overall was typical to most Chinese restauraunts in terms of taste. 
Warning:  Yelp says this place delivers but it does not. The employee even said it doesn't.By far the best chinese food in New Orleans. Actually, one of the best fast-food style chinese I've had.Pro tip: When you're craving Chinese food on Christmas day, skip the wait at Five Happiness and pull into this no-frills Claiborne Avenue strip mall, where ample parking and a king among dragons awaits.
After the hostess at Five Happiness informed us the wait was an hour and 40 minutes long (and is it me or do hostesses at overbooked restaurants always deliver bad news with a smidge of glee?), my boyfriend and I headed to Dragon King, expecting to find standing room only.
The restaurant was empty, save for a lone Tulane undergrad morosely eating his crab rangoon. (More on the crab rangoon later.) We ordered crab rangoon, broccoli & bean curd and veggie lo mein. Total: $22.
We took a seat at a laminate table. Food came promptly. Crab rangoon was a generous helping of eight deliciously greasy cream cheese pastry packets for $4.25. Lo mein was satisfying. Broccoli and fried tofu served as a fine counterbalance to the starch-heavy Christmas pies and pastas I had for lunch. 
The restaurant did a brisk, steady takeout business throughout our meal and we left satisfied. A lively debate about whether it would be preferable to be a dragon or a king ensued. This restaurant doesn't have to choose. It's a DRAGON that is also a KING.I've been to this restaurant before but I don't remember being impressed. I stopped in for lunch the other day and it was really good!  Large jumbo shrimp freshly prepared, great hot and sour soup, just really good flavors in everything.  I'll be back.  Oh, and that shrimp egg roll?  DEELISH!Very tasty. The menu is pretty standar Chinese fare. The restaurant is a bit cramped on the inside, definitely a great place for take out. I went in and ordered at te counter, and watched a steady stream of call-ins trickle in as I waited. 
I purchased an order of crab rangoons, two egg rolls, a pint of fried rice, and an order of  mushu chicken and spent right at twenty bucks. Trust, it was a ton of food for the price.
Nothing fancy or revelatory, but definitely some quality Chinese take out.I really liked Dragon King. I would definitely go here instead of 5 Happiness. The egg rolls are very good. I didn't like the spring rolls. I liked the General Tso's chicken and pork fried rice. Lots of pork in it. I added vegetable to the chicken and they were wonderful. Clean restaurant, great fast service.I wanted it to be good. I really did. I don't know what it is about New Orleans, a city with so much great food, they can't come up with one good chinese restaurant. I know, you'll say Five Happiness, but come on people, if that if the best, it would not make it a day as the worst in New York. Back to the Dragon. The meat quality was just gross. The sauces were bad, the food overall was not good. I will continue my search because this one has been tried and scratched OFF THE LIST!It was ok, I only have one beef-- "similar to Chinese kitchen?", . More like exactly the same place as "Little Chinese kitchen" at 701 David Drive, Metairie.  
Saying similar to Chinese kitchen is an insult to the Carrollton eatery, and a farce!  I would file a lawsuit for defamation.  Unfortunately they are at Disney in Macau, and ultimately wouldn't have any damages.  Nobody would switch to this restaurant unless they needed some quick football food for a Tulane game or something.  Similar is a daily loose term.  Like-- Jennifer Lopez & Kim kardashian both have "junk in the trunk!!!"  Can you really picture such a thing?  
Anyway, cabbage rolls, fried rice ok, and chicken decentI have a love/hate relationship with this place. 
The Hate: 
They don't deliver. 
The dine in area is a bit too sterile - its mostly a take out place. 
The Love: 
The take out is good, but the dine in food is better. Not just because its fresher and hotter, but the portions are bigger too. 
The dining room is usually empty, so you have your choice of seats, and you can be as loud as you want to be. 
The fair price for the food. 
I would eat from here more often if they delivered. You can call ahead or just walk in and order at the counter.Excellent food, always correct, and likely more sanitary than Green Tea. Please see my review on Green Tea, don't eat there!!I've eaten my fair share of "fast food" Chinese. Dragon King is a cut above the rest. For chinese, I generally get fried rice or lo mein because every other veg option is usually a bunch of boring vegetables in some vague watery sauce. This place offers several other options. The only one I can speak to is the mu shu vegetable, which is delicious. However, from observing other patrons I deduced that they also have killer buns, spring rolls and dumplings. I image there are some other hidden vegetarian gems on the menu that I glossed over in my hunger. I haven't been able to find a lot of Chinese spots in New Orleans, but out of the few that I've tried Dragon King is by far the best. Standard Chinese food prices apply.This is a typical strip mall Chinese restaurant. 
Food: You can purchase here what you might find at any typical Chinese-American style restaurant, from soups, to eggrolls, to General Tso's chicken, and everything in between. There is nothing special or outstanding about the menu or food quality, though food is prepared quickly and fresh. One time, I ordered Mandarin Chicken, and the sauce was more like a Teriyaki than a peanut sauce, which disappointed me. The soups are super-cheap ($3-5) and definitely an economic buy. Lunch specials available for under $6 includes fried rice. (3 stars: very average overall, with execptions noted above)
Service: Order food and pick up at a counter. As noted above, dishes are made-to-order, hot, and fresh. (3 stars)
Facilities: strip mall location, with ample parking. There is a dine-in area of a few tables. Dining area is warm, due to close proximity to the kitchen. I suggest doing carry out if you wish to frequent this location. (2 stars: clean, but hot)
Overall: 3 stars---it's basically a takeout establishment with decent food that is made to order quickly.Love love love this place! My friends introduced me to Dragon King and I could not be more thankful for that! This is hands down the best Chinese in NOLA. I definitely recommend this over any other Chinese here.Decent Chinese restarting. Nothing special. It used to be great for its prices, but the portions have dramatically reduced. Service is good, though, even though the actual restaurant itself is nothing to phone home about.Love this place. Cheap good Chinese food. They have all of your favorite dishes. I've dined here and done take out several times. Lunch time here gets busy but it's not going to make you late getting back to work; lunch portions are also rather hearty. They do have a $10 minimum for credit cards and there have been several times where I haven't been able to meet it based on a single order so I usually have to add on a coke or something small. If it's 2+ people, you'll that amount easily (but not by much more). One thing I'd like to note--I usually love lo mein but for some reason, I'm not a big fan of it here. Overall, this is a nice local establishment that I like to support. Give 'em a try!Solid Chinese takeout for New Orleans, especially if you are a broke college kid. It's walking distance from Tulane. You can sit in but it's more of a take out place. The servings here are really big and I always have leftovers which I definitely eat for breakfast the next morning.Omg, they have improved their cooking back to what it was when they opened!!! I am so happy! The chicken with mixed vegetables is delicious, with velvety chicken, the orange chicken was delicious, the sweet and sour chicken was not greasy, the spring rolls weren't greasy either. So happy their game is back on! Thanks for a lovely Christmas dinner!!!Not the best Chinese restaurant around but it's better than most. My favorites are the general chicken, mixed veggies (without bell peppers), and the teriyaki chicken on a stick. It's a decent take out Chinese restaurant. The fried rice and lo mein are average. Sometimes they like make the general chicken more carbs than chicken and it makes it unappetizing. The good thing about this place is that it atleast tastes good. They're always opened later than other restaurants and are very friendly. If you're looking for take out Chinese then I recommend this place.We are so happy this place opened--why Five Happiness has great reviews, I don't understand--heavy, greasy food. Dragon King's food is well-cooked, never greasy--we have eaten here 6 times already. The fried dumplings (8 to an order) are divine--large and flavorfully meaty, the spring rolls are filled with shiitake mushrooms, the Happy Family (even has a half a lobster tail in it!), the Hunan Delight, the Orange Beef (has broccoli--really good with the sauce)--the sauces are complex and flavorful, the spicy Hunan Delight was not overly hot--could still taste the sauce--and the shrimp were fresh--they had been deveined and were large and not overcooked.  The people are very nice and the restaurant is very clean.  and the prices are reasonable enough, you can eat here without the breaking the bank! and my kids liked the food, too. (we had been doing Dragon King for us and Papa John's for them, but now they want Dragon King...)This place is really good Chinese take out even though it looks like any other generic set up. I wasn't able to find any good Chinese in NOLA until now and I hope it makes it; by comparison I think Five Happiness is really bad. The only caveat is that I am a vegetarian so I can't vouch for meat dishes. 
This is more like NYC Chinatown quality at a decent price, plus they are friendly! 
...and they use real whole freshly cut veggies, not the stringy rectangular canned bamboo shoots!I love this place! The guy who works at the register is so nice. New Orleans is a food Mecca but it is lacking in really good Chinese food. This place works for me! And the donuts are simply heaven.Probably the best Chinese food in New Orleans. This reminds me of the take-out spots back in New York. I grew up in Flushing Queens so I can honestly tell you how Chinese food should taste.Edible.. and dat was about it..
Disappointing?.. yes, yes it was..
searched/discovered via the yelp app.. it was this or 5 Happiness.. (I had heard 5 Happiness was good from a friend..)
my ole lady & I split the family dinner special for two... which for the price, was a good deal and that said, saved this review from a 2 star upped it to a 3-er... (if I were reviewing exclusively for the food quality.. it would b a 2-er...)
Like I said; edible. but unsatisfying.My FAVORITE chinese food Uptown. Get it weekly, it's quick and fair priced. Have never had issues with quality. If you're looking for some great Cantonese, look no further. They are quick, efficient, and consistent. The regions are amazing.Great food, great price, fast service. Great for what you pay and expect from Chinese fast food. Nothing creative, just good Chinese standards.I'm giving this place 5 stars for what it is...a quick, reasonably priced, Americanized Chinese restaurant.  If you're looking for delicious authentic Chinese food, this place is probably not it.  But for a no frills, friendly, fast and delicious American Chinese, this is the best I've found in the Uptown area.  We've tried a few places in the area for American Chinese take out and this neighborhood joint tucked in a small shopping center has been the best.  The chicken lo mein, pork fried rice, egg rolls, wonton soup, Hunan beef, and General Tso's chicken were delicious and satisfied our cravings.  We've tried the combo and family style meals and both are great deals...plenty left over for next day or two.  Few tables in the restaurant for dine in.  Friendly serve at counter and via phone.  Food available quickly for pick up.  They do not offer delivery.Farewell forever, Five Happiness!  You've been replaced by Dragon King.  This place is small and bare bones.  There are a few tables in there, but I think its best for take out.  Beef Lo Mein was awesome.  I recommend it.  General Tso's chicken was ok, but not spicy at all.  
It's a good place to scratch the ocassional Chinese food itch.Great local Chinese food. It is very convenient as we are located around the corner. The food is always hot and ready within 10 minutes. There is a great lunch special which gives you the same amount of food as the dinner portion. I would highly recommend this place to eat especially if your a local around the college area of uptown New Orleans.