These are the best hot dogs I've had in life. I can literally eat here everyday! Which is why I'm head back for the second day in a row, & 3rd time this week. 
The owners are great, the food is just as great... There are so many options! Be sure to tell them it's your first time and get the Dreamy Weenies rundown!OMG. Just get here now. NOW! 
Everything from the staff to the menu was stellar. It is so hard to find healthy vegan alternatives in NOLA, and this cute little cafe nails it! The daily fresh baked wheat buns, the in-house side salads and the vegan chili. MMMMMMM. 
Hot. Fresh. And just what we needed. Will not be back in town without stopping at this gem. So please go for me!The menu options are fantastic and creative. The food was super tasty and we would definitely come back. The staff was very personable as well, so it made the experience even better.this is one of the best places to try something your taste buds will super love red beans and rice are one of the best but i going back to try many more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!After a long day traveling, on our first night in New Orleans, we strolled by this place. It has a great look. The two guys behind the counter were fun and nice. We each selected a different sausage. The sausages were very good and were served on a soft tasty bun. As we were eating, people who appeared to be from the neighborhood (lacking that touristy look with flip flops, shorts, and hats) kept coming in and were warmly greeted. This added to the ambience and our enjoyment of the meal. Go here and keep these guys in business. A welcome change from the touristy cookie cutter places that are so prevalent in this area.So, my boyfriend and I have been making our rounds on the hot dog circuit, and this has been our 4th spot.  Definitely pleased with the food and staff.  Super personable guys that make you feel welcomed and comfortable.  The beef dog with chili, onions, mustard, and cole slaw was delish!  They even make a homemade tea which was pretty damn fab as well.  This stop is at the top of our hot dog list, as they have found a way to balance a great bun that doesn't overshadow the star.  We are a fan for life now.When you're ready to eat one of the best dogs you'll ever have, check this place out. Located across from Armstrong Park, on the edge of the French Quarter, this small eatery packs big flavors.So happy to see a restaurant in NOLA offer several vegan items on their menu. Expensive for a "hot dog" joint. Food was delicious.This place was awesome!! Such a great selection of dogs, vegan and non vegan. And amazing yummy sides to choose from! We came right before closing, and the staff were all very sweet and friendly. I will definitely come back when in NOLA again and highly recommend to anyone!Had the halal classic dog with the chili genie on top.  Was not disappointed.  You can tell the staff cares about the place being successful and they keep this place clean including the bathroom.  I will be back.I stopped here for something quick and this place was a great find! Had a williamsburg feel. I had the falafel hotdog because I've never seen that before with grits because I'm in New Orleans and it was surprisingly amazing! I also got a side of waffle fries. 
It's cash only though.In search of a place with a bathroom, but also had dwindling interest in taking the bus to a far-off restaurant, I came upon Dreamy Weenies after my tour on foot at St. Louis Cemetery #1.  
Dreamy Weenies is directly across from Louis Armstrong Park. Nice, open space with some art for sale. They have a bathroom!
I had the Genchilli Dog, and opted for the spicy beef sausage, topped with their housemade chili and Creole mix (minced bell peppers, onions, celery). I asked to have roasted garlic added (+55cents).  The weenie is not weenie at all, but a good sized 8+ inches (about 1-inch diameter) served in their homemade bread. Delicious.  The size of this weenie is not conducive to eating on the fly-- I had to eat it at the shop to avoid chili spills.
Would come here again if I am ever back in NOLA and would love to try the vegan dreamy weenies.Wasn't "dreamy", especially for the price. Bread was amazing. Got the beef kabob Curry, swapped it out (bc of some lemon aftertaste yuck) for a zesty dog with creole toppings, not as exciting for $9 but tolerableSurprisingly tasty hot dogs with unique choices.  Favorite was the Gen-chili dog with cream cheese.Exactly the hot dog you want when the Quarter inexorably leads you toward hot dogs. Fresh buns, top-notch toppings, friendly service.I was only visiting New Orleans for 4 days. I ate the vegan dogs 3 days in a row. Good food and great service.Very friendly staff/owners.  Many people on New Orleans are not friendly at other restaurants, but not here. Homemade buns, choose your meat and topping. Huge selection of toppings. I was too tired to be experimental so I opted for the good old chili cheese dog with a Polish beef sausage.  It was delicious.  The real thing that you MUST have is their Navy Bean Pie.  I purchased 1 then came back the next night and purchased two more pieces. It is amazing!!! Nice thick consistency. It reminds me of a mixture of a chess/buttermilk pie and a light pumpkin pie. DeliciousYO YO YO and a woooohooooo, This spot has the hook up for every diet. They cater to the halal, vegan and kosher set. THANK THE FOOD GODS!
The owners are friendly and personable as what I expected. The food is mad good and ya better know I already got on the horn and told ALL of my foodie friends about it.
There was only one ish about it that  rubbed my family and I the wrong way...And that was the young lady who took our order.Wow! So many fantastic vegan choices here! The vegan andouille with red beans and rice on top was incredible! This is a must-eat if you're vegan and staying in the French Quarter.This place has great vegetarian options.  We had a andouville vegan hot dog with mustard and onions.  We also had house fries (seasoned and plain). The house fries were good, but a little greasy. The hot dogs were decent. The andouville had an interesting taste.  I would recommend trying the kielbasa.  The part of town it is in is a little sketchy.  So I would recommend going during the day. The service was good and the restaurant was very cute.Finally got around to eating here recently. Great place top to bottom, from the smiles at the counter to the smiles in your belly.
For fans of another local hot dog joint (which I think would be rude to mention by name in a positive review here), I can highly recommend Dreamy Weenies for a change of pace. The atmosphere, general approach to gourmet dogs and multi-diet friendly menu options prove that there is plenty of room in the weinersphere for delicious competition. 
I think it's important to mention that all of the employees we encountered clearly take pride in their service and product, and rightfully so.Was in New Orleans looking for a good hot dog and I was not disappointed.  A very hearty and satisfying meal. Plus they had halal and kosher and vegan options so it was perfect. This meal really hit the spot. I would recommend the chilli dog with the zesty beef. Definitely a great meal!I really, really wanted to like this place. After a very bad experience with another local hot dog shop's veggie offering, I was excited that Dreamy Weenies had several options specifically tailored to the veg. crowd. The young man who served me was extremely friendly. I told him that I didn't want anything that resembled meat, so the faux chicken, faux sausage, etc. were out, and the remaining option was falafel. I got the "Higgy" with veggie chili, cheese, and grits, and an order of seasoned waffle fries. 
The fries were pretty tasty and managed to survive the 15-minute walk back to my office without too much sogginess sneaking in, but the falafel dog...Well, I've been torn on writing this review because maybe it was my fault for going to a hot dog place and expecting something that didn't seem so hot doggy. But I assumed the falafel dog would be a bit more falafel and less dog. It resembled faux meat more closely than it resembled any falafel I've ever had - very heavy and dense, and without the pleasant crunch of a ball of falafel. The texture was all wrong, and the toppings weren't that flavorful.
So, general recommendation: if you're a vegetarian with an aversion to meat, the veg. options here probably aren't what you're looking for. Everyone else, party on.Lots of vegan hot dogs that all taste very good! It costs about $8 for a hot dog but they are very big filling and tasty! Quick service and kind staff would definitely come againService was good. They offer different Vegan dogs & a Vegan bun. I liked the different variety of toppings. The seasoned waffle fries were hot & crispy. The cherry on top for me was the Vegan Pecan Pralines!!!!!
It was a clean venue  
I went in the next day to take home some pralines. I got to meet miss Tacha who makes the pralines & brownies. I will be placing an order in the near futureI LOVE THESE WEENIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Omg.
Really, though, omg.   I was so excited to try this place and then when I did I just shoved my whole mouth with food and wanted more.  I don't even know where to start!
There's lot of seating - it's a big open space with tables. The gentleman who helped us was nice and friendly (and cute! :) and very patient as I ordered 100 things off the menu and expressed how excited I was.  Tracy and I asked he open one in NJ because, VEGAN HOT DOGS WITH ALL THE TOPPINGS!!! CMON!!!
I was disappointed to learn they were out of waffle fries but no worrries!
So I got the keilbasa vegan dog with avocado, tomato, onion, vegan chili and I think something else. I had a side of rice and beans and a side of BBQ succotash. The Weenie was big and flavorful and fresh. 
I was (obviously) full but I wanted to eat so much more. 
I made a bib out of napkins. Oh and omg they toast the bun and it doesn't all fall out!!!! It's a perfectly shape and size and they have sriracha which I'm obsessed with but I actually didn't even need to use once because everything was just so f-ing amazing. 
I spent $17 on a hot dog place lol. 
This is the most excited review I've ever written because I was so excited. And I'm still so excited and I hope they come up north :((((((((Dreamy Weenies (such an awesome name) is pretty fab. For vegans and vegetarians, they do offer 4 or 5 different types of vegan "hot dogs" with the option of a (very tasty) vegan bun. The staff was extremely friendly and informative and made us feel welcomed. We were only in NOLA for three days and ate at Dreamy Weenies twice, that's how good it was! Definitely a must try when in New Orleans.
Also, the seasoned waffle fries are incredible!!Cash only and they do have an ATM on site. Long line at 6:00. I hear they have a good Falafel "dog" but decided it wasn't with the ATM fees and the price. A typical $7.50 meal wasn't worth it. Walked back into the Quarter, got oysters at Bourbon House.Fantastic food and great customer service! Found this great local eatery on Yelp during a recent visit to New Orleans. I ordered a delicious turkey dog with sauerkraut, cheese and bacon, so yummy. My traveling companion ordered the "pothole" hotdog which she also thoroughly enjoyed. Seemed on par price-wise with other eateries in the French Quarter, so no complaints on the cost of these gourmet dogs. Great place to stop on a visit to the area, highly recommend!Tasty fancy hot dogs. They're everywhere these days. Dreamy weenies has both super meaty & vegan options (which you can make unvegan by adding cheese) and lots of fancy toppings. The staff is helpful and can help you make choices.
Yes the dogs are a bit pricey but they're really big so I felt like I got my money's worth...and I feel like I'm supposed to make some sort of double entendre at this point...but disappointingly nothing comes to mind. 
Definitely a spot I'll go again for a quick & filling meal in the FQ.The corn dogs are huge. I can't even finish it! Seasoned waffle fries are amazing. Clean cool space and nice folks!Yesssss. Just yes. Is that enough for a review?
Seriously though. I had a vegan chili cheese dog and I was in absolute heaven. A+ for a great menu, delicious food and awesomely friendly service!!This place is such a joy. The food is fantastic and the service is great! It has something for everyone - meat eaters and vegetarians alike. The sweet potato fries were the best I'v ever had.So good. Dreamy indeed, had the classic beef. Homemade bun made it for me, mustard was killer, and the sweet potato fries sealed it. We'll be back!Awesome service and awesome weeners. Excellent for vegans and vegetarians, they have vegan buns and 5 different vegan hotdog options. They also have vegan chilli to make a chilli dog with. Some of the best food in new orleans and right across from historic Congo square and Armstrong Park.I love this place! I just came back from a second trip to NOLA and I made sure to stop by and get some food because I loved it from the first time I went. I got the vegan Italian herb hot dog with vegan chili and vegan cheese, seasoned waffle fries, sweet potato fries, and hummus, and it was all super good. The portions are really good and the cost is decent. The restaurant has a good amount of seating as well. I also like how you can eat your food and watch a parade at the same time on Mardi Gras day as the parades will sometimes pass by this restaurant. Overall, super good food!Decent place. They had a few vegetarian/vegan dog options. I tried the andouille vegan sauce which was pretty good. Boyfriend had the zesty beef with chili on it and says he'd come again. Only reason they aren't getting a five star review is because it's a cash only establishment.Got a vegan andouille sausage dog. Super yum! So glad I went! Right across the street from Louis Armstrong park which is lovely too. Not too many vegan options in nolaSpectacular quality, and impeccable service.  I chose the vegan Italian herb hot dog and it was incredible and I'm not vegan by any means.  This dining experience is one of my must haves whenever I come to New Orleans.  It's as good as the first day they opened.  Keep up the good work!Excellent food! Amazing friendly staff. Loved the experience. Must visit! They have few halal options. Amazing hot dogs. Supposedly it's also ranked in top 11 best hot dog placesLove 'em. But remember it's 'Cash Only' .
I had the Vegan Kielbasa w sauerkraut. Great!4.5 stars--one of my best meals in NOLA!! They offer a handful of unusual and seemingly quality vegan dogs: Italian herb, falafel, andouille, and kielbasa. 
I ordered the vegan andouille (when in Rome, right?) with mayo, mustard, ketchup, relish, slaw, and pico de gallo, plus a side of their vegan red beans & rice. The dog was ridiculously good. I don't know what brand they use, but the spices were interesting, and the toppings complemented it well. They make their own buns, and you can sure tell; they're everything a bun should be--fluffy and warm, with the perfect amount of crisp around the edges. 
The beans & rice I could have done without. They weren't terrible, but the dog was huge and I ended up packing them for later. I hadn't eaten this dish in over a decade, but I guess I expected it to have more flavor... ? Perhaps I'm just not a fan in general. They had vegan chili too, and I may try that next time.
My friend got one of their hand dipped corn dogs, and wow... it looked incredible. 
When it comes to cost, the basic toppings are free, but anything more elaborate is going to tack on 60 cents to $1. I reeeally wanted to give them 5 stars (I actually enjoyed the food somewhat more than Dat Dog's), but 99 cents for a spoonful of pico is excessive in my book.
Overall, though, an excellent little joint. I will most certainly be back.Favorite hotdog place in the city! Friendly staff too. Get the genchili dog add chipotle sauce!!Total yum and fun. For vegetarians and vegans this is much better than Dat Dog. I had the "kielbasa" with curry sauce and a drizzle of tzatziki sauce. My cousin got a meat dog with chili, cheese and grits. $7 seems like a lot for a hot dog but these were huge weenies. I couldn't eat all of the bun. We shared an order of sweet potato fries which were fresh cut and came with a sweet sauce. We were stuffed for hours after. The guys were super friendly and helpful and the place was clean and bright.I was skeptical going into this place because, come on, they're hot dogs.  Take a bite and you'll be lost in the wonders of New Orleans sausage culture at its finest.  Absolutely delicious and the prices are reasonable.  Nice people inside too.  Go visit Armstrong Park and Congo Square, then pop into this place and stuff your face while you contemplate the history of New Orleans and America.awesome dogs.  normally one wouldn't rave about 'hot dogs' but this place is great.  haven't had such terrific dogs since chicago.
satchmo dog w/red beans and rice...omg...to die for.
hubby had genchili dog w/chili and 'stuff''...also very very good.
we had the 'zesty beef' dogs - they were excellent.
the waffle fries were unusually tasty, crisp and so good.
everything was so good.
the guys running the place are fun and friendly.
this is a pet friendly place and kid friendly.
loved it!!Great hot dogs, overly priced but good. The chili changed which I dislike but still will do. If your on Rampart and hungry ! Go here and their punch is good...Call me old-fashioned, but I can't get behind the weenie-chic that's popping up everywhere. Asking me to pay exorbitant amounts of money for a HOT DOG, but your services won't cut the mustard? I can't. 
CASH ONLY - the bane of my existence. Have a biz? Bite the bullet and take plastic. 
IN-HOUSE ATM BROKEN - strikes 2 and 3. Not only are you inconveniencing your customers, but you make $$ off the ATM, too. 
OUT OF ITEMS - They're processed meats, for Pete's sake. Get enough for the week. 
It tasted OK  - the Gentchili sauce was nice, but I've had better from street vendors in NYC. Theses big-ass buns that are supposed to justify the cost aren't cutting it anymore, either. The coleslaw was sorely needing salt. 
Why three stars?
The counter service was very pleasant and apologetic about everything.One of my best dining experiences in the city, this place was out of this world! The service is incredibly friendly and helpful and the selection is so incredibly unique. Offering vegan, halal, and kosher hot dog options all at the same place is a really big deal! They ensure everything is cooked separately and that respect promotes a sense of community that plays an awesome part of this place's charm. It's literally world-peace offered in a hot dog bun. A in-house, freshly baked hot dog bun btw! 
I got the hand dipped corn dog, and it was awesome! My wife ordered the house special and loved it!
Truly an awesome experience and a truly blessed concept and business! Make it a point to come here when in town, it's totally worth the trip!I rarely do Yelp reviews, but feel compelled to put in a good word for Dreamy Weenies. The service is great, the management friendly, the establishment is clean, and the food is off the hook. This is not good vegetarian or vegan food, people, this is  just. plain. good food. Get the kielbasa dog and throw on some veggie chili and avocado. Take it from me, random, anonymous Yelper - you won't regret it.Great food and lots of vegetarian options. Awesome customer service and easy to find location. Thx for a great lunch!Always had a good dining experience here .The food was awesome.Hate to hear yall are closing.Yall should open up in New Orleans east off of bullard !I can't believe we've waited so long to visit this place! Fantastic menu, food, service, setting, location, etc--it is definitely our go-to place for hotdogs now. Dat Dog is good, but this place is great. We recommend the Pothole, the Diggity, the corn dog, the chili, the Special, and especially the waffle fries topped with red beans and rice!! The location right across from Armstrong Park and the new streetcar line is really good, and the building is gorgeous with all its big windows and bright colors. Definitely recommend! (Keyotta was our server and did a great job!)First off, I'm not a fan of hot dogs in general. But this place provided options that I could work with. I ended up getting the falafel with tzatziki sauce and jalapeños. It was ordered as a meal which came with a drink and fries. Everything was awesome and let me tell you about this customer service! Awesome! Hands down best customer experience since living in NOLA. Heads up, they only take cash so hit up a bank before dropping in.Oh man. This place is so good. I went in expecting shitty bourbon st lucky dogs but I was so wrong. Friendly staff. CASH ONLY!!!Awesome !! I am a bread lover and the bun was the best part of the hot dog for me. Baked fresh daily!You guys! Vegan hot dogs in NOLA! And they are so good!! I had the vegan chili dog and corn dog and both were amazing!This is the best hot dog in New Orleans hands down. The dogs are larger than any dog I've had.  The dogs are all beef, except for the Vegan Dog !  The delicious buns are baked fresh daily. The pricing is quite reasonable. The owners and workers are friendly and informative. The space in inviting and comfortable. The location is easy to find, its directly across from the Armstrong Arch at Rampart and St. Ann, in the the French Quarter. Make it a stop during your day !Tasty hotdogs with some great toppings.  Named one of the top 11 hot dogs by High Times.  The price cost them two stars.Great location (across from Louie Armstrong Park), cool  interior, great service, great dogs! Worth visiting if you're in NOLA.Was in NO for Mardi Gras and my friend was really craving a polish sausage. So we took a walk to this place! Although they were out of the kind of dog I wanted and I had to settle for something else, the dog was still great! It was also very filling, I couldn't even finish it because it was so big! The employees were very nice and the food was made very quickly! Although I'm not much of a hot dog and sausage kind of gal, if I'm ever in the area again and craving one, this is where I'll go.Great food and staff.  I was greeted immediately as I walked in.  This first visit will not be my lastBeautiful ambiance, true NOLA culture. Be sure to bring CASH because they won't accept any cards.CASH ONLY
FOOD
There's not much to say about the food other than that it's all delicious. You can't go wrong with such a solid menu of hot dog options. The bun they use is pretty basic, but their sausage options are great. They offer Halal, Kosher, and Vegan options. Something for everyone. I had the Pothole, which was basically a bbq on a bun (chili and potato salad). Yum. We got the seasoned waffle fries AND the sweet potato fries, which come with this sweet maple syrup like dipping sauce. Don't regret getting both types of fries at all.
SERVICE
The food is great, but I think the service is what really makes this place a spot you want to come back to. The guy at the counter was one of the nicest people you could ever meet. He's all smiles all the time, greets everyone who walks into the door as he's taking orders for the person currently at the counter. The two cooks in the back are really efficient and crank out orders pretty quickly. We came during a slight lunch rush so it took a bit to get an extra side of sauerkraut, but understandable since there was only one guy taking and delivering orders to tables.
When he brought over my sauerkraut, he noticed my boyfriend had only taken one bite out of his hot dog and immediately asked if we'd like him to remake it. He kept insisting they remake it until my boyfriend told him it was really good, but that he was just really hungover and couldn't eat it at the time. We took the rest of his hot dog to go. The fact that he offered to remake it without being asked or prompted at all was really observant on his part. Great service and super sweet.
Support these guys. :)Dreamy weenie heaven! As a vegetarian I love when places have options. There was no lack of options at dreamy weenies for meat lovers and plant lovers alike. I got the Italian sausage (vegan) and chipotle mayo on top. The thing was massive and delicious. Highly recommend checking them out.Best hotdogs ever. The buns are so toasty and house made. Can't go wrong with Zesty beef with sauerkraut, bacon, make sure to get the "dremaloude sauce".Love this place. There are so many delicious vegan options (4-5 different hot dog options, homemade sides, toppings, fries, etc) and the people running Dreamy Weenies are super friendly. I love their vegan dreamoulade sauce...on everything.You will dream of these weenies, one of the places I can't wait to visit when I come out here.Great place, great service, great food. Really great place for lunch, the weenies are HUGE, just saying! The girl behind the counter was so lovely, very friendly and helpful I'd return again just to talk with her. The food was ready fast and tasted great, and there are plenty of good vegetarian options. The location is nice, right across from Armstrong Park and there is some fun local artwork on the wall. I highly recommend stopping in as they haven't been there too long and we want them to stay!One of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans! Everytime I eat here I literally eat to the point of explosion, but it's totally worth it. All vegan sides, multiple vegan dogs: it's a dream come true! My personal favorite is the Pothole Dog, but whatever you choose you won't be disappointed. 
The only downside is they are located on the edge of the Quarter so parking is a total shit show, and I never have any cash and they're a cash only joint. The good news is this means I can force whomever I am with to pay for me. Win for everyone!
Ps I am so glad this place is called Dreamy Weenies and not Dreamy Wieners. I think about that a lot. Terrible word, wiener. Gross.went today for the first  time & it was banging,awesome veg options & the counter girl was super niceDreamy Weenies has the BEST hot dogs in town! Everyone gets a wide variety of choices here, whether you eat meat or are vegetarian.
First, you pick the specific weenie you want (lots of meat and lots of vegetarian weenies to pick from), then you pick your meal: hot dog on bun only; includes chips and drink; includes fries and drink; etc. There are lots of free toppings and others that cost extra, such as chili (meat and vegetarian available). There are lots of great sides. The buns are freshly baked. The prices are very reasonable because these hot dogs are huge!!!
Try the corn dog! Choose your weenie and it's fresh dipped in corn batter just for you!  
There is a very positive vibe and everyone who works at Dreamy Weenies is really nice. I've been a regular there for the past few years and I've never had anything but a 5-star experience! 
They are right across the street from the arch entrance to Armstrong Park. This place is a must - definitely the best in town!This place makes,  uh "tipsy Joi" happy. To be clear, it's rare that I even want fast food because I like to take my time eating and I prefer to do so with table service... con vino. Then there are those times when you're in the Quarter and need to stuff your face immediately or you're not going to be feeling well. Behold: Carnival time. 
An entire vegan section on the menu in a fast food joint? Dreamy, indeed. I landed here after Barkus day this past weekend... three hours past because I, uh, lost track of time while at Bar Mon Cher down the block as one is apt to do. 
"No buns," read the sign on the door. But who needs a bun anyway? Not so into those but then again, I'm not exactly always in the mood for a hot dog. Wait, the door was locked! WTH? Are there really people out there loathing the bunless? Someone was kind enough to open the door. I actually pleaded with them... and promised, "I really don't need a bun." WHO NEEDS A BUN WHEN THERE ARE WAFFLE FRIES?! I ordered the Vegan Andouille dog with Creole mustard (a must). I'm looking back at the menu and I'm mad at myself for not adding on other stuff... lots of VA (vegan available) add-ons like mayo and cheese. I guess I was in a plain kinda way, because I didn't even think to get my waffle fries seasoned and instead, eyed my friends' fries quite enviously.
I love this place and I need to remember it in times of great tipsy hunger.I had a corn dog. Sho nuff was delicious and perfectly cooked. I'm so mad I went there on my last day in NOLA. I'll be back!The staff is super friendly and the front of the shop looks out on historic Armstrong Park, so DW has ambiance that most lunch places wish they had. 
The waffle fries are spot on, but, even better, the hot dogs are big, juicy and flavorful. Also, this is probably the only restaurant in town where you can get Creole red beans on top of your Kosher (or vegan) Weiner while listening to New Orleans hip hop. Talk about a mash up. The corn dogs are dipped fresh too, carnival style.
Worth the trip.This is one of my absolute favorite places to eat in the city. As a relatively new vegan they have lots of options for me and I have yet to be disappointed, aside from the fact that my food is gone and I want more!  The falafel hot dogs are my favorite and the vegan buns are actually better than the non-vegan buns, according to my husband. He's not a vegan and loves the other hot dogs as much as I love the vegan ones. He tasted my bun and has decided to order the vegan bun from now on. The waffle fries are delicious too. The staff is amazing and the atmosphere nice and relaxing. Whether you're vegan or not this is THE place for hot dogs in New Orleans. Don't get me wrong, I love Dat Dog but Dreamy Weenies wins hands down. I could happily eat there every day.Dreamy Weenies is not just an excellent niche hot dog destination, but an exceptional restaurant- as in standards for comparison with any restaurant in New Orleans, Butcher, Palace Cafe, whatever. The menu is legible and concise- unlike other hot dog places or restaurants, the staff is super amicable, and the atmosphere is the perfect chill respite from the streets of the French Quarter, all the while having an excellent dining experience. Foodwise though, there is basically the greatest cook-out happening there everyday, with all of the best hot dogs and sides that one could ever possibly want, and all that you have to do is show up and order, to be at this great cook-out. Their cole-slaw is exceptional. Obviously a sticking point for hot dog obsessives, their buns are importantly, light, perfect and proportional (the maker must be specially selected). This and the overall quality of ingredients they obviously don't compromise on, and offer at a bargain. For the previous reviewer to complain for getting a premium hot dog with toppings, waffle fries, and a large drink for $13, I say- go to 7-11 or whereever it is, get a rotissiere hot dog, drink and hot pocket for $7 and tell me how you feel about your life after that. People are frequently demanding the highest premium products at McDonald's prices nowadays, so that's not surprising. The rest will know where to go. Dreamy.This place it's delicious and has a ton of vegan options. Their prices are a bit high, but worth it because it's so delicious!Probably one of the best hot dogs I had HANDS Down!! 
Sorry people from Chicago. These dogs are way better. 
Lots of vegetarian options. Great toppings and is pulled on nice and neat. No mess when biting down. 
I only wished the spicy sausage was spicier....other than that was an excellent snack before a tour. 
Cajun fries was excellent! Chili on the dog didn't give you any regrets after consuming. :DAs a vegetarian this is my favorite of the hot dog places in Nola. Prices all seem the same but these guys have multiple tasty vegan ones. Tried the (I think new) vegan chicken dog tonight w vegan chili, cheese and potato salad. Not enough of the potato salad to make a difference but didn't ruin the dog. Best part was the service...3 of the 4 had never been, 2 were kids and the staff went out of their way to make the experience enjoyable for all. Not sure why I haven't been here more but will make it a priority to do so. Should note my sis stopped me from drinking thr brown sugar sauce that comes w the fries bc I would have,