Was so excited to take my champagne loving friend here! The decor is great! Love the restroom! Haha! The food we tried was great too! My only negative comment is about our bartender.  We needed assistance choosing a flight and she was so put out and annoyed that we were asking for her help. I will go back but will avoid her. Definitely go try!!This was a total surprise. Perfect service, beautiful clean design, grilled octopus with spice as good as I've had since Portugal, same the the large red gulf shrimp and crispy fries. Everything was yummy.  I'd go again in a heartbeatThe Fried Chicken and Champagne Picnic on Thursday night was fabulous! Divine food, beautiful bubbles, and a brass band that made it a spectacular party! In a fun town with magnificient food and drinks, it doesn't get better than this. Any night is lovely at this incredible venue, but a special event menu is not to miss!Ef*fer*ves*cence (n.) (1) bubbles in a liquid (2) vivacity and enthusiasm 
I was once told that champagne is the drink of exciting and fun people; a drink of celebration and excitement. I imagine going to "champagne bar" would be vivacious and exciting.   This is a bar that serves an impressive and extensive list of champagne. 
We came in on our anniversary during our trip to Nola, to have a couple glasses of champagne to kick off the evening. My first impression, dark. And loud.  It wasn't busy when we arrived and our server took a few minutes to talk to us about the chef and to recommend a flight. Of course I want a flight! After spending time in Reims studying champagne, it's one thing I know a lot about. It would've been nice to get more info about the champagnes we were choosing than just the name.  I mean...we're in a champagne bar.  And the Yelp guide says "classy attire"...nope.  Even the waiters and waitresses had on what looked like comfortable, but very dirty shoes. Oh well. Comfort over style. It's just a champagne bar, with "Veuve Clicquot La Grande Dame '06" for $425 a bottle.  Who needs it served in classy shoes... side eye
It took a while for my "War of the Rosés" flight to arrive and every single drop was delicious. I found a nice tasting guide online that walked me through my 3 tastes.  Thank God for Google.  Our waiter disappeared and even when he came over to ask how we were doing, he grabbed the empty glasses and turned his back before we could say anything. Oh well...it's my anniversary and I want to celebrate. So...we decided to leave.  No one really cared anyway.  
Great concept. Awesome champagne list. Mediocre service.  Dark ambiance. My experience was very much bubbles in a liquid....  mehYears ago I heard that champagne was fun, vibrant, celebratory...it wasn't for the drab or those who would bore another with mundane stories of work and their dry behavior...we showed up to Effervescence to celebrate our anniversary and lo and behold, it was boring. 
1. The place was dark. It seemed like I should be secretly drinking bourbon in a speakeasy. 
2. The staff personnel didn't take interest in explaining what champagnes were amazing and why we should drink them. 
3. They never checked on us. 
4. I had an Armstrong smash and it was great.
5. The darkness distracted me from enjoying ourselves 
6. Our person still ignored us as we tried to give him our money so we can escape to actual darkness provided by the night sky. 
7. When I think champagne, I think fun and hooray!! Nope, not here. Even the music selection was sad. 
Don't get me wrong, the place was nice. It's a well put together establishment...from my trips to France, this doesn't make me feel like that. If this is how America represents Reims, they'd be pretty upset.This place is gorgeous! The owner and staff were very friendly. I was a little worried we were underdressed in shorts and tank tops but they didn't care. My friends shared a champagne flight and I had the champagne of beers. The food was really good to.  We got there pretty late in the evening but there late night menu still filled us up.Great addition to the NoLa food scene. The tapas were totally on point, especially the octopus!  I could have eaten a couple of plates of that!  Besides great food, they have a great "bubbles" selection, cool vibe, and great service.Super cute champagne bar.  It was gorgeous inside and had plenty of seating.  We had just been roaming the quarter all day in casual clothes and we were just fine.  I suggest the champagne flight!  You get to try a few glasses which were all delicious.Great wine selection. Wish I had made it in time for the food. Owner/ passionate wine connoisseur came out and introduced the space and menu. John bartender offered a helping hand in selection, very kind and present. Highly recommend  for anybody in the area or in the mood for a destination. :)This place is so cute and perfect for a girls night! The champagne flights are fantastic and the food is super yummyNice, quiet, relaxing vibe. Awesome for an evening to come in and chill, drink some champagne and get ready for a night out in the quarter.My sister made the brilliant decision to take me to Effervescence for drinks on my birthday. It was easily one of my favorite experiences at a wine bar ever. 
The atmosphere is wonderful--it looks like it would be small and crowded from the outside, but inside it's airy and fresh and the tables are far enough apart that you feel comfortable without feeling like you're the only person there. I don't know if they've changed their lighting since previous reviews, but I didn't find it to be dark at all, rather the opposite. 
We ordered a weekly featured flight of bubbly and a cocktail (the Honey Island Daiquiri one), both were excellent. We also ordered the Kale Caesar salad with Butternut which was delicious, and I don't even like Caesar salad. 
The best part about our experience by far was the service, however. 3 different waitresses all waited on us and checked in with us and took really good care of us and were so so so kind with their recommendations and small talk. Some places are super stuffy and elitist but they were all very chill and helpful. We didn't finish our cocktail and they offered to split it over ice for us so we could take it to go! It was so sweet and we had a great time. Will be recommending to friends and guests visiting New Orleans!We went to the grand opening last night and had such a great time! The atmosphere and drinks were superb. Stop in and have a flight of champagne, prosecco, or cava! We'll be coming back for food soon. Would definitely recommend!Great new addition to the bar scene in New Orleans! Came here one evening a few weeks ago with some company as we've heard the buzz from local clients. The bar is pretty spacious and the decor gives it a pretty laid back, yet comfortable ambiance. As we were seated, our tables had mini champagne bottles filled with bubbles! How cute to play with while we sip our bubbly (champagne). I came to Effervescence with the incentive to order champagne with one of those popsicles but it slipped my mind and I ended up ordering a bottle for myself and company. I wish I remembered what it was exactly but unfortunately I don't because I ended my night on Bourbon Street so I guess you can say my memory was pretty shot. Also we ordered some food. We had the frites with aioli sauce, buttermilk chicken, and mushroom tart which was ok. I hope that they continue to work on the menu. 
Although I wish I had a server that was more attentive and better at making suggestions, perhaps he had a long day seeing as I came on opening weekend. I won't let that effect the outcome of my review though. They also have courtyard seating! Also as we were exiting the place, I believe it was the manager and/or owner that greeted us and thanked us for coming which actually made it a more memorable experience. I definitely plan on returning and telling my friends about EffervescenceElegant bar, reasonable champagne prices & delicious food. Not many places where you can taste champagne!
Visiting NOLA & my friend's read about Effervescene  in a local free paper... We decided to try it during happy happy & truly enjoyed!Wowsie! I can't believe how many champagnes and wines they have! Their menu is like an encyclopedia! It's in a great restored area on Rampart st in the Quarter. Beautiful and super cozy decor.  Knowledgeable staff. I had a French champagne flight (1/2) and it was plentiful and excellent.  My husband had the melted cheese plate- he loved it! And my frozen berry dark chocolate with whipped yoghurt (I forget the name) was exquisite!Super charming spot for drinks and snacks. Love that you can build your own bubbly flights. Flight options are interesting and varied. The olive oil and olive popcorn is amazing. We also had the pommes frites with eggplant aioli & sumac and they're really good. If I lived in NOLA I'd be here all the time.Great service! Great selection! Wonderful champagne selection. Ambience was great. We had two bottles. Waitress was very helpful.Stopped here with a group of friends before dinner and had a great time! We ordered a few things to snack on and everything was great! They had a special on fried green tomatoes that were delicious!Nice place that's a landmark amongst the earlier arrivals gentrifying Rampart. It's much needed and this is a refreshing atmosphere with good service, great drinks, upscale but reasonable bar bites, and a clean establishment. Back patio is legit too.Great new spot! Great food, great drinks, and the largest selection of Champagne offerings in the city! Breathtaking interior and beautiful hidden courtyard out back! Wow. Truly a one of kind place!
The small plates are between $9-$25...except the cavier. But there are two types of cavier...one for ever budget!Such a unique spot with cool people, great wine list, excellent atmosphere, cozy cool feel and original pieces by Pio which steal the show.  The food is fantastic and they do an excellent job hosting groups of 20 as they did for us in March.  The owner Crystal is ever present with her fingertips on everything and she is a delight.  Only 4 stars because if the hours.  Would have loved to stay longer.  Check it out!!!Wow! Love this place... Get the seafood plateau! You will not be disappointed! If you like lots of champagne this is the place! but seriously can't get enough of the seafood plateau! YummmA gem of a place.....great flights and beautiful room. Amazing collection of champagne and sparkling wine.This place is a breath of fresh air in New Orleans! You can dress casually, drink Highlife and eat French fries, or dress up for a girls night out or fun date night, have a great sommelier entertain you with his vast knowledge on sparkling wines across the world, and snack on raw oysters or barbecued octopus. I'm sure everyone in New Orleans, whether native or tourist, can find something to love about this place.I love the atmosphere!!! The champagne flights were so much fun! The Prosecco pop was delicious.  The service was great! I can't wait to go back!!!What a great place to start or end a night. Great service, outstanding selection and small bites to die for. The cheese wheel was amazing.Upon walking in, we were greeted by the owner who welcomed us openly and told us to feel at home in a manner more genuine than you could imagine. (And wished us well, taking a moment to ask how we were enjoying our drinks thus far) 
Drinks: Two Prosecco Pops and The Armstrong Smash; all FANTASTIC! 
We enjoyed the popcorn starter that gives off the sense of a light Italian bread. To follow we scooped every last bit of the grilled half wheel of cheese (ask for extra dates, they complete the bite) as well as the buttermilk chicken thighs. They were incredibly tender on the inside and crispy on the outside to the point of delicious confusion! 
Sit with Didier,he's exquisite!This place is SO DELICIOUS! The drinks are spectacular, and the atmosphere is top notch - especially the patio area in back! Great for late night hangouts and wedding-related parties! Def. order the "1/2 block of cheese' with the grilled bread and dates"....MMMMMMYESSS.Service was wonderful. Small plates and a lovely selection of bubble to boot! Come dressed or don't bother coming in.Amazing date night with myself because I deserve it! Charming ambiance and friendly, knowledge staff. There's not many places you can taste champagne from great to excellent one glass at a time. I chose the "A Few of my Favorite Things" half glass flight and it was absolutely perfect along with their house popcorn and small bite options. The West Indies crab salad was amazing! To top the hospitality they had a phone charger I borrowed and convenient plugs at every booth...that's the way to step into the times! Highly recommend and hope to be back soon.I live around the corner from this place and have been anxiously awaiting its opening. I was NOT disappointed. Wonderful rehab of a classic structure. Open, bright, inviting. The drinks were wonderful. The food was delicious and the service was fantastic. Bravo! We'll be back for sure. - Often!Delightful. The decor, menu, selection, service, courtyard...just go you'll be glad you did!Love this little gem - a magical FQ oasis of bubbles and bites. Some of the best food I have had in a city full of good food. It is pricey but I believe there is a happy hour....They are new and working things out but so so happy to have them in town!As a New Yorker this place impressed.  Great backyard away from the insanity.  But still good fun and good drinks.Went the very first opening night so there were some expected issues. We sat at the bar and ordered ordered the chicken. After an hour and a half without chicken, we asked for the check. We suspect that it was delivered to the wrong people because we saw people around us seated after us eat chicken. Overall the service was slow but they were packed. They have a pretty good mark up and should be turning a nice profit. But it is a great selection. We were served the fries which were truly amazing. I will return for the fries and to hopefully try the chicken.Great champagne and sparkling wine options and the space is exquisite!Service. Quality. Atmosphere. 
Those are the three things Effervescence does very well.
I thought a champagne bar would be a great experience to finish out my partner and I's NOLA trip. We've both recently taken an interest in champagne so I was delighted to see that this establishment had just opened. The atmosphere is so streamlined and laid back. I didn't feel pressured or out of place at all. We took two seats at the bar to receive some recommendations from tbe bartenders and we weren't disappointed at all with their service. They were all very helpful, attentive and really seemed like they loved their jobs. In the end we settled on the full tasting of Spanish champagne which ran about $24 for each of us, so $48 total. We had eaten and drank a bit before so I believe we could have just done one hald tasting and split it. It was really quite delicious and a great way to dip our toes in the world of champagne.This was such s great way to spend the afternoon. Gorgeous location lots of magnificent champagne and great assistance by the staff! We loved it! Chris was wonderful!This was one of my favorite places in New Orleans. Even though the place was busy, we snagged a table by the window, away from the crowded sofa areas.  The menu has an extensive selection of champagnes, which means there is something for even the pickiest of drinkers! We ended up trying the the catena "alma negra" malbec rosé, the ca' furlan "cuvée adriana" moscato, the bianca vigna prosecco, and the honey island daiquiri--all delicious. The free popcorn and the side of pommes frites we ordered also tasted pretty good. The service was excellent, the prices were decent, and it was great experience all around.A tad bit overpriced Champagne bar that has a huge selection by the glass or bottle. They also have a small plate and tapas menu which is the reason why we came for the pomme frites. They were good but not great and certainly not worth the $8 price. Once nice touch that I did like is that they served the "Champagne of Beers" in their beer selection, lol.Fantastic cevice, soft-shell crab and West Indies salad.  The cocktails are fun and inventive, and this is a bright and beautiful spot even by New Orleans standards!  It's a perfect spot for a celebration.I was planning a small shower/celebration for a bride when the venue closed at the last minute. I reached out to Effervescence in a panic and the owner, Crystal, got back to me almost immediately. She accommodated our small party at the last minute, helped me select an amazing array of food and great drink selections, and took more time than she anyone else would have for such a small group. I can't say enough good things about her. 
The party itself was lovely. The small was beautiful and the food was amazing. Her staff were kind, helpful, and conscientious. I will absolutely be back. Highly recommend if you are looking for a place for an elegant event.Strongly recommend coming here to enjoy some champagne and cocktails, they take reservations, which I strongly recommend or they take walk ins as well.  Indoor and outdoor seating, we originally sat inside when we walked in but quickly moved before we ordered because there was an outrageously loud table near us.  The outdoor Courtyard was so freaking adorable and relaxing.
The menu of champagne has something for everyone!  Glasses, flights, half flights, and cocktails.  I got the war of rose flight and it was incredible, I loved each of the samples and thought it was so perfect.  
They have small bites as well!  We ordered a order of the pom frites which was mouth watering, immediately ordering a second order as soon as we started demolishing the first order.  In addition to these we were served a complimentary order of popcorn tossed in some incredible spices/oils.  
All in all please come visit and enjoy at least one drink here, but you will be staying longer ;)Ambiance. This new establishment has more than it's fair share. At least take a peek at the patio if you don't enjoy your drink there.So happy to have another cute, reasonably priced and fun spot for drinks. The prosecco pop was deliciousIt is very expensive. The bartender suggested a champagne knowing we were looking at the price for a glass. $125 later we realized what happened no help.I attended a surprise birthday party here and wowza. If you're looking for a nice place for a girls night, take a date for a nice drink or pre/post dinner drinks for an anniversary, this is the place. The ambience is wonderful and let's be real - who doesn't love champagne?! I didn't get to try all of the small plates but everything I tried was delicious. The Rosè that was chosen was excellent as well - I can't recall the name of it though. There was lots of bubbles involved. I would go back for a special occasion for sure.Had drinks with a friend here and some appetizers (cheese plate, truffle popcorn). It was rather busy and loud but our waitress was attentive.Upscale gem on rampart. Impeccable service and selection. Think restaurant August or Stella but chill and champagne menu to die for.Loved this place.  Have wanted to go there when I visit NOLA since I read about its opening.  Love the atmosphere and selection.  Chatted with the owners who were very warm and gracious and explained how they decided to open it.  I just wish they were open M/T so I could go back before I leave.A lovely champagne bar that I highly recommend for any time of the day - brunch, lunch, supper, and late nights! Upon entering, you will notice the beautiful bar and fresh elegant décor. 
The service is also pleasant and my server was knowledge about their wide variety of champagnes. 
For champagnes, I had the 'these are a few of my favorite things' bubbly flight and the 'Provençal bubble bath' cocktail.  The flight was a fantastic pairing of my favorite champagnes - hild elbling sekt, Szigeti rosé, and peter lauer rielsing sekt. You can get glasses filled full or half, I personally thought a half fill was just enough. My cocktail (listed under bubbles + troubles) was also refreshing and tasty. Would definitely order both again! 
For tapas, I had the egg + soldiers with caviar and the royal red shrimp. The egg + soldiers was my favorite! Perfect soft boiled egg and the caviar made it even more special - highly recommend for brunch! I also enjoyed the royal red shrimp - each shrimp was fresh and hit my seafood craving. 
Highly recommend for good bites and amazing champagne selections!This spot will appeal to Champagne aficionados. The list was deep with a great deal of variety at multiple price points, lots of obscure growers stuff it's hard to get ahold of on your own. Markups were reasonable, service excellent. I'd go back.Great Champaign happy hour. And flights of champagne with fun names like backpacker or jet setter. The fresh salads are sourced from a farm in the Bywater down the road. Lovey ambiance, Sophisticated yet approachable. A definite must go.Killin' it! We hit up this new hot spot this evening before going to the Saenger for a show...and we loved it! Overall, it's a little pricey and pretty glam (which isn't my style-hence not being a 5 star), but it was cool. Very beautifully renovated space and a diverse crowd. LOTS of bubbles choices, fun food, and good service. Nicole was super friendly and helpful (she also slayed the red lipstick).
I had the happy hour bubbles (DELISH and only 5 bucks), then tried the prosecco pop (a popsicle dropped in my champs), and then the special negroni for negroni week (who knew that was a thing). All we're good...the happy hour bubbles taking the cake.
The only snacks we tried were the pommes frites and the complimentary popcorn with olive oil and black pepper...to which we wondered why we had never tried that?! Fries were fine.
We came, we saw, we enjoyed...will go back for special events and with a select few champs lovers...but won't be a regular spot for us.I'm so glad I found this place on Yelp! Effervescence is the ideal spot for a girls night or a date night - the ambiance inside is so cute and who can not love endless bubbly options?!! They also have bubbly flights which I would recommend - even the half pours are a good amount! The owners were also walking around and talking to the customers which I thought was really cool. Not to mention, they were both super nice and wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves! I wish I had a place like this back home, but when I'm in New Orleans again, I will definitely be back at Effervescence!Fun champagne bar!  My friends and I enjoyed a bottle or two of Lallier. Delicious!  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable. The French fries with rosemary aioli and our champagne was the best!  Vary wide menu of wines and bubbles at all price points. I highly recommended stopping by!Can here with my friend before the Luke Bryan concert. What a great experience! We had the champagne taster which was 6 glasses of champagne. Not full pours, but still! We then had the smoked fish dip. They lost the star because of the naked fish skins. Those tasted so fishy we still joke about how bad it was. We had the grilled octopus as well. It was done perfectly but I'm just not a fan. It's chewy where the octopus is larger and then the ending tentacles had a smoky, burnt taste.What's not to love about a champagne bar when you love champagne?! The thing I like most about Effervescence is that it is not pretentious like some champagne or wine bars can be. The owner is super nice and willing to engage with patrons. I like when owners interact with you because you always end up learning something and it's just nice to get to know some of the background stories. The champs cocktails are where it's at. It's also fun to get a flight so you can try different types of bubbly. The servers are also super cool and will gladly keep bringing you bubbles all night or all day long. 
The atmosphere is very open yet cozy. They have plenty of places to sit so my group has never had a problem finding an area to sip and chat. They have some bar bites if you are feeling snacky. We loved the complimentary savory popcorn we got at our last visit. It's definitely a girl place with the ratio being 10 to 1. Girls dig bubbles so that may not come as a surprise to you. I know me and my gals always enjoy a visit to Effervescence. Probably not a place my husband would enjoy as much. 
Price wise, its a little on the higher end. But if you've ever experienced a hangover from cheap champagne you know its worth it to spring for a decent pour.Such a cute place! Great snacks and amazing drinks! Great place for date night or girls night out!I've been wanting to stop in to Effervescence for awhile and finally got the chance yesterday amid Mardi Gras celebrations!  They had a special Mardi Gras menu that was delightful!  We tried several things but my favorite was the Caviar Galette de Rois with a side of champagne  It was the perfect end to all of the Mardi Gras indulgence!  I did make a reservation and was glad that I did because it got BUSY!!!  Our server, Ashley, was amazing!  She was spot on with our questions, orders, etc!  She was also really accommodating when we asked to add 2 additional people to our table.  I can't wait to stop back by and try out a flight!Stop by in October of last year. It was beautiful inside, clean and amazing A/C. The wait staff was kind, funny, and very knowledgable. The popcorn for the table was super yummy and the pours of Champagne were generous.   Very very very lovely place.   Will be back :)I was recommended this place by a local when I was visiting and let me say it was the highlight of my trip. The place is so pretty and the service was amazing but what was even better was the bites and bubbly. All amazing. Everything I tasted was amazing EVERYTHING. Just go. Try everything. If you love champs you will love this place. If you love great eats you will love this place. There is nothing not to love. We sat there for three hours just indulging and I didn't want to leave. I don't visit New Orleans much however any time I do moving forward this place will be my first stop.I'm of the opinion that wine is best drank at home and the word "class" is best limited to academics, but Effervescence is pure class and the perfect place to enjoy a glass...or bottle...or magnum...of champagne plucked from their tricked-out 38-page list. I heart the magnum Wednesdays, the movie nights in the courtyard, and the friendly and knowledgeable owners and staff. Geaux!This place is amazing!!! If you love food, different flavors and a classy environment you need to come here!  They have an awesome selection of champagne and Bradley, our waiter was awesome!  Foodie from Atlanta...traveler!This place is very bougie, but very nice. Great complimentary popcorn. You will spend a $, however the selection of wine is top notch. On Rampart but not touristy.I was here for an event during the week. The bar staff continuously tried to dodge acknowledging our presence by avoiding eye contact. Simple questions about contents of happy hour specials were met with inarticulate evasion. And this was for a charity event where donations were being sought. Needless to say, we left after paying for one drink without contributing to the cause.Such a lovely place! Drinks and small bites are delicious and we'll be coming back for my future sister in law's bachelorette party. Champagne or sparkling flights are amazing and everything you eat is delightful!!Walking home from our cemetery tour we needed a quick refresher. We stumbled in and luckily hit happy hour. Edward the manager was outstanding, our server was not. Cool ambiance, very chic.
Happy hour bubbles for $5. Great warm brie app
Recommended
SlainteWe came here because of the great Yelp reviews, and our hotel was a block away. We came in on a Wednesday night for dinner, and the place had two other patrons. Ok so Wednesday is slow. They were showing a movie in the back patio which was cool. The place was cute.
Our server was NOT knowledgeable, attentive or very friendly. I think she just wanted to go home because the place was so dead. This place took "tapas" to a whole different (smaller) level! The portions were SO tiny you can seriously take two bites and be done with the plate. And each plate was around $10. So not worth it. And food wasn't even good. 
You really have to LOVE champagne to come here I guess. That's probably the only decent thing on the menu. Besides a flight of champagne, I also ordered a cocktail. They put champagne in my cocktail and ruined it!! 
We left $150 poorer and still hungry. Save your money and go to Peche for dinner!Had never been to Effervescence for food, but came for a birthday/girls brunch and would highly recommend for such things or date nights. It is so swanky inside, and really does feel Parisian with the decor. While it is a little expensive I think the experience makes it worth it. Service was very attentive and friendly. The brunch bites that they have on the menu were great. There was 6 of us and we decided to eat family style so that we could try a bit of everything. I would highly recommend the half wheel of cheese with the toast soldiers. I don't think I want to know what is involved in getting the bread to taste like that, but dang they are so good. We had a wonderful time and will definitely return.Champagne and popsicles from Effervescence made Mardi Gras day more magical than ever!
They've been having some soft openings, which I sadly did not attend, as well as some preview dates during Mardi Gras weekend. I've been so excited about them opening and when I heard they'd be open on Mardi Gras Day, we hit up this place not once, but twice in one day (and we were not even hanging out in this neighborhood!)
The environs is simply gorgeous! It's a wide-open space (renovated Creole Cottage) with super high ceilings. I can't wait to go back at night but it's lit well during the day via chandeliers and natural light from the front windows and there's plenty of seating. I spied a little patio in the back. One might feel like royalty while sitting back and sipping a glass or five of Champagne in this sweet spot. I may be just your average peasant, but Effervescence puts me in a Queenly state of mind!
Limited menu of wines, the "Champagne of beer," Bloody Mary and French 75 plus popcorn on Mardi Gras, but I'll be checking back to see more about their small plates. Just a bit of a plea to have a couple vegan options...
I can't wait to be a regular here. I have a feeling it's my new favorite place!The food here was absolutely delicious and high-quality. We also enjoyed the live music and friendly staff. Can't wait to visit again.Escape the tourist drunkenness and have an adult upscale experience. Outstanding food. Fantastic champagne selection. Great polite and knowledgable wait /bar staff. Would recommend to go for some champagne tasting flight and pick several faves from the menue to share.I respect my position in life!! 
I am a hot mom, who find's out about new spots before anyone else. Nah Nah Nee BooBoo!! 
I really enjoyed my date with the hubby here. It is a pleasant champagne & bubbles bar. It's very important for us to shop local, so this was right on time. 
The service was ok! We will give it another round before we know for sure. ADORN, The POPCORN....so fresh!!! The popsicle prosecs were delightful. They brought the spunk out in me.. TVs, Champagne on the rocks, convenient location, ehhhhh parking, wonderful atmosphere. 
Toodles to the politically correct talk..Now the 7th ward about to come out in me. Say!!! That chicken smelled off the chain. Can't wait to try it next time. 
Date night part deaux!!!Visited this establishment for the first time tonight with my wife. Ryan took very good care of us in the courtyard. This was our first stop before dinner for their happy hour. We had a aperol sprtitz and a few apps. What a great time we had! It's a must go to.Champagne selections probably the best I've ever seen and the restaurant is beautiful the server was wonderful knew what he was talking about a lot of the champagnes because he taste everyone of them the pomme frites are great a must have.   I will be backThis is one of my favorite restaurants/bars in New Orleans. The place is absolutely beautiful and if you like champagne like me, then this is a must to visit while in town. The small plates are actually amazing too.Drumroll please....I am pleased to don my 100th review to the best champagne bar I've ever had the pleasure of gracing. I manage to learn something new each and every time I visit Effervescence. If you can brave the French Quarter parking, your experience is totally worth it. I also suggest taking an Uber or Lyft because well.... the champs is just that d@mn good. I've been here in several settings from intimate chats with the bestie at the bar, to loud and rambunctious stress relief nights with friends. Effervescence staff can handle any type of customers from the completely ignorant, to "i only like sweet", to the fake sommeliers...I've seen it all come through and the staff handles it with such grace and poise. The decor is quite modern and chic. Don't expect to see fleur-de-lis  plastered all over the walls. Go, enjoy, sip, and make sure you have to time to soak in the experience. This isn't a "I'm going to run in for a quick drink" bar. You'll totally regret it. And btw I totally stole their bar tab presented in champagne corks idea for my wedding. I got married on NYE and we used champagne corks to hold the name cards at the tables.WOW. The food here is so fresh, local, unique, delicious!!!  Our wait staff Ryan was so helpful and fun and kind. The wine and drinks here outstanding. It's the outer edge of the French Quarter so not as well known. COME HERE!!!