Stopped in for lunch with a companion on a whim. I had heard mixed reviews so my expectations were low. We had the Chile Rellenos and Ropa Vieja from the lunch menu. Not authentic, IMHO, but tasty, quick, hot and great service. I would go again.Ate lunch here today with some family and it was pretty good. I loved the little bean dip that they bring out with the salsa. Nice touch since you do not usually get bean dip for free anymore. I ordered the grilled chicken chimichanga which was okay. Nothing special about it. The sides of rice and beans were pretty good though. My aunt ordered the taco salad and loved it. My mawmaw ordered the chile relleno (spelling?) and ate everything, which is a feat for her since she doesn't eat much. We ordered the flan for dessert. It was so. Dang. Good. Bathrooms were really clean. Everyone was really nice and they were very accommodating for my baby. Overall, we had a good lunch experience!Went back today (yes, I am a piggie. oink. oink!) to see if EVERYTHANG there was oversalted. I caroused the menu and was in the mood for chicken but didn't see any combos that suited my needs because they were mostly beef. I asked the waitress if I could substitute beef for chicken and she told me no substitutions. Huh. Weird. Anyways she recommended the chimichanga. 
Bean Dip- got it warm today which made a big difference. Didn't taste as salty and had an aftertaste of pork (pork? am I right?!). 
Chimichanga Combo- I saw that a reviewer mentioned that his portion was small which is unfortunate because I wasn't able to eat all of mine. I guess the portion size would be relative to how much you can shovel down LOL. The chicken was grilled, had faint grill marks and flavor. Nothing extremely bomb-tastic but still enjoyable.I liked how crunchy the shell was on the outside. Came with Spanish Rice, Refried Beans, and Guacamole Salad (Guac, Lettuce, Tomato). Best of all it wasn't salty, HUZZAH! (Like seriously who dumped all of that salt in yesterdays food? I certainly hope they figure out what works, nobody wants an unpredictable meal.)
While the food here (besides the guacamole and bean dip) isn't bragging material the service is where this establishment excels. I have had two phenomenal servers in a row HOWEVER I'm not knocking anybody elses experience. It IS opening week and service is almost always spotty during such times. The food is average Tex-Mex I'd rate it around 3 stars but the service bumps it all up to 4. Both of my waiters were attentive and courteous. The server from yesterday was the perfect of example of how I expect to be treated every time I go to a sit down restaurant. Random server guy from yesterday, YOU DA BEST! 
Hope to be back for MAR-GA-RITAAAAAS! ~salsa dances~WHOO HOO! After months of waiting this place is finally open! I was seated and the waiter automatically flipped the menu to the lunch side (so smart!). I just got off of work and didn't feel like reading through the extensive menu so I just ordered El Paso's Favorito hoping it became Reyna's Favorito. 
Out came the free chips, salsa, and black bean dip. 
-The salsa was just hot enough to satisfy me and tame enough so that most people would find it palatable. I like everything to be scorching hot but I understand they have to cater to EVERYBODY lol. 
-The Black Bean Dip was salty...but it was a good salty that I couldn't stop om nom noming . Spent most of the meal trying to squeeze one more chip into my tummy.
- Ordered Queso as an afterthought. I thought the queso would be a nacho base but it was actually queso blanco. YUMMO! Will be back if not only for this.
By the time the actual meal came I had completely forgotten what I had ordered. Not a time thing I was just totally tired. The waiter said #1 Combo? I was like suuuure I'll take that food, not sure if this is for someone else but I'll take it anyways LOL. 
Burrito- Started off with this and while it was cooked to perfection it was salty. I'm not sure if it's just me because if you read my other reviews I'm not a fan of salty food. Waiting to see what my brother thinks about it. 
Beef Taco- Had no room left, had to bring home.
Enchilada- So while I was trying to figure out what was salty in the stuff I ordered it didn't hit me till I tried this. The beef was was way over salted but still edible. They say that they make things fresh so maybe this was a fluke.
Chalupa- FRESH, delicious! Came with refried beans, lettuce, cheese, and the best guacamole I've ever had.
Who can live without dessert? This fattie can't! :D 
Fried Ice Cream: Fell in love with at the first bite. It wasn't what I expected but it was quite delicious. I expected just a scoop of ice cream deep fried so that the outside was warm and the inside was cold. What I got was a HUGE scoop of vanilla (vanilla bean?) ice cream with this indescribable crust served in a crispy sugared shell topped off with whipped cream, chocolate syrup, with a cherry on top. 
All in all a good experience, the service was superb! I don't remember my servers name and it appears that my mom threw my receipt away but his level of customer service towards me and other tables was exemplary. Wish they had nametags but hey they just opened. I plan to come back on a different day and see if the beef is still too salty and maybe try chicken or shrimp.Other than atmosphere, I have to give this place five stars!  My husband and I were there on opening night, actually expecting a disaster!  But, everything was superb!  We were greeted immediately, and pleasantly, loved the Mariachi Band!   It seemed we had several servers--lots of attention.  The chips, salsa and bean dip were perfect.  The cheese chili relleno, pork tamal and chicken enchiladas also were perfect.  In fact, the chili relleno was probably the best I've ever had, and I order them any time they're on a menu.  The mango margarita, and strawberry margarita were delicious, generous and, by no means, skimpy on the tequila.  In fact, they were so good, we felt the alcohol after just one medium.   We ordered them again when we went back four days later.  
Everything was so perfect, we brought a group the next time.  Again, flawless!  A guy named Rinzo was our waiter, again--very professional and personable.  At our table, we had fajitas ( beef, chicken, and shrimp)--my mouth waters at the thought!  We had shredded beef chimichanga, taco,  enchilada, chalupa...  We each had margaritas, mango, strawberry, and regular.  Not one person in our group of eight had a single complaint--I call that amazing!  Every single one of us can't wait to go back to El Paso.   I could eat here every day!The Hatfield's vs McCoys. Aaron Burr vs Alexander Hamilton. El Paso vs La Provedencia. These are legendary American rivalries. The last rivalry still rages today on the streets and in stomachs and minds of those of us looking for the best Mexican restaurant on the West Bank. La Provedencia can stand proud behind its hot salsa, but it's simply standing on the shoulders of the giant that is El Paso's queso dip.  It's a must have. I am today's life guard and I recommend you fully jump in head-first into a Speedy Gonzales or fijatas lunch combo. And come on with that bean dip! 5 stars all day.I've been to this place on 3 occasions and each time I had a pretty enjoyable experience. The staff is pretty friendly, the food came out quickly and was so delicious. We couldn't eat it fast enough. My last visit, there was a live band playing and couples dancing in the middle of the restaurant having a nice time.  It also wasn't overly packed with people and it was a Saturday night. The only negative thing I have to say actually came from my boyfriend, who told me that the men's restroom was disgusting. I went into the women's bathroom myself and it definitely could have been cleaner. Other than a little negligence on the cleanliness of the restrooms, everything else was good. We enjoyed ourselves with a good time, good music and good food.Ok, came back again I'm craving tacos real tacos not that garbage TB offers..... So I sit at the bar and the bartender tells me the small Margaritas  are $2.99 until 7pm its 6:55.....now my plan was to just get a few tacos and head home and watch Empire and the Warriors  vs Clippers  (love Chris Paul) so 1 small Strawberry Margaritas and a order of beef tacos. Very pleased...We have been to this restaurant twice. The food is great and the service has been excellent!  We highly recommend if you like Mexican food it is worth the trip. A&CI love El Paso! It was open for a while before I tried it, but rolled in one day and amazed! Finally giving it a review after 5 trips here.  The food is excellent!  One of the best Mexican restaurants I've eaten at (Especially local). I love coming here on Taco Tuesday.  2 dollar tacos,  3 dollar margaritas,  you can't beat the food, atmosphere, and service.  Very friendly and polite staff.  I wish I could give it more stars.The food was really good! I liked how the chips weren't all greasy like chilly's. my husband had the fajitas and the shrimps were cooked really good! It was really nice inside.To start, it took 20 minutes for the waiter to take our order. Party of 9, and he walked past several times without an inquiry. 
Second, drinks took forever to get to us after the first round. I'm talking about iced margaritas, bottled beer, and water refills. 
Third, food was quick, but we had issues. Two of us were missing the side salads and one meal was missing completely and a chef had to make it and deliver it. Tortillas for the fajitas had to be returned for being burnt. Even forgot the extra charged sides. I never received all of my order and they still tried to charge me for it. 
Also, check your drink glasses. One of the guys ordered a beer and not only did it smell like oil, but you could see the oil on the glass itself. Mmmmmm..... NOT! 
The food wasn't anything to write home about. Come to New Orleans for creole, not for Mexican. 
I got better service from the bus girl who took the initiative to clear out our menus and chip bowls!If I could give zero stars I would!! Horrible services. Went with another couple for dinner and the waitress forgot our order and kept coming back to the table to ask us what we ordered. Food finally comes and my burrito was ice cold and my boyfriends chili relleno was cold too. Also the couple we were with never got there food and when we asked for the manager to tell him he brought out what we thought was there's---which was wrong. Finally got it right and it was cold. Nothing was comped. No one apologized. Never will go back there.First visit. Not disappointed. My wife's Herradora margarita was excellent. We had the el Pastor fajitas was very good and easily enough for two. The nachos loco were also excellent and more than one person can eat. Service was excellent. Ask for Nataliya.It's been a few months since I been back here, today had to be my lucky day.  After a morning of fishing, or the lack of catching, we went in here for lunch.  Our orders consisted of a vegtable plate, vegtable quesadilla, a burrito, and carne asada.  Of course I had the Carne Asada, and it was outstanding, it was ordered medium well, but was still juicy, flavorful, and the portion size was amazing.  Our waitress was Jarlin, I beleive, and she was amazing!  I definitely have to put El Paso back on my weekly rotation!Fast, Friendly Service. Good tasting food. Portions where great for the money. Restaurant was a little cold for the Wife, so bring a sweater for the ladies.We ate at the el paso in gonzales, if you can call it that . The service was good but the foid was simply horrible! It lacked any taste the pork chop dinner was under seasoned and pork chops were just very thin breakfast chops  for $15.99. I had the enchilada dinner absolutely no taste and the enchiladas were hard . I have never left my leftovers at a restaurant but not worth the calories.Tasty salsa and black bean dip and fresh tostadas to start the meal. My wife had chile rellanos that came with some very tasty borracho beans. I had beef enchiladas. The enchiladas and accoutrements covered a square foot plate. The meat was smoky with cacique cheese. 
It was a slow night, so the waitress was in more of a hurry than we were but she was very nice and turned down the a/c when we got cold.  Entrees were served in less than 10 minutes. 
The menu has a lot of items. It could have been laid out more logically but no complaints. Prices were very good-fajitas for two were $30 which is good these days. Entrees were $12-14. Portions were large and not spicy, if that worries you. 
We will be back.Although, I do not recommend the restaurant, the Flan earns a star and the waiter was attentive and apologetic, so that earned a star. The food was bland and tasted like eating cardboard. I had the combo tamale, enchilada, and taco. The tamale was dry and had too much cornmeal. The enchilada had no flavor not even in the sauce. Tacos have better flavor at Taco Bell. The food arrived very quickly. So quickly, that it was clear it was frozen food reheated in the microwave. Mexican TV diners are better. Overall, food was flavorless but the flan was fabulous. It's a shame Algiers can get the good restaurants it deserves. If your looking for good Mexican food keep looking.We went out to eat the second day it was open. We knew there would be some hiccups since it was so close to the opening. Food people, like tom Fitzmorris on the food show, always says to wait a couple of months before going to a new restaurant, but some friends and my family went to try it anyway. We had a party of 7 adults and 5 children, all under 5. After they got over the confusion of trying to find out We quickly got chips and salsa and bean dip. The waitress seed to not know the menu very well, since they had over 100 different items, and asked for us to give her the number of each item. They replaced our chips and water frequently and the order came out promptly. The fajitas were the item I got. They were very good. Much better than the other restaurants on the Westbank. The waitress was also confused when we asked I'd she could split the check between the different families. No food issues at all only poorly trained wait staff issues.  Everyone at our table was pleased with the food.. We are going back again today. I expect the service hiccups to be a little better today. Will rereview after going tonight.  Would have been 4 stars if not for the service issues. 
We went again five days after the first time. Fajitas were good again. Everyone was pleased with their meals except for one that got the chilli relleno. He said it had too much batter and bit enough filling. 
Service was slow for chips and water refills again. 
The manager asked when we left how it was and said that she wanted our  honest opinion so she can make it better. That was a very good sign. Up one star for trying to get better and still much better mexican food than anywhere else in the area. I will bring it back to 3 stars if the service isn't better next time I go.Food is average cheap Mexican. Incredibly rude service twice now. Tried calling a $50+ take out order and was continuously cutoff and talked down too. Cancelled the order. I recommend that 50 other Mexican restaurants nearby. Waste of money for mediocre food and service.1st the Margaritas are awesome.... I happened to drop in on a Wednesday and the Mariachi band was/is Great.... I ordered the queso and chips to start (nice and hot with fresh chips)..... Entree was the Fajitas (trio) tender and tasty...service was/is great and attentive.... Overall being a Tex-Mex and being in NOLA I'm giving them 4 stars... Algiers needed this something different so please have an open mind.... Welcome to Algiers I'll be back especially for the Mango Margaritas.......Went there friday 4/17/15 ordered to go from the bar, the bartender was very slow in getting our order, but that was to be expected becuse it was very busy and crowded. It took a long time to get my order, after an hour I finally got it and paid for it with my credit card. Food was really good when I got home. But when I looked at my  credit card account the bartender added his own gratuity after I already paid and left! I went back the next day and asked for the manager and guess who comes up? The crook bartender from the night before, I got my money back after showing him what happened and of course he played dumb! Anyone going to this place carefully check your recipt or use cash!!!!I sure had my droughts about eating at a new restaurant but was willing to give it a try? The food was served hot, and timely.
But tasted bland with little or no real flavor.
This was definitely not made fresh in house. My server was friendly, and knowledgeable. But I was NOT sold on this place. If your looking for good Mexican food that is made right, and made fresh in house with fast friendly service then go to Los Panchos in Terry town.Stopped by for fathers dat. Sat at the bar since I was alone. I ordered my food at 6:30. I was preoccupied with my phone when I noticed a hour has passed by. I then see a young lady picking up her to go food. She stated she had been there 20 mins and ordered when she got there. She received a huge order of food to go. I ask why my food is taking so long and they finally bring it out. I only ordered Fajitas. I asked for some salsa and was given a salsa container that was already used by another customer. I can see other people receiving fresh salsa containers at their table. I wouldn't go back simply due to the service. The food was fine but it wasn't crowded enough for a hour long wait.I have been waiting for this place to opening since they took Bennigans place. My sister's family and I went after about a couple of weeks open. I have been to actual Mexican food restaurants in the past so any restaurant that claims to be Mexican has been  compared to a higher standard. 
First of all, the service was good and they were very attentive. I was pleased with chips and salsa and bean dip. My niece, who is not a big eater, ate all of the bean dip. It was very good. Second, I ordered the tortilla soup. It was tasty but it could have been hotter. My sister said the same thing so it wasn't just mine. I ordered  the tamales, they were okay but I honestly have had better. 
I am willing to try it again because they just opened. Considering it's Mexican tex-mex, not bad. Try it for yourself and see what you think.I would say that the exterior and interior are of the standard, sit-down, chain Mexican restaurant, and I will say that their service was very good and fast. Chips & salsa are complimentary. I ordered the Lunch Special No. 9 (Beef Taco, Chili Relleno, Guacamole Salad, & Refried Beans). Well, the salad was fresh & tasty, and the food was really good and dang hot. I would recommend this place, and I would certainly revisit it. RJTWe've been 3 or 4 times now and its been great each time.  They bring out chips, salsa and beans for free that are delicious.  We keep getting the same entrees because we love them so much - we have tried the burritos and the enchiladas both were excellent - I really really love the enchiladas alcarbon - so much cheese and meat!! Yummy!We went here as part of a group of about 20 with reservations. It took more than an hour for anyone to take our orders. In fact, we couldn't even get anyone to look our way. Finally, after stopping several waiters, someone took our orders. The lunch was good when it finally came, but no one refilled our tea or asked if we needed anything. We had gone here for several years for similar events and had good service. I don't know what has happened here.The food and service was excellent. I'm happy that I don't totally depend on reviews cause I would have missed out on some delicious food. Sometime u have to taste it for yourself. If you ever stop by ask for Tatiana her service was excellent.There are TWO very DIFFERENT West Bank restaurants named "El Paso".  Many of the pics and reviews on here look like they should go with the other one, not the one at this address !
This is a larger Tex-Mex place, good atmosphere, decent food, easy parking, good music.
IDK what some think is "authentic"; but I spent years in Corpus Christi, Brownsville, & Austin; and find it OK.  My co-worker and his Wife, from Merida Yucatan, lived 45 years in Mexico City, love it.  My Wife, a Mex-Am from Corpus, likes it too.
The other, on Lafayette, where it turns into Belle Chase Hwy, is tiny, has REAL "Norteno" type Mex comidas/bebidas; like menudo, posole, carnitas, caldo, Topo Chico, etc.  
Both restaurants are very good, compared to local competitors.  We frequent both.  The smaller one is often inexplicably closed w/o warning, at times.
SINCE THE PHONE # IS NOT PROVIDED, IT IS 504-309-8833.  I JUST SPOKE WITH THEM ON THAT NUMBER, BUT "YELP" WON'T LET ME ADD IT TO INFO.Sub standard Tex-Mex. The fish tacos were utterly tasteless. The salsa and guacamole were as fast food as it gets- no flavor, no particularly special quality. This is chain food with no creativity. Service was slow, though servers were kind. I will not be coming back.We used to frequent an El Paso (different chain) in Virginia and had high hopes for a restaurant with the same name in Louisiana.  This El Paso was on par or exceeded our expectations!  I was impressed with the customer service and the food was DELICIOUS!  Whenever I go to eat with my husband, he usually has at least one negative comment regarding the customer service, the food, or both.  He loved his dish and is looking forward to going there on date night(s) without our kids.  Usually when I get vegetables at most restaurants, the taste is somewhat bland.  The vegetables I had at El Paso had flavor and were cooked perfectly.  I look forward to going to El Paso again in the near future!Shrimp or ribs... These guys do two things really well! The rib racks are always huge and delicious and any dish and every dish we've had here with cooked or grilled shrimp is amazing.Average Mexican restaurant. Complimentary salsa and bean dip nice touch. Steak and chicken fajitas were good, although chicken strips were not sliced thin. Flavor was good. Shrimp fajitas were good. Service good. Not too crowded inside when we went. Margaritas were good. I would go back.Food is decent, cool patio, amazing server Hillary and a good manager! But an owner that comes out and gives patrons attitude because the kitchen messed up an order? Wow... owner, take a step back.. you'll get through the opening if you let your crew do their magic... I've never got attitude or drama from an owner. Wowza.. I'm only giving you two stars because ownership is no bueno...I love their margaritas! Very friendly staff also. Kennedy is awesome! They have the TVs at the bar for those that like sports.We came here for happy hour on wednesday, and stayed for the live mariachi music. food was delicious, portions generous. order the fajitas for two! it includes shrimp, chicken, smoked sauage and beef in smoky flavorful juices along with tortillas for both and a plate of sides for both people.  We stuffed ourselves then had lunch for two for the next day!I've been back about 6 times since this review and each time I've gotten either the fajitas or steak taco salad (what can I say, when I find something I like I stick with it!) and each time it's been great! The food comes out very fast as well. Lime frozen margaritas are great and strong. Yes, it's a chain restaurant but it has surprisingly exceeded my expectations. I'm glad we have this place nearby!Excellent fajitas (perfectly cooked steak and big chunks of veggies)...guacamole and sour cream was included,not extra, which I appreciated and is not typical. The customary chips and salsa that you receive when you sit down also came with warm bean dip which was a welcome surprise and delicious! As far as the poor reviews posted below shortly after opening, I think management is taking the criticism into account and is working out the kinks because my experience was very positive. I would have liked my frozen margarita to be a little thicker consistency, but other than that it was very good. Welcome to Algiers, El Paso! Hasta Luego! :)My husband and I have this place a shot and we will not be back. After a renovation your building shouldn't look like it still needs one, the restrooms are suspect and wood chipping on the booths, maybe it's the vintage look. I think it was our servers first time doing this, it took 20 minutes to get drinks and a cup of queso.He kept messing up our drink order.  Then our food came out wrong and the server blamed it on us! The food tasted good, nothing to write home about. We didn't have the excessive salt problem.  Also we should not see management yelling at the servers although they deserved it. They have a lot of work to do.Another chain with terrible food and crapy service.  Got nacho loco and it came with a small tablespoon of guacamole no real cheese. Drinks are over priced and watered down.The only item I really love from here are the fajitas. They are cooked to perfection each and every time. This time I had the steak and shrimp fajitas, which were phenomenal as always and I also had the beef nachos. Something has changed about the nachos, because they weren't as delicious as I remembered. They use way less cheese now and the meat was really spicy and salty. The cheese also seemed different from when they first opened. Hubby tried the enchiladas on a previous visit and really disliked them. He wished he would've gotten the fajitas, which in my opinion, is their star of the show. 
There was a really hard piece of stem? (almost cork like) in my guacamole. I showed the waitress and she apologized. I let it slide but it really made me side eye their kitchen cleanliness. 
I used to really love the free chips, salsa, and bean dip until they started watering down the bean dip. It used to be thick, creamy, and really good. Now it's just a runny, soupy mess. I figure this is a cost cutting move since it's basically a free appetizer. In my eyes it ruined your reputation a little. I'd rather pay more and have it the way it was than a watered down version. 
I've noticed that they've cut back on the portion sizes for the fajitas too. They used to give way more meat. Now it's more veggies, and less meat. Still fulfilling and I always have leftovers.Hoping that they had ironed out the issues from when it first opened, we decided to stop in and eat here again. Next time I do that, I give you all permission to slap the crap out of me.
The Girly ordered 3 tacos again and they came out looking like a salad. It was like they just threw the toppings on without looking. Actually, it might be exactly that because one of her tacos didn't even have cheese. The tomatoes were...creamy (like a day away from changing to black color type of creamy) so while her plate was 3 small tacos and an entire salad of toppings (Minus cheese), she didn't eat it and I can't say I blame her. It didn't help that the wall she was facing has a Jackson Pollock-esque nacho cheese patterned stain.
My beef chimichanga (man I wish i would have re-read my last review before coming back) was again, tiny and salty. Still wasn't able to eat the whole thing due to them just LAYING on with the salt. Not much meat and what was there went back and forth between old canned stew mushy to beef jerky tough. I got over half but had to stop. The salad that the waitress asked if I wanted was not with the plate. Guess that's a good thing after seeing the Girly's
When the food arrived, I asked the guy who brought it for some hot sauce. He said, "Ok, hot salsa". I explained I didn't want salsa, I wanted hot sauce...Never saw him again. I mean at all. Don't know if he went off shift or took a break, but he never showed back up at all...but I finally got up and flagged down a waitress after 10 minutes of waiting for him. 
Like last time, our food arrived REALLY fast, like 2-5 minutes after ordering.  Microwaved, sloppily plated and missing things.
This has to go on my list of places I wouldn't go back to even if you paid me.
Sorry, but I tried. Or rather, sorry that I tried.I tried it for the first time after reading all the negative reviews about excessive salt, poor service, and unfriendly/unapologetic management, etc. 
I'm happy to report that my experience was very contrary to all of that. The Fajitas were appropriately seasoned, and very good all around. I am sure many of the issues in previous reviews are mostly the result of a very green staff that is still learning the ropes. 
I can't quite put this place on the level of Velvet Cactus just yet (but I would if they were to add low-sugar frozen Margaritas!). I would put it on par with El Mesquite. 
Based on my first experience there, I will definitely be back and I could see it becoming one of my go-to casual dining options.omg the food is horrible,  the service is in need of help. i would rate this resturant as a low number two. please be caution when dinning at this resturant you will be disappointed.Tex-Mex on the Westbank of New Orleans. There's not much one can say. The restaurant inhabited the building of an old local chain that I hadn't been inside of in at least 12 years. The bathrooms haven't changed since the old place. The decor outside of the building is a joyful Mexican welcome while the inside didn't carry over that charm. Chips and salsa along with bean dip were free, and they were presented at our table shortly after our arrival. I was kind of in love with the bean dip. The menu was vast and I narrowed it down to an item from the al a carte section. The enchilada burrito was good but the sauce tasted about like one would find in a grocery store bought can. I also ordered a peach margarita. The server asked if I wanted salt. I said no. It was brought with salt. My friend suggested a language barrier, but "no" is a standard universal word. She also ordered wheat tortillas for her fajitas. She got flour instead. A band played while we ate. A tad loud but drowned the unsettling grunts from the Saints on TV. 
All in all, the food was cheap; the drinks were mid-range. When in Algiers and the craving for Tex-Mex strikes, it's comparable to any on the Westbank.It's been about a year and a half since my first review for El Paso in Algiers.  At that time, I was not impressed by what they had to offer.  Sure, the margaritas were super strong and our waitress, though still learning the menu, was super nice and more than happy to answer any question that we had.  The food, though?  Bland.  
In the time since my first visit, El Paso seems to have worked out the kinks.  Not only is it my go-to place for great Tex-Mex, but when I go to other Mexican restaurants, I often find myself thinking, "I wish I would have gone to El Paso instead."
The frozen margaritas are still fantastic!  Their consistency is perfect every time and they are still as strong as ever.  I still have yet to find another Mexican restaurant in the New Orleans area that makes their drinks as good on a regular basis.
The biggest improvement is the quality of the food.  My usual is the Fajita Trio with chicken, steak and shrimp with whole wheat tortillas.  The fajitas always arrive at the table extremely fast, as in within less than five minutes of ordering.  The tortillas are always super fresh, too.  The portions are huge as well, with the hot plate heaped with meats and veggies.  
El Paso also does weekly specials now, as well.  The medium (27oz) margaritas are discounted on Thursday nights, for example.  Thursday through Sunday, they also have live music, and on my last Friday night visit turned into and all-out party that had the diners dancing in the middle of the restaurant!
The place is still not doing anything creative with Tex-Mex fare, but sometimes that's okay.  Sometimes all I want is just the basics, no frills, nothing adventurous...just a warm tortilla filled with delicious fixings to comfort and satisfy.  If you're in the Algiers area and looking for a great place to sit down and have great food and a frosty beverage with a whole lot of "OLE!" mixed in, El Paso can't be beat!I'm in love with their fajitas and their service was excellent and they were quick with getting my food. I tried the churros and the banana desert and they were a little to rich for me. I still need to try more of their menu. I plan on trying their 2$ taco Tuesday. I'll expand on my review after thatI have always said that the Algiers area needs more sit-down restaurants, and I was super sad when our Bennigan's location closed after Hurricane Gustav swept through town.  So, you can imagine my excitement when I learned that the building that was left behind for over five years was being turned into a Mexican joint.
The place has only been open about two weeks, so the wait staff is still learning the menu, but our waitress was super helpful and was more than willing to answer our questions regarding the menu items.
The good news is that the frozen margaritas are fantastic.  Super strong!  At the moment they do not have any sort of drink specials or happy hour.  Hopefully that will come later.  I would also be interested in going back to try their other margarita flavors, particularly the guava and passion fruit (though at any Mexican place I always default back to the traditional lime.)
Now to the main event: the food.  What's awesome is that not only do you get the usual chips and salsa but they also give you bean dip, which was tasty.  The salsa can stand to be spicier and chunkier, but that's just a personal preference.  For my entree I ordered the fish tacos with tortilla soup.  The soup consisted of broth, tortilla strips and avocado pieces.  No chicken or other sort of meat.  So, yeah, I've have better soup elsewhere.  The tacos were packed with fish and topped with lettuce, cheese and tomatoes but could have used a lot more seasoning.
Overall, I found the food to be bland, but the margaritas were great.  If you're looking for great, innovative Mexican cuisine, eh, go elsewhere.  If you are looking for a nice place to relax, grab a drink and nosh on some chips and salsa close to home in the Algiers area, then this is a decent place to go.This place was no bueno. My order was wrong. The food had a weird taste. This was the chile rellenos with "steak" but I think the meat was bad. It tasted old or something and was really tough and chewy. I would not recommend.Nice, close location for a quick bite and Margarita. I love the DJ and especially the days with the live band. If you Bachata, Meringue or Salsa, you can hop up and dance beside your table  (trust me, I've done it!) Love the chicken nachos, everything else is good enough for me, maybe because I'm so in to the music! Definitely not the best Mexican I've had, but not the worst.Live very close to this location. I love having a Mexican restaurant in Algiers. Food is pretty good! But nothing to write home about. Service is usually great. Margaritas and really good.I've been coming to this restaurant my entire life.
Readers: But John, El Paso hasn't been open that long. 
Me: No kidding Broseph. This used to be a Benngan's. As a kid, Bennigan's was the epitome of Algiers fine dining. 
Readers: Enough sentimental nonsense dude, get on with the review. 
Me: Roger that!
I ended up at this location of El Paso after a work meeting. I stopped making recommendations for lunch after meetings a long time ago. I realized most folks in my field don't want adventurous eating, so I leave them to decide. On this occasion, they picked El Paso.
Walking in I was immediately reminded of family dinners here and that put a smile on my face. That trend continued with fast, friendly service, and surprisingly good food.
For my meal I ordered their combination chicken and shrimp fajitas. This dish is pretty simple, but lots of places screw it up. Here they not only didn't screw it up, the meats were seasoned and cooked perfectly. Both meats were also tender which is another problem at many other Mexican joints. Another plus for El Paso was that the veggies that accompanied the meats weren't darn near raw. I hate raw veggies.
All in all this was a pretty good experience.Customer Service is non existent.  When you have a problem they pretend to not understand what you are saying.So, my family and I have been fairly regular patrons of this restaurant, until now.  We had a moderately sized party, but nothing a run of the mill waiter can't handle with ease.  Well, the peak of our recent experience began and ended with the hostess.  
It became immediately apparent that our waiter barely spoke and understood English.  The margarita was ordered with salt; was received without salt.  The rest of the table ordered teas and waters, and some how, that got screwed up.  The waiter didn't give us enough straws.  After several attempts to communicate this to him, we went to the bar, and got the straws we needed.   Now, behold, this was just the drink order.
On to ordering the actual food.  I had a question about one of the entree items pictured on the menu.  I attempted to ask the waiter where it was located on the menu.  He had no idea what I was talking about.  I then had to go to the seating hostess, but she didn't know either.  It wasn't until I spoke with the manager where I got my simple question answered.  Based on how our meal was going, I bet my wife $10 that the waiter screws up our order.  Well, let's just say that I'm $10 richer.
Our ordering process consisted of a lot of finger-pointing and nodding/shaking our heads.  After that exhausting process, here comes the food.  I ordered my entree with no beans; got beans.  My wife ordered an entree with no beans or sour cream...yep, got both.  The appetizer of guacamole ordered was never received.  However, I'm glad we didn't receive it, because the guacamole that came with all of our meals was brown.  On top of everything, my waiter stole my iced tea from me.  By steal, I mean take it away from me before my entree for a refill, and not return it to me until we received the check.  After several unsuccessful attempts to break the language barrier, I had to get my 16 year old niece to speak broken Spanish in order to get through to him that he never brought back my drink.  I had to drink out of my wife's glass for the meal.
All of the aforementioned could have prevented by simply hiring personnel that can understand and speak the English language.  We couldn't even communicate that it was someone in the party's birthday, which was the cherry on top of the overall awful experience.I made reservations at El Paso for 15 for my 31st birthday dinner. I live in Houston and have come to love Mexican food like the natives and wanted to introduce my family to this tradition on my birthday. It was a Friday night 8pm and the atmosphere was good. We really enjoyed the Mariachi band but the food was horrible. I ordered shrimp quesadillas; the tortilla looked like the cheap tortillas one would purchase at Wal-Mart. The tortilla was not grilled, I was able to open the tortilla with two fingers as there was only a sprinkle of cheese inside not enough to hold the quesadilla together and even that sprinkle of cheese was not melted. My sisters shrimp nachos were also disgusting, lightly sprinkled shredded cheese over store brand chips. No guacamole, sour cream, no appeal what so ever. My husband, sister and I sent our food back. I will say that half of my party say it wasn't that bad but that's because the only Mexican food they've experienced is Taco Bell. I enjoyed Taco Bell also before I moved to Houston. But they only said, "It wasn't bad". They didn't genuinely enjoy the meal. My husband and I paid for nearly $200 for the entries and everyone paid for alcohol separately. I overheard the waitress complaining that we're trying not to pay. I guess because we were loud (we did have a good time). I called the following week and the manager was very rude, saying that we did not pay for the food that was sent back but replacements were just as bad and we did pay for that. I will never go to this restaurant again. When I think of good Mexican Restaurants, I think of Los Cucos on the lower end and Pappasito's on the higher end but both are favorites of mine, this place doesn't stand a chance. I made the mistake of taking Mexican food advice from a culture (New Orleans) that is new to Good Mexican food. El Paso just isn't it.We were looking for a place to eat after a ball game and were heading to another location, when the brightly lit, festive looking building caught our eyes. New place, crowded and we are hungry so why not. 
We were seated right away. Our server greeted us shortly there after. I will say service was good, friendly and attentive. 
Out comes the traditional chips and salsa with a little treat of black bean dip. Checked out the menu and it was typical Tex-mex with some of the same catchy names for their combos. 
We ordered the queso and munched on that until the entrees came out. 
Service was good, food was good and restaurant was nice. Hence, the 3 stars. It is a nice place with good food at a reasonable price to take out the family. 
They will go through some growing pains as it just recently opened so give it time and a chance. People complain about not enough locations on Westbank. Well, if you don't support them they won't come.Nice size servings for the price. My neighborhood go-to when i want Tex-mex. I've tried many things on the menu & have liked them all. The food comes out super quick after ordering. Bean dip & salsa are also really good.The food comes out pretty quickly which isn't always a good thing. Every time I get the tamale the plate and sauce is hot but the tamale is cold and hard on the side like it has been sitting for a while. I told the waitress this and she brought it back microwaved and it the food was crusted to the plate. Service isn't too great, the majority of the servers seem shy and pretty much whisper to you. The bean dip they bring out before hand is pretty good and the tacos are always good.Let me start by saying that LOVE mexican food and El Paso was highly recommended by a coworker so I gave them three chances (beware this is long). 
Visit #1: My coworkers and I called in our order since lunch is only 30 minutes; I ordered the burrito loco no steak, no sour cream and no guacamole. When we arrived we were greeted and our transactions were processed quickly. All seemed well until I got to work and opened my tray... first of all  the burrito was huge and the part that I could eat was delicious. Unfortunately I had to throw half of it away because the cook put sour cream and guacamole on it then scraped it off, problem is mouth breaks out if I eat sour cream. 
Visit #2: My coworkers and called in another order, this time when went to pick up our order we were directed to the bar since we called in the order, at which point we sat there for more than five minutes while the other staff stood to the far left of the restaurant staring at us. Remember the 30 minute lunch? Yea, so eventually the young man who I now know is Kennedy processed our transaction but all of our trays were unmarked so we had to open them and figure out what was what (the first time everything was marked) and we had to request the chips and salsa that had been given to use the first time. Oh I had the nachos and chicken burrito asada which was pretty good. 
Visit #3: Only I ordered this time and it just a regular chicken burrito; when I arrived I wasn't even greeted but obviously I knew by now to go to the bar. Kennedy brought my food over right away and I gave him my card. The processing of my card took awhile, Kennedy told me the system was slow. After about 5-10 minutes he told me that the system was taking a long time that he did swipe my card but wasn't sure if the transaction went through and asked if I had cash. I replied that I didn't have enough cash on me for the bill so he suggested that I leave me info and he will call when the system came up if my transaction didn't go through. Fair enough. 
So I arrive to work enjoy my burrito, chips and salsa and about 30 minutes later I get the alert that a charge was posted to my account. I checked and it was the charge for my food. Approximately, 30 minutes later I see a missed call from Kennedy and called back, he tells me the system is back up and the transaction didn't go through and he needs my card info. I told him that the charge posted to my account about 30 minutes ago, he goes on to tell me that my account is still open there. So now I have to go back to the restaurant after work to prove to them that the charge posted to my account. 
My coworker swears this place is amazing but she usually goes in the evening, I'm not sure if that makes a difference but it's not worth the hassle.El Paso (literally) redeemed the old Bennigans which had been languishing since before the storm. 
The decor is nice if you don't look too closely: the exterior paint-job is second rate, and for some weird reason they did not build the courtyard wall high enough to block out the sight and sound of the parking lots that almost surround the place.   So what could be a really nice illusion of dinner in a hacienda becomes instead dinner in a place trying to look like a hacienda.  Grade: B-
The margaritas are good enough.  But they're mostly booze-supplier recipe-book stock stuff.  (You can get some of the exact same margaritas down the block at Buffalo Wild Wings.  Probably cheaper here, but who knows.)  Grade: C, B+ when they're on special.
As for the food, El Paso's management needs to pay attention to detail: produce is not fresh; food is not drained, so that my enchilada rancheras where swimming in a mixture of water and grease.  Meat quality is not of the highest.  Prices are too high for the quality you get.  Grade: D.
A rather good Mariachi band works the inside of the restaurant.  Not sure where El Paso nabbed these guys, but they deserve to play a better gig.  I'm not a Mariachi fan, but I could have listened to them attentively for some time.  Grade: A.
Service was mostly attentive, with some forgivable but not forgettable lapses.  C+ on the service.
I probably won't be back, and certainly not for the food; but when the margaritas are cheap and the band is playing, maybe.  Just maybe.
UPDATE:  having tucked away a considerable supply of the Nachos Locos, consumed a few quarts of tequila, and having developed a drunken mini-crush on one of the servers (relax, corazon, I'm harmless), I feel I should bump this up to three stars.Went here for dinner on a Friday night with a party of 10. Our waiter barely checked on us. It took over an hour for us to get our food after we ordered and then the food arrived cold. I ordered my daughter the kids chicken strips and they(not our waiter) brought out a kids cheeseburger when I explained that I didn't order that for her the guy walked away with it and then our waiter came back with it again and said you didn't order her a cheeseburger? I said no, I ordered the chicken fingers. He then proceeded to push the burger in front of me a say that if she wants her chicken fingers she'll have to wait longer. I said well she's not eating that hamburger and he just stood there. I then said is she going to get them? And he said yes and walked off. She then received her chicken fingers in less than 10minutes. I will not be returning. service sucked, food was cold, & not that good.Have been going to El Paso since they opened a year ago. At first they suffered from the usual start-up. The side dishes came out looking like they just scrapped off the half eaten returned plates. They got that resolved and now the sides look appetizing and in general the food is ample and quality.
Lets talk about people. My partner and I stopped by yesterday for a late lunch. Ordered our food and two medium frozen margaritas. Food came, so far, so good. The frozen margarita gave severe brain freezes. I asked that the frozen drink be put into a go cup and ordered a regular margarita replacement. 
As we finished eating our server, who was pleasant and alert reached over to pick up a plate. In doing so, she knocked over my partners half drank margarita. The contents spilled all over the table and onto my front and lap. Very cold I must admit. I now had crotch freeze to go along with my brain freeze.
Not being the person who would go ballistic over such an accident, we made some jokes while cleaning it up.
We were finished and asked for the bill. Here's where the rub comes in. The server didn't see soaking me with a margarita as a problem. Also my partner was denied the remainder of his drink (at least half full) I say this since we were charged for that drink. We certainty didn't take it out on the server. She got her 20%.
After being in upper management of a major corporation and head of my own company for twenty-two years I certainly understand employees are disappointing.
I guess next time I'll just be a BITCH. Being understanding and pleasant just doesn't sink in. I wasn't looking for a free drink or even asking to have my clothes cleaned. 
Just some expression of "sorry, please come back"The margaritas are the best! Love the food but I do wish for slightly kinder staff. Some times I will get a waiter who wants nothing to do with me and other times I will get an awesome waiter!This is one of my favorite Mexican food chains- however, this one needs work. After waiting way longer than neccessary for chips and salsa my waitress finally comes to take my drink order. Then she brings it with no straw and leaves before I can ask for one. 
She finally returns to take my order and grabs a straw from the bar. This is about twenty minutes in. Not once after my entree arrived did she refill my drink or even walk over to check on me. The food is good but service is terrible. Upon finishing my meal I had to hunt someone down for my check after sitting there waiting an additional five to ten minutes. I will not be returning to this location.I ordered and picked up lunch today, fish and shrip tacos!  My food was hot and waiting on me when i made it there less than ten minutes later.  Both plates were full and nicely arranged.  The shrimp tacos were awesome as well as the rice and soup.  The fish taco's were not as good to me, but that simply could have been my taste buds and not the establishments fault.  Customer service was awesome for the short period I was there; however, I try to always mention exceptional customer service!  Good lunch, i will definitely continue to frequent this establishment.The food is horrible. Even the horchata was sour! The staff was great and the music was awesome!Service was pretty bad. I got fajitas and my Wife got enchiladas. The fajitas were so salty I almost think they put soy sauce on them. The enchiladas were flavorless and still cool in the middle. They probably didn't  microwave them long enough!!!!! Chips and salsa where the only edible thing we got. No silverware until after the food arrived. No water brought to the table at all. We got margaritas and they were OK. The wait staff could all probably cook better food than the Sysco reheats or whatever they are passing off as "mexican" food. I have to say the steel entry doors straight out of a  school building where a nice touch. Probably would have gotten better food at a school though.I was on the Westbank, and decided to get some lunch. Tuesday, about noon. There were 15-20 people there, including some cops. I took it as a good sign....cops usually go where the food is good. 
In this case...NOT!!
Sorry, folks. The place itself was clean, decor ok. Tables, booths and bar seating. 
They run a Taco Tuesday special. 
Chips were warm, not greasy. Salsa was....just tomatoes. Didn't taste any flavors, or heat. They also give you a bean dip. Tasteless. 
I ordered A combo of 1 beef taco, 1 beef enchilada and a tamale. Comes with refried beans also, but they're not refried.  They're right out of the can with some cheese on them . Very souplike,  and bland. 
Ok, the taco, tamale and enchilada all had the same meat filling, with a little more meatstuff on the side. I shouldn't say the tamale had the same filling because they were premade and sold in bulk I'm sure.
By the way, the meatstuff wasn't good either. The enchilada was made wrong with cold flour tortillas and cheese on it, no sauce. The taco was in a premade taco "shell" that breaks when you bite it. That doesn't matter though, the tomato, lettuce and cheese they top it with had already fallen out by the time it got to the table. 
Oh yeah, had a side of guacamole that was...again, not good. Couple of tomato bits, some lime juice. No garlic, cumin, or onion. No flavor. 
It gave me the feeling that this place is run or owned by people who have never eaten Mexican food,  and are catering to people who may never have had good, authentic Mexican food. There were Mexican servers working there,  but I don't know who's cooking.
I would have  given zero stars, but the place looks ok, has plenty of parking, and nice people working there. 
Me????   And I've never said this before..
I won't be back. Unless by some chance they get a new chef and management that knows food.
Sorry.I came to pick up food that I ordered. They said it would be 10 minuets on the phone. I waited 40 minuets. I wasn't confronted or asked for anything while I was standing there the whole time. Horrible service and not friendly.  After receiving my food the order was wrong and waited another 15 minuets. Other customers dining in didn't look too pleased either.Love the food reasonable prices just hate how the employees at the entrance are so rude and don't greet one who's entering the restaurant they rather stare at you and mumble amongst themselves and walk away! Very rudeI went there for the first time today and it was awful. We arrived at 6:20 PM on a Friday night. It was not busy at all, just like normal. We ordered and recieved our food by 7:40 PM. An hours wait. It did start to get busy at 7:00 PM. The waiter then brought us ANOTHER pitcher of margaritas of which we joking said, "we will take another IF it's free since it's taking the food so long."
In the long run, all the food was wrong. We asked for chicken enchiladas and burritos and they brought us beef. When we told them they said they can not make chicken. (I about lost my mind there) Then the manager said they only had 2 chefs in the kitchen. On a Friday night that is just ridiculous and he did not even offer to fix anything and told us we had to pay for the extra pitcher. Which by the way was untouched and we never drank. 
Just down right horrible management which makes for horrible servers. 
On the upside, maybe on a slow day when they don't have to do much work may be better, because the food was good. They just need to work on their customer service.Wow! I was honestly shocked at how great the service and food was, also margs are some of the best I've had in the NOLA area. The overall atmosphere of El Paso is fun. It's fast paced but not overwhelming. Our party of five was sat quickly and attended to throughout the dinning.  
This could be my new spot for Taco Tuesday!Amazing food here.  Wait staff friendly and on time with everything.  Food hot on delivery.  The taste was very good and on point.Ordered shrimp fajitas along with the 2 for 1 special happy frozen Margarita daquari.
.......... talk about heaven on earth. The bean dip was delicious and the service was great!!This place is excellent. The food, the staff, the drinks, the music...great experienceIt was our first trying El Paso
The food is Good but SERVICE is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!   She didn't even smiled to us! She was so rude plus They Charged us (3 people) $27 ****Gratuity*****
So I asked her (the waitress) if she could call the manager, but she refused it.Constant, been here a couple of times now and the delivery is always the same. Food is Tex-Mex and tasty. Family friendly environment. Need better servers.There are several places by this name in metro New Orleans.  the one pictured is off Behrman Highway and is a regular, nice Tex-Mex restaurant.
The one we frequent is a hole-in-the-wall on Lafayette Street / Belle Chase Highway, a Norteno Mexican food place, with menudo, caldo de res, Topo Chico, mashed avocado guacamole, cervezas Mexicanas, loud conjunto jukebox, and irregular hours.  
But MUY AUTHENTICO.
Pick your choice, both are good, very different.
I'd prefer bracero company, the loud musica, & the Real Thing Mexican foods.
Rick