Nice place with friendly service. I had the shrimp tacos with pico and cilantro. Tortillas were grilled which is a nice touch and the pico was very flavorful. My only gripe is mini shrimp were used for the tacos. I was hoping regular/fresh shrimp would be used. 
Next time I'll try a burrito since the beans and rice looked really good.Husband and I are always trying different places in the area and stumbled upon this one. We love Mexican and has the same concept as Izzo's, Chipotle, Felipe's. We ordered chicken nachos (HUGE PORTION) with the queso cheese dip, refriend black beans with a bunch of other toppings and the 8 pc wings - 6 haberno (SO YUMMY!) and 2 Chipotle (good too) with a side of blue cheese dressing (wings may be precooked but they were still moist and delish!) Also ordered 2 lengua tacos (not my favorite but perfect taco portion just meat was too chewy for my liking) and pork tamale (which we wouldn't order again). Loved the salsa bar and if we ever wanna get a quick decent bite we will definitely keep this place in mind. Giving it 4 stars because the music was too LOUD and food was served immediately it front of us but was not PIPING hot to eat and almost cold.Tasty good-quality ingredients prepared in small batches that come together to create the rainbow of delicious flavors characteristic of good authentic Mexican food. This restaurant was opened by a former manager of Felipe's and you can see the similarities, but Taco Loco better preserves the flavor that Felipe's has lost. Has a large and customizable menu--there's something for every pallet. I highly recommend the veggies! Or go back again and again and try the ever-changing meat specials they keep coming up with. Has an intimate mom-and-pop feel that makes it perfect for a cozy lunch or dinner with a friend, family, or date. Also has a full-service bar with delicious margaritas.The Al Pastor reminds me of my favorite taco stand in Mexico City but with much larger, American sized portions. $5 for two large tacos with your choice of meat, cilantro, onions and verde sauce with a big side of frijoles negro. They also have a salsa bar with additional salsas and lime. Soundtrack plays the best reggaeton jams this side of Kenner!If you need a quick burrito or tacos GO CHECK THIS PLACE OUT. Way better than Filipe's or
Chipotle. Authentic meats and friendly service. Dinner time features guitar karaoke man who will serenade your family and put the moves on your wife with flowers. These local folks deserve your patronage.Tasty tacos!  Tortillas were awesome!  Chips!  Margaritas were more flavorful than the F word. Latino in the corner singing Elvis and Englebert Humperdinck. I'm a fan.I love El Taco Loco! I have been here about five times in the past month. I have tried all the taco meat except ground meat and veggies. It's all super delicious and Mexican authentic. I'm a Mexican born and raised in New Orleans so finding a taco stop with authentic Mexican flavors was a plus for me. My favorite taco .eat is the Tinga. Super delicious and spicy, so if you're not into that avoid it. I have also tried the margaritas. They are cheap, delicious, and strong. Definitely stop by and try this place. The tacos are definitely a little taste of Mexico. The prices are very reasonable aswell. Definitely recommend it.Yep.
It's the goods.
Similar menu and fare as Felipe's... which I thought would be a disappointment... but the taste was much deeper and rich, full flavored and well-spiced.
The prices are amazing.
Incredibly reasonable.
The portions are generous.
The people running the place are super friendly.
The service is fast.
The menu is not too extensive, but hits all the highlights.
Plus, great little patio spot to enjoy a few margaritas and watch the Carrolton traffic stroll by.
Get there.
It's good.Best burrito in the city in my opinion. Selections are excellent, as are the prices. Margaritas are gray too!Very delicious food. The Alpastor and tinga chicken were my favorites. The prices are spot on and the staff are very friendly. The taste is much more authentic than any other Mexican restaurant I've tried in New Orleans!! And having lived in Houston for 5 years means we are hard critics! So glad they've opened up. This neighborhood needed exactly this....Good hours, too! I'll be back more often than I probably should.Great Central American tacos. I had two tacos al pastor-spicy marinated pork topped with onion and cilantro and they were great. Two tacos at $4 is a standard order-they covered a plate. The pork tamales were very good, served with sour cream and pico. 
Their meat offerings were mostly grilled and not sliced until you order. My wife's nachos were pretty tasty, with a light and tangy cheese sauce. 
Churros were a bit disappointing-over cooked but the flan was legit. I'll definitely be back.Great place!  We got the chimichanga with carnitas and wow!  Very good. 
Pro Tip:  Mix the queso with REALLY hot salsa from the salsa bar. Perfection!Would love to have tried it but literally walked in and walked right out. Place smelled like sewage. It was awful!!Y'all, this is about as real as it gets in NOLA. My family is from Sonora and while you'll find no Sonoran hot dog, this Mex food is as close to real northern Mexico yum as you can get here in New Orleans (which makes sense since the guy I talked to at the counter is from Caohuila). I walked in and heard the Ranchero music bumping and knew it was gonna be bomb. Got tacos de barbacoa, de asada, y al pastor. All amazing and so great to find barbacoa here. Husband got the namesake tacos and they were yum. We split pork tamales (the red was sooo good) and the complete dips antojito. They had a good selection of Mexican beer. Our total was $31, including tip and our beers. The outdoor seating is lovely and the inside is fun. Not sure when their full bar is open, but it looks stocked and ready to go!Best $2 tacos in the city outside of LA. 4 star because missing that vinegar onion sidesSaw this place on Yelp and came over while moving my daughter into Tulane - about a mile or a little more of a walk from Tulane. EXCELLENT and AUTHENTiC tacos with amazingly low prices for the quality of what you are getting! Be patient - everything made to order in this LITTLE place by a crew of friends who are eager to make you happy. I believe the tortillas are homemade and tasty - this is NOT Taco Bell! It may be a little complicated to figure out what you want from their posted menu - but ask the crew and they will give you suggestions. You order at the counter and then sit down so they can bring it to you. Inside and pleasant outside patio seating. Small but cute! Definitely add their cabbage/cilantro mix to your taco or burrito - so good! Make your meal a combo for an extra $3 b/c their chips & dip and their churros (3 flavors - I think creme, chocolate and cinnamon) are included in the combo with a drink and chips and churros are wonderful!Absolutely fabulous Mexican!!!!!! Hubby and I haven't had this great of Mexican food since our trip to Cozumel!!!! Such fast service, such delicious food, all for a great price!!!
The tamales are amazing. But if you really want something to rock your socks off,,, try the chorizo!!!! OMG! We loved it! Can't wait to go again!!!!This place has a very simple concept and limited menu, and they do it very well. Their tacos and burritos are cheap and fresh and delicious. This is not Tex Mex or American Mexican food.
They have beer.
Ultimately it makes for a very easy choice if you don't feel like cooking or hosting.At last, a trailblazer taco place in NOLA! 
Thank you so much for opening, we wish your business thrives and your tacos conquer New Orleans! We moved here from Los Angeles and had almost given up on our search for the noble, most perfect of foods, the taco. What a relief and delight to see El Taco Loco open up. 
Seasoned meat, onions, cilantro, salsa = A taco. Very difficult to get it right, and oh so easy to corrupt this mighty food of the gods. 
Brilliant, sunshine and moonbeams tacos, great prices, clean, and simple menu. No drama, no frills. Truly, immigrants are the only thing that make America tolerable. 
We love your tacos!Got here first thing and wasn't disappointed. I got the burrito, chips and a drink. Plenty of seating, friendly staff, and good selection on what to build. I would compare this to a chipotle or freebirds. They also have a small bar in the front.Did not disappoint! Had the quesadilla with ground beef, so good! Also the chips with all the dips were the best. I will be a regular.I thought it was ok.  I mean we were visiting Louisiana we weren't expecting to find killer Mexican food.  On a hot day I really wanted Ice tea and they didn't have.  If in town again we would not visit again.I do not understand how this place isn't slammed all day everyday. I don't even like writing reviews for yelp but I'm problematically addicted and need them to flourish. I've literally gone loco for tacos. It's honestly the best Tex mex in the city. It could even hold its own in Austin. Plus it's ridiculously cheap! We got two burritos, a Mexican coke, and chips with queso, pico, bean dip, and guacamole and it was all under $25 including a 20%tip! It's sign isn't very big so it is very easy to miss. It's in between the capital one and rue de la course on Carrollton. Seriously go here. It's authentic and phenomenalWhat Taco Loco lacks in decor, it makes up in the quality of its food. The tacos are made to order (think Filipe's) and you can load them up with tasty toppings, or have the basic taco; regardless, the outcome is a delicious, filling, authentic taco that won't break the bank. The carnitas (braised pork shank) is made fresh daily and WOW. It's so tasty. The chicken is lean and flavorful. Great for a quick lunch bite, or for an inexpensive dinner. I highly recommend you give it a shot!Delicious tacos, burritos, and quesadillas for a great price. Everything was super fresh and flavorful. Ordered via uber eats once during a raging hangover and was pleasantly surprised. Definitely a welcome addition to the Oak street area if you want something a little more authentic than La Casita.I crush Taco Loco on the regular, it is well priced and dank. Everything I've had on the menu is great.New to the area and recently tried this place out. Since then I've been going back weekly, sometimes even twice a week. Great taste every time, fresh ingredients, amazing juicy meats. To top it all off they are one of the most reasonably priced places in the city!Awesome and authentic!
I didn't understand half the menu which I always think is a good sign that they know what they are doing. This is fresh authentic south of the border food. 
I got two tocos and half my wife's chicken quesadilla. 
Loved it!
I recommend this place if you like authentic Mexican food.Hey, you want real Mexican tacos?  This is the ONLY spot in New Orleans for em.  Don't pass up on the barbacoa, the al pastor, or the carne molida.  The juiciest tacos around, put your hands down because the juice will be running down your forearm rookie!Probably the best tacos in New Orleans. Cheap, fresh, delicious, super nice staff.Authentic... fresh... well seasoned and reasonably priced. So good I went two days in a row. Much better than other similar spots. A must try!!I love this place to DEATH. When I lived in Carrollton, this was definitely a go-to for a cheap, easy, and delicious lunch. I miss El Taco Loco dearly, and I hope I'm around there soon to go back.Always great food and reasonable prices, but I'm honestly getting tired of their unreliable delivery. My most recent order was missing the Tacos Dorados. The previous order ended up with a burrito and churro instead of 2 churros (yay extra dinner but boo splitting a churro between 2 people). And then another prior order was canceled by Waiter after an hour because the restaurant was just unresponsive, despite it being initiated an hour after ETL's delivery start time. Maybe my rating would be higher if I were able to visit the physical location more often, but service has to be considered in a take-out context for me -- and despite the delicious food, getting what I'm actually paying for has been a total gamble.Delicious tacos and close to my house.  Just discovered this place and am becoming a regular.  MUCH more flavor than Felipe's and the wings here are delicious.Really great food! And the margs are VERY strong, expensive, but strong. Definitely worth it when every where else is too crowded. Friendly staff and good foodThe meat tacos at this place are so good that I selfishly put off writing this review lest it be discovered by the masses & overcrowd one of our new favorite spots in the neighborhood. 
I would highly recommend the tinga, which were my favorite on my first few visits here. 
However, I have since made the switch to a plant-based diet and i have to say that the veggie tacos are disappointing. the veggies always seem dry and old, like not too many people order them so they aren't refreshed throughout the day. also, it's just a weird combination of veggies to put in a taco - lightly seasoned broccoli, cauliflower, carrot. I wish there was some variety - maybe some assorted peppers, squash, seasonal mixes, etc. 
i would not recommend the guacamole. it's pre-made/prepackaged/refrigerated and not at all fresh.Delicious little tacos at a great price for $4/2.  Brought my visiting Vegas friends here after reading the good reviews.  Loved that they had Barq's red cream soda at the fountain.  The al pastor tacos with all the toppings (I see you tiny diced spicy radishes!) left us all with bellies full and satisfied.  The husband and wife owner/operators have something special here in Nola.ZERO. NEGATIVE 5 if I could. WORST EXPERIENCE AT A RESTAURANT EVER.
Where do I start? 
I hate to be the outlier on this one.  I wanted to love this place - I LOVE tacos.  I am a loyal fan of Felipes.  I'm not sure all of the details, but they are some how affiliated, so I was excited.
We came on a Friday after I told my group I knew of a new spot offering a margarita special.  Upon entering, the place is reminiscent of your local Chinese hole in the wall - it could use a little TLC. But some of the best tacos I've eaten were from shaddy places, so I'm not going to judge.  We sat at the bar, ordered a round of margaritas as we asked the bartender about the special deal ($2 posted on facebook).  He said yes and made our drinks.  We looked over food options on the menu, our margaritas arrived...they were large, I don't remember being asked what size we wanted, but lets be real, I would have ordered a large if asked.   
People behind us came in and also inquired about the facebook special to a different person behind the bar, and got a different answer.   Ruh, roh.  She stated that the deal was last weekend.  Suddenly, a group of people are all discussing whether theres a deal or not.  I pulled it up on facebook.  Its there, for that date, although it says "frozen" and we didnt get frozen.  But when we asked the bartender about the deal, he didn't mention anything about frozen only.  With the mass confusion, we decide to drink our drinks (which were not good margaritas) and pay our bill and leave.  The woman explains that the manager did not tell her there was a special today too and the bartender doesn't speak english, so thats what caused the confusion.  She offered us small price for our large margarita for the confusion.  Paid, tipped (above norm for her generosity) and left.  
Here is where it just got crazy, as we walk out of the restaurant, a woman  screams out the door, "DON'T EVER COME BACK!!".  People in the group looked at each other, wait, did you just hear that??? My friend heads back into the restaurant as a man rushes out the door and stops him defensively.  Now theres a confrontation.  He claims that's not what was said, trying to protect presumably his wife.  If it weren't what she said, why did he need to rush out of the restaurant to confront us before we came back in?  The whole thing was ugly.  I don't know why.  There was miscommunication, we paid for our drinks, tipped them, and left.  Yet thats how we were treated?? 
Rest assured, we will "never come back" and word of mouth will make sure none of our friends go there either.This is good Mexican food in the New Orleans area. It doesn't really compare to the AMAZING Tex-Mex you will get in Texas, but it's not bad at all! It's one of my favorites in the area. It is cheaper and better, in my opinion, than Felipe's, their biggest competitor. It's a little hard to understand the people working as they do not speak the best English; however, it gives the atmosphere an authentic vibe. I enjoy going here & the price is right for what you get.I wont lie, I was really excited to see this open because sometimes you just want some tacos or a burrito the classic Mexican way: full of flavor and no pretension. 
The menu is simple: choose your entree, pick your meat, add additional toppings if desired such as cheese for an additional price. 
There is an assembly line in which you see all the savory meats and the dressings. You get your choice of pinto or black beans. Salsa bar is small but packs a punch.
The carnitas 12" burrito at $7.00, both generous and flavorful, took me back to the hole-in-the-wall joints favored in Southern California. Good times. The taco de lengua was phenomenal. I could have had 2, 3, 4, 5 more of those to spite my diet. The chorizo was unfortunately plain for my liking. Two soft tacos for $4. 
Customer service was pleasant! Just hardworking dudes and dudettes doing their job with honesty. The place is no frills but clean and welcoming. 
The verdict: Legit. 
I will be back and back again.Mediocre at best. Service was SLOW. Maybe because there was only one person working. Place was pretty filthy. Lots of flies. I got 3 steak tacos. The meat was extremely bland and low quality. Should have been marinated flank but tasted like they didn't even season it with anything much less marinade it. Meat was at room temp, which on a fall day, is pretty cold. Got a drink with my order, went to fill up with sweet tea and it was empty. Had to settle for soda, which i hate. The only pro were the chips and black bean dip. Muuuuch better quality tacos throughout the area.Yes it's a Mexican spot, but if you like wings this place is a must. I didn't even consider the wings until my roommate told me about them, now I'm upset with myself for not trying them out sooner. I've also had their tacos, chimichangas, and burritos and they always load them up with delicious meat and toppings. It's an odd combination eating wings with your tacos, and you wouldn't expect it, but it works and it works really well. Kudos to the owners. 
Prices are great, and the staff is great too. Pretty casual spot, but the food is serious. I think our Mexican food is subpar when compared to other areas of the US. Compared to Texas, New Mexico, California, Arizona, Colorado, etc. the New Orleans Mexican food scene is plain bad. Thankfully, El Taco has been able to remedy. It reminds me of some of my favorite spots in San Diego, so I wouldn't recommend any other place for a taco (or wings) fix in the city.What a waste of Money.  I am glad I spent $50 for two orders of fajitas that arrived at my residence with no protein.  The reason a am glad is because we will never order again.Service was quick, cost was affordable and the food was delicious. Would recommend + would come back.Amazing Taco Tuesday deal (1.50 - chicken, carnitas, ground meat)! I loved the ground meat the best. What makes this such a great deal is the fact that you get to dress the taco with whatever toppings you want (some maybe an up charge). Recommended toppings - ground meat w/ lettuce, cabbage, pick, cilantro, Mexican creama, & Baja sauce  we received 6 DELICIOUS TACOS for only $9! Definitely going back :)
What makes this place 5/5? Absolutely the price and delicious flavors of the ground meat!Best Mexican food in New Orleans. Authentic vibe that has a great energy as soon as you walk in. The selections are wide, unique and all delicious. In combination with the powerful marg it's a perfect meal.I'm gonna be so bold as to say El Taco Loco has the best tacos in New Orleans. The Taco Loco is amazing! If you're a fan of pork definitely try it, cochinita pibil isn't something I've seen much in this area or even other places in the US but it's really good. Taco Loco's version is just like the cochinita pibil you'll get in the Yucatán or in the Maya area of Quintana Roo, very delicious! The different salsas at the salsa station are all good, options for every level of spiciness. The combo is a great deal, you get chips with queso or guacamole, a drink, and a churro. Overall you can spend about $8 here and walk out very full and happy. Forever glad that El Taco Loco is just down the street from me because it always hits the spot when I'm missing a real Mexican street style taco.I was craving tacos for taco Tuesday for once and found this place on Eater NOLA's list of recommended taco places. I wasn't aware they did $1 off their regular taco prices on Tuesdays but glad to know now! I ordered 2 chicken tacos, 2 of their special pork tacos (taco loco), a chicken tamale, and a mango soda all for about $13. Really flavorful meat and the best tamales I've had so far. Service was nice and prompt. I'll definitely be returning.Pricey but good! Gave 3 stars because it's not the cleanest. The food is worth it though as you can see them making everything but it definitely could use a deep cleanI love this place, how lucky we are to have had a true Mexican Taqueria move into Riverbend area. I grew up in SoCal & hence on real Mexican food as well as having travelled extensively through many parts of Mexico. If you want authentic Mexican food for a quick bite at a great price this is the place for you. The owners & staff are so nice also!
Noticing here most of the lower star ratings for TL are from due hard Felipe fans....if Americanized mex food & a trendy spot to eat your tacos is what you crave for your Mexican food experience, stick with Felipe's. 
The rest of us craving the real deal will be at Tacos Locos :)Let me start by saying I usually don't leave reviews for anything but I had to leave a review for El Taco Loco! A few months back I ordered their Seafood Shrimp tacos via UberEats and they were amazing. So I decided today I was craving a burrito but I didn't want any of them chain restaurants around the city so I decided to see what El Taco Loco burrito was all about and let me just say I WILL BE BACK! I'm definitely hooked. The meat inside was seasoned to perfection and the tortilla was soft and chewy...just the way I like it. All of the toppings inside mixed with meat gave my tastebuds a dance. Also the guy who fixed my food was so nice. If you're wondering if you should try this place I say YOU will not be disappointed at all. Affordable authentic Mexican food...you can't go wrong.I love tacos and I've been to just about every Mexican joint in the parish. THIS is the most authentic tasting tacos here. I wish they had a taco Tuesday special. The queso was so good i was mad I only ordered a small.This place was small and hot! It's probably best to go in get your food and eat it at home! Not a very comfortable environment! The food was pretty good. The bar was limited.Cool place with good food. 
Right on Carrollton, a few steps from Oak St. 
Came over after the Po boy fest. There was Latin music playing and people dancing outside. 
Fun!
I got a Tinga burrito with a bunch of stuff in it, and a pork tamale. Excellent!!!
Lot of flavor. 
Babycakes got a taco salad. The "bowl" was suspect. I suspect it's premade elsewhere, not fried on site. She said it was ok.Try the Al Pastor tacos...little bites of tender pork with a rich, buttery, sweet & savory pineapple/chile marinade.  They have some of the best Al Pastor tacos in the city.  Atmosphere is simple, nothing fancy (nor expected for a good taco joint). Just some darn good Al Pastor tacos...My favorite place to get tacos. Very affordable. Fresh ingredients and quick service.Definitely a hole in the wall. $19 for 10 of the best street tacos in NoLa. Our favorites are Al pastor, barbacoa, and carnitas. Their margaritas on the rocks are also super tasty. I've never had the frozen ones.I can't believe it took us so long to discover this place! Excellent, authentic food and preparation, friendly and helpful owner and staff, killer atmosphere. I won't go anywhere else for burritos anymore! A good comparison is Mission Burrito in Austin/Houston, but more authentic and seems to be a family run joint?
My husband and I will make a point to support this small business that is making the REAL stuff! I hear they make great margs also so will be sure to order one on our next visit :)
Muchas gracias El Taco Loco!This place is absolutely Exceptional the food was great the service was great and the atmosphere was great!!!!! We had such a nice dinner at el taco loco. I highly recommend the nachos and the chimichanga!!!!One of my favorite spots in the whole city. I always get the tacos and make it a combo which comes with chips& your choice of dip (queso, guac, salsa, or bean dip), a fountain drink, and a churro. You get a lot of food for a fair price. Also one of the few places here that actually has authentic Mexican food. The owner and staff are so friendly and pleasant which makes it even better.My vegetarian burrito (with grilled vegetables, rice, crema, lettuce, tomato, onion) was yummy. Service is kind of slow. But that's probably a down south thing. My friend's got the chicken, steak, and shrimp tacos. Shrimp was a little too salty but otherwise rave reviews. (Yas for corn tortillas.) We also got the guac and chips. 
OMG and almost forgot, they have a sign outside that says, best margaritas in New Orleans and you know whaaaaat... They ain't too far off. I tried the frozen and on the rocks versions and they both are clutch.This place is bomb! I've now made this a weekly lunch staple. Everyone is super friendly and fast and the food is super fresh! Lot of bang for you buck too. Officially my favorite place to get authentic tacos. Oh and it has super cute and cozy outdoor seating!Tried to order from this place on Monday but they were closed.  Happened top be in the neighborhood today so I stopped when I saw they were open.  I had a chimichangas with grilled squash, guacamole and queso. I'm still shaking my head.  DELICIOUS! i wish I'd ordered a 12" even though I KNOW I couldn't eat out all.  I have to come back here again!I work for a local PD and whenever we get a chance I bring all my colleagues in with me, needless to say they don't go anywhere else. Chimichangas are rollin'Horrible, bland and overpriced. Don't waste your money. Two soggy, bland and cold burritos cost $23. One was steak and the steak was dry and hard and flavorless. This cost an EXTRA $2.
The tortilla was soggy and wet.  Over all this was the worse Mexican food I've ever had. No wonder the place was empty. 
This was garbage and I feel robbed.This is my favorite place to get tacos. Not only are all the meats flavorful and delicious it's also cheap. They have the best tacos and tamales I've ever had. I'd come every week if I lived closer.Well let me start with salsa was bubbly and fly were present. No steak at 4 o'clock in the evening. Beans were very watery no flavor. I can go on but I won't no the worse but far from the best.So it's like a taco truck but you get to tell them what you want on your food like at subway. Much better tasting and much cheaper than Felipe's which was really our only option before this unless you were ok with taco trucks. 
I really hope this place does well because we need it. However, I am very concerned about the clientele. The customers in line before me had no idea what they were ordering, they were confused, taking forever and frustrating the employees. Somehow even the men eating here all had valley girl accents. If you don't understand what I mean check out 'Tiff's' review. These are the kind of people that go here, bored college girls who just want to party with their friends. 
But I digress. Bottom line: good food, great prices, fast counter service. One star off for ambiance, but sitting outside is nice. (But then you have to listen to the sorority girls having brunch at the restaurant next door loudly discussing their horoscopes.)
I feel like I need to correct other people's reviews here because they are so blatantly incorrect;
Shannon(male)- Two tacos at Felipes are $5.25 and they charge for extra toppings (it's a corporate chain). Here two tacos are $4 and you can get whatever you want on them.
Kim H.- 10inches refers to the size of the tortilla and that would be the small size. There is also a large.Food: 4 stars
Service: 4 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars
The food is good, delicious street fair. I had the tacos loco. They were flavorful and filling. There service was fast and courteous. The store is clean and organized, there's just not a lot to it. Nice outside seating. This place is definitely going on my list of go to placesThe food and setup of the place just seemed exactly like Felipe's.  My chicken tacos were alright but I thought they were overpriced for what I got and I think more pricey by a tad bit than Felipe's.  So really not much else to say other than it is pretty much a slightly more coin version of  Felipe's with a different name.Great spot for Mexican food. Same concept as Felipe's, but the food is much more tasty and has flavor. Super cheap too! Definitely recommend.This place is great! He uses the same basic business model as Felipe's, but the food is much better quality and much more authentic. 
The food is delicious and reasonably priced, the service is friendly and fast, and they just started new specials (including margaritas), which make this place even better. 
With a full bar, this spot is an excellent addition to the neighborhood.Amazing Queso! Bomb al pastor and tamales! And their margaritas are always strong. Authentic Mexican food in NOLA.I may be born and raised half my life here in New Orleans, but I've spent the other half of my life a Texas Gal. In Texas we have been honored to be influenced by a pretty authentic Mexican & Spanish culture. 
From my experience in Texas and the bounty of yummy Tex-Mex, I am always looking for that familiar deliciousness in NOLA. It's been no easy or short experience.. luckily within the last few years, more Mexican & Spanish influence has been popping up and staying around for a while. 
El Taco Loco gives me that taco joint feel i've been missing here for a long time. 
The Tacos are exceptional.. the meat very well seasoned the toppings flavorful as well.
We had two fish, two chorizo, two barboca, two carnitas, two tinga and chile con queso.
The queso was def some of the best I had in the city. Perfect temperature & consistency. It's a yellow queso. Very yummy yummy. Def worth the amount it cost. 
They have an array of sauces, some sweet some with heat some with both, and pickled onions, jalapeños, & carrots. Also, whole jalapeños but i have no strength against one of those bad boys. 
I def recommend. Very nice people who run it. Walk in order stay outside on the patio, inside, or take home. 
Very casual.
Delicious frozen margs that are perfectly strong. 
Go. Go. Go.
(Sorry these pictures don't do the food justice.. i managed to eat 3 tacos and my bf all five of his before i remembered to take a pic..)Ok so this is truly a hole in the wall. It seems overshadowed by its possible competition Panchita, which is like four doors down, but El Taco Loco is NOT to be overlooked. I came in and noticed the menu has so many things to choose from which at first made me nervous. After all, sometimes too much can be just that - too much. But I was pleasantly surprised. I ordered five tacos- three tinga tacos (spicy chicken) and two tacos de carnitas (roasted pork). Oh my gosh! They were so delicious! 
I had them topped with Mexican Crema, guacamillio sauce and some other vegetables. Y'all- my mouth was having a party! I threw in a Mandarin orange flavored soda and sat at a table outside to peep the street views. A very well spent afternoon. I spent $14.78 for the whole thing and I totally concede that the price far outweighs the goodness of the food. If you're ever in New Orleans and find yourself driving down Carrollton - please go to El Taco Loco! You need this in your life!Alright, y'all can stop messaging me about tortilla specifications.  My boyfriend ordered from here recently and I had some....and the food was still not good.
I'm aware the tortilla was supposed to be 10 inches and not the burrito... But less than 5 once folded and flat as a board? Come on. 
I'm no stranger to 10 inch burritos.  But when you only fill half of the length of a tortilla with a scoop of stuff and then fold it in haphazardly.... Nah. It was more tortilla than filling. Burrito making isn't hard. Only the ends should be tucked in and the burrito should be solid, not floppy when picked up.
Go anywhere else for your Mexican cravings.Came here after trying to find a good taco place with the lady.
The food was decent. You order at the counter and then pay for your food. It was good for a decent pick me up meal after a long day at the office.The absolute best Mexican spot in New Orleans. The burritos and chimichangas are incredible. The ingredients are always fresh. I highly recommend the frozen margaritas. El Taco Loco is very affordable and offers great deals such as Taco Tuesdays. I could eat here every single day.Wish they had horchata other then that was real good. Good salsas wish they had more options in salsas. Nachos are very good and taco were good wish they had more optionsI love love love  this place! The service is amazing and the food is BOM! You get a great size portion of food and the price is very affordable! By far the best Mexican food in New Orleans!