We arrived at 1130 on a Sunday morning and no wait for a 2 top. The decor is artsy flamboyant NOLA magic, with a pig emphasis to go with the logo, a whole case of "pigurines." We had the famed praline bacon and it was as delicious as you would think, but a lot less crispy than I imagined. I had the duck waffle, which was a shredded duck and mashed sweet potato situation with a chili sauce, scallions and maple syrup dressing atop a cornbread waffle. It was the shit, incredibly tasty. Dara kept it simple with their simple breakfast, though it came with cheese grits which she enjoyed. The iced tea was not great but I didn't care because the food was so spectacular!Great praline bacon. It's just the perfect blend of savory and sweet. The creamy cheese grits are just like home. It's a must while in New Orleans.First of all I would like to start this review with the fact that I had no clue how far this restaurant was from the hotel we were staying at downtown. I was very hungry and a 2.5 mile walk was not what I was looking forward to. Once we arrived at Elizabeths we had to wait another half hour which was ok but needless to say I was starving. When we finally got seated we were seated almost in the bathroom we were so close. We ordered drinks which arrived pretty fast. However, after we ordered our meals they didn't come for another 45 minutes or so. I ordered the duck waffle. The cornbread waffle was perfection as was the sweet potato and duck topping. The pepper jelly that topped my dish was so good that we asked if we could buy a jar to bring back to Chicago. Simply by eating this waffle I was able to forget about the horrible service, long wait and long walk that had brought me to Elizabeths. If the food wasn't so good I'm not sure I would be back.They were out of about half of the small plates when we went for Saturday breakfast at around 9:30AM, but the server didn't know ahead of time, had to keep coming back to tell us they were out of what we'd ordered.  The praline bacon was recommended by several friends, and was delicious.  Four good sized pieces in the order, perfect for sharing.  The corn waffle under the duck hash was nice and light and tender, and the duck and sweet potatoes are a great combo.  The bloody mary and morning margarita were also very good.  Lots of interesting specials on the board - french toast burrito, breakfast tacos, pulled pork benedict.Had such a yummy breakfast here! I ordered the catfish and eggs which was perfect cooked. I also ordered the side of praline bacon which is a must!!! It's pretty much candied bacon with pralines. The price was a lot more expensive that I expected but it was worth it.Awesome spot for breakfast. The fried green tomatoes & grits were the jam! Awesome house made hot sauce too...It was okay. Not sure if today was an off day. But the praline bacon wasn't crispy like I was expecting. Was that turkey bacon? Also my soft shell was too soft! Lol. I wasn't upset nor did I hate my meal. I just wasn't blown away. I won't be craving it. The service was awesome tho! And my cocktail was nice. 
I will give it another shot. And get the egg cochon. That seemed yummy.Great food, atmosphere, and service. Everyone in our group of 6 enjoyed their meal, especially the praline bacon.  We will be back!Two words - praline bacon. You heard right - rashers of bacon with brown sugar and pecans baked into them. Heart-stopping breakfasts and lunches. Lots of great daily specials. Way too much food and then they want to sell you a slice of pie or maybe some chess cake. Tell Heidi that Patrick from San Francisco sent you.Wow factor quality on all counts, we had 4 different brunch choices. Quality and value. Service fine. Recommend and will returnI love it.
Bacon - Bacon - Bacon.
Catfish PoBoy 
9th ward (ByWater) goodness.
Breakfast is really creative, and tasty.By far exceeded all of our expectations! A Little quaint restaurant located off the beaten path. Where ever you are staying in the NOLA area I highly recommend taking a trip over here for breakfast or lunch! We had eggs florentine, and my boyfriend ordered the praline bacon OMG!!!! If you don't eat bacon you will eat Elizabeth's bacon! This was the  best breakfast we had in the city.Amazing food and even better staff! Dax was awesome! They also have brunch everyday, we got the salmon and Brie grilled cheese and the French toast burrito. They don't have bottomless but it's $21 for a bottle of champagne and orange juice.Praline bacon are legit. You gotta come try it. I love it when breakfast places play hip hop music. Also tried the redneck which is fried green tomatoes benedict and that was also delicious. Gotta warn you that it is a bit heavy. Other things that came out of the kitchen smelled equally delicious. Friendly staff. Give it a try pplJust ate here for the first time, and loved it! I had the burger only because I'm on a tight budget but it was really REALLY good. I'll probably go back just for that. Also tried their ooey gooey cake for dessert and felt like I'd died and gone to heaven. A full list of daily specials was cool, just to know you can always try something different. Great atmosphere also!Wish we could have gone for dinner too!
    Sunday brunch was packed. Well why not? It's great food and service.
     Had the Salmon and Brie breakfast and my mouth died and went to heaven. Had a Morning Margarita to accompany and it was just right. There's a frozen drink too, forget what it's called, but it was yumaliscious. Chocolate and nutmeg...
     The space is beautiful and bright. Kate and Mary did a great job taking care of everyone.
     The only weird part was the owner showed up later and his little kids took their shoes off and played on the pool table. I guess it's his place, he can do what he wants. Just odd.Great breakfast spot that came highly recommended when visiting NOLA. Enjoyed all the food, especially the fried green tomatoes with poached egg and hash browns. The meat eaters had great things to say about the praline bacon, oyster po boy and crab cakes. Will return when visiting NOLA in the future!I've dined here many times for both lunch and dinner.
The location has a decent sized eating area downstairs decorated with plain jane tables and local art on the wall that is also for sale. I have not seen the upstairs area yet.
The service sometimes feels a little slow as there doesn't seem to be many wait staff at a given time on the floor. I have no clue about the back kitchen...but I still come back.
Oh boy..Lunch Time "Big Ass Burger"... this takes awhile to come out but, when it does... I feel like falling out of my chair when I'm done. It's big and seasoned like a backyard burger. 
Dinner is nice as well. The staff can help you pick an entree and a paired wine if you're into such.
I've brought many local and out of town friends here and everyone seemed to be happy with the food that they've ordered. It's a nice place to come in a group for casual dining. Perhaps not as romantic for a couple.Always go here when I visit New Orleans.  The boiled shrimp with remoulade with fried green tomatoes or the salad version are delicious.I had been searching for a proper plate of fried chicken ever since I arrived in Louisiana.  I will search no longer because Elizabeth's is the place.  For $12 I was served a giant plate of crispy fried chicken with sides of lima beans, collard greens, and bacon cabbage.  It was the best southern meal that I had in New Orleans.  I found it very difficult to find this quality of southern cookin anywhere in the French Quarter.  So if you have a rental car, or don't mind grabbing a cab, this place is worth the ride.Very meh eggs florentine dish. That spinach sauce tasted like nothing. The deep friend oysters however had a lot of flavor. MASSIVE PORTION. Shared with one friend and plenty potatoes leftoGreat local spot. The Crabby is a must to try.  Great staff, great food, comparable to Mothers (if not better).If I were a local and not on vacation this would definitely be one of my brunch spots. It's removed from the hullabaloo that is the French Quarter and has that dive-tacular vibe. We started with the praline bacon which was tasty. I went with shrimp and grits, since after all I was in shrimpsville. The grits were creamy and the shrimp was fresh. The beef gravy was the perfect sauce to marry the two. The service was friendly.
There was a minor issue of an extraneous drink being on our check. The waitress apologized and took it off once I mentioned it to her. Overall, worth checking out if you're in NOLA.Praline bacon and bloody mary's in a to go cup. A great start to a brilliant weekend.It was a very good breakfast spot and every plate as well as every menu option looked amazing. I thought the pricing was high for this style of eatery. I would definitely go back again but I think due to the pricing and waits it wouldn't be my favorite spot if I were local. More of 2-3 times a year kind of place. An outstanding place to visit as a tourist with its own little charm. I had the smoked pork chops breakfast platter with praline bacon on the side 25$. A Bloody Mary was 9$. All was excellent.SO YUMMY. Came with friends for a sat brunch, i believe. The wait was roughly 20 mins which goes by fast if you spend it drinking at the bar upstairs. I had the steak and eggs which were seasoned perfectly and DELISH. also got a side of praline bacon, which basically was the best thing i've EVER TASTED IN LIFE. GET IT. and don't share, i regret sharing.You have to go to this place while you're in NOLA! The food is amazing. The staff (just like most places in NOLA) is wonderful, and the little shack its in is a phot opp in itself. 
This was about a $14 cab ride from the CBD and you can get a drink from the bar upstairs while you wait. The bloody Mary's were great. The green beans in them taste like Christmas. 
Once we were seated, I ordered the duck waffle- a corn bread waffle mashed sweet potato, duck hash and pepper jelly. I added poached eggs on top (because everything is better w eggs). My friend ordered the eggs florentine and we had to get the praline bacon to share. Both meals were delicious and the bacon was everything. I could totally eat a whole side of that on my own. 
The food (as most southern food is) was pretty heavy so we actually walked back to our hotel through the residential areas and ended up taking a stroll through the French Market on the way!"Love you Elizabeth!"
Just a quick trip to breakfast on my own, with but one dish to measure, but she delivered. This quirky but honest spot delivered a delicious, original meal. I devoured a breakfast Burrito that included their famed (and memorable) praline bacon, sausage and eggs wrapped in a french toast sauced tortilla and served in a pool of warm maple syrup. Simple, original and super delicous. Quick, pleasant, fun and tasty. 
Cheers to Elizabeth!Before you eat brunch here, make sure you've taken care of your errands-- because you will go into a food coma afterwards.
Read the menu, unless you are a super-finicky eater you will find plenty of options.  
Praline bacon is the best of both worlds-- salty pork slathered in a maple-y coating.  The biscuits are the BEST in town (so far).  Which could make it the best biscuit in the world.  (This is the Culinary Mecca for the South.)
The two best brunch entrees would have to be the grillades and grits or the shrimp and grits.  On my last visit, I ordered the catfish and eggs.  The catfish was a little salty-- but not anymore than any catfish in any New Orleans restaraunt.
The bartender makes a delicious bloody mary-- although what she has in mixology skills she lacks in memory skills.  She forgot my friend's order and made five drinks before she even made eye contact with us again.
The past few times I have been the duck waffles did not look as if it had as much duck as I remember from earlier trips.  So I skipped it.
Okay-- back to the good.  The portions are large.  If you go hungry your eyes will definitely be bigger than your stomach.  I am not one to over eat.  It has to be one hell of a meal for me to ignore my body telling me I'm full.
Every trip to Elizabeth's has been a hell of a meal.  Afterwards, I always have a hell of a nap.Truly terrible service.
I used to love this place. The food is good, and the atmosphere is fun. I used to bring every visitor here for weekend brunch and meet colleagues here for lunch. After my experience today, I will never patronize this establishment again.
My friend and I were kept waiting outside for over 90 minutes for a table. They sat at least 4 parties that put their names in after us, and 2 of those parties were the same size as ours. When I asked about this they offered no explanation, did not let us see the list of waiting parties, and made no effort to provide even a modicum of customer service. I have no idea why they behaved this way. Though my party was the only party waiting that was not all white.
Do not eat here. Walk a few blocks to Booty's Street Food instead as I did. The food is better, the drinks are more exciting, and the service is far superior.So happy that a friend recommended Elizabeth's. I was getting fed up with the tourist trap French quarter food. 
I highly recommend it to everyone who wants to eat real food! I had the crabby cakes with grits so good! Grits cooked to perfection! 
A friend had the red neck breakfast  (fried green tomato Benedict) I had a bite and it was perfection! The tomato was fried perfectly and the combo of egg and hollandaise was well done. 
Lastly the smoked pork chop breakfast I tried the pork and it was pure flavor and perfectly cooked still moist!
Lastly we each had a slice of the praline Bacon.... So worth it! Baconee, sweet, salty, nutty.... You can't go wrong.  (I read a review of some genius stating it tastes no different then dipping your bacon in maple syrup... Go back to IHOP)This was one of the best breakfasts I have ever had in my life. Off the beaten path but worth seeking out, regardless of where you are in NOLA. The Bayou Breakfast was amazing, and the delicious bloody mary we had to start made the meal even better. Fried catfish, poached eggs, maple-praline bacon, homemade biscuits, great coffee. Incredible service, great prices, cool place. This place was heaven on earth.The last two times visiting this place it was so hot!! We mentioned it both times and was told the AC was broken & there's nothing they can do... I found the hostess was a little snooty & very into her cellphone... The wait staff was alright & the food was disappointing... We had scrambled eggs, French toast, & a veggie omlet...all were tasteless. The hash browns were way over fried & cold...also tasteless. As much as I wanted to like this place, we won't be back.We were surprisingly disappointed with this restaurant after all the high reviews. We had a huge breakfast with the breakfast po boy, praline bacon, bayou breakfast with fried catfish and fried green tomatoes. Honestly, we have no idea why this place is so popular. Our sandwich came with chewy not fresh bread that didn't have much flavor. The fried catfish was bland and boring. We liked the fried green tomatoes but found the biscuit to be doughy and undercooked. The praline bacon for which they're know for was basically yummy bacon candy- good but pretty expensive. Definitely overrated.Shut up and go here y'all. First and foremost, Jen AKA #NOLAPOTTER is the best bartender, go upstairs and see her. We got 2 Irish coffees, getting 2 to go because they are that deal. I ordered the Bananas Foster and a cup of seafood gumbo. Hubby ordered the eggplant special. Got our food and I liked his better (no shade to the bananas Foster, just was in the mood for savory after I tasted the sweet). Get you a man who will switch entrees with you. The food was amazing and flavorful. Now let me go ahead and order these to go drinks and keep living my best life. Check out @nolapotter on Instagram too because service workers make this world go round all the while having multiple talents and gigs, ya dig!?While visiting New Orleans, my friends and I came here for breakfast twice! Let's just say, if I lived in NOLA, I would come here at least a couple times a week. This place is a true neighborhood gem and I highly recommend it!
This place is absolutely delicious! I had French toast and a biscuit the first day (see pictures) and scrambled eggs, home potatoes and a biscuit the second time. Everything was delicious and cooked just right! The biscuits were to dye for and my mouth is watering as I reflect on them! My two girlfriends that I came on this trip with also loved their food! I understand I am from one of the most expensive cities to live in (San Francisco), but the prices here were unreal! $6 for 2 eggs, tons of potatoes and a biscuit?! Unreal! Their coffee here and bloody Mary's were amazing! I loved how the waiter gave us coffee to go, without charging extra or any hesitation - great service! 
The decor here is very down to earth. I love how they have tons of local art all over the walls. I also love how although they were trying to play jazzy music in the restaurant itself, you can hear Drake blasting from the kitchen.As someone who has visited New Orleans every year for the past 16 years (and having hit at least 100 restaurants during that time), I somehow never bothered to go to Elizabeth's despite hearing about their bacon for at least the past 10 years. Finally visited this past November. Could not be more disappointed on all fronts. Our group of 5 tried 7 different dishes, not one of them (aside from the bacon) was worth the visit.like patrick said:  it's really all about the praline bacon.  i've only been for breakfast, and apart from the bacon, it was just an above-average southern artery-clogging breakfast, probably three stars on its own.  but, a world where praline bacon is not worth an additional star by itself is a world in which i do not want to live.  i say, go for breakfast, order the praline bacon with some eggs and a biscuit on the side.
oh, and they have a breakfast po'boy.  i didn't get it, but it looked like a holy mess.The praline bacon was as good as I have read about.  Had the eggs Elizabeth.  Got the hashbrowns, wow!  Very busy place, the cleaniliness of the floor in the downstairs dining room left a bit to be desired!  Would definately go back.  
Any suggestions for what I should order on a second visit?Very fresh, tasty food, great service, and nice atmosphere.  You expect lots of good flavors from a New Orleans restaurant, and Elizabeth's definitely delivers.I heard in the past that Elizabeth's is overrated, but recently I also heard some rave reviews, so I decided to give it a go today for the first time.  Two of my friends and I decided to go here for a birthday brunch.
I ordered the eggs cochon.  The poached eggs were cold, as were the poached eggs on the eggs sardou that my friend (the birthday girl) ordered.  We briefly considered sending them back, but we were hungry, and it seemed like too much of a hassle.  (We got to the restaurant half an hour after opening.  We were puzzling at how a poached egg even ends up cold half an hour after opening.  I suppose they were pre-poached and that the kitchen staff half-heartedly rewarmed them.  Sad, sad, SAD.)
The pulled pork with the eggs cochon tasted great.  But the portions were small, and with the cold eggs, well... it was very underwhelming. 
EVERYTHING about this experience was mediocre.  The creamed spinach in my friend's eggs sardou was "meh."  The coffee tasted thin and tinny.  My friend defended the coffee, saying, "What do you expect? I'ts like diner coffee!" I hear that... but this is not a diner, people!  This is an establishment that serves $15-25 DOLLAR ENTREES for BREAKFAST.  Brewing *somewhat decent* coffee isn't that hard.  I'm not asking for a fancy single-origin, organic roast here.  Stepping up their coffee game even a little would not be that hard, or expensive.
I am just so sad that this is the place I decided to take my friend for her birthday brunch.  Sure, overpriced, mediocre brunch food is plentiful in this city.  But having deliberated and carefully selected Elizabeth's as our brunch spot makes it sting all that much more.
I will NEVER go here again. 
PS - Yes, we got the praline bacon, and yes, it was good.  But I don't think that an establishment's ability to caramelize sugar on 4 slices of bacon (and charge $7 for it) merits the recognition that Elizabeth's receives, by ANY stretch of the imagination!Service was great and the bright colored paintings on the wall give some great ambiance. We came late morning on a weekday and had no trouble being seated. I had the smoked salmon and brie and my boyfriend had s French toast burrito special and we split the prailine bacon (A MUST). Would highly recommendI visit Elizabeth's about once a year. I was curious to try one of the chalkboard specials, Eggs Sardou. Eggs Sardou consists of two poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce atop a bed of creamed spinach and artichoke bottoms. Normally, a hearty breakfast due to the bulk of the spinach. 
Elizabeth's set theirs atop a thin sauce of pureed creamed spinach. This made it a very light dish and did not fill me up. I was really looking forward to the traditional creamed spinach. And although I love artichokes, their artichoke bottoms tasted very "briny," like canned artichokes, so I did not eat them. That left two small poached eggs and a side of grits for my breakfast. Probably only enough to satisfy the lightest of eaters. I think the $15.00 price would have been more appropriate if it had included a couple of slices of toast, or a biscuit, or something.
Disappointed in that particular dish, but I would go back and try something else. The grillades and grits looked great! OH - and the mimosa is a very generous portion size. It's served in a small plastic bar cup, but it seems like it held a lot more mimosa than if it had been served in a champagne flute.What a great find! Our Uber driver recommended this place for brunch. Very busy and service a little slow, but worth it. The food was amazing!An awesome breakfast joint.  You won't go wrong with anything you order.Great burger! Yummy ! Crab cakes  kinda shabby place yet the food was tasty! I would go againI've been here numerous times over the years when I visit.  When I went last Thursday it was very disappointing.  I ordered the two egg breakfast, biscuit, hash browns, and praline bacon.  The eggs were fine since those have to be made to order.  The "hash browns" aka fried potatoes were piping hot. The biscuit was horrible. Did they even make it that morning? It was over cooked and hard. I probably could have played hockey with it.  The bacon was eh, I've had it better from here.  Not sure if something was off that day or what.  The place was not even busy.  I hope it was just a fluke.My husband and I used AirBNB to find lodging in Bywater.  We were not disappointed.  We really felt like locals.  Anyway, because this place had so many great reviews, we decided to try it.  It was awesome!  My husband had the Elizabeth's Breakfast which he loved.  I had the Redneck breakfast, fried green tomatoes with eggs and potatoes with a delicious and tasty, not heavy, hollandaise sauce.  My boys, 4 and 3, shared a Banana Foster French Toast plate.  All the food was excellent.  We also ordered the praline bacon since it seems to be the hit of the restaurant, but it just made us want real bacon with our meals.  We went on a Sunday morning around 0830 and it was pretty empty.  However, we heard from other locals that it is beyond packed once it hits about 10 a.m.I LOVE this restaurant!  Have been for breakfast a few times, and finally had the opportunity to go for dinner.  The staff is so nice and accommodating, and the restaurant is very cozy.  
We had the following;
Fried green tomatoes
Praline bacon (this alone is worth the trip)
Flat iron steak (cooked to perfection) and 
   accompanied by our choice of sides (we ordered 
   corn and green beans- both had a little heat)
Too full to have dessert but they have a nice selection. Check out the online menuFriendly, great food and cocktails. Had a lovely time with my family on our first night in town. And when I left my credit card, and realized it the next day, they had recovered it, kept it safe and returned it with a smile. Lovely place.We have been eating our way through this town! I ordered the Redneck eggs (fried green tomatoes, poached eggs, hollandaise), cheese grits, and a biscuit & gravy. The biscuit & gravy was so darn good - and the hollandaise is perfect on the eggs/tomatoes. My boyfriend ordered the pork chop with hash browns. The hash browns were a little on the salty-side. All in all, a great breakfast.Heard SO much about this place, I finally got my butt off the couch and went! I went during a home Saints game so there was no wait. I loved the bright floral vinyl tablecloths in contrast to the ALSO bright mint painted walls and flood of local folk art. Specials abounded on the chalkboard both for drinks and brunch specials. Of course they are known for their praline bacon, but if not for that item, they should be known for their laid back & friendly neighborhood vibe and super cool waitstaff.I had the crabby eggs, it was flavorful, however, I wish there were jumbo lumps. There were also pieces of shell in the crab cakes which detracts from me enjoying it fully.New Orleans,filled with food.  I would say this and Jacques Imo's were my favorite meals.  We went here for brunch and Praline Bacon...but the whole place rocks...Don't be intimidated by the website...the place is super down to earth,from it's location to the server Brooke...So lovely
waffles,boudin balls....nothing super pretentious,just good food.BF:  You want some meat candy, baby?
Me:  Ewww!   {{smacks BF in back of head}}
--------
Elizabeth's menu:  Bacon Praline, $5
Me:  Oh my gosh, meat candy! Nom, nom, nom!
(If you want to keep that Bacon Praline in your stomach, don't visit their restroom.)Located outside of the French quarter, you will need to Uber or grab a taxi to get here.  The drive should not deter you, this is well worth it!  The decorations and unique ambience are the first thing you will notice about this restaurant followed by the exceptional food.  The menu is compact but full of creative culinary choices.  The boudin balls and praline bacon are a must have.  The large house mimosa is tasty and an excellent price for the size of the drink (no need to upgrade to the top shelf champagne offered). The portions are huge and prices are reasonable, you will not leave hungry.  Extra bonus, all drinks come in a souvenir cup!For me - died and went to heaven type of place. 
Ordered Redneck breakfast with grits (fried green tomatoes - with eggs and hollandaise) - side of praline bacon. Coffee is beautifully strong and dark.
Tasted the catfish -perfectly cooked. Moist and tender with a perfectly crunchy cornmeal crust.
Also tasted smoked pork chop - meaty. Lightly smoky. Could cut with a fork. 
Even though we were seated quickly - the server took our order soon - it took a little time before the food arrived for us. Worth the wait - just be patient. I may need to eat here everyday.We were seated right away and It is a good environment but the food is pretty underwhelming. We got the red neck breakfast and 2 mimosas, and it wasn't very good and over priced (came out to 55 dollars for 2 people)Adorable, colorful and friendly environment.  I got the praline bacon and an omelette and was very happy.  My mom saw more then she could eat with her order of a Belgium waffle, fried green tomatoes, scrambled eggs and ham.  (We were on vacation) but we all helped her eat as much as possible.  I'm not normally a fan of fried green tomatoes but they were really good.One word...Awesome! Everything is fresh and tasty! With good sized portions.
Southern eats at their best!  Mmmm! Praline bacon!!!!  Try their fried green tomatoes too!I received a message from Yelp HQ that my first review of this establishment was removed because "it did not provide enough detail about my customer experience".  I think it was removed because one of the employees did not like what I had to say.  I say this because she private messaged me and asked me to remove my review.  That's how I know her name.  I'll elaborate further this time on my experience.
Two of our party of four checked in and were promptly told it would be a two hour wait and we could either leave or head up to the bar and check in when our full party was present.  We chose to head up to the bar.  Five minutes later the other half arrived and after learning of the wait, one person decided to bail.   A member of our party informed the same hostess, Megan, that our full party was present and that we would be three.  Megan did not respond to her.  When she asked if she'd been heard she was given an abrupt "Yes", Megan then pushed past her.  Our friend met us up in the bar.
We proceed to get drinks from the very busy bar.  I've never seen a bartender move in slow motion before, but hey, we had nothing but time to kill.  About a half hour later Megan returns and barks "I need this table, move".  We begin gathering the wet jackets we had on a single chair, but it wasn't fast enough for Megan.  "I said Move!" and she pushed me with her hip.  I called her out on it and said "we are moving as quickly as we can, your customer service skills are terrible".  No response.
Another hour goes by, it's close to the two hour mark at this point, so my friend who originally put our names in goes down to check.  He checks with Megan.  She tells him "you're not on my list, check with the other hostess".  The other hostess doesn't have our name either.  We were seated about ten minutes later.  The food was really good.  But I'll never be back and I'll never send anyone to this place after the experience with the hostess.
Is that enough detail for you, Yelp HQ?Is it strange to say I fantasize about brunch here, and I can't even remember what I had?  I feel like everything there is great.  Maybe I had the shrimp and grits.  I remember noticing the specials board after I ordered.  It would have been nice if our server had mentioned that there were brunch specials before we placed our orders off the menu.  She assured me that our choices were great and that we wouldn't be disappointed.  And, she was right.  Brunch here was the best way to start our weekend in New Orleans.  The three of us sat upstairs and immediately ordered beverages and an order of the praline bacon.  We shared an order of the biscuits, too.Megan is a great waitperson who handles all questions with patience and a smile. 
Great little neighborhood place with bright cheerful decor that made me feel I was in a beachside town in Mexico. The menu has a large selection of interesting items. I had the Calas - my first time - delicious! And the fried tomatoes was done right. The Po' Boy my husband had was HUGE and delicious. Their crab cakes are also very good. 
Highly recommended.I went to meet family for breakfast this morning the place was empty only two tables taken.  I informed the hostess that I was waiting for two more people. She informed me that all members of my party needed to be present before I could be seated.  I asked where she wanted me to wait until they arrived her response was outside.  I responded you want me to wait outside at which time I told her to forget it.  I am a well groomed black professional astonished that I could be treated so poorly.   I called my folks and told them to meet me at the Ruby SlipperA terrible experience all the way around. It took 1.5 hours since the time we sat down and ate. Ordered the BLT which should have been listed in the menu as a salad, not a sandwich, it was a pile of lettuce, drenched in oil, with a sliver of tomato and then after 2 bites, found a hair in it.....so after waiting forever, all I got to eat was fries. The waiter barely came to see how we were and a manager never came to the table to see how it was going after multiple issues. As a server myself, the experience was beyond disappointing .Great place.  Somewhat of a funky interior,  which works really well.  A little out of the way,  but excellent food.  The praline bacon is awesome on top of awesome.I have been here a couple times and am yet to be blown out of the water. I suppose my expectations may have been a bit high, but I just don't see what all of the of fuss is about. 
Elizabeth's has a cool New Orleansy / Bywater feel to it, especially the bar upstairs. They have great brunch cocktails.
The last time I went there, we only waited about 20 min for our table, which is not bad for Sunday morning. We entertained ourselves at the bar upstairs while having some pretty good drinks. 
We were very unfortunately seated right next to the restrooms. To give you a better idea of how close we were, I would close the door from my seat when people left it open. The table we sat at needs to be eliminated from their seating chart.
Although the place was pretty crowded, I expected better service. Our waitress did not tell us what the specials were and when we asked she responded with "they are on the board over there." This board was one that we had to walk around a corner to see. 
The restaurant was also really warm.
The only saving grace was the delicious food. Another New Orleans menu that I could literally eat everything from.I was really excited to come through this past Sunday because I wanted to try Elizabeth's for the longest ! 
It wasn't too pack at 1030AM but we were told there would be a 10 minute wait. I totally understand that. Boyfriend & I headed to the bar upstairs & grabbed morning cocktails. 
Ghetto fabulous mimosa (6$) & Royal Pimm's Cup (9$). Pricey for what it is!
Praline Bacon (7$). Four strips of what could be the best damn bacon you'll ever have. I love the texture. The flavors, sweet & salty. Must have! 
I opted for the Duck Waffle ($15). It was very one dimensional. I love breakfast for everything that it is. The simplicity that meshes so well together. Saltiness of bacon, sweetness of jelly, texture of fluffy eggs, & a crunch of toast. Anyways, it's just mashed sweet potatoes & what little duck I could find (which added no flavor) on top of another mushy waffle. The pepper jelly added a touch of spice but nothing worth noting. 
Boyfriend chose the St. Charles (15$?) special. Blacken drum topped with two poached eggs & hollandaise. Served with your choice of grits or hashbrowns. I picked the hashbrowns which are breakfast potatoes. This dish was also meh. I enjoy hollandaise for it's creamy tartness. Which I felt Elizabeth's lacked. Overall, I felt that this dish needed more textures and flavors. The potatoes weren't anything either. 
Overall, my expectations of Elizabeth's succeeded my actual experience. I won't be back for brunch because most menu choices are variations of what I tried.Great find.  We were lucky to have relatives in the area who knew about this place.
Get an order of praline bacon to try.  it is bacon-candy.
We went for brunch on a Friday and the place was packed with a wait before we left.  I had the Eggs Elizabeth which were great.
Do not let the neighborhood nor the outdoor appearance fool you.Second visit to Elizabeth's was much more what I was expecting. Praline bacon was not soggy and the breakfast dishes had depth and flavor. Will go back.No idea why it's so popular. We walked over a mile from the Garden District to have quite ordinary diner food. The portions were HUGE but that doesn't = good dining experience for me, personally. We regretted the long walk there and back.I used to watch Fried Green Tomatoes with my Grandma every time I slept over when I was little. I always imagined they would taste a certain way but they never did until I came to Elizabeth's ! So good I came here twice in one week. Loved the bloody Mary's and the bacon !! The park across the street is not to be missed.Praline bacon and Banana's Foster French toast are both to die for!  Plus I came at a downtime in the day. The staff was very friendly and help me pick something I would enjoy off the menu. I love the relaxed atmosphere, no rush type feeling you get from this place. I will definitely be back to try more!Memorable dishes. Everything was plated beautifully and tasted just as good. Unique combinations of flavors...makes me hungry just thinking about it. The Bloody Mary was gooooood and I had several. Enormous space and for a good reason- people flock here! Go here!Wow it's good.  If you're hoping for brunch right at noon on Sunday, you'll have a wait but it's worth it.
Praline bacon is amazing.  The biscuits are huge.  Eggs done right.  Deciding between dishes was the hardest thing for brunch.
Dinner is like having your mother (well, not mine, she doesn't cook) whip up something that's going to make your belly happy.  The sides written on the chalkboard are hard to choose, they all look so good.  Had the braised cabbage and sweet potatoes and they made me happy.  Huge portions, inexpensive wine, charming little house to eat it all in.We loved eating here, although it was a long wait to get seated.  There is a bar upstairs where you can enjoy a Bloody Mary and peruse the menu.  We started with the Seafood Stuffed Mirliton with Green Onion Sauce, and boy, was it good.  We also ordered the Sweet Potato and Duck Hash on top of a Corn Bread Waffle with Pepper jelly.  It was wonderful and the waiter was quick to bring more jelly upon request.   We couldn't resist the Pork chops, Country Gravy and eggs, either!
We left full and smiling!Joy the Baker told me to come here for their praline bacon and a good brunch. But with so many places to eat, I only stopped in on a Friday morning for their bacon. The bottom floor of Elizabeth's was packed and it looked dingy and dark, but the upstairs has a bar with lots of beautiful natural lighting. I sat at the bar and the service was fabulous. The bartender was really nice and chatty.Food good but only warm.  Much too expensive for what we ordered. The service was very poor.  We had to ask for items three, four or more times.Staff seemed annoyed and the food was just ok. I expected more after reading all the glowing reviews. If the food was amazing I could forgive the staff but the food was just average, I've had better in New Orleans.I ventured out of my comfort zone and tried The duck waffle!  It's duck and sweet potato hash served on a cornbread waffle.  I was rewarded by the risk!  Simply amazing!  My friend ordered the stuffed French toast (st
Great portion size, decent price for the food (though the menu might be a bit spendy for folks who are looking for just a quick breakfast bite).  
The place looks a little dumpy from the outside, but I think it adds to the charm.  I like places like this... Places that serve great food, but obviously don't take themselves to seriously.
Server could have been a little more attentive, but she wasn't horrible either.