Food is good, but quite overpriced. It's tourist oriented, not locals oriented. Just paid $14 for a small piece of fish over raw grape tomatoes. Contrast this with the Good Bird vendor where one can get a very large 1/4 chicken (hormone free, etc) and two sides (a big meal) for two bucks less. I'll stick to the chicken.Grateful for Chef Brandon and his staff, wonderful food and service. Charbroiled Oysters with crab meat and bacon cmon somebody!!!I had a sampler of oysters on the half shell. The oysters were completed covered in dirt/mud. They had not been rinsed at all, so while opening them clearly part of the dirt ended inside the oyster. The same, dirty knife was used to detach the oyster from the shell, making the oyster "muddy". 
I considered sending them back, then decided to eat them anyway. They were very average oysters.
In short: highly NOT recommended, at least for oysters.I've eaten at St. Roch Market many times, and most of the vendos' food is really good but today was my first time to eat at Elysian Seafood.  I wouldn't go back.  I had the catfish poboy, which took a REALLY LONG TIME and I was the only customer.  Over 10 minutes.  It was terrible.   I didn't make it though the first half of the small poboy.  Threw the rest away.  It seems the only attempt at flavor was a LOT of hot sauce.The first bite had a catfish bone about 1 or 1.5 inches long.  The catfish was .....slimy.....is the only word that comes to mind.  The bread fell apart right away so it was really messy to eat.  Yuch.  I had an immediate upset stomach.  Catfish is one of my favorite foods but it will be a while before I can think about eating it again.  It's hard to get a bad meal in New Orleans but I just did.Best crab claws ever, so fresh and meaty. The whole menu is delicious and finger licking good. They had a 99 cent Oyster deal when we went so be on the look out for that too!Located at St. Roch Market (this market is becoming my favorite place to visit while vacationing in New Orleans), on the left hand side, next door to The Mayhaw Bar. 
My husband came here about 17 minutes before closing and took advantage of their happy hour special (Happy Hour: $0.75 oysters Sunday-Thursday 8-9 pm & Friday-Saturday 10-11 pm) and ordered 10 oysters ($7.50 + $0.75 tax= $8.25 total, prior to tip). 
The oysters (served raw), were delicious and fresh. This order came with cocktail sauce and a side of horseradish (neither of which I like to have with my raw oysters) and a few lemon wedges. We didn't wait too long for our oysters after making an order. 
But I just wished the sizing of the oysters were a little bit more consistent because we got some large oysters but also some small ones as well on our plate. 
Fresh oysters for $0.75 a piece is definitely a great deal and will be back for another round.This place had some of the best fresh oysters I've had in the city. Brandon and Steven were cool guys to talk to and their food was delicious. I got to try their alligator sausage po-boy and I loved it. They also had a delicious bbq shrimp. Definitely recommend it to all!A friend and I tried the gumbo here and it was awful! It tasted and looked like dirty water and it cost about 7$.... We were super disappointed. I suppose I can't fully judge this place, as I didn't try their raw seafood. Try the stall across the way if you want tastier gumbo.The grilled oysters were amazing.  Terrific flavor, pretty reasonably priced.  I prefer grilled oysters to raw, and these are some of the best that I've have. 
The Alligator Hash was good, but not entirely what I was hoping for.  It was alligator sausage with egg and potatoes.  Perhaps the hash was just shown up by Fete au Fete across the hall.It was just okay. Don't eat here if you're really hungry. Portions were meager. My lox sandwich was unremarkable and the burnt bread didn't help. I tried my friend's crawfish cakes and potato hash, which were decent enough.Had the marinated crab claws and charbroiled oysters.  Crab claws delicious almost pickled.  Oysters all select grade.  Larger than acme on average but not quite as tasty due to sauce.  Recommended.The Auction house Market was our first stop in Nola. A fancy food market with a variet of  businesses to choose from. There is a central bar area surrounded by seating areas. Did I particularly enjoy fishing for seats, NO. It was in fact annoying- but it is a food market- go figure.
Elysian Seafood was my pick of the day- I am in Nola, of course I am going to have seafood! 
I wanted to more than one dish so I went with half portions of the gulf seafood ceviche 8$ as well as the crab cakes ~13$. The ceviche 2/5 (seafood medley was marinated in coconut milk,cucumber, mint and jalapeno with a side of tortilla chips) although sounded appealing, really lacked flavour especially working with coconut I expected more of a creamy richness to it but it was more watery.  The crab cakes 4/5 were so good! I have never sampled crab cakes with corn cream sauce on a bed of potatoes. The combination was so powerful. The crab cakes were flaky and light but glazed in the creamed corn added a southern touch to this dish. So good!
A lot of people were ordering the grilled garlic oysters that seemed like a popular dish. 
Glad I got to try some local cuisine!St. Roch Market is a destination and Elysian Seafood is what makes it a destination for me. The special is always fine dining quality at gourmet lunch counter prices.I'm partial to pacific, cold water oysters and avoid others. However, I tried the 3 local oysters provided and I was shocked how good they are! Two of them were medium to large size (which is usually a huge no) and were meaty and really good. Recommended to oyster lovers!i couldn't decide on what to get cause everything seemed amazing; so I got the seafood tower which came with a few different menu options. You get to watch them prepare it right in front of you and the guy who works there does an excellent job shucking the oysters! He does it quick, clean, and smoothly slips it off the muscle. My favorite part of the tower was the ceviche! Also they were nice enough to let me substitute an item on the tower for another item on the menu. If I'm ever in New Orleans again I will definitely be going back here.Gulf shrimp cocktail from Elysian, Prosecco cocktail from next door and a perfectly sunny 72 degrees. This portland girl found her jam. Did I mention there's an art gallery a block away?Reviewed while eating a blackened catfish poboy and sipping on a stubborn mule @Mayhaw. 
#the skimm
This is one of the best poboys I've eaten.  
Blackened Wild Catfish Poboy - Roasted garlic mayo, tomatoes, arugula, pickled turnips $10
The flavors are complex and I love it. Spicy catfish, sour turnips, deep roasted garlic flavor. highly recommended. 
This is right up there with killer poboy. Another favorite of mine. 
My one complaint, the order/pick up process is confusing since there's no dedicated tables. 
They didn't take my name or give me a number.  I watched other restaurants deliver food to patrons at Mayhaw bar.  I ended up going back to the counter to pick up my food. During that process I lost my seat and my drink at Mayhaw. Read my skimm on that @Mayhaw.I give this place 4 stars for three noticeable reasons: 
The oysters are absolutely delicious.
The fact this place is in the location it is is SO COOL.
The service was amazing.
I highly recommend anyone traveling with a group to go to this place because if you want seafood and they decide they do not they can still get what they want while you get some of the best oysters around for a reasonable price!Order: Coconut Curry Gulfport Shrimp over rice
Price: $12
Pros: Shrimp was amazing, best shrimp I've ever had
Cons: The curry sauce to the actual dish was good but not as flavorful as I would have liked
Thoughts: At the same time we ate out shrimp and grits from Fete au Fete we got a dish from Elysian Seafood and decided to split them. I don't think my wife has ever had head-on shrimp and while it took her off guard at first she loved it once she dug in, and this shrimp was incredible. Large, juicy, succulent, freshly caught gulf port shrimp....dear lord, it really was unbelievably good. 
While I would have been content to eat just a massive bowl of this shrimp the coconut curry sauce that came with it was just a little "weak". I don't want to say it was bland because it definitely has some good flavors, but it almost seemed like it got a bit watered down after it hit the perfect level of seasoning. I'm not sure if we just came close enough to closing that we got what was left of the "batch" but it left me wishing the coconut curry flavor was a little stronger. Regardless the shrimp was just stupid good and the overall dish was still delicious.Closer to a zero star. 
We ordered a shrimp BBQ po'boy and we got a bun with a few shrimp. NOTHING close to what a po'boy is. Considering that we paid $14 for the sandwhich, we were expecting a legit po'boy but I don't even know what we got. We were so disappointed because we had tried several other restaurants inside the marketplace and we were excited about trying this one. 
I am. It quite sure what happened but again, we did not get a po'boy. 
See pictures to see what we actually got!We stopped in the market because a Yelp search yielded another restaurant (right next to them) with some good reviews and oysters (which is what my Dad was really after). What a great find! It was wonderful wandering around checking out all of the eat-in options, the take-away selections, and better yet, just having such a relaxing, bright, clean place to enjoy it all in.
With all the options to choose from, it was tough, but, I have been really watching what I eat and knew I wanted something mostly vegetable and protein (this narrowed down the selection quite a bit for me). From Elysian in particular, the crab & arugula salad stood out...not only because it sounded like a delicious combo of ingredients, but because ALL of the ingredients were ones that were diet-approved (score!) 
Ya know how sometimes salads are afterthoughts, and eating them just kind of makes you feel sad inside? Not so, with this gem of a salad. It was out of bounds good. Seriously. So fresh (the crab meat in particular), and so light (not heavily dressed, which is perfect for me), yet satisfying. It was truly one of the best salads I've ever eaten and I still think about it. My sister got the crab cake, which she highly enjoyed. She said it was full of meat (not just a bunch of filler the way that other joints make them). The service was also great, and I would highly recommend!Had a great crab cake for a snack today at St. Roch Market.  They do a fantastic job and their pop-ups are just as good!The most weird cabin at this weird food court (st. Roch) They charged me $16 for TINY MICRO piece of overspiced fish with TINY MICRO portion of awfully cooked rice and greens. Scammers!We only had the ceviche here, so that's the only item my review is based on.  Their ceviche was the worst I've ever had, and I like ceviche.  My wife didn't like it either, and she rarely complains about a dish.  The problem was that there was almost no flavor.  My guess is the cause was either the choice of fish or too little lime juice.My friends and I walked to St Roch Market to grab brunch. Figured it would be good since everyone can get something different and to their liking.
I was really craving a Lox Sandwich so I chose to Elysian and it was the worst decision ever. The sandwich was not good. First off everything was lacking inbetween the bun - minimal cream cheese and smoked salmon. Also the lox was bad... very fishy... the worst lox I've ever had. The best thing was the salad it came with. DO NOT GET.
I also wanted to their BBQ Po Boy and that too was not good. There was minimal shrimp in the sandwich and flavors lacking. There was nothing BBQ about this po boy either. 
Also there was no one at the counter for like 15 minutes. We were confused as to if this place was open or not. We should have just picked different place instead of waiting for someone to come. 
A definite disappointment.We had Mother's Day brunch at the newly renovated St Roch Market yesterday and I had a fabulous bagel and lox plate from Elysian Seafood.  The lox was without a doubt the best I've ever had, even better than all the lox I tried while living in NY.  The chef/owners are engaging, friendly and knowledgeable about their dishes.  The shared space is beautiful and full of energy.  A welcome addition to the New Orleans and the Marigny neighborhood.  Can't wait to go back!I came into the St Roch Market looking for something lite & I found it in Elysian Seafood. Lots of choices, but as I said ' something lite' was the goal... And ELYSIAN SEAFOOD fit the bill. 
Perusing the menu, I opted for the CEVICHE, signage said $9; but then my happy little eyes landed on a $5 - 4p to 6p Happy Hour sign that brought me more JOY. 
The portion size was juuuuusssssstttttt right for my appetite & for my pocket as well. 
I was able to place my order, scour the scene for more tasty treats while I waited for my food to be packaged. 
Checking out was simple & swift. #stickandmove 
The ambiance of the Market was very laissez-faire; making me want to do some laissez-fairing of my own... But I couldn't. #nexttimethough
Thank the Lord, I was favored with a parking spot as soon as I drove up; street parking is scarce, but don't be dismayed, there's a lot adjacent to the market to catch the overflow. 
I'll be back to try ELYSIAN SEAFOOD's other yummi-goodnesses.Very poor service.  Was the only one in line ordered two items, none of which required cooking left and came back fifteen minutes later... still not done but other customers were being served.This isn't a BBQ shrimp poboy. This has never been a New Orleans style Bbq shrimp sauce or set up. As a local, this is gross and misleading. The counter service is also always terrible. Who do you order from? Why is no one even attempting to work?
Update with response to owners: 
I'm quite aware what New Orleans style BBQ sauce is which is why I specified that I knew what it was when I wrote the review. If you can confidently tell me that the clarified butter substitute and garlic salt concoction in my photo has Tabasco or worchestire in it I will give you $100. I am from New Orleans, have lived in New Orleans my entire life, and have worked in fine dining for ten years. BBQ sauce is rich, creamy, thick, heavy, flavorful, BROWN lol. That sad excuse for plain boiled shrimp with butter on the side is something you'd expect at a seafood restaurant in Maine. Gross.Stopped in to St. Roch Market to get a tea and saw Oyster 6 for $6 during happy hour so decided to get some. The guy working the oyster bar was not friendly at all!!! Why work in customer service if you're not a people person?? They also didn't have any Worcestershire sauce available.I was at the market one day looking for something to eat and I decided on Elysian. I ended up getting the Louisiana crab cake. It's really good, with fast service I would eat here again!The oysters at Elysian were excellent. Sweet with just a tad of brininess. We ordered a dozen raw oysters and a dozen chargrilled ones and they tasted fabulous. I ordered for my dad (fresh) and my daughter (chargrilled) and they were extremely satisfied. A shout out to Aaron(sp?) who helped me out last night!  As a family of small business owners we know that it can be daunting to manage store operations single-handedly but Aaron was very commendable!  Thanks and my dad and daughter appreciated it!My mom chose a BBQ Shrimp po boy on brioche for her lunch here this week and although it was ok, I wasn't completely wowed.  Our chef, who also took our order and then was sweet enough to deliver my mom's meal to our table was very personable. He gets 5 of 5 stars all day long. I just wish the food had been more to our liking.  The sandwich was just ok, and the sauce was more butter than anything else.  There just wasn't much traditional BBQ Shrimp flavor.  The brioche bun was also just ok. The side of roasted potatoes was flavorful but was a little bit too spicy.  I've eaten here before and am going to chalk this visit up to an off day.Unbelievable marinated lump crab salad, and delicious, fat, sweet oysters shucked by shucking machine - and funny-as-hell- Isaiah. In the middle of St. Roch's Market, it was conveniently next to the bar! This place is amazing.Ordered the marinated crab claws which were good but not great! Lacked a bit of flavor. Looking at past reviews - others had bread served along side their dish which I was not. Bread would have been great since the sauce was left over and thrown out.This isn't a BBQ shrimp poboy. This has never been a New Orleans style Bbq shrimp sauce or set up. As a local, this is gross and misleading. The counter service is also always terrible. Who do you order from? Why is no one even attempting to work? 
I'm very aware what New Orleans style BBQ sauce is- I've lived in New Orleans my entire life. First of all it's brown, deep, thick, flavorful, rich and the shrimp are sautéed in the sauce. It's not drawing butter with garlic salt.Best food we've had in New Orleans so far.   Got the shrimp poboy and tuna salad.   Very fresh and flavorful.  Nicely done.If this were my only stop on our quick trip to NOLA, I'd be perfectly satisfied. Fantastic. Small counter just 2 feet away from the guy who shucked our oysters. Started with the crab claws marinated in a tasty herby goodness that was nearly as good as the crab claws themselves. Nice chat with the server and enjoyed hearing snippets of his conversation with another patron who is clearly a regular. I have to say that the horseradish may have been a favorite part of the entire experience. Definitely the most potent, fresh and sinus-opening horseradish I've ever tasted. I grew up in Louisiana, and this nosh epitomizes everything I love about my home state.I have been coming here for years and it has yet to disappoint! My date night favorite is the tower, but I often stop by after work for $1 oysters! Keep up the good work! Shuck on my friends!We had some delicious oysters here! The best part was the fun experience our "oyster flipper" Isaiah provided. He taught us some facts about oysters, gave us recommendations and had some lovely, fun conversation. We will definitely be returning before the end of our trip!We hung out at the St Roch Market twice and I also ate here twice. Both times were memorable. I had the Coconut Curry Gulf Shrimp, which was a steal for $9.00. I must say that I have been raving about this shrimp ever since. They were still in their shells, and the eyes and the antennae were still attached. I devoured these shrimp, shells and all. These shrimp were the sweetest, freshest most addicting shrimp I have ever eaten. Being from Philadelphia, the shrimp I buy or get at a restaurant is previously frozen. The shrimp at Elysian Seafood tasted like it had been caught that morning. The shrimp was served with a jasmine rice that had the flavors of jalopeno and cilantro running through it. A really delicious meal.  A few days later I got one dozen oysters on the half shell served with lemon wedges and horseradish on the side. They were fresh and hit the spot. A very light meal. The staff here was also wonderful. Joyful. They seemed to enjoy what they were doing and were warm and friendly.....This is directed at the oyster bar 
It's hard to come here when you have a 5 star seafood place across the street but I wanted to give it another shot. 
I get that it's Mardis Gras and the staff is tired, they assume everyone is a tourist. This is their fatal flaw. I've sat at this oyster bar on two occasions. I thought the first time was a fluke, maybe because they hd only been open 2 months they hadn't quite figured things out. Today, I'm the middle of Mardi Gras a friend and I sat down and it was 5 minutes before we were acknowledged. We were the only ones sitting at the bar. Blah blah blah, I could continue on but the little pop up needs to step up there game. 
Side note, I watched a dozen oysters sit out in the open for more than 30 minutes, un iced,  un refrigerated, growing countless bacteria....
This is not a great representation of what a small pop up could be.Pretty stunned to say the least. Four days of countless amazing meals, on our last meal before heading home we came to St. Roche Market. We ordered the small seafood tower. It was inedible. Clearly frozen, ceviche had zero flavor, the crackers were soaked on one side. Shrimp was not even cleaned properly and totally mushy from being frozen. Crab legs were the same. The oysters were not properly shucked. We tried one of everything and regretted it completely.  This photo captures what was left behind in addition to the $38+ charge.Just ate some of the best oysters of my life! Raw and chargrilled - both were amazing. Big fat oysters that taste like the sea. Service was great! Highly recommendWe came in on a quiet Sunday afternoon and wanted some oysters. We were the only customers and ordered a seafood plateau which included cocktail shrimp, ceviche and some Captain Johnny Smith's oysters. Isaiah was the shucker and you can tell that he was extra careful cleaning the bivalves and took pride in what he did.  He explained the differences (salinity etc) of the three varieties of oysters they had that day and offered a good conversation on top of a good raw seafood meal ! Hats off to Isaiah and we hope to be back soon !Yikes! Would be rating the coconut curry shrimp but couldn't get past the poor customer service. Vendor attendant simply shrugged his shoulders and said, "it's good" when asked about the dish and walking away as if he were annoyed. Oops, guess I was wrong to think it looked DELICIOUS!Loving the Oysters at Elysian especially with the new shucker Isaiah! Loving the Oysters at Elysian especially with the new shucker Isaiah!Visiting home during the holidays and decided to check out the 'auction house' market (odd name but I will continue with my review). The gumbo had zero flavor which is odd considering the ingredients included - 1/5 rating. 
My wife ordered the blackened catfish sandwich which tasted better but had a weird cheese looking ingredient that she spit out. The catfish alone was flavorful though.
3/5
Will not visit again.It took an hour's wait for just an order of gumbo and crawfish etouffee.. not to mention that the man at the counter was really rude to us. There were not an insane amount of customers warranting this kind of wait either. It was $22 for two incredibly small portions. Neither of the dishes are good and taste very bland, like watered down. There is also absolutely no crawfish in the crawfish etouffee... this was honestly one of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had. Not a good first impression for our visit to the Saint Roche Market. Won't be coming back.This is our must stop place on the our way to the airport every time.  We love the shrimp and grits. I did try their coconut curry shrimp one time it was a little bit on the salty side, but still yummy. They're marinated crab claws are decadent.This is a vendor located inside the St. Roch Market. They are known for their oyster bar, but also offer a range of entrees and sandwiches. I got the coconut curry shrimp over rice which was really good! The price has increased quite a bit over time though, which is a shame.What a gem inside the Roche market!! The chef here made ordering an experience! Although the presentation was amazing, the food was not steaming hot. The grits were also a bit chunky (personal preference) and not as creamy as expected. The watermelon lemonade was also very sweet, but once some of the ice melted it was perfect.Clean and nicely shucked oysters. The oysters were very large in size, so refreshing and delicious!! But, the condiments with the oyster's were lackluster -- so depressing. It really brought down the whole experience. The cocktail sauce -- too sweet, no horseradish, no mignonette, two slices of lemon for a dozen oysters. 
Great experience, wouldn't do it again.New guy doing the shucking, Isaiah. With the same amazing experience. Great food and great company. This time I got the HH oysters and went to work. As we're eating Isaiah is engaging us. Telling jokes as well as telling is which places to go try in the Market.
Every time I'm on N.O. I have to visit this place. I love it.While my experience with Elysian Seafood was short and sweet, I will say that their ceviche for $8 was a perfect lunch for a week of heavy, rich eating though I splurged and also got some jalapeno jasmine rice to fill in my belly gaps. 
The ceviche wasn't too acidic, and a good ratio of fish to vegetables. The crackers that came with the dish were crisp and really pretty perfect for the amount, though I don't mind eating my ceviche without crackers. The rice was very lightly flavored, and may required a pinch of seasoning if you're eating plain. They also had my favorite San Pellegrino soda in Blood Orange at their counter.  
For lunch this was an incredibly affordable, healthy option, and wish I lived closer to get this every day!WHACK! 
- $5 drink full of ice..
- Half cooked chargrilled oysters (NASTY AF)
- Imagine 12 oysters and you get a half hot dog bun amount of bread to eat said half cooked oysters..
Save your time and money in st roch market and GO SOMEWHERE ELSE there..Elysian Seafood is located in a cute food market in New Orleans. There are serval food booths inside with tons of tasty options. There is also plenty of seating available, both inside and outside of the market.  
After spending a weekend in New Orleans, I need a detox and a treadmill! I really wanted to taste the shrimp and grits at Elysian, but unfortunately, it wasn't available. But, this tasty Po' Boy which definitely added a couple more inches to my waistline, was a great substitute! 
The bread was nice and crispy around the edges, but was soft and moist on the inside! The shrimp were also very tasty! My favorite part of this dish were the studs!! They were very well seasoned and had a nice crunch! They were certainly a welcomed change from the regular french fries.I came in to eat while on Baecation. Just randomly ended up here. When I say the oysters were amazing omg the best oysters I've ever had. I had to go for round 2. Had some amazing drinks from the spot next to Elysian. Amazing vibe!!I was visiting NOLA for the first time and had an airbnb on St.Roch so I went to the market multiple times during my stay. I got the Louisiana crab cakes my first day and they were absolutely spectacular, I couldn't stop thinking about them and had to get them again before I left. Honest to god one of the best plates of food I've had in my life I was blown away. I never had to wait more than 10 minutes and the food came out hot and delicious. Friendly staff and a very cool environment. If you're in New Orleans I heavily recommend the crab cakes from Elysian you will not be disappointed.Great atmosphere. Interesting and modern look to a vintage building. Decent wait time for our groups food. Unfortunately, my crawlfish sausage poboy did not have barely any Crawlfish; however, great flavor. My friend ate the bbq shrimp poboy and stated "it was a dive into the lousiana culture."We had pegged our trip to St Roch on finding some more of the amazing oysters we had been eating in New Orleans.  It was here that I learned the difference between Area 10 oysters and Area 3 oysters.  10s are the briny, firm beauties we had been enjoying, 3s are  very mild, almost no flavor, and a bit mushy.  Perhaps 3s they are better for char grilling, and for people who are not into brine, but I won't eat any more 3s the way I like them most - RAW.  The good news is we enjoyed a cup of their seafood gumbo, which was quite tasty with a half a small crab as a topper.  The rest of the menu here looked very tempting so next time we are in NOLA we will stop by again, just not for raw Area 3 oysters ...  :-)This is one of the vendors inside the refurbished St. Roch Market. Its basically an oyster bar but they have other offerings. This is an excellent place to grab a quick dozen raw for lunch or a snack, there are usually a range of oysters to choose from (local, Tx, Alabama etc). In my experiences here the oysters are properly shucked and I have not had a bad one. Also on the plus side, if your with a companion who is not a fan of the bi valve there are lots of other options including veggie things to eat here.Oh my goodness! These are summer of the best, The very, very, very best chargrilled oysters I've ever had. They have the perfect balance of cheese and butter, 
They also have excellent raw oysters. 
During Happy Hour they have 6 raw oysters for $6.00 or 3 chargrilled for $6.00. Happy hour is 4-7 pm. Gotta come backNice little restaurant in the French Quarter in the food hall. Decided to pop in and give them a try. Went with the crab cakes which were very fresh and tasty served over corn and potato hash. It was filing and satisfying. Nice open area with plenty of seating. New Orleans food is always seasoned and good.Made a stop at Elysian Seafood right before flying out. it was crowded on a Sunday afternoon and had a hard time finding a seat, but it was worth it.
I chose the thing that I couldn't possibly get it in Colorado - the Louisiana crab cakes with a sweet corn sauce over sweet potatoes. I only get crab about once a year and it was worth it!
I wish we could have hung out all day chowing down.