curly moustache bartender is the man. I also hear the breakfast is really good.Fairly close to the French Quarter and Harrah's Casino. Staff friendly, rooms clean but very dated. Enjoy the nightly free cocktails.It's a great location, breakfast is good and included. People are friendly, rooms are clean and the upgrades very nice. 
However until they replace the elevators, don't stay there. The staff acts like they just broke. They don't inform you about it so you feel like it's only happening to you. So you go to the front desk tell them and they bite your head off... Because they have been dealing with it for weeks! 
Why not be truthful before check in and let people know. We had a group event there, people were late. Older people can't walk the stairs. Just seems so stupid to not be upfront about your problems. How about giving everyone free wifi because of it. You know it's the little things that count, oh and the truth.I stayed here for a week while I was looking for an apartment and it wasn't bad but it did not live up to the level of quality that I have become accustomed to at the Embassy chains. The room was about a 6 or 6.5 on a 1-10 scale; not the usual 8 or 9 that you expect from Embassy. The free breakfast was good but not great, hotel parking is $30/day, and the common facilities were acceptable. On the positive side the staff was top notch and the location is great. Don't expect to be thrilled with the accommodations, if you are coming in with a picky spouse you might want to second think this place for accommodations.Stayed here for 5 nights while the hubby had a conference at the convention center. It was a great physical location. Walking distance to everything--trolley's, convention center, ferry's, and most tourist sites. The hot, buffet-style breakfast was great. It was actually the determining factor in choosing this hotel over all our other options. Staying with a family, this amenity was a must. They had nice toiletries, but the room needed a deep cleaning and new paint job. Our room had a balcony with the view of the river and convention center which was nice.I really wish there was no star! I recently stayed there about two weeks ago in room 720 and from day one we saw baby roaches. Giving them the benefit of the doubt that there was a balcony for our room we assumed that they were coming from outside. The next day we saw more and we called maintenance and they told us the next time we see one to take a picture of it (why the hell would I want to see another one ) two hours after calling them about the roaches we see a rat/mouse whatever the hell it is it's a rodent. The maintenance guy moved us to a different room which we did not sleep in because according to him he seen the mouse run out in the hall way who would want to stay in a hotel KNOWING that a rat Is roaming around from room to room. On top of that the staff were acting as if this stuff was normal and non chalant about the situation and I was told to give the GM a call the following Monday which I did and he had the nerve to question me could I tell if it was a rat or a mouse (why would such a nice hotel have either it's a rodent !! ) I really should have just stayed at a motel and saved my money for roaches and rats. Still no one has bothered to contact me and they are dragging their ass. Until this is resolved I WILL BE GIVING BAD REVIEWS TO ANYONE THAT ASK ME IF THIS IS A GOOD HOTEL.Stayed in the Lofts, and well, the room was plenty big and over the 500 sq ft listed, but opened the bedroom curtains to find a wall two feet away. The view out of the bathroom was of the parking garage. This is not abnormal for Nola and we understand. Just a point of reference. Book rooms above the seventh floor to clear the adjacent buildings. Rooms ending in 48 will be more spacious than others, as they are a corner room. Breakfast was standard  as well as evening reception, though liquors were upgraded. It was nice having a near endless supply of sodas and waters throughout the day as well as snacks. Nice touch. Valet was slow at best. Waited 15 minutes on initial drop off.I rarely write negative reviews...but...this time, I felt compelled. There were definitely some positive aspects--free breakfast and happy hour each day, large rooms and good location. But the negatives are pretty significant. The elevators don't work, unless you just want to go UP. While the sign says the problem occurred 'last week,' I can tell from the numerous reviews going back several weeks that this is not the case. The other major issue was housekeeping, or the lack of it. The maids never came--on their own--throughout our entire stay. We would come back after a long day only to find our room exactly as we left it. I've honestly never experienced this at an Embassy Suites. The front desk was very nice when we called to complain, but it kept happening day after day. After our experience, I do not think I would ever stay here again.Currently under construction, so the experience is not as a normal Embassy Suites.
The bell hop was great & valets were very hospitable. 
The rooms are still in need of some final fixes & due to the lobby being under construction the hotel is doing their best to have a breakfast area, and staff is friendly. Over all the experience just is lacking in the norm of Embassy.
Also we had to ask for some fixes to help off set the inconvenience of items. For example we had to ask for complimentary Wi-Fi, instead of a natural free offer. Also they forgot our gift bag for being a honors member. 
The business center is out in the open and seems to be a little inconvenient for use. 
Some of the rooms are actually outside to get to and the walkway is not finished or allows one to think they are still a part of Embassy Suites. Sort of like a Twilight Zone moment.The poster for Jazz Fest 2012 came out today (go T-Shorty!), which makes me sad because I can't attend this year. Sniff sniff. Next year for sure!  Thanks to a hot tip from a friend and NOLA regular, we stayed here during Jazz Fest two years ago and would definitely pick it again for my next personal visit to my favorite city because the free breakfast buffet and cocktail/snack reception daily made it extremely convenient and quite a steal. The rooms are not the newest or nicest, but are pretty spacious and were a fine bargain compared to everything nearby, especially on a heavy traffic event/festival weekend. We booked a suite for four of us that featured a living room with a pull-out queen sleeper couch, tv, sitting chairs, table, desk, a balcony overlooking the river, a bathroom and bedroom with another queen bed. We definitely took advantage of the a mini fridge with all the drinks we carried in and out of the room due to the lovely liquor laws in New Orleans. The breakfast buffet was huge and included any breakfast item you can think of - eggs, bagels, muffins, toast, pastries, cereal, bacon, sausage, potatoes, juices, coffee, tea and best of all, a made-to-order omelette bar where I loaded up on veggies each morning. The eating area was large and light-filled, not dark and dungeon-like, as some hotels can be in the morning. Between 5 and 7pm each night, you can get free cocktails, beer, wine and bar-type pretzel snacks near the reception/check-in area. Hard to beat that! There is a small but nice pool with plenty of lounge chairs and a hot tub that soothed our aching feet after long days traversing the fairgrounds at the festival. We were a short walk from the street car that you can ride into the French Quarter, but you can easily walk that short distance as well. I'm already plotting my return.We were greeted by friendly staff when we arrived and, since we were early, we were offered free luggage storage until our room was prepared. When we got to our room, it was clean and orderly and the couch pulled out to a full bed (not the most comfortable, but definitely not the worst thing I've ever slept on). Free breakfast and happy hour were a HUGE plus! Front desk staff was always friendly and helpful, but wifi could have been a bit easier to access (I had to call the front desk every day because they frequently change the passcode and the signal strength isn't great). Good location if you are attending any events at the Convention center, but a good hike if you're looking for Bourbon St or the French Quarter.Pros-Free breakfast awesome, free happy hour, two-room suites, very quiet rooms (thick old walls my guess), balcony, nice comfy beds.  
Cons-Unfriendly front desk check-in, not one smile or kindness detected whatsoever from the thin African American lady with the heavy sparkle makeup on her eyelids.  Seriously, zero customer service skills from this one.  She barely looked up as she spoke in her monotone, slightly annoyed voice.  Although, I noticed the beautiful man of color who came up after me got slightly better treatment than we did when asking the same question, which I found annoying.
Other cons--old building, rooms old, 2nd floor rooms and hallways smelled of rotten eggs the whole time for some reason, PARKING expensive as crazy heck.  Pool is outdoors, but super tiny and not a very attractive area in general.  Elevators a bit slow.Nice suites and quiet rooms.   Balcony is nice except at night when the spotlight blinds you.  
Elevators slow and sometimes out of service.   Breakfast is just ok.   They should get more chairs as guests are always shuffling them around to accommodate themselves at tables.   
Also happy hour isn't so happy with a rude bartender.   
Great location.   Clean.   Housekeeping is friendly and thorough.    
I do like the diverse crowd.   Guests are nice.Tiny toilets and somewhat odd shaped/configured rooms. Either Embassy was not allowed or it was simply cheaper to not do any significant interior work to the building they bought to create the hotel.
However, circling back to the major reason I won't be staying here again though is the fact that everything in the bathroom was designed for extremely short people, is it so hard to have the shower head be taller than chin level? Is it more expensive to buy a toilet that sits more than 12 inches off the ground? I am in no way exaggerating when I say that every time I sat down on the toilet my meat missile would literally hit parts of the toilet bowl that are not meant to be touched. So either the toilets were designed for less endowed men or only for women. It was very uncomfortable to do anything in the restroom at the embassy.
It's a real shame since the service from staff was beyond good and they deserve to be complimented by equally excellent facilities to make a truly comfortable and pleasurable experience in NOLA.Overall a good place to stay. It's a 20 min walk to the French quarter and a 40min walk to Frenchmens. Uber is readily available and is 6-10$ anywhere in the city. The breakfast is made to order but there are so many great cafes I don't know how much of a benefit this is. The service was prompt and good. The downsides are that the cleanliness was lacking (the 3rd floor had drywall looking debris all over the floor for 3 days and the walls look grimy)  and the AC units in the rooms are ridiculously loud. I am not sure if I would stay here again. I might try one of the other hotels in the area.I read the reviews and figured I would give it a shot. Wish I didn't. Bugs in the bed and couldn't sleep a wink! Only refunded half my money after I demanded to talk to a manager. Save yourself the trouble. Hotels are renovated in the rooms but it seems like they just slapped some paint on the walls and an unshakable dingy feeling. I'm usually not super picky but there is that feeling of clean vs. undeniably dingy.This review is based on other Embassy Suites I've stayed at  across the country.
This is the WORST Embassy Suites I've stayed in.  I've opted in for an upgrade for $9 a nite in a room with a balcony.  
I'm a Diamond member due to my extensive travels to the Hilton Chain of hotels but I generally prefer the Embassy Suites as my choice hotel due to the higher standards and spacious rooms for Business and Leisure travels.  I'm a bit of a snob as these hotels have become my second home.  I'm bless to have a lovely wife that keeps the house clean for us so I expect the same everywhere I go.
The service is terrible, no welcome, no friendly smile, staff generally are on their mobile phone or simply looking away when I presented a friendly smile, the only friendly gesture was from the Valet and every day.
We had an issue with our reservation and they didn't seem very helpful at all, they gave me the impression that they were quite annoyed that my reservation had an issue and the fact that I had 2 separate reservations that would've created a bit more work for them.
On to my room,(1203) The room seemed very dirty to me, couch is very well broken in, carpet a bit scary, walls were noticeably dirty, bathroom was the typical bathroom.  Nothing to scream over.  Very disappointed in this Embassy Suites.
Next:  The valet service.  Although they seemed nice and friendly.  I must admit that they are not out to take care of your car, they appear to be taking it for a joyride.  I received my car the next day with a very noticeable scratch on my bumper that I must admit that I didn't report.  I chose not to report it because it was a rental car and that I had purchased insurance on.  The last time I took my personal car to New Orleans the valet guy bottomed out my car and it cost me thousands to repair it.
My bill, since I used points for my stay I would've thought that there would be charges for only Valet and the Upgrade, instead they had charged me my points plus the cost for the stay.  I'm sure it was an honest mistake or am I giving them too much credit.  Since I didn't receive a bill, I arrived at the front desk and they only presented me with the Valet bill and said that was it.  Upon arriving home I checked my CC statement and noticed a surprise they had left me.
In summary:  I will not recommend this hotel due to their lack of service and condition of the room I stayed in.  I was told that there was a Embassy Suite Loft down the street which is the nicer Embassy Suite.  I would probably give it shot if I ever return to this Hotel.
I didn't try Breakfast or the managers reception but I did noticed the lines were pretty long for both items mentioned.
good luck, I hope your experiences are better than mine.We just checked in & found a used bandaid on the floor & multiple hairs on our bedding. Hotel lobby is very artistic but the hotel needs to be cleaned up.This place was amazing! We stayed in the Lofts and the room was updated. Pretty much the complimentary mimosa/bloody mary bar at breakfast and happy hour/snacks won my friend and I over. The breakfast was great (made to order waffles and omelets) and they even had cookies at night!  The room was spacious, and the bathroom was the biggest hotel bathroom I've ever had.  Loved the mirror!  The halls were quiet considering it was Mardi Gras - we didn't have a bunch of loud partiers, at least by us.  The staff we interacted with were polite.  It was a bit of a walk to Bourbon Street, I'd say about 20 minutes.  
The only thing I would avoid is the red beans and rice at Happy hour - they made my friend and I sick.Once again, this was the worst stay in a hotel I have ever encountered.
My previous comments have been removed so I shall write again to warn everyone to avoid this property at all costs.
My boyfriend is a HH gold member & I work at a Hilton Property as well. We had ants swarm out bed, our luggage was misplaced & took over 2 and a half hours for it to be returned to us after our room move. The Front Office manager expressed she did not staff properly (when it was Mardi Gras & an annual event) & did not make it right for our stay.
The location is great but not  worth your buck for the service you receive. I can certainly say the Hilton promise was not met. The worst is we never heard back from any type of manger or general manager. Disappointing !The hotel had a prime location in a quiet section, only a 5 minute walk to canal street. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was adequate. The selections during breakfast were limited, something unusual for Embassy Suites. The hotel itself seemed kinda old, however the hotel rooms were nice and had good space and better-than-average beds. We stayed here four nights and we will probably come back again.Do not stay here! I haven't showered in two days.. I've got new Orleans filfth on me and no hot water to wash it off! We checked in may 12th,  2015 and that night had hot water,  the next morning we didn't have any through the rest of our stay.  We called the front desk.  The lady was so rude.  She said we got a letter,  there was signs posted and it was on our key card about the water.  Uhh. No.. We did not see/get any of those warnings.  She lied. Seriously we double checked our key cards nothing,  letter.. Huh? What letter.  And signs.. There was a sign posted but it said the elevators would be working slow bc the up button only worked,  you could ride them but you always went up to collected passengers before heading down.  But not a thing about water.  I should've taken a picture of our key card and the elevator sign. Why weren't we informed upon check in in person? Dewana was the front desk lady's name and she kept telling us like we should have known. She said its been out for two days the morning we called.  But it had worked the evening before so she was all wrong.  We said we needed to know when it would be back on so we could make a decision about staying there or moving hotels.  We have small children so jumping hotels is not the easiest thing.  We figured if it was on soon we'd stay.  She said she was going to call us back in 5 minutes and never did.  Someone sent a dirty looking plumber engineer guy to our room. He promised we'd have hot water by that evening.  He said 12 hours.  So we took that and went about our day looking forward to showers and baths that evening.  But no. It didn't work at that time.  So we called back the front desk.  Talked to a manager who said she had no idea why he told us that. We called the 800 embassy number and they helped us get 75% of our money back on our stay.  The hotel was still checking in people as we were checking out and I didn't hear them tell them either. Someone even said it was sold out this weekend.  Our room was never cleaned the entire time either but she did come by while we were there and dropped off fresh towels.  (ha.. Bc we couldn't shower. So no towels needed)..  On the plus side it has a very awesome breakfast! I think everyone says that.  There is any breakfast food your heart desires.  They give you breakfast vouchers to get into the breakfast area but you don't have to show them.  Just stay somewhere else tho,  there is plenty of hotels with way better staff and most importantly hot water!My SO and I stayed at The Lofts, which is a renovated warehouse next door to the main building.  It's a step above, and it's clearly worth the upgrade!
The rooms are well-done, and retain some of the exposed brick and stonework of the original warehouse.  Beds are comfortable (as would be expected at an Embassy property) and the area was quiet.  The fact that our room (447) was facing a brick wall next door might have contributed to the serenity...  so if you're looking for a view, request a higher floor than 4 or 5.
The shower was one of the strongest I've experienced (in a good way) and the bathroom amenities were very good.  The lighted mirror was particularly useful for getting ready in the mornings.
Brunches were extremely well-done - the made-to-order omelets, the fresh fruit, the genuine bacon perfectly cooked, and the homemade waffles all deserve praise.
The staff was attentive and professional, and the location in the rebuilding Warehouse District gets you close to some up-and-coming new spots in NOLA while keeping you just far enough away from the craziness on Bourbon Street to leave it behind.During my stay I found an empty beer bottle on the balcony at check in, for 4 days the elevators were malfunctioning, offering only limited and untimely elevator service, valet service was very slow for the $35 surcharge, the wifi service kept going down, two days of no hot water, and on my last day there wasn't enough water pressure to turn on the shower. I've stayed in $40 a night motels that had it more together than this place!This hotel makes Hilton a bad name.  First room had a pull out couch, with a full size bed, in the "King Suite".  Below was a large area for breakfast and bar, so loud, I had to move rooms.   The gum on the floor was a little shocker.  They moved us to "The Lofts", which were ok, but it was already 10pm with 2 kids traveling all day.  
The hotel is walking distance to the French Quarters.  But, this is a very busy hotel, so do not expect anything quick, like the 2 extra towels I requested.  I'm still waiting.I stayed here from Thursday, March 22 to Monday March 25. This was the only hotel in the area under $200. The staff was very nice & polite. Everything about the room was good. Valet parking was mandatory and over $40 a day. That's the only downside but that's to be expected in NOLA. They served an amazing complimentary breakfast every morning. The older black lady making the omelets was awesome. We made sure we had breakfast everyday of our stay. The hotel also offered a complimentary happy hour in the lobby which featured drinks of your choice & small snacks.... another added bonus. I was very happy with the location also. I was able to walk to the casino & Riverwalk mall as often as I wanted. All in all, I had no complaints at all about this hotel & I would definitely recommendThe staff at this hotel is amazing. I couldn't be any happier and that says a lot. They are looking for ways to help people and engaging guest to help. Overall the people in this city are incredible. I do all I can to stay at Hilton branded hotels and I'm never disappointed but this hotel brings an new level of joy.
Our room was quiet and comfortable. The breakfast and happy hour was first class.We stayed here for a little vacation after my husband had a few days work down here.  It was okay but not worth what they charge, more like an extended stay. Housekeeping was lacking, first day our room didn't get cleaned until after 4, didn't replace glasses, left a note asking for 4 towels got 3, and not friendly and knocked on our door when privacy sign was on it before 10am wanting to know if we wanted our room cleaned that day. Just not your standard Embassy Suites.I came here for a work conference. I chose the embassy suites because I'm use to the quality of the hotel. I've been to the one in Washington, DC, Virginia, and other areas. It's always been a nice experience.
My visit to the embassy suites in New Orleans did not meet these expectations. The lobby itself is beautiful. The staff were okay. I arrived at 11am, I requested an earlier check in because o was attending a conference and wanted to attend the afternoon workshops. They didn't have my room ready which was understandable. They offered to store my bags and text me when the room was ready.
I had not received a text by 12:30 so I decided to go  to the workshop in my travel close so I wouldn't miss anything. I finally received a text at 3:55. Check in is at 4 so there wasn't any benefit to that.
I finally checked in around 5:30 after my workshop.
The room was supposed to be an upgrade for an additional $11 per night and it was less than amazing. It had a small balcony that didn't include anything. There wasn't a table or a chair. Just a place to stand. The bathroom was extremely small, the living room and bedroom were both standard.
The best part of my stay at embassy was the complimentary breakfast and the free happy hour each night. The breakfast was wonderful. Made to order omelets, french toast/pancakes, bacon/sausage, potatoes, juice and coffee. It really adds a great touch to the stay.
The absolute downside to my stay was someone entering my room other than housekeeping. We had a do not disturb sign on the room and thank God the lock was on. Despite all of this the "sales staff" thought the room was vacant and was trying to do a tour. Now if I hadn't been in the room they could have had access to our valuables, etc.
This was very disappointing and did not make me feel secure. I immediately contacted the front desk. They called and offered an APOLOGY. I got a call from Amy and Meonia. That was the extent of that.
I requested a later check out. The 11 o'clock check out time was a bit early. Brad allowed me to check out at 12:30. I was appreciative of that.
I will not be returning to this hotel. Especially when there are so many other affordable hotels in the area. I may not get the amazing breakfast but I'll cope.Upon arrival there were 2 bellmen on staff. Not enough for the number of arrivals. When I asked for a luggage cart I was told that they could not allow guests to use them themselves and that all the bellmen were busy. It seems that Amber at the front desk had plenty of time to chat with two employees that were just standing there. I was not happy. After checking in, Amber voiced the fact that she is only there to look out for herself and didn't care about anyone else or their problems. This was totally uncalled for and if that's how she feels, she should not be in the customer service industry. When we arrived in our room, there were what looked like blood spatters on the wall, and scotch tape on the window covering in the living room area. This hotel was a total disappointment and not what I've come accustom to with staying at Hilton properties. When I went to use the sofa sleeper there were no blankets in the closet. This is just a horrible property.I'm Hilton "silver" and this was a milestone birthday celebration in Feb 2015. It was ***great*** to experience temps in the upper 70s as opposed to the BRRRRRR cold here in North AL. Anyway, I digress. 
Check in was a breeze, although a minute or two slower than normal, due to the ES rep. explaining directions to the convention center to a customer ahead of us. 
The balcony was such a joy with a really lovely view!! Nice to have the door open! 
The manager's reception was slightly subpar because there was only one bartender (translation slower than normal service) and the food was slightly weird, one offering was an odd mixture (on one night) of tostada chips and a sweet dip/sauce. I don't recall the other offerings, food wise. 
Location, location, location - we walked everywhere and loved every minute of our NOLA stay. 
The elevator was slow, but not broken, when we were there. 
The only drawbacks were our room door stuck to the point of almost having to kick it to open it and the fact that when we checked in we moved the reservation from my husband's name to mine, so I could increase my HHonors points and was told "yes," when it turns out  the only credit I received to my HHonnors points was for the amenities charges. 
We always use Hilton properties when in NOLA, and we will definitely consider this ES on our next trip to the Big Easy.Spent the day here for a seminar... The meeting room was nice and temperature perfect...
The staff was on top of everything and the hotel was clean... 
We will be scheduling future seminars here when looking in the CBD area...I would say this hotel is average at best.  Yes, you get a good breakfast and drinks at night. However, the rooms themselves are run down.  Leaky faucets, cold water in shower, and hvac system VERY loud!!  Not worth the $$$Free cocktails hour and semi-edible breakfast. Internet was very poor. Thank goodness we had a free coupon from the conference we were at and did not have to pay for Internet. the elevators have been out of service most of the week, they run but very poorly and you have to stop on every floor and go all the way to the top before you come down to the bottom. The staff has been friendly and the room is very clean. The pillows are super flat and I have a crick in my neck, but overall I've been here for a week its clean, friendly, and within walking distance to the French Quarter.Breakfast: awesome! Rooms are a little older but I guess that is expected for New Orleans! There are 2 buildings, I liked the accessory one better! The main one kind of smelled! Front desk an Sacha (who helped with my language) were the best! Enjoy your stay!Let me tell you about this place, & hopefully you will never waste your money with them. My wife, son, & I stayed there July 25-28 2018, & let me be clear, we will NEVER stay there again. Let's cover the basics. First, we check in to a room where the HVAC unit was not working. Oh, it was blowing, blowing hot air. After their Engineering team spent over 30 minutes trying to find the problem, we asked for another room because it was 10:00pm, we had driven in from San Antonio, & we were tired. They DOWNGRADED us because that was "all they had". Instead of trying to find us a room like we had reserved at another property, they downgraded us. Didn't offer to pay for parking, didn't offer ANYTHING. So, we move to our new room, which was not Hilton standards if you ask me, but it was cool, had a halfway decent bed, & we were tired. Next morning I asked the front desk if they had adjusted my rate to the DOWNGRADED room that I had been moved to. They were going to CHARGE ME THE SAME RATE!!!  Can you say "NO!"  After a very short, but charged discussion, they changed my rate to what it should be. We check out, PAID THE ROOM IN FULL (pay close attention to that last statement), & went home. A week and a half later, we discover that there is an additional pending charge for the EXACT SAME AMOUNT that we had already paid in full on our credit card. I sent the General Manager an email stating so. He replied that it was impossible for them to do that. Amazing, this morning (after him saying that was impossible), the holds were all gone. This place is a joke!!!  There are so many nicer places to stay in New Orleans, don't waste your time here!!I'm am sitting here waiting for valet and no body is here. I was told he was at another location so I'm waiting for someone to return so I can get some sleep and leave for a flight 3 hours away. AND!!!! My door keys didn't not work, my daughter went down stairs to get them corrected and she came back up to find out the both still don't work, so I had knew ones made AGAIN! but what a hassle. I have hiltonhonors and have sleep at different embassy suites in various locations. By far this one is the worst and I will not be coming back here.  Been 20 min and IM STILL WAITING FOR A VALET AFTER PAYING 30something dollars for it. This is CARZY!!!!
Plus elevator isn't working correctly you have to go up in order to go down so we have to use the steps or staff elevator which also seems to be going down also. SMH!!When checking in, the staff was nice and accommodating. The rooms are spacious and clean. You get free breakfast! Which helps offset the cost of parking. They have a happy hour from 5:30-7:30 with FREE drinks and small snacks. Love it!Front desk staff was extremely helpful.  We loved the balcony and having a suite was very helpful because there was a tv in both rooms.  The complimentary breakfast buffet was quite a surprise also!  The breakfast buffet included: eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits, sausage gravy, omelet station, cereal, oatmeal, grits, pastries, bagels, coffee, soda machine, juice & milk.  Valet is $42/night but they were extremely professional.  Would definitely stay here again.The customer service in general was up and down, but DIANE made up for that! Such a sweet person. I think she works in the concierge department. She made my girlfriends and I feel so welcome on our weekend getaway and even gave us hugs goodbye "I just want people to leave New Orleans feeling like they love the people as much as I do". Wow, what a kind person! Thank you Diane!Very nice hotel!  Staff is outstanding, very friendly and has the southern charm that I'm not used to being from the North.  Couldn't be happier with the room I chose when offered the ability to do so last night before arriving today.  Beautiful king suite with balcony.  Very pleasant surroundings, furnished well and a nice, comfortable bed.  
So far very quiet in the hotel itself, noise towards the street outside of the balcony, but that cannot be helped.
Had a little issue upon actually being in the room where there was some sort of Chlorine smell coming through every few minutes.  The reason this isn't a 5 star review is because I had a difficult time getting in touch with someone at the front desk -- literally rang more than 30 times before someone picked up.  They said they were sending maintenance up to take a look, and though maintenance came up it was more than 2 hours later.  The Chlorine smell was making me ill.  Maintenance staff, though couldn't find the cause, fixed the smell issue.  But it shouldn't have taken 2 hours for someone to come take a look at a potential health issue sooner than later.
Aside from that issue, so far so good.  I'll update the review again at the end of my stay to include the features I haven't experienced yet.
All in all, its a nice place in a nice location and aside from the minor issue its been great thus far.This hotel is at a great central location.  We walked everywhere.  We had great customer service all the way around from valet, front desk, to breakfast.  Complimentary breakfast was great.  Rooms were clean.  Even when we had a problem with our toilet, the repair was quick and polite. The only complaint was that it was a bit pricey, but we were happy.Happy hour line is way too long for beer.  The wine/sangria is reasonable.  But really a 20 minute line for draft beer is overkill.  The operations manager needs to call me.I LOVE the Embassy Suites brand and stay with them often. This is definitely the worst Embassy Suites I have ever stayed at. Will not return to this location in the future.
We arrived an hour before check in. We were told to wait and our room would be ready soon. About 45 minutes AFTER check in, we finally got a room. The bellman, Mikel, was nice and helpful. The front desk staff, not helpful or nice. I stood with 3 small children in front of 3 workers at the front desk for a full minute before I had to ask to be helped. The views from the hotel are lovely. Elevators don't work well.
Asked for a room on a low floor; got floor 15. The room was clean except for long black hair in the shower and a 2 inch tall flying insect that terrorized us.
Got woken up at 5 AM by the alarm system. Had to dress quickly and grab my 3 small kids out of bed. Then walked down 15 flights of stairs to find out it was a false alarm. Overslept as a result and missed breakfast by 5 minutes. A sympathetic cook gave us a few pancakes. Again waited to be helped by the front desk when trying to break a $20 to tip the nice cook. Told to wait by the manger who then made a phone call. Wrong priorities. I'm looking forward to leaving tomorrow.I have stayed at different Embassy Suite locations throughout the U.S. I am writing this review in comparison to others.
I found the staff to be very friendly, and the location was perfect since I was in NOLA for a convention.  Unfortunately I found the room below par and in disrepair.  One phone did not work, the chair back was broken, one of the TV's had a terrible picture on many of the channels, and I found the houskeeping services poor.  
The free breakfast was also below the standards I have come to enjoy at Embassy.  Old pastry and what I believe was yesterdays greasy reheated bacon.  
The dining room (Sugar House) had a simple menu and reasonable prices.  However, they were out of a lot of things and we had to send the soup back and the service was very slow - I mean really slow.  
The Concierge was PERFECT!  Thank you.  The free drinks were also excellent.This place is a shithole. No hot water. The free breakfast sucks. What's the point. Do better.***** This review is for the lofts******
Stay was great. This hotel is in an excellent location where you're able to walk to almost all the places you want to go downtown. Service was excellent from the staff. The breakfast was fabulous. The chef that prepared the made to order breakfast was so nice and friendly. She made every morning of the stay a delight (plus she made an out of this world omelet). The front desk staff was so friendly and handled all the requests that I asked of them very professionally. The room was nice and clean. I really had an excellent stay.Perfect for us and ideal for others returning from their Cruise. This was our first trip to New Orleans. We were off the cruise ship at 8 am and had a reservation here. (It was a short 0.5 miles - but take a taxi or Uber/Lyft is traveling with a lot luggage). The original check-in time is 4pm but since it was a Monday, we thought we would try our luck. Glad we did. We were greeted by a very friendly and professional young lady who was able to find us a room and recognized our Hilton Honors membership- her name was Beeson. The bed was very comfy and you can't beat the Manager's welcome reception and ready made breakfast. Thank you Embassy Suites and especially Ms. Breeson. Proud to be a HH Member.Room smelled like sewage - complained and took two days to offer another room (2nd floor balcony).  Happy hour snack selection was minimal -- no comparison with most other Embassy Hotels!!  Would not stay again for the $$ price!Worst Embassy Suites we have stayed in. We checked in at 4 (normal check in time) and were told our room wouldn't be ready for a while. We checked in our bags at the front desk and waited for cocktail hour. Around 6pm they said the room was ready. I requested that they bring the bags up since we had a tour booked at 8 pm (ghost tour - not worth it either). We went up at around 7 pm to get ready for the tour and of course, no bags. They finally brought them up. The next morning, the lines for the breakfast were unbelievable and extremely slow. It was like the whole hotel was very understaffed. The rooms were just ok....the hallways were a bit creepy and weren't anything like other Embassy Suites. Very concrete and white. They did give us a $75 gift card for the restaurant for the inconvenience but when we went to get dinner before our tour, we were told they were very backlogged and we would have completely missed our tour. We spent the full next day out and didn't return until late so we couldn't use it then either.Our stay was okay it's a really old building! No hot water, no sheets for pull out couch took a while for them to bring. The tv remote did not work. They need to hire more valet employees had to wait a long time for car, then they couldn't find the car. Wouldn't stay again.Stayed in a 2 bedroom king suite which is actually a king suite with an adjoining king room (why do they all overstate their accommodations?!). The room was clean, the bed comfortable, and the amenities adequate. The air conditioner in the king room was very loud. Taking a shower was interesting as the water temperature fluctuated.
The hotel location is a few blocks from the WW II museum, trolleys, the casino, and the quarter. All of the hotel staff are extremely friendly and helpful - best concierge service I have experienced in a long time. The fitness room is larger than most these days and has free weights, machines, and treadmills and ellipticals.
BUT a few things really irked me. 1. The breakfast buffet. Billed as "cooked to order" and it is true that you can get your eggs cooked to order but the main breakfast is buffet style.
REALLY REALLY dislike having to hand in a free card to get handed a tray, napkin, fork and knife at entry. I understand the ticket but really, a tray with a single napkin, fork, and knife?!  Oatmeal is good but why have almonds instead of pecans in NOLA?! Why not have milk and half and half next to the oatmeal? Fresh fruit consists of old mushy apples, hard to peel oranges, and sliced honeydew melon and cantaloupe. No bananas, no strawberries - that's it, every day the same. The fresh breakfast pastries are really sad looking. But the worst thing about this breakfast is the coffee - absolutely horrid. Although they say they proudly serve Starbucks, that is in the coffee shop - not the buffet and even though you have to pay for it, it is not much better. The choice of cold cereals does not include granola. I will say the made to order egg dishes are truly made to order and well prepared with a smile no matter what the request is, but in a city renown for its high calorie meals one hopes to get a healthy breakfast instead of a heavy egg dish. The breakfast ends promptly at 9:30 weekdays and things are not refilled up until the last minute but are instead allowed to run down. 2. They advertise a free drink happy hour from 5:30 to 7:30 weekdays. This is well attended but inadequately staffed. The line stretches and the drink options are severely limited - the snacks even more so. Still what people will endure for a free drink. 3. $30 a day to park your car?! We chose instead to go carless which was no problem at all. 
All in all I feel the price was not a value by any means and would probably stay elsewhere. The biggest plus for us was the proximity to the WW II museum and the quiet location and comfortable clean rooms.After making reservations months in advance my family and I arrive at this hotel at 3:19 when check in time starts at 3:00. It turns out the phone lines are down and they are using walkie-talkies to communicate. (How professional!)(note the sarcasm) . We wait from 3:19-5:40 to get the rooms that should have already been ready. As we waited we asked for some sort of discount or restitution, we were completely blown off and the receptionist responded with attitude. For those of you looking for a hotel I would not recommend this hotel due to bad customer service and for them not being prepared.Good location, within walking distance to everything you want to do in NOLA. Free breakfast and happy hour is a big plus! 
Cons- rooms are old and dark. They don't seem to clean up often. Part of our group, didn't have their rooms cleaned the 2 nights they were here. I saw plates and dirty laundry left in the hallways for several days along with a huge winged bug. They claimed and left a card stating the room was cleaned with care but didn't leave any toilet paper! Have had to call every day for extra towels (given we had 5 ppl in our room but it sleeps 6!) had to call for toilet paper, basic necessities you expect to have once "house keeping" comes through. 
Probably won't be staying her again or recommending to others.
Sink was cracked in the bathroom, the only window we had in our room over looked the atrium inside where ppl had breakfastNice place. Spotty housekeeping. Internet connectivity issues were frustrating. The concierge woman was so friendly and helpful. Loved her! I would recommend this place for sure. Just stay on them about fresh towels, etc.#400~
Another group of my friends were staying here for the Rock and Roll New Orleans Marathon weekend and I decided to chillax over here with them and to see how awesome Embassy Suites is. I have done Embassy Suites before in downtown Des Moines, IA last October, but I guess it would depend on the management style and the city / state you would be at. This property was about a block away from my hotel: Hilton Garden Inn - Convention Center on S. Peters Street. 
The hotel is pretty small, but what it lacks in size is made up with alot of spunk and character. The staff is very friendly and the the room my group of friends had gotten was very sweet. While the room rates are comparable to other properties in the downtown NOLA area, I had found that this property was well worth the bang for the buck. You can get caught up in the hoopla of the French Quarter, but this place is well worth the money. My friends told me that they did enjoy the hotel and the comfort they received through the ease of check in and out and the friendly staff. I did love the manager's happy hour - a signature quirk of the Embassy Suites brand. Loved the free drinks! It was good to just be there and have a fun evening.
The room that my group of friends had gotten was excellent and could not be more happier with their decision. I'm glad that they are happy with it since I did suggest to them this brand. While I normally don't do Embassy Suites, this specific property totally met all of our needs and expectations and will definitely be back to relax and enjoy the sights and sounds of New Orleans for another day. The in room amenities was satisfactory and the beds were nice and comfy. Nothing more or less can you expect amazing to be within the Embassy Suites. Although I can say that the Westin brand has those heavenly beds, the beds offered here at the Embassy Suites can be ranked in my personal top 10 list.
Easy to walk to and from the French Quarter and plenty of dining options abound. The property has its own restaurant, but why dine here when there is plenty of Creole / Cajun authentic restaurants to dine in and discover!
A+Two different buildings. Embassy Suites Hilton and The Lofts also by Hilton. We're in The Lofts. Service is super friendly very customer oriented. The rooms are clean, functional, all high end commodities. Beautiful. We had one hiccup. Our King size suite was reserved months ago but when we checked in they didn't have it available. They moved us into a queen suite which was a decent size for one night, then moved us into a King in a higher floor. Higher floor equals better views. Gourmet breakfast is included. Only con is we have to pay for parking. But location is prime. Anything you'd want to do here is steps away.Located in a decent location, near French quarter, river walk and more. Close to st Charles trolley line so easy to get to further locations. Trolley is only $1.25
The atrium where they do the breakfast and managers reception is nice with great murals on the wall. Breakfast is decent, but they have a soda machine so that alone is worth a star. ;) 
The room is very large, but the bathroom is small. Likewise closet space and counter space in general. But the room has a balcony, which is awesome. 
It is $35 a night to park car and you are forced to use valet. Likewise you are forced to use a bellman to bring up luggage which I understand from viewpoint of its a huge hotel and most people probably take the cart and then leave outside their room so it's more efficient for hotel to have bellman, but reason aside, I don't like being forced into using a service. Which is why I also don't like that they don't have the usual stand of brochures to look through, instead making you use a concierge.
Huge shout out to Seth, at the front desk. He was incredibly helpful, nice and engaging when we checked in. Plus the bellman we were forced to use left one of our items behind at check in are and Seth immediately noticed it and brought it to us in our room. He also made great recommendations for restaurants and was helpful with directions.I stayed here on a business trip for 9 days in November and it was a fantastic place to stay. Located in the Warehouse District, it was a 10 minute walk to the French Quarter, located near some good restaurants, including Emeril's and Cochon, a 10 minute walk to the WWII museum, and close to a lot of art galleries. It's not necessarily in the center of all of the hubbub, but I actually liked being able to get away from the craziness of the French Quarter and Bourbon Street at the end of the night. 
They have very cozy suites with brick walled bathrooms with big open windows overlooking the city so you can have a great view while showering or getting ready to go out at night. 
Now to the best parts - 
FREE HOT BREAKFAST IN THE MORNINGS. Their staff is very friendly and energetic and they have a large variety of hot food choices. It's a great way to get your day off to a good start.
FREE MANAGER'S SPECIAL FROM 5-7 PM EVERY DAY. I know alcohol's not on the expensive side in New Orleans as compared to LA, but how awesome is free drinks with chips and salsa every day to get your evening kicking?! The free drinks, of course, are house bottles, but you can order anything you want - vodka tonics, bloody marys, beers, wines, hurricanes, you name it! The drinks aren't very strong, but you can keep coming back for more during the time period. It's all located in the downstairs courtyard, where you can destress from your convention or your workday with some football on the TVs or just some conversation.
By the way, the only reason that I gave a review of 3 stars is because my hotel room had ants. I hate ants.Stayed here for a show at the convention center in April. While the bell staff and food staff were exceptional the maids were nowhere to be found. After several trips to the front desk to request my room be cleaned I finally got a quick room cleaning. Hotel is old and needs a remodel. Carpets are filthy and if you walk around in light colored socks they will be black. The front desk is in attentive and gives you a smirk like they are doing you a favor. I overheard them on the radio saying there is a guest who is complaining that the room was not cleaned and would like a supervisor. One never came to see the problem. Dirty carpets and room not even vacuumed some staff that could care less. I would pick another place to stay. Not what I expected at a Hilton property.This is the 2nd time we have stayed here and really like it. The rooms are a great large size, and the breakfast is wonderful. I'm a fan of the Managers Reception but the "snacks" are pretty lame really.... 
Beds were pretty comfy, but counter top in hallway area was really dirty like it hadnt been wiped off, and there was a fingernail in the sink. Gross. 
Staff is wonderful!I had the pleasure of staying in this hotel during Essence Fest 2017. I would like to start with the positives: we were allowed to check in early Thursday morning and grab breakfast, the doormen we encountered were courteous and friendly, breakfast and happy hour were consistent, and lastly the closeness to  the convention center can not be beat. 
Negatives: my friends and I were very surprised by the level of service we received overall in regards to the rooms themselves. During a 4 day stay at the hotel, we only had room service take care of the room 1 day and it was the first day we arrived. Although the room was unoccupied during the day we came back to a room that had never been cleaned ( beds not made, trash not taken out(actually over flowing---having to utilize the trash can out in the hallway), and bathroom not cleaned). We were only brought fresh towels when we called down to the front desk(towels were brought only once to the room) but were told twice by staff that they were out of towels but they could send up bathmats. Excuse me who washes their body or dries off with a bath mat! Also, how does a hotel not have enough towels for their guest. The hallways were often littered with trash and dirty dishes that would stay there for hours(sometimes days). We also felt that some staff were very unprofessional, we encountered a housekeeper who when asked "are things slowing down in the hotel?" Her response was "Hell naw, not till 10am Monday!" I guess the hotel was counting down the time for "Essence Guests" to check out. We also asked the same housekeeper for fresh towels and were told laundry refused to send her some for some reason. I would assume the hotel was unable to keep up with the laundry. Elevators were slow and malfunctioning, and lastly the general cleanness of the rooms were questionable at best. 
I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy and I would advise you to stay anywhere else in warehouse district. 
I would be more than happy to speak with management at anytime as I was a guest in room 526.
Also, this was the 23 Anniversary of the Essence Fest, therefore this hotel should have been prepared for the high volume of guests as Essence is held in New Orleans every year.I was a happy camper here. The staff was very accommodating, to the point that the guy behind the desk handed me his phone so I could catch the last minute of game 7 of the NBA championships! The concierge spent extra time with us to determine what the best fit would be for the tourist mission we were going on, and sent us to a spectacular restaurant with the friendliest waiters/waitresses I've ever come across! The free breakfast was great, the complimentary cocktails at happy hour were great, the jazz band playing at happy hour was fun to take in, and most importantly, the beds were comfortable and the AC kept me nice and cold in disgusting outdoor humidity. I'd stay here again.The New Orleans Embasy Suite is a hotel that I recommend. Its strong points are spacious rooms and the Manager's Reception.
 What the Manager's Reception is, is an all you can eat breakfast buffet in the morning and an open bar serving complimentary drinks from 5:30 to 7:30 PM daily. And I am talking alcohol beverages including the Hurricane, Bloody Marys, and tap beer. Every evening I would live my vacation philosophy of coffee by day and alcohol by night. At the open bar guests can also snack on tortilla chips with salsa and so on. The Manager's Reception takes place in a spacious atrium that compliments New Orleans with a Mardi Gras mural. By the way I appreciate that the Embasy Suite hotels that I have lounged in have complimented the city it is in. We made it a tradition to spend time at the Manager's Reception before hanging out in the nearby Harrah's, another great place for a fun time. Enough said on the complimentary drinking. The breakfast buffet exceeds the common continental breakfast. I am not talking Fruity Pebbles and some beacon. I am talking freshly made omelets with the standard breakfast icons prepared fresh. I am picky with coffee, and  did not try their coffee. I purchased Starbuck's coffee from the Riverside Cafe, adjacent to the atrium.
  The suites are spacious. There are two rooms per suite. One room features two beds and the other offers a fold open sofa bed. This layout is greatif somebody in your party is a loud snorer, or you just need space. The suites have a balcony that overlooks a part of New Orleans that isn't exactly a Kodak photo spot. One flaw, at least with our room, was no bathroom vent.
  As far as location it is a good distance to Bourbon Street. Regardless that the hotel appears to be in a nice neighboorhood, the surrounding streets  appear to be desolute in the later hours of the night. It is close to Harrah's (which could keep you away from the French Quarter more than you would prefer to), the Convention Center, the Riverwalk, museums, and galleries. One flaw is that too many of the restautants in the area close by 10 P M. If you enjoy a long walk to the French Quarter, the location is decent.
  Also the hot tub and pool area is a relaxing place to unwind. The hot tub actually works, and is not a gimmick
  The business center was never busy. We'd always get a computer.
  The concierge was knowledgeable. He came in handy when he planned our swamp tour.
  I close this review by saying that I recommend the New Orleans Embasy Suite.pros: Great location.  Short cab ride or 15 minutes walk to French quarter. And great decor.  Rooms had a classic warehouse decor but all the modern amenities. 
Con:  bad service.  The maid never came two days in a row.Overall it's okay.  Taken care of a little less than some ES I've stayed at, but probably gets more than its fair share of abuse by the mardi gras idiots.
The young ladies at the information desk are fabulous! Always smiling and helpful, I never doubted their genuineness.  Don Wilson is a treasure, the kind of person that makes one wonder "why is this guy not upper management"?  Several people at this place impressed me, but none more than him - if I owned a hotel I'd steal him from this place in a flash.
My biggest complaint is the fitness center in The Lofts.   The equipment is fine, but the layout is horrible.  There's a large screen TV, behind you....That makes absolutely no sense.  There are no ceiling fans, so the air is stagnant.  There is nothing provided, that I could find, to wipe down the equipment from previous users. 
When hotels design fitness centers they should at least consult with someone on how best to set it up, it's obvious this one didn't.
Bottom line is that I'll try someplace else for the money if I ever visit NOLA again before I commit to this hotel, not up to the Embassy Suites standard as I've come to experience it.I have stayed at Embassy Suits before and have never had these many issues I experienced in New Orleans! 
As to the geographical orientation; the hotel was about a 20-30 minute walk to the French Quarter. 
I wish I could say it was a positive experience, but it was awful from the moment we arrived!! We were told we could not have our suite for the first night because another guest wanted to stay one more night, so we couldn't have our reservation for the first night and they were going to give us ONE ROOM, when we booked a suite! We had to lug all of our luggage to another hotel, and then back to Embassy the next day. After all that we were told we would be able to stay Saturday night in our suite, but would need to move to yet ANOTHER room for the remainder of the visit. This was completely unacceptable! 
 Twice we called the desk for towels and both times we had to call again as a reminder. Both times we were received with attitude at our request; as if we were bothering them. Then when the man came to drop off towels we asked him to take our old ones and he said no because he wasn't told to take old towels.  Then we asked if we could have a pillow and he once again acted like we were inconveniencing him and said he has other things to do. We understand that, and didn't need it right then but he didn't have to make it like we were bothering him!
 The morning of our exit the front desk called, awaking us from our sleep, telling us the credit card the room was under would not covering room payment.  Mind you we have not checked out yet so they shouldn't have charged our card! We ALSO told the desk on THREE occasions we would be paying for the room with a different card when we checked in.
 With all of these negative services received, no discount or extra services were ever offered to us. We are not sorry to say we will never stay at this Embassy Suites again. 
Bottom line, I just felt they care more about money than customer service! Since we paid a discounted rate and I'm sure the people staying an extra night were paying full price. That is completely unacceptable, to overbook when we booked 4 months in advance and if they were going to give our room to the occupants another night, then be sure to provide us with a comparable switch, which they did not! Hence, why I feel so strongly to their belief of money over customer service!I had a very comfortable time here at Embassy Suite! The room was very spacious! I like how the couch in the living room was able to pull out into a bed.  The room had a microwave which I appreciate as a person who often take home leftovers and must heat it up before eating.   I was here for a 4 day  seminar and I am extremely glad that we had booked it here.   The  complimentary breakfast was delicious and that offer a wide variety of food like eggs, Bacon, cereal, grits, bread, bagels, impetus omelette made to other.  The only downside I could think of is that there isn't any pancakes or waffles. Aside from that it was a great experience and a perfect location that is walking distance from the convention center, French quarter, River walk and more! I didn't have to use uber or any sort of transportation other and my feet. :)Overall, it worked out for us despite having to pay the full price $299/night when we couldn't find a deal on Priceline due to the NCAA tourney games. It's been so long since we've paid full price.
The good: i enjoyed the breakfast and the evening happy hour. There were some lines for drinks, but not bad for a free drink. i could do one of their omelets every morning (jalapeno, mushroom, ham, and cheese...delish).
The location worked for us. We were in town for the NCAA games at New Orleans Arena. It's a walkable distance (about a mile or about 20 minutes) to both the arena and the French Quarter. There are a few good eateries in the area like Lucy's and Mulates. Decent view as we walked out our door seeing New Orleans.
The bad: i thought some of the things in the room could use some updating, improving. Our shower head kind of sprayed the ceiling and dripped from there. The doorknobs were old looking and loose, and the bathroom door didn't lock.WORST STAY EVER!
My boyfriend is a Hilton Honor Gold member & I am an employee at a Hilton in Ohio. For my Christmas present my boyfriend decided to surprise me with a trip to NOLA for Mardi Gras. As I do work for a hotel, I understand the inner workings.
Our first night was unbelievable.. after a night out on Bourbon Street we came to our room to get some rest.  By 4am we were SWARMED by ants in our bed. Crawling all over our bodies. In disgust, we hopped in the shower & slept with no blanket or pillows on the pull out sofa bed. 
That morning we informed the front desk who was not sympathetic to this horrid issue. I showed them photos we had taken of ants all over the bed, pillows & blankets.  We packed our bags & asked if we could switch rooms. 
Once we returned to the hotel to switch rooms it took 2 and a half hours for them to attempt to find our luggage we had left. They ended up giving us our old room keys to get it ourselves HA!  We called the bell staff repeatedly & went down to speak with a Front Office manager. She explained that they did not staff properly for the holiday and kept giving excuses. We received NO follow up from any manger or general manager for all the inconveniences! It's been three months since our stay.
I did not once feel cared for, valued or respected. I would never recommend this hotel. We even stayed in the "renovated" area. AWFUL! Take you business elsewhereShowed up and my reservation was "not in their system" until I pulled out my phone and gave them the number and showed my credit card. Then when I got to my room I find out there is no water available all night until tomorrow morning. And finally I had to ask three times in two hours time for an extra blanket and pillow. This really deserves less than two stars but at least the have air conditioning? Idk. I'm looking for the silver lining but honestly I wouldn't stay here again.Stayed here plenty of times located in convention center world of across the street. They have complementary happy hour and free breakfast in the morning . When it comes to big groups they are very unorganized doesn't mean because there in group sitting down are on the phone outside others customers have to wait. Besides toilet running at night and the heat. The breakfast and happy hour keep you coming coming backDont do it. Just dont! 
It is not like any other embassy suite I have ever stayed at (and not in a good way)! Don't get me wrong, I love Embassy Suites. If possible, I only stay at E.S. hotels. This was just a beyond disappointing hotel experience. 
Service was seriously rude! This was our first time in NOLA so we asked the receptionist if she had any recommendations as to where to go or what to see... her response was very snippy to say the least. 
Next we arrived to our room which smelt like a combination of wet dog, smoke, and fish. The set up was standard for Embassy Suites, but it felt so old and run down. When we arrived to our room there was literally nothing in it (in regards to toiletries/towels/etc). We had to call and request for towels to be brought up to the room and things like soap and shampoo as well. This took some time, and finally we just went down to the front desk and picked up some of the essentials. 
Location wasnt great. My family said the breakfast was just average. Parking is a HUGE HASSLE. 
Seriously- JUST DONT DO IT!I travel extensively for business and I prefer Embassy Suites because, with some notable exceptions, they conform to the same standard.  Few surprises lurk for the weary traveler.
The Embassy Suites New Orleans breaks out of the conformal corporate mold.  And that's OK with me.  After all, NOLA is a city of surprises and why would I want to stay in the same workaday hotel I always do?
My fiancee and I stayed in the adjacent lofts and found the accommodations to be just a hair below corporate standards.  Perhaps it was only due to the relatively smaller and simpler room layout.  The usual amenities such as super comfortable bed, LCD TVs, refrigerator and coffee maker were all there.  Also, some nice touches such as exposed brickwork on the outer wall as well as a bathroom mirror crafted from reclaimed wood.  As the mirror frame seemed filled with worm holes I surmise that the wood may have come from a river barge.
The breakfast was as good or superior to the offerings of other Embassy Suites properties.  Big portions served up by smiling line cooks.
The location was within walking distance to the Superdome and Bourbon Street, although there's no shame in the taxi game.  A good number of taxis were queued up outside at all hours, so no problem there either.
If you wish to stock the larder, Rouses Market is about 7 blocks west on Girod Street and has a fantastic hotel-suitable hot and cold deli.
In conclusion, the only surprise was how enjoyable the stay was despite some previous negative reviews.  I wouldn't hesitate to return.This is a review for The Lofts instead of the main Embassy Suites location. The Lofts are around the corner and supposedly updated, although they seem pretty average to me. 
The concierge was mostly friendly and welcoming during our stay, some more than others. We arrived right after lunch and were able to drop off our bags before going to out to explore the city. Good thing, too, because it was almost 6pm by the time our room was ready- way past the official check-in time.
The rooms are...fine. They're not bad, but they're not great, either. If your plan is to be in the room long enough to shower and sleep, it will work. There's obvious wear and tear: holes/marks on the walls, our TV in the sitting room didn't work, couch and chairs were threadbare. Almost everyday we had at least one towel with stains on it and the carpet was dingy with noticeable stains, which is saying a lot considering it was a navy/khaki pattern. The biggest issue was the shower. Not only was it moldy, it leaked. The little bath mat to step on as you get out was soaked anytime anyone took a shower and once it was soaked, puddles formed on the floor. 
Yes, there's valet parking; yes, it's pricey; and no, it doesn't include a tip. We had plans to leave the hotel at 7am one morning during our stay. We called for our car at 6:40am. By 6:55am, it hadn't arrived and we were told we could walk down and get it ourselves. Glad we're paying $42 bucks for that. For at least 15 minutes after we left, we kept getting text messages saying they couldn't locate our car. On our last day, we called for the car, it was parked, but the valet was nowhere to be found. We waited and waited, then got a text saying no one was available to give us our keys. Turns out the valet was asleep in the office! We had better luck walking down to the garage and personally asking for it most of the time.
There is a free breakfast and happy hour, but we did not partake in either. I think we'll find another option for our next trip.My husband and I were asked to join our daughter in New Orleans for a few nights while she was attending a convention nearby. I offered to pay for the hotel and we would stay together in one room. I had difficulty finding a hotel close to the convention center since most were booked up. I found a vacancy on an on line hotel booking site for the nights we needed and at the Embassy Suites in NOLA on Julia street. It was located very conveniently a few blocks from the convention center.  After seeing the vacancies available, I called the hotel directly and they told me they were booked up and to take the on line vacancies if I found them. I did book the room on line and booked it for 3 adults. ( the price was not a reduced price but was the same price offered by the convention offerings).  I booked the room for 3 adults but when I received the confirmation, it stated in fine print that the room is only guaranteed for 2 adults per room so I called the hotel back and was told it would be a 2 bed room or a room with a bed and fold out couch and we would be ok. I added an additional night to the reservation later directly through the hotel and confirmed again the reservation was for 3 adults. My daughter arrived to the convention a day before my husband and I arrived. She was given a room with a double bed only.  It was so small, that she didnt even have room to put an additional cot. It was not the normal suite which I have always found at Embassy Suites. She went back downstairs to report the problem. She called me on the phone from the front desk and was almost in tears. The front desk clerk told her that there was nothing he would do since it was booked on line and not directly from the hotel. My daughter asked me to talk to the clerk to explain what I was told when the reservations were made but he refused to even talk to me. She put me on speaker phone so he would hear what I had to say but he wouldnt respond. After she continued to try to talk to the clerk, he told her he would get her a two bed room but was very rude to her. He also would only give her tickets to the breakfast for two people not three per day. The room was very small and had two full size beds with no suite as advertised.  The bathroom was so small, there was about 6 inches between the door and commode. The room appeared to have not been used in a while. The dust on the bedside table was so thick, I could write my name in it. The hall light did not work. The carpet was unclean and had black sticky spots on several places. The commode was leaking water and would continuously turn itself on to fill up the tank and was very loud. (waking us up at night numerous times) The tub was draining very slow and would fill with dirty water while taking a shower. When my husband and I arrived, I reported the problems in the room to the housekeeper by leaving a note and a tip on the bed. These things were not addressed while we were there. I again reported them when I checked out.  I also tried to get the additional breakfast tickets for three people each day instead of two. I was told there would be an additional charge of $12 for each breakfast ticket. After I discussed with clerk the details of our booking the room, she handed me a ticket and frowned at me. RUDE!!!! 
As for the breakfast, I was dissappointed with that as well. They were so busy that the tables were not being cleaned off and we could not find any place to sit. I could not find a place to place the dirty dishes  to clean a table for myself.  Many of the tables were being used to just place dirty dishes on so customers could clear their own tables. The food was ok but not the usual quality breakfast that I am use to having at an Embassy Suite. On check out, we called to make a request for a late check out for 1pm to coincide with our flight schedule.  The normal check out is at noon. We were granted our request graciously. When we tried to use our room key at 12:05pm it would not work. We went downstairs to get our key recoded and had to wait in a long line. After having it coded again, went back upstairs and it still did not work. I talked to a housekeeper who was close by and she stated "do not speak English".  We were stuck out of our room for almost a half hour while trying to get it fixed. This caused us to be rushed to get to the airport and check out. 
On a positive note, some of the employees were great and not all were rude as mentioned. I did enjoy the breakfast greeter who took your ticket and handed you a tray. She was always smiling and very cheerful which was nice in the morning. The location was great for the convention and had some wonderful restaurants within close walking distance.The hotel was in a perfect location for our adventures downtown but many of the staff could use some additional training on how to treat their visitors. Credit cards were slid across counters after they were handed to staff, expired drinks were in the drink machine and when returned we were asked what we would have them do, there were no greetings when passing anyone in the otherwose empty lobby and the room left a lot to be desired with the chipping paint and dirty carpet. I would definitely deal with the chain again, just not this locationTerrible Hotel.  Ridiculously loud air conditioning unit in the rooms which do not permit sleep.  I posted a video of how loud the air conditioning unit is which doesn't include when it initially turns on which is a startling experience. Elevators that don't go down, which forces customers to use the stairs.This was the perfect hotel to stay at before our cruise. We could see the ship from our balcony. They had an evening managers reception with drinks/snacks and breakfast in the morning.Meh.
The lobby was the highlight of the hotel including but not limited to the mural and bar, otherwise I would not recommend this place to people I know personally. 
The walk to Bourbon Street was about 30 mins or so which isn't bad but after a few times it just seems longer. 
The bed was hard, bathroom and room is outdated. The balcony view sucks. The hallway is a maze on it's own. Parking looks like it would be a pain.