Honestly don't understand why there are any bad reviews here. I come here at least twice a week or more and the coffee here is the epitome of perfection, I'm obsessed with their almond croissants, the staff is always so lovely; shoutout to Andy he always makes me different latte art every time I come in. (Unfortunately, I only have one picture in my phone)I was here for a weekend getaway and stumbled upon this delight. I was truly glad I stopped by! 
The food is great, the baristas are friendly and polite, and it's in a great location. 
Come here. That's all.Awesome staff. Super friendly and courteous. Cookies are amazing and coffee kicks ass! Free WIFI and a great spot to take a breather from venturing the French Quarter!My credit card expired and they gave me the coffee and told me not to worry about it is was on the house. Wow what customer service. Not to mention the nice vibe there and the piping hot cup of Joe was delicious.This shop was great! The staff were nice, the coffee was flavorful. I had normal black coffee and my friends got chicory. They also had a great cookie selection! I tried the white chocolate raspberry cookie but wish I'd gotten chocolate chip. These are unusually big cookies, not the crunchy kind. Of the French quarter coffee shops, this was my favorite.Great little cafe in French Quarter, full bar, great cookies and treats and coffees.  Very friendly service.  5:30pm on rainy Tuesday completely empty.Vegan sweets!  Amazing ones.   Great variety of hot and cold drinks.   Very cleans space with art for sale on the walls.   Bathrooms spotless.  Friendly staff and good service.   The hummingbird cake made me weak in the knees!   Will definitely be back.Small and clean, open air espresso bar with good breakfast food and friendly staff. Iced coffee and scones to start the day in a classy joint!Love the open air ambiance, the bikers, joggers passing by and coming in, great coffee.  The breakfast sandwich on whole wheat toast and cheesy grits was great.  DH was OK with his French toast, but says he likes his custardy version better -haha.Cute, quaint, edgy, fun. Delicous, quality, cool. It was REALLY nice to find this craft beanery exactly where we needed it. The Barista was really nice, and super cool, interesting note - we got the recommendation from one Nola's finest... free WiFi makes it great!!! Yay !!! Can't wait to return!!!!Cute little place. The staff is really friendly. There's a great variety of stuff from delicious coffee to breakfast sandwiches on tasty biscuits (served all day) to paninis to beer on tap.  We'll definitely be back!Cool little spot, but I got a sandwich, and it took me 30 minutes to get it. However, the coffee is good, much better than Starbucks.Quick stop for coffee! Best flat white I've ever had! Iced mocha was very good as well! A must have if near by for a delicious caffeine fix!Found this gem using Yelp. Staff was incredibly helpful and welcoming. We had the Healthy Stack and the Bagel and Lox. Both were really good. Our server told us, "If you don't think it's great I'll make you something else."  Great food and great service made for a great start to the day.Oh how I love fresh coffee or maybe I want a beer on tap or both...hmmmm. Think I'll have a panini sandwich or maybe Hummus? This is not your average coffee shop folks. No Starbucks snobs in sight! Just damn good coffee with ridiculous options like Parish pale ale on tap. Maybe  a shot of Jack Daniels in your espresso!Sweet little coffee shop, staff was friendly and the iced mocha latte was... yummmm. Also had a little breakfast sandwich and enjoyed that as well.This is the perfect coffee shop for the French Quarter.  Creative caffeinated adult beverages to keep you going for a late night and traditional espresso for the resulting recovery the next morning.We came here 3 times during the our trip. They have White Russian Espresso drinks and other great mixes.  Great for cold days!Green with Envie? Stopped here on St.Party's Day for a boost, and found my boost filed with coconut rum. This is a must see Cafe with friendly service, knowledgeable staff, relaxing decor, and delicious boozefilled coffee.Awesome setting and excellent service were highlights of an experience that I rarely find while trying out new shops. I had a 12 oz double americano, served in a mug. It was some of the best espresso I have ever had; savory, full bodied, and exceptionally smooth. One of the baristas even went out of her way to write down vegan options in the area for my partner and myself.The worst Irish coffee ever! Stay away from their alcoholic coffees. Had a cheese Danish pastry. Wasn't anything to rave about either.Surprisingly good coffee shop in the middle of the French Quarter to relax and get some work done with a good cup of coffeeI just had the Irish coffee and blueberry cheesecake and both are to die for!!!
Definitely hit this spot if you need a nice night cap and dessert :)Great coffee shop to recharge during a long day. Ac, plenty of seating, free wifi, clean bathrooms & GREAT coffee.Pros: really good vibe, nice music, artwork on the walls, the iced mocha was delicious
Cons: tables felt a bit sticky (cleanliness?), variety of food items for breakfast, weak AC (doors open)
Overall this was a cool place to hangout. I just got here last night and I was looking for a place to have breakfast. They have a bacon egg sandwich that's pretty tasty, but that's about it when it comes to breakfast food aside from the parfait and pastries. Coffee was great, I tried the iced mocha and it had a very nice chocolate flavor. I'd recommend this place to anybody looking for somewhere that has a Starbucks feel but with a local flair. They lose a star for the weak AC (not too hot today but who knows what happens when the temps go up to 100) and because it felt warm inside. They have the AC running but the entrance doors are propped open and they go all the way up to the ceiling, so a lot of heat comes in.
Try it out! I liked it.I think I now know why beignets are so popular in this town: because there aren't any other good breakfast pastries. This is the third time I have had good coffee and awful pastries. 
I should have known by how sad some of the items looked in the display case, but there aren't many early morning options in the French Quarter.  Many of the breakfast restaurants don't open until 9. The "Apple" Danish I selected was really just a disk of plain bread, not terribly tender or rich, with two chunks of apples on top.My previous 4-star review may have been premature. I have been on a lox bagel breakfast kick for the past few weeks. It doesn't seem to be a popular dish here, at least not at the eateries open at 7:30AM when I need a little breakky before work. I stopped in to Envie to grab my morning coffee, and low and behold they had a lox bagel dish! I was all over it. I was a little disappointed at the price, something like $7, until I got to work and opened the takeout box and heard angels singing: There was so much beautiful lox!!! It was amazing. It came with capers, onions, cream cheese, tomatoes. I had a sesame bagel with it; it was perfectly toasted. I love it when I have such high hopes for something, and the place comes through exceeding all expectations! This will forever be my lox and bagel home. Thank you Envie! Oh and my iced coffee with almond milk was great as usual!Full offer espresso bar + beer and full bar.  Vibe is more coffee shop than other hybrids I've seen.  Staff pays attention and the drinks are made right!Eh. I stopped in mid-morning on a Saturday, looking for tasty coffee and bagels. I did not find what I was looking for.
Coffee: 4/5
Food (Taste): 2/5
Food (Value): 1/5
Starting with the not-so-bad: The coffee was actually pretty good. Decent, at least. I got a large Iced Latte and it tasted good and satisfied my caffeine craving. While I would not go out of my way to get my latte here in the future, I might come back for the coffee if I was in the area.
I absolutely would not return for the food. I ordered a Bagel w/ Lox to go with my coffee. I was not impressed. The bagel was grocery store quality (read: awful), and the lox was excessively squishy and fishy---not at all like lox is supposed to be. The cream cheese had obviously been squeezed out of one of those individual-size round containers---and it had perfectly maintained that shape. And I got about 5x more capers than any person would ever want. Plus the juice of all those capers... Drowning the bagel. Great.
The quality of the food was unimpressive and, for the price, actually kind of offensive. If you want to charge nearly $8 for a bagel, I expect it to be fluffy and delicious, properly toasted, and served with decent cream cheese---not the vaguely slimy product that comes out of those pre-packaged Philadelphia mini packets.
A disgrace to bagels everywhere. But, giving the coffee the credit it deserves... 3/5Popped in for an Irish coffee after dinner. Lovely service, delicious coffee and reasonable prices. Will defo be back!We could smell the coffee as we approached. Sitting in and enjoying a really well made, strong coffee. The staff were super friendly and the bacon and egg sandwich (on a tasty scone/biscuit) was the perfect start to the day. We grabbed a coffee to go on the way out.Very friendly baristas and good coffee. Bakery looks amazing. Loved my peach iced tea. The lattes are also good.So check it. I always got my cafe here and went elsewhere for a breakfast sandwich. No more. I love their omelets. Especially a little joy called big ham and cheddar. Ask for soft. Pet peeve of mine is burnt eggs. My friend who is thinner and can still eat carbs swears by the breakfast in a go cup. Booze. Stays open late. Kinda an indoor/outdoor place. A upper Decatur staple that's always here for me when I need them.Solid breakfast and lunch joint. Can't go wrong with any their omelettes. Don't forget the espresso!Very cool cafe on Decataur. Stopped and had great coffee and an amazing peanut butter chocolate chunk cookie. Place has a good vibe, friendly people, and the bathrooms are nice too!Good coffee is hard to find in NOLA. We enjoyed our macchiato at Envie. It's trendy, the staff are friendly and the coffee is consistent.This cute little hangout place is one stop you need to take! Their foods range from sandwiches, paninis, bakery items, and many more! They are quick and have great prices!This hit the spot for a late lunch with fantastic pulled pork sandwiches and a cold beer.Cute place with good coffee. I was excited to see that they carry gluten free brownies and lemon bars!10 pm.  Not crowded. Coffee alcohol or non alcohol drinks.  Breakfast sandwiches made fresh.  Great.  And we got the panini asparagus and prosciutto, delicious.  Just right for light snacks or a full meal.Amazing place, good music, good price. Coffee and food also really good served by a gentle team. Love it.Not a lot of choice but good little snacks! Expresso machine and different  coffee option.Amazing Coffee, amazing Chai Latte, what can I say, this place has a great breakfast ambience. This place is definitely worth a walk away from your hotel.Holly smokes havent had such a bad service in a while. The bartender and barista keep arguing over smth the barista is: no thank you, no please, just takes a card and have you sign for the tip- It seems like inconvinience asking for food here.We really liked this place. They had a great selections of pastries, breakfast quiche and sandwiches, and other tastily snacks. The coffee au lait was spectacular and the chai latte was also great. They had a nice selection of milks and use organic almond milk. The staff were wonderfully sweet and helpful and made changes to specialize orders without hesitance. We would definitely recommend rising this place.I had a very satisfying latte. It was quick and tasty. It was a really windy day, so I wished they closed the windows/doors.Cute little shop that serves alcohol with their coffee. Although I only ordered an almond milk latte, I just liked having the option of adding something a little extra should I be in the mood for it. Loved the open doors to the patio.Great bar, great coffee drinks. Being a fan of the Big Lebowski I had to get the White Russian which was made to perfection. Quality serviceThis place has a great atmosphere. The friendly staff makes me want to return again. The biscuit and orange juice I had today was delicious. I thought my breakfast was of good value. I'm planning to return again.Perfect little cafe for a quick breakfast and coffee. I got the Eggs Envie and cafe au lait cocoa and both were delicious. The cafe au lait was sweet but not too sweet and the hash browns were perfectly crispy (couldn't stop myself from taking a bite before the picture). Apart from the food, the service was fast and everyone working there seemed really nice. Though it's quite small, there's plenty of seating and the decor is so cute! Definitely recommend stopping by here!!Great little coffee place with excellent iced coffee. Great place to go if you want a cheap, smaller new Orleans breakfast.Great place to sit and work all day. Plenty of outlets and free wifi. Cafe Au Lait with cocoa was great (had two of them) and the french toast with fruit was excellent. Excellent service (put up with my pronunciation of Cafe Au Lait somehow) and good atmosphere.Great atmosphere. Great service. Great New Orleans chicory coffee. Yum!
Clean bathrooms too!This location, in my opinion, is better than the Envie location further down Decatur near the Marigny. This location has a better atmosphere that is clean of gutter punks, and it is just nicer. The menu is the same here, which is great. 5 stars for both locations.Great prices, friendly staff, and nice atmosphere. 
I discovered this location about two weeks ago. I live in MS but my husband has been filling in with his job in the French Quarter so while he's been working here I've been coming to this location and doing school work - sometimes spending 7 hours a day here. 
The workers on the evening shift have been fantastic. The ones that especially stand out in my mind are Yaz, Lindsey, and Chris. I have received spectacular service from these particular workers since I have been coming here. 
I'm mostly writing this review because of Chris. On 3/30/16, Chris was working the evening shift and at the time I was the only customer at your location. I stepped away to bring my husband a drink from here and when I came back in a guy followed me in and sat at the booth with me. Chris could immediately sense my discomfort with the situation and acted very quickly. He asked me if I knew the guy who followed me in, but before I had a chance to answer him the guy said he did in fact know me. I then spoke up and told him that he didn't know me. In fact I had never seen the guy prior to this night. Long story short, I was very uncomfortable and Chris told him that if he wasn't going to purchase anything then he needed to leave. The guy then got very hostile and aggressive towards Chris and was threatening us. It took Chris calling the cops for the guy to leave. The fact that Chris stood up for me and was watching out for me and could have potentially put himself in harms way just to make sure I was safe really means a lot to me, especially since Chris doesn't know me and I have PTSD as a result of a random assault I experienced in the past. 
I can't truly express in words how thankful I am that he was working that night and was watching out for me. People like that are really hard to come by. For that reason alone, I will be a customer for life. 
*While this review does describe a bad event, I want to make it clear that I have always felt safe being at this location by myself and I don't want anyone reading this review to assume that this cafe is in a bad area because that isn't the case. This was simply a random act. 
So, again...thank you, thank you, thank you.Service, food and beverages were fantastic. Also the chill environment within the various photographs hanging on the wall and the benches held together with the pipes were great . The two ladies were helpful in brewing the late coffee just right and the chef in the back hooked the great french toast and egg/croissant. It is worth stopping by either to this location or to the other few blocks down.Lemon Ginger iced tea, thirst quenching and delicious. Highly recommend after a brisk parade in the French quarter, and reasonably priced!My bride and I had an outstanding visit here. Started with dessert, as it should be. :) A huge cup of Royal Chickory coffee, jasmine tea, pecan pie from a local bakery, followed by relaxation and then bagel and lox. Great atmosphere, great prices, great service.Happy to find this coffee shop and they have some delicious food too. At least the breakfast go cup was. Great coffee too!The espresso here was acidic. I'm used to deep rich espresso with bitter and chocolate notes, but here I got a bitter little cup of acid. I would stay away if you are looking for a good espresso in New Orleans.
My friends got an iced mocha and hot chocolate. Both of these drinks were alright, but still excessively sweet.I enjoyed this coffee shop in the French Quarter.
We had the iconic breakfast in a cup, which was SO delicious, except for one thing: the grits.
I was enjoying it so much, until I hit the grits. I would have preferred more eggs in the cup, bacon, sausage, and gravy. The top half of it was SO SO SO good.
I suggest you try it :) just ask for it sans grits, if you don't enjoy them as much as you do!Everything you'd want in a coffee shop. I liked their dark roast; the refill was free so I tried the chicory. It was also just right. Had a very tasty blueberry scone. They have free WiFi, nice tables, and a pleasant, quiet atmosphere. Good place to recharge before or after your adventurous day in the quarter.Love this place. We made this a frequent stop while visiting. At different times I had the yogurt parfait, a danish, a croissant, and a quiche. All were good although I wished there were more berries in my parfait as mine only had peaches and apples. The coffee drinks were also great. Iced Mocha was tasty and one of the days I asked them to make me a Dirty Chai frappucino. They figured it out and it was phenomenal. Great place. Friendly staff.Great atmosphere and great coffee! I love the look inside of the cafe!  Great place to stay and study.  Located in the heart of the French Quarters!Ordered a cafe latte and an decaf iced mocha.  Not good at all.  I ended up not finishing the iced mocha and threw it away.The cafe was nice in a modern industrial way. Coffee was weak and acidic. Staff was unwelcoming.  Tables not bused. They complained loudly in a full cafe that patrons stayed to long. They should be happy anyone comes for the bad coffee and surly service.Definitely pleased with the coffee. The breakfast sandwich was delicious, so much that We came back here almost every morning we were in town. Friendly service and relaxing atmosphereGreat atmosphere. The coffee very below average. Watery flat and (too hot) cappuccino . I like mine rich and  frothy, not flat with some foam on top. Couldn't finish it. Of course I grew up on San Fransisco north beach coffee such as cafe Trieste and cafe Roma where the Italians pass the tech down from generation to generation.   And more recently blue bottle coffee.Awesome space, great drinks, and electric plugs under the table a big plus! We had tea, hot toddies, and a piece of lemon berry cake. All delicious. Only issue was we made a friend with a mouse under the ice machine. Is that a New Orleans thing?Love their chicory cafe au lait and the desserts that they have are yummy  its a nice coffee and espresso place off a busy street.Really chill cool chicks and laid back tunes... Bright and alive and I'm guessing the quiches are great cause they sold out before 9First time visiting this (newer) location! My husband and I love the Nutty Irishman, but all of their coffee is great! The employees are always very friendly also :) would definitely recommend!The nutty Irishman will warm you up on a cold February day. The king cake at mardi gras was pretty good too. Great spot to catch a break when walking about in the French Quarter.Great, cool place! Awesome latte, friendly, and all the things I like. First perfect espresso drink since we've been here! Did I mention the cookies? Oh yum!Really good cappuccinos and a huge parfait made this place a nice find during our visit.  Highly recommended!!Finally a real Cortado in the South.   Why is it all of these fancy "3rd wave" coffee houses in every city I have been in driving through the whole south CANNOT make a decent Cortado ?  They all look great, they charge $4 but when you taste it it's just that old burnt espresso taste.  But Envie can make it spot on.  They not only fill up the cup and don't waste time on stupid "latte art" but it tastes perfect.  Like I'm at the Funnel Mill in Santa Monica or Italy.Delicious cappuccino and some really good cake, too...great music and people watching!Breakfast in a cup was delicious and great for on the go eating! Coffee was perfect, staff friendly and helpful. Sad we didn't find Envie until our last day!Went there around midnight of a weekend. Too bad I couldn't get a sandwich (they serve food until 11 "only"). Yet they served pastry and beverages, which we fully enjoyed!
I had some iced latte and a blueberry cheesecake. The cake was expectedly heavy, but it tasted surprisingly good. Not too sweet, while having various flavors. Latte was not too strong but had a good, refreshing taste. Would love to come back.This is probably one of my favorite NOLA finds. Delicious boozy coffee/tea options and equally yummy brunch food.