Sister and I shared a platter that had crab cakes and some other stuff.  It was decent but nothing special.  The restaurant was dark and didn't really dig the vibe.  A girlfriend had blackened catfish that was pretty good.Was walking around the neighborhood and stopped here as the menu caught my eye. They had many tasty options to choose from, I thought. My husband and I were the ONLY ones in the restaurant and it took us over an hour to get our food. 
I ordered an oyster po boy, the waiter brought it out to me and it was literally just an old baguette with some oysters on it, not dressed at all, no tomato, no lettuce no sauce or condiments. I have no idea how it took them that long to throw some oysters on some bread. By the way, the bread was very dry, old and hard. I didn't even eat it. My husband got jambalaya and the rice wasn't even cooked thoroughly, making it crunchy. Also the items we chose were very highly priced making it an even worse experience that we couldn't even enjoy our food. 
The waiter was very nice though and checked on us multiple times which is why I'm giving this place two stars. I will never eat here again, save your money and go somewhere else.Granted it was a Monday-between thunderstorms-but it was pretty good.The place was very slow and quiet.Service was very good and attentive.Food was really good too.Not cheap,by any means,but very good.Would go back again for sure.I'm always scepitcal when restaurants display their food outside and have someone trying to lure you in.
At first, I really didn't think it was s good choice, seemed like a weird old bar/ restaurant with bad decor.
Our waitress really went out of her way to make us feel welcomed and I liked that the chef at the end even stopped by to say hi.
I really enjoyed the messy bbq shrimps but the steak was pretty low quality. They give you parmesan butter bread for your meal.
They also gave us a free order of spinach and a great desert.
Would I go back...nope but I appreciate the efforts made and maybe this might be up someone else's alley.Let me start off by saying that I'm generally pretty forgiving when things don't go so well at a restaurant. Stuff happens. Unfortunately, My experience at Star Steak & Lobster was unforgivable, even by my very forgiving standards.
Like many others, I came here on a Groupon deal. I had checked out their menu and read a couple of reviews and the place seemed alright and I had already picked out my order.
It started off mid afternoon. I decided to stop by to reserve a table for later on in the evening as we were going to walk by it on the way from our hotel. Requested a table for two around 8, gave my name, and was on my way... Come 8 o'clock or so we returned and upon seeing a small crowd milling about in front I became glad that I had reserved a table. Except that upon checking in we were told to wait as there were no tables. After about 15 minutes we were offered seats at the bar and promised that we would get the next available table. Stupidly we waited for another 15 or 20 minutes until it became painfully obvious that they didn't have a table and that they had clearly never reserved our spot to begin with. Okay, whatever stuff happens like I said, at least we have the food to look forward to.  So, we put in our orders with the bartender then proceed to wait for what felt like 45 minutes... At this point if it weren't for the already paid for Groupon voucher we likely would've just walked out after having our fill of piss poor service.
FINALLY our steaks come out... and they're way undercooked. We had ordered one medium and one medium well and both came out rare. At this point we just didn't care anymore to bother sending it back as we just wanted to be done with the place as quickly as possible.
Good job Star Steak & Lobster, you managed to make my very short list of businesses that I have no intention of ever patronizing again.Totally loved this place until we were blind sided and given our bill with a 20% tip already included. We were only a party of 3 and this information was not present in the menu or were we told ahead of time. 
Good food but I would not come backNot sure the reason for the bad write ups, but my wife and I had dinner last Sunday around 6 and we had absolutely nothing to complain about. Our server, Gloria, totally walked us thru the menu. The food, beverage service, and atmosphere were great. We used a Groupon, no problem with that, and I whole heartedly recommend this place.I got Yollar deal to this place. I asked for medium well and the center of my steak was raw.  I was hoping it would be good but it was not.  The drinks and Stacy the bartender were the only parts of being there that I liked.  I would drink there again but the food was not worth it, I really wish it was.A group of 9 of us came in for a late dinner while in town for Mardi Gras weekend. We were walking around trying to find a place to eat, and the majority decided to dine here. The waiter told us they have a special menu just for Mardi Gras weekend. 
I wasn't that hungry, and didn't really know this was a steak and lobster house. I opted for the chicken fettucini alfredo. The alfredo sauce was bland, and the chicken was dry. Olive Garden makes a better dish. I guess it was a good thing I wasn't hungry because I just couldn't finish it, and had to give it to my friend. The other people that ordered steaks and lobster seemed to enjoy their food- I wish I had ordered a lobster instead. 
The waiter was definitely not on top of things. My friend wanted her water refill, and then I think he forgot. Then he came back with a pitcher of tea instead. He kept coming back with a pitcher of tea 4 times- ridiculous. Finally, he came back with a pitcher of water, but the water was murky- no one was going to drink that.  It was 18% gratuity automatically charged to the bill, and this guy definitely didn't deserve it.We ate there in July 2005 for our anniversary (I know, I know...this review is a little late) but at the time, I had the best ribeye ever.As someone who is not a fan of seafood, I was skeptical when my husband chose this as his dinner selection for our last night in NOLA.  I was between the crab cakes and jambalaya risotto and chose the crab cake.  It was probably the best crab cake I've ever eaten.  My husband had the red fish and that was terrific as well.  Would come back the next time in town.Ok so I called to make a reservation for 8:30 on a Friday night, the guy on the phone told me that there were no more reservations for that time , but told me to stop by in 20 min that he could fit me in, so we did. When we got there , there were only two table available . 
The food was very good , and the service is "New Orleans"with a lot of " ok darlin" and "sweetie" 
Try the stuffed Cajun steak !
My wife had the red fish also very good 
The drinks were normal but a little pricey but come on man. You are in freaking New Orleans! 
Good food and great drinksFood and the wait service was excellent.  Nice atmosphere in the restaurant , the restrooms could use some freshening up.  I will definitely return to this place when I'm in town.Atchafalaya omelette was the best omelette we've ever had!! NO style BBQ shrimp and grits are awesome!!I got the prime rib and asparagus. The prime rib was smothered in a strong creole/Cajun seasoning which was disappointing. The flavor was not good. The asparagus was soft and not great.My favorite item at Star Steak and Lobster is the BBQ Shrimp, it is the most delicious shrimp I have ever tasted. I go there just for the shrimp but have tried alot different things and like the crab cakes and steak as well and they are very yummy. The owner and the people that work there have really great attitudes and they are a pleasure to be around. You can tell they enjoy what they do and have fun doing it.Food was okay. Free appetizer from inn. Small cozy and a jazz musician  typical New OrleansQuaint little place with live music.  My rib eye steak with Cajun seasoning was phenomenal and my wife's lobster tails with sautéed spinach was very good.  Their fresh bread with a parmesan cheese sprinkling was very tasty. I would definitely recommend this for a dinnerA very affordable, and delicious meal.
The service was probably among the best that I've had. The prime rib was melt in your mouth.
I would like to keep this place my little secret, but, that just wouldn't be fair to the folks at The Star.
Do yourself a favor and try it, you will not be disappointed.Awesome intimate spot in New Orleans! The bartender Kevin made me an amazing Hurricane!We just adored thus place. Also, staying  at a quaint little hotel adjacent to it so it was also convenient. When my husband and I walked on (oh I got married a few weeks ago for those who follow my posts) in this gem, he had his mind set on crawfish étoffe . Unfortunately it was not on the menu. Lucky for us our eccentrically dressed waitress suggested she would ask the chef to pro are it especially for the other half. They elected to serve it over blackened catfish and boy was it a treat!!!! I had the shrimp po boy sandwich and it was nothing to write home about nor did he have some obscene portion size but it was certainly tasty. Loved this place. Surprised this was my first time here. Thanks for reading and enjoy.The food was AWESOME! I had the special Catfish Atchafalaya, the rue was spicy and tasty, the French bread sopped it up nicely.  My husband got the fried seafood platter and it was huge, they aren't shy with their portions! As almost everyone said it takes a while to get seated, get your order in and for your food to get to the table so don't go super hungry, grab a seat at the bar and enjoy a StarTini YUM! Ask for Jamie to be your server, he is super nice, and attentive, apologetic for the kitchen slowness.  It is a Saturday night after all and they are doing several deals-groupon, restaurant.com and Yelp all at once and they are a very small restaurant (15-20 tables max). I will definitely be back on my next trip to NOLA.Loved it! Great location, staff treated us like family! Food....beyond delish! Thank you so much!This is a great little restaurant! My husband and I had dinner here on 11/29/14 while visiting New Orleans for a Thanksgiving Honeymoon Holiday. We had great service and an excellent meal. My husband had a NY strip with a crab cake and alligator sausage along with sauteed spinach. I had the lobster tails and steamed broccoli. Both meals were made just right. Our server and the server assistants were able to make great recommendations and were efficient. We ended up sitting with the owner (who got us two rounds of drinks) and another couple who was celebrating their 35th anniversary. It was a perfect and charming evening!I had a yelp deal so I checked this place out. It was ok, but I would not recommend it to a friend or go back. The staff was friendly, the live music was ok, the food was passable, but nothing stood out. I had the stuffed filet, and was not impressed with filet or the stuffing. I was also put off that I was charged an 18% gratuity without any notification (I dined alone). Fortunately I noticed as I was adding a tip to the bill, but I wonder how many others have double tipped without noticing.The best steak and seafood in New Orleans!  We eat out a lot!  I always read reviews to determine the spot.  Star Stead & Lobster House is possibly the best steakhouse I have ever been to!  Soups were churned with love and time.  Just enough cream to twist your taste buds into a frenzy.  Alligator (newbies) had us all craving more.  Steaks were aged like butter and aged to perfection.  I'm surprised we even used our knives.  Shrimp was fresh seasoned perfectly and not overcooked.  Crab cakes were enough to make you want the recipe.  Bread was soft, crispy and seasoned with fresh butter.  Creative drinks.  I can't say enough about this place.  It should get the highest honor.  Before I forget, the waiter, Jamie, gave the best service we have ever had down south.  He was attentive without being aggressive about our needs.  Intuitive about the meal and extremely polite.  I am extremely impressed.  Definitely a repeat visit is in order on our way back to another great New Orleans festival.Updating an earlier review this is one of the best Groupon deals in town. If you get the $25 for $50 deal you can enjoy a lobster dinner for two for tax and tip. The deal here on yelp will get you a nice steak dinner for $10. Other than that I don't recommend this place because the steaks are cheap and the lobsters are very small but when they are practically giving the food away you might as well take it.Stuffed mushrooms were awesome.  The reviews on the steak were ok and the place is a very N'awlins like atmosphere. Not bad overall.My Wife and I decided to go to New Orleans for my Thanksgiving leave...big mistake! Fortunately, it was not all bad. We found this restaurant which is not on the main strip but worth coming off the beaten path. In our five days in this less than musical town we dined here twice. The service both times was outstanding! The food was excellent as well.
      We stared with the crab cake both times, because that is my favorite.  I got the fried seafood platter both times with fries. All the seafoord was well fried and crispy, nothing was over cooked or over seasoned. It was a HUGE plate of food, but I managed to finish both times. 
     The first time my wife, Christina got the blackened ribeye. She ordered her steak rare because she likes it medium rare. Often restaurants cook their steaks a bit more than a true medium rare. If they get it right you could always refire it to the temperature you prefer but if it is over cooked you cannot "uncook" it. I've found in all the times she's done it she has always been correct, and this time did not exception. The steak came out a perfect medium rare. The second time Christina ordered the blackened red fish étouffée. It was excellent! The sauce was perfect. The fish was not drowneding in cream sauce but not too dry either. There was tons of crawfish. The smell was enough to take my eyes off my own plate and sneak my fork on to hers. She is a much better sharer than I am. 
      For dessert I ordered the creme brûlée cheese cake. Christina told me I was not going to like, but I didn't believe her so I ordered it anyway and I did not like it. The coffee,like every place in New Orleans was horrible. 
*Just as a side note: if you ever go to New Orleans DO NOT go to Cafe Du Monde! It was the worst and second (to P.J.'s, also in New Orleans, also horrible) most expensive coffee I have ever had the displeasure of tasting.Last minute breakfast idea, and I can't believe I actually ordered a catfish benedict.  It was good!  Service was great as well.  I would go back again.I am extremely upset and disappointed at the service I did not receive here. My husband and I have come here several times and as far as service and experience, it's either great or horrible. I wish I was exaggerating but I'm not. I either leave very satisfied or I leave regretting I went. However I continue to come here because I LOVE the food! I have even recommended this place a few times. This last experience was enough; I literally have been in the restaurant less than 10 minutes and I walked right back out . I was never greeted! I was constantly looked over by the bartender, and two waitresses. No smile, no greeting, they all literally looked past me like I wasn't standing there. This is lack of hospitality and also rude . I debated on asking the bartender,who mite I add was standing behind the bar next to me the entire time and never spoke to me, if I could speak to a manager but enough is enough. I am so tired of this restaurant and I am tired of talking to management about the inconsistency . Great food but they are always running out menu items or the service is horrible! Service can go either way! All in all, inconsistent service drove me away as a customer; and I will never recommend this place again.There's no reason to go here. BBQ shrimp is ok ...except they are over cooked and not peelable and thus not edible.  Then the entertainment cranked up...which is the Simpsons Mr Berns playing a flute,sax, and singing with some recorded backgroundcmusic. Berns raped Dock of the bay and Minnie the moocher before I could jump the hell out the door.
No reason to go unless you are deaf and love shrimp hide.Get the Groupon deal for this spot b/c they allow cocktails on it!!!
Excellent, friendly, attentive service & good food!
Your table gets an awesome 1/2 loaf of some of the best garlic bread I've had. That bread and the lobster bisque are rich & decadent. 
We also had the NY strip special which was well seasoned & grilled medium rate as we asked. It came with alligator sausage, crab cake, and asparagus. Nice big plate for $23. 
The cocktails are strong & the food was good. 
I didn't get dessert, because I was stuffed, but I hear the bread pudding is "to die for."Food was exquisite.   The gumbo, the filet with different toppings,  and the stuffed filet... All that with a delicious bread pudding. ... There is soft music playing but is a nice volume that allow u conversation.  Servers take care of business with a smile.  Realy recomend this place.We both had filets that were cooked perfectly.  There's a wait, but nothing a bottle of wine couldn't help.  Delicious off-Bourbon steaks!My family and I ate here last night. This was one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. We were in NO for the night and decided to try this place. We sat down and the waitress came up and took our order. She said right off the bat we are out of lobster tails. I said ok and figured I would just order a whole lobster with my NY strip and give the tail to my wife. No big deal. My wife ordered the filet and my daughter also got the NY strip. Our food came out and my wife got a filet. My daughter and I received rib eyes. I told the waitress that we got ribeyes and she said that was because they were out of NY strips. They didn't even ask us. We do not like ribeyes. We wanted to get up and walk out but we ate what we could and paid out $118 bill before tip. I don't know how this place is still open.Was enticed in by a lovely gentleman just outside the restaurant.  He offered us a free appetizer and we decided to pop in.  My husband ordered prime rib which was cooked to perfection.  Steaks were tender and flavorful.  As was my ribeye steak.  The service was efficient and friendly.  The decor is beautiful.   The bathroom is immaculate.   Penny the waitress was friendly and served our every need.  This would have been a 5 star review if we were not disappointed at the end of our meal when we found out that their credit card machine is broken.  Nobody told us when we walked in.  Thank goodness we had enough cash on us.This was my third visit to Drago's auxiliary location at the Hilton Riverwalk. The famous roasted oysters were such a disappointment. On my first visit, they were plump, carefully seasoned with garlic butter, Parmesan Romano cheese served a side of baguette. This time, they were overcooked, flat lifeless blobs on a plate of sloppy, greasy burned garlic slop with a stale, slab of bread that torn up the roof of my mouth. Obviously reheated and pushed through the line.  On my next trip, I'll seek out another locale for this local delicacy. The shrimp and corn chowder was mediocre with the taste of an institutional cream soup. Nothing to write home about or order again.
Such a shame that this has deteriorated to a fast food like local outpost.Had a wonderful Friday night date night with my husband and parents. Star Joey, and Kevin our waiter gave us the best service! Salads were excellent, but the gumbo just ok. Steaks were perfectly cooked and the whole Maine Lobster was a great special! We will definitely go back ! Going to the Quarter for us locals, it's such a pain to park, we forget about some really great French Quarter spots. This is just a quaint, hole in the wall spot! For the price, we will definitely go back.I had a groupon for this place so I decided to try it while visiting NOLA. They don't have any options for vegetarians, however a member of my group said the tuna was outstanding. The staff aren't very friendly, but they got the job done. They're a bit slow too. I would probably not go back, but the experience wasn't that bad at all.Saw a sign out front, said jambalaya lunch special which sounded perfect. Went in and sat at bar, turned out jambalaya was not cooked fully yet...bummed. Went with a burger which I was pleasantly surprised was delicious. Bartender was very sweet didn't get her name, but would go back, food is great.The food was good. Steak perfect. Bread was blah. Mashed taters were meh. Service was ok. She forgot my drink and i reminded her when i got my food. She was busy it seemed, but only had 4 tables. Im in the industry... Its not a lot.  She was nice... It wasnt the greatest experience but it wasnt horrible like other places here.Being pregnant, I was craving broccoli and mashed potatoes, so we chose this place based on the availability of both. We were pleasantly surprised by the deliciousness of everything we ordered. The gumbo was the best I've had, the gator bites with remoulade sauce were delicious. My husbands ribeye was cooked perfectly as ordered (medium rare) and my redfish with crawfish mushroom sauce was tasty as well. The mashed potatoes were chunky with skins and were more than satisfying. They practically gave me a half a head of steamed broccoli. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. Would definitely go back and try everything on the menu of we lived local!Alright, so when they say steak and lobster, they mean it, everything else is deep fried and/or not fresh. How is that possible? 
Our waitress was nice and honest. I had questions about the menu and she answered all of them, honestly. I had to reselect 3 times after hearing her answers. I did not want breaded anything, but the shrimp was the only thing fresh after the lobster and the steak and it only came fried. 
I ordered the gumbo first, it was great, but with huge chunks of blue crab in it. Who in their right mind is going to eat a soup with a spoon and then dig in and tear about a crab with their bare hands??? Why was it in there? There could have been more soup instead I had the crab I wouldn't dare tear into. 
The food came out and I specifically asked for no catfish and just shrimp, oysters and clams. Well there were no clams either. Oh joy. 
So I had a huge plate of breaded shrimp and 4 oysters.  I was dissapointed, but there were so many shrimp that I wasn't THAT upset. 
My boyfriend had the filet mignon, he said it was great. I didn't try a piece I was now filled to the brim with shrimp. 
The one man band is a BAD IDEA. He does not heighten the experience. He is horrible, he plays the flute, and the piano, and sings in a few different octaves, badly! LOSE HIM!I took a date here on a Saturday night. It was the day of a big college football game in the Dome so parking in Quarter was even more atrocious than normal. The Star Steak & Lobster House is a small joint right near the touristy Canal side of the Quarter and boy it shows.
Now as a bit of backstory, when I was in highschool I worked with my grandfather on our cattle farm in Missouri. when I was leaving for New Orleans he told me that while they may be some of the best cooks there, if he remembers correctly they couldn't cook a steak to save their lives since there aren't much cattle farming opportunities on the swampland. 
Now, years later, his words ring truer than ever. While the service was acceptable, the food was sub-par, especially for the high price. The SS&LH is more of a gross parody of New Orleans food than an actual restaurant. The reason I frequented the joint was a deal I got through Groupon, so at least I had an excuse; I'm not sure about the other 4 people who were at the other tables.
The atmosphere was dingy, the live musician was a mediocre flutist playing over some backing tracks, the whole thing was New Orleans gone wrong. For one, I am pretty sure my side of sauteed mushrooms were microwaved before they brought them out. Correct me if I am wrong, but I am pretty sure after a light treatment of butter in a frying pan it isn't proper to place the mushrooms in a bowl or water. I may have been born at night, but it wasn't last night; these mushrooms were nuked.
The drink prices were ridiculous as well. $4.50 for Turbodog??? I can pick up a 6-pack at Win-Dixie for seven dollars after their markup. I know the quarter is expensive, but this may be criminal.
To be frank, there is no reason to come to this restaurant, and tourists and locals alike should stay away. If you are really jonesing for a steak, just go to Applebee's. You will get better food, or at least comparable, for cheaper, plus you don't have to park in the quarter. You are in New Orleans, there is no excuse to go to an overpriced mediocre restaurant.We first visited the "Star Steak and Lobster" back in March of 2015. It's one of those hole-in-the-wall places that you can find all over New Orleans. Back then, we were pleasantly surprised by the reasonable prices, good live music, and friendly, efficient service. My wife enjoys lobster, and the appeal of a place where it's reasonably priced, and not overwhelming in amount of food was high.
So, last month, we thought we'd pay another visit. Interestingly, the name had changed, but we were told, upon seating, that the ownership was the same. 
 It was early in the evening, and the place was only about  full. We were disappointed that there was no live music. Our waitress was pleasant and friendly, but rather inefficient when it came to getting our drinks in a timely manner. My wife ordered the single lobster tail with baked potato and a side of veggie, while I had the strip steak - I ordered it to be cooked medium.
I don't eat lobster, so I can't comment on her meal, so I'll just talk about mine. The best thing about the steak was that it was, indeed, cooked medium. It was a rather thin cut of meat and rather flavorless. I've had better at Ponderosa or any steak chain of that sort. The "loaded" baked potato had cheese, bacon and chives on it, along with a healthy dollop of butter. Unfortunately, it was tepid...to the point that the butter hardly melted when I put it on. Likewise, the steak was barely warm. As a veggie, we had some tough, undercooked asparagus.
It's sad to see a place which, a few years ago, would have found a nice niche clientele - informal, relatively inexpensive food in a great location, deteriorate to a sub-par restaurant.
We won't be returning.We stopping in here on a whim for breakfast and it was very good. Everything was freshly made and delicious. Everyone in our party enjoyed their meals. Very good breakfast.The food was out of this world.  True pride in what they make.  Not sure why this is 3 stars.  Everyone was super nice and accommodating.  Fact is we came back for dinner after lunch.  We will keep coming back.  Hmmm if the ratings are low the crowds will stay away.UPDATE:  Ate here for daughters graduation...  When I made reservations,  didn't pick up on name change.   Big mistake!   Food bad,  service bad.   Oh well,  was a good find,  not now under new ownership.  
-----------------
Original review:
Don't let the name scare you.  A great find amongst all the other restaurants in NOLa.  Not crowded, great service and amazing food.
Easy to get in on a busy convention week in NOLa.  Definitely will be back on many trips to NOLa.Service was great. Donna was our waitress. She was very nice. The food was good. The live entertainment was great. The man sang and played multiple instruments.This place did not get off to a great start with me, as within two minutes of being seated, three of us had water drip on us from the ceiling.  After we switched tables though, all was mostly well.  The menu is pretty much straight up lobster and steak, with a few fish dishes.  I have to admit, I was pretty excited by the fact that you can add a lobster tail to any entree for an additional $9.  I love me some lobster.
I ended up getting the surf and turf, which came with an 8oz, perfectly cooked filet mignon, a lobster tail, and four large fried shrimp.  While I'm usually meh towards fried shrimp, the batter was deliciously spicy and the shrimp was cooked extremely well, that I really enjoyed it.  This also came with a salad with a tasty house Italian dressing, and a loaded baked potato with all the fixins.  The whole surf and turf meal comes in at about $35, but with the amount of food that you get, it's more than worth it.
It also helps that this place accepts restaurant.com gift certificates, which saved us all a little bit of cash.  Well worth it if you can plan that far ahead!We had a really nice meal there on our honeymoon. It was dirty linen night as well as the day of the red dress run, so everywhere was packed.  Though the restaurant is small, we only had to wait a few minutes. We sat at the bar, the bartender was great, recommended some great drinks. I got the blackened rib eye steak, which was awesome and not too salty. My wife had the shrimp and crab cake and fettuccine alfredo. Unfortunately they were out of crab cakes, however they offered to substitute chicken in its place and it ended up being delicious. Overall, we had a nice meal and would definitely go back again.We had a great dinner tonight!
Penny was our waitress. She was great as well as our bartender.  Everyone was accommodating! We had a group of 8. We were seated immediately. The atmosphere is  very cool & you feel like you have found a hidden gem in the quarter!Was here last night. 
I was nervous b/c we were hungry and saw this place and sat down. While killing time, I looked up yelp reviews on phone. Saw the extreme aversion and then the extreme love and I knew it'd be a crapshoot. 
Bread wasn't the best I've ever had. 
Water tasted weird.
Steak seemed...tough. I ordered medium rare and they gave me medium. Had to put salt and pepper to salvage it. Got tired of chewing 80% of the way and gave rest to male friend. 
Loaded potatoes were good though.
Asparagus were like 6 puny asparagus for like 7 bucks. Bummed. 
Had the cheesecake. That was disappointing too. 
I don't know. I wasn't a fan. I initially wanted the Porterhouse. They said they were out. It was 8:08 pm on a Friday evening. Seriously? You're out? It's not even that busy. 
Our server may have something to do with it too. No utensils on table for 45 minutes. No drink refills. He didn't know the difference between Irish coffee and Bailey's coffee. Just seemed really overwhelmed and it made us uncomfortable. 
Oh and there's a dude who is a one man band thing. Awful. Just awful. I was getting a headache from all the noise production. 
I should have gone somewhere else.I was in town for pleasure mixed with a little business. I invited my client here. I had the filet mignon and he ribeye and alfredo. All was very good. He actually stated that might have been the best steak he'd ever had. Our waitress, Vanessa was very good and personable. The host was very nice. The chef checked on our satisfaction twice. I would definitely go back here. Great food and staff! Thx for a memorable time.We had breakfast here while we were in town for a convention.  What we learned is if there isn't a line on the sidewalk, you should skip it.  
It happens.They without a doubt have the best BBQ shrimp in the french quarters . They are absolutely fantabulous.....Get the lobster bisque. Yum! 2 lobster tails at a very reasonable price. Steak was good too. Would go back.I am giving this place 5 stars because I think it's currently under rated.  had the blackened rib-eye and the lobster bisque.  both were incredible.  my wife had the garlic filet.  I loved that also.  we ordered both steaks rare and they were cooked to perfection ( something that  almost never happens when ordering rare.).  service and atmosphere were also greatWe were lured in here by the nicest man who was outside waving the menu around. It was nearing the end of lunch and he sat us while explaining how much more expensive it gets for dinner. We almost didn't make it to order since the server took a bit to greet us. We ordered a sauteed shrimp salad and a shrimp poboy. 
We were one of 2 parties at the restaurant and our food took almost 30 minutes to arrive. I know that shrimp (which were tiny) take about 5 minutes to be sauteed and/or fried. Source: Ive worked at plenty seafood restaurants. Even if its not 5 minutes, definitely not 30. When the food arrived, the poboy shrimp had clearly not been deveined and the sauteed shrimp were tiny and flavorless. The server didn't check on us at all during that time and avoided my angry eye contact. Also, the croutons looked like the kind you get in a bag at kroger.
Since this is a Steak and Lobster House, I would suggest ordering that and not going for lunch. Terrible experience and waste of a meal in New Orleans. You can have something better for lunch for sure.Never again!!! Not even with a Groupon would I go back. My boyfriend and I were both starving when we went, that is the ONLY reason I did not walk out and leave my meal.  I ordered the "slow roasted" Prime Rib, which came out cold. It was not even warm through and through. He had the Porter House steak which was thin. The only thing that was OK was the creamed spinach, kinda hard to mess that up.
Can not complain about the service, it was fine. The place had a dirty smell to it and water spots on the ceiling. Our bill was 90, including tip. We had no appetizers, only one drink each. We checked out the lobster tank on the way out and they looked like crawfish on steroids. 
Not even a Groupon would get me to go back. :((Really friendly staff and great food. Definitely a nice little hole in the wall with a cool old school feel, like it's been there for 100 years (probably has).So far so enjoyable! Came here with a coupon deal, and got so much more! The place is adorable New Orleans! Of course we met up with Star Joey, who was so ever lovin cute! I got a check in offer for buy one drink at the bar get one free. Two tequila shots and one old fashioned only $12.... Unreal!
I tried some of my mom's appetizer of tomato and mozzarella. Nothing to scream about. For dinner I went all out. Combo of filet/lobster tail/fried shrimp/loaded baked potato. Filet was great, medium well, tender. The lobster tail was a little tough and chewy, typical lobster. Fried shrimp was delish! Loved the batter. Loaded potato was average, however, this was more food than I've eaten in a long time! Tried a bite of my rents desserts. The bread pudding was oh so yum, and the chocolate mousse cake was very rich and chocolately. 
The atmosphere was adorable, space right but quite homey. There was also live music. Would definitely recommend it and would come back again.Well, this is a pricey french 1/4 restaurant. I think the only spectacular item we had was the lobster bisque which was $6 a cup. but it was good.
the seafood dishes were middle of the road. the redfish was fishy tasting(I guess its supposed to be that way) and nothing special about the lobster tails, though they seemed a bit cold, like the baked potato I had to send back because it was cold! the creamed spinach was watery! gross. the pecan pie was most likely a food service frozen pie of sorts, better to save one's calories for something worthwhile. 
I think its one of those french 1/4 places with the charge a lot for anything attitude, as there is always another tourist coming!I went the day after Christmas. The place was clean  (its old people!). The waitress was very nice. The early bird special for $17.95 provided several 3 course meal options. I had a salad, broiled redfish with a creole sauce, étouffée , rice and bread pudding for $17.95. The table even came with free garlic bread. My kids had the New Orleans sampler with their deal. Where can you get all that for that price in New Orleans!  Food was good, $5 drink special were strong and our belly's were full! Go before 6:45pm.Things started good then went down hill fast. The BBQ shrimp were great. But then it took over an hour for entree to arrive. My 8 ounce Steak was easily the worst I've ever eaten. It upsets me how bad the food was and how much I had to pay for it. Even the coffee was horrid. But the service was okay.Came in for the "cocktails to go" and ended up staying for food, more drinks, and the live music! The bartender was super friendly and even brought us samples of some items she recommended. Try the bbq shrimp and ask for extra bread! The sauce is unlike anything else. We ordered the Taste of New Orleans and gator bites.This is no Drago's, but by all means the food is **Superb**! I loooove the Jazz music on Friday and the staff is very pleasant! xoxoFood was good I was disappointed that the crab cakes are not fresh.  Cute place nice staff.My girlfriend and I were looking for new places to eat around the New Orleans area and found this place online and decided since it was my birthday to invite a couple of friends to come along too. 
The environment is very relaxing and subtle. The service was a little slow but that might have been because we had a group of 8. But what they lacked in service, they made up for it in the quality of their food!
Pretty much all the food was excellent with the exception of the Crab Bisque, which was just like a runny soup... Would not recommend it. 
Here's a list of the appetizers we ordered. (All which were excellent!)
-Alligator Sausage 
-Stuffed mushrooms
-BBQ Shrimp
-Louisiana Crab Cakes
-Seared Tuna
I ordered the Louisiana Stuffed Filet and my girlfriend ordered the fried seafood platter. The Filet was cooked perfectly(medium rare) and was excellent! The seafood platter was also good and did not taste very oily at all for being fried. 
We will be coming back again!All together this place is a gem. You could definitely find better all around food elsewhere in New Orleans, but the ambience, character and value make for a good night out. It's an old school, perhaps even divey, steak and cocktail bar with attentive, non-pretentious service. Solid to excellent food. Pecan pie was outstanding. The entertainment the night we visited played jazz, Elvis and gospel switching between his sax, piano and flute and giving commentary on his take on music history.Great place for a steak. Period. Regardless if we are in New Orleans or Austin or San Antonio. Food is always great and I recommend it definitely.This is my kind of joint. The ambiance is old timey. The staff was friendly. The drinks were stiff. The food was so-so, but everything else made up for that. I had a fresh lobster and my bf had a ribeye. The ribeye was a bit over-seasoned. The baked potatoes were tasty.I have never had more rude service and the food was sub par at best. Do not eat here. Not worth the money and definitely not worth your time. Literally never had such awful service in my life. You'd be better off spending your money at McDs. Guarantee the food is better than this crap and for sure the people taking your order would be nicerJust a really great dinning experience from the food to the service, and even better because it's away from the Bourbon St craziness and "real."  
My most recent visit to Nola & Star Steak & Lobster was during Super Bowl week.  Was out most of the day and craving a nice sit-down casual dinner as a calming end of the day meal.  Had an amazing lobster dinner, great attentive service that perfectly hit the spot.  I'd eaten at the restaurant in 2011 when visiting and everything was similarly enjoyable.
In particular, kudos to my server (I cant remember his name but I believe he's been there awhile as he looked familiar from 2011).  Also as I called the restaurant at 920ish to ask if they were still serving (closes at 10 on a weekday and I didnt want to be one of "those" guests who shows up before closing and delays the restaurant closing or the staff getting to leave for the day).   The person at the other end was most gracious and said to absolutely come on down (I said I could be there in 10 mins).
Thanks for a wonderful dining experience all the way around.Never Had a Steak so Good .  I could drive 3hrs again just to have another one that good..
We had the best service ever.. We enjoyed and would go back everyday if it wasn't 3hrs away!Great spot for locals and tourist. Food was phenomenal and service was great. Try the Tuna appIncredible and addictive Lobster Bisque and Bread, but the steak was a little overcookedThis was a very nice small quite restaurant. Arriving with only one other guest filled up quick with only a few tables left. The menu has nice choices, the prices were great, service from my waiter was excellent and I enjoyed the food tremendously!We bought the Groupon and weren't sure what to expect because of the 3 star rating on Yelp. 
The customer service was excellent Penny was pleasant and quick on refilling my water. 
The food (filet and whipped potatoes and blackened ribeye) were awesome.  I didn't need the sauce I ordered because my filet was so flavorful.  
I would highly recommend this place.  It is very well priced.