Stayed next door at the Quarter House and we needed a quick bite to eat before our swamp tour so we stopped in here and I had no idea what to order but Frank suggested a New Orleans classic sandwhich called a mufaletta. It was different than I was used to and it was amazing! Sad to hear that this place closed down :(Good red beans, muffalata and service. This is a bar, not a restaurant. Limited menu with New Orleans classics. Good lunch spot. Not the cleanest place you have ever been.I ate here maybe 5 times over the week I was in NOLA. Place has alot of charm, the staff is great and the gumbo and muffaletta sandwiches were both awesome. 
Menu is very small, but when you have competition out the a then better to do a few things well then a bunch of stuff mediocre. I find myself longing daily for a bowl of gumbo and look forward to the next trip down there.
Cash only is my big complaint and even that isn't enough to take away my 5 star.Fantastic.  Don't let the grungy bar atmosphere fool you - it's the best meal you'll have in NoLa.  Try the muffuletta...i love the atmosphere here! dive bar with good ol' cajun food! some people in my party were a little grossed out by the dust hanging on the stuff on the roof...but i dont mind thatUnclear why so many yelpers have given so many stars, unless its people just arriving in town or those who've been drinking a lot in the quarter ad aren't tasting much anymore.
Place is fine and the people were nice, but food is nothing special for NOLA. More reasonable prices than right on Bourbon, but you can do better.We were wandering back to the quarter from the Riverwalk we passed by this place and decided to go in based on their "sandwich" menu outside the door. As soon as we walked in we realized that it was more of a bar than a restaurant but it wasn't busy and it was warm, so we went for it. The bartender informed us that the menu was on the wall behind us, which didn't contain any of the options from outside, and we were skeptical. But, there was some nice Dean Martin playing and a friendly looking older man (pictured) serving so we decided to stick it out and ordered 2 of their 3 items to share, a muffuletta and gumbo. We also ordered 2 types of Abita beer. Let me tell you, there was not a drop of beer, a crumb of sandwich or lick of gumbo left on our table. Everything was amazingly delicious and I have to say, we were in New Orleans for almost a week and this was the best food we had. Wonderful!Lies. Lies. And more lies.  On vacation (8/15-8/21) a friend and I couldn't find anywhere to eat and used Yelp to help us  locate this dive bar on Charters. This was probably the worst mistake, though. The bartender was clueless. He barely knew what was on the menu and did not even know the price of well drinks and beer. That should have been a sign but we deiced to try the food anyway. The gumbo was insipid. The red beans and rice were disgusting, too. 
Do yourself a favor and don't order any food in this bar. Besides the authentic dive bar ambiance this place isn't worth it.Great hole in the wall put place with fantastic local food, but the place was just too dirty. Even for New Orleans.RED BEANS AND RICE! THE BEST IN NEW ORLEANS! And trust me...I tried them all. We went here on our first day in New Orleans and every restaurant we went to after that couldn't compare. My husband had the gumbo and said it was super delicious, and hes a gumbo connoisseur. If your looking for a fancy place this isn't it, but its perfect if you just want a beer and delicious grub on the cheap. Best money we spent in New Orleans! Cant wait to go back to Evelyn's.I am so sad to hear that Frank died and that Evelyn's place is closed.   it was an amazing place, and he and Sandy were in my opinion national treasures.   He will be missed and I hope Sandy lands at a good place to work.This place wasn't all that hard to find, considering it was right outside the hotel... but was by far one of our best stops.
On the initial pass it does look like a scary... but it's not.  I dont know for sure, but I would gamble this place is more of  'local' interest than the tourist crowd... a good thing in my book.  The menu is small but contains homemade local fare.
We had the pleasure of meeting Sandy who worked behind the bar and had made the gumbo fresh a few hours earlier. We had the gumbo and the muffaletta - both were excellent.  We finished the meal with Sandy's take on a hurricane - very tasty and better than the run of the mill Bourbon Street blend.
Definitely stop in!I went to Evelyn's back in late December while I was in New Orleans to celebrate NYE. We were hungry, drunk and in need of lunch. The muffalettas were good and the gumbo was too. The red beans and rice were absolutely terrible. This review isn't so much about the food but about the smelllllll. Maybe because it had been raining earlier in the day or something but the place smelled like...sewage. My boyfriend and I sat through the meal without mentioning it or complaining and it wasn't until a few days later that we both confessed to the stench within the restaurant. Neither of us had wanted to bring it up, but to this day we can't talk about Evelyn's without almost gagging. I really wanted to like it because it seemed like such a cute place, but the smell was just terrible. Frank was cute so I feel bad.This was a very disappointing experience. The food was nasty; think watered down bad meat cat food. Decent beer.Thousands and thousands of people in the French quarter because of the final four and this place was completely empty. Once we got our bowl of Gumbo and muffelleta we knew it was a bad idea that we ordered food. There are too many great places nearby to waste your time hearA friend and I just randomly wandered into Evelyn's the other day in need of lunch before our flight home. What a happy accident that turned out to be.
We wandered in as the only customers in the place. Frank greeted us right away and showed us to the menu. He is pretty much awesome. 
We both ordered red beans and rice. They were delicious, and so was the French bread that came with it. 
The only downside was that my soda was flat, but I didn't have the heart to say anything because Frank and the bartender were so friendly. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in NOLA.Simply the WORST food I have ever tasted...I ordered the gumbo, tasted like it came from CVS soup asile. Chicken was so over cooked it was actually powder. Friend ordered the roast beef sandwich, has 2 thin slicesof beef.. Best part of the meal was the pickles from his sandwich.I stopped in here for a few drinks, didn't order any food and discovered a very old UK banner hanging from the rafters. So I was endeared to this place right from the start. The staff was friendly and the service was good but it should have been. There were only a handful of other patrons and there wasn't much for the bartender to do besides take care of the only two people sitting at the bar. 
It was stuffy in here. The bars on either side of this place had the doors closed and the AC running. Not Evelyn's. The front door was open and there was no air circulating inside. I'm used to the desert so I didn't mind but other would-be customers walked in and then right back out. I can't be sure, but I'm guessing it was the heat. So after I ordered my second draft I headed to the ladies room. Let me just say YUCK! I've been in cleaner port-a-pots. 
The draft was cold and the conversation was nice but I have definitely experienced better.Went here in December 2011 because we got in late and it was close to the hotel and served food.  The beer was cold, the food was mediocre and the smell of the dead rat caught somewhere in the wall was overwhelming.  Wouldn't let my dog eat here. Glad the place is now closed.Come here for the stories, music from the bygone era and the ambiance...not the food.  
There are plenty stuff on the walls and ceiling to keep you entertained - try counting the many dollar bills, or the lingerie, caps, name tags...
No beer on draft, bottles only...gumbo was ok, corned beef was a bit too tangy, too much vinegar or ?Ya just gotta visit Evelyn's.
The gumbo is outstanding and priced right, and plenty of it.
Evelyn's has a no sugar added Hurricane that is superb. Hold that thought, because it's popular and a BFD with locals. Low calorie, but will knock you on your AZZ!
Our bartender Frank was President Roosevelts driver in World War two and he has some excellent salty stories and a sharp, clever wit if you like that kinda stuff.
We tried to buy a round for the bar and Frank told me:
" Nahhh, not now,,,. Everyone is drinking Makers Mark. Wait 30 minutes,  it'll be students drinking Happy Hour Drafts."
How cool was that?!!
Friendly mix of customers from the wealthy to broke students and genuine, authentic, cute and sweet-as-sugar employees with a pure NOLA character and charm.
Yeah it's a dive, not contrived, the real deal.The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I didn't actually eat here. We wandered in for a quick beer before heading elsewhere for dinner, but I am SO glad we did.
The ice-cold Abita was fine, but it's The Old Bastard, Frank, who makes this place worth the trip. He will happily talk your ear off about the old times and his experiences as a restauranteur back in the day, a music producer, a navy man. How much of it is true? Who cares? You'd pay $12 for a less entertaining movie at the local Gigoplex. 
He's a doll--and he's old, so I'm telling you, don't wait. Go to Evelyn's and talk with Frank before he, too, like his common-law wife whose name graces the place, is gone!Even though we haven't been to New Orleans since January, I still look fondly back on our time at Evelyn's. Walking down Chartres St. we passed a likely-looking dive bar/restaurant... that was Evelyn's. Poking our heads in confirmed it's diveyness and provided our first encounter with Frank the (gotta be 80 if he's a day) bartender. To say he is a character is an understatement. He invited us in. We had to be somewhere but vowed to return...
...and we did.
Evelyn's decor is the result of being in business for a very long time. Tacked on the wall behind the bar is currency from around the world. We asked Frank about that. He filled us full of bullshit and poured us a drink. Over the next 4 hours, he continued to fill our ears with bullshit and fill our glasses with booze. Frank had a million stories. Of course he'd told them a million times. No matter. Of course maybe they were all bullshit. No matter. He'd tell them again. His stories might even have been the honest truth. All we knew was he was as engaging and entertaining as hell. He even played one of his favorite tunes on the jukebox. Another couple walked in and ordered red beans and rice. They said they'd eaten at Evelyn's almost every day since moving to New Orleans. Filling, tasty food for cheap. We'd already eaten but vowed to return for a plate de jour. (Unfortunately... we didn't)
We asked Frank about Evelyn... whom he unceremoniously referred to as "the bitch." After some gentlemanly hemming and hawing, he reluctantly admitted (probably more bullshit) that she was in jail. According to his story, she had gotten home blind drunk around 3am and found herself locked out of her rooms. She called out to a neighbor to let her in. The neighbor took exception to her yelling in the wee hours and let her know it. That's when she pulled a gun a fired off a couple of rounds. She was cooling her heels in jail for the next couple of days for discharging a firearm within the city limits.
At least that's Frank's story and he's sticking to it. 
Want another drink?
How about a picture? 
Sure! Here, come around behind the bar.
He took one of us holding a couple of booze bottles.
I took one of him holding Victoria's ass! (Hey, at 81, you gotta get it where you can!)
Finally, after drinking for about 4 hours, we asked for the check. I offered a credit card. (Uh, let's see... two people drinking steady for 4 hours... easily 3-4 drinks each per hour and, say, $4 per drink... figured my bill was at least $100.)
Found out that Evelyn's doesn't take plastic. "That's OK." said Frank. "You can pay me tomorrow!" 
Let that sink in a moment. 
New Orleans. Tourist town. He's never seen us in his place before. He has no reason to believe that we'll ever return. He's either incredibly stupid or beatifically trusting. 
Frank's old school. He trusts a gentleman to settle his accounts. He knew we would be back. (...and we would.)
I asked how much the bill was. 
$20
TWENTY DOLLARS FOR TWO PEOPLE DRINKING FOR FOUR HOURS!!!!!!!
I had the cash... and enough for a generous tip.
I just found out that Feb. 7th, Evelyn died. I don't know what will become of Evelyn's Place on Chartres or what will become of Frank. I hope she made arrangements for him to keep the place open... but I just don't know.
NEW ORLEAN'S YELPERS: Can you let me know if Evelyn's is still open?
Raise a glass to Evelyn... even though I never met "the bitch." Raise a glass to Frank for keeping us entertained and never letting our glasses be empty for 4 hours on a cold January evening.
Four Stars!
1 for Frank
1 for Evelyn
1 for a stellar evening.
1 for trusting a stranger.
Sorry I can't award a 5th star. Hey.... it's a dive!
PS: Frank is in the film "Deja Vu"... and that's not bullshit.
UPDATE: 2-16-08: We watched a DVD of "Deja Vu" and didn't see Frank. Maybe it was bullshit!Based on Yelp reviews and nearby proximity... stopped by on Friday 4:30pm for a late afternoon lunch.  Nice place, was empty, but friendly welcome and I like the home feel.
I'm trying to be gluten-free - so the only thing that looked OK to eat was red beans and rice.  [[Note, this place is not officially gluten-free dish, I knew I was taking a little risk.]] However, the bartender told me that the chicken and sausage gumbo was made without rue ... making it gluten-free!  A bargain price of $7.95 for gumbo.  I liked it, a mild file style - a generous serving bowl!  I recommend you try it!
Paid $4 for a well Tequila drink.
Great bartender Christine provided great discussion and insight. She indicated to me that they are open typically until midnight or beyond and serve food up until close.Excellent gumbo. No credit cards, but that's OK. The owner (Frank) is an iconic figure in the French Quarter and always has a good story to tell. ***As a follow-up*** Frank has passed on. I will always remember his great sense of humor. RIP Frank.Just found out Frank passed away. A very nice man. Loved listening to his stories over a hot plate of food. I Was shocked to see it was replaced with a new spot called "Back Space Bar". Evelyn's Place was a friendly great place for as long as I been going to New Orleans, 25+ years. This was one of my first go to places whenever I landed in the Big Easy.  Sad to see Frank and Evelyn's Place gone. R.I.P. My friend.Evelyn's had great reviews compared to most places surrounding it.  I went there thinking it would be a hole in the wall with great food and was very underwhelmed.  The red beans & rice was cold when I got it and the meat tasted like it had been sitting out.  Nice people and decent prices, but I don't agree with the other good yelp reviews on the food.Um ... no.  This is not the hole-in-the-wall restaurant that you're looking for.  Prices are reasonably cheaper at $6.50-$8.50 plates.  Menu is extremely limited (gumbo, rice & beans, and a few sandwiches).  While a cozy restaurant with friendly staff, our group was absolutely disappointed with the food.  This is one instance for the 4-star rating and the promise of a cheap menu did not pan out as we hoped.  Specifically, the gumbo was watered down and lacked flavor.  The rice and beans were bland.  The corned beef was just salt.  With all the amazing food I experienced at New Orleans ... Evelyn's was the least impressive.  [Original Visit: November 11, 2011]Yelpers,  please note, this is not a restaurant, it is a premier dive bar at the entrance to the Quarter that happens to serve food sometimes. My friends and I for four years have made Evelyn's Place our go to meet up place...like when we split up getting  throws of beads on Bourbon or one of us wanders off to hear Big Willie...we agree to meet up at Evelyn's.  Yes, Frank will chew your ear off with crazy (and maybe) true stories of his life, the place  is dingy and hasn't really been cleaned since 1952...but it's perfect. The staff are eccentric and funny and low-key.
Once I put "Zorba the Greek" on the jukebox (yes) and me and all the bar patrons formed an immediate line dance.  Also, where else can you hear Nina Simone and Edith Piaf on the juke?  I am proud that my friends and I have a tee shirt hanging from the ceiling at Evelyn's.Just about the worst red beans and rice I've ever had.  It tasted rancid.  This place is old, I guess that's why people like it.  I'm so glad I didn't get sick.Found this place on yelp and it lived up to its great reviews!
I stopped by here our first full day in new orleans looking for lunch, this place is the embodiment of the local flavor here, a little old man was sitting on a stool at the entrance and asked if we'd like lunch, we said that yes in fact we would! :) 
I'd never had a muffaletta and didn't expect to like it, so we ordered gumbo as well. Every gumbo is different and this one didn't have seafood but it was AMAZING you could tell it was homemade for hours! Then the muffaletta came out, it was warm and melty and wow really good! and the red beans and rice rocked too!
so to sum up...
Muffaletta: YES try it!
Gumbo: unique and excellent!
service: wonderful!
menu: lacking selection but with those two things you don't need a lot of selection!!!The only thing I can think is that, given the location, previous reviewers were drunk. The gumbo was inedible. A thick layer of grease in a watery broth, yes broth. Clearly no attention to a roux. I asked for file to try to thicken and they did not have any. My husbands red beans and rice was barely edible. Disgusting. But the bartender was nice. Yuck.Really delicious food. The dive look is jut part of the charm. Both the chicken gumbo and red beans and rice have a very strong homemade taste. Nothing tastes like it's been canned, sped up or thickened to death. Your mom would probably make it the same way after she came back from NOLA and tried making the same recipe/s. Their corned beef is also a pleaser. Very lean yet very moist and certainly brined just right. One thing I noticed for most of the restaurants in NOLA, is that their "hero" bread is really good. Crunchy on the outside, fluffy in, and flavorful all over. Evelyn's is no exception. Even though the menu is limited, I would rate Evelyn's as one of the best you'll find in NOLA, if not anywhere. Simple, slow-cooked and tasty.seriously the best gumbo and red beans I have ever eaten and my 3 comrades agreed. The hospitality was the best I've ever had in new Orleans and everything was more than reasonably priced for the portion size. You would be silly not to visit here on your trip to nola! The music they play is absolutely perfect..... Old school jazz you just can't beat!Ate her twice during our trip. Hole in the wall place with a lot of history and character. The gumbo and muffuletta were both delicious.After reading the reviews on Yelp, I was really excited to try this place. We came on a rainy Monday night, and the place was completely empty. It's a small, narrow restaurant with the bar on one side, and seating on the right. The menu was on a wall and they had about 7 items written on the board. I knew I wanted gumbo so I didn't bother to read the other items.
The gumbo ($7.95) was so delicious! It was chicken and sausage gumbo, and more on the brothy side (perfect for a cold rainy night). Plenty of meat and veggies and perfectly spicy! The french bread was warm and a great combination with the gumbo.
Service was okay. Our waiter was nice, but pretty much ignored us after delivering our food. One of the guys at our table kept having to ask for more water (I guess the gumbo was too spicy for him).
If you're looking for gumbo in the French Quarter, definitely give this place a try!I happened upon Evelyn's Place way back in 2005 as I was strolling down Chartres. I am very, VERY glad I did.
I immediately called my (then) wife and had her come from the hotel and meet me for dinner.
We were the only patrons in the establishment for the duration of our meal, which was perfectly fine with me.
I recall having jambalaya that was amazing! I do not recall what my wife ate, but she was very pleased with the meal.
Evelyn's is truly my kind of place; a hole in the wall that only the right kind of people know about and bother to enter. From the outside it doesn't necessarily look like much, but those who know, know to go in.
I had a blog (long since gone) and I had a post about Evelyn's and how good it was. Shortly after the horrible hurricane I was contacted via my blog and asked if I knew of the status of Evelyn. Sadly I did not but I believe everything turned out ok.
I have not yet returned to Evelyn's, or even New Orleans. But if I do return to N.O., you can be sure I will visit Evelyn's place again!Decided to try this place after looking for a cheap lunch, with good reviews. We were not disappointed. This place is the definition of hole in the wall. Narrow and dark, the numerous banners and hats hanging from the ceiling are all covered in a dingy film that makes my college house look like a daycare.
That being said, the tables and dishes are clean, and the food is spot on. I had the muffaletta and my girlfriend ordered the gumbo. They asked us if we wanted to share, and brought out two bowls for the gumbo and split the sandwich in half, a nice touch! The muffaletta was fantastic, the gumbo tasty.
The real treat was the atmosphere. Frank, an older man who seems to run the joint was parading around in his Old Bastard chef hat, while some patron who wanted to be a bartender was pleading his case - which involved something about his "tits" that would only get bigger and better as he put on weight. Pretty entertaining.
Great, cheap food (7.95 each) and a guaranteed experience.What can I say that hasn't already been said?
For lunch, several members of my group really wanted muffalettas, so we went here. Frank showed us our table, explained to us our options, and laughed at us when we all ordered the same thing. Of course, I was the troublemaker that wanted a cup of gumbo *and* a cup of red beans and rice, which prompted him to walk up to the jukebox and turn on "Take This Job and Shove It." 
When my plate arrived, he told me that I'd better eat everything I ordered, and I so did. The gumbo was the best I had at any restaurant during my visit (and I tried three or four), and the sandwich and the red beans and rice were also killer. Everyone at the table agreed. 
The prices were extremely reasonable (cash only, though) and I loved the relaxed ambiance. I'll need to come back next time to try a few drinks (and have some more gumbo). 
Please check this place out if you're in New Orleans. You won't regret it.We last were at Evelyn's in early March. It is just steps away from our time-share at The Quartehouse so we have been in & out of Evelyn's for over 10 years. We had the pleasure of meeting and talking with Evelyn, the namesake, whose passing brought us to tears. Frank is still my favorite story-telling man. He's handsome & gracious. We have loved looking at all the photos Frank has to share and hearing the stories over & over.
The food is good. The descriptions of the decor and atmosphere have been spot on. We have introduced three other couples to Evelyn's over the past four years. They have all been delighted to meet Frank.
Frank will celebrate his 90th birthday late this month. If you've been to Evelyn's, send him a card. If you are going to NOLA any time soon, stop in for some good food and definitely to be entertained. Each year we reintroduce ourselves and by the end of a week of our daily stops for a beer in the afternoon, Frank remembers us. 
One of my favorite NOLA memories is of dancing with Frank to a Frank Sinatra tune. He is SMOOTH.This review is very out of date (May 2005) but I must leave a note on Evelyn's as it has burned probably the strongest memory in my mind from my first trip to NOLA.  
My galpal and I were semi-drunkenly headed toward our hotel on Camp Street on perhaps our second night in the city.  We'd walked past Evelyn's a few times at this point and it caught our eye as we are fans of  local hole-in-the-walls.  We popped in for a quick sandwich and stayed for hours!  Oh, it felt like home in an instant.  The decor is fabulous.  Dark & interesting.  The staff treated us as if they'd known us for years as did the rest of the patrons.  Before long we were laughing it up, smoking cigars with a few elderly gentlemen, playing our tunes & singing along with the jukebox.  When we finally remembered that we had actually came to Evelyn's to eat we were pleasantly surprised at how delicious and cheap the grub was!  I had a small red beans & rice & some sort of corned beef sandwich.  Now, I don't like bread so I ordered it without.  The man taking my order said, "you just want a plate of meat?"  That is both exactly what I wanted AND got; a huge, steaming plate of meat!  Excellent!  I don't know what finally drug us outta there but I wish I was still sittin' there today!  
During my trip to NOLA we ate at a lot of great places, some cheap, some fancy-like but Evelyn's still stands out as my favorite and most memorable dining & drinking experience.  I'm so glad Evelyn's survives to this day.  Go have fun & leave your pretensions at the door or better yet, at the airport before you leave for NOLA!I LOVE this place in Nola...everytime im there I love stumbling into this little hole in the wall...funny this is, I can never remember what street its one and once I go and then leave..I cant find it until the next nola visit...lolol..i know, strange. But the folks that work there are friendly and down to earth and the gumbo and red beans are dang delicious...headed to nola this aug (phew! will be hotter than a...) so I will have to rely on many many many cold drinks to keep me well...umm..cool. =0)This place is the epitome of a dive. Super casual (as in get your own silverware and bottles of hot sauce, wipe off your own table). The place has all the funkiness and laid back atmosphere you would expect in NO. The food is decent, certainly not gourmet or special in any way. We had breakfast. No real impressions one way or the other than service was slow, tables were dirty, and it was more like self service. The owner said he was missing help that day. But somehow I think that this is the type of place that something is always happening.ok the old guy who served us was worth coming here alone.  he regaled us with all kinds of stories and jokes and he put songs on the jukebox just for us as san franciscans.  even if the food were bad, but the food here is great.
this place doesn't have a huge menu, but i can attest that the gumbo and dirty rice are worth seeking this place out for.  even w/o the old gentlemen to be your host.I wanted a real New Orleans experience so I found Evelyn's on yelp and decided to try it out. Walking in was a bit daunting. It definitely had the locals only, dive-joint feel to it, and the lady working behind the bar was a little brash at first until she realized I was there for more than just a tourist bar hop drink-and-go. When she realized that I knew why I was there, for good food, she was really cool. The Gumbo was delicious and the staff was very generous and warm. It was an excellent start to a great night. I actually hope the staff keeps their initial hard exterior to ward off annoying touristsWhen I made plans to stop in New Orleans on the way from Orlando, FL to Phoenix, AZ, I wanted to find a restaurant like Evelyn's Place. I wanted authentic cajun dish in a dark (but friendly) atmosphere where I could feel comfortable, welcomed, and after the meal, satisfied.
Evelyn's Place did not disappoint in any of these aspects.
After stumbling around NOLA for a few hours in the morning, I was ready for a meal. I ALMOST settled on a nearby pizzeria, having not found something that met my difficult criteria. But then Evelyn's Place appeared -- or at least, that's what it seemed like. Almost like The Leaky Cauldron from Harry Potter. None of the Muggles could see it, only me. 
An elderly man stood at the entrance, and as I approached he grinned and welcomed me in, excited to show me the menu, which was a chalkboard on the wall. I went with a delicious gumbo dish, complete with fresh baked bread, and it was everything I thought it could be. 
The atmosphere was interesting, too. Every surface of Evelyn's Place had something to offer. The walls and rafters were covered with memories of patrons before me, years of clueless tourists and loyal regulars combined. I hope that one day I'll be able to return to Evelyn's to leave behind a memory of my own.Looking for an authentic Louisianna meal in the French Quarter we decided to try Evelyn's based on previous reviews.  
We were greeted by an (almost overly) friendly waitress who explained their small menu and took our order.  We got the gumbo and a muffaletta.
Frank himself brought over the bread and explained that it was made fresh that morning for the sole purpose of dunking in the gumbo.  And dunk we did.  Warm fresh bread and great gumbo.  Probably the best we tried on our visit to New Orleans.
Neither my hubs nor I were a fan of the muffaletta, but we aren't fans of olives to start with, and there were alot of olives.  I also found the sandwich to be very greasy (soaking into and dripping off the bun).
Overall, good homemade food from a surprising source.After passing by Evelyn's Place a few times, curiosity got the cat and we just had to try it - the place was too fantastically divey to have it not be an amazing experience.  What a great evening!  Although we didn't get a chance to meet the 89 year-old cook, Frank, I think there's a chance that I have a tiny crush on him anyways based on the scrumptious Muffeletta and Gumbo that we got to eat.  SO EFFING DEEE-lish!  The Bartender, Kismet, was super amazing and we happened in on the right night because it was her birthday!  The evening at Evelyn's took a spontaneous turn when a Jazz Funeral passed by on the street - Whoa!  Evelyn's totally captures the old style essence of New Orleans and I can't wait to go back!  I'll be dreaming about that Muffeletta for years to come :)I had my first muffaletta here and delicious red beans and rice.  Washed it down with a strawberry Abita.  YUM.  The staff here are really nice!  There is a very local feel to this pub and people are super friendly.Wow I was impressed with the gumbo.  Read the reviews here and decided to give it a try.  Good flavor, not too much rice and excellent texture made this dish a stand out.  A little more pork would have been nice and the beef was over cooked.  Not sure its the best in town, but I can't say its not.
My server was nice a friend.  However the place was too dark, my water didn't get refilled and when I sit down to eat I don't want a plastic cup.
One super plus was the cost.  Very reasonable in an area where they are unreasonable.
Overall id say 4.2.Evelyn's isn;t much on ambiance but the food and drink are very good.  I'll give the gumbo and the po boy's 4 stars!  We went there for both lunch and dinner and had a great time!Eat here.  Be happy.  Great gumbo, fresh bread, solid muffalettas, and a quirky but charming staff.  I hope the older gentleman is working when you're there, great stuff.   PBR and only PBR on tap, and it just fits perfectly.  Avoid the lines, love the food, eat at Evelyn's place.OK beer selection and good dive feel, but food is very limited and the wait staff/bartenders are obnoxious, even by New Orleans standards.It was completely empty on a Saturday evening but I was sick of the press of crowds, so it was a nice break.  Food was decent and tasty--the gumbo was basic but, after a few dashes of hot sauce, good and filling, and the muffaleta was very tasty.  High marks for the reduced-sugar hurricanes, which were not overbearingly sweet like many of their kind!  I'd go back for the drinks alone.Authenticity is the main seller. Food is ok, but great if you're on a budget.First place I stopped by as soon as I got out of the hotel, Was this delightful little place. It was dark and I was a bit worried that maybe It wasn't all cracked up to be and I may have made a mistake. I went in with a few friends and I am glad I did. 
Food was amazing, went well with the beer. It was a while ago so I can not tell you what I got since I visited in the summer of 2011. I remember we all shared our meals and I loved every bit of it. Get the Gumbo! 
Also don't know why everyone is talking about a foul smell? It must have been for that time if there was construction or plumbing problems. The place smelt fine to me during the time and I visited during the rainy season if that helps.I have to agree with some other Yelpers.. The food isn't all that great. The selection is minimal. The gumbo was a bit salty, and the Muffaletta was just ok. Didn't try the Red Beans and Rice, but was told it was the best dish ordered by our party. 
Frank is entertaining, and you'll have a hell of a time reading the dollar bills all over the walls. I had the Blue Lemonade(which wasn't blue), but it was very good.My secret dive bar. I love this dirty joint!After reading all of the positive reviews we decided to give Evelyn's a try.  We were so glad we did!  We shared the gumbo with fresh homemade bread and a Muffaletta.  I had never heard of a muffaletta, more less eaten one, and I loved it!  When we walked in an older man was sitting at a table watching TV and visiting with a younger man.  He got up and walked over to us and I asked him if he was Frank.  He replied, "Oh, I shot that old bastard years ago."  He was quite the character.  He said he had been there 57 years!  If I ever go back to New Orleans, and I hope I do, I will definately go back to Evelyn's!This is the first place my friend and I went on our trip to NOLA.   We read the great reviews and tried the gumbo.  Well these review lied.  This was the worst thing that ever happened to my mouth.  The water (yes I said water not soup or broth) had this awful sour after taste.  The chicken tasted sour, and the sausage was so old it was inedible.  
I'm giving it two stars because I love the people who work there.  They were so friendly and warming.   They were so nice in fact that we tried to eat the gumbo but couldn't force it down our throats.we are talking dive dive dive bar..but thats what made it so special..
great people, super friendly.
great find since its so easy to walk by- food was very good.Worst. Gumbo. Ever.
Some Yelpers owe me an apology :-)   I went there after consulting here, and found myself the only person in there on a Friday night (warning sign #1)... then, I only had three choices for food. I opted for the chicken gumbo, and it seriously tasted like boiled chicken.
And no, no credit cards. Because everyone carries so much cash when traveling in NOLA.We stumbled upon Evelyn's today in New Orleans and stopped in for some local fare as we love exploring non-tourist like establishments while on vacation. We met this character Frank and he was comical, however the food was absolutely horrendous. DISGUSTING and inedible. I don't understand all the positive reviews unless they are made up by the owner himself. We sent back our gumbo as it tasted sour and the red beans and rice smelled like lysol, and tasted even worse. 
DO NOT stop here! There are so many other wonderful places in NO...and this is not one of them.My husband and I returned last night from NOLA, one of our favorite places on the planet. As we look back on all the wonderful, I do mean WONDERFUL, food we ate over seven days, Evelyn's stands out as the accidental homerun find of the week. 
One of our favorite places for Muffaletta, Mena's Palace, was not serving NOLA'a signature sandwich on Sunday, our second day in town. We wandered across the street and were attracted to a dingy sign that said, among other things, Muffaletta. I looked inside at a rather dark and dank pub which was intriguing at first glance because of the ecclectic decor and dingy atmosphere. I said, "Let's try this place" to which my husband said, "Gee, I don't know". Truthfully, I didn't know either but something about the place pulled us in despite the fact that NO ONE was in there that we could see.
As we entered, somewhat sheepishly (you will too), we saw a man sitting in a very dark rear corner. He said something like "come on in". We asked if he made good gumbo or great gumbo and his reply was that it was terrible. At first, his sense of humor was difficult to interpret and somewhat off-putting, but as we got to know the "Old Bastard" and listen to his stories, we warmed to him completely.
We ordered the Muffaletta and a bowl of gumbo to share. It came with red beans and rice and was more than enough food for the two of us. The bill was under $18.00. By the end of the week, we had eaten at all the hot spots including Commander's Palace ($160.00 for the two of us), but we swear the food at Evelyn's was better. You will too.
If you like fabulous service (5 star) and fabulous atmosphere (also 5 stars), go to Commander's. But, if you want truly delicious food served in a place you will never forget, go to Evelyn's. Go soon. The Old Bastard may not be around much longer.
Posted by Rosemary and Lani, Stratford, CT.
April 18, 2010
P.S. A special shout out to Christine, the adorable bar tender.