On my first day in New Orleans, I walked to Fair Grinds for a caffeine boost. It was a beautiful afternoon, and a handful of people were scattered around the shop and the outdoor seating area, working on laptops and visiting with friends. 
I ordered a small cold brew with vanilla, easy on the ice. I added a hunk of gluten free zucchini bread (the bread butt; the best part!) to my order and paid with a credit card. They have a fancy touchscreen register that lets you add tip to your card purchase. 
I topped off my drink with whole milk -- which in itself was a real treat. It's so rare to see whole milk at the mixing station! 
Before leaving, I asked what else they had in the way of a GF offering, and the young man behind the counter said "just the zucchini bread." That's a real bummer; the zucchini bread is great but I'd love to have more than one option. 
My drink was smooth and had a perfect flavor. I was happy with my choices. 
If I lived in the neighborhood, I'd be here all the time. I like the hipstery feeling of this place, and everything I've ordered has been delightful.After a bad storm temporarily shut down our new-to-us favorite coffee shop Pagoda, I decided to give this spot a try.  Won't be back.  Here's why...
Location:
Look, parking in town can be difficult.  That is no different here.  I found a spot nearby but I've talked to others that had to walk quite a ways to get here.  Just luck of the draw.  Beautiful gardens and homes to look at (duh) so just enjoy the stroll.  I'm not applying this towards my overall scoring but I'm noting it so you know that I know that you know what the deal-i-o is.
Atmosphere:
Dead silent.  Seriously.  So.  Freaking.  Quiet.  If you need to study then you've found a winner!  If you want coffee and a chat then you need to move it outside or to another spot.
When I walked in everyone looked and stared not because they cared about checking out my style or anything but because I made an actual loud noise and it startled them.
Not the largest coffee shop but seating inside for probably 30 at max capacity?  Chairs and tables not the comfiest nor the biggest. 
After I got my coffee from the huffy barista (more on that in the next section because I should really review the product & service I got) I chose a spot to read my new cookbook and just tried to enjoy the stillness.  That was great until the guy behind the counter started a very loud and very angry and very loooooong conversation with someone on his cell phone.  In a space that had up until that moment been as quiet as a church, his voice seemed like it was coming out of a loudspeaker.  Look, I'm nosy but I try to make it look like I'm not obviously nosy but it wouldn't have mattered here.  This guy really got into it and wouldn't have noticed if the roof fell in.  He certainly didn't notice the customers standing at the counter waiting long minutes for him to finish what was very obviously a VERY PERSONAL phone call.  After a few minutes I gave up pretending I wasn't watching and took in the show.  After ignoring the customers for a few minutes he finally ended his call, heaved numerous sighs and 'helped' them with the same care he'd given me.  Spoiler alert: it wasn't indifferent but rather seemingly downright rude.  I watched this play out with a steady stream of folks for the next 30 minutes or so and finally left because all of this was stressing me out a bit.  Not really relaxing, ya?
Service:
I asked for a large coffee and was trying to decide if I wanted medium, dark or chicory when it appeared in front of me.  If you don't know what you want in the first 2 seconds then they'll just make up your mind for you.  Okkkkkkk.  I watched this happened to a few of the customers after me too.  This guy wasn't really needing to be dealing with the public because there wasn't obviously other stuff going on that made it difficult for him to his job.  Everyone has a bad day but don't take it out out on the customer to the extreme.  I mean, you don't have to kiss my butt but don't be all huffy and DO NOT PICK MY COFFEE FOR ME WITHOUT ASKING.  Rude.
Coffee:
It was good.  Not great.  Not mind-blowing.  Good.  Not as hot as I prefer but more heat than tepid.  I ended up pouring about 1/4 out because I got some grounds in the finish.
I couldn't find spoons and after waiting a moment at the counter to ask (remember, my first time here) and being ignored I just used a straw.  I hate to drink fair-trade coffee that wasn't my choice poured by an angry barista and then throw away plastic when I don't have to.
Other:
I didn't eat so no word on that.
Bathrooms were clean enough.
Great restaurants nearby.
I really should give the spot 1 star but the cleanliness of the main room, the overall neighborhood area and the outdoor seating bumps it up a notch.  Just know your fair trade coffee can be served with a buttload of snark.You know, it's okay. It's a nice enough place with decent enough coffee. I went more than once during my trip.  If this is the best New Orleans has to offer however I am afraid to see what the other places look like. Inventive vegan and gluten free options on the shelf with the baked goods (that said - no need to cross the street for the vegan empanada - lots of black beans and not worth the risk).  Crowd is OK; lots of folks homesteading on their laptops as you might expect.I really like this place, and have had great talks with the owner.  One thing I've found is that the female baristas aren't very friendly to me, and I think I'm a pretty friendly guy.  Today (7/29/11) in particular was a bit annoying: I frequently order iced-tea here, and love that I get a free refill.  I was not aware that there was a charge for a refill on iced-coffee.  The baristas were rude to me and I felt like an imbecile after my interaction.  I'd appreciate the following:  1.) Before pouring me a refill, it would have been nice to let me know it ain't free. 2.) If I express surprise at their being a charge, please don't tell me I don't have to have it.  3.) If I choose to have it because I don't want it to go to waste, please don't tell me "It's not very good iced coffee". If it's "not good", why the hell should I have to pay for a refill when I don't have to pay for a refill of the iced-tea that is delicious?Wasn't impressed by the crazy long lines and only 1 person working, took absolutely forever and was definitely not worth it. The food was terrible and so was the coffee. Definitely wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Fair Grinds Coffee House takes away all the feelings of distress at having to complete hours and hours of work and transforms it into a pleasurable--or at least tolerable-- experience.
It not only provides me with the space I need to focus and a good cup of coffee to help me stay awake and motivated, but unlike other coffee houses, it actually offers a great atmosphere and vibe! I always feel extremely cozy and positive in the space. Books on the bookshelves, art on the walls, dimmed lights and colors all around are just some of characteristics that create a wonderful ambiance.  
It truly is a local coffee house like no other-- and I love all of it! Best of all, it's in my lovely Mid City neighborhood. 
I am going to make it a point to visit more often!Fair Grinds has turned into one of my favorite coffee houses. I love the location and the coffee is great with a purpose because its fair trade. They are always giving back to the community and are involved in making New Orleans a better place for its residents so coming here is like a donation to a cause for me. They also offer local baked goods that are great. The addition of taking credit cards was the deal maker here for me as I am not a person who walks around with alot of cash.Cool little spot with a neat eclectic atmosphere. Sadly, the coffee was not good. I can't speak to any of the food or other coffee options. I only drink regular drip coffee.This cafe is a nice spot to chill and do some work in.  They have good wifi and a good variety of seating options to accommodate you and any friends that might be with you.  There are various dark wood tables inside and other tables outside.
The coffee I had was only okay, so although I'd certainly try it again (maybe the barista was having an off moment), I may also, instead, try one of their other beverages. 
There are tasty-looking pastries and sandwiches available, which I didn't try.Great coffee shop, first of all.  Great neighborhood.. good vibes in there.. and they're dog friendly (at least on the patio) which is a plus for me.
Drip coffee is pretty good.
My favorite thing there is their hot tea -- they have a huge selection of loose leaf tea.. and you might as well get the tea pot if you're going to be there for any longer than 30 minutes. and it's only a couple of bucks! 
Try their cookies.. amazing. My fav of course being their peanut butter. and I keep eyeing their other pastries.. one of these days I'll get around to trying them.  They've also got vegan food if you're into that..
cash only. atm in the back. clean bathrooms. overall dope place to study!I love the old school home feel in this place. It's a definite step up from what I'm used to. I came here a about 2 years ago, and the place was ridiculously crowded. I guess there's no real reason to be super crowded on a Monday evening during fall break, but this time...no crowd...good.
I dig this place, and they have a little redwood gated/covered area you can work within outside.
Oh yeah, they also have Zapps chips. I don't always want pastries at a coffee shop, so that's a plus.I love these people. I love this place. Excellent fair trade coffee and iced yerba mint mate.Love this place.  Got the flava of the neighborhood and very friendly!  Definitely recommend the Iced Mocha!I've been lucky enough to work in Mid City for several years, and Fair Grinds is one of my go-tos for coffee meetings, after hours meeting space, or just a quiet place to get away and power through some work. Here's some of the things I love about Fair Grinds:
-The location. I'd live here if I had a million dollars and could invest in Bayou St. John
-The outdoor seating! Is there a better way to spend a beautiful New Orleans Day? 
-Bike parking for DAYS. Clientele can be a little hipstery, so this is great.
-Upstairs meeting space. I often meet with community groups after hours, and the staff at Fair Grinds has been fantastic with some of my annoying last minute requests to use the meeting room. Thanks guys, you make our work easier!
-Savory food options- I can't always do sweet stuff, and they've always got some interesting savory scones or sandwiches. 
-Great decor/vibe. Very comfortable, and what a hotel staffer recently described to me as "New Orleans Bohemian." I'll just leave that phrase there for you. Do with it what you will.
-Outlets, outlets, outlets. Need to plug in your laptop because it's 10 years old and the battery is crap? Good, so does everyone else. Luckily there's outlets for everyone, so charge away!
-Outdoor seating is dog friendly.
Some things that could be a little better:
-Sometimes the wifi isn't quite strong enough for everyone and you'll get booted.
-It can be a little crowded and hard to find a seat. (This is a good thing too! I'm glad they're doing well, and if making a new friend is the worst thing to happen to me I'll live)Everything productive I've done in New Orleans has been done at Fair Grinds coffee house. I wrote most of a book there. I got a job with a resume written there, and I am consistently able to write letters to family and long-lost friends. It's easy to work there, their customer base is quiet and respectful. I've never heard anyone arguing or squawking. It's understood that people are really working. There are always outlets and comfortable chairs available. 
The baristas are a little standoffish, but I actually think that might be considered a bonus in the barista world. I don't know. And they never mess with you about anything: I even forgot my wallet once and the young lady said I could still sit for awhile and answer some emails. They're open until 10, and don't get all finicky at 9:55. 
I highly recommend FairGrinds, but don't go there! This particular piece of New Orleans is one I'd rather keep for myself. :-)Great space, building and staff.  Go there for the coffee and large tea options, but I wouldn't go there for the pastries.  Damn, tried muffins, scones, cookies and anything that might help feed a morning hangover/hunger....all kind of sucked.  Wanted to give a 2.5.  But, it's a coffee shop.All I can say is that this place is awesome and comfy.  It is a neighborhood and community-wide meeting place.  So many activities available! And of course good coffee, great bran muffins, homemade chai and usually some creative vegan snacks.  Robert and Elizabeth take care of this place like we are their children. Thanks!I always prefer local spots over the "bucks" whenever I can. 
Nice environment, outdoor seating and they make a mean cafe Au lait. And the location is top notch right off esplanade kinda hidden. 
MmmmmmmmmmmmmA great place to study. A local spot for anyone and everyone. I had a great chat with total strangers on the front patio. Great coffee drinks, but the pastries were average. Bonus points for freshly made club soda.This place is a coffee shop so of course the place is always crowded with anorexic hipsters in overpriced thrifty looking clothes checking emails and Facebook on $1,000 Apple laptops. I can live with that. I can live with the fact that they can't properly park their bikes and mopeds and block half the street. I can live with the fact they run extension cords on the busy floor of the shop. But I can't recommend this place for one reason: the baristas.
Between one who can't properly tamp coffee, resulting in a bitter brew full of ground coffee residue, lacking crema and another who tries to rob you of a shot every time you ask for an odd number of them, this coffee shop just isn't serious about who they hire.
And it's a shame as the place itself is very charming and quiet, prices are reasonable and the food looks great (I didn't taste any of it. Considering the experience I had with their coffee, who knows what they may have overlooked when processing food.)
Making straight espresso really isn't complicated, yet the people at Fair Grinds have failed to deliver so far. Get it together.
Edit as of 10/18/13: it seems they'v hired some baristas who actually know what they're doing so I'm updating my rating.Hipster coffee houses do exist in NoLa!! 
As a pair of Seattlites, we were in on a great search of a non-Starbucks place that would deliver in atmosphere, wifi, and good coffee. All that above was found inside, along with the nicest barista I've meet! We were curious about the chicory roasted coffee, and she whipped us up a few cups to sample along with giving some of the best indie shopping spots nearby. 
Best thing yet, is they offer vegan pastries of all kinds. My vegan oatmeal cookie hit the spot along with a cold glass of Yerba Mata tea. There are all sorts of cool little fixtures inside and table lights to keep the atmosphere chill. And not to sound like a creeper, but the people watching is fantastic here while soaking up a soy latte.If you're a fan of spending too much money on overhyped coffee, don't go here. This place has a fun, relaxed atmosphere, cheap but delicious coffee, and $2 books for all your James Patterson needs. Hit it up for fair prices, fair baristas, and fair grinds.Great coffee shop, great selection of great pastries, a third the price of Starbucks. My new favorite place to study. There's not a ton of outdoor seating, but there are about three small tables that stay dry even when it's raining, and they're just the right size for doing homework at. I'd give it five stars except (1) the staff could be a little friendlier and more helpful and (2) it's pretty dim inside if you're trying to work. Parking in this neighborhood is tough in general, and if you go anytime around Jazz Fest don't bother to take your car, but it's fine if you don't mind walking a block or two.My friend and I stopped in last Saturday morning. She has come in often before and had told me about it so I was curious to try it. They offer Fair Trade and organic which is awesome. You can taste the difference when it's organic. My iced coffee was perfect. No bitterness. You can't beat the prices either. They are really reasonable.
We had just eaten beforehand so we did not get any of the pastries, but they looked delicious.
The guys working at the counter were really nice and cheerful.
There is ample seating both inside and outside. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside.
Parking can be a little tricky.I truly loved this coffee shop. Some friends and I stayed in Bayou St. John for a week and were within walking distance of Fair Grinds. The coffee was great! I had a cortado and it was just shy of the perfect consistency (for my taste buds), but I liked it because the taste of the coffee really came out strong!
We were there on a sort of gloomy day and opted to sit outside. The outdoor seating area really reminded me of monsoon season in south Asia, especially with the sky looking like it would unleash heavy rainfall any second. The inside had a strange (but good) way of simultaneously being cozy yet spacious. There was a huge seating area, chairs and tables scattered everywhere, and lots of outlets (and a lot of people doing work, too).
Only got to visit the shop once, but I absolutely loved it!So friendly, so welcoming, but DIRTY! I'm no germaphobe, my house is vacuumed/mopped/dusted once weekly at best and I find these conditions crusty. My goodness y'all, try dusting! The window sill where I am sitting (out in the open) was caked in dust til i cleaned it in haste (can't get my work done in these conditions). Wobbly tables are remedied with dirty newspaper wedges, looks nasty. They should try switching out these paper wedges more frequently, or try out one of the many other ways to fix a wobbly piece of furniture  (Google is a gem!) seriously y'all, I can't stress enough how grimy your restaurant is, and from a dining establishment these conditions are unacceptable. I expect more from the #1 rated coffee shop in gambit. Don't get the health ppl here, they'll shut y'all down unless y'all have some routine hyper-cleaning spree to prep for their arrival.I love this place.  They have fair trade coffee and chocolate (from my beloved Ghana).  They have delicious vegan small meals that are super cheap (under $4).  They just brought in VEGAN CUPCAKES, which, though a bit pricey ($3) for their size (small) and quality (so-so), they are VEGAN and CUPCAKES.  Also, great atmosphere and local culture.  Love it.Definitely my new go- to coffee house. Didn't know about cash only. Glad I read it here. I must've had cash on my visit which I don't always have! Parked right across the street on a busy Saturday morning! I'll try the vegan options next time! The prices weren't bad. They were comparable to most.The coffee and tea are very good but by far my favorite thing about this place is the atmosphere. It's a great place to relax, enjoy Wi-Fi and sip on some good quality coffee or tea.Staff is always friendly. Love their drink selections. Lots of loose teas. Fresh strong coffee with nice accruements. They got these nice long wooden coffee stirrers which are the best things ever. 
Love the fact that they usually allow group meetings on the 2nd floor. Been there for yoga and meditation groups. 
AND they're pet-friendly! 
One star off for single bathroom and the the tight parking around the neighborhood. Know it's not their fault but I wouldn't recommend driving here unless it's off-time.This place makes me wish I lived in New Orleans within sauntering distance. I would never get anything done, but I'd have good coffee to drink when it wasn't too disgustingly hot and humid to do so, while sitting out on the sidewalk meeting dogs and watching the weird world pass by. 
The baristas also get points for not being impatient with my pre-coffee, slow-talking ass.Had a delicious pistachio bread. Didn't like the brewed coffee very much, but got a macchiato on another day and enjoyed that more. I liked the patio a lot.Very cool coffee house with a friendly and knowledgeable staff. Also, a great assortment of teas! Not only that, but the tea is on display and you can smell them (meaning they're not in pre-packaged teabags - you can examine the tea leaves!)
I came here with a friend visiting from out of town just to have a conversation. This seems to be a great place for that. The inside of the place is a bit small and I saw a lot of people reading or working on their laptops inside, so I don't know if it's the ideal place for a conversation. But happily, there's also a courtyard outside to accommodate more folks and those of us wanting to have conversations. 
Also got a cookie, which was good. I don't make it out to this part of town much, but I would definitely hang out here again if I were nearby.This is my favorite cafe in New Orleans by far.  Best vibe, best aura, good people watching.  I like that I can sit outside on a nice day and plug in my computer.
The only down side is that it closes around 10pm, and being a student, I'd like it if was open later.
I like that there is live music on occasion, mah jong and scrabble games, you name it.This is my go-to coffee joint in New Orleans. The prices are reasonable, especially for what you get in this foodie/tourist city. They're increased their prices a little since I moved here, but not enough to be a deterrent. There's space upstairs that is regularly used for meetings, and there is patio and indoor seating.
Busy hours are kind of annoying. It sucks to be pushed out onto the patio most of the year because New Orleans is a fickle mistress. If it isn't sweltering, it's raining. For the other month and a half of the year, it's too cold to enjoy sitting outside (says the lady from Florida). They are dog friendly, and it's common to see dogs enjoying patio space with a water bowl next to them. 
The coffee is very good. When I lived in Midcity, I made it a point to walk here for a few hours of work most days. There is free wifi, and the baristas have mostly been friendly and chatty. 
I've seen people conduct job interviews, work at tables, and have game nights and meetings. The biggest drawback for me is that they close so early.I'm visiting town for the Jazz Fest and found this place on Yelp.  I'm hardly a connoisseur of coffee houses as the most sophisticated drink I'll order is an iced coffee.  But this place is the best I've ever been.  
1. It's not a Starbuck's or part of some other huge corporate chain. 
2. It has shaded outdoor seating with power outlets available for my computer
3. Free Wi-fi
4. Great iced coffee
The place is not huge so I could see it being tough to get a table at peak hours.  Wish I had known about this place sooner.  Maybe I should have just kept knowledge of this place to myself...Was having a really rough day and the barista behind the counter really calmed me down. I was having a hard time deciding what to order, and my frustration was beginning to show. I grew flustered and increasingly nervous about holding up the line and apologized for not yet knowing what I wanted. My cheeks reddening, my temperature rising, and expecting an impatient sigh or an indifferent glance, I was instead met in a soothing and empathetic tone with "take your time"... Take your time. I was immediately at ease and felt the comfortability to be myself here, someone who doesn't premeditate their coffee order, and to take my time. 
This experience here is a true testament to the power of kindness. Sure Donald Trump might be president, police may be murdering black people, women may be marginalized in such sneaky ways that their injustices are discredited and trivialized, all the pitbulls in Queensland Australia may have been put down in 2008 because of fear mongering and a bullshit law, none of the mental health facilities in New Orleans may accept my health insurance, and some of us may have missed out on investing in bit coin, but this random act of kindness gave me hope for a better future in this chaotic fishbowl of a reality and whirlwind of undiagnosed despair we find ourselves in in 2018.
Highly recommend. Come for some coffee, leave with renewed optimism in the human condition.It's a great lil spot to have a sit and catch up with yourself for a second. During afternoon and evening hours the place can get pretty busy, but the food and drinks are worth the quick wait. 
It has chair/table seating inside and outside, including the balcony. The atmosphere is eclectic and for the most part average to quiet in sound levels. A lot of people around are reading or with a laptop. There are outlets but come early to get one.Great coffee shop. I always stop here after a jog in city park for their fresh juices...ginger pear or vampiro (beet and ginger) are my favorites. Plenty of bicycle parking. The owner is super nice and let's groups reserve the upstairs to use for meeting space.To quote another reviewer, this place is probably 3.5 stars, so I'll round up.  High points: organic coffee options, indoor-outdoor vibe, good lattes.  Low points: hardly staffed, crowded, kind of dirty.  
I came in every day while I was in town to get a latte for me and my friend.  The lattes were good!  The milk was well-steamed.  The indoor-outdoor feeling is awesome.
However, there was only ever one person behind the counter (not sure if there were more staff in the back).   In four days, it never once took less than 15-20 minutes to get two lattes.
Being NOLA, everyone stood in line chill as f*, and I can appreciate that.  It made me chill out, which is why I returned after the first day.  That said, it still took a long time.  
I'm glad it exists, and I'll go back in the future.  The light fixture is super cool.Amazing place where you can get great coffee and sit down to read a newspaper.
Authentic feel of a coffee house with an attentive and kind staff.Everything about this place is great! However, I really wish they would hire someone to make a better website for them. As a graphic designer, I have to say their website design needs work. I'm only saying this in hopes that someone who works there reads this and decides to take my advice! Everything about the actual coffee shop is amazing though!!One of my favorite local coffeeshops (emphasis on the 'local', as you'll not find too many touristy types here) and probably the best in Mid City.  Super laid-back atmosphere, friendly/cute baristas, tasty snacks made by local bakers (including vegan options!), good drinks at decent prices.  I drink far more tea than I do coffee and they have a fantastic selection of both hot and iced teas.    
There's a covered outdoor area which is pleasant to sit in as the inside can get kind of cramped at times.  They host a variety of events, from yoga and drawing upstairs to a weekly folk music night inside the shop downstairs.  Free refills and wifi, too.  This is a good place to sit back with a nice cup of whatever and people watch, as there always seems to be something happening. 
Cash only, though!  You've been warned!Always great coffee and tea- love the brownies with cream cheese! I always get one when I stop by.
However I noticed a lot of fruit flys, or gnats, flying around in the food display cases. (Not just the refrigerated one but also the large jars that hold the bagels sitting on top.)
Aside from the one time that I saw those critters, this place rules!This is the quietest coffee shop I've ever been to. Nearly all the tables were taken, but you could have mistook it for a library.
That aside, it's ridiculously adorable with a great staff. Fantastic chai latte, too.My favorite neighborhood coffeehouse that has treats made from scratch, made with lavender, honey, cashews, and other quirky organic ingredients.  The yogurt is really special- it's rich and creamy, you will have to try it yourself to understand.  The outdoor seating is always nice in such a beautiful neighborhood.  I highly recommend fairgrinds whether you are by yourself or if you have a guest.Adorable spot! Slow paced but worth the wait especially if you can let your hair down and visit with the customers in line with you.Parking stinks, but it's Nola so I expect that. What I don't expect is bad coffee and bad service to boot. I ordered a flat white, guy behind the counter didn't know what I was ordering and he was rude, so I said a latte would be fine. It taste like burnt coffee with no foam. I could've got that at a gas station for a 1$ I chugged it because I needed the caffeine, but I won't be back. To many better options to choose from for me to go here. Bathroom looks like it belongs in a third world country. Needs a good cleaning and paint job in there. As for the place it self, don't try talking.  It's basically a library that serves coffee.Best coffeehouse in New Orleans! I never tire of the iced vanilla rooibos (especially during study sessions), and their vegan pastries are a rarity in the coffeehouses around the city.Fair Grinds is one of my favorite coffee houses in Nola.  It is a great place to meet up for lively discussions or to read the paper.  It's not bad for studying, too.  I love the neighborhood.  And it's a real cornerstone for a great community.
Located next to a wine bar and a grocery store, Fair Grinds is a locals coffee shop.  It has a seemingly constant flow of patrons from the surrounding neighborhood.  Parking is along the street but it's usually available.  
The owners of Fair Grinds have a keen eye for detail and are extremely friendly.  Consequently, this coffee shop is filled with Nola memorabilia like a little museum.  It's truly worth a look and it's the type of place that allows you to find more detail the more you look!  Much of the artwork is dedicated to the Fair Grounds horse racing track that is located nearby.  I love the belt driven fan mounted on the ceiling...a beautiful touch.  But really everything in the establishment is impressive in its own right.
The menu is extensive.  I often enjoy the French press coffee, but the teas are quite amazing and the food items are often homemade.  There used to be a hot milk option over on the sugar bar area.  
In several of my visits, local musicians playing at Jazz Fest invited patrons to attend the Fest and gave out free tickets.  This is something unique that you could really only find at Fair Grinds.
Fair Grinds is a "Must See" coffee shop for anyone in New Orleans.  The atmosphere is unique and wonderful and you will not leave disappointed.
Note: street parking is easy and this establishment is cash only.Such a great space with delicious pastries, good coffee and good sandwiches. It can be tough to find a table at times, but the upstairs deck being newly opened helps when the weather's nice. Lots of bike parking out front is appreciated, and the location just can't be beat. 
I wish they'd time shots and do the other things that make for perfect espresso, but that's rare in all area coffee shops from what I can tell. Their espresso drinks are nonetheless pretty darn good.Love the fact that the coffee is fair trade. The drink and pastry options is a bit limited. Free wifi is available. Great stop to grab a pick me up in this neighborhood.Fantastic.  Coffee is great and so is the tea selection!  Try the White Russian cake - wow!I love Fair Grinds. 
Delicious inexpensive coffee served in a cozy atmosphere that isn't cheap or replicated across the country. 
Nice selection of locally made pastries and savory snacks at the counter. 
They are also now taking credit cards, if you spend $5, which is wonderful the cash-lacking people like myself. 
Free Wi-Fi too!
My suggestion for coffee is to get a french press. They will grind the beans you choose and brew it right then for you. And it's a steal at only about $3 for a medium press which serves 3-4 cups.I gotta say I don't get it.  And I know cafes as I worked in them for more than a decade.
The seating in here makes it feel like a gridlock puzzle or Jenga where the slightest movement of a chair or table may make the whole contented plane burst.  
And it's quiet.  Like library quiet.  Like take your damn kids elsewhere breeder quiet.  
I guess if you're 22, married to your laptop and like to look pretty in public, this could be the spot for you!Lovely baked goods and even lovelier patrons. A Bayou St.John staple. Love this place !Delicious coffee. I got the cappuccino and my husband got a cortada; both very good. Took the coffee to city park. Organic variety of coffee and tea. Nice cute little place.I've been subletting in the Fairgrounds neighborhood for the past month and this place was the first coffee shop I found. My supervisor at work recommended I check it out, and I'm glad I did. Great coffee drinks-- everything I've ordered has been excellent. Love the interior decorating, too. It's got a really comfortable, rustic feel that reminds me of the some of the coffee shops I grew up with.This place has a lot going for it: Great espresso, unique decor, and a pretty solid spinach and feta turnover.
With that said, a few of the patrons could have stood to go a little easier on the pretense. I can't say I enjoy being stared down while ordering an Americano.
I'll bring my mom next time to even out the vibe.At first, I wasn't a huge fan of Fair Grinds, perhaps because it always seemed to be overly crowded, kind of noisy, and whatever coffee drink I ordered wasn't what I was looking for. My first impression, however, was way off. This is actually a pretty awesome little coffee shop. 
After finding myself compelled to come back for meetings and so forth, Fair Grinds started to grow on me. The day I discovered their citron green tea (it tastes like Pez!) is the day I decided this is one of my favorite local coffee shops. 
Inside, they've got large, colorful tables that are really close together and therefore somewhat difficult to navigate at times. There's also a courtyard/alleyway space for those of us who prefer to work outside. Conveniently, most of the tables even have outlets (if they're next to the building), so it's just as easy to waste time on Twitter/Facebook--ahem, "work"--at an outside table as it to do this inside. In fact, it's sometimes easier to find a spot outside, because this place can definitely get crowded. 
They're cash only, which of course is annoying, but the Pez tea (and free refills!) is good enough to make it worth acquiring beforehand. The staff is always friendly, though it does seem like I've never seen the same barista twice. Perhaps that's just because I don't hang out here enough. 
If you're looking for a change of pace from your regular coffee shop, go check out Fair Grinds. It's one of my favorite neighborhoods in New Orleans, and there's lots of stuff nearby. Swirl, Canseco's, Cafe Degas, Terranova's market, Lola's, some spa... Oh! And an awesome little park across the street. You can totally hang out here for hours, and if you get bored/hungry/the shakes, it's easy to find what you need--a park/food/booze, whatever--nearby.I have to agree with Jean-Paul. This place is for the hipster single crowds (at least every time I have been there).  They were not kid friendly and seemed almost put off when I brought my daughter in here.  Ok, she is a toddler but she isn't one of those really bad kids, just a chatty happy child.  Most of the people there seemed terribly annoyed by us so we left after a short time.  
I also went here for a book signing one night and it was packed, they had artwork upstairs along with appetizers, wine and snacks for the event.  I got a coffee while I was there and the service was good even though the crowds were insane at points but yet again I was the only person with a child.  This just seems odd to me in Mid City where to me, most of the kid friendly spots are.  It must just be this stretch of businesses.
The coffee/offerings are perfectly fine but the atmosphere prevents me from going back (until my child is a bit older and we feel more welcome).Thanks for the reminder, Yelp! I love Fair Grinds, yet I apparently never wrote them a review. So here's the five star review they've been missing for almost 2 years now. 
First a mention on how they are one of the only coffeehouses in NOLA that's dedicated to fair trade coffees and all of their tea is organic. That the tea is organic is a huge deal as I recently learned non-organic teas are ridden with pesticides. Not that I'm such a big tea drinker, but in September-October I'm all about dirty chai and by "dirty" that means a shot of espresso, not a spray of pesticides! Thankfully they make their own chai and hooray for it not being overly sweetened like that stuff from the box.  They have almond milk in addition to soy, so you don't have to worry about GMO-ridden lattes!
I haven't tried their baked goods, all of which look delectable, but I had lunch once, some kind of vegetarian sandwich that I can't recall other than the fact that it was quite good. If you're in the mood for lunch, be aware that they stop serving it around 2. Bagels and pastries are available all the time, though!
Fair Grinds is small and cozy and a traditional coffeehouse in that it's more reminiscent of being in a real house than a sterile storefront/corporate coffee bar. They have community-based activities like Kundalini Yoga weekly and various performances. The staff is so very kind and accommodating and I just love that side verdant patio that's off to the side. It's the kind of place I can easily lose hours in good conversation or a book. But typically I'm working on my laptop, so to that end, you don't have to go crazy scoping out an outlet. Internet works just fine every time I've been there. 
I have some great coffeehouses in my area, but none of them "have it all" like Fair Grinds. The fact that I actually get in my car and drive the 15 minutes or so that it takes to get here speaks volumes, doesn't it?Atmosphere 4 stars
Coffee 2 stars
I like going to Fair Grinds because I enjoy sitting there and working or chatting with friends.  However, I wish the coffee was better.  I find that no matter what, the coffee is always so bitter.  Yesterday, I went in to do some work and I decided to order a french press.  I specified that I wanted the medium roast because I knew the dark roast would be too bitter... even with the medium roast I had to add twice the amount of honey and milk that I normally would.  I keep hoping that maybe it was a mistake and I got the dark roast.
I still love the atmosphere, I'm sure I will try again... maybe I'll consider tea next time.Great outside seating, free wi-fi. Good selection of tea's available. Prices are very reasonable!Their staff is friendly enough. The coffee is amazing and the lemon squares are even better! The atmosphere is wonderful - great for studying, just relaxing, or meeting friends. Another big plus is their accumulation of community flyers. It's a good source for finding cheap, local entertainment and groups.Freaking amazing!
I've been looking for a laid back coffee house like this since I moved here from San Francisco. I've gotta say, someone normal would have been put off by the snobby hipster barista but it kind of made me feel at home. I know, silly but that's kind of what I've come to expect from a "locals" coffee house. It doesn't hurt that their coffee is amazing and they love dogs!As far as atmosphere, culture, what-have-you, this is everything I've ever imagined a coffee house was supposed to be.  It's unpretentious and genuinely local, in that it's a home base for people who live in the area.  Before I was gainfully employed, I came here most mornings, and would find the same group of 60-something men (and one woman) reading the newspaper around a table, occasionally sharing out loud their thoughts on a story, agreeing loudly about how lousy Nagin is or discussing passionately any given issue concerning a city full of them.  One morning I overheard them talking about the great movie Fat City, and happily (perhaps a bit too eagerly), joined in the fray.  I was shunned, however, when I mistook Stacy Keach for Kris Kristofferson, and now I don't think they'd have me back.  
Most coffee places have a type that makes up the clientele, but here you'll find everything from the aforementioned men of a certain age with newspapers, to idealistic NOLA Rising-types planning a community project, to crooked-toothed old ladies asking you to help them put their crappy cell phone on silent, to fathers teaching their daughters how to play chess.  Last week, I was privy to a conversation between a wide-eyed girl of about 18 and her skeptical grandfather, in which she shared her post-high school plans of working for Amtrak and seeing America.  And really, not to sound precious about it, but special conversations like that happen here, high-level thought and community organizing happens here, weird movie screenings happen here (genuinely weird, obscure, bootleg concert movies), and great music happens here.  This place makes me wish I was fulfilling the promise of the "Big Easy," instead of killing myself on a job.  I could spend all day here reading, writing, and having the rare sorts of encounters that only places like these provide.
Last story, I promise, but one time I was here late planning for my class and a pretty wonderful jazz strings band was playing "Paper Moon" and they pulled a little boy up from a table to sing with them.  They lucked out and his voice was angelic.  
Ok, the coffee isn't tops, but it ain't bad, and if I haven't made it abundantly clear, it doesn't really matter at a place like this.This was my first time here today and the air was broken. It was so so hot I left after 5 min. The place was really cute just a bit too toasty for me to get a good studying jam going.I was really excited to try this place today - with a sore throat and a sandwich craving, this seemed like it should have been the perfect spot for a tea and a quick lunch. I checked the website to make sure there would be a vegetarian-friendly option, and indeed, the menu page confirms, "Three types of Sandwiches. There is always a veggie option." Well, no. The three options today were meat, meat, and meat. 
So now I knew I had to go somewhere else for food (and go over my allotted 30-minute lunch  break), but I still wanted a cup of tea to soothe my throat. They have a nice display by the cashier, and I chose a chamomile. For some reason, the cup had roughly 3 inches of empty space at the top - maybe I was supposed to add milk? to chamomile? - but the water was nice and hot, and the tea was fine. Just fine. Not great, not as good as lots of other places, but fine. 
The atmosphere was cute but probably a little hipster for my taste. People definitely turned and stared when I walked in, in a way that made me look to see if I had spilled something all over myself or forgotten that I had put on a sparkly light-up Christmas sweater. But no, it seems they were just sizing me up. Not a place I would feel comfortable hanging out and working, although there were definitely people doing just that. I think this spot is just not for me.Cute little hippie coffee shop! I spent the day here on my iPad while my friend was at work on a weekend that I came to visit. The dirty chai I ordered wasn't the best I've ever had, but I really loved the atmosphere. Friendly baristas, friendly patrons, spacious seating, good diversity of food and drinks. It was the perfect place to spend a Friday alone.Love the environment and the options in outdoor seating, free wifi and even pet friendly.  Love all the food I've tried, especially the quiches. The coffee is good. and so are the iced teas on a hot day.Just wanted to share that I had a really nice chat with Robert (owner) about my comment.  Great, great guy.  Very open to feedback and making this place a place that everyone can enjoy.
Like I said earlier, if it fits my study schedule, this is my fave spot by far.  It's worth the trip from Uptown to Mid-City.First off, this place is cool. The cool factor is very important in a coffee house. You want to hang out there, so you want it to be cool, right? And this place is in Faubourg St. John, the coolest neighborhood in NOLA, represent, represent, thus very convenient and cozy.  They have a rustic, stylish decor, with a ceiling fan that looks like Leonardo da Vinci made it, and free wifi.  For those who lament Starbucks rise to power, Fairgrinds represents the true revolution.
And they have killer quiche. 
Here comes the hammer:
1. The coffee is not up to par, sometimes downright nasty.
2. The service is S, L, O, W. That spells... what? I am still waiting...Painfully slow to watch the baristas here diddle-daddle and stare into space, while you are number 6 in line and have been waiting for 20 minutes already. And why doesn't she just get the freakin muffin and give it to the guy already? Sheesh! 
In all seriousness, don't come here in a rush because they only have one person working at  all times, and that person is generally very sluggish. Get the lead out! I need my Joe! Look on the bright side: you can bond with other customers complaining daily about the bad service and "why doesn't the owner just hire someone else anyway?" Once I was here and some lady said that to the help, and the help told her to write a letter to the owner. RRRRRRRReally. Fight the power, barista girl. I am not sure what they are paying baristas nowadays, but I would probably move slow too. But they are decorated with very cool tattoos... Seems like the manager might have hired them for their tattoos rather than the sorely needed barista competence. Oh well! At least we can stare at their cool tattoos while waiting in line? 
So, yo, aside from those two drawbacks, Fair Grinds is a-ok.
Sometimes the place gets overrun with retired folks who live near by playing mahjong, ladies long in the tooth, and chatting it up, rather loudly. 
The secret is out it seems.
But the place is still rad even if it is slow, serving nasty coffee, and full of  people speaking loud enough to be heard through a hearing aid! Gee, why is this place so cool again? Not so sure anymore, but it is. 
 Outdoor and indoor area, which is lucky because the indoor part often fills to capacity.You know Fairgrinds has really gone hill in the last year. A lot of it has to do with their inconsistent hours. Tonight I came in and while the door says they're open til 8:30, the guy working the counter refused to serve people at 7:30 claiming it was because they closed at 8. This has happened on several occassons -- often kicking out people and turning down paying customers! I think it might just be a few employees trying to go home early, which I can understand, but we all have to stay at our jobs til they're officially over, not just when we feel like leaving early.Came here to study, ordered chai tea. The tea was mediocre the problem was that my cup was hero ably only 3/4 full. The rest was foam. That is a really disappointing thing. The ambiance is nice and quiet. It's a pretty large spot. Nice to study, but I'll never order a hot drink from them.I was wandering along Esplanade when I realized I was in dire need of hydration so I stopped in for a well-brewed and inexpensive iced tea. 
The outdoor space is wonderful and the indoor seating looked very comfy. On this gorgeous Saturday afternoon the space was pretty full but seating could still be had. 
The barista was friendly and looked grateful that I just wanted a simple iced tea. If I lived closer I would definitely be a regular.I stayed in a little house down the street from Fair Grinds. Lovely little, lively neighborhood coffee place in Esplanade Ridge. A fun local crowd was enjoying their Sunday morning when I arrived early that morning. They offer the New York Times, delicious coffee, fresh juices and some pastries. Minus one star for all the folks smoking out front.I really like this little joint and will go here to meet people for little chats or on stops when I'm riding my bike with my dog. They're dog friendly, on the outside-- I'm assuming not inside anymore due to some incident or health code thing, which is totally fine. there's outdoor seating, and from what I've heard, soon-to-be balcony seating as well. The atmosphere inside really cute and eclectic, great study and reading spot. Outside, you can find many people smoking, reading, or otherwise chatting it up.
They have a fair selection of pastries and other goodies with vegan options, which I can't say I've ever tried so I can't attest to how good they are or aren't-- but they do look delicious. As for their coffee, that's where they lose a star. It's okay, but not great. Very bitter, to the point that I usually pay for a shot of syrup to mask the taste. The Iced Chai is probably the worst I've ever had. Then again, this may just be my personal taste-- try it for yourself!
Otherwise, it's really an awesome spot! Get your reading and studying done inside, chat with the friendly neighborhood people outside! I'm a fan.I was contacted by Robert the owner about my review in a friendly, non-defensive, how can we make this better manner.  I greatly appreciated how he approached my review as he was genuinely concerned about how to make customer experiences better and he also informed me of the children's events they have here which I had no idea about!  
He even started a web page http://fairgrinds.com/viewkidz.htm (he said I inspired it) because I told him more people would probably be interested to know this info.  I will bump a star for his response to my concerns and his desire to really have an excellent customer experience.  
I promised him I would give them another shot and re-review, and I will.The coffee was fine but not great. Also- 3.50 for the smallest cup I've ever seen? While waiting, I witnessed a super rude and uncomfortable interaction between the barista and another customer. The customer was kindly informing the barista that her dirty chai tasted off and the barista asked her if she'd ever had espresso before. LOLOLOL. Really?
The interior is super cute though and the food looks good.