I prefer this Felix's over the French quarter. Much better food here than Brisbi's - they need a drink list. Excellent food & fun on the lakefront!My husband and I enjoyed our meals. We ordered fried oyster tacos (great sauce, 4/5) .. chargrilled oysters (4/5) .. sautéed crab claws (5/5) and red beans and rice (4/5) ... our server was great, he was a younger black guy, great recommendations from the food to the drinks.I was very pleased with our dinner at the new Felixs! The charbroiled oysters were delicious and the service was extraordinary! Definitely going to refer people here!The service by waitress Jenea'was excellent . She was well versedof all menu items,happy to explain the typds of oyster dishes.The crab cakes were excellent,  Fried picles w Creole Ranch Dressing was Great.The Gumbo,Red Beans,Jambalaya were Delicious. The Desserts-- Bread pudding and slu e of Key lime Pie were just Awesome. The omly drawback was tge luke warm coffee was a disappointment.  Overall a Great Experience, i will be back.This is now my favorite seafood restaurant in the city. We sat at the bar and had the pleasure of having 3 waiters. Chloe, our actual waitress, was amazing. So friendly and personable. Curtis and Dee, the most amazing oyster shuckers, were all amazing as well and awesome at what they do. The service they all provided was top notch. We ordered the chargrilled oysters, barbecue shrimp pasta and stuffed fish. All delicious. We will definitely return and we will be sitting at the bar.We enjoyed eating downstairs in the open area lakeside with a light breeze and lovely views. Everything and everyone working here is still relatively or brand new, so there are some glitches to be overcome. Friendly, affordable and comfortable - enjoy Felix's open air.Delicious crab dip and oysters! Super friendly service! New restaurant with great outdoor patio on the water.When I heard that Felix's was taking over the Brisbi's location, I was excited. It's close to home & not in the Quarter. Sadly, it was a disappointment. I think they're used to feeding tourists who don't know better. The quality and quantity of their food was less than mediocre. We started with the charbroiled oysters which were tiny and dry. They were served with some hard, stale French bread. Then, I had the seafood salad which was supposed to be shrimp and lump crabmeat on a bed of mixed greens. It amounted to $18 for 5 boiled shrimp on a huge bed of old iceberg lettuce - the kind with brown edges, and the   crabmeat was definitely not fresh. Even the tomatoes were past ripe and inedible. I had one of their hush puppies from my friend's plate, and it was cold and stale. (Take a lesson from Zea's. Theirs are amazing!) My husband had the shrimp pasta and his had only 5 shrimp as well.  So, unless they improve their offerings, count me out. Too bad because the waiters were working hard and the location in the water is lovely.This place was wonderful and we didn't have to brave the headaches of venturing down into the French Quarter with all of the headaches of parking associated with going to their Iberville St location.
My wife and I came here with the expectation of eating a normal meal however that didn't happen.   We pretty much ate off their Oyster and Appetizer menus.  I've ALWAYS loved raw oysters but my wife doesn't.  Mary has always "Liked" steamed oysters to a point but while on this trip she has fallen in love with Char-Grilled Oysters.  So we started our meal off with a Doz Raw for me and a Doz Char-Grilled for Mary.   My oysters were wonderful however, her's not so much.  Our waiter, Jeremy I believe, asked her how her's was and she told him that she had eaten better at a couple of other  area restaurants.  VERY shortly after, the manager came over Mary explained the situation.  The Manager told us we were correct, that her oysters had not been prepared correctly and IMMEDIATELY made it right by bringing over a new doz freshly & correctly prepared.  I ended up eating another 1 1/2 Doz RAW and Mary then ordered their Fried Crawfish Pie Appitizer (this was frozen product that is ordered in vice being made in house).
Overall we had a most enjoyable night out and left happy.  We will definitely return when we go back to New Orleans.We were here 2 nights ago and when I tell you guys this place is absolutely beautiful and amazing! The staff is pleasant and attentive and the managers came to our table and introduce themselves they also gave my children colors and cute little seafood coloring pages. Kept them occupied the whole time me and my husband tried the Frose and bush whacker omg I had to get two to go. The best experience ever! The view is amazing. Best food in town keep up the great work guys!! Happy to have you all in the neighborhoodFantastic! The food was really good, we really enjoyed the char-grilled oysters. The staff was very friendly and  answered all of our questions. What a great view!  They also offer frozen rose'. Love itWe love charbroiled oysters and are always looking for good ones in the neighborhood.  I've got to say that these were the worst I have ever had. The server tried...hence two stars.  But the food was barely worth one star.  
   The oysters were way over seasoned (salted) and tasted like they had Velveeta melted on top.  Also they were mostly cold..not grilled at all. We had gumbo and had to send it back twice to be heated.  The soup bowl was actually icy.  Again, even after the second microwave reheat it barely reached room temperature.  We couldn't find any seafood in it either
What a shame to waste such a beautiful view and great location on really bad food.  
   Message to management...you're on the lakefront now and not serving one shot meals to tourists.  You are losing return customers to the much better restaurants right around the corner.Disappointed. Ordered an oyster poboy. Small with very few oysters.  ... maybe six. To make it you need to load up sandwich with oysters.Same aw some food as the FRENCH Quarter location.  Had a great time with a great view.  Our server NOEL was the hit of the day!  She was great!  We shall return.My dad and I stopped in here for a Friday lunch and since I've been a longtime fan of Felix's in the French Quarter, I was really excited about a Felix's with a little easier access. This location is the old Brisbi's spot and the vibe is pretty much the same: it's right on the lake with a nice view, the space is big and there is indoor and outdoor seating.
Because this was a "splurge" day for me, I decided to get the fried oyster platter that comes with fries and I subbed my cole slaw for grilled veggies. The oysters were as perfect as they've always been- lightly battered and fried, just enough to still retain their "oyster" flavor and not be overwhelmed by the batter. The fries were thin cut and really tasty and the vegetables were perfectly cooked and seasoned and were a perfect addition to the rest of the meal. The oyster platter was really big and I think that it would be easily split for lunch, especially if you get an appetizer to start off. My dad got a turtle soup and crab cakes appetizer as his lunch and it was more than enough and he took one of the crab cakes home.
Our waitress was very attentive and made sure that we had everything we needed and overall I liked the feel of the new spot and I plan to return.I'm glad Felix's took over this spot, the food is definitely a step up over the former place but there are some kinks in the system.  The service was lack luster, had to call our waiter multiple times for silverware, drinks, etc.
The food was hit and miss, the fried seafood platter was delicious, the breading had some nice heat and flavor.  Crab cakes though were pitiful, much more stuffing than crab.  Stay away from the bbq shrimp, not the typical N.O. style, more like shrimp in thick bbq sauce.
We also got shrimp remoulade and cocktail - each had 4 shrimp, based on the price thats about $3.50 for each bland shrimp.  Of course Felix's is known for its oysters and they were good but were served after the entrees.
I'll be back and hopefully they will straighten things out.Great service and fantastic food! 
Food came fast and was yummy good.
Ordered oysters and fried pickles.
Waitress was on top of everything , all staff had smiles on and were very nice
Clean bathrooms 
Will be backHappy Hour sucked!!!the specialty drinks were 10ea$$ and the oysters had a fishy taste...the bartender had to look on her phone to make my drink which was a mai tai and it was not good at all...wont be going back...horrible very dissapointed...I'm sitting at the bar watching people suffer through bad food. If you are from New Orleans, don't waste ur time. If you are from Alabama. Enjoy the horrible seafood. As a local, I'll never return. I give every spot 2 chances. And this place gets an F.Really enjoyed the patio bar by the water. Fresh cold oysters were fantastic. Chargrilled were very good just not quite Drago,I had dinner here tonight with my husband and the experience was all around wonderful.
The first thing we noticed was the excellent service.  We were welcomed by the hostess and seated right away. Our waitress came by very soon after we were seated and took our drink order. She mentioned that they had been open less than 2 full days, and if we had any suggestions for drinks or food we'd like to see on the menu, to please let her know. I asked about a sangria, she wrote it down and promised to let the bartender know. 
We ordered a dozen raw oysters, 1/2 dozen oysters Bienville, and a seafood salad. My husband had a vodka tonic and I had what I think was a honey tea. I think I may be wrong about the name, but I can tell you this - it was way tasty and refreshing. It was a honey vodka iced tea. Mmmmmmm.
So our raw oysters were delicious. Cold, fresh and our attentive and sweet waitress made our cocktail sauce tableside. It was VERY tasty. 
We enjoyed all of our food and the views of the lake were amazing. 
The General Manager came by and introduced himself. He was so personable and welcoming. Several staff members also assisted in making our first visit - of many to come - a very pleasant one. 
I'm looking forward to our next visit already.Slow service.  Waited over 45 minutes after ordering to get our food and everyone else around us who arrived after us already had been served.  The food server would  randomly bring food around to the tables asking is this your food so that your food was looked at by half the restaurant before it was delivered-yuk.Amazing oysters de jour today, fried on the half shell topped with crawfish cream sauce! Gil was amazing server and strawberry basil lemonade heaven!Dined here with a friend of mine for a monthly "girl date." As frequenters of the former Brisbi's, we were anxious to see what changes had been made. Here's my review.
Physically, the dining room was made larger with the removal of a wall that previously divided the dining room from the bar area. An oyster bar and chargrill station were added along the wall by the upper level deck. A few more booth seating areas were added and the high-top tables that were previously in the bar area are gone. I think more TVs were added as well. We spent half of our visit inside then migrated outside in the evening to enjoy the ambiance of the deck. I'd never noticed it before if they were there, but there are garage-type doors of windows that can be opened when the weather is pretty. There is also outdoor seating at the oyster bar, which I thought was pretty cool. I'm going to mention my half-star dock at this time. We were hoping that the outdoor shades had been improved to extend all the way down to the railing. Currently they only extend maybe a quarter of the way down and once the sun starts setting, they aren't much help in blocking the sun. A simple extension of the shades being able to drop all the way down would fix this and would make evenings on the deck more enjoyable.
Food/beverage was pretty good. We were pleased to see that one of our favorite proseccos carried over to the new wine list, so we happily ordered it. As lovers of chargrilled oysters, we split a dozen. They were delicious, and we used the French bread to sop up any remaining yumminess left in the oyster shell. We also tried the raw oysters, and while I'm not normally a raw oyster eater, I thought these were cold and briny just as a raw oyster should be. I ordered a small garden salad, which was probably the most lackluster item I ate and where my other half-star dock comes in. The addition of croutons and cheese would have made it a bit better, but happily the ranch dressing was good so I was okay with it. We shared the fried catfish and shrimp platter and opted for extra fries in place of the cole slaw. The batter on the fried fish and shrimp was flavorful and crisp, fries were plentiful, and the hush puppies were good. We passed on dessert this visit, but I know I will definitely try the bread pudding and key lime pie on future visits. We migrated out to the patio and ended up ordering another round of chargrilled oysters. 
Service was wonderful!! We were promptly greeted by the friendly hostess and seated. Our server Caitlyn was timely in greeting us. We explained that we were having a girl date and that we would be enjoying a progressive-style meal. She was totally cool with it. She checked in periodically but didn't rush us and we were very happy with the pace of our dining experience. Santiago ensured our table did not get bussed when we excused ourselves for a bathroom break and was very friendly. Alexander recognized us from waiting on us at Brisbi's and came over to say hello, which was pretty cool. I like that they kept the old staff. Once we closed out with Caitlyn, we headed out to the patio. Lawrence took over our service and again just let us do our girl date thing. Andrew was always spot-on with refilling waters, bringing us ice, obtaining silverware, etc. When we needed something, they were there; when we didn't, they weren't hovering or rushing us. It was perfect. One of the managers, Al, came over and introduced himself to us, which is always a nice touch. (I'd also like to add that because we took up Caitlyn's and Lawrence's tables for longer than a traditional meal should take, we tipped over 20% for the courtesy of allowing us to occupy their station.)
We were pretty bummed with the closing of Brisbi's but happily agree that Felix's is an upgrade. Overall, we were very satisfied with our visit to Felix's on the lake and will absolutely be back. I kinda want to go back now and eat more oysters!This was a terrible experience and if I could I give them a Zero.  The restaurant was not super busy but terrible service and the quality of the food was terrible as well.  Skip this place. Life is too short.Willing to try again because they just opened...
Atmosphere 5/10 
Food 4/10
Service 4/10
The restaurant was out of all boiled seafood. Our server did not tell us until it was time to order. Salad dressing was more like a paste.Taking a star away because the oil Easters weren't as delicious as the location in the French quarter but everything else was perfect. The patio overlooking the harbor was beautiful and Selena are hostess was so sweet and spunky I really enjoyed all of the staff. The black in the alligator was to die for the jambalaya was spicy but delicious and the seafood gumbo had no okra but is it supposed to? Oh around a Plus experienceGreat service and oysters,the drinks wasnt good .I loved the view .The Waiter was underage so.he.couldn't make any recommendations for. adult drinks.The.enttrance to the restaurant was a maze in.it selfGreat location!  Good oysters on the half shell. Service very slow. We sat at the oyster bar and our shucker was very nice. Took forever to get drinks. Shrimp remoulade was the worst ever. Canned soup has more flavor than yours. French fries cold. Jambalaya taste like it was made from a mix. Hopefully you guys can get it together because we have always enjoyed the Felix's downtown for over 30 years.New restaurant and service was horrible. You cannot split the bill and cannot change tables. My friends and I originally sat outside however it was very hot and asked if we could go inside. The waiter told us that we couldn't. The wait for food and drinks was very long. Food was okayBrittany with the red dreads is so sweet! Best service ever  we had the best welcome to New Orleans lunch!Awesome oysters! We had raw, chargrilled, and fried and they were all plump and delicious! Fried shrimp and oyster basket was delicious so was the seafood sampler. Gumbo was pretty good. Awesome Bloody Mary too! Excellent and attentive service with good recommendations and menu knowledge.Love the atmosphere and as I have for over 40 years, I love Felix's menu!!! Come sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather we are having here on Lake Pontchatrain, in New Orleans!! Drink a beer and eat some raw oysters. Watch the sailboats go out and return at sunset. Great for kids and large family groups!!! So glad to have Felix's in my neighborhood!!! Always my favorite seafood restaurant. The dishes are all delicious. Love the waitstaff!!!!!Food was good, but overpriced for what it was.  Ladies at the bar next to us ordered appetizers before we ordered and they didn't come for an hour, at least they didn't come before we left.  My biggest complaint though was $8 for a Dixie!  Seriously, I can get craft beer cheaper almost anywhere and they charged that for a Dixie!The atmosphere was nice and we waited about twenty minutes for a table, not bad at all, had some drinks and relaxed at the bar. The real trouble came when they told us our table was ready and no one came and we waited thirty minutes. No one was ever assigned to our table, we just left. It's their loss ,as we were going to spend about two hundred dollars there on boiled seafood, but I don't think they careThis was our first visit. I cannot say enough about the staff. Courtesy, friendliness, and the ability to make sure that everyone gets exactly what they need. I returned something and the manager, Ronald, came out to apologize. Even though we told them there was no need it was just different taste then I was accustomed to. He then came back and asked if we would like to have drinks on the house. He was sweet and made sure their restaurant was doing their best to make sure the customer was happy. Ronald the manager was incredible. And thank you very much to Caitlin our waitress. We will be back over and overOrdered the shrimp and oyster platter, the oysters were the size of quarters and overcooked. The manager did comp me a second order that was much better but they need to take a look at what other seafood restaurants are doing in the area and compare themselves. This restaurant would be my third choice amongst the other two lakefront seafood restaurants on Lakeshore Drive.Patrick ( our server) and Ronald the manager were great.  They took care of my 89 yo mother in law for our first visit there.  The charbroiled oysters were great and the redfish special with lump crabmeat was great. My Manhattan was perfect.Well the 4 of us did not like the food and pricing. 
Locals tell us if we want good foot go outside the tourist 
Sandwich type stuff had way to much bread to what is inside ratio. And some other yuks.   Very disappointed.   
The Special - fish was grilled was dry and crusty/ hard edges. 
All of us left and wish we never came to this place.I think this place just needs better chefs. I know they obviously count on their gorgeous view so I guess feel they don't need to try so hard but I do wish the food was better here. With that said, the service and view is impeccable. We went here one Friday after work in time for their happy hour. I ordered the fried gator bites and meat pies. The hubby ordered the bbq shrimp pasta. Yikes on the bbq shrimp pasta. I had a couple of bites and it was all butter, not in a good buttery way. The hubby wasn't enthralled with it either. I did enjoy my gator bites, but later my belly was a little upset and I had an aftertaste. The meat pies were fine, not the best I ever had, which I feel are from Hanks in Marigny.
We did go downstairs for a couple of beers to enjoy the live music which I think happens every Friday and Saturday evening. Also, I am sure you know this but when it is beautiful weather out on the weekend, which rarely happens on the weekend, you know the parking is going to be a problem for both Felix and Blue Crab. It may be best just to Uber it. Anyway, back to downstairs, there is a bathroom down there that is unisex. I am grateful we do not have to keep climbing the stairs to go up there, but I do wish there was toilet paper or more lighting in there. Just a thought. 
I think all the bartenders are super sweet and friendly. The staff overall here is just excellent. I did notice another part bar? being added the left. There were stools and a bar but it was not stocked. The lady behind the bar area was super kind as well and helped guide us where to go if we wanted to eat a full menu, upstairs, partial menu, downstairs. That was nice of her. 
Overall, they know I will be back, but probably just to visit the bar and get soaked in the wonderful live music from the cover singer playing downstairs while watching the boats and sun set. :)We had 2lbs crawfish, dozen raw oysters, fries and coleslaw. Crawfish is definitely on the saltier and spicier side and may not be everyone's cup of tea. All the sides were bomb, the oyster was delicious and service was great! It was a faster paced restaurant but we were well taken care of by the staff.The gumbo was not hot.  Had to send it back. Oyster poboy was slightly warm.    Disappointed.This place is great.  The charred oysters are my favorite, but the rest of the food is always delicious.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu here.I was happy to see Oysters Bienville and Oysters Rockefeller on the menu. These used to be on the menu in most New Orleans restaurants and you hardly ever see them anymore. We ordered a dozen Bienville and they were pretty good I would order them again. The oyster and artichoke soup was very thick but relied to heavily on pepper for flavor.  The BBQ Shrimp Pasta was ok. Needed more lemon and garlic in the sauce. The shrimp and fish platter was very good with large shrimp and crispy thin fries.Been years since I've been to this place, but as always. Half shells Oysters always fresh and tastes great. The service is awesome and the view is as Beautiful as ever especially with the sun setting. Can't wait to come back for vacation w/ my fiancé.word.
Sometimes I speak a little too soft and this time the waiter mistaken my slightly medium well steak to just medium. But he quickly too it back and got a new order with a new steak and it was amazing; just how I like it. Great job and awesome staff; the Chief even came out and made sure the meal was how I wanted it. I'll always stop at this place for sure when I come down to NO. Thanks for the service and kindness. Awesome work!word.Some tasty food here for sure. I was very impressed with the great customer service here I must say as well. Although the menu is not too expansive, you can't go too wrong with ordering anything. The bread on the po boy made it something special!Love this locale and one of its servers, Miya B!  She is always so helpful and positive. Every time I have gone to this restaurant and she is there, we are greeted with a smile. What a great lady! Her boss, Ronald, was also very kind and extremely helpful!I was so looking forward to trying Felix visiting from out of town.  The view was great and the service we received was very attentive.  
Unfortunately, the food fell a bit short....   We arrived at 5:30pm and the restaurant was already out of crab cake, and my blackened shrimp was just ok.  I was hoping I would receive quality food that I can not recreate at home.   The pasta my husband ordered looked great.The food is really good but an oyster and shrimp platter that had 3 oysters and 5 shrimp is ridiculous for $21.
Updated my review after returning for a 2nd visit.Took my family here for my sister's birthday and we had zero complaints about the food. The server must have just gotten out of training considering how unsure she was of everything we asked her. That's normal with the FOH turnover in finer dining establishments, so didn't really impact our experience, especially considering there were three former servers at that table. Instead of the typical 25% tip given for exceptional service, she got 18% for at least trying her best and getting the order right and out to the table while still too hot to immediately eat.This restaurant was truly extravagant and had great service and amazing food. I will definitely be coming back!!Fish Friday! Our server Brittany was great. We went around 9:00 or a little after 9:00 P.M. of course at that time it was easy to get a table. All of my food was good. I had a cup of gumbo. I just would have preferred if the gumbo was a little hotter. I had a kids meal fried fish plate. Instead of fries I asked if I could substitute it for hush puppies. I didn't care for their brand of ketchup it was too sweet for me.My auntie ended up getting the fried shrimp and fish platter. Brittany was even nice enough to bring my 1 year old cousin a fruit plate while we waited for our food.The place to be during and after Saints games!
Wish I could give more stars but they kinda messed up my credit card purchase but it cleared in no time. Our sales person and her manager were the most accommodating for my sister's 41st bday. My family takes great pride in selecting restaurants for our birthdays. We really restaurants by location and menus thoroughly before we reserve. 
Wide selection of foods. Turtle soup, per mom was ok. The seafood platter was also ok. The crab claw sauce was SUPERB. The white wine selection was good and crab cakes were good but not hot. 
I would go back. The view is amazing on a great day in NOLA.Great place for fresh seafood, good drinks, family gatherings, meeting old friends and making new ones. The nostalgic lakefront atmosphere and attentive service also make this place a great choice.Very nice atmosphere, the drinks were cold and the seafood was great! Nice little gem by the lake with a great view!This place was a complete disappointment in every way. From the food to the service. They completely ruined my friends birthday dinner. She ordered gumbo. It never came. The rest of our food did eventually come but everything was cold. So those had to be sent back. The restaurant was about to close(our meals took that long) we inquired of the status of gumbo. We were advised that it was frozen so it would have to be thawed out. Are you serious?? Frozen gumbo in NOLA. I ordered the BBQ shrimp, it was decent but the bread was terrible and crumbly. Everybody knows the bread is important, to drench in the BBQ shrimp sauce. The waiter was overwhelmed and unhelpful but was actually a nice guy. I truly regret dining here especially when there are so many other great choices for food in town.My 1-star review is entirely based on the terrible service. We left before getting a chance to try the food. 
We were seated at 6:00 p.m. this past Friday night. By 6:15, not a single server even acknowledged our presence, despite 2-3 different servers walking right past us several times. We tried to make eye contact to no avail. We overheard multiple servers apologizing to their tables for slow service (never a good sign). Eventually we just got up and left and visited their competitor next door. 
I know restaurants occasionally find themselves short-staffed through no fault of their own, but honestly it wasn't even that busy. We were seated outside. Most of the tables outside were full, but most of the inside tables were empty. You'd think on a Friday night they'd be prepared for a moderate sized crowd. They were not. 
The one silver lining -- our hostess was very nice. She quickly found us a table, helped us stow away our child's stroller, and was apologetic when she saw us leave. If Felix's employed more people like her, we would have never left.Yeah, you guys need to pick it up a lot!
Sunday boat day, ran across the lake, loved Brisbys figured we would try Felix's. Raw Oysters . Down stairs presented a full menu but you could only order apps, soup or salad. Who wants soup when its 100°? Service was slow and chaotic. Don't order the calamari, just plain old frozen pre-battered Squid not crispy, soggy and tasted old. 
I know y'all are working the kinks out being new, but gotta do better than this or you will be crappier than Landrys!
2 stars for still being new, next time if the same, won't be so nice!I decided to go with one of my girlfriends last week for happy hour! The food was great like always we ordered the charbroiled oysters and they were good some too little but good flavor, I got the bbq shrimp delicious! My friend got the shrimp platter she likes it, why I give 4 stars because we sit outside and the sun was in our face, they have curtains so they should pulling down so we dont have to deal with the sun, we definitely come back.In general, the food and service were very poor.  I recommend that you avoid this restaurant until they hire a competent manager.
First, the good.  The location and restaurant design were very nice.  The raw oysters were very good, similar to what you get at Manale's.
The fair:  The chargrilled oysters were OK but not nearly as good as Drago's and a number of other restaurants.
The bad:  We ordered bowls of turtle soup, gumbo, and oyster soup and all came out cold.  We had to ask for sherry for the turtle soup.  One table near us also ordered gumbo and complained that it was cold.  
In addition, the soups were not very good.  None of the soups had the complex flavors that you get with soups at Fury's, Manale's, or Mandina's.
The service was very slow.  The server was not surprised that the soups were cold but offered to have them heated.  After waiting 20 minutes for the cold soups, we decided not to waste more time having them heated.
A good restaurant manager would not allow this combination of poor food and service.
I hate giving a New Orleans restaurant such a poor review but I cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone.I sat for 20 minutes waiting to be served at a empty restaurant and nothing. No water no orders, and a party entering after gets served drinks just is disappointing. It is not busy and an empty inside, all the customers are outside. Officially scratched off the list of places to go.Cute place off Lake Pontchartrain, food was so so, and service was SLOW, yet friendly. I ordered the shrimp cocktail and six small pieces of shrimp came out on a bed of lettuce. Not the best appetizer. Then I asked about the fish tacos which come in flour and NOT corn tortillas. That's not an option so I settled for a bowl of seafood gumbo. Had better. Asked for French bread which came out COLD. Overall, not the best experience.In NOLA for business and stopped in for dinner
I  highly recommend Felix's the food was great and our server was  top notch she was very knowledgeable about the food and her prompt and friendly service was outstanding 
Thanks MiyaB for a great experience.
Will be backOyaters Rockefeller, for lunch.  They have been better.  A luttoe over cooked this time.Had a great lunch and fun time at Felix's today!  The manager, who I believed was named Al, and the server who I believe was named Chloe, made the lunch very enjoyable as well as festive!  I appreciate all of their efforts to make the day so fun for me and my friends!  Thank you!Oysters Rockefeller tasted like canned spinach. Plating looked like slop. We ordered royal red shrimp which are wonderful when fresh from the continental shelf. We have had in Pensacola Beach and they are great when purchased at Joe patties. These shrimp need to be cooked very carefully or they can taste like rubber which is what they tasted like here. I will not be back. It's clear that Felix 's survives in the quarters because tourists come one time and then go home.This review is for the downstairs portion of the bar. Fun atmosphere, good live music, and great views of the marina and sunset. Happy hour specials on drinks and food are pretty decent. The calamari and onion rings were good for bar food and the Caesar salad was pretty good too if you like to drink and eat salad. This is a fun place to hang out with your friends, board games, jenga, and cornhole... not too loud and you can have a conversation. The crowd is 30s to 50s, so more of my vibe...sorry college party kids. There is limited parking right next to the bar/restaurant (maybe less than 10 spaces), but there is plentiful public parking on the opposite side of the street and down the road, but keep in mind you may have to walk a little bit to get here, especially on a weekend night.Outstanding view.  View is 5 star.  Char grilled oysters were cooked so long that the oyster had disappeared.   Chef said that is how they are cooked.  Sorry no they are not.Had a horrible experience yesterday at Felix due to the security guard/agent at the front door. He was verbally abusive to 2 elderly ladies. 1 was an employee who appeared to be a hostess seating guests and the other was a tourist. He was demeaning and telling them to "shut up" and basically yelling at them for no reason, in front of A PACKED RESTAURANT. The manager was called over and laughed it off because he did not see what we as guests all saw and heard. Just because you have a gun does not make it ok to verbally abuse ANYBODY through fear and intimidation ESPECIALLY FOR NO REASON. COMPLETELY DISGUSTED by this experience. These ladies could be anyones grandmothers. Not acceptable and made it worst to see management not care because he too was clearly intimidated by this arrogant bully.A good sunset happy hour! Mia our server ,was  thoughtful, Friendly and efficient. She made the night. We had a few beers and margaritas. The chard-boiled oysters and meat pies delicious! The shrimp cocktail was not local Shrimp so not great. The Shrimp scampi was ok. We will be backIf I could give Felix's zero stars, I would. Five of us got to the restaurant at 8:15, and there were only a few other tables filled. It took the waitress about 10 minutes to take our drink order and another 10 minutes to bring us 4 waters and a draft beer.
She finally took our order around 8:40, and the food trickled out sporadically about 35 minutes later. After she brought out all of the food except for mine, she told me what I ordered was sold out. She didn't offer me anything else to eat.
After we finished eating, we were the only table left in the restaurant. Since they closed at 9, you would think they would try to get us out so they could shut the place down. Nope. It still took another 20+ minutes to get the check, because our waitress stopped to chat with every coworker who was clocking out. 
The overpriced food that we did get was just okay. The service was horrendous. We won't be back.Went last night and had really bad service and food was just okay. Sad to say but they really need to beef it up get some cooking tips from R&O's their fried seafood is so good.  The drinks were good but food just okay! It's          a shame because they have a great location overlooking water. The manager came to our table since we waited 30 min for drinks I could tell he felt bad. I hope they can improve with service and food. Best of luck to ya hoping it gets better.EDIT: The owner responded to this very quickly and was very concerned with the situation. He was very professional and has assured me that the situation with be taken care of. After the quick response and professionalism of the owner, we may definitely return. Thank you very much Jeff for all of your help. 
This was our first time going and we just left after going eat with a party of 5. There wasn't a wait but when our drinks came from the bar, one of the drinks was wrong. No problem when our server comes back we'll get it fixed, too bad it took forever for her to come back to the table. 
Every time the server came to the table, if we had a question she would run away as soon as we asked her even though someone else may have had another question or we needed to order something else. When the food came out one of the entrees was wrong and again it took a while for the server to come check and see if everything was correct. 
When it came time to get togo boxes and the check we waited for at least 15 min after finishing eating for our server to come back to the table(she probably hadn't been by the table in at least 25-30 min).
When it came time to give the server our cards to pay one of the people in my party made a joke about taking the salt and pepper shakers home and as the table is laughing because we were clearly not serious she immediately caught an attitude and became very rude towards the table. When she returned our cards to us she promptly tossed them on the table and walked away. Not once did she say "thank you", "have a nice night", or anything to that extent. 
Coming from someone who has worked in the service industry for years, you NEVER act this way towards a customer whether you get along with them or not. You put on a happy face and try to make their defining experience as pleasant as possible. I guess she didn't care about how she treated us because of the fact that her tip was already included on the check. We definitely will not be returning.Loved our meal here....great service abs great food....no complaints!! Sar on the patio outside, was a nice breeze blowing and overcast. Hubby had oysters and the seafood plate.....daughter had the chicken alfredo......I had the fish tacos!!For being a New Orleans restaurant the food was a great disappointment. Crab dip appetizer was not warm and looked like it had been sitting out for a while. The batter on the fried seafood was not good. Seafood was not the quality you should receive in this area. Will not return.Curtis & Sid were my first Oyster Shuckers. They were really enjoyable to chat with. I'm sitting here with Zack today. He's just as cheerful. The view sitting at the oyster bar overlooks the harbor. It's a great way to spend the afternoon eating freshly shocked oysters having a cocktail, listening to Tay Charles on the speaker, Parrot Head/beach music was playing downstairs when I arrived...There's chatter about with patrons conversing, laughter, children heard from time to time letting out a belt of laughter. Typical of a beautiful summer day in New Orleans. 
I've just been handed some Turtle Soup that reminds me of my mother's. Hands down, Grandma Joyce as she is affectionately known for her culinary skills, would be content with this version. Of course, it came in a close second behind Grandma Joyce's! He he...
My oysters are perfect! 
Heather, one of the servers was very busy but maintained her cool and pleasant attitude. It's great to have staff smile even when you know their resources may be a bit taxed. Sign of good wait staff. Kudos Heather as well as Ronald, whom I assume is in a management position. Ronald kept the flow moving so customer service didn't lack. 
As I look around I realized how much better this town is since Hurricane Katrina. Our NOLA favorites have stepped up their game!Last night at Felix's was amazing! Our server Kaitlyn was so incredibly sweet and attentive! The manager on duty was also very kind and helpful. We didn't care for the oysters Rockefeller, but they took that off our bill and replaced it with the oysters du jour, which were phenomenal! Our entrees were delicious as well. We will certainly be back!This place was amazing! We had the best service from the moment we arrived. My fiancée and I both got grilled platters with veggies and sweet fries. Amazing! We were especially impressed with the seasoning of the grilled fish, shrimp, and vegetables. Even the dessert was awesome! We ate for less than $100 with appetizers and dessert. Will definitely be back!We had a great experience.  We ate lunch here and got the bbq shrimp pasta and the shrimp scampi and both were great.  Our server, Mia, was so friendly and professional.  Thank you!  We had a very nice anniversaryThis place was pretty good!  We started with a dozen raw oysters.  We both had a cup of turtle soup which was thicker than I am used to but had great flavor.  Then for our lunch I had the wedge salad, which I wouldn't get again and my husband had another dozen raw oysters.  Our bill was pretty expensive considering the amount of food we had but the oysters is what took up most of the bill we paid close to $1.50 an oyster which is high but we enjoyed them no less!!Our plan was to judge for ourselves who had the best char grilled oysters: Felix's or Acme.  We showed up at about 4pm on a weekday and found a table right away.  The service was less than great, as were the oysters.
Earlier in our visit we had come by but there was a wait, the smell of garbage was so foul while waiting in line we lost our appetite.My lil sis and I went here for dinner .. this place was awesome .. grilled oysters were on point and the po boys were the best I ever had.. and trust me .. I know po boys.. I will be back here again .. trust me on thatCame here at first because the line was shorter than Acme's across the street. It was all of our first time trying chargrilled oysters and it was amazing. We had gone to Acme today to compare and all agreed that Felix's chargrilled oysters are definitely better. Felix's chargrilled oysters have more of the chargrilled taste and less( or none?) parm cheese than Acme's. Tried the fried alligator also for the first time and yeah, tastes like chicken.great onion rings. great service. oysters rockefeller were good. fried alligator just tasted like fried anything.I went to ACME and the line was wrapped around the building.  I looked across the street and noticed Felix's offered oysters and had a fraction of the line.  I had lots of oysters and an excellent experience, it's not fancy but it's fun.
3 years later and this place is still amazing! Definitely worth the wait if there's a line.  I highly suggest buffalo and chargrilled in addition to your raw half shell oysters.This place is the best! We went back twice! The first night was incredible, we sat at the bar and ate oysters freshly shucked seconds before we ate them for over an hour. The oyster shuckers were hilarious and fun to chat with while we ate, it felt like home. The char grilled were so much better than acme and cheaper. The best part about sitting at the bar was getting extra oysters. The second night we went happened to be Mardi Gras and it was one of the few places open, but the service was great. They ran out of oysters so we ordered off the menu and we got the shrimp and grits, and it was fantastic. I highly recommend this place, much better than across the street. The oysters were juicy and freshly shucked and massive!! I wish I could go back to New Orleans just to go back to this place and eat more of those oysters!!Oysters are very good. Same as acme across the street however the crawfish  étouffée wasn't good at all. Don't bother with anything other then the oystersBy far the best oysters in NOLA.  Pass Acme and go here.  Grilled or raw you can't beat these.  If you are up for a laugh sit at the oyster bar, Jeff and Darrell are amazing at their job and make for a good time too.  I'm going back again on this trip.Best chargrilled oysters in town! The fresh oysters were some of the best I've ever had and I grew up in a coastal town. The etouffee was also very good. Highly recommend this place!The chargrilled oysters here are far superior to their competition across the street (Acme)! Shrimp and grits are amazing, crawfish pies are delicious, and highly recommend the Mississippi Honeybee cocktail! Ask for Magic, wonderful waiter!! If you love seafood and NOLA, don't pass this up!!!A work friend and I came here and gobbled it all down. One of everything please. When we asked the server for recommendations, she provided us with a perfect combination.  We both started with soup - her the gumbo and me then artichoke oyster. Love! Then we had Oysters Rockerfeller which was even better. Salad which we barely touched. My friend had fried oysters and shrimp and I had blackened shrimp. Oh and we got a soft shelled crab added because we both wanted one. Haha. Great food. A little slow on drink service and our entrees came out several minutes apart. But I'd go back!!Don't let anyone tell you different, this is THE best oyster bar in all of New Orleans. Raw or char-grilled, they are superior in every way.My husband and I felt like having oysters that everyone kept lining up for, so we knew it was between Acme and Felix's. I'd read some reviews and one person mentioned that Felix's was definitely better, cheaper, and had a shorter line. I absolutely agree, even though I didn't get the chance to try chargrilled oysters on the half shell at Felix's (they ran out of oysters around 7:30/8 during the dinner rush). 
From what I've seen, there's a bar/dive area seating and another slightly better, more restaurant style seating. My husband and I were disappointed with the lack of oysters but we made do. He had the gumbo as well as a shrimp platter and I had the crawfish étouffée. Hubby liked his food, and I have to say, the étouffée here was the BEST I've had! It was ridiculously rich and flavorful, and if I was at home, I would've licked the plate clean! 
While the atmosphere could probably use a little work, overall the service and everything was good. 
After having dined at Acme and Felix's, I won't make the mistake of going to Acme when I could be across the street having better food at Felix's!Oysters on the half shell and char broiled were so awesome. I didn't even need cocktail sauce on the half shell they were so FRESH. And the bartender Allison made my night! Her sense of urgency and total vibe made the experience that much better.Our party of 4 got 4 different dishes to split with each other. Most of the food was lukewarm to cold when it arrived. Jambalaya was great. Etoufee was ok. Shrimp and grits ok didn't like to sauce. Service ok. Atmosphere eh. Wouldn't come back as there are other great restaurants in the area.We tried the Acme Oyster House across the street last year and had to try their competition here this year. The line at Felix is a lot quicker and half the size. As you're waiting in line, you can see oysters being prepared on an open fire through the window. Once we got in, we were given the choice to sit at a table or the bar. We chose the bar which made it a lot quicker. 
We ended up getting salad, drinks, half dozen oysters Rockefeller, and one dozen raw oysters. The oysters Rockefeller was good. The raw oysters were also good and very fresh. They were served with a very strong fresh tasting horseradish and homemade cocktail sauce made right in front of us. Everything was good and worth the wait. Our wait in line lasted only about 15 to 20 minutes. That's great compared to across the street from experience. 
Just off of Bourbon Street, if you're craving seafood or even some New Orleans cuisine's also offered on the menu, this is one of the many places to be.We had a nice meal. I enjoyed the fried alligator. Our service was good. A little loud with street noises, as there is a large opening into the restaurant. At one point we could smell the exhaust fumes of a truck that went by. Overall not a bad experience though.This is a place directly across from acme just off Bourbon.  We stopped in for oysters because we read they were great.  We ordered drinks and oysters Rockefeller.  My wife said they were the best she ever had and I agree completely.  Flavorful, plump, tasty and the cheese made it worth the trip.  We were resturant surfing so not sure about the rest of the menu but what we had almost made us order dinner.felix's, pearl, acme.  yep hit all three in one day and see how good you feel!  :)Felix's is the poor cousin of Acme across the street. To me, its a poor cousin only in the ambiance. Where Felix's is a bright clean unfuncky restaurant Acme is a dark sultry bar. To me the food was equal,  with Felix's grilled oysters a touch better. These little gems had a topping of melted Romano and were swimming in garlic butter which was mopped up by the great french bread. It was probably this surplus of butter and the thicker topping of cheese that put this ahead of Acme.
My main course was a shrimp oyster po boy. Great... crispy fried, crispy roll, just the right amount of condiments.
They did appear to preshuck the ray oysters but I didn't try any.I think this is my new go-to place for oysters in NOLA. Char-grilled oysters were good. Had more flavor. The service is great too.Oysters!  That's what you need to eat in New Orleans.  Why pay two times the price in the swanky places when you can eat at this sweetie of a restaurant.  I will add to the "Char-Grilled" oyster chorus.  Man o man.  Those were the best.  Also tried a number of raw and even some Rockefeller.  Delish!  Wash that all down with some Purple Haze, and you'll be feeling fine in no time!Yelper Recommended and Yelpee approved!
Go here for no frills, good food and good service! You will have a wait if you go during a peak dinner rush - but seriously it is worth it and not as bad as the line at Acme across the street. Very comfortable seating, friendly staff, decent prices, and great food!
The order:
Blackened Alligator: lovely! So yummy! 
Crawfish: Not bad. It was my first time eating crawfish and I guess I just expected something else. Also, these are fried battered goodness so it tasted just like popcorn shrimp. 
Bayou Platter Sampler: Came with three bowls of: Jambalaya, Etouffee and we got Gumbo instead of the beans. Loved all three! So yummy! 
Char-grilled Oysters: MUST ORDER! Simply served with nothing but hot sauce and lemons. Perfection!Every year I go to New Orleans and every year my first stop in the French Quarters is Felix's. My father took me here when I was 5 years old to have my first raw oyster. I always get raw oysters and charred oysters. This is also the first place I had charred oysters as a suggestion by one of the shuckers and it's on my crave list ever since. I've  had charred oysters at Acme, Dragos,  and Antoines...each great in a different way,  but Felix's are my personal flavorite. They have more of a yummy crust layer on top. I prefer to sit at the bar and chat with the shuckers, who have always been friendly and entertaining to watch. They shuck the oyster and throw it on the bar in front of you. So fresh and delish. And you can mix up your own sauce with the ketchup, horseradish, Tabasco and lemon to your liking. Felix's sometimes gets a line but not anything like the line at Acme across the street. Enjoy oysters at Felix's and wash it down with an ice cold Dixie on tap.The server was adorable and friendly, he made great suggestions regarding what to try and service wasn't rushed.  The vibe is laid back, no frills but the food was great. I had char-grilled oysters which were to die for, tender and sizzling in the shell.  The portions are big, so come with a friend to share...and have the oysters!!I'm not sure why anyone would waste there time here if not for not for the raw and char-grilled oysters. The oysters were fresh, though they were rather muddy. At least when grilled some of the mud burns off so to speak. Their cocktail mixture was really good, but the worst part of this experience was the sour attitude of the bartender. Its not easy working in the service industry but I have zero appreciation for service with an attitude. We also ordered the blackened gator, which was not appetizing. If you do go, just stick to oysters.We looked over a few menus on the streets before picking Felix's for lunch.  There was already a line out front and the place wasn't open yet.  That is a good sign when people are waiting for you to open. We waited roughly 10-15 minutes before they opened the doors and we were seated.  As we were walking past the bar to our seat, I smelled oysters.  I glanced to the right and saw stacks of shucked oysters.  They were definitely prepared for the the day to start. I glanced over the menu and knew exactly what I wanted.  I hasn't had catfish and I hadn't reallyhad any fried food on this trip.  So, I went with the fried shrimp and catfish platter. It came with hush puppies, french fries and cole slaw. All of it was so good.  Straight from the south, and fried to perfection, I was so happy. Brian went with the oyster poboy. He was in heaven as well.  Great food, excellent service and they serve Abita beer3rd Visit wait was great sat me at the bar ASAP.  Fresh oysters and lively spot!!!!!! Love IT!Casual low-pressure dining with food that's way better than what you would think from the atmosphere. Crawfish Po Boy was great, just the right amount of seasoning and really sweet delicious crawfish. All of their fried seafood is done well, cornmeal breading that's not too greasy and the fish inside still has some life to it. It's kind of a noisy place and it seems like they serve a lot of people every day and try to keep people moving in and out fairly quickly, so I wouldn't go there for a leisurely meal but it's quality stuff at a good price. If you're looking to get the "New Orleans PoBoy experience" it's definitely a safe bet.It's overrated honestly. I went for my birthday and wasn't pleased. The food was bland. My mother and I are obsessed with oysters and these were disappointing. Our server sucked too. He had a horrible attitude then tried rushing us out after we got our ticket. Happy to try this place, but won't be back.Felix's is one of those places I could sit for hours! Even though it is located in the touristy French Quarter it has a real neighborhood feel to it. Sit at the bar and befriend the waitresses, whom I swear they hire based on sassiness. They'll learn your name and make you feel right at home.
The food doesn't disappoint either. Generous, affordable portions. Don't miss the crawfish or they oysters. Good fried food too and lots of beers on tap! This is just a great, homey little spot.It's pretty much always busy here. It's exactly what you'd expect in the quarter and very similar to a bunch of other restaurants in the quarter. You have to wait in line for about 30 minutes usually, but you can grab a drink from one of the surrounding bars to drink in line. (Have to finish it before you go in) The food is good, the restaurant itself is loud, and the service is quick. I usually end up here if I have friends visiting who want oysters in the quarter.So I tried char grilled oysters at 4 different places in the French quarter and even the places the locals recommended for "best oysters" were nowhere near as good. They are BEYOND amazing here. They also have a nice selection of other ones... bienville which is shrimp and cheese on top as well as buffalo and others. Can't rate on other food but the oysters and the service is amazing !!We came here because of the long line at ACME. Craving for raw oysters. We're in the French Quarter gotta have those oysters. O.M.G. the darn oysters were soooo muddy.,we thought we were in a another country with no such thing a s 'board of health'. My hubby and I looked at each other saying 'wow. wow.can't believe this' Since it was the first restaruant we hit in New Orleans we thought, maybe this is how they serve it. We asked for glasses of iced water. No, not to drink. But to clean and rinse the mud. We've tried other restaurants and they were pretty clean. So it is not a Louisianna thing.Average seafood. We eat here when visiting the quarter with out of town guests. Got an oyster loaf last time that was really nothing special at all. But definitely not worth waiting in line for.Sprinkling on Bourbon St and a few beers in I decided I could not leave NOLA without a few more oysters. Both lines were long at Felix's and Acme. Having had Acme the night before I went with Felix's. I sat at the bar had my normal cup of gumbo and 1 dozen chargrilled oysters. Service was fast. Shucker was great to talk to. Place was packed. Gumbo was dark and good. Oysters were good however they were not the creamy ones from Acme. They were good but I like Acme more. Still good place next time maybe I will stray from my normal...... And then again maybe not!Really some of the better charred oysters that we had in New Orleans.  They had a smokier flavour than other places and came out hotter and fresher as well.  Decent size too.  For me personally they could have cut back a bit on the butter... they were literally swimming in butter.  But super tasty.  The catfish po'boy was fairly good as well.  Great piece of fish, not dry at all... good flavour in the breading.  The line wasn't too long to get in either.  They did their best to get you in and out without making you feel rushed.Char grilled oysters were delicious. My jambalaya was like warm. My husband had the shrimp and grits and his was warm as well. Would have given another star if the food came out hot!Vous vous doutez que ce resto est pas mal quand vous arrivez devant, qu'il y a une file et que c'est plein à craquer à l'intérieur!
Au final, j'ai juste attendu 5mn dans la file, et ça en valait la peine!
J'ai pris le Crawfish etouffee, il m'a été servi en 5mn (la préparation sauce + crawfish doit déjà être prête, et c'est servi avec une petite montagne de riz au milieu de l'assiette..)
Mon plat était super bon, mon serveur très efficace et poli
J'ai mangé assise au bar, sinon il y a des tables
Les huîtres avaient l'air super bonnes aussi
Mon plat était à 14$, ce qui reste tout à fait raisonnable pour la quantité et la qualité.
Bref, je recommande!We came from the recommendation of our hotel staff. We told him we wanted grilled oysters from ACME and was told that if the line was too long, to try this place. The oysters where buttery garlicy goodness. It had the right amount of char flavor. Definitely would recommend.Delicious food! Great service. One of the best restaurants out here. Loved the food and great ambiance as well.Oh my every goodness ... this place is wonderful. The oysters are so big and juicy and just melted on the tongue. As soon as I sat down and smelled the seafood cooking in the kitchen, I knew that I had to have some fried shrimp.  The shrimp were plump and fried to absolute perfection.  The batter was expertly seasoned and hugged the shrimp for life. 
The staff was so friendly, I thought I was at home with family - but then again no one was fighting, so no, this is better than family todayIf you like freshly shucked oysters, look no furrther than Felix's.  Forget about the overcrowded Acme Oyster House  or the fancy looking Bourbon House across the street.  There's a reason Felix's can compete:  quality!  Strut on into Felix's and you will be greeted by a shucker asking if you want oysters right then and there while you stand at the counter.  Mike and his brother Anthony are very friendly and can shuck faster than anybody can possibly eat.  Mike claims to have wone a shucking contest and is the fastest shucker in New Orleans.  Doesn't surprise me either!
The oysters are amazingly fresh and kept on ice throughout the day.  And if you're a well known tipper as I was by my second visit, you will get at least 15 or 16 shucked to you if you order a dozen.  The shuckers first prepare a seafood sauce condiment consisting of ketchup, horshradish, olive oil, and worstachire sauce.  If you like it spicier, ask for extra horseradish.
The fried oyster po' boy is quite good too.  Having tried oysters at a couple of places, Felix's is THE place to get your oysters, whether raw or fried.
I miss New Orleans!!!On the question of Felix's vs. Acme, I am a clear Felix's partisan. No (or at least less of a) line, and always top notch service if you can get a seat at the bar. They crack 'em almost faster than I can eat 'em, which is tough. The banter with the shuckers is always fun, and the oysters are fresh and the beer is cold. A New Orleans classic.The only good point is that the line was shorter than acme. Actually,  the Chargrilled oysters were good too. But the raw oysters were flavorless (how I typically find gulf oysters, so not surprising), the ambiance was sub-par/nonexistent, and the French fries were mushy.  But the worst part was the soft shell crab.  I love soft shell crabs.  When the bile sacs are removed.  I took a big bite into this crab and the bitter bile squirted everywhere.  It ruined the crab and my meal.We got to eat at three places in NOLA over 36 hours. Felix's was a good place to start. Let's talk about the good/mediocre/bad. 
Good - I really enjoyed the blackened alligator. Seasoning was just right. The oysters bienville lived up to other reviews. Give it a try.
Another great thing about Felix's was standing in line for 10 minutes, looking at the half block line across the street for Acme. 
Mediocre - we got the sampler plate because we weren't terribly hungry. They were out of jambalaya. What?  The etoufee was good. The gumbo was pedestrian, but not superb (see Muriel's). 
Bad?  Not sure anything was all that bad. The service wasn't overly friendly, but it was quick enough to keep me happy.  It did the trick for being so close to our hotel (JW Marriott).Didn't want to stand in the Acme line and I wanted an authentic NOLA experience. My oysters were delicious and really big! The make your cocktail sauce for you there and it was really good! The service was so-so but they were slammed. Not a fancy place. It that's not what I was looking for.Best fried oysters! Service was good, our waitress was very attentive and sweet, the cook came out to ask how our food was.  We had BBQ shrimp and fried oyster platter, both were cooked to perfection and the crusty bread with the BBQ shrimp made the dish, fresh and fluffy on the inside and perfectly crisp on the out! Yum! Go here to eat!Very nice seafood gumbo as well as super fresh oysters and the most intense horseradish I have ever sampled. Felix's is much better than the overpriced and overrated tourist trap across the street, The Acme Oyster House. Besides, you usually don't have to wait.Best hidden secret for really fresh shucked oysters.  The char grilled oysters are also fantastic.  Oysters were meaty and the dozen was cheap!  We stopped in after Acme told us there was a 20 minute wait in a line on the sidewalk, though we could see through the windows several seats for 2 open at the bar.  I'm in NOLA often and I'll never step foot in Acme again!  Felix's didn't have their liquor license since they switched owners but that was OK, we just stepped out to the liquor store next door and the server obliged with providing a bottle opener.  Both times we were there we stood at the bar and ate, it was fun to chat with the locals!I went to Felix's in March 2018 on a day trip to New Orleans with my boyfriend. It was my first time in the city and while there I was able to try crawfish on  the street and LOVEDDDDD it. So while walking around the French Quarters my boyfriend and I stumbled upon Felix's. And it was the BEST stumble we could have made. We had their oysters with garlic butter and the hot boil crawfish. Both of the dishes were nothing less than amazing. The flavors used were bold and full and just... yes! If you don't like spicy then you may not like the hot boil because it has a nice little kick. The staff here was very friendly as well; southern hospitality at its finest. Next time I'm in New Orleans -- Felix's is a must!One of the best meals I've had in New Orleans. Way better than Acme!! Must have their chargrilled oysters!!Busy. Had to stand online but that's understandable. Food taste great! We thought our party of 3 cld share a fish and shrimp platter with a extra order of shrimp. But the serving of fish was really small. Only 4 little strips. Compared to t
Other platters brought out for other were much larger which made us think we cld share.Oysters were amazing! We tried both the raw and rockefeller. Great place to sit and drink a beer. Our waitress was efficient and friendly.Don't bother trying any other place if you are near the Bourbon Street area and want RAW OYSTERS. This is hands down the BEST place to go. The price is perfect, the employees are super friendly and the oysters are just right. 
We also have had the sweet potato fries, red beans and rice and Po-boy which were all delicious as well :)
They had the long stand up counter for oysters that are shucked right in front of you or you can sit at a table as well. 
We have been here multiple times on each of our trips to NOLA, it wouldn't be the same without it.A dinner style oyster bar with awesome service and great food...and some of the best food for the money in the french quarter. From our friendly server to the great and funny manager It was a blast.The oysters and the gumbo are delicious.....Best place in NOLA for oysters n por boys! No wait if u go st8 to the bar! A must have every time I'm in town!Felix's once again lived up to its reputation. We arrived at 1 on a Saturday and waited about 15 minutes for a table. Once we were sat, the waitress was very attentive and the food was great (especially the baked oysters!)Food not so bad... bar service with white female bartender, not so good.... they close at 11 and her attitude was that they close at 10:30 and wanted us gone! Started breaking down the bar at 10:30 and stripping everything away then the bleach cleaner came out and killed the senses to the food we were served! Hmmm...We ALWAYS stop in to Felix for GREAT food!! A classic Oyster Bar that hasn't changed in decades matched up with classic bartenders who know their stuff, a cheery, informative and attentive  wait staff and some mighty tasty Oysters (We had then four ways, Raw, Rockefeller, Grilled & Bienville). WOW! If you have yet to try Grilled Oysters, RUN don't walk to Felix and get you a dozen immediately! Highly recommended and the menu (Like the magnificent Gumbo!) has lots of other stuff as well although we were STUFFED and no more room! DO come here! And oh yeah, the drinks were STIFF and come with roadie cups!I decided a few days ago I wanted oysters. So I planned a trip, a 4 hour car ride to get the best oysters I knew of. Felix's oysters. I had them a few years ago and I needed them, wanted them, had to have them! 
I get there, a long line I planned though, I knew I could wait an hour in line before I was too hungry. 
Sit down, so excited! I knew exactly what I wanted! A few clarifications on which oysters had no bacon and with the good stuff on top. And I was pumped! 
My seafood gumbo came out, delicious! A perfect start to satisfy my four hour long car ride. But wait.... A char grilled half dozen come out... The bartender and manger sweep it under the rug. He looks at her and tells her what I ordered. "What no, she ordered Oysters Rockefeller". Okay, fine. I wait some more. My order comes out. A half dozen oysters Rockefeller. And you know what makes me the most furious, I ordered a dozen! Who drives four hours for a half dozen(mind you, compliments to the kitchen staff, only people there that knows what their doing)! I left a 13% tip. And as I was leaving I heard "did you want your change?!" No. I leave 13% when bartenders/wait staff mess up that badly. I went to ACME to have the rest of my oysters.I've been going here for years and make sure I stop in every time I'm in the city. Have the Crawfish Etouffee, you won't be disappointed!Absolutely the perfect place to have oysters of any kind! Great menu, great service. Put this one on your list - you'll be glad you did.
The felix's experience is every bit as good a the famous place across the street. Do them both if you get the chance!Exceptional oysters. We happened upon this place and got right in. Great food and lots of craft beers on tap.Awesome food. Phenomenal service. Went out of their way for our group to have a great experience!We stopped here for dinner on a Saturday evening. There was a line, but it moved pretty quickly. Only stood there for about 10 minutes. We ordered the chargrilled oysters and raw oysters. Both delicious! I'm still craving the chargrilled ones. They are probably in my top 5 best things I've ever eaten. The poboys and jambalaya were good as well, but I'm still dreaming of the oysters. I highly recommend trying Felix's!Not sure why there are lines to get into Felix's. Very uninspiring food. If you want a good po-boy, don't waste your time or money here. Head up to Parkway Bakery and Tavern. My Felix Special po-boy was half shrimp and half fried oysters. I think there were two oysters and maybe 3 or 4 shrimp. Unimpressive.We only ordered a dozen oysters and let me tell you....they were the biggest and bestest ever!  12 for $12.75.  I'd say that's a pretty good deal.  
Their liquor license had expired, so we had to go next door for beer and bring inside.  Great little spot just off Bourbon.This place is super bomb!!!! I had the char grilled oysters and soft sheep crab. This sis the best I've ever had !!!!That shit was good! The char broiled oysters and the fried shrimp and oysters were on point!!!!!! Thank you NOLAI love this place.  Alligator appetizer is amazing!  The poboys are delicious.  my friends who ate the oysters loved them as well.  Have eaten here a couple of times and have always loved it.  It is a little pricey in general but not for the French Quarter.I tried some oysters for the first time here with a couple local NOLAns. They were definitely not my thing, but my wife enjoyed them.Consistently great service and GREAT food! Never wait in that stupid line for Acme, Felix's is infinitely better. I didn't know how much I liked oysters until I went to Felix's. Whatever you do, get the chargrilled oysters!!! Seriously one of the best things I've ever eaten. I also always get a dozen raw too because they're delicious. The wedge salad is even incredible, like I dream about it incredible. The drinks are always good too!
I have been here on busier nights when the service was a little more hectic and some mistakes were made, but they were great about getting us what we needed and taking things off of our bill. More often that not, the service is friendly, inviting, and on top of it. So wait in the line, get a drink from the bar while you wait, and before you know it you'll be enjoying those delicious oysters on the half shell.A great place made better by the shucker lads at the bar. 
Escaping the feral stretch of bourbon st, we found this casual oyster bar for a late lunch and were treated to a fun experience sitting at the bar chatting to the fellas shucking oysters.
Michael (allegedly Michael Jackson) was absolutely hilarious, extremely inappropriate, but seemed to pick his audience with us and made us feel welcome, special and entertained us for 2 hours of beers and fresh shucked oysters until we burst at the seams from laughter and full belly's...
Food was excellent (blackened shrimp and of course fresh oysters), atmosphere very casual, relaxed and entertaining.
Thank you Michael! Several customers said goodbye to him as they left, he is clearly a well loved and valued member of the Felix team... He made our 5 star experience at Felix's.
Do yourself a favor, if you are NOT easily offended - sit at the bar - seat yourself in front of Michael and watch his awesome shucking skills, have a beer, order a half dozen natural oysters and laugh your ass off for an hour or two...My boyfriend and I went here twice during our stay because we loved the oysters so much. Our service inside was friendly and we sat at the bar both times. We loved both the chargrilled and the half-shell. The wedge salad was delicious as well. My only complaints were the environment and appearance inside and the brusque service while we waited outside in line.I heard the lines for Acme were horrible so we went to Felix's based on someone's recommendation. I was impressed. The chargrilled oysters were so delicious, we were speechless, then ordered a dozen more. The Beillville oysters were also amazing and you can only get them in NOLA.
We were seated right away, the waiter was patient with us and took the time to explain what was in each type of oysters. He also gave us some recommendations based on what was popular.
In terms of decor, it was plain. But to be honest, just because a place has "eh" decor shouldn't deter from the fact that the food was great.
Can't say much for the other food but the chargrilled and Beillville oysters are a must try.Just what an oyster bar in New Orleans should be.   Fresh, chilled half shells and cold beer on tap.  We enjoyed Felix's totally.  Go there and why stand in line at Acme?Oysters were great and the service was awesome. I would come back again because we were treated very well. Next time I would try more on the menu, as I only had the oysters.We had just landed in New Orleans. And had not eaten all day so I was starving. We wanted to try Acme Oyster but the line was much longer than we wanted to wait. We saw Felix across the street and thought to give it a try.
We started off with a dozen oysters on a half shell. The oysters were fresh & meaty.  I recommend splashing some Crystal hot sauce on them.  Gives it an extra tasty kick.
We also ordered half a dozen chargrilled oysters. The oysters had a nice grilled taste and buttery flavor.  The seasoning on top was also good.  I couldn't tell if it was rosemary or sage.
We also ordered soft shell crab po-boy. The sandwich is large enough to share between two people.  The sandwich was okay.  I am not familiar with po-boy sandwiches so I can't comment on how it is compared to others. 
Our waitress was attentive and friendly.   The service was A+.I used to live in New Orleans in the late 80's and Felix's was one of my favorites to visit for straight ahead Oyster Bars. Huge river delta oysters with Dixie beer...
Fast forward 25 years, I finally returned to Felix's to find it had not changed much. Sure, the oyster shuckers were different, but the fresh oysters were there...waiting for me  and a pint of the locally brewed NOLA Hopitoulas IPA...
My hat is off to the service staff there for rolling with the moment as the customers changed by the hour. The service was A-1 and all I had to do was make my own dipping sauces.
I look forward to returning to Felix's and this time it will not be 25 years later...