Noooooo. Just no. Spent forever in line for really really sub par food. The regular size of queso is literally a condiment cup like at a fast food restaurant- the small is actually the size of a cap you would take cough medicine in- I'm not kidding. Quesadillas are made from damp tortillas with a one big ol' slice of cheese slightly melted in the middle. I asked for a little bit of rice with my quesadilla and I kid you not, they probably gave me ten grains. There is a reason it's so dang cheap. Although coveted by Tulane freshmen for its accessibility from campus, cheap eats, and late hours, it is not meant for anyone who is 1. Sober or 2. Has any tastebuds. Tried to give it one last chance before graduating and it just reminded me why I've avoided it for four years- HARD PASS. If you're looking for cheap eats in this area, walk over like a block to Mid-City Pizza uptown and grab a slice or go around the corner to Bayou Hot Wings. Just don't eat here- your stomach will thank you.Vegetarian super burrito with Pico, sour cream, and cilantro is the bomb. Best healthy mask on the run in mid city.Felipe's offers deliciously fresh and authentic Mexican food. Their nachos as well as their giant burritos are sure to please. The ordering process is streamlined by utilizing a walk up counter where you can observe the various options to add to your meal. An assortment of traditional Mexican beverages are also available. I really like how affordable their prices are compared to the food quality. You can get stuffed for under $10 per person. There is also a bar available if you want a beer or margarita. I'll definitely be back.Yeah, they just opened, and they're probably finding out what works and doesn't work for the new location, but I don't understand all the Felipe's hate.  I went on Labor Day evening, and although it was very crowded we got through the line fast and everyone behind the counter was really efficient.  
Felipe's is tasty, cheap, and amazing!  My favorites are the quesadilla which is basically a cheese-lined burrito and the burrito turned chimichanga.  If you've never gotten the burrito and turned it into a chimichanga, do so now, it will change your Felipe's experience!  They take your burrito, you can do the super or the regular, drop it in the deep-fryer, and then smother it in queso.  This location doesn't have the chimichanga on the menu, but my friend asked for it and they made it for him anyway.  My favorite meat options are by far the Carnitas or the Al Pastor.
The menu is slightly different from the other locations, and while some of the burritos and quesadillas are slightly pricier, the price includes several add-ons, such as sour cream, lettuce, and more cilantro, which is extra at the other locations, not to mention that the tax is included in the price, so what you see on the board is what you pay for!  You can walk out of here with a heavy, Carnitas filled burrito dolled up with extra Jalapenos, carrot, and pickled onions at the salsa bar all for under $6.  My favorite location is still the downtown one, but at night, this one does have some pretty nice outdoor seating.Had a hankering for south of the border style food and ventured over to Felipe's.  Tried a burrito filled with cheese, pico de gallo salsa, sliced jalapenos, refried beans and chopped steak.    The burrito wrap had a sort of rubbery texture.  This was my first visit to this establishment, so it was more of a fact finding mission.  Overall, the experience was productive.  I now know which sauces to to select, for example, neither the habanero or the chipotle sauces were too very hot and the melted cheese has a light flavor.  I'll definitely need to explore more of their menu options in order to find something more to my liking, as I tend to prefer more bold flavors.I love Felipe's food.  My rating is so low because i tried to place a a togo oder. I tried the website. after 2 minutes of hearing everything they offer at all locations. I don't need to know what is going on in the quarter. I tried to order online.   You cant place an order unless you're a member.  Is this a secret club or a restaurant?  So I called to place an order.  she says hold on and sets the phone down. 5 minutes later I hung up! ordered from another restaurant that actually has people answer the phone! Ordered picked up 10 minutes later  and ready to eatGreat new place and great atmosphere.
 This new location is pretty much what you can expect from any Felipe's restaurant anywhere else. 
We decided to go there during dinner time and the place was almost full which is always a good indication of how good the food is.Ok, but not good. Very disappointed. Ambiance was lacking and service on the bar side was poor.Al pastor is the best meat. I always get both green sauces and the habanero salsa. also, their pickled veggie bar is legit. May not be totally consistent but always totally delicious.I love Felipe's! I like the Carrolton location so much better the FQ! Chimichangas and margaritas are my favorite!Queso dip = heavenly!! The service at the bar is great, Liz the bartender is super awesome & provides great recommendations. 
I had the 2 taco deal, one grilled chicken & one steak and they were amazing. 
They also have great daily specials & the white sangria will change your life! Did I mention that they also give you a to go cup?!?!  I'm a happy customer!Way better location than the French Quarter one. Parking galore (which you don't have to pay for) and outdoor seating. 
I ALWAYS sit at the bar when I go and they ALWAYS have an awesome, friendly bartender behind the bar. 
The queso with the chorizo mixed in with chips is just my go to thing along with a frozen margarita. Service is always speedy, drinks are always strong, and you meet some pretty cool people just sitting around the bar talking. 
Thanks for not being a snob in the small Mexican restaurant population that we have in NOLA Felipe's! You're appreciated!The best Mexican food I ever ate hands down. Whatever you get from here you will not be disappointed I promise you that.Wish we had these in Texas!  Great atmosphere. Great service. Fantastic burritos! Grilled veggies are the game changer! Stop here!Food is good but the service is sooooooooo slow compared to the Uptown location. All I want is for the service to be faster. No reason for there to be only one line open during lunch hour, I spent half that hour waiting for my quesadilla that only takes 5 minutes to make.This location has very poor customer service. They don't understand English very well and mess up orders because they can't read the ticket. I had to watch them bicker about what a ticket said while my husband and I waited for over 10 minutes to be serviced. We finally just walked out without receiving our food. We drove 30 minutes just to eat Felipe's only to receive nothing.I went to Felipe's and the server refuse to cook my meat well done. I cannot eat medium rare due to a special diet that I have to folllow. I walked away since I felt the server/manager behaved rude. I was goung tk purchase a total of 5 meals. I contacted Felipe' corporate to file a complaint and have not heard from the company. I took my business to Juan's Flying Burrito. The service there was excellent! I will not be going back to Felipe's.I enjoy the food but rarely enjoy the general demeanor and friendliness of the staff, also I notice terrible sanitary practices by employees serving food.  Things like not changing gloves after handling the phone, doorknobs and other things.  Generally very gross and dangerous for customers, this turned me away and now I visit the location on Miro which has a dirtier building but cleaner and friendlier employees.Ashleigh is the best! We had great service even though the bar was packed. I like that she can do all the crazy great cocktails but also can nail all the tried and true drinks like the house margaritas. We had a group of 7 and we all just had the greatest time. Food is always amazing at Felipe's. It can get a little packed but if you don't have a chip on your shoulder and don't mind a gentle nudge then you'll have a great time even if it's at capacity. But hey Pinkberry is right next door tooParking is a B here. I always park in the grocery and I have to fight the little old ladies who are getting groceries to get my Mexican. Other than that, the food is delish! This location is more convenient  than the downtown location and you can get in and out pretty quickly.Not impressed with this location.  The carnitas is bland and dry and the overall quality isn't consistent with the location on North Peters.  However, since this location opened, the quality at the North Peters location has gone down as well.  If you have a formula that works well, don't change it and keep it consistent throughout all locations.  I used to eat at Felipe's, roughly once a week.  Now I eat there once every other month.  
I do want to add that the food at Felipe's still remains better than most any other "Mexican" food restaurant in town.I enjoyed our dinner on Friday!  The drinks were great, the food was really good and really cheap.  I had the nachos and it would have been enough to share!  The only problem I had was the bartender I ordered from was rude and complained about the patrons to his friend in front of me, a patron.  We sat outside on the nice patio with friends and I only had to deal him once as I bought the first round.  I would go back.First review I have ever felt compelled to write. The service has slowed to crippling pace. No good when compared to the fast paced experience when I was in college going to the Claiborne location. As it looks like the issue is primarily related to employee turnover I wouldn't discourage anyone from going. I just hope they're able to solve these issues soon.I was so excited when this location opened. Not anymore. Took my kids and we all were disappointed.  The guy fixing our food flopped ir on the plates. By the time he fixed all three plates the cheese was cold and hard.  Maybe he shoukd have fixed one at a time.  Not sure if we will be back.My all time favorite Mexican restaurant in the city!! Come here weekly. Everything is fantastic and fabulous, including the service!  The Cucumber Margarita is to die forGreat drink specials and I truly enjoy the employees 80% of the time, and one of the bartenders is a mega babe, but how do you burn chips? I rarely ever cook, but I've never encountered a burned nacho in my life. Also I was in line and y'all straight up forgot me! Come on! You're my top 5 of comfort foods and you just rly crushed my evening dreams. I'm gonna go get ripped and forget this ever happened so I can continue to give you money.Felipe's is definitely one of my favorites. The workers are kind and quick! I'm a fan of their whole menu, but the burritos and tacos are the best. If you're looking for delicious Mexican cuisine and don't have much time, this is a great spot!Recently went here for drinks with a friend.  It has definitely improved since last time.  Service still kind of slow, but food alot better and margarita was great!It's my favorite to go to Tex Mex food. Easy, fast, delicious, cheap and I always have either a glass of margarita which is made with fresh lime juice yummm or a cold delicious sangria while I'm waiting for my food in the bar. My favorites in the menu are queso fundudo made with ooey gooey yummy cheese and the fried shrimp quesadilla.As much as I want to really like this place, it just never really impresses me enough. There is just no "wow factor". The food, the service, the atmosphere is all just ok.
I really like this new location's out door seating, but that is about all that differentiates it from the others. 
If you go, get the nachos with pork on them...much better than the burritos.We eat here about once a week. I find myself craving a Feilpes burrito. The prices are fair and the service is fast. I can't wait for the weather to cool down So We can enjoy our meals on the patio.Fresh, top-notch ingredients and quick service- this Felipe's location is one of my favorite places to eat in New Orleans!Everything was hot, fresh, and authentic.  Fed the family of 3 for $30 and left overly satisfied.  Beef loaded nachos, super burrito and pork carnitas taco salad.  Didn't get to enjoy the bar but will be back soon.  Wish we had one out in Metairie.I stopped in here to have a margarita and a taco. I sat at the bar, which was a little strange and felt pick uppy, but I really wanted a margarita and I didn't realize that I could order one to go and eat outside. I digress. I had steak tacos and guacamole with chips. The chips were delicious. The taco didn't have enough flavor for me. The margarita was so-so. This is a place that I might visit again if I was starving, but I wouldn't take my best friend if she was in town.Though they don't have the full menu as the one in the quarter, Felipe's in Mid City produces the same top quality burritos for a low price.Very friendly service with beyond exceptional food!  It think this just may be the best (authentic) Mexican food in the city.My 700th review!
You know that I had to come back to an old favorite. There is finally a Felipe's in the booming Mid City area and I couldn't be happier. I don't make it to Mid City often, but I am so happy to see this area developing.
So, what about the restaurant? I came on opening night because I am a huge Felipe's nerd and I wanted to show my support. I was happy that I was seated at the bar pretty quickly. Yes, service took a while, but it's the first night so I didn't expect it to be super speedy. Lord, I was feeling sorry for some of the bartenders because some of the folks coming in where just plain RUDE. Complaining about the wait when they could plainly see that A LOT of people were waiting. Come on. Don't be THAT guy.
I ordered an al pastor taco salad with a side of queso. It took a while, but when I finally got my food, it was so good. All of the ingredients were nice and fresh and I had no complaints.
I will definitely be back to this Felipe's location. One of the things that this location seems to have over the other two is the parking. There is plenty of it in a well lit lot, so that may make the difference between me coming to this location or the S. Miro one (that lot is SO small). The staff was super nice. PJ was my bartender/waiter and he was putting up with A LOT of rude people and handling it all with a smile. They still have a few kinks to work out, but I definitely enjoyed my meal here.I seldom meet a burrito I don't like. Usually because burritos are a go to "I'm gonna be drinking a rather auspicious amount of alcohol today" kinda meal.  Felipe's is a perfect stop to scarf down a burrito then with margarita in hand start the trek to City Park for Voo Doo Fest. Perfect snack. Perfect drink. Perfect day.
Felipe's Taqueria on Carrollton is also perfect Location-Wise. Right on the Street Car Line. It's airy with great outdoor seating and a large open bright bar inside. 
It's ALL GOOD! ENJOY.Y'all do not order from this location on Postmates!!!! Please. Save your $$$. Whatever you order, they will  give you the complete opposite, every time. They don't even include what is on their menu in your order, it will be cold, chips are stale, and you'll be charged almost 100% delivery fee.I used to be such a regular at the uptown and French Quarter locations to the point where one of the bartenders saw me on the street one day and blindsided me by grabbing my face and giving me a big ol kiss on the lips, with her boyfriend standing right there might I add. I can't make this stuff up, i have eye witnesses. In fact this has happened more than twice, haha.
So, naturally I was bucked up to hear that a Mid City location would be opening. I waited a couple weeks for the craze to die down so I could get in there comfortably and establish a rapport with the staff. Unfortunately, I only stop in here to grab a burrito or taco salad, then I'm out. 
I was less than thrilled when I ordered a shrimp super once and literally got 3-4 little, tiny shrimp. I chalked it up to maybe it was a bad batch? BP oil spill, maybe? So I gave them another shot, same thing. They definitely skimp on the proteins, nothing like how the downtown location shows love. It also seems like the prices here are a bit different from the FQ,  but I could be trippin' (doubtful).
If they get their act together, i might come back and give them one more star because I do like Felipe's a lot.Just like many of the other reviewers I've had great experiences downtown and uptown, and I am seriously hoping that management gets their butts in gear.  I'm a huge fan of Taqueria Guerrero down the street because it's a lot more like homecooking and Felipe's is more of a fast food vibe.  But when the "fast" is taken out of it you're pretty much left with food that's prepared slowly and sloppily, not to mention burned a few times before they get it right.  
I've had nachos burned, queso fundido burned and have had to wait for them to make a new one without even receiving some sort of compensation for my food taking so long to remake.  Both times my companions had finished their food and had to wait for me to even get mine.
The service is friendly, but very slow and disorganized.  We were in line waiting for burritos and one person was frantically making burritos while another stood by the tortilla steamer just staring like he was waiting for something.  If he was waiting for the other guy to hurry up and make more burritos maybe he could have helped?
Again, I am a huge fan of the other Felipe's locations, they have fresh veggies and fast service and don't burn things.  I'm going to wait a few months and see if they shape up.Stopped in for a bite with the family recently. Staff was friendly, food was made efficiently. Food isn't winning any awards, but it is consistent for what it is. Restrooms were in nice condition. For a quick in/out dining experience and to have the option to sit outside with the family on a nice afternoon and eat, it served its purpose. When it fits with timing and nice weather, we will return.That was my first visit to a Felipe's but I wish there was one closer to me! Come to Florida, please. The queso was yummy and they had a great selection of food, a little more than Moe's and Chipolte have to offer these days. When can we go back?I do not like the food here. It is overrated, the food is bland and gross. Juan's Flying Burrito is so much betterThis place blows my mind away. $10 for a combo and it is awesome! They roll that burrito up so fast, and all the ingredients taste so good.
I've had everything on the menu. Chicken Tinga is my go to, but I also really enjoy the Carnitas. Try the nachos sometime. THE QUESO!!!!!! There are a dozen house made hot sauces available at the condiment bar, which is really unique in that there are no plastic sealed sauces, and everything is fresh. I feel like I can eat very healthy here too, although usually I eat my weight in refried beans everytime. That being said, the grilled veggie burrito might actually be my favorite. During lent, they even serve a fried fish taco special. I thought that was pretty neat.
Great outdoor seating along the street car line is a huge plus to this location. The other one by Tulane gives you a view of some dumpsters. The downtown location is usually filled with a stampede of tourists looking for a pot to piss in. 
The bar area has excellent seating, and they serve up some great Micholadas and Margaritas. The decor inside is fun, funny, and inviting. Its not stereotypically cheesy, you know what I mean? It doesn't really go full throttle trying to make you feel like you are in Mexico.
I seldom have a burrito anywhere else in town, except Juan's, because they typically don't meet expectations of what is a burrito, or just fail by comparison. While the burrito at Juan's is given more presentation, the eat-ability of the Feiipe's is astounding. It just has this structure that hardly caves in. Amazing consistency. Each bite has a bit of everything. They have some sort of steamer for the tortilla and cheese, and i think that is critical in how they wrap it. Although there is obviously a lot of wasted tin foil in the presentation, I don't think the burrito could retain that structure any other way. 
Awesome stuff. Btw, nextdoor is Pinkberry, so save some room.The service here is painfully slow. I've been twice now, since they opened up in the Mid City market and both times the service at the counter was terrible. From people asking me questions about my toppings in volume so low I can't hear (I'm in my 20's, no hearing loss), to spacing out when I answer, there leaves a lot of room for improvement. 
The quesadilla is folded in thirds before it's heated. Like a brochure. When the cook got my hot quesadilla back from the grill, he opened it to find one of the 'flaps' had cheese on both sides. That in turn got stuck to the paper wrapping and made a bit of a mess. 
The presentation is laughable. The checkout team is lazy. The food, however, is pretty good. 
If they had delivery, I would get it. Otherwise, I doubt I'll be going in there again to watch the epic failure of line cooking.My boyfriend and I got the chicken quesadilla and the carnitas nachos to share. The quesadilla was fantastic. So full of chicken and cheesy goodness. The nachos were just okay. They use thick cuts of sliced cheese and lay them over a plate of chips and melt it in the salamander. The top chips are then covered in gooey yummy cheese and the other wonderful toppings but the cheese creates a very stiff barrier between the top layer of chips and the rest of the pile so you end up with a plate of untouched tortilla chips. The pork was very moist but had a strange clove flavor to it. It confused my taste buds because it couldn't decide if it wanted to be carnitas or caribbean jerk pork.Love this location and the staff. They do fun events some nights out on the patio. Food is kid friendly, good and consistent. One of my favorite places to go with the family.I end up at Felipe's more often than I plan on! I love their cocktails, their margaritas, their atmosphere and their queso! I love that I can sit on the brick patio under the vintage string lights on a hot summer night, or inside snuggled up to c-shaped bar, packed in tight with my friends. The bartenders have always been extremely hospitable despite the sometimes lively late night crowds. I suspect I'll be back at Felipe's before I know it! 
Affordable, bang for your buck portions with a tailored to your tastes menu plus authentic margaritas make this a go to any time of year.No SOPAIPILLAS!!! Hellllllo, it's a mexican restaurant that has brownies, but no sopaipillas???? Errrrrr???
Entering the restaurant, I love the outdoor seating that is a part of this new Carrollton Avenue eating complex. (Yay). 
Several entrances, we came in right in front the bar... Yes!!!!!  Bar specials were going on; it's worth inquiring of there are any at the time of your visit. 
Walk to the counter, place your order, pay, get your food & it's fiesta time.   
During my visit, I found the food to be average. Not bad, but it could be a little more spicy/explosive in your mouth; after all its Mexican; I honestly did expect more. And then considering there are plenty more Mexican restaurants in the area, this one needs to kick it up a notch or two. 
I am aware of the bit of backlash the facility has experienced since opening, but I think in time it'll get better, like a fellow Yelper said, "its growing pains" of being newly opened. 
I found the staff members to be nice, helpful, friendly & appear to work as a team. (Yay). 
All in all, the atmosphere, drink specials & willingness to please will make me return for a repeat, but greater taste budding explosive experience.We have a group of 6 and we eat out every weekend. Felipe's is top in our list for Mexican food. The food is excellent, the drinks were great and the price is right. WE LOVE IT. We will most definitely be back.This is a great stop if your in the mood for a quick bite. The ambiance is always a hustle and bustle. I always sit at the bar to avoid the line for food. The food comes to the bar rather quickly. The bartenders are great entertainers with awesome customer service. I always order the fish tacos and the queso dip with chorizo. It was cool. There are other great Mexican restaurants out there.I'm surprised to be honest at some of the bad reviews of this location in comparison to the uptown locations. 
We tried this location out and thought it was as good as the Claiborne location we love. I personally like that the inside seating area is much larger and there is outdoor seating.
Also love the fact that they are rebuilding this area from a run down strip mall and the car dealership that used to be here that had been closed so long I don't even remember when they were open.So very close to my home, very convenient online ordering! The only problem I've ever had was quickly addressed in a professional manner. Their attention to detail and strive for perfection keeps me coming back. Could not be happier with this neighborhood staple.They finally got it together! At least while we were there. It was after the lunch rush but we were in line less that 5 minutes and it didn't take forever to make my burrito. Which was very good.
I'm not giving a 5 star because I still don't know what they are like during a rush. But otherwise it was a much better experienceHere's a place where I wish had table service, besides the bar.  It's an interesting concept cafeteria.  I go for the burritos mostly.  Grilled veggies can be real good.  Grilled chicken is very consistent and the steak can be very good.  Carnitas are done well, but the Al Pastor varies widely.  Chicken Tinga is quite good, but a bit messy.  Tacos are decent, but the Horchata is divine.  Really good queso dip and guacamole. They have some bottled drinks, fountain, and the bar..  It's comfortable to loud in atmosphere with music you can pick with an app.  They have found the perfect light level.to my friends who haven't been here, i like to describe Felipe's as, "Subway for your burrito...except its actually FRESH."  Today I veered off the normal "super burrito with grilled veges" path and tried the Tortilla Soup.  First, this was not a bowl of soup-it was a bathtub!! i have more than enough for tomorrow's lunch (and I'm pretty psyched about it!). The veges were fresh and cooked, but firm, and the flavor was good.  Not what i was expecting after living in Northern Mexico for a year, but cuisine is so varied regionally, and it was good, so who am i to say it wasn't "authentic."  my only complaint is that one must hunt for a place to sit at the Uptown and MidCity locations-because they are always that busy...and yet, amazingly, i never seem to wait long for food!  Bravo Felipe's!Came here with family for dinner and it was great, very friendly staff and yummy food! Great for quick and delicious mexicanI have not been to Felipe's for a while but I went there tonight. What a disappointment! They no longer have grilled fish or grilled shrimp it's all breaded and fried. I opted for the Baja style fish taco which came with A maybe 1 to 2 ounce definitely no more serving of fish which was mostly bread. To be honest I couldn't taste the fish at all. It was over fried and tasted burnt like burnt bread. For $6.25 you can get a cheese quesadilla. That is one slice of cheese on one flour tortilla. $6.25 absolutely ridiculous a 5 ounce margarita cost seven dollars. I got to say I'm done with Felipe s. Another gripe I have is only one side of the serving area is open no matter how many people are waiting in line. DeplorableFelipe's is really good!  It seems to be on the expensive side but overall, the food is solid with many fresh options.  I usually prefer to go to Juan's Flying Burrito which is very close to Felipe's.Ok The Guys that prepare the food are Awesome!!! I guess I should have knew better than to think a chain mexican resturant will serve Authentic Mexican food. I could have made better tacos at home or taco bell for that matter(Taco bell don't agree with my stomach though). The atmosphere was great as well. We had the hard and soft tacos, and I hate they soft shells, and we also had the burritohich was cold. The only thing I liked was the Churros and the outdoor seating and the Mango Margarita. If I do come back, it will be for the drinks.I love Felipe's.
Loooooooooove.
I flew all the way from Baltimore just so I could eat here!
Not really. That would be ridiculous. But I definitely took advantage of the fact that I don't have one where I live.
LONG LIVE FELIPE'S (come to Bmore)!Food and drinks are like every other Felipe's I've visited in the area so the quality is consistent.  Service at the bar was a bit slow and disorganized and seemed one of the bartenders was not familiar with the menu or how to enter a combo into the register.  In general Felipe's taco portions are just so small I always end up having to order more here and somehow end up spending more than I do  at other Mexican joints and even then I still seem to be a bit hungry afterwards.  I do like the little salsa and topping bar they have as you get to really sauce up your food and that is my main attraction to this joint as I'm a saucy salsa freak.Full disclosures first:  I am a vegetarian and a California native.  Ok, here goes.  I gave them a second chance cuz I was nearby, hungry and needed something quick.  OMG so slow.  The grilled veggies were good I'll admit but they had to be cut up on the line.  The salsa bar had a good salsa (the chipotle one) but otherwise it was unremarkable as was the food overall.  And  a bar, a full bar.  No place that calls themselves a taqueria serves anything other than cheladas and wine cooler margaritas and the like.one star because I can't post without clicking on one but it deserves NO STARS. rude staff, tiny portions compared to the peters street branch. complete waste of spaceI visited this location this past Wednesday. It was $4 margarita day. One thing I don't like about the drink specials is that the bartender will ask you if you'd like a small or large, but they won't tell you that the $4 margarita is only the small and if you choose the large, it's $7.50. I think they should communicate that the small is the drink that is on special. Other than that, the experience was just fine. I didn't catch the bartender's name (although I think I heard someone call him Chris. He had lots tattoos and a lip piercing). He was polite and relatable. We ordered food at the bar and it came out in a decent amount of time. I've dined at Felipe's a lot before, so the taste was as expected.not as fun as the qtr.   maybe its cause of the layout, and the people inside, but seems over crowded, and in the weeds...   not enough room is a huge issue here.     the food is standard fare, same as the quarter, but for some reason it doesn't seem right.  maybe turn down the lights?  
something not right, and its not the food, but the atmosphere.  
your staff is great, and the turnaround is pretty tight for being in the weeds.   food is comparable to the quarter for sure, but you just need to add some ambiance up in here.I love coming here when I need a quick bite to eat but am really hungry. They also have killer margaritas and happy hour specials. Definitely best burrito in the city.Once upon a time a long time ago the mid-city location was really good . the food was fresh , came out fast , and it was hot . Now it's like watching a train wreck every time I go there .  If there is more the five people in front of you. I hope you brought a book . it's now inconsistent and of poor quality . It's really sad and I hope they can get back on track soon .SSSOOOOO RUDE!  Unorganized, total mess. Jennifer was especially rude.  All the employees mumbled.  the food was okay.I'm really glad they opened up a Felipe's in mid-city! The quarter location is always way too crowded and too much of a hassle, and the uptown location is way too cramped. 
What I like about this location is that it's spacious. The food and bar area are separate from each other (kinda like the Quarter location) and not on top of each other like the uptown one. There's also plenty of seating outside as well. Not to mention, it's a lot cleaner. I don't know if it's because it's newer or what, but that's a plus!
Me and my friends used to go to the uptown location to get some dinner and margaritas and between traffic and parking, I always seemed to get frustrated. Mid-city is a lot closer to my house, and there's plenty of available parking for you to choose from as well. 
The food: delicious and affordable as always! 
All in all, it's a great place to take your kids, stop by on your lunch break, or sip a margarita with friends after work!Steak nachos consisted of some sliced cheese that barely melted on not fresh chips and steak that was gray and tender but not flavorful at all. This mess couldn't even be helped due to the lack of fresh ingredients for toppings. No fresh jalapeños, no grilled corn, no lime juice or cilantro. The pico was ok but not enough to make this edible. By the time I made to the table the cheese has hardened and the nachos were inedible. My husband didn't fare much better with the steak quesadilla which was one straight out of package flour tortilla and the same sliced cheese rolled like a sloppy burrito. The only thing that can explain the good reviews are low expectations or really good margaritas. This is no Izzo's it isn't even as good as Taco Bell.Nice margaritas like the one in the quarter but my burrito was cold and between that and the apparently rancid salsa gave me massive diarrhea a couple hours later.The best tex-mex place I've been to in New Orleans so far!  Great food, and its cheap!Good burrito make line. Get the quesadilla. It is basically a burrito with cheese on the inside of the tortilla. Not like a custimary quessadilla.Wait forever at the bar, the worst. Otherwise, good for what you pay for.Felipe's is good the price you pay. 
You have a vast option to pick from and the salsa bar is wonderful! (Although I wish their plastic containers were SLIGHTLY bigger). 
It's pretty much a quick service restaurant with a full bar inside. You start at one end, tell them what you want, go down the line and say "no pinto beans" and "yes to guac!" You pay, pick a seat, & enjoy your food!Any bar that makes their margaritas with hand squeezed limes, the good kind, is a place I will drink margaritas.  I can't vouch for anything more than the bar apps, which are all very good, but it's the bar that I'm really reviewing here.  And any bar is only as good as its bartender.  Victoria is one heck of a good bartender, she makes great drinks, is there when you need her and has just enuf sarcasm in her to make it all fun.  It's not a huge bar, only room for a handful of drinkers, but oh you lucky few.  come early, stay late.I love this place.  It's open until 11, and the employees are always friendly and the food is decent.  I'm vegan so I've only ordered the veggie tacos and veggie burrito.  They put a lot of different veggies in- broccoli, squash, bell peppers.  I definitely recommend trying this place if you're veganWent for lunch the other day with a group of about 10.  We got there pretty much at 11, so they were just opening.  I had two tacos and chips and guac.  My server was clearly in training, so my tacos were stacked quite high with food.  But no complaints here, I gladly ate some with a fork and was happy to get more than my money's worth.  The chips were a bit salty, but with the guacamole and other sauces available on the side, they all got eaten.
Felipe's always seems a little pricey, but I've always liked my food.   I recommend this and the FQ location over the Uptown location, however, as the Uptown location is very dirty.  This location is new, so hopefully they work out any kinks and keep it clean.