Over priced burger fries drink 14 bucks  . Luckily it was for my son. Port of call for lifeOverall a good burger; however, cheese slices not melted, some weird 1/4" diced onions seem weird, and hand cut fries great if they only were blanched first. Love the choice of toppings:)This Five Guys at Carrollton Avenue and the Lafitte Greenway in the Mid-City Marketplace is the nearest location to my home and my favourite location. I love the freshly cut and never frozen chips (fries) and the burgers and hotdogs are amazing. The veggie sandwich is also amazing. For fountain drinks there is the Coke "Freestyle" so there is an almost endless way you can have whichever Fizzy beverage is your style or create your own unique blend from what's available. You'll really love the complementary peanuts too. Just be advised if you take a bag home with you to make sure the bag is tightly bundled and respect if there might be somebody nearby who may have allergies. Don't go cracking them all over the place and making dust someone might breathe. It's rude and you might cause them reaction. All that aside the staff is amazing and friendly and a joy to visit!!! There are no shakes at this location but there is a smoothie place nearby and ice cream shop near too for after your meal. Please don't take outside food or beverage into another location and consume it there. It's very disrespectful and unwarranted. Thanx!!!The reviewers have pretty much nailed this place. I second what they say, put me in the majority. My two cents will focus on the atmosphere and employees. The atmosphere is terrible. Cold, sterile and really uncomfortable. The only interior walls in the place are made up of sacks of potatoes. The only decoration is the myriad of printed up reviews and ratings of themselves. You seriously have to wonder about a place that really needs to hype itself. I like the red and white, but seriously guys, have you been in an In and Out EVER?!?! Not like they are the acme of interior decorating, but at least they are solid. Five Guys is simply terrible. 
Now all you guys are doing is Burgers and Fries. Do we really need 12 fucking people to run your store?!?!?!? I think here in is a huge reason why your prices are so high. Cut your staff in half and you can drop your prices by 20 or 25 percent. Win/ win for everyone. 
Really solid burgers. Fries are limp and greasy. I'll be a semi regular, but TO GO only.Multiple choices and variations of how to make a burger.  I get the same thing most times I go, but I love it.  I've been happy with my order every time I've gone.I lived in DC when this chain got its start in the Maryland area. A friend introduced me to the awesome "build your own" style burgers. As I've moved around the country, so have they. I'm excited to see a Five Guys in New Orleans. If you're a fan of the not-quite so fast foody-style burgers that have been popping up around the area lately, this is certainly worth a go. The price is certainly right.Burgers are good but now at this location, today they skimped on the fries. Usually my buddy  and I can share the little fries, not today, they filled the cup and just about five fries loose in the bag. Has there been a change in policy with fries?The burger was delicious! Unfortunately mine was covered in ketchup. The entire bun was ketchup-lubed spongy mess. My fries were limp and soggy. Worst of all, the staff was rude. Maybe they could spend a little more on a staff that cares about their product, and the place could be as good as the rest of the Five Guys in the country.The worst.  Everytime.  No matter what location.  I always try to give it another shot but always regret it.I honestly don't know what the fuss is all about. There are 4 or 5 other burger joints in the area that I prefer. It's OK, but nothing special.Five Guys is a good go to in Mid City. Free peanuts, solid burger and great fries. This is just a burger and fries place. Don't expect a shake, fancy cheese or tons of options. If you go for a fresh bun and fresh products you will like it. I am glad they dropped a few into the Metro Area.I'm only giving it a 1 star because the girl at the counter was friendly and helpful with my order 
This was my first time here, have to say, it's probably my last time too
First, I went to the restroom to wash my hands, the restroom was filthy and the floor was slippery, then I went to order, the process was fairly easy, when they called my number, I went to the counter to get my food, I was not impressed, I sat down and first off, the fries while hot they was also very greasy, the burger was so so, I've had better but I've also had worse, way worse
The biggest problem I had was for a bacon cheeseburger, small fries and a small drink at a cost of 15$ and change, I was expecting something way better, It wasn't anything special 
I did however enjoy the music selection they were playing, although it was very loud, so louder was hard to carry on a conversation with anyone at the same tableThis place definitely isn't special, but it gets the job done. I get pretty serious hamburger cravings sometimes, but never end up quenching them because I feel like my only two options are cheap/fake burger or expensive/real burger. Five guys fits perfectly in between, so I'm happy to have them close by!
I visited mid-afternoon during a Saints game, thinking it would be slow and the order would be ready fast. There were only a few people there and the order still took a while, but I'm okay with that because they're actually making your burger to order. Next time I'll probably order ahead online so I don't have to wait.
I wasn't a fan of the atmosphere. It feels like a cafeteria and there is a ton of peanut debris on the floor, despite people walking around sweeping non-stop. The textured tiles were probably were not the best choice with all that peanut stuff flying around. The decor is cold, hard, and uncomfortable IMHO.
Anyway, back to the burger. I read reviews ahead of time so I made sure to order the "little" burger. It was still huge! I ordered it "all the way" and it was awesome. So, for $5 I got a big, fresh, real beef burger with tons of toppings! That beats fast food in both quality and price. The burger tasted like it was cooked on a real grill (I didn't actually look to see how they're cooked) and the whole thing wasn't overly heavy or greasy.
It's not amazing, but it's satisfying.Tonight was our first time here and it wasn't good. The meat wasn't hot, the cheese was cold and fell out of the burger. Fresh jalapenos on a burger? RUFKM? Sick. Juicy Lucy's (1 block down) is way better, plus they have beer.The music is great and the hamburgers are good, over priced but good. $12.61 for a regular burger with no extras, a "little fry" and regular (not large) fountain drink. 
Pro Tip: Take your food to go instead of dining in. I witnessed the busboy wiping down 10 tables with the same towel that he used to wipe the seats of all of the chairs. No spray cleaner. I wish I would have captured a video but I was too disgusted. In case you didn't already know, this practice causes foodborn illness and Norovirus. My suggestion to the manager and district manager who are supposed to be watching for these things: Take a food safety class and pay attention when they tell you about cleaning tables and chairs with the same towel. Here is a reference in case you're Google machine isn't working: http://www.consumeraffairs.com/news/how-to-tell-if-a-restaurant-is-clean-or-not-030513.htmlWent to Five Guys to try it again since my last experience wasn't so good. Wanted Company Burger! Should've followed my first mind n went to Company Burger. 
I ordered online hoping it would be ready when I got to the place, didn't happen. Seems they started order when I got there. While waiting I had a chance to see how thin the patties really are! Finally after waiting 15 mins for an online order I got my food. Greasy bag n all. The service was fine. 
The fries were soggy, the patty overcooked n way too small for the bun. Which was soggy from the toppings.  Guess ppl like the fact that they can choose the toppings n they're needed to cover up the nasty patty!! Won't be retuning!!Oh my god.
Five Guys is amazing. Best burgers EVER. And their Cajun fries are actually spicy. And the place is very clean, which is impressive considering you walk in and just toss the complimentary peanut shells on the floor. And did I mention the burgers are amazing? Because they are. I grew up around the DC area and I gotta say, having a Five Guys here is like high-fiving my childhood. It's good to see that my nostalgia didn't steer my expectations away from the reality: their food is just as awesome as I remember.When I can't get what I REALLY WANT in a burger... 5 guys is always there to the rescue. And being strategically placed, I'm never far from being rescued. 
Juicy. Fresh. Made to order. ALWAYS filling. This is the marriage of sit down dining burger + fast food burger. Prepared to order, but no long time constraint... hello this is winning. 
Fresh cut fries like my Mom used to make; thick enough to stand up to ketchup. I think they call them steak fries or something like that nowadays. Anyway... 
Adding toppings or condiments is the rave... no two burgers are the same. 
And I would be remiss in not mentioning the DRINK MACHINE... combos out the wazoo!!!! Helllo. Ca'ch me there. Lol 
#cashmeoutside lol.Consistent good results can be expected and this is probably one of the better fast food chain joints for burgers.  They load you down with a lot of french fries here and the service is typically fast and efficient.  With so many options available to customize their burgers they have always gotten my burger correct which isn't the case with most other fast food joints.I am really grateful that they decided to open up a Five guy's Burger and Fries here in Mid City. Even more grateful that it is within walking distance of where I live. 
This five guy's is not as busy as the one in the Elmwood shopping center which is a very good thing. The customer service was not as good though. The lady behind the register thought that it was more important to tend to mundane tasks rather than assist customers. The food though is still pretty good so it wasn't that bad of an experience. I definitely liked the coca-cola soda machine at this location. It's similar to the kind that you find at Wendy's. It's not the best five guys restaurant around but still is pretty good non the less.
In short kick ass soda dispenser,good food, but not so great customer service.Got a little cheeseburger w/lettuce, pickles, tomato, ketchup and mustard. Pretty basic. It was a bit undercooked, and soggy with too much ketchup and mustard. The fries were awesome. The service was poor and unfriendly, and there were lots of dirty tables.Brand new location in mid city area. Reminding me of In and Out burger with the grilled onion. Everything made the way you want but price a little high for a franchise burger place. I had hot dog and it was delicious.Great Burgers and Dogs, any and all toppings grilled and included in the price. Awesome fries, especially Cajun style. Top it all off with free peanuts. Peanut allergies beware!Second chance.... still terrible! Cold cheese, again. Under done fries (that was new). Do people eat here and think it's good? AND WHY IS THE CHEESE COLD? WTF
So, they serve your food in a greasy brown paper bag, regardless if you are staying or going. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, lettuce, tomato, ketchup, jalapenos (again). When I reached into the bag to pull the burger out, it fell out of the wrapping and ended up fallen apart in the bottom of the bag. RUFKM? I suppose it was poorly wrapped and poorly prepared and shall I mention again the cheese was COLD? 
Since I experienced the cold-cheese conundrum last time, I sat and observed the assembly line and yes they do indeed slap a cold slice of American cheese on your cooked burger 2 seconds before it's wrapped. I suppose the theory is that the heat from the meat will melt the cheese, but you know what... IT DOESN'T. 
Cold cheese on a cheeseburger is like... so wrong. It's downright offensive. Anyone making a cheeseburger at home knows you put the cheese on when it's still on the grill so it melts. 
Not at Five Guys. It's terrible and lazy. Who thinks this place is good? 
The fries, despite being cooked to order were still raw inside. Oversalted. Terrible. 
No
No
No
Won't be back. Like I said in my prior review, walk the block down to Juicy Lucy's. They make a great burger. With hot cheese :)For my taste buds, it's quite simply like the slogan says, "Heaven in a brown paper bag." The menu is simple, and to the point. Burgers and fries are freshly prepared also. I'll be coming back!Ok, this place is noisy and the décor may leave something to be desired, but overall the burgers are vey good and the fries seemingly home-made. Plenty of places to sit and they have outdoor seating. They offer all you can eat free peanuts too, which I love. It may be a little more expensive than McDonalds, but it's a lot better too. Burgers are char-broiled and tasty. I was very impressed by the manager on duty at the time I went in. He was walking around with a smile, talking to people, and he acted like he really loved his job and being at work. This something you seldom see in a New Orleans restaurant. He had a great rapport with the employees too, most of who seemed a step up or two from the average burger place employee. They certainly put McDonalds and Wendy's employees to shame. Overall if you're looking for a quiet, intimate place for a burger this is not the place, but if you want a quick, tasty burger with real fries, this is the spot. Don't forget they have a nice selection of free toppings for your burger. It's nice to see mid-city coming back to life with the creation of new restaurants and shopping areas.Great place for the family. The food and service is great! They are super friendly and the food is all really fresh. Beware peanuts tho!The place used to have good sized portions of food. I guess the theme of places is when they start doing well is to make the portions smaller and smaller while keeping the price the same.Five Guys is top of my list for awesome and amazing burgers with all the fixings/toppings/add ons whatever you wish to call them. The burgers are always hot, fresh, sweet, and delicious. If you get it with bacon it adds a zesty and delicious crunch. The chips/fries whatever you wish to call them are also amazing. They are freshly cut and never frozen and have no chemical preservation so they taste a little different than common but they are much fresher and healthier. I totally enjoy and love my Five Guys. The staff is also great and amazing. The free peanuts are the icing on the cake!!!!! Yeah, it is more expensive than the leading competitor but it is worth it!!!!! So when you want delicious- head to Five Guys!!!!! You get what you pay for!!!!!!!! This is taste and quality!!!!Love Five Guys and this location.
* If you love the Cajun fries seasoning, I am almost sure Chef Paul Prudhomme's Seafood Magic seasoning is an exact copy!3/5 not what i remember
ok, to be fair, i was trying to remember the 5 guys in phoenix from old business trips. but it's a chain! it's supposed to be replicable. i came in about 30 minutes before closing and the grill dude was not happy to see me. my burger was ok, kinda bland actually. and my fries were unfortunately toooo salty and not as crispy as i'd like. i think my bill ran close to $10 as well, which is probably what knocks it out of the running for a return.
if you like DIY type foods, then this is a burger option. just not a great one, it seems.I would give it a 3, but I'm not seeing that these burgers are living up to their hype for the price. It was a burger. It was decent burger. But it wasn't the best burger I've had in new orleans like everyone says.If you want to wait 30 minutes for an overpriced cheeseburger than this is the place for you.  The line to order moves fairly quickly but prepare for a long wait to actually get your food.
The burgers are quite good and the ability to add a ton of different toppings is great.  Im just not sure its worth $7.  As stated in another review, the fries are extremely greasy and be warned, a large order of fries is a enough for a whole separate meal.
Decent food, new and clean, greasy fries and long wait time.I have always loved this place. Usually the order is correct and the burger is tasty. But this is my first time trying it in New Orleans and what an utter failure. This restaurant behaved like a McDonald's instead of a step up burger joint. My order was incorrect both times (in less than 10 minutes of each other) The guy at the counter was nice, but when you don't manage results you get what I got tonight. A tasteless burger with a whole bunch of stuff on top. Here is their biggest problem is they were trying to make more than one order at a time. That works when all the customers are sitting at the same table. Here there were 3 different customers. Customer 89, 90 and 91. Customer 89 got food first, 91 was served second and finally 90. From the looks of it 91's food was no different than 90, but since they were trying to handle more than one customer at a time - the food got confused or they just did not do it right. One customer at a time. Funny as I was walking in instead of them settling with customer 89 they were trying to ask how many patties I wanted. I am ok with food taking a while, because it's fresh. The only redeeming part of this again was the people were nice and the fries were okay. They were better cooked than most places. But they need to get a motto. Take care of the person in front of you.The food here is great. the burgers are huge, so is the fries. If you eat here you have to make sure you bring your appetite. The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. Ask for the season fries, you want be sorry.. :)I dont get it. This place is so overrated and greasy. The fries are the best part of the meal but the burgers are tasteless. Five Guys took advantage of President Obama's visit in 2009 to national publicity but with all the great local burger joints this location may be in trouble soon.I am very particular about my burgers.  I'm always suspicious of anything that is ground.  But when I find a good quality burger I stay with them.  First of all they know how to cook a burger WELL DONE.  For those of us who like well done burgers it baffles the brain that most places just can't get it right.  But the burgers are not just done, but still juicy.  Today I had a bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions.  It was perfection.
The wait staff was extremely nice.
My only complaint is that the place is freezing.  I suspect that because the cooking area and dining area are kind of combined, the dining area is much colder than necessary.  Just take a sweater.A better fast casual burger option in midcity. This location is always clean and the options with the drink machine is mind boggling. The peanuts are welcomed sight for the inpatient diner in all of us. The burger was solid however the cajun fries could have been seasoned better. All in all worth the price.So for anyone reading my reviews, I go through these phases where certain foods will sustain me for weeks. Sometimes they're healthy stuff which my body is very happy and pleased with me. Other times, it's nothing but junk. I'm currently on a burger kick, thanks to 5 Guys.
Friend suggested we check this place out for Endymion. All the parties, we were supposed to go to at this point, were completely blocked by the parade rolling so we decided to make the most of it. 
4 solid stars on the food. Since it was parade time, they had a limited menu. Only their double burgers and fries. You could get that with cheese and bacon as add-ons. That was it. 
So I got the burger add bacon. Friend convinced me to not get fries since we were going to be walking around and she thought the fries would be too heavy. She was completely right. 
Burger was excellent and really hit the spot. Meat was very moist and tender. (You can tell that it was freshly ground.) Good amount of toppings and the mushrooms had some flavor. Bacon was crispy and not too greasy. It was PERFECT!
So while my friend and I chowed down on our burgers, we admired the smells of fries and observed all the other patrons. Friend mentioned the peanuts you can toss on the floor on other days but I'm happy to report they didn't have them that day. (Dirty floors creep me out- especially peanut shells. What is this? A barn?)
Consensus: Like the shopping malls, if you've graduated high school, you're not their target audience. And I wasn't sure about the HUGE sign advertising that they had the best burger in Central Louisiana. From 2012. 
Sooo you're telling me that Alexandria and Natchitoches tasted these burgers AND voted before New Orleans even broke ground on our first?? 
Seriously not cool. Another thing not cool? The second security guard (first one was by the door to ensure no outside drinks or food entered) by the bathroom asking everyone for their receipts. "Receipt is only good for your first bathroom visit. If you're in there for longer than 20 mins, you'll need to buy something else." And the bastard had a stopwatch!Went by this place again recently, and they are still doing things right. Fresh hot burgers and awesome real fries, cooked up hot. Only issues here is the place is loud, as I've mentioned before, and the lights are really bright. They should dim them some as the evening goes on. The music they play is really good, its just turned up too high. These are not big issues. The main thing is that for a little more than McDonald's you can have a great custom burger with real, hot french fries. They're open to 10:00pm, and that is great too. And lastly, the free peanuts rule!This is my third favorite place after Port of Call and Phill's Grill. The quality of the burgers and fries are great but pricey for a family.Over 14 bucks for a bacon burger, fries, and drink. Definitely not a deal. Pretty good burger, but not worth anywhere near the price. And 3 bucks for soggy fries? I got there right as they were opening, so they should've been nice and fresh. They do have Mello Yello in the soda machine though, which is pretty fantastic. Good service, fairly quick for being made to order. Just not worth the cost.First time customer, heard great things about it. Read all the reviews and prepared myself for a long wait with my husband and two year old. To my surprise, I didn't wait as long as I expected based on the reviews. With over a decade in restaurant service as a manager and new store opener, I think the staff did well and moved with a sense of urgency. The place was kept clean the whole time I was there. My only complaint was the employee that was obviously on break chatting up another employee while she was restocking, effectively blocking the path for dinner customers to get napkins and ketchup. The burgers lack description and we both ordered regular bacon cheese burgers and received double burger patties. Im not complaining. I just don't know if that's what I will receive next time. 
Now, the reason I give this 3 stars: 
1) Bacon. It can make or break a good burger. The bacon on both mine and my husbands burgers were cooked very well done and crispy. They were very thin and small and being so overcooked absolutely ruined the flavor for us both. We both took the bacon off to finish the burger. It's a rare occasion that my husband will pass up bacon for any reason. I recommend you pass on it too. The burger is good without it.!
2) Price. I felt like $28 was a bit much for what we received. Had we known that a regular burger was a double, we would have ordered differently and lowered our expense but there was no indication that we were getting doubles. The food was good but nothing special for a burger joint. Company burger on freret has them beat hands down in price and taste.Service was good, got lots of extra fries and all staff I spoke with were friendly. My burger had a little too much mayo on it, but it hit the spot. Could've been cleaner and music was. Little too loud.
My one complaint is that the bespectacled manager was loudly yelling at his staff while I was eating. It seemed like he was giving direction but if any manager ever spoke to me the way he was speaking -- in front of guests, especially -- I would slap them in the face and walk out the door.One of the better burger options in Mid City. Definitely better than those fast food joints that will certainly make you regret those decisions. The service is always great here, very jubilant attitudes usually working.
If you've ever been to a Five Guys you should expect that same Five - Guy experience. I've always been satisfied with the outcomes here. The burgers are never overcooked, the fries are seasoned and taste like real potatoes, they've incorporated the fountain drink machine from the future, it's all pretty legit.
Oh and not to forget the complimentary peanuts you can help yourself to when walking in. I dig that little additive to their whole experience, it all works well. I'll usually do a bacon cheeseburger, dressed, with grilled onions and a little bbq sauce added.
A good choice. Do it.It's a novelty--like a new boat or car.  Our (a group from my company went there-so I got a good consensus). They said "only the fries are unique and have any value", & "if they keep making the burgers square with square sautéed onions the place is going to get mistaken for a Wendy's/Or Kastle burger"The burgers and fries are good and pretty fast, but the staff is very distant and seen like they don't really want to help you.For some reason this Five Guys wasn't as good as I remembered it to be when I tried it in Los Angeles and Phoenix. On the bright side the service was quick, they had already thrown two burger patties on the grill before my wife and I even ordered! It satisfied our craving for a good burger.Sorry, every burger joint in New Orleans, Five Guys is as good as it gets.  It's all in the simplicity and the freshness.  Five Guys knows what works and they stick to it.  Burgers, Fries, Hot Dogs (never tried one) and Sodas.  That's it.  
Hand cut french fries.  Fresh ground beef.  One of their claims to fame is the fact that they don't have freezers on the premises.  Everything is fresh and made to order.  You wait a few minutes for your order, but that's just a testament to the freshness of the product.  All toppings are included in the price of the burger, and you have some pretty awesome options to choose from (i.e. grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, grilled bell peppers, pickles, relish, A-1 sauce, BBQ sauce, mayo, lettuce, etc etc.)  
The fries, while hand cut and fresh, are not my favorite, and sometimes I just get the burger.  But if you get the fries, get the Cajun style fries.  They also have malt vinegar for dipping.  
And finally, they have two Coca Cola freestyle machines that offer the holy grail of hard to find soda, Diet Seagram's Ginger Ale.  My personal favorite.  
I like Port of Call.  I like Phil's Grill.  But I really like Five Guys, and if I'm gonna get a burger, this is where I want to get it at.Nicest people ever here. I dropped my credit card and realized it after I ordered and they just said don't worry about it and gave me a free meal. 
I can't speak highly enough about this location.
Thanks for being so understanding.3.5 stars
Having just recently tried Five Guys burger in the Ronald Reagan airport in DC, I was stoked to find out that we were getting one in Mid City.  I opted to wait a couple of weeks before I tried it out, as the lines were immense the 1st few days. 
After 2 weeks, the place still had a busy lunch crowd upon arrival.  However, once inside, even though the line was 15 people deep and the restaurant was packed, I was able to place my order in 5-6 minutes and my food arrived (placed on the counter) in approximately 10-12 minutes.  Not too bad considering the place was jam packed.  While we waited for our food, we helped ourselves to the endless supply of salted peanuts, which helped pass the time.
Out of ignorance, I made the mistake in DC of ordering a cheeseburger and didn't realize that it was double beef.  So this time, I ordered a little hamburger (single beef) and opted for no bun (lettuce wrap), no cheese and no mayo.  I know it sounds a little bland, but with the grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, green pepper and jalapeno peppers, it wasn't too shabby.  
However, Five Guys should take a lesson from In-n-Out or Jimmy John's and learn the proper way to form a lettuce wrap.  My wrap fell to pieces as soon as I picked it up and I had to resort to a knife and fork; which was a little weak as far as I am concerned.  The good thing is that like Jimmy John's, any burger or hot dog can be had as a wrap.  So for all you carb conscious folks, this is the way to go.  On a side note, with all the different condiment options, their website claims that there are 250,000 possible ways to order a burger.  Perhaps I'll test their knowledge and order one burger dressesd "every which way".  My luck, they'll be up to the task and hit me up with a million dollar receipt.  ;)
We also split an order of "little" cajun fries and there was enough fries at the bottom of the bag (their trademarked move) to fill us both.  The cajun fries were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked and piping hot; and I highly recommend them. 
Another cool feature is the Coca Cola Freesytle touchscreen dispenser, which features 125 different beverages.  My favorite is the Coca Cola cherry vanilla Zero, which IMHO doesn't even taste like a diet soda.  But I digress.  It's just a really cool machine.
All in all, this is a good burger joint and I was surprised at how clean the place was (restrooms too) given how crowded it was.  I plan on a return trip very soon.  Perhaps they'll get that elusive half star (4 stars) and make me a true fan.First of all, it was so bright in here that I felt overwhelmed just walking in. We ordered the regular burgers and large fries, which were both so much bigger than I had anticipated. I went in after spending the afternoon drinking beer at NOLA on Tap so I was beer-hungry and I still couldn't finish the fries. The burger was pretty good and I like all the toppings but the fries were so unsatisfying. They had no taste and making a fried potato taste good is fairly easy. My husband liked them though so maybe I'm just off. I was also shocked at how long it took everything to come out. They were busy but only putting out one order every 4-5 minutes. I think we finally got our food after 20 minutes. It's ok and I might go back but it's not high on my list.I couldn't have been more thrilled that a Five Guys was *finally* opening in New Orleans! But so far, this location is a disappointment. The food quality is exactly as you would expect (delicious!), but the service is terrible. 
Because I am a Five Guys junky, I've already been several times, and each visit was plagued by the same problems. First, it takes for-freaking-ever to get your food. Every time it is literally over 30 minutes from coming in through the door until you get your order in hand. Second, they keep screwing up the orders. In the 20+ minutes I was waiting for my food the other night, I watched as multiple customers went back up to the counter to complain that their toppings, cheese, and/or bacon requests had been ignored. Sure enough, my burger had also been incorrectly prepared, but I didn't see any point in seeking a solution since I had already been there for 40 minutes. 
I have been eating at Five Guys since it first came on the scene as a local chain in Arlington, VA. In the years since, I have eaten at Five Guys locations in four states and Washington, DC. At least two of the locations I frequented in the past had an even greater number of customers per minute than this location, which is admittedly slammed on a regular basis. At other locations, I have never encountered such slow service, and I have never once had a problem with my order being filled correctly. This NOLA location needs to pull it together. There are plenty of burger joints in this town that provide higher quality ingredients, a more comfortable dining experience, and get your meal in front of you within ten minutes of ordering. 
All I can say is that I look forward to the glorious day when this location shapes up, and I can come back to update this review. In the meantime, it's going to be awhile before I venture over there again.My first time at five guys and I can honestly say that I would rather go here then MacDonald's or any burger joint .I put Cajun season on my fries and it was delicious and the prices were considerable since all topping are free. I even got a free drink and free refills and they had a large selection of drinks . I brought my whole family along and everyone loved it even my six year old nephew . the place was a lot cleaner than alot of fast food places I have been to.Not sure why I would have to pay for extra for another patty just to make it a normal sized burger? It's not like it's all that good to start with. I felt like I was eating mainly bun. 
The restroom reminds of a damp cave. The floor was slippery and everything felt sticky.Went at lunch on Monday, they were out of f#*^ing buns! How can you stay in business being this stupid?Made another trip to this place and ordered correctly this time. Got the hamburger junior (one patty not two) which is plenty. Combine that with a small fry, that serves two, and you're good to go. Oh yea, free peanuts rule. Pricier than usual fast food, but also a whole lot better. It's nosy as hell inside, so don't go looking for any "atmosphere" or a quite dinner. But who cares, right?I tried this place today and it was TERRIBLE!
The atmosphere is very cold and boring. Plain white walls with some newspaper clippings hung up. They could do much better with this space. Atmosphere: C
The prices are OUTRAGEOUS!  I ordered a small cheeseburger (the patty couldn't have been over 6 oz), a small order of fries, and a bottled water. My total was $9.75!  Value:  D-
The food was terrible. My fries were room temperature and burger was cold!  The cheese wouldn't even melt slightly. I brought the burger back and asked for a new one. The second try wasn't much better.  I ate a few fries and a couple bites of the burger because I was pretty hungry, then threw the rest in the garbage. The burgers are seriously better at fast food joints at half the price. Food:  F
There's no way I'd recommend this place or ever return. And considering it was empty on a Sunday afternoon, I'm thinking others feel the same way.
If you want a great burger in mid city, go to Boo Koo BBQ & Burgers. If you want to branch out of mid city, pretty much every other burger place you can think of is better than this.My favorite burger! 
The only place that has my combination I put on burgers at home- A1 and jalapenos!Expensive but very very good burgers.
First, I'm knocking off a star because no matter what I cannot seem to get a burger without tomatoes. I've told them what I've wanted on it - still ended up with tomatoes. I've explicitly said NO TOMATOES!!!! and still gotten them on it. It's not a big deal for me to pull them off since they are the fresh thick sliced kind but still.
Now that's out of the way - mommy mode activate!
They don't have kids meals here and the the little burger is too much for my little ones. Same with the regular fries. Even the drinks are too big. They will cut the burgers in half and wrap them separately if you ask. I recommend sharing fries and drinks if you've got little ones. A regular size fry works well for me and my two girls (5 & 6yrs). I really wish they'd get some non stool seating for outdoors. The kids love eating outside but hate the stools. 
Dining are is super clean, ladies room is close quarters but clean and well stocked.  Staff are super nice to kids and will stop by for a chat while cleaning the dining area.I don't see the big deal. Smashburger (chain) does a better burger. Company Burger (local joint) does a far superior burger. Burger King (mega-chain) does better fries. Everyone does better decor and better staff. 
I suppose, if you want a quiet place to eat a burger that's not objectionable, this is it. If you want to see everything that's going in your mouth, this is also your joint. It's expansive and well-lit. (But really, is that a compliment?)
Coke Freestyle machines round out this experience. My burger was just fine, thank you. The fries were terrible. The peanuts were superfluous. The bathrooms are tiny, and I think that plastering all of their press all over the restaurant is tacky. 
Accessibility notes: doors open out. Loose peanuts in the restaurant. No Braille menu or signage. Counter is high. Well-lit. Can get loud at peak hours.Now thats a tasty burger!!!!  Fries are the bomb too.  Service a little slow but worth the wait.You guys gave me a complete wrong order. Gave me 2 cheese burgers with just lettuce and tomato instead of bacon cheese burgers. And a little fry instead of a regular fry. So technically you took money from me. I called to talk to the manager and they put me on hold for 10 minutes, then hung up the phone. I keep trying to call and they send me straight to voicemail. This is terrible business.Great burgers packed with the greasy bag of fries. Honestly a small fry is good enough for two people to share. The burgers are freshly made and you are able to watch them being made which is great. The people working at this location are very friendly and fast as well. I will return!Unbelievable.   We ordered $45 worth of food.  3 burgers, hot dog and grilled cheese.   While their system is easy to use, with many refinements with different condiments., it would be easier if they read the order when preparing.   Plain is plain! When calling for a manager,  the manager just handed me to an order taker crew person.   No customer service from him on Saturday night 0600 PM
Won't go back to Five Guys again. My burger was missing grilled onions.  Guess they just make it like they like their burgers.So good! Fast delivery on UberEats. Bacon cheeseburger just the way I like. Cajun fries are a must. My brother had the burger bowl and turned it into a salad. Perfection.Five Guys has a lot going for it. Online ordering, plentiful free toppings, fresh cut fries, massive ketchup dispensers, and free peanuts are all things you find at your traditional fast food joint. But even with all those extras, it's still a fast food joint.
Is the burger better than a typical fast food joint? Yes
Is the burger better than any number of cooked to order burger joints? Negative
That's my main issue with the Five Guys chain in general. They have numerous articles adorning their walls that heap praise upon what I'd consider a pretty average burger. All burgers are cooked at least medium well on a flatop grill. While moist, they come off as greasy instead of juicy like a typical hand formed patty would. 
Ordering fries? Expect a giant bagful if you order a large. I think that's one of the reasons many people like this place so much. Sure the fries are good, but not a giant bagful good.
So what is all this generic speak in a John LH review? I just wanted to give some background before getting into the well done meat and fresh cut potatoes of the review. 
So the other day I decided I wanted something different for lunch. BBQ and Subway salads are good, but I needed something else. I remembered Five Guys would do a burger without a bun so I ordered online and headed there to pick it up. 
The online ordering was super easy and when I arrived my order was ready at the counter a short time later. The burger salad was pretty good and met that something else for lunch craving I had.
One of my major complaints about this store is more to do with the city than the business itself, but it bears mentioning. The side of the building has been converted into bike path and there is no good place to park. I scored a spot about a block away, but it doesn't really make it convenient to run it, get food, and leave.
There you have it. Five Guys in Mid City. Three stars. The end.I've eaten their burgers a couple of times. Once after Jazz Fest... 
Maybe because I was tired and ravenous but it was tremendously satisfying. 
So....
I tried it a second time (through Uber eats) and ordered the same thing. 
I got a bacon cheeseburger "all the way". 
All the way refers to a set list of condiments, or toppings. You can also pick and choose on line. Pretty easy. 
Small fries.
THE FOOD:
Yes, the bacon cheeseburger is awesome and tasty and juicy and BIG. 
The ingredients and meat and bun are fresh, and really good. 
Pretty darn good fries too.
In the restaurant,  they have baskets of peanuts to munch on while you wait for food. Neato!This is the Five Guys in Mid-City Marketplace. North Carrollton Avenue at the Lafitte Greenway (St. Louis Street). Food is amazing and fries are fresh cut and never frozen. Staff is friendly and amazing!!! This is my favourite location!!! I love my Five Guys!!!!! 5/5!!!I came here yesterday for a quick lunch.  First off I think they are way too expensive.  Mom and I got small cheeseburgers 2 drinks and split fries.  $22.00.  The burger had zero flavor.  Mom's burgers was doused in way too much mayo.  The fries were over salty.  Parking is a nightmare as well!Yhis is a great five guys, joyful staff, great burger, will Definitely be back to this location!!I fight with myself because I love the burgers but this is considered a paycheck meal for me. The burgers are like 9$ and then the fries ranges between $ 4-5. Service is nice and friendly. The food is fresh and delicious . very clean facility overall.the fries are good. The Burger's meat is really good. I enjoy the fact that jalapeños are free to add on. No.bad complaints at all.This was an awesome experience. I was in the area, as usual, and decided to see what the hype was about. I made today my cheat day and wanted something to make it worth my while. 
I stopped by and there wasn't much of a line and Gill was very friendly, kind, and patient as I made my decision. 
I was pleased to see there's complementary peanuts and also the soda machine is a digital touch screen. The dining area was super clean and the smell of all beef patties filled the air. I ended up with a bacon double cheeseburger and fries. The fries was hot and crispy and the Burger was lustful and juicy. I'm full as I type this review and will definitely come back, on my next cheat day. And shout out to Gill for the awesome service.Food is alright, but the ladies restroom smells like they've been cleaning it with a moldy mop that hasn't been washed in months. Seriously gagging upon entry at the smell of straight up funk!Soggy fries. When you're only serving two items - burgers & fries - it seems like you could get them both right.They put sugar on my fries instead of salt. Wasn't bad, but I don't think that's an actual recipe they're supposed to make.Always hot and fresh. Always good food. Sometimes a bit of a wait. I would order it then pick it up to avoid that. Friendly thoughThe worse customer service ever. I go here regularly. I live in the neighborhood . I usually only go when I'm on a budget. But I get sick of them closing a hour early just so they can leave. The job isn't done until business hours is over. This is a huge problem. I just called outside the door to place a phone order due to corona an I literally watched the girl pick the phone up an hang up on me. It was so rude an unnessacary. The people they hire take no pride into making the food or makin the customer feel appreciated .It gets upsetting spending my  hard earned money on food at a establishment that doesn't appreciate my money. I wouldn't recommend people going to this place. I don't usually do this. Only when it's needed.I visited this location today and was highly disappointed. Although employees are wearing gloves and masks, it's defeats the purpose if you text on your phone while making people's food.
I could not today and when I asked for a refund it was attitude city. I just tossed it, I figured it would be a donation.easy quick tasty burgers - great servers and cooks; fresh made not on the shelf. right price.