Been eating here for 20 years.. Somehow the quality has went down and the prices have went up..  Hopefully one day 5 Happiness will get it's act together.  Best avoid for now until they stop producing bland chinese like but really not food.Excellent from beginning to the end! I'm questioning the validity of the negative reviews here.  The hostess was nice and seated us at a booth near a window. I'm assuming this is the older mean lady in the negative reviews. Our waitress was friendly and suggested appetizers. We had the coconut shrimp and it was great. Our chicken fried rice and beef and broccoli were very good as well. It's a Sunday and this place is crowded with what appear to be locals. Everyone looks as happy with their meal as we were with ours.Best Chinese actually within the New Orleans city limits.  Everything on the menu and special board is grade A fantastic.  I've never had a single bad item here in years and years and years of faithful patronage.  They deliver too, but at the cost of freshness (which is important in great Chinese).  Dine in for a great setting and superior food.The restaurant was clean and well kept.  The service was lackluster.  The food was ok, and the egg drop soup that everyone seems to rave about was equally so.  Maybe it was just the night we went.  I'm willing to give it another try.Great food terrible drinks. I ordered a mojito, it came with no mint which was awful, a mojito needs mint it's part of the drink so disappointed. Everything else was great but don't sell a mojito that is clearly not a mojito.Five Happiness is the Chinese food of childhood...only a little fancier.  They've done a great renovation on the inside and it's really pretty, but you pay for the pretty in the prices.  Because of all the smaller rooms, it's a great place to bring a large group.
I'm a big fan of the shrimp toast and the moo shu.  My niece got the triple dragon and really liked it.  
Plus they have all the ridiculous 1950s tiki style drinks.  And even the shirley temple comes with a fans & fruit.Egg Drop Soup, was good. The Poo Poo Platter's serving size is a little weird. You get 2 of ea & to make it 3 of ea. It's like an extra $4.. The shrimp toast was awesome!! General TSO Chicken was good. The lunch size plate was enormous!There have been so many Chinese restaurants in New Orleans over the years. Many have come and gone but there is a reason Five Happiness is still here, consistency and quality. This isn't an "Asian-fusion" place, it is a place to go when you think of traditional Chinese food.This place has the best Chinese food. Their wonton soup is amazing. I have tried other Chinese restaurants but 5 Happiness is my favorite. Their food is always fresh and delicious. So many items I have eaten and always enjoyed it.We have been driving past Five Happiness for over 20 years and never stopped in to give it a try, until tonight, and we are very glad we did.  The service and food were great!  We love Chinese Food, and we have found it hard to find good Chinese Food in the region.  Five Happiness is the place.  It has been open for 37 years which says a lot about the quality of the food and service.  We ordered hot tea, egg rolls, Shrimp Fried Rice and Kung Pao Chicken.  The portions where huge, and we were able to bring a large amount home with us.  Everything was very good, and we will be back again!Always great service! We walked right in and were seated immediately. Our waiter was friendly and personable. The food was hot and yummy. I had the Hunan Shrimp. It was tasty with just the right amount of spice.Unfortunately New Orleans does not offer a wide selection of quality Chinese cuisines, so Five Happiness is my preference. My husband and I arrived on a Monday night, 20 minutes before closing, & was seated without question. I have been coming here for many years and ordering the same thing.  My husband & I share and still have enough to take home to our kids. 
Menu for the past twenty years:
Appetizer- One order of egg rolls (2 rolls)
1 order of shrimp fried rice
Main dish- Shrimp in Lobster Sauce 
My beverage- Hot Green Tea with a slice of lemon
The hot green tea helps with digestion. 
Location & Parking- The area is dimly lit so like most places in New Orleans you must extra vigilant and please don't leave valuables visible in your vehicle. There is a security guard posted outside of the restaurant. 
Overall I have not been disappointed.
I love the ambience, decor, americanized Chinese staff, and delicious food. It is casual dress & great for couples & groups.Hands down the VERY BEST Chinese food in New Orleans year after year and every bit as good as any Chinese restaurant in the country!!!
It's THE PLACE the Chinese community goes to eat and congregate as do Chinese visitors to the city. Need I say more!
The food is perfection and to die for. The portions are huge and the prices are very reasonable. The service, ambiance and the attention paid by the owners (Peggy and Rose) to detail and the individual customers make every meal both fun and unforgettable.This is one of the best restaurants I've been to in my life.  I've eaten there twice on visits to New Orleans.  Amazing Chinese food.  The best, fastest service I've ever experienced. Great, fast cocktails.  Very reasonably priced.  Big, yummy portions.  Did I mention how good the service is? The service is the BEST!Oh five hapiness :( I use too love your food it was the only place i would even think to order from.Over the last few yrs the food has went down.My mom and dad use to go there 20 yrs ago and their was the owner walking around and if there was a problem she was right on it.Last 3 times we ordered food was no beuno:( Kind of pricey but was so worth it ,but not now oh how i will miss yaTasty but not authentic.  Even the stuff ordered off the secret Chinese menu was not authentic. 
I had a beef dish that roughly translates to dry-pan stir-fried beef, a Szechuan dish.  It came with carrots which was just weird, and was super salty, and not at all spicy.  But being a semi-fried meat, it did still taste good.  
The sauteed green beans were doused in some kind of gooey brown sauce.  I ordered it with garlic sauce, expecting it to just be garlic, but alas...maybe I should have specified NO sauce, just garlic.  My american friends thought it was delicious though.  
The three-delights soup had big chunks of broccoli and carrots.  It was otherwise unmemorable.  
Peking duck (which is on both menus) could have been seasoned a bit more.  They do provide wraps, sauce and green onion to wrap the duck in--but the wrap was a straight up tortilla!  If you've never had real Peking duck it all tasted fine, but the wraps are supposed to be a thin, delicate crepe so the feel and texture was all wrong.  It just showed me that they don't make an effort to be authentic.  
As their clientele mostly can't tell the difference, I guess I can't blame them.  ( I know that makes me sound obnoxious, but it's true...my American friends really thought it all tasted great)  I just had my hopes up since the secret Chinese menu is actually written only in Chinese, meaning that you have to have some understanding of Chinese language, and hence culture, to even order off of it.  For all that effort I might as well have gone to P.F. Chang.I have eaten here many times in the past.  It is with our t a doubt the best chinese food i have ever had.  The atmosphere is serene and great for a date night or a small party.  I tell everyone that this is a must visit if they visit New Orleans!
Cons
Waiter was not very attentive.  The lady that was bussing the tables around us was by far better.
You should be able to have your choice of fried rice with the dinner platter.  My husband is allergic to shrimp so he could only get white or brown rice because you can't get any other fried rice :(Consistent and great food. Their soup is also very good. Large restaurant, so there is plenty of seating. Casual dress or jeans. Their decor is very nice, especially the kimono hanging up in the main dining room.Always a great dining experience. Food is excellent. Very consistent. Service is fantastic. Love the mandarin chicken. My boyfriend got the moo shu pork. I love the two sauces that they bring out to every table.Called in an order for hot and sour soup and egg rolls on Thursday 10/12. The soup was good as usual but the egg rolls were sitting in a pool of oil in the togo box. No hot mustard or sauce came with the order. Last time I had similar issues with their food. Last time for me to order from them.I really enjoy eating at Five Happiness.  I have never had anything I didn't like.  From the egg drop soup to the fortune cookie.  Everything is always fresh & hot.  The wait staff has always been satisfactory to me.  Love this place!!Great food great service. Best Chinese restaurant in the city. I would recommend anyone to try it once. It looks small and simple from outside but it's actually very classy inside. I came for lunch but will come back for a nice dinner with friends again.I absolutely love their food. It's healthy (you can ask to have it cooked without MG), fresh, tastes great and I never get tired of it (delivery).I love 5 Happiness!! their Vegetable soup is sooooo good!!! & recently they have added a Cool (Summer?) menu - tonite I got the Asparagus & Chicken mmmm - sooooo good!!!! I also have tried their Eggplant something - it is HEAVEN . . . it is just a bunch of eggplant cooked in a brown sauce, it was a special, sorry I can't remember the name but it is sooooo awesome! & another fav of mine is the Citrus Chicken - de-lish!!! the wait staff are fantabulous!!!!Five Happiness has always our go to stop when we visit New Orleans. The food is always "right on" and the service was impeccable. Can't wait for my next visit to the Big Easy to indulge in some more Five Happiness.It used to be a pretty decent restaurant to visit a few years ago, but it has since declined in quality. The ingredients are third tier now, they are definitely cutting corners. Like, no crab in the crab rangoon type of stuff. I could eat here if I was very hungry and didn't want to search anywhere else...Decent food in a pretty good environment if you care to dine in. The restaurant has been catering to locals and local businesses for years so it has a pretty established customer base. The downside is that, some dishes have gone down a bit in quality over the years.Compared to most Asian places in New Orleans Five Happiness is really good.  I usually get the General's chicken and am not disappointed.  I think the fried rice could be better, and it is a bit on the pricey side but over all it's pretty good.  Oh, and if you're looking for authentic Chinese food this is not the place.  Otherwise you'll probably enjoy yourself.Best chinese in the city, probably.  But Christ, we're in New Orleans.  The chinese food in the city sucks!  Five Happiness tries it's best in a city with no love.Great Chinese food and they deliver to old Metairie.  Only problem is their prices are a bit high.  Food is great though.Hands down the best Chinese Restaurant here in NOLA. YES it's a little pricier than your average Chinese Restaurant but it's totally worth it. They do Chinese dishes with a little twist. Try the Crispy Pepper Beef OMG it's so good, if you want something light you can try their lettuce wraps. Their menu has a large selection of Chinese cuisine and if you want to customize your dish just simply ask the server and they'll do it for you like if you wanna switch up the sauces you can totally do it. One of my favorite dish is the CITRUS chicken and it has a sweet, tangy and spicy sauce to it definitely a must try and Oh don't forget to also try their TIKI bowl cocktail. Make sure to share it with someone because you might end up drunk at the end of your meal. LOL!!! 
This restaurant has been open for 30 years now and it has a local following so it will be here to stay and the owners are friendly, service is fast but if they are busy be ready to wait a little longer. Go try it and ask for server named Tommy or Carlo. Best servers we've had. And for those who said they have nothing GOOD at Five Happiness clearly there's something wrong with them because this restaurant is probably older than you and it's gonna be here forever and it's here to stay.  CIAO!!!  :)Delicious menu and helpful staff.  Sketchy part of town.Been living in NOLA for about 6 years now and I havn't stopped coming here.  The lunch specials come out quick, the food is always delicious.  I can have a great meal and be back at work in less than an hour.  PERFECT!I'm seriously astounded by all the positive reviews. 
$24 for two lunch specials is egregious for this kind of restaurant. I suppose I'd be ok with that if my spicy dishes were, you know, spicy. Or if my "fresh" vegetables weren't so obviously frozen. Or if my beef wasn't so fatty. Or if my egg rolls weren't so greasy. Or if my shrimp fried rice had any sort of taste to it.
Or if we had eaten somewhere else.The food tastes like oil and plastic. Horrible Restaurant... Its suppose to be the best in New Orleans.. but the worse compare to anywhere else. 
We had 4 different dishes.. and they all tasted the same and looked the same. 
The mushroom I had in one of the dishes.. seriously tasted like plastic! I was scared after I ate it!
We ended up NOT eating our food and moved on. The waitress was nice and tried to accommodate us she felt bad.. but there is nothing she could.. she is not the Chef! 
It was sad we had to spend all this money. 
Seems like it was hard to find good food in New Orleans!The food here is good and the portions are large - you can basically split a dinner entree between 2 people so that's kind of cool :)
HOWEVER the service here is horrible! I have been to this place about 5-6 times and there was only ONE waiter who wasn't totally oblivious to the fact that he/she had a table of people waiting to order, waiting on their drinks, waiting on their foods, getting the check and to go boxes. Each and every time besides that ONE awesome experience I've had to go ask the people at the counter for my check and to go boxes because the waiter somehow forgets they have a table for OVER AN HOUR.......
If i go back here it'll probably be for take out because like i said the food here is pretty good but I think this place would seriously benefit by checking on their customer's tables more often. ALSO there will be plenty of open spaces inside of the restaurant, but they will still place people RIGHT next to each other; the last time I went the table next to us was not even a foot away and no one at our table could even hear each other over their constant chatter, so that was pretty miserable especially since there were MANY other open tables :/
Vegetarian eggrolls are an A+ though ;)Enter the foyer of this establishment and you think, "huh, seems nice.". Well, I guess we'll see, won't we??
They offer local craft beers like coors and coors light. 
Feeling seafood? Try some delicious seafood from New Orleans' many oceans.
Overlooking historic Kenny's house, this classic location features a mixed income aesthetic and classic Deep South Chinese fare.Best hot & sour soup anywhere I've had in the states. Their Peking eggplant (no pork) with brown rice is pretty yummy too. I've eaten many items but these are the only wow items I've found. 
The last few times I've order take out, the delivery gets worse and worse. Assume 30 more minutes than quoted. Stopped adding silverware, plates, napkins, sauces, etc too. I recommend pickup.This is a good eat in Chinese restaurant; the service was amazing. The food, though it is served in generous portions wasn't really all it was talked up to be... It was good but just not great.
I ordered the hunan shrimp; when it arrived I could see that they were by no means skimpy on the shrimp. The food went down smooth but really lacked any good seasoning to spice things up.
That afternoon I had a terrible headache; I did some research and discovered that the food this restaurant cooks contains MSG!!! I just don't get why so many Chinese can't comprehend its dangers; its a POISON for anybody. Some people are more resilient to MSG's short term effects than others but ultimately it toxicity has been long shown. PLEASE LISTEN TO YOUR CUSTOMERS AND STOP USING IT!
Some of my family has informed me that you can request that they not use MSG in your food... but really... thats not something you should have to ask!
Though I really wanted to like this place I just cannot recommend it...We are always looking for reasons to get back to Five Happiness! My mom and I LOVE the chicken with black mushrooms, snap peas & shoots. The mushrooms are tender & so flavorful. Do yourself a favor and order some egg rolls to take home with you. They are divine!!I came here because i had to get my car fix right next door. This place is not good at all. For the price you pay. You rather go to a small chinese place and eat togo. Which will be way better. This place isnt worth your money. Your paying for the setting and not food.This place is a New Orleans institution and two back-to-back visits have shown me why. It's really delicious -- even the takeout holds up (I find that takeout is never a fair assessment of a restaurant since the food steams and doesn't compare to fresh from the kitchen dishes). General chicken, crab rangoon, and shrimp toast are the standouts, although dishes like chicken with hot garlic sauce compare to the best Chinese in NYC. Even their spicy mustard condiment is great.
The bar is great too, and they offer silly things like tiki bowls and tasty classic umbrella'd cocktails.
Agreed with other posters that it is pricey, but keep in mind that the portions are huge and you can easily get 2-3 meals out of one order. 
I believe they do still use MSG so be sure to specify no MSG when you order, otherwise if you have a craving for Chinese food that's slightly above your corner joint, give 5 Happiness a try.I'm not Chinese.  So lets not be confused about that.  I am however, Asian American (I'm so Americanized I don't really feel I need to specify) and have lived in areas with high concentrations of Chinese people/cuisine (LA, Chicago, NY).  I also love Chinese food.  Five Happiness has decent "Chinese food".  
I'm not hating on Five Happiness.  I eat here a couple times a month.  The portion sizes are good, the food tastes pretty good, albeit not really what I think of when I think of Chinese food.  I've had conversations with friends about this and I can't quite put my finger on what it is that makes their food taste almost "sterile" or "cookie cutter".  
I agree with everyone who says this is the best Chinese food in New Orleans though.  But that's like winning a race against a dead cat....or something.Atmosphere is better than its neighbor Chinese Kitchen but the food is slightly below, just slightly.  But you can't lose with this restaurant.  Very nice right on Carrolton by Xavier university.  If you don't feel like sitting down you can get take out.  great rice and lo mein dishes and the Mo Gai platter is very good.You know, living in NOLA as long as I did I kind of became jaded at first figuring that while New Orleans had a great food scene, it was just in Cajun/Creole cuisine and little else.
Then I went to Five Happiness.
I eventually realized how many great Asian establishments there are down south. While I never got to Trey Yuen on the Northshore (too far) I always enjoyed going to FiveHap. Never had anything bad here and the Crawfish Fried Rice in particular was outstanding. Of course, desserts weren't a speciality here but they usually aren't at Chinese places. Still, it was miles ahead of PF Chang's and most other Chinese places I had been to previously in other cities. If it's still around after Katrina, you gotta go.I eat here once or twice a month. I'm a big seafood eater and by far this place has the best crawfish meal I've tasted outside of the normal. Fried then Sautéed Crawfish Tails in a Brown Sauce with no vegetables and white rice. It's an excellent, filling meal. A must try if you are a fan of crawfish. The meals here are all great and the dining area is real elegant.I live in the university area and got delivery from 5 happiness twice. I got the General Tso's chicken both times. Both times delivery was about 20-40 minutes. The food was hot and tasted good. The plate of food i get is enough to fill me up 3 different times!!!!!! So it is very well priced. Go to China doll on the westbank if yu can...but 5 happiness is good if you are on this side of town and need delivery.Great place for delivery, and they will travel as far as where Central City meets the CBD and Lower Garden district.  It's Americanized recognizable stuff, but enjoyable and filling.The food is consistently good. The service is consistently bad. I am writing this review from my couch and in front of me is $30 of  food that is wrong and was served with a side of condescension, rudeness, and misinformation. I asked twice what vegetables were in the dish and was told that the one to which I am allergic is not included. I explicitly added that I did not want that vegetable in my food. Of course, there it is. Every phone call or encounter is difficult and curt. I like the food, but I truly hate giving these people my business and money.I walked in to place an order to go and there were 3 people taking orders and answering phones  no one spoke just gave us a dirty look sorry that you had to do your job.I think it was the owner walking around Ms .Rose if you are in fact the owner your staff needs to be trained in customer.I ordered 2 apps Crab Rangoon nothing but cream cheese i didn't see a piece of crab at all .The shrimp toast was so greasy i could have squeezed it and the oil would have just poured out.20 bucks for 2 apps not worth the money it was a waste of money.5 Hapiness you have  changed and for the worse.I was looking forward to a great meal. Instead, after explicitly requesting NO MSG, I came away with a severe reaction to MSG. They insisted no MSG. But, I can tell you I was indeed dosed with a large amount of MSG. I know what MSG poisoning feels like. This was SEVERE. Never going back.Yum, just yum. This place sets the standard for Chinese food in New Orleans. The pot stickers are huge and numerous (not to mention yummy). Oh, and the Mai Tais are REALLY good. Best fried rice in history - try the pork or shrimp, both are excellent. The moo shoo pork reminds me of what Mrs Lee used to make for us when we visited as kids. Phenomenal. Their specials are consistently good - try one and see!  You won't regret it.The place was slammed when we got there but we were there just to put in a to-go order.  They were really fast.  The staff was also extremely nice even though they were so busy.  
food was awesome.  tons of if too.  just got the standard combo stuff; mandarin chicken with fried rice and an egg roll.  really good.  and tons of it.
my lady got the shrimp and veggies and that was really good too.  well priced too for the quality and speed.  no complains.  i'll do it again in a heatbeat and try something new.My friend and I tried to order from here. We were Freret St and they refused to come here because Tulane had a football game today. Even though the game has been over for hours and Freret never closes. We overheard the girl talking to the driver, and he said he didn't want to drive there. Never ordering from hear again. Lazy driver that needs to be fired because he's costing the restaurant money.It is Americanized Chinese food, but I think that goes without saying. It seems to be a popular place for a business lunch because they are pretty fast. Although, I am not sure why every goes gaga over this place. The quality of the food is good and the fried chicken does not have a gross heavy hard batter so thats a plus. The rice is very bland with no flavor. The egg rolls are small and sad. The wonton soup is pretty good. My favorite thing is the kung poa shrimp but they don't offer it on the lunch menu.Solid experience all-around - very good Americanized Chinese.  Egg rolls came out with lightning speed and were greasy, but very good.  Entrees (sweet & sour pork, eggplant & pork in garlic sauce) were also solid and portions were huge (yielded enough for three additional small lunch meals).  Service was excellent and restaurant was spacious.  We were cautioned about the safety of the location by a local firefighter, but parking was well lit and a security guard posted.I was pleasantly surprised by this restaurant, almost like being in the SF Bay area where good Chinese food abounds!
The pot stickers were huge and handmade and come in a generous 7, not 6 or 4 ! The hot and sour soup, was a little bland and could have had more mushrooms and fewer bamboo shoots but it was ok. The Shrimp Mu shu was very nice with loads of veggies shredded very thin and the plum sauce was delicious to go with and the thin pancakes were well done. 
The waitress was fast and very attentive 
Finding good Chinese in NOLA can be quite a challenge, I will certainly go back again.First visit was okay! Fast service ! Nice atomosphere. I placed and picked up a to go order at the bar. Took about 15. The serving portions are pretty large. Two people can share an entree. I had the mandarin chicken, fried rice and an egg roll. The food was just okay. It didn't really wow my taste buds. I would go back and maybe try something different.Coming from California and being able to have chinese in China town (or anywhere in the bay) this place is just bleh. 
And for my first dining experience after moving to NOLA, I wasn't impressed. The service wasn't up to par or professional. My noodles were cold when they arrived, and the rest of the food just wasn't right.
Probably won't be coming back on my own choice.I've eaten here several times over the past couple of years including yesterday.  I was surprised to find that I had never written a review.  
Lots of free parking is available including the Pep Boys next door.  There are two buildings, one is the restaurant, one is the banquet room.  
The restaurant is pretty nice.  Not a surprise, Chinese decor.  It is always dark and cool.  The fabric in the booths is nearing the end of it's useful life, might be time to think about a little freshening.  I can't think of many nice sit-down dinner type Chinese restaurants in the area.  In fact, other than PF Changs, I can't think of any.  Maybe I need to look a little harder.
The service was excellent as usual.  We were seated immediately and drink orders were taken promptly.  They have a large menu, nothing spectacular, pretty much all the things you would find in a Chinese restaurant.  
The food quality runs from average to very good and, frankly, is not consistent from visit to visit.  Some days it is very good, some days not.  Yesterday, the pot stickers were good, they could have been a little warmer.  The egg rolls were no more than average although they did come with a great scorching hot horseradish/mustard dip.   The Hunan Deluxe was a nice large mix of shrimp, chicken, snap peas, those little corn ears, mushrooms but a very disappointing lack of heat.  I thought this was supposed to be spicy.  Ditto the Generals Chicken - large serving, OK taste, no heat.  None.  Nada.  Very disappointing.
4 stars for service, atmosphere and value, 2 stars for the food.    
A little over $50 for dinner, drinks and tip for two.Five Happiness serves the highest quality Chinese food in the greater Orleans area. They serve dishes full of fresh ingredients with consistency. Some of my favorite dishes are the Jade and pearl beef- the scallops are super yummy & the combo fried rice- not greasy at all. Give Five Happiness a try the next time you crave Chinese food. You won't be disappointedIt's great. I'm not sure what other people's problem is, there is nothing close by but trashy Mandarin restaurants to choose from. 5 Happiness is the standard, the rest just roll out whatever they decide to call food for the day.I actually had a pretty negative image about this place from past visits for dinner. Came here for business dinner with my work people and they usually served us at one of those private room at the back. Service was always good but the food was so freaking salty with soy sauce galore. BUT I went for lunch today thanks to my friend's suggestion and I must say I have changed my view. 
Lunch here is quite an amazing deal! I had Chicken with garlic sauce. Tons of veggies and great portion for price. On top of that, it comes with soup too! The service was great again. Left overs nicely packed and given to us when we were heading out. Order came out as we asked and it was not so salty this time so I do see myself coming back for lunch again. Never had an issue for parking spot. 
Ambiance wise, it is one of the nicest chinese food place in New Orleans up to my knowledge. Very clean. They have a full bar as well. 
Recommended for lunch overall. Take out chinese food in general are preferred for some people due to its low price but considering that Five happiness lunch plate is less than $10, i would come here for comfortable sitting and service.What happened to their pork fried rice quality?They must have different cooks recently because it is terrible.The rice is mealy and their is no seasoning whatsover.This place used to be a benchmark for good chinese cuisine but after the last couple of attempts(i always get pork fried rice with a couple of other things),I will be going to yungs in kenner or even chinese kitchen a couple of blocks down from 5 happiness.Get your rice corrected please!Lunch specials are the best prices for lots of food. But the food is so good I come back and pay dinner prices too. The vegetable soup and Hunan shrimp are my go tos.Best chinese take-out - hands down. I'm not fond of the ambience of this place, but take-out here is DEE-licious. All of the time. My favs are the crab rangoons, fried pot stickers, sesame chicken (non-spicy), fried rice. Sweet and Sour shrimp. All great! 
Like most places in NOLA, parking is limited.This is your stereotypical chinese restaurant, on an old school level.  The food is good and the atmoshere is nice.  It's nothing extrodinary, but it will definitely satisfy your chinese cravings.  I prefer a little more umph in my chinese food, but my friends love the place.  I thik alot of people like to go here because of the nastalgia.  I personally remember my dad taking me here as a child and we ordered the po-po platter and got a fancy umbrella in my drink.  Good times!!
Great place for family dining!!5 Happiness Restaurant isnt all that great. To me, their food tastes like any other Chinese food take out, just pricey. I don't get how this restaurant is usually packed. I've tasted better Chinese food than this. Maybe because I'm Asian, that's why I'm not crazy about Chinese food. LOLVery enjoyable Americanized Chinese, but the best in New Orleans per Gambit? 
I had a perfectly lovely dinner here tonight, and I assure you I will return when I'm in the neighborhood again. For a Monday night the place was practically bustling. Although it's certainly casual, the decor is surprisingly upscale and contemporary. Service was friendly and super quick.
Food, about what I would expect at any Chinese place, really. I had the eggplant with pork in Peking sauce which seems to amount to a mostly sweetened, somewhat tangy sauce. Very flavorful mind you. The option of having brown rice with the meal won me over, I have to say.
Most promising was that the table next to me had about 20 native Chinese enjoying a banquet of some sort. Leads me to believe there must be some authenticity to the food! And, the fact that they were having a good time contributed to a lively and festive mood in the restaurant all around.
Gambit readers rate it one of their favorites in the city. I dunno, I say it's pretty good. But think for comparable type establishments, one can hardly do better than Hoshun on St. Charles in the lower Garden District. That's what got my Gambit vote anyway!I ate there over this past weekend and became ill. I called this morning to inform the manager and was told by PJ "you should have called yesterday" and "we sold a million of those dishes and nobody else got sick."When I'm on a Chinese kick, I can't order anywhere else but Five Happiness. Their food is a little on the pricier side but it is WAY delicious. I can't get enough of their sweet and sour pork. Their fried rice always on point. It's moist, not hard and NOT greasy.I'll start with, it was Christmas Eve so maybe not the best night to judge. The wait was 45 minutes in a packed lobby. When we finally got seated it took 20 minutes to find a manger to get us water. We ordered our dinner when the water finally arrived. We were put in the middle of a lot of big tables full of very drunk and loud revelers. I mean loud. Literally during a lull, I realized there was a baby screaming. I couldn't hear it over the noise.  The table behind me got into an impromptu conversation with table beside us to discuss the Saints. No one got up they just shouted.  
When we did get served the food was awful. I got the egg foo young.  Honestly, the shrimp was perfect.  But for some reason, it was covered with a gelatinous gravy like sauce that made it heavy and flavorless. My wife got the soft shell crab; A house specialty dish. It was a plate of super thick greasy fried pancake batter Lots of it. However,  there was almost no crab or crab flavor.  The sauce was not the ordered black bean sauce. 
The whole time the decibel level was raging. When my son found a hair in his chicken and garlic, they took the plate away a didn't charge us for it. Well swell. Obviously, we're never going back.Our favorite Chinese Restaurant in town.   The food Is consistent and the service is timely.  The Moo Goo Gai Pan is best served spicy.Likely to never get to place an order as if they get too busy they will not deliver to you. They should really rethink having that they deliver on their website as they often will not. Not to mention the girl that answers the phones there seems to hate her job and not want to be there taking orders. Great food, too bad 3 out of 5 times I am denied enjoying it. Last time for me...hope they enjoy continuing to lose business.LOVE THIS PLACE! The tiki bowl will take you to outer space- and the crispy beef is AMAZING.The menu is very Americanized but I still love this place for what it is. Big cozy booths and salty chinese food makes for a pretty crucial hangover cure on weekends, and they have a generous lunch special available during weekdays. If you're looking for Chinese food in NOLA, go here.This place has some amazing chinese food. They don't go all gung-ho with the oil either. The lo-mein is to die for and the wonton soup is amazing. They make price-worthy cocktails and they have great seating options; booth, at the bar, tables, etc. The wait staff are all very nice as well. I ate here a handful of times in just one month. I couldn't get enough of it. If you haven't tried it yet and you're in the Carrollton area, stop by and eat. You won't regret it. This place is always packed and it's reputation of being awesome is pretty accurate. Check them out!So I came here Saturday and ordered takeout. Ordered an order of egg rolls, ribs, lomeng noodles with chicken and sweet/sour chicken. To my knowledge, I never had authentic Chinese to give expert advice on the topic; so I can only compare to what I've had in other restaurants. The noodles and sweet and sour chicken were above average than what I've had at other restaurants. The ribs and egg rolls were weak. Weak in portion and "wow factor";therefore I felt it was over priced. What I will say was that the place looked or atleast appeared spotless. Very clean. Aside from that I did notice someone who seemed to be in charge or ready for any customer complaint, which gives me a sense of quality control. 
I only gave it 3 stars BC it just wasn't a memorable or attempting to be over the top. It was "good".Not my favorite Chinese place around New Orleans but definitely my 2 nd favorite.
My wife and I have always had great meals here. Wether just us 2 or in a group of friends always great food and serviceI tried this place a few weeks ago, and I was not impressed.  Food is okay. Their dinner platter specials are a pretty good deal, about $12 for an entree, rice, and egg roll.  We had the moo goo gai pan and the hunan chicken, along with a side vegetable dish.  I don't find this place super authentic, but for americanized chinese food, this place is pretty average and fulfills any chinese food cravings one may have.  
Service was quick and efficient, we were seated right away.  There is plenty of parking available as well, which is a plus.