We took the cemetery tour with Dylan and he was great! The price of the tour was totally reasonable and we were appropriately prepped for the heat that was August in New Orleans. Dylan kept the tour at a good pace and his stories were interesting and funny. He talked about the graves we visited expertly, but made sure to treat the graves and cultures with sensitivity in his stories. If I could give him a sixth star, I would!Just finished a fantastic! Tour with Stella!! She is so much fun and just packed with great history and information. She really made the experience so wonderful! I would absolutely recommend this tour to everyone. Young and old alike it was an experience I won't soon forget! Bring water it's hot and don't forget to leave the cemetery walking backwards! This is Nawlins and you never know what might follow you out.Great deal on Yelp! Fun tour!! Would recommend to friends.We went on the Ghost & Vampire tour on October 26. I should have passed on this activity.
Susan was our guide and she was not all that great. She is actually an Irish national who fakes an American accent on purpose. Susan was not too terribly interesting and had this whole laundry list of dos and don'ts. She felt it important to discuss off-topic issues like current vampire movies and their lacking qualities. Ok......I didn't sign up for a movie critic tour.
We spent just over $30 on two tour tickets. The experience was pretty disappointing. I actually wanted more ghost than vampire on the tour but it was more vampire focused. One of the biggest disappointments - you do not get to go into any buildings and the "information" or "true stories" given to you are primarily fabricated. 
Take for example Susan's story of the murdering brothers John and Wayne Carter who allegedly were mass murders in the French Quarter with a penchant for human sacrifice or blood lust and were allegedly caught after keeping a small girl captive and drinking her blood over an extended period of days.  According to Susan, the Carters were caught and and executed sometime in the 1930s. 
After the tour, I attempted to locate more information on the brothers. A search of records for the State of Louisiana, including the official execution rolls for the state starting in the late 1800's and going through until the 1970s, had no record of the crime and punishment of the "Carters" nor of any two brothers, even by another last name.  A search of newspaper records of the target time frame likewise turned up no supporting documents.  
Susan's other stories were for the most part as unbelieveable and unsubstantiated. If you are trying to take the tour to get real ghost or other stories from the French Quarter, you can pass on this tour.We took the Music of New Orleans tour with Blais. She was a great guide, and the tour was well thought out. It was great that there was a musical soundtrack for the tour! I would recommend this tour to others!Wonderful place to take a tour! We took a cemetery tour with Leena. She was fantastic- gave a lot of great information with a background of some history of New Orleans. She was so energetic, hilarious, and positive in the brutal heat. She even stayed after to answer any further questions we had. Leena warned the entire group of the heat and gave safety pro cautions. The tour provided fans and she even bought four extra umbrellas for people where the heat was unbearable. Do not bring kids- they will be miserable. It's a great tour to go on! Don't let the heat keep you away and check groupon for some deals.We did the Ghosts and Vampires tour as well as the tour for St Louis Cemetary #1. Both of our tour guides were very knowledgeable and entertaining. My husband and I really enjoyed the stories and history we learned on each tour. My only complaint is I feel like they may have skipped some locations on the Ghost tour as my friend pointed out that there were more stops when she took one about 5 years ago. Definitely check Groupon for discounts! Tickets are $20 a person full price but we were able to get the cemetery tour for $30 for all four of us.This tour is hands down one of the most informative two hours I've spent in New Orleans.  I've been to the city multiple times and I've always avoided the tours and tourist traps or money-grabbing schemes. Not this one. Dylan, our tour guide was able to paint a vivid picture of the more interesting points of the Vieux Carre.  We visited the 700 block of Ursuline street, the LaLaurie house of American Horror Story fame, and the Ursuline convent amongst others. If you're ever in NOLA, I highly recommend this your company, and if you can, request Dylan for the best experience.Fantastic! I am so glad we did this! Our guide was Luke. He was very personable with a theater voice that you did not have to strain to hear. The stories were fascinating & entertaining, we learned a lot.Went on the St. Louis cemetery #1 tour and had an awesome time! Leena was our tour guide and she really made the whole trip. The heat was brutal but Leena made sure to warn us to grab some water bottles, sunscreen, and even some umbrellas. During the whole tour Leena was very knowledgable about the history of New Orleans, the cemetery, and always made sure to ask if we had any questions before she moved on to the next site. At certain points the sun was so intense that Leena offered up four umbrellas she brought just incase we couldn't handle it. I strongly suggest going on a tour here; I think before I leave NOLA I might even take another tour!We took the Ghost and Vampire Tour guided by Luke in early November. He did an amazing job and really made the experience for us.
This tour made about 8-9 stops and our guide wove in additional comments and pointed out buildings of interest as we passed. I think the other reviews cover most of the highlights.
He kept our group together, spoke clearly and made the stories interesting without taking too long to get to the point.
For basically the price of an adult evening movie ticket, I think it is one of the better values in NOLA and highly recommend it.I had trouble falling asleep that night bc those stories were so flippin' crazy, so I guess that's a sign of a good ghost tour. Our guide was hilarious.We travel a lot and enjoy taking tour so we thought the True Crime tour would help us learn the history of the city---which it did. However, I thought the tour was more of a recitation, something I could have read out of a book.  The guide failed to engage the LARGE tour group and you could see people weren't paying attention. He spent too much time at each location--many of which weren't the actual building where the event occurred. Also, while I thought the cost was on-par, I thought it ridiculous that they would charge the full $16 for an eight-year-old. As the tour wore on people started to ditch and before long, we did too.  Sorry, it's a good idea, just need to work on the delivery and the speed.Went in the St Louis #1 cemetery tour. Evian was awesome and super knowledgeable! Would recommendHad a great ghost & vampire tour! Duckies was a great storyteller! He was knowledgeable,  entertaining, and friendly!
Also did the cemetery tour - Lena was good too! Lots of information on Louisiana customs, learned a lot about what is fact and myth!
Would recommend both tours to anyone visiting this great city!Loved it!! Our tour guide Evian was knowledgeable, witty and fun!  We brought our 12 and 17 yo and it was just creepy enough without being gruesome or inappropriate! I highly recommend it!Great tour, great tour guide Brian. Very informative and kept us interested. We especially enjoyed hearing about the history of the city. Took a nice break for water and bio-needs halfway through. 
I highly recommend this tour to anyone looking for an entertaining couple hours while walking the quarter.Awesome tour! The group sizes were perfect, not too many people. Our tour guide Robert was a great story teller and really funny. My Gf and I loved it and recommend it for anyone looking for a creepy ghost tour in NO.My daughter and I took a last minute trip to New Orleans from Pensacola, Florida. Our guide was Justin and he did a fantastic job. Very personable and funny but lining at all the reviews, it seems like you only hire very personable people. 
We've been to New Orleans many times and knew some of the history he taught us but never knew a lot of the details we learned. The only suggestion I could make to make improvements would be to be able to gain access to the Lalaurie Mansion for an in-depth tour. I'd book that in a heart beat!Steven aka Hubert did a great job. Very entertaining and knowledgeable. I would recommend and will probably take this tour again.We went on the ghost and vampires tour. Angela was great and we had a really good time. I really liked that history was a huge focus and the way that she put the details into perspective. It didn't feel hokey or silly. It was a great tour and worth the time and money.My family and I took the tour yesterday. Our tour guide, "Blaze", was a gem! The tour was fantastic! We started off strong and she definitely played off the general vibe the tour was giving off. Full of jokes and puns she led us through some of the hauntings of NOLA. She was very knowledgeable of the paranormal goings-on as well as the general history of the new orleans. It really was a wonderful experience. I was a little confused when she didn't talk about Madame Lalaurie but she did so for good reason, her story is quite graphic and we had young children on the tour. She did point us in the right direction to her house and gave us a few facts which was nice!
It was also interesting talking to her during the break about how the tour guides are not scripted and you can essentially see a new tour every time you go! In a city with as much history as New Orleans, I'm not surprised they can pick am choose their stories. Guess that means we'll be coming back to take another tour! 
The only problem we noticed is the tour is supposed to be an hour and forty five minutes long and our tour only lasted about an hour and fifteen (that's including the half mark break) we were definitely hoping for a little more content!
Nevertheless,  we had a good time and I'm sure we'll be back!My husband and I were just taken with our tour guide and her amazing delivery of these based-in-fact New Orleans ghost stories. She indulged our questions and had patience with our excitement. Humor, intelligence, confidence, and style helped make this one of the best waking tour experiences I've had. 
 It's easy to find inside Flanagan's, the price is right, and the counter service was even friendly. The hurricanes though... Well that's for the review of the bar so I'll just leave it unsaid here.
I highly recommend taking a nighttime tour. I would do what French quarter ghost tour again and I wish I'd taken a tour of N.O. cemetery no 1 through this company. The cemetery is lovely and intriguing in a creepy, desolate kind of way, but a guide would've really kicked the fear factor up a notch.
Bottom Line: best choice for professional tours of all kind in the crescent city.My friend recommended this tour and I had a great time! The bar we met at was really cool. We checked in and hung out for about half and hour and we received our hurricane drinks to take on the tour with us. Our tour guide was very knowledgable about the historic buildings and sites. So much so that my boyfriend kept questioning her and she was spot on even about thing that's weren't tour-related. Over all great experience!Sandy, our tour guide, was outstanding.   Extremely knowledgeable, great comedic timing and delivery.   Reminded me a bit of Ellen Degeneres in terms of style of storytelling.   She even deftly handled the two young guys in our group that had a bit too much to drink.   Not a "jump out at you and scare you" kind of your but rather a highly informative and entertaining one.We were a bit skeptical about doing this initially, but are so glad we did!  Did the 6pm tour - was great watching the sun set on a beautiful night behind the historic scene of the French Quarter.  Loved learning the history behind the city and hearing the guides stories.  The group size was manageable - around 10 people.  I would recommend this to anyone.We took both the Ghosts & Vampires tour and the Cemetery tour. Both were very good, but enjoyed the Cemetery tour more. Guide provided a lot of great city background on the way to the cemetery. Just the right amount of info to interest you but not an overload. Would definitely recommend tours from here.Sam's Garden District/Lafayette Cemetery tour was fantastic, start to finish. Highly recommend!Great tour. Our friendly and knowledgeable guide really made the experience entertaining for us!
I'm sure the 2 for 1 hurricanes before the adventure also didn't hurt!Hi all.  Just in case you're looking for the right tour and not sure - this is the one.  Quality and fun.
Bartendars at the Voodoo Lounge weren't the friendliest... but this post isn't about that.
My wife and I went on the Ghost and Vampire tour and we enjoyed ourselves immensely.   We are 50-ish and found the walking tour easy.  No major stairs or uncomfortable terrain.  Bring your favorite walking shoes and your ears.  This tour is for listening... not chatting over your guide.
Enjoy the city and respect it.  Don't wander off and follow your guide's advice.  Bring your "GO CUP" and keep it as a great souvenir.  Your tour guide will ask you to leave a path on the sidewalks and not stand in the street.  LISTEN TO THEM... it is for your safety and the good of the relations with locals.  Keeps everyone happy.
I'd really like to give a shout out to our guide Miss Stella.  She had her game 'on' perfectly... was funny, informative and a great presenter.  She was happy to chat up each member of her tour as we strolled along and dealt with the high-fiving brohamus passer by drunkards like a pro.  
Bring at least $5 per person in your party for a tip.  Seriously.  Do it.
Suggestion - afterwards - if you're hungry... stop into PERE ANTOINE'S for BBQ Shrimp.  The tour ends nearby and my wife and I sat and talked and recanted the stories we learned.  Great dinner discussion.  
This company is legit - so we did the Graveyard tour the next day.The tour was educational an awesome. Malika was a great tour guide. We really enjoyed the information on all the great haunts.I had a great time on the tours! I booked two over my weekend and I felt like I learned a lot during each tour. Both guides rocked, were funny, answered questions, and seemed to enjoy giving the tours. I would highly recommend going on a tour with French Quarter Phantoms and will be booking another tour next time I'm back in NOLA.Hope made the trip worth staying out in the August heat!!! 
We learned history, folklore and hearsay BUT it truly made for a very interesting night!!!  A Must do for anyone who comes to New Orleans!!!!Tour w Sandy was awesome!  A great story teller with lots of tidbits and history.  Great sense of humor.I was mistaken as to what company held it to her that we attended last night the Phantom company is fantasticLiz was great! I recommend this tour if you want a killer (har har) balance of personal experiences mixed with history and lore. Her personal experiences were some of the more memorable points and added a flair between some of the bigger tales. A few nights later, my friends and I took a few slightly-wrong-ish turns and accidentally ended up on one of the more spookier, quieter streets. We had been walking for a few minutes and looked down on the corner and when we saw the name of the street, it was one that Liz had mentioned that as a native to New Orleans she "never walks down by herself." We both got goosebumps and immediately hoofed it out of there. Clearly, our tour stuck with us even a few days later!FABULOUS cemetery tour with master storyteller Evian. This is one of the best "sightseeing" events I've ever been on. Warning: Lots of gruesome talk of decomposing bodies, yellow fever deaths, the reality of reusing a crypt... Loved it.Can I give Stephen all the stars, because he was lovely. He was fascinating, and knowledgeable, and energetic, and witty as could be. I would recommend this tour and Stephen specifically to anyone. We heard other tours going on around us and they weren't nearly as fascinating. And to get back to Stephen for a second, he was also VERY courteous of the other tours going on, making sure not to hog the high traffic areas, but still give the best stories and historical facts.
Also, this tour started at the Voodoo Lounge, which is the most dog friendly bar in existence. Do it.If you find yourself in NOLA, if you do anything (other than eat seafood and beignets) go on one of these tours. I've been on two tours, and both have been nothing short of a blast! If you're a history lover, much like myself, you'll love the tour! The tours are packed with NOLA history, folk lore, and ghost stories. 
My most recent tour guide was just excellent. He was funny and kept my attention the entire time. The tour began at the VooDoo Lounge. My friends and I took advantage of the 2-1 Hurricanes at the bar. Note: When you purchase tour passes, you can purchase 2 Hurricanes for the price of 1 at the bar in a plastic souvenir French Quarter Phantoms cup. 
Now onto the tour. The ghost stories and folk lore my tour guide covered left me with chills running down my spine. The stories covered everything from vampire lore in the city to the chilling tale of a haunted residence in the Quarter. Part way through, the tour stops for a restroom break and drinks. Having just drank an entire Hurricane, I took full advantage of the free water in the back of the location we stopped at! One of the tour highlights for me was seeing the Old Ursuline Convent. It's absolutely massive and the story behind it gave me goosebumps. 
You can't go to NOLA and not do a ghost tour! They are an excellent way to end an event filled day or to start an exciting night on Bourbon Street.I first came in Dec and had the Cemetery tour with Audrey, she is great, lots of good information. I also took the Saints and Sinners tour.
Came back the weekend of Jazz Fest and took the music tour with Andrew and the Saints and Sinners tour again but this time with Stella. Saints and Sinners is still by favorite, but both were fantastic. Both tours talked about the history of New Orleans. Stella had a lot of knowledge and does a very thorough Saints and sinners tour. Bought all my tickets through groupon- don't forget to bring cash to tip the tour guides. Also comfortable shoes.We were told that the tour was family friendly, so we took our 4 kids, ages 5, 6, 9 and 11. The stories were more gruesome than expected, but our 9 & 11 year old loved it! However, it scared our 6 year-old and it didn't capture the attention of our 5 year old (no surprise). Overall, a good tour.So fun. We investigated a former infant asylum. We think we contacted a spirit named James. Alexis our guide was super cool and very knowledgeable. Would definitely do a tour with them again.Amazing. Go here because it's a tour, high entertainment and your kids will actually see history come alive. We were lucky enough to be booked with Trevor and holy cow does he know his stuff.  Part social studies class, part comedy routine, he shows you the city, the graveyards and weaves in the background/culture of the area. 
Just to note:
-the kids enjoyed it completely. This was their favorite thing on the whole vacation and one commented "he should be my history teacher. No one would ever fall asleep in class"
-it is LONG with loads of walking. Don't bring grandma who tires easily. Wear comfortable shoes, bring water and don't be afraid to walk up front where he can keep an eye on your pace.  This guy moves fast. 
-please buy something at CC coffee co. These poor folks host every damn day and no one but our family bought anything when I was there. 
-ask questions, comment and show interest. This guy will light up.This is a neat way to get to know the city without the boring tour guide feel. 
Vampires & Ghosts tour with Thomas was pretty fun. In addition to the stories, all the walking around helped us familiarize ourselves with the layout of the french quarter. I think this made getting around town a bit easier. Thomas was also helpful in giving recommendations for food and activities. 
You have to take one of these tours when you're in town.Went on the ghost and vampire tour and learned a lot about the history of the area. Don't remember the name of the tour guide but it was Monday the 10th of September at 6 PM.  She did a great job and answered all the questions that people asked.  Maybe about a mile in total to walk with a short break at the midpoint of the tour.I went on The True Crime Tour with a group of friends - two veteran locals, two newcomers and two friends from out of town -I hesitate to call such nice folks "tourists".  At any rate, a marvelous time was had by all!  Our guide, Thomas, kept us entertained with his vivid and lively depictions of French Quarter mobsters and marauders bygone.  I have the attention span of a small anxious terrier, but our cicerone was so informative and engaging with an obvious love of the city, I may have inadvertently learned a thing or two.  Highly recommended for anyone with an interest in local history or just looking for a fun and offbeat way to spend the evening.  I will return for a Cemetery Tour when the weather is not so sultry.I've done ghost tours in a number of cities. (And I mean a large number- this may be like my 12th ghost tour in the US.)  This one was pretty entertaining.  Luke was our guide.  Luke had a sense of humor and was knowledgeable about New Orleans history.  
Stay away from the hurricanes that they sell "two for one" at the bar where the tour meets.  They are watered down, crappy, and will just make you have to go to the bathroom throughout the entire tour.  And I was having trouble juggling my two drinks, the little fan that they gave us, and my camera.  
There were a fair number of spooky stories and some folklore.  I don't think I captured any orbs on my camera for this particular tour, but part of it took place before sundown.  
The one story that fascinated me the most was the alleged vampire story about the two girls filming a documentary and had the top part of their backs pierced, and something of "machine-like strength" drained all the blood out of their bodies.  Apparently, it makes most sense for vampires to bite here (not the neck) because the blood is from an artery, flowing away from the heart, which contain the most fresh, delicious, and oxygenated blood. 
Of course you will see the LaLaurie house, which Nick Cage owned at one time and was allegedly driven out by the ghosts there.  Look up the story online- I probably forget most of the details.  
The bar that is the "halfway point" is a cozy little dark venue, that would be a great place to make out with a date at a dark table in the corner, but not on a night when a ghost tour is going on, because it's packed. There must have been 10 other ghost tour groups here, as well.  Heard the hurricanes were better there, though. So maybe after a few of those it *would* still be a great spot to make out with your date.  Or not your date.  Or just someone you met on the ghost tour.    Or a ghost.  Or a vampire.  Shoot!  It's New Orleans- anything goes!
The only thing that sucks about this tour is that it's too large.  20 people = too many.  Maybe do it on a Tuesday night (not during Halloween season).  We were there on a Saturday night, and too many tourists spoil the ambiance.  
New Orleans, Savannah, Charleston, all of these southern towns claim to be the "most haunted".  I think Savannah might win that contest.  Albuquerque wins for the creepiest ghost tour.  New Orleans however is pretty creepy.  A city full of spirits.  And spirits.  And vampires with whom to make out.Stephen gave a graduate level tour of St. Louis #1.  He's extremely knowledgeable, considerate and cares a great deal about his guests. Occasionally he was funny too. There is no better guide for this trip I am sure.We did the Saint Louis #1 cemetery tour and our guide was Andrew. I don't think we could have had a better guide or experience! The tour was fascinating and Andrew was very likable he was a great mix of funny and knowledgeable. I would highly recommend this tour!These guys were awesome!!! My girl friend and I did the ghost tour with Thomas as our guide and he was aces and hysterical, what I really liked about this tour was that they give you the truth which is a lot cooler and creepier than any embellished story anyone could make up about these places, would suggest doing the 6 pm tour so you can see the buildings a little bit better than the 8 pm one, 
We liked this tour group so much that the next day we signed up for the 11 am cemetery tour and we had Trevor as our tour guide, you would expect that as a tour guide only having two people in your group would be a little disheartening, but it didn't bother him, he just seemed to be psyched up to share his knowledge with some inquiring minds, another awesome and hysterical and extremely knowledgeable tour that we were beyond excited that we got to take, would also recommend bringing plenty of water, also with this tour group they give you a 3$ off one ticket if you end up doing both tours which is pretty cool, thank you guys again for such an awesome tour!!!!!Such a fun tour, took my mom who was visiting and some friends, and we had the best time! Justin was so much fun, a great storyteller and a sweetheart! Definitely request that dude- loved him as our guide!Tour guide Susan was great. Learned a lot and all stories checked out. Fun!Graveyard Tour - We took this tour today and our guide Blaise was amazing!  I would definitely use this tour company again. Thanks Blaise!This should be the first thing you do when staying in the French Quarter. You'll never look at those old houses the same way again! Our tour guide, Justin, was great! Super charismatic and funny. And he recommended the best Po Boy we had in new Orleans. Also he looks like Ronaldo from Stephen Universe which is awesome. Keep New Orleans weird!Dartanya is the Bomb diggity!!!! She made my first trip to the New Orleans incredible. Check out the tour for a good time.Lena's Cemetery your was great! Informative, plenty of time in the cemetery, and willing to take questions from you and old! Excellent job Lena!  
Nicolo.., duuuude, you made our night on the St. Vincent tour!!! Great experience, fun had by all.Went on the tour the Friday before Mardi Gras so lots of people were on the tour which isnt a problem as we were split up into several smaller groups. After checking in we ordered two hurricanes, sooo good then headed on the tour.
Our tour guide was energetic and knowledgeable , a great story teller with passion. So this review isnt about her, at all. I did feel a bit let down, there were not as many ghost stories being told that could have been. Maybe that is because each tour guide has to research everything them selves and they dont have specific stories to tell other than what they find out. They do not get handed down to them to tell and build upon with new stories and personal experiences. I like the idea of not having a script but I felt a bit cheated with the few stories of ghosts.
However we did get a great story about how vampire lore came to be in NOLA. Festinating. 
I would go on this tour again and get a different guide to hear their stories.Our tour guide was Liz and she was fabulous. Spookie stories and walking tour that wasnt exhausting. We bpught the deal which is a bargain. Had a drink, and saw some creepy houses with stories non locals would never hear. Worth it.The ghost and vampire tour was definitely a highlight of our recent trip!  Tour guide Luke was engaging and informative.  I drug my husband, who hates all things historical and ghost related so I was mostly expecting him to just trod along looking both bored and cranky, but he actually had a good time.  I think the tour was about 90 minutes, perfect amount of time to wander through the quarter and learn some history.  No ghosts appeared for me (rats), but next time I'm totally staying in one of the allegedly haunted hotels.  I've been on one of the more mainstream tours on previous trips and I liked this one way better.  Less kitchy, smaller group, and better tour guide.  A must do!This tour was fascinating and Stephen was energetic, knowledgeable, and fun! The tour starts at the Voodoo Lounge with 2 for 1 Hurricanes! It's about a mile of walking, but much of it is done standing and listening, so this will not tax you physically. I would urge anyone that they need to watch their step! The cemetery has lots of uneven ground. We listened in to other tours happening around the cemetery and Stephen was clearly the best tour guide...but if you're looking for a boring, monotone snoozefest, definitely go with another company.Absolutely fantastic! Me and two other people took four of their tours and I  would definitely recommend it  to other people!
Our first tour on Saturday was the music and jazz tour and the guide, Stella, was fantastic and passionate about the subject matter, definitely the best choice for that tour!
Our second tour on Sunday was the St. Louis Cemetery #1 and our guide was Robin. She did a great job, answered any question asked, and was definitely informative on the subject matter.
Our third Tour, also on Sunday, was the crime tour, and our guide was Robert, he was fantastic and definitely the correct choice for this tour, his passion on the subject made it interesting, he was also quiet funny!
And lastly on Monday we had the Ghost and Vampire tour, and our guide was Sam.
He was fantastic, personable, and in my own opinion pretty cute. But I digress he had knowledge on the subject and definitely made the LaLaurie house much creepier then what I thought it was, and definitely did not want to get close to that house after the tour.
Tl;dr: fantastic all around 20/10, Stella, Robin, Robert, and Sam did great and should rack up more tips then I'm sure they recieve.If you're visiting New Orleans and are into this type of thing, I would recommend doing it earlier during your stay rather than later, so that you get a feel for some of the old creepy history of the town. We had Trevor for a guide; he seemed knowledgeable of the city's haunted history and was funny and engaging. The 2-for-1 hurricanes are mass-produced and poured from a Gatorade cooler, but they are quite strong for those looking to put a buzz on. We heard some scary stories, some funny stories, and some just plain interesting facts about New Orleans history. Although the tours launch from a bar, I would consider this a relatively kid-friendly activity for New Orleans.My sister and I went on the Saints and Sinners tour with Sandy this afternoon and we had a great time.  We've been on many tours here over the years but we still learned a lot of new and interesting things from Sandy, whose sense of humor and storytelling ability really brought the tawdry history of Nola to life.  I would definitely suggest this tour, company, and tour guide to anyone wanting to learn about this city's colorful and dirty history.*Ghosts and Vampires Tour*
Having never been on a ghost or vampire tour before my sisters and I didn't know what to expect..but we were pleasantly surprised! We booked online for $16 each and arrived at the bar (meeting place) early enough to grab a drink which was fun. We had Luke who gave off a very professional yet fun vibe from the get-go. He let us know that there wouldn't be a TON of history throughout the tour but would be more based on legends and folklore. We visited about 6 different haunted locations where Luke provided the creepy details and stories behind each place. I like the fact that he included encounters that people have recently had at the locations and he himself seemed genuinely very interested in the vampire/cult culture of New Orleans which is pretty strange. There was a 10-15 minute break at a really cool bar before heading over to the most violent and scary of the locations. 
The only cons to this tour would be the city itself is kind of loud and sometimes we had trouble hearing over the noise, but what do you expect! Also I wish we were able to visit more locations and learn more about vampires. Luke was a pretty good guide and I definitely would be happy to go on a tour with him again because he got right down to business and kept things light and funny yet serious when needed.What a great tour! Luke was our guide and not only was he a great story teller, he was really a nice guy. Our group seemed to have a lot of questions on not only the haunted locations we visited, but the history of NOLA as well, and he was right on it and seemed happy to answer any and all questions they had. While walking to one of the locations, my boyfriend and I were at the front of the group and he took the time to ask us where we were from, if we were enjoying ourselves and if we had anything in particular we'd like to ask/see. We had a great time. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars, is because I wish it had been just a little longer! Thanks for a great tour Luke, keep it up :)They have a deal on the yelp app. They were super chill about honoring the deal even though my phone was not letting me process the deal, since the 3G is nonexistent at Flanagan's.
Our tour guide was not theatrical, histrionic, or really engaged in making the material interesting. It is supposed to be a performance. Change your voice, yell "ooooooh scaryyyyy ghostssssssssssss" or something. I don't know. This was basically like the voice you use to read off of notecards about risk management, why ovaltine isn't called roundtine, or otherwise incredibly boring material. It was not engaging at all.
I suppose Treme made all of the local actors and actresses famous and they all fled for LA, and these were townies just plucked off of the street at the last moment who were just doing the best that they could.
Their chillness accepting the yelp deal goes a long way though. For the price of a concert ticket at a cheap venue you get off your ass and do some walking, which if that's what it takes, then it was a good use of $15 - and you can bring your hand grenade, hurricane, or other drink along with you on the stroll so this beats any kind of exercise you can do at the gym.We took the cemetery tour, with Tessy.  She was very knowledgeable, funny, and helpful.  Herding a group that big, that far, can be a pain, but she did it well.  
Along the way she gave an overview of New Orleans history, and general local cemetery lore.  We stopped just outside St. Louis #1 at the visitor center, then headed in,  Inside the cemetery she explained its history and showed us many interesting tombs.  Afterward, you can stay and wander on your own.
Book online for a discount.  We'll definitely take another tour with them when we go back.This tour was so much fun! Aubrey, our tour guide was phenomenal! She knew her stuff and you could tell how devoted she was to the attendees. Since I'm in a wheelchair was she very good at telling me where I would need some assistance.Luke our tour guide was great!  The cemetery tour was good and you learn a lot of things of why things are done the way they are.  Luke seemed pretty knowledgeable and was able to answer any questions someone in the group had.  Would definitely recommend!!  Only bad part is you can't drink in the cemetery but that's a city thing not this companies.Saints and Sinners with our guide Sandy was the BEST TOUR. She really spoke to how colorful the history of New Orleans is. We stopped at Pirates Alley Café (great chance to stop and get a strong drink), learned about Bourbon St and Royal, and covered more content at Jackson Square. Sandy was knowledgeable, funny, energetic,and interactive. So worth the money. Highly Recommend.This was a lot of fun and very interesting for both me and my daughter (age 15). I'm not sure younger kids would get much out of it. It was pretty cool from a historical standpoint, and there was a lot of ghostly facts I didn't know. Our guide's name was Tessie, and she was very funny and interesting. It was pretty cool.I thoroughly enjoyed this tour. I had been in New Orleans exploring the French Quarter for the last three days, and I was able to see new things and learn a lot about the history of New Orleans. I went on this tour with my husband. He's a pretty straight laced kind of person who only likes serious things, and doesn't go for cheesy tourist attractions, but he ended up loving the tour. 
The quality of the tour is credited to our tour guide Thomas. He was knowledgable and friendly. He spent time taking us through the legends and the history. For example, he explained to us the reasoning behind why people believe vampires existed. I had a great time, and if I had the time I would go on the other tours the company offers.We did the Ghosts & Vampires Tour and were mostly disappointed. Lots of walking with random stops to hear stories that may or may not be true but were definitely not "spine tingling" in anyway. Just not what we expected.This was the best tour ever!! My family and I took the ghost and vampire tour on 6/28/14 at 6pm. Our tour guide Tessy or Tessi was phenomenal!! She was very knowledgable and entertaining!! Really interesting about all the crazy stories!! I love it!We did the Ghosts and Vampire Tours. The tour was great and interesting. Our guide was full of life and dry wit...just how I like it. All of the information was delivered perfectly and I found myself walking a little faster between each destination because I couldn't wait to hear about the next one. The ending was a little abrupt and left me waiting more. After the story was given at the last location we said goodbye and the group parted in different directions. I wish we could have been invited into the last spot for a haunted drink...or something. It would have left me feeling a little more complete and not left so high and dry. However, I would recommend this tour to anyone.My friends, husband and myself wanted to do a cemetery tour while visiting New Orleans. The tour was organized, even though there was a big group, it was the Friday before New Year's. 
Our tour guide was Justin, and he was witty, and knowledgable. My photo with him did not save, (but he was amazing).
The tour is of St. Louis Cemetery No. 1. It is a walking tour, so wear comfortable shoes. You get a history of the famous cemetery and everyone who now resides there. :-) You will just tour this cemetery. There is a quick bathroom break, before the tour. The tour is $16. 
It added to our experience. I strongly suggest it, and say hi to Justin for me.Pretty cool 
Went on the ghosts and vampires tour
Would have liked to hear more stories about the actual ghosts but it was nonetheless very interesting. Worth the price thoughWe took the ghost and vampire tour and had a great time! I was the one out of our group of four that pushed to go since I like stuff like that so I was concerned about the more skeptical members of our group. Susan was our guide and she did a great job. She was funny and informative and didn't make the ghost stuff sound cheesy., ie- she added the haunting stuff  at the end of the factual stuff so that the haunting info sounded more factual.  We bought the yelp deal and for $15 per person it was quite a $15 well spent for two hours. Great job Susan and we highly recommend.Took the Ghost and Vampire tour with Luke on 2/26, and it was very fun.  He knew his stuff and was a great storyteller.  It was raining and we had to take a detour because they were filming a movie, but I really enjoyed myself.  I'd take the True Crime tour the next time I'm in town.  Highly recommended!!We got a Groupon for the Cemetary Walking Tour. It was so much more than that! We did tour the cemetary, but along the way we learned so many interesting things about New Orleans history, architecture and colorful characters. Our tour guide, Robert, was terrific! He made the walk fun and informative. I would highly recommend this tour, Groupon or not!