Been here twice now.  Both times I ordered a caesar salad with chicken, and both times it was a bust.  Some of the produce was wilted, browning and bitter, and just doused in dressing beyond anything reasonable.
Counter service was so-so.  First time I went in, there were two staff members taking their time.  I was third in line, and it took almost 20 minutes to walk out with my to-go order.  Second time I was in, there was literally no one behind the counter or anywhere in sight for almost 10 minutes.  
No bueno, Fresh Bar.  Thanks anyway.Fresh Bar, full of delicious fresh foods with a range of salads, wraps, and soups. Yum!
On Magazine St is this great vegetarian food bar that offers a very large range of salad options, wrap options, and soup options. The set up is easy enough to grasp. You walk in, check out the menu and place your order where you're able to add or change anything you'd like(think Subway style). 
There is only inside seating available with tables and chairs set up along the window and the wall. There is also a free refill station for iced tea to the side also, which is a nice tough. 
You can order a salad, a wrap, or a combo which comes with a salad and a choice of soup. 
I ordered a Fresh Cobb wrap that came with lettuce(you pick which one you want), tomatoes, egg, bacon, avocado, and your choice of salad dressing. It was pretty nice but the bacon flavoring was a bit too overpowering, which somewhat lessened the appeal of the wrap. 
Overall, it's a great, healthy option for those who want to eat healthy. Definitely check it out!Today was my first time here. I love it. Fast, simple, delicious, a tiny bit on the pricy side for me ($14 for a salad and a drink) but knowing that it is a super healthy meal, I didn't mind. I agree with other reviewers, that there should be more of these around this city. The restaurant is small but absolutely pristine. Definitely see myself frequenting this place in the future.The food here is good. It's solid and a healthy option that I would frequent more often if it wasn't for the very poor service. Now, I've never had a problem with someone taking my order...it's the wait. It's the fact that there's one person taking orders and making the salads while there is someone else behind the wall NOT stepping in to temporarily assist get the line under control. I waited 25 minutes for 2 salads. How is this "quick"? 
I've reached out on their website on more than one occasion and have never gotten a response. Poor management starts at the top.This place makes Whole Foods seem like a bargain! Seriously expensive, and not in that oh-it's-so-good-im gonna-splurge kinda way. The salad I got was fine, but nothing special.
The day we were there it was windy and cold outside, but for some reason, their AC was blasting away. It was freeeeeezing in there! I asked if they had any hot drinks, and they did not. Nothing but a meager selection of cold drinks. 
Some yelpers seem to welcome the modern, minimalist decor, but it just screamed clinical and sterile to me. Not the kind of place I want to linger in for any longer than necessary. 
Honestly, I can't believe this place is still in business, when there are so many other vastly superior, and fairly healthy options nearby.Finally! A place in New Orleans that serves just simple, healthy, delicious salads! Initially, I thought the salad portions looked really small, but I was surprised by how full I was once I finished. I ordered the Asian salad and it was pretty damn good - lots of fun things in it like edamame beans and tofu and perfectly dressed in a sesame vinaigrette. 
The restaurant itself is very clean and spacious, minimal decor with a white color palette. 
My only gripe with them is they serve everything in plastic to go containers, which isn't very green of them. I'd prefer to have my meal on a real plate with real utensils if I'm dining in. Regardless, I found my experience and food to be satisfying and I would definitely come again.I enjoy the salads at Fresh Bar. I love the tomato basil soup -- and mainly go for that. I originally went because a workout place I went to advertised a special salad that was at the Fresh Bar. The reason I rated it a 2/5 instead of a 5/5 is for several reasons.
1. The prices are outrageous. There is no way that they should charge more than Whole Foods charges for their salad bar when there aren't as many as options.
2. The staff is sub-par. While they have a punch card, they do not tell you about it -- you sort of have to just notice it and ask for one. Also, I've seen a manager or owner eat out of the same bowls they use to mix the salads together. This didn't seem right to me. Also, they are a tad rude in general.
3. The atmosphere is clean, but I really dislike the chairs -- they're extremely uncomfortable.
4. As one reviewer said, they really could offer some fresh bread with their $14 salads.My food was delicious. My friend also stated he loved his selection.  Total for two wraps and two drinks...$33.00! C'mon Son! Honestly, my food cost aren't my issue. The reason I wouldn't give 5 stars is because a bottle of water and green tea shouldn't cost $9.00!! And the fact that my receipt was emailed to me 4 hours after my purchase makes me a little uneasy. It's like you don't want me to see how much things cost. 
Next time, I'll probably order to go and grab drinks from a corner store or gas station.New Orleans has been dying for a place like this.  There is literally no other place to get a good salad uptown other than Whole Foods.  And let's face it, you don't really get a salad at Whole Foods once you get over there and the mac and cheese is burbling.  I know you, New Orleans! 
The salads are fresh and the dressings are very creative.  In the past few weeks I've had the pepper jelly vinaigrette, citrus vinaigrette, and an oil free cilantro dressing.  They also have some ranchy-type stuff if your wife makes you eat there against your will ;)
I'm very happy to support this local salad emporium and eat there a few times a week.  This is the type of place that you eat so that you can eat your poboys at other times in the week.
Service needs to speed up, as I'm sure it will with time when the employees learn where the ingredients are located without having to check each and every container.
Some of the criticisms below seem a little unfair, but it will just take a minute to get used to a new concept that the rest of the country has been enjoying.  
The parking is not bad at all in this little neighborhood - I'd be willing to bet the guy below $1000 that he parks much closer and gets in and out much faster to the Fresh Bar than the Whole Foods salad bar once you get through the WF traffic maze and walk all the way in and across the store.
Regardless, very happy to have a fresh, healthy option in the neighborhood and hope that it ushers in a new wave of healthy locally-owned restaurants before chains move in (see, Jamba Juice on Magazine)Great healthy options on the go. Fast and friendly service :) the owner is super nice and very helpful! Love the pepper jelly vinaigrette with the delly pear salad. So good and also very filling. The soup/salad combo is the perfect size for a quick and healthy lunch option.Fresh bar is my gem. A rare find in New Orleans (which barely offers healthy food). Clean healthy food that actually taste great. I never get tired of this place. For those complaining about a price, I'm sure you can go ahead and spend less on polluting yourself with fast food. Quality isn't cheap. 
Look for her new salad/wrap creations every month! The creole cream dressing this month is my new obsession. I live and work on magazine and this is my GO To Place! 
The owner Ellie is fabulous too!This is just the place if you're pinched for time and happen to be in the neighborhood.  The food quality is really nutritious, but skimpy and pricey.  I've got to spend more time taking advantage of peering thru Yelp reviews to get the best bang for the buck.  Otherwise, I'll forever be reliving the lyrics of Otis Redding and Mick Jagger who sang "I Can't Get No Satisfaction."So here's the deal, I ordered the Fresh Cobb salad with honey mustard dressing and grilled chicken and it was, truly, one of the best salads I've ever had in my life. Wonderful flavor profiles. I also liked how it came completely mixed for me - with dressing on side, of course. A very tasty and healthy way to do lunch in a rush.
BUT, and it's a big "but," I paid $12 for a salad that was stuffed into a 32 oz container. In other words, it was TINY. Now that isn't to say that it isn't filling, because it definitely is. I grabbed a bag of chips on my way out because I assumed that tiny salad wouldn't fill me up, but I was wrong. It was quite filling all by itself. And on the one hand, I can see why the salads are so expensive. The ingredients are fresh, they're prepared on the spot, and are mixed (not thrown) into the salad. So there's definitely a lot more effort put into these salads. However, I really can't justify paying upwards of $12 or $15 for a salad - and that's not even including the drink or any side items like chips - on a daily basis. Which sucks because I work on Magazine street and would love to be able to frequent this healthy spot.  I feel like it would be perfect if it would come down a buck or two per salad. 
That being said, I will definitely be back - just not too often because of the prices.A very good salad with a lot of options but a little high on the price. They also seem to be a little short staffed. For the little extra protein they offer for the price you might as well go all veggie which makes the price not bad at all.My salad was good, but very overpriced for what it is. We dined in, and were served our salads in plastic containers. When we were leaving I asked the girl if they recycle the containers, she said "No". For that reason I won't return.For a healthy salad option, I am sorely disappointed.  My lettuce was old and wilted.  The toppings I chose- tofu, artichokes, broccoli- were dry and lacked any flavor.  There was no option for chopping the salad so it was quite unwieldy to eat.  No wonder this place is empty.  10 dollars down the drain.The variety was the only good thing about this place. All items were over priced. To add chicken to a salad is $1 and some change but you get a spoon full. The ingredients were not fresh and they did not take the time to preserve the apples and avocado. The decor was odd, like it wasn't thought all the way through. The salad was served in a silver dog bowl with a plastic fork. The staff was not friendly. After she dumped the balsamic all over my salad it ended up tasting like a la Madeleine mixed spring salad. And when asking if they had Gorgonzola she said "do you mean mozzarella?" No, ma'am those are two different cheeses.I've tried to pick up fresh bar 4 times in the last 3 weeks and they were not open during listed business hours because the person scheduled to open did not shown up to work.The salads are tasty and the gumbo was great (although light on veggies), but the portion size of the salad was quite small. I also added tofu and didn't get much additional tofu. Not worth it.
Also, their plastic salad dressing containers spill. So I wouldn't recommend getting take-out unless you're able to hold the bag constantly flat.If it was possible to give a place zero stars I would. As one of the only places uptown to get a good chopped salad, Fresh Bar has a lot of potential. That potential is completely destroyed by their unbelievably atrocious service. I have been here many times, each time hoping for a better experience, and each time disappointed. Not only do they have 1 person working at a time (not just making the salads, but literally one person working in the entire building going back and forth from the kitchen), but there have been several times I have come in and no one has been there at all. I knock on the kitchen door and the "employees only" door, but no one comes out so i have been just left alone in the restaurant. Not only is this stupid for their purposes - who's to say I wouldn't steal? - but it is actually comical to think you can run a business with no one working. Today I came in and waited over an hour for a simple salad because there was only one woman working and having to go back and forth from the kitchen. She also was literally not wearing pants. This place would be run better if it was run by toddlers. I am genuinely shocked that this place is still open.We need a Fresh Bar in every zip code in New Orleans. It's a healthy, on-the-go option, which Nola has been severely lacking. This is the perfect place to meet a friend for a quick bite, give your tastebuds a refreshing break from salty, fried Nola cuisine, and feel good about life. 
Pros: quick, efficient, friendly staff; fresh produce; large variety with endless possibilities. 
Cons: I'm a fat kid at heart so I like larger portions, but the salad size is perfect for the average eater. 
I vote- give it a try!Set out to have something healthy for lunch, so popped into Fresh Bar for the Asian Persuasion wrap. They were out of both tofu and sprouts, so I had shrimp. One wrap and Honest Ade juice = $13. Only 2 people were seated, dining in and 3 women working behind the counter, yet there were 3+ dirty tables in the place. Easy to spot since everything is bright white. I'd return here if I need something quick and fresh but honestly, you'd probably spend the same amt. building your own salad at WFoods or Rouses.Good food but OVERPRICED! Staff kind of rude too..not very friendly or welcoming. 
Small glasses..stingy with ice. 
Whole Foods is cheaper and just down the street!!They get their stuff from a distributor and couldn't tell me squat about the quality or source of their meat...seriously disappointed. Way overpriced for what you get...all I can think of here is meh, don't waste your time. There's so many healthy, fresh places popping up around NOLA that actually care about what they're feeding their customers...The food is average, but sometimes I have no other options, especially if you are looking for something light and healthy in uptown New Orleans, but the customer service is brutal. 
Management Tip: hire more than one 14 year old girl to manage and operate the store. I should not have to wait 15 minutes to be acknowledged and served. Thus, 25 minutes in all for a $17 wrap. 
Additionally, unless you plan on hiring 3 workers with experience - do less, and simply do it well. IMO the entire operation has become worse since you added smoothies, vegan treats, health bars, etc. Go to City Greens in Elmwood, just sit and watch how their assembly line process works, its impressive. They serve 20 customers in the time Fresh Bar serves 3. 
My guess: the rent is too high due to the expensive location, therefore management skimps on resources in the way of employees - be careful, it shows, and the horrendous service will likely be the demise of your operation.I have been looking for a place like this for awhile. I found it hard to find a good salad. The staff was wonderful and that fact that they have every topping I could ever want on a salad including steak and shrimp. (i know right) The restaurant was extremely clean and neat and it has contemporary decor, wood floors and white seating. Did I mention they prepare their own salad dressings and Im a sucker for a good balsamic vinaigrette dressing. I thought the staff would have this annoying overly happy to please you attitude like greeting every customer as they come in the door ( dont ask me why I thought that maybe too much pinkberry) They were nice and pleasant and it wasnt fake. The downside for me is it is soooo far away from me but I will be back.I have only been here twice, both times to pick up large to-go orders (10-15 people) for my office. The first time, everything went really smoothly. I emailed them our order, picked it up on time and that was that. This time, I'm currently 45 minutes over my pick up time and counting. It's sad because the food is great and fresh! It just seems like maybe they don't have enough people working? They've gotten pretty busy since I got here and there are only two people behind the counter. I know it's got to be incredibly difficult to make a to go order while also dealing with the patrons in front of you, and cashing people out-ah! Also, there were no juices made today which was disappointing. Sadly, I probably won't choose this place for our office's lunch anymore.Tex-mex salad+Honest tea+bag of chee-toes =$16.somthing. The salad doesn't come with meat and it was served only with a quarter size piece of avocado. The ranch dressing is overly peppered. The quality didn't match the price to me.Hang on hippies - this is going somewhere...
New Orleans has been in a tizzy over the impending loss of a daily printed newspaper. The upcoming thrice-weekly editions seems like a way to keep up with the daily obits and police blotter. To paraphrase Warren Buffett, "There's a fine line between a periodical and a newspaper, and the TImes-Picayune is crossing it."
Friends, there's a fine line between a sit-down restaurant and a fast food joint, and Fresh Bar is crossing it.
Pros:
Friendly, patient service
Fresh ingredients
Wide variety of ingredients and dressings
Cons:
Almost impossible to walk away under $10, unless you want the most minimalist salad imaginable.
Everything served in disposables, even stay-in orders
Website has no menu or online ordering as featured
So, if I lived two blocks away and didn't feel like schlepping to Whole Foods to spend the same amount of money (and have a larger salad), I'd stop by. If I'm in the car and wrestling with street parking on Magazine and under the constraints of an hour for lunch? Not so much.Okay, I don't know why I was expecting this to be good. I had been here a couple times before, but not since around 2013/2014. So I figured it was time to come here again. The prices are still high, but I was okay with that if it was going to be a good salad.
First off, the girls working in the shop were two of the rudest service industry workers I've ever experienced in my entire life. I chose the "build your own" option, and I was a little slow to pick out toppings. The girl making my salad rudely said "and???". I asked if I could get my salad chopped. Instead of answering yes or no, the girl just starts chopping it (she did about three chops too - so I guess the answer was "kind of"). I got an iced tea (I know there are free refills but the cups are seriously small), and there was a smushed bug on the lip of the cup. I asked for a new cup and pointed the bug out to the girl. She looked at it, did not say a word to me, poured my ice into a new cup, then put the bug-laden cup onto the pile of cups to be given to a new customer. Icky! 
On top of ALL that - my salad had NO flavor! The chipotle dressing tasted like watered down mayo. Could not taste any type of chipotle flavor at all. Nothing. The entire salad was blah! The one upside was that I got a surprisingly large serving of chicken.
I'll be sticking to City Greens when I'm downtown and Whole Foods when I'm uptown.I really liked Fresh Bar as a nice alternative to a lot of the deep-fried fare in New Orleans. 
The salads and wraps here are custom-made to order, and are delicious. The portion sizes are perfect for a nice lunch.Sadly when I came to check you guys out, I was unable to actually order anything.
I walked into this establishment, with a few people eating at a table and another couple walking in after me.
I stood there for literally 10 minutes and not a single person emerged to come help me. I looked around as much as I could without crossing boundaries and there was no one to be found. There was no sign either stating that someone would be right back.
Dumbfounded, as everything looked really great and I was excited to try the food, I left without ever seeing a single person working here. 
I hope this was just a fluke.I am so glad this place exists. Ever since I visited DC and NYC I wanted one of these salad bar places. Sure it may be a bit pricey but it is a healthy alternative if you are trying to watch what you eat. I like to mix it up between a preselected salad and build your own salad. They have a punch card and give 15% off to students.Nice selection of toppings but it was on the expensive side and the staff seemed morose. 
I like that they have free ice water with lemon set out for customers. The space itself was very light and clean with a nice view of Magazine, but better bargains can be found elsewhere.I was running errands on Magazine a couple of weekends ago and discovered that a store I was aiming for had shut down (disappointing!) but then I noticed a few doors down this new salad spot (intriguing!)  So it was time for lunch.
The set up was a bit confusing to me since I hadn't been to one of these yet 
(because it feels like a franchise, right?)  Anyway, my salad was tasty and full of premium ingredients. No skimping here.  The ingredients were all really fresh (hey! it's in the name!) and tasty.  And I liked that you could completely customize your salad to your own particular taste buds.
Things I didn't like: I was dining in so I would have liked less disposable (and wasteful) options, like a non-plastic fork.  I also would have liked a better drink selection, although the water with lemon in a free dispenser was a nice touch.  Their ice tea did not seem fresh brewed to me, so I'd probably stick with water here in the future.  Or I would just take out since that's what it seems like you're supposed to do.
Which is some ways is too bad, since the day I went was gorgeous and all the french doors were open to both Magazine and Webster.My go-to place for a good salad.  Wide range of choices for different lettuces, ingredients, and especially dressings.  The dressings are fresh and creative combinations.  Atmosphere is bright, airy and cool.  There is a wide range of experience with the preparation staff, so service speed varies.  Be patent with the new  staff, these salads are complex and made to a high standard.  Prices are on-par with other nearby lunch spots, but considerably healthier and fresher.  If you are looking for a cheap, chopped salad with no soul, then go elsewhere.  This is a concept and a business worth supporting.  Recommend the punch card if you plan to frequent this place.  Setup a very refreshing salad and wrap buffet at a local event called "Secret Gardens" that demonstrated they are an excellent choice for catering.  Easy walking distance to Audubon Park, the Audubon Zoo.  Walk across street for a beer.  Near some nice boutique shops as well.Amazing food and options. Horrible customer service and energy. Not a single employee in the place smiled while we were there, and customers were takes to like they were a nuisance. :(Quick salad place way uptown. I love that they have a huge selection of stuff to put on your salad. Sometimes I'm pretty indecisive, so they also have some great suggestion salads as well.. What I also love is how many different dressing they have, which when compared to the nearby Whole Foods can seem a little lacking.
I've only been here once, and it was pretty delicious.. but I'm not sure how the price compares to the Whole Foods salad bar.  If I'm that way and it's right around the WF rush (4:30-6ish usually) I'd find myself coming here again.  Otherwise, I'll probably keep it with my steady salad bar (and sneak a vegan choc chip cookie..) at Whole Foods.This was my first time eating here and I ordered the Tex mex wrap with chicken. A red headed girl took my order and made my wrap. I pay for my food and wait in my wrap, while in waiting I notice I didn't get charged for chicken and by this time she's just about done making my wrap so I wait and tell her... She unfolds the wrapper and stuffs some chicken in one side and hands me it back without a word. So whatever, they didn't charge for it so I wasn't gonna make a big deal... Then as I'm eating I notice there's no avocado in the wrap. Overall, the food was good but because of the rude service I won't be back!Oooh la la....Is it horrible that I have been to this place TOO many times since opening?  I'm lovin it..wait that's Mc Donalds!!! Anyways, back to my review I have a major food crush on the cobb salad with romaine. Tried the honey mustard and ranch dressing. My most memorable lunches have been with the honey mustard, that's my beauitch. The chicken wrap was impressive, but the salad is my main lunch date. Seating is limited get there early. 
I will venture out to one of the other salad dressings, but right now I am too vulnerable with this new build your own salad craze. At the end of the day, it's fresh , healthy and quick. All perfect elements for my 60 minute lunch experience.Quality has been falling over the past 6 months. The last 3 times we've had a problem with the food. Today was the last time I will visit. The lettuce was wilted / not crunchy, the turkey was slimy, the nuts were stale...nothing positive to say. If you're going to pay $10+ for a salad, I expect fresh ingredients (like the name?). I complained and was told they would let the owner know, I promptly turned in my frequent customer card and said I will never go back.Loved it! I made my own salad with their seasonal mango dressing and it was delicious. I thought I wouldn't be full because it looked a bit small, but they actually pack it in pretty well and I wasn't hungry afterwards. Might be better if they had other sides and not only chips. Maybe daily soups? 
Will definitely be back!A pretty good salad but not worth $15.
I went in on a whim after driving past Fresh Bar many times on my way home.  I was in the mood for a salad and I figured it would be a good choice.  I had seen reviews on Yelp and they all seemed ok.  The look of the place from the street also caught my eye.
They have a nice variety of salads on the menu as well as a good number of ingredients where you can make your own salad from.
I ended up getting the Louisiana Fav with chicken and the citrus vinaigrette.  The salad was good.  I could taste that all the ingredients were fresh and the salad dressing had a good flavor (they could have put more on the salad).
My issue with the Fresh Bar is that once I got a salad with chicken (not a very large salad either) and a tea to drink my total was $15.  This just seems like a bit much for a salad and a drink to me.
I'll probably just make my way a couple blocks down to Whole Foods from now on.I tried to place a group order for a work event on a Sunday online. It did not go through and prompted me to call the store. I called and the one worker was extremely unhelpful. She said the order would not be possible at all. She was rude an disrespectful. I offered to wait an hour or come in, but she just said no. She was unwilling to help, whatsoever. We will not look to order there again.We were starving and had been eating way too much fattening nola food from the previous days. We needed to see a vegetable. Luckily this appeared out of nowhere. My salad was delicious, and I love that they give you some pre decided options for salad ingredients ( or you can make your own.) Worth a stop for a healthy lunch!A rare find and nice healthy option in the Crescent City.  My colleagues and I needed a break from hotel food and found this place.  Fresh salads, green juices and wraps.  All were fresh and green, but nothing out of this world unique.
I had the Southwestern salad with chicken.  It was standard.  But it was a nice change of pace from all the heavily dressed options offered everywhere else in town.
Juices were good.  Cold Pressed, and expensive.  $7+.Fresh Bar isn't terrible by any means but they seem to be taking short cuts where a few of the other tossed-to-order salad places around the country are going above and beyond (like DC-based Sweetgreen, especially). It's the difference between offering a slice of fresh bread instead of a packet of crackers or, not having comically tiny bowls. It's a little more work on top of a lot of work but that's what it takes to blow people away with a salad these days.This place is definitely a healthy option for a quick lunch or dinner. The food selection is great and their wraps are some of the best in New Orleans. I tend to select the "build your own" option whenever I stop in.
That being said, it is on the pricier side. A wrap, a bag of chips and a canned beverage can easily run twelve bucks or more - depending on what style of wrap you order. Finally, the two women who staff the ordering line are always unfriendly and even rude. I thought they may have been experiencing a bad day, but it is the same case each and every time I go back.Fresh Bar delivered as expected: fresh vegetables, flavorful dressing (pepper jelly vinaigrette), and a solid price. The servers were nice. The decor simple. The salad delicious. 
Glad I skipped Whole Foods to try this spot.I was super excited to hear that New Orleans was getting a healthy option.  I wasn't even aware this place existed, which explains why I had heard about it at Pure Barre. I was able to sample it after a class.  I loved my sample salad and vowed to give it a try. The girl that served our samples was friendly and knowledgeable and eager to serve us.
I got a whole different experience when I got the place.  I like the decor but it seemed kind of empty.  i felt like I was at the salad version of pink berry.  I didn't really feel welcomed when I walked in but I went out of my way to go there.  It's in a terrible location!  Definitely a place where it might want to cater to locals because I cannot imagine a tourist going that far up Magazine for an $18 salad.  Yeah, that's right $18!! I almost fell out of my shoes.  
Anyway, I was being served by teenagers that clearly didn't want to be there let alone actually make me something.  I was not inspired to leave a tip by any means.  The salad making girl was friendly enough but the group of girls at the counter counting up what I assume to be their "earnings" for the day.  I don't know maybe someone felt inspired or guilted into giving a tip.  
I highly doubt that I will be returning.  It's unfortunate because New Orleans is in desperate need of healthier options but I can go to Rouse's or Whole Foods and get a salad.  They will have to do way better if they expect me to go out of my way for an over-priced salad and bad service.  It's too pricey for what you get and the service is subpar at best! Certainly not what I expected after the service I received when I got my sample salad.I was really excited to try a place in NOLA that was healthy AND I even had a Groupon/Living Social/Whatever coupon. 
Score, right?! 
Noooo, I was left disappointed. Fresh Bar was fine, but nothing special. Plastic bowls/utensils for dining in seemed wasteful. Price was kind of high for the amount of food, even with a coupon. I walked away feeling a little ripped off. I may have stuck to my diet, but definitely didn't get what I should have for the price. 
We aren't in NYC, are we?Not worth the price tag. I would be willing to pay the price if the salad wasn't made for ants! The portion is too small and barely any ingredients included.I REALLY want to like this place...a fresh, healthy option very near my house.  Cute decor, very clean.  However, I have to say I think they are pricing themselves out of the market.  It's an order at the counter salad and wrap place.  The food was fine, but my non-meat salad wrap and a bag of chips cost me $12.  If I had ordered a drink also, that would have put me at $15 for a simple, order-at-the-counter quick lunch. I could see paying that much for table service and the sandwich was especially good.  But me thinks the price too much.I  have been a customer of Fresh Bar since it opened and I will NEVER be going back.
We usually always order our food online and pick it up to eat at home.  On this particular order, I asked for the dressing on the side.  When we arrived to a friends house, the dressing had been left out of the bag.  Unfortunately we are at a friends rental where there is no dressing in the fridge and they are traveling and need to hit the road.  Needless to say, they leave without eating the salad bc who wants to eat a dry salad.  
I called up to Fresh Bar to ask if there had been dressing left out from an order purchased online.  Yes they had forgot to put it in the bag.  I asked if it would be possible for them to take the salad off bc of no dressing.  The girl on the phone passed me off to another employee who then went to the office and I could hear her talking to the manager, or whom ever, about my question.  The manager got on the phone and asked if they could deliver the dressing.  I declined bc we were all leaving town and heading in separate directions.  She then go an attitude with me and said "you want me to take off the entire salad bc we forgot your dressing?"  Yes, I want you to take off the salad.  I hear her talking to all her employees saying "who's going to buy this salad for our customer."  Are you kidding me???  I don't want an employer to buy the salad for me, I just wanted them to know they had forgot the freaking dressing and if you could comp me this ONE time.  From there it escalated and I have never been treated the way she spoke to me.  Worst customer service!!!  I mentioned to her we live in the neighborhood and we visit Fresh Bar regularly, but I would not be returning bc of her attitude.  She had the audacity to tell me I guess your not the type of  customer who fits our brand and hung up on me.  This employee needs to have an attitude check quick.  I called back and they would answer and then hang right back up.  Finally a guy answered and I asked who the owner was and he told me he was.  He did not seem to care what had just happened and the employer told him I grabbed the bag before she could put the dressing in it.  Now this has become a complete joke because the employee HANDED ME THE BAG.   
Whomever is the owner of Fresh Bar, I would be triple checking your employers.  They will first be the ones who take your business down.Looks open, says it's open, all doors locked no one inside. It's 2:50 on a Wednesday.
Update: saw an employee for half a second before she ran away. Guess I won't be eating here.I've had the healthy tex mex wrap on wheat both times I've been here. The wrap is very good, although it is overpriced and the service can be slow at times.So I'm totally obsessed.... like I need to try every salad possible obsessed.  I always end up walking away from Whole Foods with some $14 vegetarian salad which is ridiculous so... in comparison it's not "so bad".  Plus, I think the ingredients taste better - I die for avocado on a salad.  Their dressings have been great but there is no nutrition information on any of them.
One time they charged me 50 cents to replace the cheese on a specialty salad with jalapenos so I was annoyed by that but they didn't do it the next time.  Substitutions in the minimum "category" shouldn't be extra.  
Improvements: 
Store hours on the website.
Either move the complimentary water or move the dining table away from it.  It's hidden.
Turn it up a degree or two, I know we want AC but shivering isn't comfortable either.
Open another one in Mid City!I wish I liked this place more because it is the only salad restaurant uptown. I can honestly say it is worth the drive to city greens when I am craving a big ole customized salad. The salads here are so small! I am never full when I finish and could easily eat a whole other salad! The prices would be right if the salads were big and loaded, but, to be honest, they are wimpy. My girlfriend got artichoke hearts in her salad; there were two artichoke hearts. I always feel skimped when I come here and leave hungry. The ingredients are good and fresh though. The other thing that puts me off from this place is how slow they are. I have been here a few times and each time two owners or managers or whatever they are mostly just stood around half-heartedly helping while one poor girl tried to serve all the customers.Being from Dallas originally, I have been waiting for a place like Snappy Salads to open here ever since I moved here. The prices are about the same as are the salad options. There are days I just want a light and healthy salad, and there are days I want to feel healthy but am starving and pack stuff on the salad. This place will suit both needs, and I thought the staff was pleasant. I dig it!
It is also close to Audoban park for a post-workout meal. Check it!Brilliant idea! Think Subway for Salads! Always clean. Sometimes there is a line but moves fast. Salads are always fresh and absolutely love all the many choices of toppings and the Red Wine Vinaigrette!