Excellent music, great cocktails. 
Seating was a little tight, but at least you can take a seat with great proximity to awesome performances.Great ambiance, less bro-y than the rest of the bars on bourbon.  Solid live band, good service. Had one of the best sazeracs here.This is a great place to listen to jazz.  Very good music. Great band.Music is amazing!! The ambiance is cozy and festive with the Christmas lights.  I love the decor and the Old style jazz music is perfect for the occasion!! Def coming back here!!!Let's get the biggest problem out of the way. Drink prices. Yes. They're high. But this place is on Bourbon Street! What else do you expect!?
What you WON'T expect is that this little building is a glittering jewel of class and excellent music in the middle of all the loud twerk noise and blithering drunks walking the street!
When you walk in, your beautiful hostess will try her best to seat you where you wish, but if you have no preference, she will seat you as close as she can to the band anyway. It is pretty close quarters in there, especially in the area closest to the band, but you're in there to have fun and actually enjoy that good music and company and get involved with the band and those around you. It's not like a club where you sit tight and ignore everything going on except in your immediate space. No, no, no, talk to the person next to you, engage the band and most of all, enjoy the hell out of that good old dixieland jazz!
Dixieland jazz is NOT the crappy slow paced Kenny G jizz you people listen to today. It's fast paced, makes you want to get up and dance (though, the signs say not to!), clap your hands and tap your feet!
The Fritzel's Jazz band does change it's lineup from time to time, but you get to know those guys and they get to know you. For me,  when I see that blonde dude on the piano rockin his socks off and the hat wearing banjo player in suspenders along with the bald clarinet player with glasses on the stage, I KNOW  it's gonna be a fun night. I could EASILY spend my entire night in this place, no matter how many times I've heard the songs or seen them perform, but..... them prices and my friends won't let me. Correction: it's mostly my friends. ;)
The beer is rather pricey, but again, hey, you're on Bourbon street, man. But it's not like you're getting a cheapo beer in a plastic cup and told to deal with it. There's a strong German heritage with this building, so get yourself a Warsteiner and they'll serve it to you in an actual Warsteiner glass. If you get Sam Adams, you'll get it in a nice Sam Adams glass as well.  I don't know about any other beers they serve, I hardly ever drink those brands.
Even if the prices are enough to normally keep you way, please, don't let that scare you off. There's only a one drink minimum, so go inside, sit down and get cozy and comfortable, order what you like and enjoy as much of that good music as you can before your boring and annoying friends drag you out of there so they can go to Cat's Meow or some other crappy club down Bourbon.
Here is some advice for you. Buy at least one of their CD's. It's good. I listen to a LOT of dixieland jazz artists from as far back as the 20's and the Fritzel's band's recordings are damn good. If you return to New Orleans in the future, you're gonna want to go back and get another CD, I promise you. Also, there is a nice courtyard in the back of the building if it gets a bit stuffy in there for you.
In conclusion: I love this place. You will to. It WILL become one of your fondest memories of your visit to New Orleans, and even if you're a local, it WILL become one of your stops when you decide to party for a night or two or the weekend in the quarter.Music was amazing best pure jazz I heard on Bourbon st! However atmosphere a bit too crammed and service was rushed but when a place is that busy what else is to be expected.Great band. The place is old and gross, the drinks are overpriced and so so, but the music is great. And it might be the only place on bourbon street that actually plays legit jazz musicMy husband and I had a long philosophical discussion on what the word "touristy" meant after seeing the Jumbo Shrimp Jazz Band here on a Sunday night. We both concurred that "touristy" does not in fact exclude something from being both fun and genuine. So, Yelp seeker of the non-touristy and cool, put your cynicism aside about the Bourbon Street address and enjoy a really great show. Sure, it's all tourists in there, but who cares? Everyone is a tourist somewhere. Woulda been 5 stars if not for the Bourbon Street prices of $7 Abita, but I can't put ALL my cynicism away...then I wouldn't be me.Frizel's is an anomaly on Bourbon Street. We had no idea that the French Quarter was going to be such a frat party. But, nearing the end of Bourbon Street, we heard some great jazz and stumbled inside Fritzel's. A woman in a red coat and beret walked us to picnic style seats in the packed room. Not recommended for the claustrophobic.
No cover. Great jazz. A few Belgium and German beers on draft.
If someone says there are no hip places on Bourbon street, they obviously haven't been to Fritzel's.For the music a 5 the rest that goes with it a 2 or 3.
The band plays feel good jazz music that will get your toes to tapping. I could listen to the band all night.
However, people are literally jammed into any small spot on benches or chairs in the music room.
The wait staff are not the most friendly in the world but I put up with them and the cramped conditions to hear the music. I can't prove it but I believe they "forgot" to give me enough change when I paid for drinks, which you pay for drinks for each session.We've been to NOLA a few times and my absolute favorite place to be on any given night is Fritzel's. It gets crowded and hot in the spring and summer but it's so worth it. The musicians they showcase are incredibly talented and will convert anyone into a jazz fan. If you happen to be in the city during jazz fest, it's a must to stop at Fritzel's, the energy here is something you can only find in NOLA.While you can definitely find cheaper drinks on bourbon street, I seriously doubt you'll find better jazz. Both times I went during my stay in New Orleans I was extremely impressed by the caliber of musician playing in Fritzels. The ambiance is fantastic, but unlike most other places on the street, the decor is not more important than musical talent.I was here during Mardi Gras. And somehow, during Mardi Gras, we couldn't find many clubs playing jazz on Bourbon street. I think this is the only one. Maybe there were other places. But this was the only place we could find right then. The restaurant got their own band playing. And they're good. I think the pianist' name was Richard Scott. You should listen him playing. You won't be disappointed. Too bad you're not allowed to dance here. The place is very small and it's always crowded.This place was awesome. The jazz was great and the ambiance was right up my alley. The only downside is that it is a pretty intimate space so you kind of have to get there early to get a spot for the headliner band. Also, it's one drink minimum per person per set.Music was decent this evening but I'm docking it because like most of the places on bourbon, the drinks are overpriced. The set up of the pub was nice enough but my man beef with this place is the bartenders have to be the most unhappy people in NOLA. I don't think one of them cracked a legitimate smile while I was there.
Still, the music seems to be pretty good here.Excellent club! 
For management: Ann is a terrible waitress, very rude exceptionally unfriendly. Told three couple to leave because they paid for two drinks and ordered only one. 
Arrived two minutes before the end of the set and right at the beginning of the next one threatened to kick us out if we don't order the next round. 
The hostess was yelled at by one of the three couple kicked out and he was rightfully upset, unfortunately wrong person got the heat. Ann(short lady with black curly hair, sort of Asian looking eyes) needs to be spoken to or let go. Reputation of a great jazz club is being ruined by her.Amongst the madness of Bourbon St on a Friday night we found this great little jazz club with a fantastic band; a nice refuge and step back in time.  Loved it :)We wandered in to Fritzel's without any idea what to expect and we were blown away by the Band. Best jazz we found in the French Quarter. Better than Preservation Hall!  The have a full bar and "pizza cones" which are hand held cone shaped pizzas.
The band plays in a relatively a small room but plenty of seating and we had no trouble finding a seat on New Years Eve! There is also a courtyard in the back if you need to escape for fresh air and this is where you buy the pizza cones and find the restrooms. 
Best kept secret in the Quarter.  A must do!Truly a NOLA experience.  We enjoyed the music, service was ok... but the beer was good and again the music is why you should experience frizel's!  I bought a couple of CD's and most of the band signed them.  The piano player was amazing and truly this made our last night in New Orleans fabulous.This place has all of the New Orleans charm you could ever expect. The drinks are good, the servers are VERY attentive (even during the busiest nights) and the music just blew me away! I enjoyed it so much that I ended up stopping here three out of the four nights I spent in NOLA.So many of my preconceptions busted by this town. I don't like cooked oysters. Well I love NO cooked oysters. I don't like jazz. Well turns out I really like this old time Jazz from here with trumpets! I love it. So we came here bc my colleagues wanted a real experience and didn't want to stand at preservation hall. This place has seats and also serves drinks and the band is within arms length. They play like a 30-45 minute set which is just long enough and take requests. I was glad I went. I won't go again if I'm there bc let's face it I don't love jazz that much. But I was able to appreciate the talent of these musicians so much more than I could with modern jazz. It was quite enjoyable. Love being a tourist!Our favorite venue in Nola! Always great music and the service is top notch!  Hidden gem on bourbon street!This joint on Bourbon street is the German claim to this part of the party strip. Another good live Jazz place, cozy, crowded and with little space it really does feel very European. The best part? Warsteiner vom Fass (on draft) even served in a authentic glass... in Germany about all breweries supply serving glasses with their logo to all bars, so are most likely to drink a Warsteiner beer out of a Warsteiner glass, a Sam Adams out of a Sam Adams glass and so forth...
The fireplace with some German regalia and declarations adds to the overall flair. 
I only stayed for drinks and music, both were excellent. I would certainly come back to this little place, located towards the end of the active Bourbon street. Zum Wohl!Heard the house band and they were terrific! A great place for jazz right on Bourbon Street.You want live jazz? This is by far a great place to stop by if your from out of town.  The decor is reminiscent of a prohibition style bar.  Couple that with the live music and you got a place I want to have a beer at.This intimate club is one of the coolest spots on Bourbon Street, serving up fantastic music and great drinks with no cover charge. Get there early, grab a seat at the bar or on one of the benches down front, and enjoy some of the best jazz in the French Quarter.We came to Fritzels on a Saturday night in Dec, looking for "Dixieland Jazz" music for my mum. We arrived just at the end of a set and so had to wait about 20-30 minutes for the next jazz group to arrive and set up. We were not disappointed! The music was great and we were able to grab seats up at the front. There's a 1 drink minimum per set but I don't recall the drinks being expensive. No cover but they pass around a bucket to throw some bills in to support the musicians. It's small and quite crowded but a fabulous atmosphere all around. I would highly recommend it!Oh, Fritzel's.  If I could convince my parents to remodel their basement bar after your bar and book The Jumbo Shrimp Jazz Band five nights a week, I would (and I would visit my folks more often; everybody wins!).
To paraphrase Cynthia McFine, you've got charisma.The place is small but yet cozy. This is one of only a few places on Bourbon Street that does not allow "outside" drinks inside their place. That is okay. I finished my drink and sat by the bar and ordered another mojito! 
This is one of the few places that still has live jazz. It was great and due to the place being small, the music sounded even better. 
I don't quite remember the price of the drinks, but I would say that it was about $8 for the mojito. There is no cover charge but I am pretty sure there is at least a one drink minimum. if you don't drink you can always order an overpriced coke and listened to great jazz! 
It was a very good experience and I will make sure to come back on my next vacation to wonderful New Orleans!It is what it is: Kind of a dark, quiet bar, at least before 9pm. But you know what? $4 liters of decent beer in a dark, remote corner is sometimes the best thing to be found on Bourbon. If you find yourself in need of a slight shift in gears from $5 bottomless daiquiris and jello shots, just stop here, have a drink, and collect yourself.Great music!  Great drinks!  Wonderful service and waitresses!!  Nice quieter bar and music in s crazy place.With only the hope of listening to some great music I strolled in and sat at the front of the stage (well ahead of showtime). The crowd slowly rolled in between 8:30 and 9. The small venue became lively with what was obviously a "locals" crowd. Once the band began you quickly became enthralled in what was going on. A band that was there to take you back to the old days (possibly better days) of New Orleans. The crowd cheers with every solo and enjoyable tone produced. Beer is your best bet as your in an European style jazz bar. With the possibility of a guest sit in (as in this night) you will truly be planted in your seat, ready to throw a $20 or two into the tip jar.An oasis in the middle of Bourbon street madness. Cute live music venue that looks like a tiny German beer hall. Great music and no cover charge. If you can find a seat, stay a while and enjoy!My favorite place for jazz music in New Orleans! It's quite different than the rest of bourbon street, very intimate and classy with wonderful, old school jazz music. It is pretty small so you need to get there early to get a seat. We will always spend at least one evening here on any trip to New Orleans!What a great place to catch live jazz.  Get there early for good seats, because it's just a small place.  One drink minimum, no charge for the music, but a tip jar is passed around; the music is definitely worth any amount you wish to tip.  No food, just great jazz and drinks - and being up close with the band.  Tom Fischer (clarinet), Richard Scott (piano and vocals), Brad Turby. (bass) and I'm sorry, but I forget the excellent drummer/vocalist, were playing the nights we were there.  Very Excellent!!Really enjoyed my time there. The bartender who was working was exactly the friendliest person, but it was a busy night and with tourists constantly being around... eh, I get it. Other than that, the band was amazing, the lighting makes it a cool place to sit and chill and the drinks were good. Would highly recommend to another person.Spent 6 days in NOLA. Went to Fritzel's 2 seperate nights. 2 best nights I had were spent here. LOVE THIS PLACE. The music and atmosphere is fantastic. Absolutely as good as it gets!This place has my favorite beer that is seemingly rare in the states. Live music is always fun and the community seating makes for a great way to get entertained! I'll be back!Thanks to Fritzel's for holding out against the lame karaoke or ultra-uber-blues blaring out of every other bar on this stretch of Bourbon. Saw a classy quartet on a Sun night. The drinks are pricier than other bars in the area, but worth it for some jazzy tranquility.The bar is good, but nothing special. Their jazz daiquiri was very popular with my wife. I stuck to bourbon. 
The real reason to come here is for the music. This place has the best jazz on Bourbon Street. We've spent a few days looking for good jazz and this is the place. I'm sure there are other places throughout the city to find great jazz, but Fritzel's seems to be the only place on Bourbon. 
Definitely come in after 9pm and have a drink or two early in the evening.This was my favorite live music place on my last NoLa trip. I love the vintage feeling, like stepping back in time. Even the hostess dressed in 30s style clothes. Great music and not trashy like a lot of other Bourbon St. places.Solid jazz place on Bourbon St. Probably the best jazz option on bourbon st as others have noted. Small venue. Cocktails are on the sweater side, so if that isn't your cup of tea, I'd suggest going with a beer instead for your one drink minimum. 
On my visit, customers were on the older side (more white hair than any other color) and a fair number of foreigners, which was a surprise since I rarely came across them anywhere else in NOLA. In other words, not your standard Bourbon St. venue crowd (thankfully!).Great music,  good drinks,  nice atmosphere.  All the essentials to a good time.  Worth a visit for sure.My friend found this place by chance and we were so glad she did. An oasis on Bourbon St. 
It was cold and rainy out so we got some hot drinks and listened to their live jazz band. Service was quick, not too suffocating. 
Second time we went back was more of a disappointment. The bar was noticeably emptier so the waitstaff was getting really pushy. My friends who didn't want to drink alcohol had to order $5 ginger ales and our alcoholic drinks cost $11 each. They kept coming back asking if we were ready for another round and we kept saying no. 
Fritzels is good when it is busy and the waitstaff have a bunch of other patrons to tend to.Great music! We wanted to enjoy the real NOLA experience on Bourbon Street so we popped in here on our first night in town. It was great! We loved the music and stayed all night just to hear some great Louis blues.
Pros: excellent music, fun jazzy atmosphere, no cover!
Cons: slightly pushy waitstaff/hostess, higher drink pricesWe never miss this place. Great music, stuffed to the max and everyone is friendly. An authentic experience.  No cover have to buy a couple of drinks.Recommended by a local, it did not disappoint. The house band on Saturday night was amazingly talented. If Bourbon is not your thing (like me) it's worth fighting through it to hang at Fritzel's for the night. Great old Nola charm.IMHO...best "hidden gem" for Jazz on Bourbon Street. I almost don't want to tell people about this place. No frills, just great music.Completely enchanting and magical. This place was incredibly cozy and let you be up and close to the amazing jazz performers.It has been 20+ years since I visited NOLA, I was expecting the old good times as back then. I was disappointed that it has changed a lot in the jazz scenes. However, we were so glad to find Fritzel's to hear authentic jazz on July 3, 2017. Richard Piano Scott had incredible voice with excellent piano skills, the Bass Nobu Ozaki was awesome, Charlie Fardella on trumpet gave us the good old time jazz scene, the drummer was great, too. We enjoyed the great music. Thank you, Fritzel's!Small cozy dive bar. The stage in the back is surrounded with chairs. A hostess directed available seats. No cover but one drink minimum for the audience. A chill place for live jazz and the band welcomed requests.The only reason I am giving this place 4 stars is because they allow smoking.
I LOVED LOVED LOVED this place. It was my first time in New Orleans and the first time on Bourbon  St. 
It was definitely an amazing experience. 
I felt liked I walked into a another world, another country. 
I highly recommend checking this place out.
This is a must on Bourdon St!I loved this place!  The music drew us in and a group leaving just about the same time assurred we could stay!  Great spot for music and local flavor, once you've walked the strip, pop in for a few sets before you go back to battling the stanky crowds on Bourbon St.Great music, great environment. I made my second trip to Fritzel's this past weekend and enjoyed it almost as much the second time (I personally enjoyed the band a little more during my first visit). There's no cover charge, but you're obligated (by policy or by conscious... I'm not sure) to buy a drink each set.
Reasonable drink prices, especially for having paid no cover to hear & see some excellent jazz. $4 to $6 for beer, $8 for one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had in recent memory. They also had a full bar and other stuff to choose from.
Seats range from the bar at the front of the pub up to bumping you knees against the stage at the back of the pub. Wait staff is friendly and helpful, as is the beautiful hostess. Definitely a "must see" if you're into good music and comradery with like minded people. No frat boys puking and screaming shirtless girls in this place!
Be sure to check out the different bands- they are all unique. Daily shows at 7 and 9pm. The 9pm show goes all night.We visited Fritzel's several times during a recent week in New Orleans. It's small and intimate, and the house band fills up the space with terrific, full tunes. You simply can't do any better. They're nearly always playing, always good. No cover, but you'll  required to buy a drink, and you'll want to tip the band when they're done. Fantastic place, great time. Absolutely perfect.We were just walking around at Mardi Gras and heard some amazing music inside this bar. So we got a set literally across the tiny stage where the band was playing. We ordered drinks and began to enjoy some really authentic NOLA jazz band. Very small bar but really cool atmosphere. Sitting in this bar listening to jazz was one of our favorite moments of Mardi Gras. I would definitely visit this bar again when I go back to NOLA.The one place on bourbon st where you can count on some true classic new orleans jazz. Seriously icing on the cake to your New Orleans experience. Such a fun spot! Richard "Piano" Scott was awesome- almost like a mix of Jelly Roll Morton and Louis Armstrong. Also can't discount Tom Fischer jamming on the clarinet... just altogether this place and energy is fantastic.Great traditional jazz right on Bourbon st.; the band was fantastic. Bartender was doing a Harold Lloyd impersonation; I guess I'd have nothing to say at 2am on Sat night if I had to work the bar. Not much jazz left on Bourbon St, and this place is worth paying a visit. Good, cold German beer on tap.My girlfriend found this place online. I was skeptical but after about 2 mins of hearing the house band my feet were tapping and i was tipping AND buying cd's! A definite must stop on bourbon st. Dont go for the drinks, go for the music.... But buy a drink cause' you have to. One drink minimum and all.New Orleans: birthplace of jazz and blues. So whyisit that most bars on Bourbon Street with live music resort to lame cover bands? Luckily, we heard the brass, bass, piano and drums emanating from Fritzel's and it cut right through the sonic clutter - it was exactly the slice of this city I was hoping to find. A dingy, dimly lit pub with cramped seating around a tiny bandstand, patrons watching in slighty to fully inebriated awe as a quintet of tight musicians play the hell out of their instruments. They swaggered into "Down in New Orleans" and I was in full swoon. The place exudes character and charm, and if you can tolerate cramped quarters, sitting with strangers and some cigarette smoke, you're going to be thrilled you stopped in. (Yes, they're going to pass around the tip jar for the band. Put some money in there, dummy. This is sort of how this deal works.)yes, this hit the spot.. if you like the old style jazz. We heard Fats Waller, Louis Armstrong, Jerry Roll Mortan, Louus Prima and the ol stuff u wanna listen to, if you are over 40. Very nice place to relax.Excellent music and nice ambiance. The staff was polite and the intimacy of the small venue was perfect for date night. There is no dancing so the crowd is all focused on the music.Excellent venue for French Quarter Fest. Lots of seating and a patio. Generic bar selection but fast and friendly service.I don't know if this is "tourist trap" but I'm more than happy to be trapped here. Right on Bourbon Street, it's a small intimate place with an old world feel. There was a hostess who greeted at the door and led people to open seats (and to make sure you order a drink or two). We were lucky to see 2 empty bar stools right by the door so we sat ourselves. It was a Sunday night, but the place was full. I didn't get the band's name, and I have a feeling it's a "house band" but they sounded great. 
Drinks are not exactly cheap - 2 drinks (1 cocktail and 1 beer) came to $17.50. But with no cover, I think it is a fair deal. 
While French Quarter isn't known for their music offering, this is a great spot without too far of a walk. Of course next time I'll definitely venture into Frenchmen Street area for more music venues.The drinks were a little steep for the price.  Definitely a bottled beer place, avoid the tap and any cocktail.  Unfortunately, the two nights we went this trip had disappointing jazz music, but I've been more lucky in the past.  It is definitely worth stopping by while you are on Bourbon St, but definitely hit Frenchman if you want the real stuff!Room oozes history. Maybe the best place on Bourbon to hear traditional jazz left. We always go here, but didn't catch live music this time... But we perched at the bar and heard some really ace old jazz music on the speakers. I have great memories of seeing Jacques Gauthie there, John Royen, more+. The ash trays on the table make this a hard room for asthmatics at time... Especially if the stride pianist is smoking a cigar, as is customary. LOVE IT!!One of my must stops while in town. Great jazz on Bourbon St.  One of the best bands in town! Great price, 1 drink minimum, lot of fun. Buy a CD, See you thereThe music is the best! Can stay there from 6pm to midnight. Richard Scott is the best!One of the few great places on bourbon st! It's really a different world, once you get in. Great music, has super energy. Drinks are good, their coffee drinks are worth a try! Very good service.. I'd always come here if in Nola!Love it! Great music and the seating was decent. I think they call it "European Jazz" bar, which I think is lovely. A nice gem despite being on Bourbon St. Also, it's only a one-drink minimum per set. Overall, it's comfortable, fun, and worth a visit!a great place to listen to "real" jazz with civilized people.
totally agree with Christa C.'s review.Hands down the best place for live jazz in the French quarter. Always a variety of talent from across the globe. People who work there are crazy nice and the drinks flow nicely.The music was some of the best we heard on Bourbon Street.  Much better than the cover bands up the street.
The seating and overall atmosphere is disgusting.  They cram people in to the point of uncomfortable and demand you buy a drink, $9 for a beer, immediately.  
The "hostess" showed us to two filthy stained fabric padded chairs and I said "there is no way I'm sitting on that", so we sat on a wooden bench with no back.
A huge cockroach was wandering around and the waitress shrugged, stomped on it, and kicked it under the table.  Needless to say, I ordered a drink that came from a bottle!
A bartender walked by with two 6-packs of bottled beer and the bottom fell out of one 6-packs and they shattered, my dress was covered in beer and my sandals had glass all over them.  He asked "are you ok" and kept walking.  I'm not sure what I expected, but it wasn't that.  
The music was exceptional, but I won't go back.  I'll head to Frenchmen Street (Spotted Cat, Blue Nike, dba).Fritzel's is a nice jazz bar. Quick service. The people who are complaining about drink prices must not come from big cities. $7.50 for a beer in NYC is typical - and you don't usually get a show included for that price. Fritzel's did not even charge a cover charge during Mardi Gras, so I ask these people who complain about prices - would you rather a $20 cover charge or a 1 drink minimum? Did you expect to see a great show for free? Stop being a cheapskate and spend your money. The performers and the bar need to pay their bills somehow. If you don't want to pay for service, then stay home. For the record, often jazz clubs in New York charge a cover AND a two drink minimum.....so you might not want to visit my state if you are a cheapskate. Happy listening y'all!Fritzle's was recommended to us by a nice couple while at 3Muses on Frenchmen Street.  Glad we went to Fritzel's.  Traditional Jazz with great cocktails and a super cool vibe.  I'm biased because I love the NOLA! 
WhoDAT!I think the review by Marissa L on 9/30/13 is right on the money. She described it perfectly, but I will add a few words...
My husband and I were looking for pure authentic jazz entertainment during Xmas week and although there are LOTS of bars and clubs on Bourbon Street, many of them, sadly, are like spring break college bars blasting rock and roll and even have live cover bands, but who wants to hear Jimmy Buffet covers when you're in NOLA???
This place was one of the few we found that had a 4 piece Jazz ensemble xmas week. Nice small hole in the wall. We had to wait a set or two before we could come in and get a seat. It was full. Tight. Seats maybe 50. No cover was a plus, 1 drink min was reasonable, but not when I wanted a water and they charged my $5 for a small bottle! That was a totally lame move.
However, I would still highly recommend it. It's on the outer end of Bourbon street which is good, because it wasn't jam packed with crowds the way it might be if it was in the CENTER of Bourbon Street.Come here for the music, great house band with intimate seating that let's you really feel the music. 
However, being crammed into a tight space with multiple people sharing a small bench does not make a great bar. Also, since they don't charge a cover, drinks (one-drink minimum) are overpriced.
Great place to warm up with great Jazz before going to Preservation Hall.Talk about getting lucky. We were just strolling down bourbon street and noticed the sign. I looked in to see what it was about and noticed they had a jazz band so we went it since it was on $5 cover....WOW what an awesome jazz band they were. The trombone player was off the wall crazy good and the singer was spot on. I was singing down in new orleans for days. The bar it self was kind of small but thanks to some neat stadium style bar seating it wasnt jammed in all. We wound up staying and having fun for hours. One of my favorite things from oir NOLA vacation.This little hole in wall bar smells like a ashtray, charges $5 for a bottle of Kirkland Costco bottled water and is kind of shitty inside. But what it lacks in ambiance, clean air, and free water it more than makes up for with amazing music. The live jazz band we caught on a Saturday night was really fantastic. Seating is tight and you're crammed in there, but the music was wonderful! No cover so I guess my $5 bottled water is helping to pay for the music (which I would gladly pay for). 
I'm not a fan of seedy Bourbon St, but Fritzel's was a gem (a seedy smoky gem, but a gem nonetheless) for giving us some truly fantastic music!The place to go if you are bent on listening to live music in the French quarter. Warsteiner on tap is a plus.