Friday afternoons are crazy! I saw some interesting people getting toasted. We enjoyed both the side bar (gotta get you're drink on before lunch) and lunch in the main room. Our server was awesome and made us feel at home. My first ever soft shelled crab! Too much food and wine. I feel full just thinking about it. Dress nice, bring your wallet and realize there is something to the four hour lunch.We braved Bourbon on a Friday night to return to a favorite of my partner's, Galatoire's.  I hadn't been there in years, myself.  I donned a jacket and sat down...  regarding ambience and comfort, we had excellent service overall (but had to request bread plates), but the background noise was deafening... we had to shout to each other to be heard.  
My sweetie wanted Crab Yvonne (her namesake)...  we were told that crab was "out of season" and unavailable, so we would have to substitute crawfish or shrimp. (We knew better from other area restaurants, but didn't argue.)  She went with an etouffee, it was competent but dull, not bright in its flavors or presentation. My gratinee seemed too grittily panko-ed on top. 
Her salad was likewise OK but seemed like it had been sitting for awhile.  My duck gumbo was spiced tastily but it was a small cup.  And the overwhelming noise in the first-floor main dining room impaired our enjoyment significantly.  
For the pricing and its reputation, it was an overall disappointment.  And if I ever return I will be sure to refuse a first-floor seating, only the second floor.Every year when we make our journey from LA back to Louisiana we have dinner at Galatoire's. And every year it is magic.The food is great, but the experience in toto is incomparable. From the decor to the local flavor radiating from the patrons, this restaurant is an institution. For the full experience I'd recommend spending some time at the bar upstairs before sitting down to dinner. 
If you're in NOLA from out of town some advice: By the time you get to desert, you'll know it's wrong. You'll know you've gained weight. You'll be tempted to "say no" in the interest of putting some boundaries around the forthcoming fasting period you'll have to endure once you leave the restaurant and the city. But New Orleans was not built by people who had to take off work early for Yoga. Statins will figure heavily in the future of this fine municipality. Push through. Get the desert.My visit was disappointing and I think the place is overrated.  I agree with Russ W (5/6/16)  that the service was not good--at least not from my arrogant waiter who also disappeared for 30 minutes.  Our waiter wore a republican pin on his jacket.  I'm amazed that the restaurant management allowed this!  If I have to dress up for dinner, I expect to be treated better.  Do not get the Galatoires Goute appetizer unless you like crab shells mixed in with the crab.  The incessant birthday celebrations were annoying after the 2nd time.
TIP:  Save your money and go elsewhere, like Commander's Palace or the Red Fish Grill.Nice service but really only okay food. Was expecting some good twists on classical French cooking but this really didn't deliver. Nice surroundings, good service but food that wouldn't come close  to passing muster in Paris.Great fresh fish, had the grilled red fish. The trout looked great too. Good bread and wine listohmygod is galatoire's positively divine.
but first the full disclosure:  the boy's fam are sicilians from new orleans, we cook a looooooooot of cajun/creole at home and we're pretty damn good at it...which means, of course, that we're picky.  i know:  i hate us, too.
so we've only been to galatoire's once and it was on the recommendation of a long time n.o. resident.  he said it was the best creole food in the city and i absolutely agree.  like everyone else has said in their reviews, galatoire's is an experience:  you dress for dinner (and i mean dress:  don't think you can show up without a jacket because they will politely show you the door if you lack one), the service is absolutely impeccable, the dining room is just divine and the food more than lives up to the expectation you'll have after experiencing the setting.  i still dream about the oysters rockefeller and it's the only time i've ever actually liked the turtle soup.  i can't remember what creole delight my entree was but i know it involved mudbugs and that always makes me happy.
if you're in new orleans and you're not afraid of giving the finger to emeril, go to galatoire's and know you'll have one of the best examples of regional cuisine in the entire state.  i'm jealous!A very traditional restaurant.  Another must when in New Orleans.   Food and service were excellent  very upscaleI could not be more impressed. I was eating alone, which I don't usually like to do, and I think my server sensed that I felt less than comfortable and brought me their cookbook to peruse. She recommended a fabulous dish- the sautéed crabs that were caught fresh that day and encouraged me to try their escargot. Both were phenomenal, thank you Maja! Their rosé is delightful, and I was happily shocked when I saw the nice pour. Galatoires was wonderful, and there's so much history behind their restaurant. I really recommend going and asking your server what you can't miss out on, it was the best decision I didn't have to make!- TIP:  The goute appetizer is great.  Perfect mix; not too filling.   But there are much better classic creole restaurants in NOLA.
- CON:  Service is awful for a 'classic' 'NOLA staple' restaurant.  Didn't receive food menus for 10 minutes.  Didn't get a drink menu until even longer.  That could be understandable...if the servers actually seemed to care.  Come to think of it; I'm not even sure who our server was.  That's how little they seem to care.
- BOTTOM LINE:   If you're going to take the effort to throw on a jacket and dress for a special meal--then go to a place where they actually take the effort to treat you with the respect you deserve.  Commanders Palace is bar-none the spot to go for an old-line NOLA experience.  Galatoires is nothing short of a disappointment.The only place in New Orleans worth standing in line for. You really have to be sleeping somebody special to get a reservation here. The best turtle soup I have ever had. And, please? Men? Wear a goddamn suit.Was really excited to try this place but we ended up pretty disappointed. It's all hype. The restaurant wasn't very impressive looking, I was not excited by the atmosphere. Then our server Evangelista was not the friendliest guy... his service was not memorable and he seemed a little unhappy. He also let our plates sit for a long time without clearing them. The food was not great at all. My husband said his fish was ok but my lamb chops were just so gamey tasting and not succulent and juicy at all. The sides were just ok... they brought us plain asparagus but no seasoning or butter. The eggplant appetizer.. I did not like at all. I was just underwhelmed overall. Save your money for Commanders Palace.This place is famous and historic in its own right which automatically makes it a tourist trap I suppose. However, I really enjoyed Galatoire's.
Mentioned in A Streetcar Named Desire, and a favorite haunt of the author, Tennessee Williams, this restaurant is filled with history. The service was excellent, everyone in the South is super friendly, helpful and sweet. 
I ordered the Seafood au Gratin. All I can say is that I was blown away. This dish was unbelievable. Rich and full of flavor, I loved it. For dessert, we ordered a black bottom pecan pie with caramel. OMG. 
The only reason this place got 4 stars instead of 5 is because when compared to other famous New Orleans restaurants I had visited during my stay (NOLA, Muriel's, Acme) this was my least favorite. However, it was still great food and service.'Twas the day after Xmas and all through the place,
People were eating & drinking with smiles on their face.
They were whoopin' and hollerin' and raisin' a glass,
And hopin' to sit down and not fall on their a$$ . . .
They were celebrating birthdays and holidays and things of good cheer,
And everyone had their hand cupped close to their ear.
People were happy and in a great mood,
For the booze was flowing, and so was the food.
/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\
OK. Enough of that.
Our party of nine (five from California, four from Texas) met at Galatoire's for a holiday celebration, a 21st birthday celebration, and -- well, who really needs a reason? We are certainly out-of-towners, but we've also been coming to Friday Lunch here since well before Katrina, and we've always pleased to just let "our" waiter prepare the menu and bring out the food. This time, however, there were a couple of dietary restrictions (one was gluten-free; several do not eat pork -- often hard to do in New Orleans), but these were handled with grace, aplomb, and one completely delicious dish after another!
Some Bloody Marys, a couple of Mimosas, a Martini, and a glass of nv Duval-Leroy Brut, got things started, followed by two bottles of Patz & Hall Dutton Ranch Chardonnay helped "enliven" the conversation, and paired beautifully with classics like the Crabmeat Maison, Oysters en Brochette, Shrimp Remoulade, Duck Crepes, Drum Amandine (grilled, rather than pan fried), and lord knows what else . . . the plates were flying 'round the table almost as fast as the waiters were flying round the room!
Let's simply say that a fine time was had by all! ;^)They catered our dinner last night. The service and food was fantastic. Appetizers  beginning with shrimp remoulade, beef Wellington, and crab were my favorites. Dinner salad, fish almandine, spinach dish and tenderloin were perfect. Elizabeth - Thank you for taking care of us.Always try to eat here when we are visiting in from Dallas.  Server was a little on the slow side this time, but the food was awesome.  Sat downstairs, favorite place, lots of activity going on, birthdays, parties.  I had the crabmeat maison to start and then the crabmeat au gratin, on a crabmeat kick I guess.  The panna cotta was to die for.Sometimes an Institution needs to remember that you need to do more than rely upon your glory days.
5 of us went to Gallatoires at 9 pm last night.  The food was poor, the service mediocre and the ambiance was cold.
Of our group, one is s former Michelin 3 star cook and one is rated ine of the top pastry chefs in Paris.
We all tried local specialties.  Most were over sauced and significantly over salted.  
I ordered a 2005 condrieu and it took until half way through the meal for the staff to find it.  By 10 15 pm we were the only table in the restaurant.  There was no music and it was obvious that the staff wanted us to leave.  We skipped dessert for obvious reasons.
Dont go here. There are far better restaurant experiences in New Orleans.
PThe entire meal was not five stars but I had the best appetizer and cocktail of my life here, so I had to give this place five stars!
The Oysters Rockefeller was the most amazing dish I have ever tasted! My bf wasn't as impressed, but I was blown away! They came out completely different than I expected- cooked and green in color (not appetizing in appearance at all) and be warned, it's a massive order.
The duck gumbo was excellent (I was told)!
The shrimp creole was good not great, but I was also pretty full by that point.
The pompano was wonderful! Definitely would recommend this if you've never had it!
Men, wear jackets. Women, wear something nice. It's a sea of Lilly Pulitzer and sear sucker.I honestly found the restaurant a little pretentious. Our experience began with excellent french bread and butter but no side plates or butter knives. In a couple of minutes our table was full of crumbs no one offered to clear for us. They also served us multiple cups of ice water with condensation freely running everywhere and mixing with the crumbs. At this point I was already feeling a little messy and uncomfortable.  I ordered a primm's cup cocktail and it was good. The potato souffle was average and the duck crepe was the highlight of the meal. Our entrees were disappointing. The Crawfish etouffe was just okay and the crab entree had a mushroom to crab ratio of about 9:1. There was another shrimp entree drowning in heavy cream sauce that no one could eat after a couple bites. For dessert we ordered the bread pudding which was hard and dry. I have had much better. The servers were nice and friendly but there was something off about this place. Think more like a fine dining respite for crazy burbon street tourists than an actual fine dining haven. There were so many tables crammed into the first floor dining rooms and the chairs were just awful, tiny and no cushioning at the bottom.  A very mixed experience for sureGiven the culinary excellence this establishment is known for I was disappointed to see that at least one of my large shrimp was not deveined. I think what has brought me here to comment though is my feeling devalued a bit (middle aged woman, clearly an out of towner).  Once I pointed out this large vein of excrement on my plate (found near the end of eating the salad with delicious chunks of crabmeat), I was not offered a reduction in the bill ($24.00 salad) nor an offer of dessert, coffee, etc.  I am hoping my comment leads to some review of the kitchen work.  You expect deveining at such an established restaurant.
~Now back to the fun of NOLAFrom start to finish, this was one of the most insulting and outrageous dining experiences I've ever encountered. We were a group of three friends coming as tourists. We called in advance to ask if we needed a lunchtime reservation and I was told "We are wide open. C'mon down."
Upon entering the restaurant, we were immediately asked if we had a specific waiter that we wanted to serve us. This should have been our red flag. Since we are not locals, we did not request a specific waiter. At the lunchtime hour, the restaurant was approximately 50-60% full with plenty of open tables. We were placed at an isolated table in a dark corner adjacent to one other occupied table but away from all the other clusters of diners. The horrendous service began by bringing a loaf of bread without ever offering small plates to go with them. Menus were not brought to us when we sat down. Next, it took more than a reasonable time for our drinks to come. After the drinks arrived, we were finally given menus. This was maybe 30 minutes after initially sitting down. Weird but it seems like the type of place that wants you to take your time which is OK.
Onwards from this point was the most infuriating of the dining experience. The three of us placed our lunch orders. Shortly thereafter, we noticed that the table next to us had an order of extra crispy fried chicken delivered to their table that looked so appetizing that we began to salivate! None of us recalled seeing the fried chicken on the menu; if we did, we would certainly have ordered it. I signaled the waiter that handled the table next to us and asked him if that table ordered fried chicken and he indicated yes. I then asked if that dish was on the menu and he said "Nope" and simply walked away without even giving me an opportunity to further the conversation!
If you think that was rude, it gets even worse. Our original waiter comes back over to our table after being missing in action for who knows how long. Now since the other waiter indicated the fried chicken was not on the menu, I decided to test our assigned waiter. I told him that we really liked the look of the fried chicken at the adjacent table. I then asked him "Is the fried chicken entrée even listed on your menu?". He said "Oh definitely, it is under the poultry section." I was flat out lied to by the waiter. Next, I asked whether it was possible to cancel my original selection and order the fried chicken. He indicated that it was indeed too late as it takes "35 minutes or more" to make the fried chicken and "your order is up and I'm going back to get it now." It was not until 20-30 minutes later that our entrees showed up. We were lied to not once but now twice.
Throughout this entire dining experience, our waiter was no were to be found. Asking for the check was as hard as passing a bill through Congress. Once the check finally arrives, the waiter again is nowhere to be found to take our payment. 
It seems that unless you're a regular or a local, you can expect to receive the cold shoulder throughout your entire meal as they simply do not care about catering to tourists. The host was even hanging out having sips of wine with one of the tables he recognized the patrons of.
Again, if you think all of this is bad, it gets even worse.
We were contemplating complaining to the host because of our lack of satisfaction but we opted against it because we thought it was worthless. Boy we were right. Upon leaving our table, we see the host standing in the entry way, simply glancing at the restaurant patrons. In order to exit the restaurant, you have to walk by the host. As we walked past him, not once did the host even acknowledge our existence as we were leaving the restaurant. He simply stood mute like a marble statute until we yelled "Bye!" as we finally walked out the front door. There is absolutely no respect for tourist patronage at this restaurant. It's like a country club atmosphere. All they care about is pleasing their loyal "regulars."
Definitely the most insulting dining experience I've ever experienced.  Again, do not come here if you're a tourist. The food is not even that great. Very overrated.  The food gets a 3.5 star and the service gets a negative infinity which is why I rated this review as a 1.0 out of 5.0. The fried chicken on their "secret menu" had the appearance of a 5.0 but I will never know what it truly tastes like. 
If you're looking for a great dining experience, get out of the French Quarter and try Clancy's or Atchafalya instead.Galatoire's is a New Orleans institution and there is a reason it has stayed open since 1905. The service at Galatoire's is impeccable. From the moment you are greeted until they prepare the bill, the wait staff attends to your every need. 
The seafood is always incredibly fresh and the crab au gratin is a personal favorite. The fries oysters are a nice sharing appetizer and the shrimp remoulade is the best I have ever tasted!
Galatoire's provides an old world atmosphere without the pretense usually found at such an establishment. 
I cannot make a trip to the Crescent City without dining at this one of a kind eatery.Living on its reputation. Went for lunch with three others. Gumbo was very bland with notes of burnt flower. Crawfish dish was tasteless. Dessert was served with all the grace an elegance of s Big Mac. Don't go here. Much better food throughout New Orleans.The service is really great and the atmosphere cannot be beat. You feel like a local when you dine here. The food is just as you would expect in an upscale favorite. Delicious.The food is hands down some of the best I've had.  The service is without a doubt among the worst I've ever experienced.  Had to wait 10 minutes before being acknowledged at a table.  Had to wait 10-15 minutes for our wine. Had to wait 20 minutes to order.  Had to wait 15 minutes for our bill. Had to wait 10 minutes to get the credit card receipt to sign.
Bottom line, the food rocks but you better have plenty of time on your hands.My family and I were having lunch there. The food was good. Unfortunately, we did not know that there was a dress code during lunch, so we got sent to the bar next door. They have seats and tables in the bar area as well and the atmosphere was not bad. However, as soon as we walked in, they were rude to us. We had my niece who is 5 with us and it seems like they don't really like the idea of us bringing a child. Also, the waiter asked only one of us what we wanted to drink (We have 4 parties in the group) and left right away. We asked for the coolinary (restaurant week) menu and the attitude was just even worse. To me, the food is decent but with the bad service, I just don't think it's worthy.Best restaurant in New Orleans. Ask for Richard Faust if you want the best service.  When he brought two bowls rather than two spoons for my husband and I to share turtle soup I was impressed. Turtle soup was the wonderful but the grilled pompano (fish with mushrooms, peppers and mushrooms) he recommended was out of this world! I would eat here everyday if I could. Go! Go! Go! Make reservations first!This is my second trip, had tickets to Preservation Hall so thought this would be a good place for a pre-show dinner within easy walking distance.  The service was impeccable!  People -watching deserves 4 stars on its own.  But the food?  The house salad is worth the trip there all on its own.  I was slightly disappointed in my duck dish, but only because a dinner mate had duck at Irene's the night before and it was through the roof delicious!  The duck here was cooked perfectly and quite tasty, just not the palate tickler that the duck at Irene's is.  My dinner mate this evening definitely made better choices than I - the foie gras is melt in your mouth amazing!  After the foie gras, he ordered the Bouillabaisse - it was so rich and buttery I wanted to pick the dish up and drink it - which would definitely be frowned upon here - formal dress and manners are a must, so don't forget your jacket!For old school New Orleans dining, Galatoires is where it's at.  The high prices are worth it.  This is the kind of food you talk about while eating other food.It never disappoints ! We had a table of 9 and the service was amazing as well as the food. I got crab sardou, yum!It's not just an incredible old school restaurant with an old world atmosphere, the food is excellent.  The shrimp marguery was one of the best dishes that I've ever had, and I've been to hundreds of 5 star restaurants.   They deserve the 5 stars.   If you like an experience with ambience, this is a great choice.   The waitstaff are dressed formally and the service is superb.Put your jacket on and head to the French Quarter madness for Galatoire's! We made Sunday lunch reservations, it was busy but not packed.
Relocated our table once which the hostess accommodated (I am fine sitting at a bad table , everyone has to sit somewhere,, but I wasn't in the mood to watch servers go in and out of kitchen/back room chaos). We moved to the opposite corner table which was also tucked away, but perfect for us. We had a large family next to us , which made it hard for the server to get to our table, but he managed and  it made it strangely  and perfectly private. Speaking of service, it was great!
Hits -  Martini, dear God. Comes with your own garnishes. Wine by glass affordable. Turtle soup, godchaux salad were great. Banana pudding was a perfect end. We did not order entrees, it was so hot outside, the large salad was perfect.
Miss - outside of the seating issue which was quickly fixed, I think it was great!  For a place requiring jackets, the hostess seemed a little underdressed/unpolished but hey, everyone has an off day.  I  love the dress code,  and we made a special effort to rearrange our day  to get ready for said dresscode.Dinner at Galatoire's is an event. Our experience was two hours of dining pleasure. We were seated in the quiet upstairs which is preferable to the noisy downstairs. Make Open Table reservations in advance to get the upstairs. Service was good. Food was exceptional.Great food! The dress code was a bit silly though. It's 95 degrees in New Orleans but a woman can't wear shorts in the restaurant (mind you -it's on Bourbon street and outside the door people are topless).  However, the classic and delicious food was worth the walk back to the hotel to change into a dress.Stella took Blanche and left Stanley at home with a cold plate. Now I understand his seething anger.
Don't go looking here for a cool hip vibe or some foamy molecular gastronomy. Go here because it's Galatoire's, period.
Have the shrimp remoulade. Have a bottle of excellent wine. Chat it up with your server, and if you're lucky, you'll get Peter from Melrose and he'll tell you he gets the lamb chops, and you'll get the lamb chops, and the lamb chops will be really, really, really good and you'll wish you could take your mother who loves lamb more than anything, but you probably wouldn't even share these lamb chops with her, they're that good. 
End of lamb chop story.Rashad was amazing. Adam was outstanding. Great experience and great vibes here. And we couldn't even hear the craziness outside until they opened back up the doors and Mardi Gras madness came back into the picture... soundproof glass! Thank you gents!In the middle of the French quarter, valet parking nearby. Went for lunch.
Very charming 'old fashioned' proper silver service interior with even older staff, our waiter had worked there since '62. But that merely shows they are professional and know what they are doing. Very authentic New Orleans style menu. 
We had an outstanding Sancerre, they have a very good wine list.
Food was ' simple' but well above average and not massively overgenerous. Yes, do visit this tradition, you will not regret it.The food made up for the rest of this dining experience. 
When making our reservation the expectation was set that this would be a nice, classy restaurant. Our table felt like it had been placed there just to try and fill an empty space even though it was a bad traffic location. Our table was not ready when we were sat so our plates and utensils arrived in rounds after we were seated. We were not greeted by our waitress for atleast 10 mins after sitting and she then proceeded to be a bit awkward and gruff through out our meal. They give you a great bread that's delicious but super flaky and impossible to not get on the table while trying to tear your pieces off. This wouldn't have been an issue if our table could have been cleaned off before our meal but it was not so I just used my hand to try and clear it up. If not for the amazing food this would have been an incredibly disappointing experience. The front of house needs to match the level of the kitchen. The pork chop that I had was the most amazing piece of meat I have consumed. It was cooked to perfection. We started with the duck crepe which did not disappoint and neither did our cocktails. The feeling was that of a restaurant trying really hard to be fancy but falling short.I had the crab omelet and a hash brown side.  We had a large party, the staff and service were great.Greeting- yes
Vibe- this is the place to be
Price- a little high
Service- on spot
Parking- good luck
Food
Gumbo $8.50 very good
Turtle soup $6.75 good
Crab remoulade $12.50 refreshing
Shrimp étouffée $20 outstanding
Potato soufflé $5 good
Oysters Rockefeller $14 excellent 
WIGB? Absolutely 
This is one of the quintessential restaurants to eat at in the worldWhat a surprise right on Bourbon Street! You wouldn't imagine a fine dining restaurant like this, with classy ladies and gents dressed in their Sunday's finest, located amongst the (albeit delightful) ruckus of Bourbon Street. But there it is. 
For the experience, its well priced. The ambiance makes this place, with mirrors lining the walls, white linen table clothes, chandeliers: class, class, class! Dinner was pretty tasty, as were our drinks. I'm smitten that we found this gem.This place is snooty, expensive and surrounded by titty bars on the most annoying, hetero part of Bourbon Street. If you must venture to this corner of the Quarter, go to the Bourbon House's bar instead. Or, if you want 19th-century creole cuisine, try Antoine's.I really enjoyed my food here. What really took the cake for me was the Sazerac I had at the bar. I've never had a better one side and I'm completely spoiled.Have been here a few times, this review is for last night.  With 3 friends, had the gootee appetizer with oysters rockerfeller, escargot.  All excellent!!!!  Best in class.  The fried eggplant was good, but not great.  I really think they do appetizers best here.  Highly recommended.went on a sunday rainy night and much to our surprise the downstairs dining room was packed.  Appeared to be new orleans families having their sunday dinner.  we ordered an old fashioned to drink per other reviewers recommendation, really good.
then the crab maison for an appetizer, the sauce was perfect & huge chunks of crab. then also had the oysters wrapped in bacon & fried, really sort of melted in your mouth. had asparagus & hollandaise sauce. then each had gumbo, i don't even like gumbo but this was so fresh and wasn't too heavy.  wanted to order entree but was too full after all of this. 
will go back on the next trip!Pomp but no circumstance. Rude staff and not an experience I would revisit. There are better places with infinitely better service.  Avoid this old dog and go somewhere deserving of you $.Small forks were 11/10 would use again. If you're going to make everyone wear a jacket, at least make your food meet the expectations. The bus boys and our waiter Charles were impeccable. Extremely overrated, it seems like this place lives out of old glory.That there are people who don't love this place boggles my mind (my mind is easily boggled though, 3 times a day usually).
This is just my favorite place to eat in the city. Its the perfect experience...I was talking to a friend today, and we came up with the word "accessible", you are made to feel like you deserve to be having such a good time eating, and in the end, that's what its all about. White table cloth and yet not, just a place that's impossible to not pass a good time at.
We went on a weekday (not a Friday) about 1:00, were greeted and seated easily, usual crowd, a few big local birthday parties, a few business folks, a few tourists, a table of semi-classless idiots pretending they were old money New Orleanians (that was us, but the glitter suit probably gave it away). The waiter was exactly like I like there, attentive, but very casual...like my sweet but hopelessly terrible horse betting grandfather. We asked for a plate of mixed appetizers, and when it came, all classic, all delicious, every food group, oyster, bacon, shrimp, crawfish and crab. Later we added those puffy potato skin puffs (they might have a more official name, I can't recall) and the the amazing fried eggplant and before we knew it 2 hours passed of us drinking and talking over the appetizers and we realized we hadn't even ordered entrees yet. That's a restaurant experience.
We ordered more food; gumbos and turtle soups and salads and oysters rockefeller since at that point we weren't hungry enough for full meals (drinks started to fill me up) and the sweet potato cheesecake was divine (I never describe food as divine...that was fun, but Im never gonna do it again). 3 hours plus, and it was time to get my nails did so we had to leave without even coffee. We were eating somewhere the other day and I noted that you can always tell when the person eating near you is a local because they stay through 2 seatings, a meal is an escape and a respite, and this place delivers that perfect.
Galatoires is another world in lots of ways, a time machine and a slice of our somewhat changing city at the same time. It appears from reviews here, lots of folks don't enjoy this other world  and I just can't understand that, its a world easy to enjoy. 
One side note: By 4 PM it was not very crowded at all, maybe 4-5 tables...we were seated first and when they sat other tables they sat them all right next to us, making the empty restaurant seem lively. Thats the kind of place it is....if you are not comfortable smiling at strangers near you when they sit down, it maybe is not the place for you...it's an intimate experience like it or not. And don't get reservations and sit upstairs. Really.Oysters Rockefeller, redfish with shrimp, sweet potato pie and coffee. Fabulous meat, attentive service with smiles and sound advice. Well worth the trip to New Orleans.So so. Food doesn't have the WOW factor one would expect and receive from a modern chef. They should package their main courses, and sell them in the frozen food section of grocers. That is how I would describe the flavor of my Crabmeat Sardou.
Atmosphere and service is great. I guess I was spoiled a few nights ago by Restaurant Rebirth where our taste buds were delighted beyond words.
As with most traditions, time has passed Gallatoires by. My suggestion is get an appetizer, skip the main course, and get a dessert. You will not have missed anything.For our splurge at a quintessential NOLA dining establishment, we decided to go to Galatoire's, which also came highly recommended by my partner's coworker. 
We were greeted by a very kind hostess who apologized for the poor locations of the remaining available tables. After being seated, we noticed that there were just a few people of color dining among the white, wealthy older folks, so we felt a bit out of place but were determined to stay and enjoy the food. 
The meal started with a green salad tossed with a tasty garlic vinaigrette that wasn't too oily or overpowering. Next came my Shrimp Clemenceau, in which the shrimp were cooked longer than I usually like, but the butter wine sauce was perfectly seasoned. Accompanying the shrimp were velvety peas, cubed fried potatoes and sliced mushrooms. The portion was quite generous, and I actually couldn't eat it all. I sampled my partner's fried oysters and crab meat dishes and swooned! Even the puffed potato crisps were delectable.
The coffee was tastily strong and generously refilled. After all that food, we didn't have room for dessert, which was unfortunate cuz the sweet potato cheesecake and the chocolate pecan pie were both calling my name!
Lastly, many thanks go to Shawn, our very attentive and charming waiter whose dish recommendations we appreciated.Was told this was the best French restaurant in NOLA.  I hope that's not true.  The food was good, but not inspired.  The wait staff is formal and proper, and the ambiance is quiet, which is a plus.  It appeared to have quite a few regulars inside, chatting it up with the staff.  Maybe it's a nostalgia thing, but otherwise it wasn't a special experience.The food is good, the service started off rough and became more pleasant toward the end of our meal. For the price and the hype, I'm giving them three stars. 
There are two serving rooms; one downstairs, I hear it's typically reserved for regulars. And one upstairs for the "drop-Ins and tourists". The wait staff is not reflective of the diversity of the city, where there is not a representation of the "locals". 
I will say, we had the best oyster rockerfeller I've ever had. The oysters were the best thing...well that and the bread and butter which is so perfectly flaky on the outside and soft on the inside. The gumbo was very good, great flavor no spice though. The food is served a la carte. We had the redfish also had the fried eggplant and sautéed spinach. The spinach was perfectly prepared with a lot of lemon juice and some salt; it was served wilted. The wine list is excellent, and it should be because of the nature of the history and prestige of the restaurant. 
It was very nice to visit and I don't need to go back.First place we dined in New Orleans. Right on Bourbon this place is an original. We had  for our main course shrimp creole and a fried oyster dish that I can not remember the name of. I think we had our expectations so high we were a little disappointed with the food, rather plain and not in a good way. However we were still thrilled we came because the atmosphere, it is like one big dining room, we talked with other tables, the entire room sang happy birthday to an older man who had been coming there for years, a character of New Orleans legend with purple and gold striped pants, jacket and  bow tie came running by...overall it was a great start to our New Orleans vacation.Although the ambience is rather bare, the food and service were impeccable. We absolutely adored our server Ralph. He made the experience fantastic! :)Excellent serice.  Very good food.
The excargot and Oyster Rockefeller are second to none.  Cannot go to Galatoire's without sampling these 2 items.
I got the duck as my entree.  While not the best I have ever had, it was certainly in the top 5% of all ducks I have eaten, thus far.  My wife got the crabmeat ravigote.  This was cooked perfectly.  Honestly, I could not tell which entree I liked more.
The food is not cheap but worth it.  Great restaurant to go on a date night.We were so disappointed as we were not allowed to eat in the restaurant since we had (dressy) shorts on.  When I called a couple of weeks ago inquiring about a reservation there was no mention of a dress code.  We ended up eating appetizers in the bar area none of which were anything special.This was supposedly a must do while vising N.Orleans.  Big mistake!!  We went and tried to get a table at 11am and they said sorry we had to wait until 1:15pm so we think wow it's really that popular.  The food must be awesome...WRONG WRONG WRONG
The place is crowded and VERY loud.  The atmosphere is very old fashion and the noise does not make it pleasant at all.  So minus one star for the awful atmosphere.  Onto the food which isn't any better unfortunately:
Appetizers: 
Galatoire Goute, recommended by the waiter since it is a variety of sorts of their appetizers:  combination of the Crabmeat Maison and the SHrimp Remoulade and also the fried oysters.  The only thing edible was honestly the fried oysters.  Though they weren't that great either.  The crab and shrimp were drenched in a vinegar tasting sour bitter sauce that was disgusting.  the shrimp tasted like rubber bands because they were over cooked!
We then ordered: Red snapper (recommended by the waiter) with cauliflower and potato sides.  The fish came with crab pieces on top and shrimp as well. Again the shrimps were over cooked and tasted like rubberbands and the fish unsurprisingly at this time, was bland. We were lucky we split the entree at this point because we couldn't even finish the food split.
Very disappointing since we waited 1.5 hrs and were told on many a tourist websites that it's a must go since Friday lunches are serious in N.Orleans..which is a bunch of hooey since the food blows here and we spent around $90.  Sad. AVOID or be disappointed.  Minus 2 stars for the substandard food.  I won't give it 1 star because it wasn't that bad but it's pretty down there considering the price you have to pay to eat there and the loud noise and crowded area.  Also on another note:  A lot of the servers are black and YES I didn't see one black person dining which is pretty depressing.  Shows how divided society still is with the have nots being black and the rich people being white. We were the also the ONLY non-white people there.Aside from the locals defending Galatories and poking harsh comments toward all the tourist who are simply looking for a quality meal and had a bad experience.
It comes down to quality of food and experience . . . isn't that why we dine out!?
We had a party of 10, all dressed to the nines, made our reservation (which included a downpayment!), and took the waiters suggestions, all as told to do from the locals.  As it started off good and the waiter was great, it slowly went downhill.
The drink orders were getting mixed up and we could never catch our waiter to fix it once dinner service got rolling.  I received a Cosmo instead of wine; a friend got 5 oz of wine for $15 and didn't think this was ok, so he just took it away without asking if she wanted anything else (we were still charged for it). She ended up with no drink for the rest of dinner.
The main issue is that our food was ok.  The Pompano fish so highly recommended was really quite dry.  Our side dish that the waiter ordered for us gave each person only 2 asparagus, and a tablespoon of spinach, just not enough.  
Our suggested starter was amazing, and our overall experience was just OK.  
Let's be honest- there is a lot of hype about this restaurant and it just didn't live up to it!I love Galatoire's. The food is always delicious and fresh. I started with the turtle soup that was amazing. I was craving a salad so i got the jumbo lump crab on avacado with a mustard vinaigrette. Mr friend got the crab au gratin which was heaven.the only place on Bourbon St worth going to. Old school, tile floor, french bistro vibe, Tennessee Williams and William Faulkner ate here, and probably every other important and influential person. Don't come in tee shirts and shorts, this is a very nice place, waiters who have worked here for 40 plus years, history history history. Food is good but it almost doesn't matter. Because it's Galatoire's. The reason we love NOLA: tradition, history, mise en sceneAn old time upscale classic restaurant on Bourbon street that's been around for over 100 years so they must be doing something right.  We held a customer dinner here for 26 people in a private room upstairs.  First of all I gave to say that I eat at a lot of fancy restaurants when I travel for business so I tend to get spoiled by good food.  What set this restaurant apart from many that I have dined in was the service.  Accommodating to last minute changes they quickly converted the tables to squeeze in a few unanticipated guests.  They did exactly as instructed, not pouring the wines at the end of the night just to fill up glasses and not offering mixed drinks, though accommodating special requests.  By the way, the gin martinis were top notch.  The food for 30 was served it hour me barely Boeing the servers were there.  Best service I have had in a LONG while.Wonderful evening in the mirrored dining room. Service was excellent and food was delightful.The food is great. And I don't usually leave anything but great reviews, but I have been here for two hours and still haven't gotten my soup.  I'm in a large group for a meeting, but really...If you have a blazer, wear it, o/w they have one for you. This place does crab dishes right and the pecan pie kills!! As they say in the movies-2 thumbs up! It's deluxe!I ate at Galatoire's for their prix fixe menu for Thanksgiving. We sat on the ground floor in their beautiful main dining room and enjoyed the ambiance of a well lit, impeccable restaurant with lively service. I was especially appreciative that with three different tables open, the maitre d, Joe, sat us at the most attractive one, right by the front windows and with plenty of space. Along with the best Thanksgiving dinner I have ever had, the waitstaff is quick, effective, and kind. I could expect a new round of drinks within just a few minutes of asking for one, and I was extremely pleased with the value- about $30 prix fixe each for a lovely sliced fried turkey breast meal for myself and my visiting relatives, and in addition, some oysters to start, French 75's and desserts for all of us. I will continue to be a patron at Galatoire's, however, this year from what I understand they are booked full for Thanksgiving! I regularly recommend this place to anyone that I know who enjoys fine dining done right.Galatoire takes one back to an era of fine dining, starch white table cloths and servers in tuxs and white coats. Definitely sit downstairs for the ultimate experience. Everything we ate was great! The spinach Rockefeller is a must have! I ordered the redfish sautéed meunière amandine with a side of their famous hollandaise sauce. This was a great meal overall and I would come back again. 
Note: it is on Bourban street so it you can walk from your hotel or take a pedicab, I would recommend otherwise the traffic is grueling and parking is difficult.Galatoires is the quintessential New Orleans experience. The food is always great and there is so much to choose from. Where else can you get souffle (puffed) potatoes that are this good? All the dishes are to die for, but make sure you experience these at some point: crabmeat maison, crabmeat ravigote, oysters en brochette, oysters rockefeller, trout menieur amadine, shrimp remolaude, turtle soup, crabmeat sardou, creamed spinach and brabant potatoes. You cannot go wrong with anything, even the steaks are incredible. But DON'T make a reservation - that will put you upstairs. YOU WANT TO BE DOWNSTAIRS WHERE ALL THE FUN IS.Great service.  Waiter was attentive.  Food was good but not great.  I had a chicken dish; my wife had a fish dish; my daughter had a duck dish.  I would rate them a 6.5/10 as i tasted each one.  The duck was very good though am 8/10.Excellent meal, it is a New Orleans institution. Every single dish we ordered was amazing- we had the okra gumbo, shrimp etouffe, goute and cauliflower su gratin. Our waiter was Kenny, who was wonderful.My husband and I's recent visit was very disappointing not because of the food, but because of the service.  We were literally rushed out of there.  We went looking for a special meal in a special restaurant.  We frequent many restaurants in New Orleans and hadn't had the opportunity to go to go to Galatoire's in awhile and we wanted to try it out.  We didn't ask for a specific waiter - Big Mistake!  We repeatedly told the waiter that we wanted to take our time and enjoy the evening and even refused to order for awhile to enjoy our wine and hors d'oeuvres, but he hovered constantly and repeatedly came to the table even though it was quite obvious that we wanted to relax and have a leisurely meal.  Even though we had coffee and dessert, we finished way before two other groups of friends who are regular customers and who had arrived there long before us.  So beware,  if you're not a regular customer, you are not treated equally at Galatoire's!Nice atmosphere. Food was delicious. The sweet potato cheesecake is amazing. Shelly was our server and he was GREAT! He was super friendly and knowledgeable. Can't wait to visit on our next trip to New Orleans.as good as it gets doesn't even come close to describing galatoire's.  THE best restaurant on the planet.  never had a bad meal or a bad time.  shit, i'd eat here every day if i could.  oysters rockafeller, turtle soup, trout (or drum) margarie....   and lots of bourbon.  the good times roll here, baby.I was invited to someone's birthday lunch at Galatoire's so of course you  know I wasn't going to turn it down. It definitely was an experience I tell you that. On the day I went it wasn't so crowded probably because of the rainy weather, although you can tell it's definitely a good old boy's club. The seating seemed very close to each other, which is okay I guess unless u are paranoid person such as myself.
Service was great, but of course it will be with probably the same waiters who have been in this line of business and with Galatoire's for probably over 20 years. Very elegant, polite, and efficient there is definitely no mistaken the quality of their wait staff.
I had the chicken bonne femme and it was wonderful. Caramelized onions, bacon, chicken... How could you not love such things. Truly enjoyed that meal. For dessert I tried the bread pudding which was very yummy and great way to end my visit.
Overall my visit was pleasant but Galatoire's just makes me feel weird.Go for the crab sardou, listen to the old school waiters' recommendations and soak up a true New Orleans experience on Bourbon Street. Wear a jacket and try to go with a regular.Not to be missed on the New Orleans Fine Dining Hit Parade which also includes Antoines, Arnaud's, Commander's Palace, K Paul's -- We can only eat so much in 3 days so this trip we enjoyed Galatoire's, Arnaud's and KPaul. We arrived on Sunday the last day of Jazz fest so we had a 5PM seating (reservations made the week before) I had Bouillabaisse and it was excellent, the crawfish etoufee was great. Special mention on the VERY GENEROUS 5 shot drink pour. My Booker's lasted all though dinner. My only regret is that we didn't stay longer -- the reality shock of walking out of such genteel and classy confines onto the insanity of the last day of Jazz Fest was mentally unstabilizing. We managed to get a corner table in the Carosel Bar at Hotel Monteleone and ordered more Booker's to recover.The audible disappointment in the maitre d's voice on learning that I needed a table for one was not a promising start. Still, great service and great food, as Galatoire's reputation promised, would have made up for the grudging welcome. But I was left to amuse myself with the menu and butter, but no bread, for around 15 minutes, and only managed to get the waiter to take my order after turning around in my seat for several minutes and finally catching his eye and beckoning him after he was finished bantering with a table with more people. When the food finally arrived, it was memorable only for how unremarkable it was. The turtle soup was good, though I would have preferred the chef to have put the proper quantity of sherry in instead of having to do it myself. The oysters en brochette had little taste or savor and left me wondering whether oysters were for me, since I don't have them often. Why I had to ASK for bread is beyond me. Happily, two days later I had superb service AND oysters at Commander's Palace, though that restaurant was full to bursting and I again was a table for one. If you're coming to New Orleans as a tourist, don't bother with asking snooty Galatoire's to take your money--you'll find far better fare and service elsewhere.Went here for a ladies lunch wearing heels and a dress, while totally hung over.  The potatoes and the trout amandine got me right back to center, and I left  a bit heavier than I started!!  A true institution, you can see the lil ol ladies doing what they've been doing forever, wearing their Sunday gloves to lunch, and doing it up- old-styley.Love love love their food!!! 
I give this restaurant a 5 star because their food was amazing, their service is prompt, the staff is accommodating and their ambiance is fun! 
My friends and I went to this establishment to celebrate my bachelorette. We were seated right away! We had some last minute cancelations and they were very accommodating. 
As soon as we sat down, the service was there to take our drink orders. Mind you, it was Saturday night at 8pm but he was quick with our orders! Then they brought in fresh bread and an added bonus of their garlic bread! 
Their food was amazing! I ordered Rockefeller oysters for my appetizer and crabmeat Sardou for entree. My entree was full of crabmeat and it was so flavorful! 
Lastly, it seemed that everyone in the restaurant was celebrating something and other patrons were more than happy to be a part of each celebration. It felt welcoming!
I would high recommend this restaurant and would go back if I'm ever in the area again.Went here for Sunday lunch.  Very fun and traditional New Orleans.  Most people there had fun hats on and you can tell it was a very fun environment with great food.  Our server was very knowledgeable and gave great reccommendations.  The sweetbreads are amazing, definitely give those a try.