Came here during essence weekend. Food was so good. Right by Harrahs so central to everything .Staff was friendly and quick as well.Fantastic service, good food. And especially during a Mardis Gras parade. Good prices on big beers, including Sapporo. Came back a second night and Ashley was so accommodating.This is good, reliable sushi in the CBD near my work. It's a bit too expensive for my liking, but the fish is always fresh and they have a nice menu for sushi lovers and haters alike.
I'm am obsessed with the White Ninja roll, and have been known to eat two in one sitting. It has spicy tuna, albacore and wasabi crème and is absolutely delicious.
A few of my friends that don't care for fish have gotten the hibachi and it always looks very good.This place is A-ok.  Its good fresh sushi. Nothing overly exciting about it. I pick it up for lunch sometimes during the week.Sat at the bar, ordered a bloody Mary, Horrible!! The worst bloody Mary in the city. I watched the guy make it and just knew I was in trouble. Was shocked he actually charged me..after I said I had better. Miso soup was good. The box I had was just okay. Will stick with Sushi from now on...Very good fresh sushi.  Portions were a little on the small size, especially given the fact they are a little pricey.
I got a rainbow roll, (had many that are better).  They do the minced mayo based imitation crab filler (not a fan).
I also got the Geisha Kiss, not too bad, but the cucumber wrapper was overwelming so you only tasted cucumber.  I ended up peeling most of mine off.
The Puff Daddy was decent.  The fried crawfish were so-so.
Overall, decent sushi, but nothing to write home about.  And for what you are getting, they are smaller portions and on the high side for $$$.I've eaten at Geisha twice so far and I've enjoyed it both times. First visit we had the Crouching Tiger, LOVED it. I'm not a fan of raw tuna but I loved it!
Today:
I had their lunch special which was 2 rolls and salad for $8.95 A STEAL. Of course the rolls are the simple ones , Cali , Crunchy, Snow Crab etc. The Sweet Potato roll looked interesting but I wasn't feeling like trying anything new. 
I think Geisha might be our office's new favorite place!Solid sushi Castro just off Canal. Generous Sashimi portions, and the White Ninja is spicy goodnessService was fantastic.  The prices were better that Chicago, Detroit or Hawaii. The portions were the perfect size and the flavors were spot on.Sashimi portions are very generous and the delivery staff is fast and friendly! The food arrived in great shape. The sashimi was cold and the soup was hot. A great quick dinner option.Decent food, but my dining companion was served his meal 10 minutes before I was....is it really that hard when your restaurant is empty at 2 PM to send out all the food at the same time?An OK Japanese and Asian fusion restaurant (with some Thai dishes) on the edge of the French Quarter with good service. Funky unique decor with changing lights under the bar. 
Their hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail collar) was a success if a tad bit too salty. They offer soy sauce on the side. It should be salt and pepper. They should not salt the fish so much. Instead, grill it to bring out its flavor. Then, let the guest add salt and or pepper at the table. 
Their seafood soup was quite bland (the soup base has no taste). Their fried calamari appetizer was terrible: rubbery, not tender, tasteless.Delicious and consistently fresh. I usually get 2 of the special rolls. The white ninja is one of my favorites. The hand rolls are amazing as well. I'm a bit of a sushi addict and I've had sushi at pretty much every restaurant in the city. Geisha makes my top 3. Honestly the fish just tastes fresh. I frequently order to go from here ( their delivery is super fast as well ) but I also really enjoy dining in. It has a really cute, well put together environment in a cool location downtown and the staff is always really friendly and attentive. The servers and bartenders all seem like they really want you to enjoy your experience. I would like a little bit "livelier" of an atmosphere, but that doesn't appeal to everyone so I'll not let that affect my rating or review. It's definitely on the quiet side though...so keep that in mind. The sushi is top notch though, and the appetizers are also great. Definitely put this one on your to-try list if you haven't already.Good for kids and large groups. There were 10 of us. Nice and friendly service and the masago (smelt roe) was in point. Nice vegetarian options. It was a good break from the heavier fried options in most restaurants around the immediate area.The food and service was soooooo good I went here twice while on vacation for a week! EXCELLENT.Friendly service, tasty and fresh food, and  very fair prices. Our server was friendly,available, and efficient. We stopped twice during our visit, once for dinner and once for lunch. The quality of the food was good, everything was tasty , and frankly a nice reprieve from some of the saltier native cuisine options in the area. The price was very fair for the quality and location , and thankfully didn't approach being get another tourist trap that is too common in the area.Sushi is good, not great. If you want a quick bite, it's fine, but if you're looking for a culinary experience, head elsewhere.Good sushi, reasonably priced, and were quick with the rolls.Loved every minute of it!
Loved the furnishings, the mural, etc.  Loved the wait service, our waiter was fantastic and anticipated our every need. The location is perfect.
Our food was all around great!  I can honestly say that it was the best Philly roll and the best shumai I've ever had. A+!I was pleasantly surprised with the food... It was simply toooo good.
1stly we were there right during the Mardi Gras parade and this was probably the only restaurants with no wait.,, and we got a window table and we could see the whole parade..
We ate and walked in and out of the restaurant to enjoy the parade whole eating ...
The fried rice and the tofu vegetable entree was superb! Being a vegetarian, it was one of my best meals in NoLAWow. When I moved back to Louisiana from California, I knew the only thing I would miss about the west coast is the phenomenal sushi. I was predictably dissappointed in New Orleans sushi except for the americanized Sushi Brothers, where I go for the decidedly not japanese Black and Gold roll and some pretty damn good white tuna and salmon.
Geisha...has absolutely replaced sushi bros in my opinion. the boy and I went this week after a visiting LA friend's reccomendation. I like to mix it up with fresh simple sashimi as well as falling prey to the american rolls. My salmon cuts were sublime and fresh, and the two big rolls we got -- the puff daddy, with perfect fried crawfish tails -- and the white ninja, which was a spicy tangy cilantro-laded mouth burner that bumped the black and gold out of my number-one spot for complicated sushi rolls forever.
the service is very friendly, if not a touch slow. They are newish, after all. I really hope this place doesn't explode like everywhere else, The other thing that keeps this out of five-star territory is that the iced green tea was basically water with a very very very faint memory of green tea.
Other than that...this place rocks.Interesting takes on original sushi. 
Ordered over the phone for delivery, the person hardly spoke English making it really hard to convey our order.
Prices are outrageous. Needless to say, we won't be back.We ordered delivery and the only issue was a missing salad. When I called back they seemed very put out when I told them I would still like my salad delivered, they agreed and they hung up on me. Otherwise, the initial delivery made it quick. The crab in the California rolls was ground, which is common but I prefer them with solid pieces. The food was good. The sushi was fresh. It wasn't amazing but standard. When the salad arrived it was almost not identifiable as a salad. Who knows what happened to it along the way. Perhaps the mushy lettuce was the reason they left it out in the first place. If it was the only sushi place in town, I would go there. New Orleans has too many better options to waste time or money here.Decent sushi for an OK price. I had the salmon avocado roll, crawfish roll, and Chicken udon. I ordered the basic rolls, which had 6 pieces each, but I believe the specialty rolls have 8 pieces. The rice used in the sushi was a bit on the hard side, so wasn't a fan of that, but the salmon used was very fresh, even though it was later at night. I liked the broth (light and savory, not too salty) and noodles (boiled to the perfect amount of softness) of my udon, but the chicken was just way too dry. Just moved to NOLA so not sure how this compares to other sushi places in the area, but if I'm craving sushi, I guess I'd give this place another try.Sushi was not that great, just ok.  The rice tasted plain and not seasoned enough with vinegar and sugar.  The service was not that great either.  Waitress took order, no smile, not welcoming at all.  Throughout she did fill water but again just robot-like.  The atmosphere is strange and too dark, needs updating .  Liked the salmon skin salad a lot, great grill flavor.  Seemed like they are caught between being Japanese and being Chinese.Amazing! Delivered in 20 minutes to my hotel room. Super fresh, tasty and creative rolls! I got a Geisha Kiss roll, White Ninja roll, and spicy tuna hand roll. They followed my special requests perfectly through the delivery order on the app. Very impressed!Delicious rolls, consistently good, friendly staff.  This is my favorite sushi place in the areaThis restraunt changed too much, I ordered the soup very salty, I put one cup water, still can't drink and green leave with avocado, it was iceberg with avocado. I ordered avocado sushi, the avocado was black....very disappointed, never came back!So we went to this little place while on vacation...
STAY AWAY!!
I got a salad and chicken fried rice.
I got EXTREME food poisoning! 
Do NOT eat here!Delicious Scallops & Spinach dish. Highly recommended. Sushi is good. Service is kind of questionable and took forever when restaurant wasn't even packed. Big sushi selectionWent for dinner and had a Sakura roll and a King Cake roll.  Both were very good.  Nice atmosphere too.  It wasn't very loud (quiet crowd) which was a relief as so many restaurants in town are very loud and noisy.EXCELLENT Sushi! Lunch special was great. This was an unexpected lunch but good nonetheless.  Had the veggie lunch box. My husband had the Tuna. Service was splendid and fast. Definitely would try it again!!Ordered delivered from this place and I will honestly say that I'm very impressed. My food showed up earlier than expected, it tastes delicious, and the fish pieces you get in the rolls are bigger than what most places offer [bonus: they don't overdo it with the rice in their rolls either]. I'll definitely order from this place again next time I'm in town!It took forever to get my food. Ordered a vegie Yalu udon. The taste was awesome tho.I would have picked something more New Orleans proper. However, I am very pleasantly surprised that this sushi bar exists in the world. 
Let's start by saying I could take this back home with me to Alabama. It's eccentric...yet had classics. The way all sushi bars should be. They have hello kitty themed rolls, and sake cocktails. 
Although the dining experience may be simplistic in terms of architecture, one can feel at home in this Japanese influenced sushi bar. With comfy tables to ease the long walks on even streets, to the sushi bar itself, the art work...the sushi...Which is the ultimate ambience of all.
I rate sushi bars higher than others when they have a paper menu for sushi rolls and a sushi chef. This allows my boyfriend to eat well, pick his favorites, (Philadelphia), and try new or special ones at the restaurant (ones with panko, baked, and raw). After our expensive experience in Vegas last year, (only being able to pick one roll for our money) a sushi place for us is a contender with a list and a pencil. For me, it needs to be clean and have more than one vegetarian option. Or one damn good vegetarian option. I ask for nothing else. I'm truly not complicated just put a drink in my hand. 
Okay vegetarians...try this one on: udon soup with vegetable dumplings in a thin spinach wrap stuffed with veggies? Can I bring this bar to Alabama? Happy me. And my usual a veggie cut roll served with ginger and wasabi. All things brought to the yard.
Also, my cocktail. Can we take a minute? Fuji apple flavored sake? Turned into an apple martini ala Japan? I love flavored sake ever since I worked in a high volume Sushi bar called Riptide. Sake bombs just grew on me during long hard Thursday all you can eat nights.
I'm home in this bar. He can go to the casino up the way next time while I have a sake drink. 
My boyfriend and I find sushi no matter where we are. He didn't say much, but I knew he was happy. He ate almost every bite. And he orders a lot.The hello kitty hand roll is amazing! The yellowtail jalapeño is also one I would have again. The service is quick and our server was nice. Id come back! The green tea is watery though.OMG, such good sushi. Horrible parking. Decent service. If I had to pick a sushi place for the food itself, I'd say go here. My guilty pleasure - hey, you can walk across the street to Harrah's.I'm pregnant so I was stuck ordering cooked sushi instead of sashimi. I ordered a salmon skin roll, a California roll, miso soup and seaweed salad to take back to my hotel room, service was great but rolls kind of fell apartYummy! Pretty standard sushi, standard service, standard atmosphere. Everyone is nice...and the food is pretty good. Great for lunch, but not cheap. They also take a little bit...not the fastest sushi I've ever had;). Totally dig the "Geisha Kiss" roll...but it's unfortunately like 15 bucks...but considering the location, geisha is yummy and a solid pick!The food was pretty good, the fish was fresh and tasty, but the service wasn't so great.    The waitress wasn't very friendly and we felt like an inconvenience.  Plus she didn't know anything about the menu or ingredients used in items.I work in da quarter and this is one of the only delivery options that seems pseudo-healthy....I've probably ordered delivery 20 times (lol I know sorry). 
I say that because in all those times they've never messed anything up. I've had salmon, tuna, veggies, roe, miso soup, avocado salads, and they were all awesome. 
It usually only takes around half an hour to show up, too. I highly recommend the aforementioned avocado salad. I'm not a crazy fusion roll kinda girl so I can't speak to the works, but the fish is fresh and I've never had anything I didn't like.Although the food was decent here, they have quite a poor concept of customer relations. We sat for an extra 20-25 minutes patiently waiting for my meal to arrive after 3/4 of us had gotten served. I had to call over a waitress, who wasn't even waiting on us, to ask where my soup was.  She went to inquire, came back, and said it'd be a little longer.  At this point, my friends were mostly finished with their meals. I finally got my soup, ate half, and when our waiter returned asked him to take this off the bill and for a container to take it home since it was incredibly late and I didn't have time to eat it. He came back to say they would take it off but would also "take it back" since they were doing so?! Outrageous. This is not how you treat customers for YOUR mistakes.it was Mardi Gras day and i went for some last minute grub, as almost every place in town was closed, food was good, service was mediocre. My only complaint was a drunk ass tourist yelling at me.My friend and I came here for dinner one night during our trip to New Orleans when we wanted to eat something other than southern food. Service was good and attentive, and their menu has a wide variety of options on it. We each got a miso soup which was yummy and then split the shrimp fried rice. It was a fairly generous portion and tasty. It had onions and a bunch of pieces of shrimp in it. We also each ordered some sushi. I got the spicy tuna roll, crunchy roll and the hand grenade. I was not a fan of their spicy tuna roll as it had some weird seasoning in it. The crunchy roll was just the crab mix with some tempura flakes in it so it was tasty but nothing special. The hand grenade was pretty good and had the crab mix, eel, jalapeños, and avocado inside and then had several sauces on top. It tasted good but I wished it had a little less sauce because it made it very messy to eat. My friend got the hello kitty hand roll, salmon roll, and tuna roll. She said they were all good but nothing outstanding. The prices weren't too bad (came to about $28 a person with tax) so I would say come here if you're in the area and craving sushiWorst service ever... no service provided at all. Waited and no one cared to get our order! Seated but none of the servers even bothered to go to our table! We sat there clueless and hungry!The sushi was very fresh and tasty. They delivered which was helpful during Hurricane Patricia. We highly recommend.love their sushi! i used to work at saks so would try to hit this place up as much as possible. i've had their white ninja and hello kitty rolls and both were amazing!Awesome sushi, sashimi, hibachi etc. In a super convenient location (if you are staying near the Doubletree). Staff was very friendly and selection was huge. Spicy Tuna for me with a special Geisha Roll. Just the ticket after a night in the Quarter or at the Casino.This place was perfectly located so I could watch the Mardi Gras parade go. Typical sushi place but I was just thankful for a glass of water, a place to sit, and above all food. Service was attentive (not very knowledgeable about the parade schedule which doesn't make sense because they are right outside of their establishment! I would take advantage of that and do some marketing here guys) and they had a variety of vegetarian sushi! The grilled asparagus one was the best!I ordered the spicy noodle soup with sausage, brisket,  and pigs feet. It was the most disgusting food I've ever eaten. The soup had over any inch thick layer of red grease. Don't get me wrong,  I don't mind a little grease, especially since I was hungover, but this was not edible. I would give 0 stars if I could.Great food and service! Borderline hipster atmosphere. TERRIBLE music selection! But I will endure the pain for the excellent kingcake roll! Oh, and a little pricier than surrounding sushi restaurants!Delivery was fast. Went with the white ninja roll and the salmon avocado. Usually two rolls leaves me hungry but they were so big I could hardly finish!Crouching dragon roll very good but pricey $13, even at lunch.  Had quick serviceStopped in around 1:30pm for lunch. This place is really unimpressive. For one thing there seemed to be no air conditioning, so it was hot in the restaurant. The apps we ordered seemed to be just frozen items thrown into a deep fat fryer. Entre of Sukiyaki beef was nothing special either. For the price you can do better.So, it's really 2.5 rounded up because they turned down the blasting pop music w/out a flinch.
Yakitori for my kids was great!! And the miso soup was good in flavor and seaweed and tofu. The Tamago(egg) was not homemade so I do kinda look down on this bright yellow slice of nourishment for my kids.
Tons of creative rolls! I tried Crouching Tiger which was great for an exciting Tempura roll. Hubby had Teriyaki Salmon: 2 huge pieces w/ brown rice and steamed veggies was impressively health conscious!
My other weird thing was the ATM machine we had been seated next to. My husband had 30 hours off from his tour due to Hurricane Irene canceling Miami, so we were kinda looking for perfect places to recoup all the bad food thrown his way and a lighter fare after all the Besh foods in town. We came for location and ease to get in and feed the kids and ourselves. It was all right & if you are looking for real sushi, it's really all right.
I just miss the calm of of sushi bars of yonder ago where there was slow Koto sounds being plucked away to relax with your delicious meal, rather than the loud music everyone blares now to say, "we are young, we will make u party" sushi place. If it's gonna be pop, why not J-Pop? It's not my restaurant though, is it?
Oh and there's no Agedashi Tofu...just a PS.
And no "scary" sushi/freshness issues so, really decent if you're in a pinch.pretty good. hibachi ny strip was chewy.Great sushis, fast delivery (ordered through Yelp while visiting new Orleans) would recommend !This place was delicious! We randomly stopped here on Fat Tuesday because we were so hungry and needed to charge our phones. We got the salmon and avocado roll, the shrimp tempura roll and the tchopetula - which is what you see in pics. It's was so good we ate it too fast lol. My absolute and vodka was also strong as hell.Speedy service and friendly ..... Good specialty rolls , nothing really stands out but goodResident of Lafayette, but a frequent visitor of Nola. Saw this place by chance and decided to stop in and get some sushi, despite my fear of trying new sushi restaurants. I wasn't disappointed. We had a dragon roll, a sex in the city roll, pan-fried gyoza and a couple pieces of fresh salmon nigiri. All of it was delicious! Staff was super friendly, but service was a little slow in the beginning. Overall, I'd definitely visit again.I work next door and have been getting the asparagus tempura rolls lately, DELICIOUS!! Staff is friendly and sushi is hella cheap (price wise) for downtown...
The fried rice is soooooooo good, best I've ever had...so good! Plus they deliver...no complaints at all :) best sushi downtown for sure, fish is so fresh and wasabi is authentic...
Now I am craving a Philly roll! No fail sushi spot for sure :)Let me first say that I've been a sushi chef for over five years.  I hold sushi chefs to a very high standard, and when i rave about the sushi at Geisha, its really just that good. Super fresh and delcious, the rice was airy and the seafood clean.  Servers were really friendly, and completely knowledgable on the menu.  Just a great exprience.An OK option for sushi in this area. Sashimi salad was probably the best item we had here.I love the staff here- really cool and super friendly. The menu is overpriced but probably consistent with the area.This place was such a delight! Service was good, we called ahead and they held a table for us! It was very convenient that it was in walking distance from our hotel.
I had the miso soup, my husband had the avocado salad, both very delicious!
Next came out rolls! We tried the California, eel & the crawfish rolls! The crawfish one was truly amazing, our New Orleans favorite!Living uptown gives me sushi bar choices in pretty much any direction I choose. When lazy I go up the street to the closest, Kyoto, but when I really crave sushi it's typically Tennou on the westbank. However, lately I have been shortening my drive to Tennou by selecting Geisha. While the sushi is a bit pricey by comparison, the quality of product, presentation of dishes, and overall experience make Geisha a strong choice.
Parking is of course an issue due to location and Nola one-way streets!This place was pretty good the hostess was very friendly the place was very clean we were served at a very timely fashion. Food was very good , the special rolls were a tad Higher than I am use to paying but it's in the city so I understand and it's only a few dollars more . The only complaint I have is when we ordered me and my husband a lot of food Bc we wanted to sample a lot of stuff so I'm going to pay so I order what I want , well when we gave the lady our order sheet she was like are you going to take that to go i was like excuse me and she's like this a lot of food so if u didn't it's waste I wanted to say I am ordering I am paying I can take all this food and throw it in the garbage if I want it's none of ur business if I waste but besides that everything was goodGood miso soup, great unagi. What more can you ask for?Nice decoration. I had the Hidden Dragon, Sex & The City, Sakura and Shrimp Tempura Rolls. Also had the Gyoza (Vegetable Dumplings). Everything was delicious. Service was excellent and food arrived very fast. If you are in the area for business or pleasure and you are looking for something different than oysters, gumbo or jambalaya, give them a try. You will not be disappointed.Stopped by this joint for dinner with a couple of my friends. It wasn't packed when we got there but by the time we left it got busier. Parking is street parking just so you know. It's a bit dark outside since there isn't much street lighting.
The ambiance is pretty relaxing with the dim lights. I wish there was a bit more lighting but what can you do. The price is a bit high but it's sushi so I didn't expect much. We ordered 2 appetizers and about 5 rolls if I remember correctly. 
I don't recall what rolls but I did post a picture for the restaurant. It was all delicious! But we managed to get full off of everything between 5 people. The bill came close to 100 bucks though, but for 5 people we were satisfied.
The waitress was sweet as well as the rest of the staff. I would recommend you try it out at least once with people=]I was very pleased with this restaurant. The sashimi was fresh and the rolls very tasty. About the only downside was the loud, trendy music. I prefer to eat at restaurants not listen to music.Sub-par sushi at best. Rolls were small and falling apart. Service was slow and there were what seemed like 4 to 5 people rolling sushi.Sushi was fresh and had proper texture and flavor. Priced appropriately.
Miso soup: 5/5
Yellowtail: 4.5/5
Salmon: 5/5
Tuna: 4.5/5
Staff was kind and courteous. Will visit again.Ordered off Yelp and bam delivered two rolls in minutes after 11pm! Tchoupitoulas and Ninja roll for the win! 9-23-16Pretty good sushi for New Orleans! 
We had good service.. Although they automatically charges us a 20% gratuity to the bill. We came at lunch and only had 5 of us.
Their no rice Rolls were delicious and so was their chicken katsu.Just tried to order delivery from them to get delivered to our hotel. Online ordered at 8:29 and we had to call and cancel and get a refund at 9:40 because they never showed up. We called at 9:08 to check on it and the girl said he would be here in ten minutes. My husband went down to the lobby to make sure he was there, but no luck. When we called at 9:37, she said "oh, he is back at the store because he didn't have the number to call you and said he went there but didn't see you and couldn't call you but I just updated it in the system and he is on his way back" ...so needless to say our food would have been cold, sitting in a container for over an hour. I don't really understand how the driver didn't call the restaurant and ask for our number when we had to provide it on the online order and we had already called once before...Just to put it out there, Tchoupitoulas is spelled wrong on their to-go menu. That's really sad considering the street sign is, oh, RIGHT THERE. o_o'
Atmosphere:
I know this place hasn't been open for a while, so I wanted to give it a try a few times to give it a fair review. Every time I ate at Geisha, it was for lunch, so the energy was always business-y or quick-eat type of thing. Geisha is a decent-sized restaurant with bar and sushi bar. There's also a TV for those who needs one. They play music loudly so you can hear it outside, but that doesn't really bother me. However, it can overpower your conversation if you're sitting toward the back. The tables are also a little close together, and a big group could give you some arrangement issues. 
Food:
I'm not the one to eat regular rolls because why eat something that other places can serve just as well? I like to get the items that are uniquely theirs--or as unique as it can be. Calamari didn't impress me at all. It just had a really weird taste and wasn't crispy enough. Meh to the dipping sauce. The tuna tataki was pretty decent, but not as refreshing as I'd like it to be. The ponzu sauce could use a bit more citrus. I did have some of the regular rolls just to try it out, and as I expected, tastes about the same as any other place I've been. I do like their crouching tiger roll though (4/5 stars) because, surprise, it has tuna tataki and ponzu sauce (in case you didn't know, I LOVE tuna tataki/ponzu sauce). On a side note, something's off with their snow crab... might just be me though. 
Service:
I don't recall ever having bad service. As a matter of fact, my server today was really polite and great, even though I had to ask for plates to eat on (unless you want me to eat off the table. Ew). No big deal. He got me out of there within an hour, which is important if you only have an hour to use. 
Conclusion:
The food doesn't suck enough for you to regret spending your money there. Good job Geisha.Ordered this via Postmates and was letdown. I usually don't try sushi places out here in NOLA because, well, they suck. I ordered the spicy tuna roll and the spicy crunch roll. Both were tasteless and boring. The spicy tuna had absolutely no flavor and the crunchy roll was boring. 
One star for having Shumai here though!I never been inside this restaurant but heard great things about the dining in experience. I always order through Yelp for this restaurant. My food is always on time, always hot(depending on what I order).The delivery guys are always clean and neat with a big smile. Avocado sushi is the absolute best and the Avocado salad. The only meat I eat is Shrimp and crawfish so of course, the shrimp and crawfish rolls and asparagus rolls are to die for. I highly recommend this restaurant.SASHIMI SALAD + CRISPY SALMON SKIN!
We decided to come in between parades so it was a tad busy but they were able to accommodate for our big group of 10. We ordered a bit of everything.
*Apps: Hamachi Kama, Gyoza, Squid Steak, Yellowtail Jalapeno, Sashimi & Salmon Skin Salad
*Rolls: Crouching Tiger & Tchoupitoulas
*Entrees: Chicken Katsu
The food was very fresh and tasty. The Hamachi Kama takes about 20-25 minutes, but its worth the wait, crispy yet delicate - good portion! The Sashimi Salad + Crispy Salmon Skin isn't on the menu, but they will make it for you! THIS IS SOO BOMB! Trust me, the cubes of fresh fish contrasts perfectly with the bits crispy salmon skin! The sushi overall was good, but I felt like the portions could have been bigger.  
*Service: Good, friendly server - very attentive
Tip: Some places near parade routes raised their prices during Mardi Gras.