Beautiful space.. Smart, polite staff. The food was excellent. We were a group of five and tried several different dishes. The meatball and the tuna appetiser were excellent.. and so was everything else that followed. Cant wait to go back!!Gianna was a fabulous experience, the service, the food, the wine all just amazing! Gerald & Lee gave wonderful recommendations. The title sound the bar is adorable mix & match very old world.We arrived at the restaurant to find an army of staff and amazing decor. We were sat promptly although had to ask to sit at another table as many were free and we were sat beside another occupied table. Not sure why. The server arrived, took our wine order and poured the wine when it arrived. She explained the menu items we inquired about. The service was very good and points to them about training the service staff about the menu. The food arrived and it was all down hill from there. The capellini pasta arrived luke warm, no garnish, no cheese. The pasta was cooked well but no seasoning at all. The sauce was uneventful. The portion is very small and should be listed as an appetizer. Our second pasta was clams with tagliatelle. Three small littleneck clams and again a very small amount of pasta for $16.00 which to me is very overpriced. The pasta was cooked well, very spicy and again no garnish. Again served warm. Both pasta overpriced and underwhelmed. Home made pasta but not worth the money. We order the veal dish. Very small 3oz portion of veal again overpriced for the portion size. No garnish no side no sauce, no sage which I expected for saltimbocca. We order the focaccia bread which arrived with three small pieces of bread for $7.00 with no cheese as described. Dessert again uneventful. The dry cake cooked in the shape of a small bundt cake was presented on a small plate with a little garnish. The plate presentation did not match or suit the plate. The gelato is actually ice cream and not true gelato. The sorbetto tasted artificially flavored. Again all three items not worth the price. Very disappointing meal. If the chef is Italian I doubt she has lived and worked there. This maybe Italian influenced but it is not true Italian food having lived there, we know what that truly is. It's not served here.We have had dinner here once and found the service to be ok, the atmosphere to be unappealing and the food mediocre. Twice we have stopped by for drinks in the afternoon only to be told only service was at the bar which was crowded while tables on the deck were empty. We were told it was lunch to dinner transition. Will never go back.The whole staff was so nice and knowledgeable of the menu. Our meal was fantastic for a special occasion and they have a very nice wine list by the glass. Portions are not very big so make sure to try some small plates. We got a salad and appetizer to split and then we both got entrees and one of us got the potatoes as a side and the other a pasta - then desert! Can't wait to go backThis will be my go to for my Italian fix, meatballs, eggplant, sausage wrapped in provo cheese. Everything was great, even though only being open a short time the restaurant seems to have its act together, hard feat to pull off. Next time for dinner I'm looking forward to the shrimp with cauliflower purée.Excellent!!  I understand they have only been operating about 4 months.   If tonight was any indication, they are here to stay! 
We went there for a team dinner (9 of us total).  Perfect venue.  
Awesome atmosphere from the lighting to the walnut custom tables. 
Excellent wine list - the beers on tap were somewhat limited but excellent choices.  
The ribeye was outstanding (and I love a good ribeye) expensive but at 32oz we fed 2 of us (it was brought out to the table sliced).  
The dessert menu (including "adult" desserts) looked very tempting but I needed to stop somewhere.  
The service was perfect - helpful staff who had a good sense of humor as well.  
Lastly but not least. With a shellfish allergy, New Orleans can be a bit dicy.   They made me feel very comfortable which was the best!  
Our group was very happy to find this gem and are already planning on returning when we are back in town.Definitely a hot table.  Our reservation wasn't until 9:30 on a Friday night but the room was still packed when we arrived.  So packed that it was almost a little too loud for my tastes.  Our two servers were hustling but clearly overwhelmed by the size of the crowd and the kitchen seems to still be mastering the art of turning out dishes quickly.  Drinks, salads, and mains all took a little longer to come out than they probably should have however, our food was really good and avoided the Italian stereotype of overloading you with quantity.  The Lasagnetta almost seemed like a small plate when it arrived but the quality of the ingredients quickly made us forget our preconceived notion that it needs to be a belly bomb.  We also found the Chopped Salad to be over the top good - again, the quality and flavor of the ingredients were great and it had far more kick (spice) to it than most salads which we loved.  Gianna is a great addition to the New Orleans dining scene and we look forward to trying it again once they've worked out some of the kinks associated with being new.This is a great Italian restaurant in the heart of the city. I feel it's different than any other here as they deviate from the  "classics". I had the feed me where the chef brings out small portions of each part of the menu and it was great as nothing jumped out and I was able to try things I would not have. Also some of the things brought out weren't my favorite the salad had too much vinegar and some things were just good not great. But the desert was excellent. Overall I would recommend.My wife and I want to Gianna after hearing about it on Eater.  We thoroughly enjoyed it and plan to return regularly. 
We shared the Italian chopped salad. It was very fresh and crisp, with a delicious, tangy dressing.  For our mains, my wife had one of the light pasta dishes (can't recall name) but she loved it.  I had the veal saltimboca, which was the best I ever had.  
We sat at the bar, and had excellent service from Matt. He was very attentive, and pleasant to talk with.  
Another feather in Donald Link's cap. We will be back.Came here for a late night dinner during Jazz Fest. Turns out it had only been open for 1 week (hence the short list of reviews). An Italian paradise. Lots of attention to detail. Wait staff was AMAZING. Food was authentically good. We had the eggplant caponata and ciabatta bread (delish!) to start and then the linguini with clams and pasta asciutta (with the baked spicy sausage provola). A well-rounded and delicious meal. When this place blows up, I will be telling people.... We went the first week it opened!Wonderful meal and experience.  My sister and I are locals and so happy we tried Gianna tonight... our new favorite Italian spot!Had a delicious meal with friendly and attentive service.  The Antipasti appetizer choices were very tasty and fresh. The pasta choices were well made as well. Definitely a good choice for lunch or dinner.  Prices were reasonable for the high quality of food they prepared. I recommend Gianna's highly.An excellent restaurant that offers lots of choices and easy to share. Antipasto has list from which you can order 3, 5 or all. Small plates and entree complete the menu. Reasonably priced and ambience conducive to conversation. Went with my husband; want to return with a group to shareMy fiancé & I came for dinner late last Saturday evening and were seated without hesitation. Everything we ordered, we DEVOURED. 
Our server, Diana, was absolutely lovely- and exceptionally professional without being uptight, meaning she could joke with us and just have fun. That's the type of service we enjoy. Like we are at your home and you are giving us the best and most hospitable experience possible. 
To start, because I was STARVING, I ordered the Focaccia- with a side of olive oil, fresh cracked pepper, and Parmesan cheese to dip it in. YUM. 
We let Diana lead all our other choices from the wine to the entrees and desert. She recommended the Pici, Ravioli, the Amaretti Cake & the Sweet Milk Tartufo. Wow. Everything was AMAZING. No complaints. 
Thank you SO VERY MUCH, Diana, and to Gianna in general for providing another wonderful dining experience. We will definitely return!!!!!Beautiful restaurant inside and outside.  However, extraordinary loud, the servers couldn't hear us well and mixed drink orders due to the loudness.
Food choices were plentiful but not uniquely New Orleans.   Portions were on the small side but priced appropriately.
I'm a big fan of D. Link, but I think they have to tweak this concept....just opened ....so I'm confident they will improve.
I don't post/review often, just doing so since I would like it to succeedYou're senses are in for a treat ! And the people who work there truly make itAlways excited for new Italian eateries in town, and this new spot in the CBD did not disappoint. Decor is cool, but not over the top. Weird unicorn is...weird. Friendly, attention staff. At first I was a bit thrown by the structure of the menu, but once we realized it's sort of sharing/several-course situation, we were set. Server helped in the regard as well. Meatballs are traditional (and great), lazagnetta is definitely more on the modern side (also excellent) and the tartufo was the cherry on top (no actual cherries involved). One small thing I noticed was when our server got slammed by a large party - and we waiting to pay the bill - another member of the staff slid in and collected payment. Little things like that really are really appreciated.This place was ok, nothing too much to brag about, but not bad. 
I wasn't impressed nor disappointed. I guess I just had bigger expectations on their food.
As always any Link restaurant I've been too has great service.
And I wouldn't mind going back just because of that, sometimes new restaurants have to work their kinks out.After searching for 2 days for a restaurant that had a little more than the typical New Orleans menu we chose Gianni. Wow, what a great experience! We were welcomed from the start and our waiter Stephen, helped us choose our meal for the evening. We decided to go with Chefs choice all inclusive meal and add the special wine package. The food from start to finish was 5 star plus! The wines were also much better than an average house wine. We left feeling extremely happy (because service and food was A+) but also sad because it's going to be hard to find a restaurant that will have food at this level.  If you are looking for an excellent meal with great service and a nice clean environment, while staying in New Orleans, choose Gianni. It has reasonable prices and is just a short walk from Canal street or even the French Quarter. You will not be disappointed!  Our Chefs choice for the evening was a Pork shoulder with an orange flavor over risotto. The meal started with an elaborate salad display, then a pesto pasta, bread, the meal, dessert and a special dessert drink to end the meal. Would love them to open a restaurant in our area!  *Just want to add we eat out a lot and don't usually bother with reviews but this meal was review worthy!Went for lunch, highly recommend the sweet potato gnocchi! Delicious. Great atmosphere and service as well.Great meal, the Veal was out of this world.  Also had the gulf fish special which was drum.We are a big fan of Donald Link and his restaurants 
Gianna was quite good and the service was fine but 
I do feel compelled to mention that we were brought garlic bread and later found out we would be charged $6 for 4 slices of bread! We didn't order it
This is the first time I've ever been charged for bread   That being said the waiter took it off the bill as we hadn't ordered it but I find this to be a poor practice to charge for bread in this type of establishment. Secondly, and even more bizarre, we asked for some grated Parmesan cheese for our appetizer and were charged $2  for a small dish that we used 2 tablespoons of cheese! We were never informed that this was a chargeable item also
Come on Link group, our Bill was $250   These petty charges are unworthy of your product!Amazing experience. The food was phenomenal, service was great, atmosphere was very nice. We love Donald Link restaurants and this one is certainly another hit.One of the best simple tomato sauce dishes that I've ever tasted.  Just a perfectly balanced flavor with elegant texture of homemade pasta  with that rivals my all time favorite the Michelin rated Del Posto.  This spot is an asset to the South.Here for a convention and consider tlhis the high point of my trip to New Orleans. The food was flavorful and unique but what really took it over the top was the Southern charm and knowledge of Gerald and Lee. I will make it a point to come back for the campanelli and more time with Gerald and Lee!!We had a great experience at Gianna. Cocktails were great. The small plate tortellini was the perfect amount for myself. The brodo was amazing. Overall a great date night place.Love the esthetics here. Service was good. Food, however, did not stand out to me. It was very mediocre. Pastas were extremely oily. The spicy sausage was just sausage and provolone cheese. Nothing really special. 
We got the chocolate amaretto cake and that was really dry and stale tasting? Tasted like it's been in the fridge for a long time. 
I'm pretty disappointed in this place. Probably won't come back.Recently visited and our experience was excellent. Made a reservation on Resy, which was very easy and convenient. In Resy, I also noted that we were celebrating our 16TH wedding anniversary that day. We arrived at 4pm for pre-dinner drinks with friends, unfortunately we couldn't be accommodated with a table for 6 when most tables and seats in the dinning area were empty, but I enjoyed my watermelon cocktail. At dinner, we ordered the 5 small plate appetizer which was fun, and the special drink of the night, a watermelon mojito-like cocktail. We had entrees and dessert, but a bit underwhelming, a disconnect from the fabulous cocktails!! It was very touching that during our dessert course, a server brought out a small serving of a melon cocktail for us to celebrate with us, so kudos for the thoughtfulness. Thank you!Great looking place, but that's where it ends for me.  Potions are tiny for the price.  $11 for tiny portions of three ones on the " antipasti".  Rigatoni in a small baking dish for $15 - enough for an appetizer, not a main.This is a beautiful new restaurant from the Link Group. Everything including the pasta is made daily. Each bite is bursting with fresh flavors. A delight to eat and worth every calorie. It is a must!! Great for a romantic dinner, lunch with friends to catch up, and even for large parties!We have followed Chef Wilcomb's career and were thrilled to visit Gianna's twice this trip.  Start with tremendously helpful team service, trusted to portion out our selections (3 diners each night) and guide us through a serious though concise wine list. Choosing from the appetizers was a challenge but we triumphed: chickpea fries were light, eggplant and anchovy zesty, the mushrooms umami in a dish, the various roasted peppers including one wrapped around thin layer of tuna were all top tier texture and flavor; the toasted  bread crisp on the outside, almost cake on the inside; pastas were cooked al dente or right for the course, such as the lasagne stuffed with meats-reduced sauce; the polenta with neck sausage gravy -- I would fly back just for this dish; even a side of zucchini and squash was seasoned well and cooked only long enough to be chewed in a chunk; tartufo dessert was fine.  A few other dishes completed the experience and confirmed the bottom line: gourmet rustic Italian food in a beautiful setting (table lamps at bar are ambience builders after dark) with a diverse menu all executed to perfection.One of the best restaurant experiences I've had in a long time! 
My friends and I decided to come here after hearing great things and knowing how good the restaurant Peche is (I believe they are owned by the same people?). It was easy to get reservations online the week of so I was surprised to see how crowded it was when we arrived (not a single table was empty and there were a few parties waiting). The hostesses were very friendly and had no qualms about letting me sit at the table while I waited for my friends to arrive. The restaurant itself is gorgeous-spacious and modern with a beautiful open kitchen area, will definitely stand out among the sea of other great restaurants in the area.  
The food was wonderful! We ordered all 5 of the small antipasti plates (marinated olives, tuna-stuffed peppers, caprese salad, eggplant, and mushrooms). Our favorite was the eggplant! The portions are small so this was the perfect amount to split between 3 people to get a little taste of everything. We also ordered some focaccia bread (YUM) and each ordered a pasta dish...delicious!! I had the rigatoni with walnut pesto and it was perfection. I also tried a bite of my friend's carbonara and it was absolutely divine!! It totally had me wanting to come back just for a bowl of that warm, creamy, bacon-y goodness. They also have some great wines by the glass as well as tasty cocktails with classic Italian flavors (think Campari and Aperol). 
The real kicker of this whole dining experience was our FANTASTIC waitress and waiter, "B" (Balen) and Ty. B made our entire night!! No joke.  She was the best waitress we have had in years! She was warm and friendly and did not rush us at all with ordering our meals and could tell we were all just having a blast just catching up with each other. She was also very knowledgeable about the menu and recommended fantastic wines (that she helped keep flowing) and helped us pick our entrees. Ty was also great in helping us decide on cocktails. Management, if you're reading this, give them both a raise!
Overall, a beautiful rustic Italian restaurant with good food and superb staff.This restaurant was fantastic. Made reservations a couple days prior to the visit. Got seated immediately. The two servers we got were fantastic and so nice. It was a party of 5, so we did a lot of sharing. The meatballs ARE A MUST to try!!! Do it! And get the rigatoni with pistachio pesto! I will probably crave that forever. Would go back just for that. The ricotta lemon ravioli was really good. And the swordfish was good too! Good job!We were very excited to try Gianna. The atmosphere & wait staff were excellent! 2 of us had the Gulf Shrimp and 2 of us had the Lemon Ravioli. The shrimp were nice, plump & delicious.  The Ricotta Lemon Ravioli was superb. The lemon flavor was subtle but perfect. My only complaint was the portion size- 5 very small  ravioli. If they will increase the portion sizes a bit, they will be Numero Uno in our Arts/Warehouse Nola neighborhood.Meh. Wasn't bad, but definitely not worth the price. The staff was super friendly and the place feels expensive. I just wish the food would match. Ordered the chicken, which tasted like it had been soaking in the pot a bit too long. The linguini was good, but 5 bites is definitely not enough to fill anyone over the age of 10, at least not in America. 2.5 stars really.While service was impeccable and atmosphere was pleasant the pricing and portions are not justifiable. I went recently for a friends birthday dinner and was prepared for this to be the case but still left underwhelmed. $400 bill for 7 girls who still left hungry and not a drop of food left on the plates. I ordered the bottle of their most reasonably priced prosseco ($40) split the antipasti with table ($25) and only got one slice of salami to show for it. $12 meatball appetizer yielded three incredibly tender meatballs barely sauced. Also bread was ordered with meals and didn't arrive until after dinner plates had been cleared. Strange. Glad to have tried it out but still hurting from my $72 donation.I was really excited to finally find try this place. The hostesses were really charming and friendly, and I think that was the end of the great part. Our waiter was strange and im almost POSITIVE he was on cocaine, adderall or something similar, he circled us like a piranha the whole time and made us feel rushed. 
The food was "meh", we split 5 different items and all were "okay" to "fine", the dessert was the best part of the whole meal because the peaches were so delicious and ripe, which is sad. Flavors were lost, presentation was very boring, and it honestly was not much better than Olive Garden, but 5x the price. I'd stick with Vincent's any day, if you need something fancy and over priced go to Domenica, you'll have a better over all experience.Phenomenal service and food was excellent from start to finish!! Rowdy atmosphere..perfect for a social night out!!If you are looking for a big plate Italian eatery this isn't it.  Gianna is more about simply cooked food that let's the ingredients and technique shine (like in the handmade pastas and meatballs or marinated olives).  You're not going to leave feeling over satiated or having to loosen your belt.  We had a great time at Gianna.  Dined in with friends and we tried a bunch of the menu.  The campanelle pasta was really good, made in house.  It's not smothered in sauce, but is tossed with cheese and grilled kale (I think.  Our server didn't know) and we loved the meatballs so much we ordered 2 rounds.  Had the veal, the plate was a little messy when arriving (splattered with butter sauce), but it was still pretty simple and good.  Raviolis are light and lemon, you get 5 round raviolis with a light sauce with roasted cherry tomatoes.  The lemon mousse is so airy I could eat a whole cake probably, it's really good and not a heavy dessert at all, just right.  The restaurant is very pretty, a bit modern and plain but not in a bad way.  Bathrooms were clean and the service was okay enough, but our server didn't really seem to know much about the menu.  He was still prompt and polite.Awesome new spot. The oyster and artichoke gratinato was delicious and unique. The menu presents itself as authentic but there are some twists! The house martini was tasty and strong. The atmosphere was upscale and trendy. Service was outstanding, I'll definitely be back!This place has obvious potential, however, every dish we ordered was overly salty. Kick back on the salt a bit, and the food might have been pretty good. I had the lasagnette, which was probably the best dish overall that we ordered. Also had two drinks, nothing to write home about, unfortunately.. just tasted like bitterness overload.Beautiful atmosphere, friendly staff and delicious food. The fried fig pie was my fav!WOW!  In town on business. And a local recommended this Italian restaurant.  I had the veal it was exceptional. I had never had it prepared this way.  It was crispy almost like bacon.  Crazy to die for. I sampled all my friend dinner and they were equally as good.  I would definitely recommend!!Food was very good, but drinks were very expensive. Veal Saltimbocca was excellent and ricotta pistachio cheesecake was was heavenly! Very good service, but not a place for a quiet dinner!Beautiful location. Wonderful service. Food was amazing. Standout items were meatballs, lemon ricotta raviolis and tortellini en brodo. We also got antipasto, garlic bread, another pasta with tomato sauce, veal dish, shrimp dish. We got all of the desserts and they were light and good. Usually Italian makes you feel full but not here. We left feeling great. The portions are small and made for sharing. Good cocktails as well!Went for my 1st time wasnt that busy. Was seated quickly then after 18minutes thr waitress kept busting tables and talking and never took my order. Not a drink or food order after passing by my table and seeing my face she just never came back. I called the manager who wasn't helpful nor dis she offer to give a discount If I came back. 20$ for parking and wasting my time for nothin. But  I did notice the guy in a nice suit get tensed too really fast. Dont waste your time.  To many other choicesGreat food, good service, and nice ambiance. 
Started with meatballs, garlic bread, and a salad. I can't even describe how perfect the dressing was on the salad. 
For our entrees we had Baked lasagnetta and Ricotta lemon ravioli. Both were delicious. 
Service was attentive without being imposing. 
Love the mirror Buddha in the front!!Great atmosphere and above average food. Portions are a little small for the price.Wine and apps off the hook! Came in after a bartender recommended the place. Wine list is on price point and has a excellent selection. Not your typical selection and pleases most wine pallets. Pinot Noir was the best! 
Food: ordered the Eggplant Casseruola and it was delicious. Small portion to share or dinner for one. Flavor was great, not over fried, not too much sauce. 
Atmosphere: wonderful good tunes, great full service bar, all around windows, very bright in a good way. 
Service: spot on!My husband and I ate here last night, and it was so good that we came back for lunch.  We came for the housemade pastas, and the two we had were absolutely divine (ravioli and campanelle with roasted greens, etc.).   And this is coming from a food-obsessed person who has traveled and eaten extensively in Italy.  I cannot fault the service and staff was very friendly and accommodating.  Donna FDinner with friends on January 25, 2020; first timers. This is the loudest room I have ever been in and made for difficult conversation in our booth right next to the bar. Ordered all the antipasti and all were excellent. That was actually enough food for the four of us. However, we ordered entrees including the veal with capers; the beef lasagna; meatballs; and the tortellini. The latter was served in a large bowl of broth, which was a surprise and detracted from the taste of the pasta. It reminds one of wonton soup. The lasagnetta was served flat on a plate, the thickness of a pancake, although the serving size was adequate. The sausage provola was served in a compartmented metal plate usually seen filled with escargot. It was inedible due to its high temperature and the amount of salt. The service was good and all dishes and beverages were delivered on time. Spend was less than $400 for our foursome, which was reasonable. Our server had a large nose ring, among other piercings--a turn off for me. We will not return.The restaurant was too warm.
The lights over the booth are too low and hot.
It's feels like being in a diner.
The meatballs were good.
The pasta was like cardboard. 
Overall not exciting and it was too expensive 
At $200 for two people.
Too many other options for Italian restaurants that are better and less expensive.Heard of this new Italian restaurant so a group of friends and myself decided to check it out. Upon walking in the restaurant is very pretty, hostess was attentive, server came immediately to table, took our drink orders while we waited for the rest of the group to arrive. For the appetizers we ended up ordering the mushrooms, mozzarella, and the chickpea fritters. They were all so delicious but the portions are so tiny . I know it was 3 for 11 but with a table of 6 it just wasn't enough. For the entree I got the baked lasagna. It was a different type of lasagna almost on a flat peace of pasta, not your typical stuffed lasagna but still so good. My friend got the spaghetti with the blue crab and we split that. It was delicious. Some thought it was too spicy, It did have a little kick, but it was flavorful. For dessert we went with the pistachio cheesecake OMG ! I don't even like pistachio but please get it! They also had an apple dessert. I STILL dream about it. Do yourself a favor and get it. Honestly the food was great, the service was great, but I'm just used to bigger portions.If you're looking for an upscale vibe and office atmosphere and pricey bottles of wine then Gianna is for you.  We have tried Gianna twice now a year apart and our experiences were very similar.  We were greeted at the door and everyone was very friendly.  It is not your traditional Italian restaurant though.  Two other Italian places within two blocks have far superior meatballs and pasta but the redfish was surprisingly good.  The best part of our meal was the house Pinot noir.  This is one of those places that is a solid 3.5-4 star but not somewhere we'd want to revisit but twice a year.An excellent new Italian restaurant in the warehouse District the compliments Donald links other restaurants including herb saint, Pesche, and Cochon.The veal Saltinboca maybe the best I've ever had. The fosters are all fresh and tasty. I should also mention that it has won the beard award for the best new restaurant in the south. Like all of Donald links are the restaurants, it is delicious in the state of the art. Add this to your list of upscale dining venues.Hmmm, my favorite thing about this restaurant would be the atmosphere. The setting is beautiful. The glass windows, open floor plan, and low lighting really sets the tone for the night. The service was good, I have no complaints about that. As for the food... the portions were very, very, very small. My appetizer was the meatballs and ciabatta bread! That was divine! I could have eaten it all day, omg those meatballs were great! However, the entree selection was disappointing. I ordered the Lasagna.. I was highly disappointed in both taste and Portion. I'm not sure I'll come back for dinner but I would come for appetizers and drinks. Or just for the atmosphere.Excellent food and ambiance. 10/10. The lamb lasagne is to die for!! I enjoy the lemon tarte too. If you like key lime pie, it taste similar to that!Give it up for Gianna, and a standing ovation for our duo of servers "B" (Belen) and Ty!!!
Such a spectacular space - not a bad table in the house, and it is absolutely a place to see and be seen ASAP! My group of three was fortunate enough to get a reservation just two days in advance of our dinner date (which I honestly think was a stroke of luck!), and the hostess had no problem taking members of my party to the table before we were all present which is a huge plus in my book! I think the rule of "not being sat until all members of the party are present" is a bit stuffy but I digress. 
Because we all arrived a few minutes within each other, we all were greeted warmly by B. Yall, I could've pulled up a chair for B at my table. She had the most personable energy and added the perfect touch to our evening. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave us a beautiful explanation of "orange" wine that's on the menu. She gave us wonderful recommendations and validated each of our selections enthusiastically. Ty complimented B perfectly, never letting our finished plates sit too long or glasses go un-refilled. They kept the drinks flowing for us and delivered a phenomenal experience!
As for the food:
We ordered all of the antipasti for $25 - honestly, all of these were good but nothing was absoluely spectacular. Next time, I would probably only order the Panelle Chickpea Fritters with Honey. 
For our main course, I got the Linguine with English Peas, Guanciale, and Parmesan Cream - it was phenomenal! My friends both got the Rigatoni and both bowls were cleaned! 
Dessert, we got the Pistachio Cheescake and Sweet Milk Tartufo (which B described as a "gelato mound".. ummm SOLD!!). 
We had a wonderful night filled with laughs and I have to thank Donald Link and his team for providing the wonderful backdrop known to us as Gianna and the cherry on top being our wonderful servers. I plan to request her and Ty on my next visit, and you should too!!The crab meat spaghetti is stellar. Lots of ingredients with a touch of spice. I love it so much, I went back for a late lunch so I could have it again For dinner, i have the whole branzino fish to share and it was ugh..just DELICIOUS. can't taste the fishy taste that some place does exude because the fish was cleaned really well and desert of chocolate budino is a nice closed out. Highly recommend this place and service is outstanding too.Superb service by bartender. The Lasagna was bought for takeout. I returned home, 30 secs in the microwave and the best I have ever tasted. Can't wait to go backIf you are looking for edgy Italian, Gianna's is your place. I visited with a friend who likes to share as much as I do. We started with the meatball appetizer; it was as described- 3 homemade meatballs. Not bad but jot earth shattering. Next was the gnocchis and reimagined lasagna. Both were tasty (with the gnocchi besting). The focaccia bread was a solid add on. Dessert was delightful (the in house made gelato) and airy (the lemon mousse). Luke, our waiter, was patient and took time to explain menu items and provide recommendations.Came here yesterday with some vendors for the first some. Love the clean crisp newly decorated space.  The wait staff were great.  We ordered the ciabatta garlic bread!  AMAZING!  We ordered the Italian salads. WOW!  The only thing was the spicy peppers...maybe limit to a few...Then I ordered the polenta with lamb and sausage gravy.  It was different yet mild not gamy.  Delicious.  My other person ordered the Gulf shrimp with an eggplant ganash...The first plate was extremely full of oil in the bottom of the bowl.  We complained and waited about 20 minutes and WOW what a difference in the 2nd plate...maybe a rookie sent out the first.  Then we decided to share a dessert.  I can not say enough about this pistachio ricotta cheesecake....I am not a dessert person, so this was truly fabulous..Not sweet very refreshing and dainty.  Amazing. I can't wait to go back.We ate here for dinner during our June trip.  The staff was knowledgeable and attentive. I ordered the Veal Saltimbocca and it was too good! Excellent wine variety and the bartender made my friend some delicious cocktails. Would return!I've never felt more ripped off leaving a restaurant. My wife ordered the ricotta lemon ravioli and it was literally 6 bites of food. I ordered the tummala and it left much to be desired.
The waiters warned us that the portion sizes were small. Petite portion sizes are one thing if the food is actually good. That is not the case at Gianna. They serve small portions of average at best Italian food.
Spend your money next door at Meril and wait for this place to go out of business.Gianna is a lovely addition to New Orleans' small Italian dining scene. I made a reservation for 4 on a Thursday night and the restaurant was not busy at all. They have a unique cocktail list and I ordered the Ultima Parola, which was quite good. I knew I wanted to order the tortellini in brodo and I was not disappointed! There are about 10-15 tortellinis in a light broth and it is divine. It is not enough for a full meal, so I ordered 3 antipasti dishes as well. The mozzarella with tomatoes and basil was extremely flavorful and I highly recommend it. The highlight of the meal was probably the polenta side dish. The service at Gianna was good. Gianna is a decent place, but I feel like it pales compared to other Donald Link restaurants.I'm originally from New Orleans, so by default, I'm a food snob.  On my recent holiday visit, I decided to check out Gianna on NYE.  I'd passed it a couple of times on previous visits and wasn't going to leave this time without stopping in. 
My party of 3 quickly turned to a party of 6.  I was able to update my reservation multiple times with ease.  
The restaurant was nice with ample natural light.  I ordered antipasti for the table (everyone enjoyed) and took a while to settle on my entree.  I decided on the spicy blue crab spaghetti and a few sides for the table.  It was delicious!!!! So delicious that I tried to find a recipe when I got home (found one online from a chef at Peche that was an epic fail...same restaurant group).
Anywho, my son who is still in Nola until next week, will be bringing me some.
Overall, everyone enjoyed the experience and their food.  The only complaint was that the portions were small.  I'll be back in Nola next month and this will be one of my first stops as soon as I touch down.Atmosphere was great. Not happy with this restaurant - the tiniest portions, especially for the price! We got the "feed me" and everyone left hungry.Gianna is a real delight! Delicious and not pretentious! While it looks like a "fancy" place, they welcome everyone. From the hostess, to the waiter, to other staff helping with our table, the service was exceptional. I ordered the spaghetti with mussels and my vegetarian friend ordered the lemon ricotta ravioli. We loved our options and raved about each! We also shared the ficoccia bread, which was a teeny but oily, but that's literally how ficoccia is made, so can't complain. One thing to note is that the restaurant may change their menu a fair amount.. for example, a lot of the options that we saw online are no longer offered. So, just keep that in mind when looking online. This may mean a bit frustrating, but this also means that their menu is fresh and constantly up to date. I also ordered the Trulia (?) drink and it was amazing! I love an Old Fashioned and it was just like an Old Fashioned or Sazerac, but with a hint of coffee at the end. I don't even like coffee, but it was delicious! Overall, Gianna was a great choice! Highly recommend.Second time trying Gianna, and I was even more satisfied the second time around. Their French 75 was made PERFECTLY and the food is absolutely incredible. If you're looking for a real authentic Italian meal, Gianna is the place to go!Fantastic! Meatballs and sausage cheese appetizers were awesome. Beet salad awesome. Grilled fish, pasta, deserts all good. We sat outside with our dog and had a great time.My husband and I were very excited to try this restaurant. Unfortunately, our experience did not live up to the hype. This is definitely one I will not be eating at again. The service left a lot to be desired and the menu selection was just "OK". Nothing to write home about.Had a party of 6 last night to celebrate my wedding. Everything was so on point. The service, drinks, food and ambiance were so lovely. Some favorites were the meatballs, the mussels with pasta, and the ribeye. The staff was so patient with us laughing and carrying on. Thank you all for making our day that much more memorable.This was the best meal on our New Orleans trip. After a few days in the city we wanted to take a break from traditional Cajun food, and decided on Gianna. 
The menu seems to change (minor modifications) as we saw similar (not exact) dishes from previous yelp reviews on the latest menu. 
We did not have reservations for Saturday night, the restaurant staff was accommodating and sat us at a high top. 
We ordered a bottle of wine along with cheese bread and burrata to start. Both were fantastic! Often at restaurants the apps are better than the entrees, this was not true in this case. I ordered the chicken, my wife got the shrimp and we ordered a pasta and potatoes as sides. The pasta was nothing special, but the potatoes were amazing, the chicken was cooked perfectly, and the shrimp had a nice spicy kick.First night in New Orleans and we had a wonderful dinner. Our server was attentive and the sommelier was inviting and very knowledgeable. We bought several bottles of wine, and were delightfully impressed with a wine from Oregon! Who would have thought!  The bread is SO good, loved the meatballs app and a spicy sausage served in a mini castiron pan was fantastic ! The dinner portions are small but SO flavorful and delicious.
I had the penne pesto and would highly recommend that one. The catch of the day was good. We had a great experience. The unicorn made from driftwood is beautiful, the ambiance is modern chic with an amazing playlist. Great for group dinner, date night and work dinner. Will definitely be back!TLDR; staff was overbearing, food was underwhelming. 
I came for an early dinner with a friend. Upon arriving, we were greeted by smiling hostess which is always a sign of a good time! We were seated immediately and were introduced to our waiter.  Maybe 5 seconds after receiving our menu, the waiter comes by and asks if we decided on drinks and flips my menu over and says "It's on this side." Like. Okay? I know? Maybe if you didn't come over before I even had a chance to look at the menu, I would have been able to flip it myself? 
I ordered the Tulio ($12), which is their twist on the boulevardier. It was great and had the perfect coffee and alcohol taste.
Italian chopped salad ($9) - had salami and artichokes in it. Was good, not great. A little too acidic for my taste but was a good start to the meal. 
Baked spicy sausage provola ($14 for 7 pieces) - arrived sizzling hot in an escargot platter. Basically housemade Italian sausage topped with provolone cheese. Eat it immediately or the cheese just gets hard. I thought this was a very salty dish, but yes. Cheese and sausage is salty, so I get it. 
Broccoli ($6) - with chilies and garlic? Did not taste chili nor garlic. It was extremely citrusy. Didn't have lemon or anything in the description so I was offput. Did not really enjoy this dish. And the table next to me ordered this dish and they got regular broccoli? (View pics). So I don't know. Weird. 
Linguine w/ clams ($16) - the waiter did explain to us that the portion sizes for the pastas are pretty small, but I thought that it was an okay portion for the price. The clams are chopped into the linguine and you get 3 clams in shell on top, topped with some bread crumbs. This dish had absolutely no flavor. I don't favor salty food, but I def had to add some sprinkles of salt onto this dish. Pasta was cooked al dente and had a good bite to it. 
Roasted gulf fish ($29) - the fish that was served was swordfish. I wish I knew it was swordfish bc I wouldn't have ordered it. Usually it's too dry for me. But that was my fault for not asking. So, yes. It was super dry. Flavor was good though. It was topped with onions and tomatoes. Tasted like a Vietnamese dish my mom makes at home!
- another server did come up to us and ask how our fish was. My dining companion explained that it was very dry and he offered us another entree of our choice. But after eating half of the dish, it felt inappropriate. We did appreciate the offer very much. 
Dessert was great. Our server recommended the lemon mousse ($10) and it was on point! The perfect amount of tartness and the crust was good as well. I enjoyed the candies nuts that were on top. Butttt, for a restaurant this new, I didn't expect them to serve me a dessert on a chipped plate. But I'm just nitpicking. It didn't take away from the dessert. 
We got to enjoy their strawberry gelato on the house, too. Very sweet gesture. 
$120 without tip for our meal was a little pricey to leave unsatisfied and still hungry. Would I come back? Not anytime soon. One star really, but two stars for the gentleman who finally asked how we were enjoying our meal. Thanks again!If you're like me and have a list of "must try restaurants" you need to move this to the top of your list. This was a great experience from start to finish. I recently went here with a group of friends for my Birthday. We are a hard to please group and everyone was thoroughly impressed. The food was delicious, the drinks were great, and the service was phenomenal. Our waiters Ben and Jeremy were super helpful and very knowledgeable on the menu items. 
Being that it was a group of five, we ordered plenty of food and shared. The standout dishes for me were: veal saltimbocca, paesano potatoes, baked lasagnette, and the lemon mousse torta. My standout drink was the Isle of Capri, perfect mix of sweet and spicy.
Great location on Magazine St. but be prepared to pay for parking. I will definitely be back.Gianna offers a nice atmosphere and delicious food. I came with a group of colleagues last week and we all enjoyed our cocktails and food. 
Started with the Antipasti which was delicious (maybe my favourite part of the meal)
I had the ravioli which was perfectly cooked and the lemon flavour really stood out.
The only disappointment (and the reason why I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5) is that we weren't overly impressed with the dessert course. The dessert menu is creative and looks great, but compared to the quality of the mains it just seemed to lack some oomph.Post-Covid, Gianna is as wonderful as ever! Lamb polenta was a perfectly satisfying cold weather dish, pasta ascuitta was simple, clean, delicious, and my friend's carbonara was rich and eggy. The pasta was very al dente, which I so appreciate! #yelplove #thankyouthursdayOyster & Artichoke Gratinato (13$) : I thoroughly enjoyed this dish. However, it's nothing without the Ciabatta Garlic Bread (6$). & this appetizer put together isn't worth 19$! I like it, but if you're penny pinching, it isn't worth it. Save your money for the pasta!
Spaghetti w/ Blue Crab (15$) : Generally speaking, I love saucy foods especially PASTA! This dish isn't saucy at all & I still love it. It's so simple. The flavors are on point. You can taste the crab from the first through the last bite. It has a slight spicy kick that doesn't compound. Oh, & noodles cooked to al dente!
Ricotta Lemon Ravioli w/ Roasted Tomato (16$) : I love this pasta too! It's a perfect play on your palate. Acid & fats that complement each other. Just tasty down to the last lick!
Veal Saltimbocca (26$) : Veal was tender, juicy, & flavorful. Just enough breading for a crispy texture. 
Wood Roasted Bone-In Ribeye (85$) : A bomb ass cut of steak cooked to med rare. It's topped with just enough salt to accentuate the beef. So tender it melts in your mouth. Droooling & worth the 85$!!
I tried other menu items but these are what stood out to me. Enjoy!