Great chicken, great fries, great service.. great people. When walking in the French quarter, stop by for a snack.The fries and chicken combo. Actually really good. The food was super hot and fresh. The sauce were ok, nothing special. The fries are crispy and well season. Come try it for a quick stop from all the New Orleans  Cajun food.What a great find! We randomly walked by and had to go back for some fries. The sweet potato fries are killer! The sauce selection is terrific and everything seems homemade. I thoroughly wish I had this shop where I live. The gentleman working was very good and was appreciative of our business.The place is really cool looking,
I have had a good talk with the owners, really nice people.
The food is good, the fried chicken taste like it was freshly made and the fries and the sauce are really good. I really enjoy the concept, it is well located and I am sure that will be a successful business! 
I would really recommend that place if you are craving fries and fried chicken ! 
Definitely coming back if I am around the French quarter.This place makes one of the best tasting fries I've ever had. He hand-batters and put all the seasoning and tosses them by himself. This is not one of those two second McDonald's type of fast food fries, but instead some finger licking type of fries. Each of the type of fries we got were fried to a crisp and had the perfect taste. We got one of each of the fries and I was honestly satisfied with the taste. My favorite was the Yuka fries, they were a larger cut type of fries but very fluffy inside. The sweet potato fries were crisp but had a softer inside. The regular fries were lightly salted, but with a thicker body. The in-house made sauces were delicious and complimented the fries wonderfully. 
PROTIP: the single portions were honestly good enough to split between two people.Amazing food and selection of items. Had the fish and chicken strips with aioli and chipotle sauce, and they were the best I've had. The combo meals come with a ton of food and the service is great! Food was freshly made and served up fast! The aioli sauce is phenomenalWe have never had Belgian fries....and they were amazing!!! We had the fries with honey mustard and the chipotle dips. Everything in house is homemade and made to order, so it was super fresh and tasty. We hope you open one here in Dallas!!Good spot for a quick snack in the French Quarter.  Fries were fresh and very good.  Sauces were great too.  We tried the Yucca and regular fries.  They seem to cut the potatoes on site, not frozen.Everything was very fresh and the fish was so golden and flaky and seasoned so well. 
My favorite part of my meal was the sweet potato fries and the different sauces. 
You must try this place out if you are venturing out and around Jackson Square. 
This place is located a few steps from Jackson Brewery. Bon Appetit! 
Also, I wanted to snap a shot of the food, but I thought about it after it was all gone!This was so damn good. I had the aioli and peppernaise sauce both was good but enjoyed the peppernaise better. The guy who took my order was very kind and kept checking on me. Those fries was the best part I love those fries.. perfectly cooked for me. If your looking to crave a late night hunger like I was then this is a great spot to seekThese are the best fries I have ever had before!! Perfectly crispy and not overly greasy. There are a bunch of specialty dipping sauces but we only tried the chipotle, which was delicious. Definitely recommend!Very friendly staff that gave us a warm welcome. I knew I wanted the fries, but there was such a wide variety of sauces I didn't know which sauce to get. The lady behind the counter let me sample as many sauces as I wanted. I set my heart on the aioli sauce. Afterwards it took about five minutes for my food to come out, but that was only because they made the food fresh on the spot. As soon as I got the fries they were nice and hot. They had a soft inside and a crisp exterior, truly delicious.The PERFECT French Quarter and pre/post Bourbon Street food. The gentleman helping us was so friendly and let us sample a lot of the different sauces. The fries themselves were absolutely perfect - thick and full of potato goodness but still incredibly crispy, with incredible sauce smothered on top (or on the side, if you prefer). We shared a large among four people as a snack and I almost dragged our group back to get myself another cone. With the fries in the cone, it's the perfect food to take as you walk down Bourbon Street. Go here!!!The fries here are so perfectly crispy! Great for a quick snack before dinner or if you just have the munchies. I love that they have different potatoes you can choose. The yuka one was interesting. Sauces were also good. They give you a good amount and the service was very nice. Ugh I wish I had a fry shop like this in SD!!Good fries.  Not bad for a bite to eat while walking.  I expected something more like pommes frittes though...they used your basic foodservice mayo straight from the pump.
Overall good walking food though.  They were accomadating in putting onions on it so I could get something like the "Special" remember from Amsterdam.
I'll go back!Solid fried chicken with a range of good sauces. Not to mention the skin-on fries! Fast and easy eat in the FQ!The food here is excellent, fast, and has a limited wait. The sauces are tasty and we really loved the fries. The fish/chicken was considered better than average by my friends. I would recommend checking out this location.Freshly cooked Belgian Fries and chicken tenders with a variety of sauces. They taste great, the portion is perfect, and the price point is more than fair. The staff / owners are friendly and personable, giving it a soul that's missing from most franchises, and this the second of a family owned business. The only other one you'll find is in Guatemala City. 
They're not far from Jackson square, so if you frequent the quarter they probably aren't going to be far out of your way. And don't be afraid to go out of your way to give them a shot. The food and service is good, it's a small business worth supporting, and with the value and quality of the meal you won't regret it.They serve chicken strips and belgian fries, with your choice of sauce. We got the creolaisr and the samarai. 
Holy crap! It was delicious and cheap! I definitely have added this to my list of places to eat when in NOLA. 
The couple who run it are amazing as well. Super nice!Great snacks. Friendly people. The "creoleaise" sauce was yummy. The fries were perfectly cooked and seasoned. If you like supporting local businesses and want a snack, Golden Chips is your golden ticket.The best fries -- a must when in the French 1:5 District; cooked perfectly, NOT greasy and "meaty" :))
I had the 2 of the house-made sauces = A+Fantastic quick and easy lunch. Chicken tenders are amazing. Everything is made there not frozen. Sauces are great. Try them all! Enough to split the Golden Combo fries and chicken tenders and a few sauces.Simple but delicious menus! Clean restaurants and great atmosphere. A great place to eat especially if your craving fries!
I wasn't really hungry so I ordered only 1 chicken tender.This is principally a fry place. Delicious Belgian style fries. They also have sweet potato and yucca fries and chicken strips if you want something more substantial. The sauces really make the fry experience a treat.3/5 quarter bites
so it's one of those small spaces in the quarter where you can grab a smaller (quick, cheaper) bite. i came here at the end of FQF and it was easily accessible. 
my food was ok...the fish was sad (see pic), but the fries were ok. they had yuca as well, but didn't order. if ever i have a craving for fries i mayyy consider this if i'm in the area, but otherwise wouldn't seek it out.Nice presentation on the tray, fried in front of you freshly and so on. Indeed Tasty chips and nice sauces, but afterwards I felt problems with stomach.. very unfortunate.New Orleans - Tourists and Residents. Finally someone is cutting Fresh Potatoes and making Belgium Fries. Don't call them French Fries. They are better!
The locals get 10%.  The prices are very fair.  You will come back again and again. 
Giancarlo and Giacomo are the owners and brothers.  They will treat you well.An amazing cheap eats spot right off the Tchoupitoulas on Toulese Street! It's fries are really made from fresh potatoes as you can see them cutting them in the kitchen. I had the sweet potato fries and I might as well have been eating sweet potato strips. And the chicken tenders are freshly made to order and taste absolutely delicious! I didn't try any of their homemade sauces because I'm not huge on mayonnaise base sauces but my wife enjoyed the aioli. If you want something quick but fresh made to order and real food... EAT HERE!Wow! I've never had Belgian fries before and I am a fry connoisseur!
We stop by here twice during our stay in Nola, they were a perfect snack while walking around the French quarter. We really loved the variety of dipping sauces and fancied the Creole option! 
My only disappointment, was on our second visit. We had a few fries left and ran out of dipping sauce. We kindly asked if we could have one more pump of the sauce to finish off this delectable snack. The guy in charge said "yes that will be one dollar." I looked at him like he had four heads and said "oh, no thanks." That left or not so delicious taste in my mouth...Decided to stop and grab something.  Me and the wife thought it's got to be good.    We just had the French fries with Cajun dipping sauce.     Very good.   Thick crisp on the outside soft inside.   If you are looking for something to snack on.  I would highly recommend it .Great Service. Great tenders and Belgian fries. I recommend everyone to stop by and enjoy.Just opened up... great clean place with awesome French fries and succulent chicken tenders. You can choose your own sauces which is awesome and they taste so good. Will definitely be coming back.Definitely recommend this place food was fresh and the restaurant is clean and the owners we met were great I can't wait to see them start franchisingChicken was 1 star. Hardly edible. Over cooked, tough, oily and really messed up cuts of chicken tenders: as in solely what is the connective tissue part of the chicken breast. I do not for the life of me know why they used such low low quality chicken and I have never been served such bad cuts of chicken in my entire life. 
Fries were 4 stars. So were the sauces. 
Fish was 3-4 stars. Tender and tasted fresh.How did we miss this place? I lived in the quarter for six years there are places I enjoy eating in the places I do not! I gave this place five stars because I thoroughly enjoyed our meal and atmosphere.. Giacomo was amazing$4.50 Regular Cone
The Creolaise is the most popular sauce. (Given, given the area) I also requested to taste the Andalouse, which I liked better, but my friend was a bigger fan of the Creolaise. These chips don't have staying power (having it fresh is best), which I can't remember if Belgian fries are supposed to, but if they're twice fried... possibly! 
Otherwise, this was the EXACT food I wanted as I was walking around the French Quarter. It's just the perfect walking food and the only thing that would have made it more authentic was if it was wrapped in newspaper and the oil from the fries started to make some of the words bleed onto the potato, haha. But the cones were classy, no doubt.
The owner mentioned that the potatoes are organically sourced, which is what we attributed the naturally sweet taste of the potato to.It was a really great place except I didnt like the sauce I got but I really liked the other one I got and then I don't eat all of my chicken because it was a little chewy and hard to bite off but other than that the fries were good there is hand sanitizer but the bathroom doors lock and wasn't as big as we thoughtFiance and I stumbled upon this place while wandering through the quarter. I like fries and needed to fill my stomach with carbs before we kept drinking. The two men that were working there (not sure if one or both were owners) were super nice. I got to try all the sauces - and I love a variety of sauces. They were all great in their own way. You get to choose two with your order. We settled on the creolaise and andalouse. Fries came out hot and crispy, but also soft on the inside. I'd totally come again for a late night snack. I wish they were a little closer to all the action in the quarter.We were trying to find somewhere close to the pharmacy museum before the 1pm guided tour and found this place. Honestly, really impressed. The food took a while to come out, but that's because it was freshly fried. We were more than satisfied with the unique sauces and the seasoning on the chicken tenders. What a nice little "fast food" spot. It met and exceeded all expectations for quick fried food.Made me feel like i was eating fries in Europe ! The best fries I've had in the States! And he makes his own mayo based sauces! Amazing!!Who doesn't love fries? These Belgian style fries are delicious and fresh cut! The staff is super friendly and the fries are delicious. They have a variety of aioli sauces for you to choose from. Must stop!Had chicken and fish tenders, Belgian fries, sweet potato fries with Creolaise and Chipotle sauces. The fish tenders are OK but the chicken tenders are too dry. Fries are no better or worse than other joints. What I like most are the saucesDefinitely stop and try this.  Very fresh and clean with unique sauces.  Its soo good.  Not to be missed.Damn, I just want some fries but I've been here for over ten minutes and I still haven't gotten any. This is not a fast joint, despite appearances. I'll let you know how my fries are if I ever get to eat them.
Updated to add: not worth the wait.Love these fries! They are doubled fried for that extra crispy outside, but still soft in the center. As for the sauce, I really enjoyed the creolaise and the Chipotle sauce. The family staff was very friendly and helpful. Definitely a good walking snack if you're in the French quarter.O.M.G. this place
TIP: Order the LARGE because for $11 you will get such a large amount of chicken, fries, and 2 dipping sauces. It was enough to fill up myself and my bf.
This place is amazing in every way. It has such delicious chicken, the fries are amazing, and the sauces were incredible. I enjoyed the chipotle and andoulle. I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much, but I super did. It was a favorite of my dining experience in NOLA.The yuca fries and Aioli here are amazing. We drop in with our 12 year old son every time we're in the Quarter.Very delicious French fries. Pretty close to how they do it in Amsterdam/Europe but not 100% authentic. Recommend to visit.The perfect place to get away from craziness of Royal and Bourbon to relax and enjoy some tasty food. 
Wife and I got a large order of Yuca fries with 2 dipping sauces: Andalouse and Creolaise. Both sauces were absolutely delicious. You could really taste the bell pepper and onion in the Andalouse. My one and only criticism is about the fries. They tasted like they were frozen before and then fried. Note that we've been spoiled with the best Yuca fries ever in CA, so this comparison almost isn't fair... They were a little tough on the fry, but tasty overall. 
Service was pretty quick. The guy who took our order was great. He was friendly and provided feedback on the sauce choices. As soon as we ordered and sat down, a big group came in. They seemed to get those orders out in a timely fashion and everyone seemed happy. We heard quite a few "mmmm"s and "ohhh"s about the food before we left. The tenders looked and smelled divine. I now wish we had gotten some!Great place for chicken and French fries. Family owned and friendly service. Stop by for quick tasty bite.We just happen to walk by this place and went in. The fries were amazing. It was after the 4th of July fireworks display on the river. So this was a perfect spot for us to stop and sit and grab something quick to eat. I will definitely be going back again. The staff was very friendly and all the food was really good. They have a lot of different sauces to choose from for your fries, and the chicken strips were really good as well.These chicken tenders and fries were awesome! And the home made honeymustard was the best I've ever had. Very pleased and affordable meal. I split it with my husband and we were stuffed. Great cheap dinner near bourbon street. Everything tastes so fresh and home made.This place is delicious and one of a kind ! Tried and tenders and fish. Everything was delicious! The sauces are one of a kind. The owners super sweet and friendly and willing to help you out.Clean, friendly service, food was yummy. Good place to sit and eat. Inexpensive. Bathroom is very clean.Made fresh & perfectly seasoned. Great service and great food, a perfect midday meal or late night snackFound this place by accident. It's a hole in the wall but the Belgian fries (which they are known for) are fantastic!  Takes a few minutes to get as they make them when you order but they are worth every cent. If you are tired from walking and need a snack this is the perfect place.Place is awesome, yuca fries aré delicious, the lady said it pairs great with creolaise sauce and she wasn't lying!When you need a break from the heavily spice delicious NOLA staples.... this is the place to go! I especially loved the yucca fries...so good and really hit the spot!Passed by and kept going as my heart was settled on The Gumbo Shop after the worst food last night at Oceana. Our son really wanted to stop here but we went and got in line at The Gumbo Shop only to hear how starving he was and how we went everywhere we went today and that's where he wanted to eat. The rest is history. The fish is/was excellent!  The sauces yummy. The trays they serve the food in, most clever. The kids had combo chicken finger meals that they inhaled, literally. The service is wonderful. Great stop and one we will make again on another busy visit into the square.This place was amazing! The food was so good and the owner was cery kind. Will definitely come back and visit every time I come to NOLA from now on.Drunk fries unite. I went to the place in New York called pomme frites and ever sense then I sometimes day dream about them-this is as close to those I can get. Dipping sauces - thick cut fried tatos. The place is in the French quarter -so the cleanliness is questionable but eat your fries and leave.I am so glad that I found this place on Yelp! After seeing the great reviews, I just had to check it out. Golden Chips is a small Belgian spot in the Quarter with a simple menu with plenty of sauces. I have been twice and I have had their Belgian Fries, Chicken Tenders with their Chipotle, Creolaise, and Samurai sauces. 
The food comes out quick and always looks great. Their tenders come out steaming hot, so you know it's real fresh. I love their chicken tenders with Chipotle sauce. You will not be disappointed. The food items are finger foods and surprisingly filling, which is perfect when you want to maximize your fun in the quarter and do not have time for the full dining service!Neat little hidden secret in the Quarter. I had no idea this existed until I stumbled upon one day during French Quarter Fest. The staff was super friendly and happily let me sample a couple of the different sauces (which was good because I quickly realized I didn't like the Andalouse, a pink Spanish sauce with onion and bell pepper, that first caught my eye). The fries are yummy: a standard "home fry" - deliciously crisp on the outside with a soft center. And the aioli sauce was fine. Great snack to share or hog all to yourself. Prices are pretty fair: $4.50 for regular, $5.50 for large. Be aware that it's easier to take the fries to go as inside seating is fairly limited. Only three stars because, while Golden Chips does its fries well, it really doesn't do much more than that. A neat little specialized snack shop!I think this review is long overdue.
We went here trying to find some chicken ... as you can tell this place has only chicken. Well my husband and I went here while we stayed in New Orleans. 
It's a great little food spot, a bit hidden within the French Quarter. There are a lot of things to see and do near by that it is placed in a convenient location. But one thing that we couldn't help to notice is that there isn't much people going in and out as we hoped to see. 
Well our experience went like this. We went on a little search looking for this place and after we arrived the lady who was at the cash register was so nice. She was one of the first people we bumped into that spoke Spanish. As we ordered the chef came out to great us, he was a nice man as well. 
We were waiting for our food and we had a long conversation with then about the history of the place. After about 10 minutes we received our food along with the dressings they provide you with. 
The food was good, a bit too salty for my taste. Also I noticed that the different dressings could be mixed together to create a better taste. We enjoyed our food and service.Really enjoyed this place. I think it's a very good option if you're in the Quarter looking for a snack.The best fries I've ever had! I am a French fry lover and eat them everywhere especially abroad. I loved this place because of the various sauces and crispiness of fries. No one was here when we came the worker was super attentive and quick and gave recommendations. One (with a side of various sauces) was enough to share if you are just tasting various foods in the areas. A must in NOLA!While working an event in the Quarter I had 30 minutes to find hot food, order and eat it. I walked past Jax Brewery (for some reason that shopping plaza is just too ratchet for me), past the pizza place on Decatur, and up St Peter. At this point I was starting to panic because 5 minutes of my break was already gone. So I walked up Chatres and down Toulouse...and saw...YES! Golden Chips. I had already seen several positive reviews so I didn't hesitate. The cashier was friendly and courteous. She let me try several of the sauces so I could pick the two I wanted. The menu is pretty damn simple: Chips. Chicken Fingers. Any combination thereof. My 3-strip &chips plate was $8.99 plus tax. That included a canned soda. They do have bottle sodas if you're that thirsty. I think a 5 strip meal is $10.99. The food came quickly (I'm down to 15 minutes now) and, like anything that emerges from volcanic hot grease, it was too hot to handle. The food is served in paper cones perched on a holder; which is cute but not very practical. I'm not sure if they have paper plates or something but I did't ask. I just squirted ketchup on the corner of the chip cone (I'm a dipper, not a slather-er) and did the best I could. The chicken fingers were plump, juicy, and nicely seasoned. The chips were fun, too. Kinda like mom homemade where they are thick cut, crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside. I had the Andalouse and aioli sauces. Aioli was good and garlicky. Did I spell Andalouse right? If not I misspelled it again. Very clean establishment and the bathroom is locked because it's for customers and staff...and they store a good bit of stuff in there. I would not make a special trip to the Quarter for Golden Chips,but if you find yourself in the area and don't want hoodpizza or gallons of Creole food pumped down your stomach, this is a great option.Friendly staff. Good fries and delicious sauce options. Portion sizes were bigger than I expected.The chicken was very juicy and tender but I wish the breading had been crispier. The fries were okay but not the best I've ever had. They were thick cut and, again, I  wish they had been crispier. This could all come down to personal food preference though because I enjoy crisp fries and chicken. The sauces they had available were the highlight for me. All I can say it on point! Given the area if you come in slightly "sauced" yourself from enjoying the libations the area has to offer I don't think Golden Chips will disappoint. To me it was just mediocre.This place is really good! I've been twice now and had a good experience both times. The service is very friendly, and the french fries are just how you want them - crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. I got a large cone with mayo and ketchup and it was way more fries than it appeared. I only ate fries for dinner and couldn't even finish the cone! My husband got the chicken tenders and said those were good too with the aioli and creolaise which were both tasty.Yum! Super fresh yummy chicken fingers. Would have been 5 stars but the cheese they serve for your fries was cold in a cup :-( would have been awesome if it was heated up and drizzled over my fries - which by the way were so fresh and tasty!Grab and go food that's delicious and cheap! Finding decently priced food in the French quarter is difficult sometimes and then finding filling food that you can also walk with is even harder! This place does both very well. A simple but delicious menu with a host of different creative sauces to try and a eating method that allows you to walk and enjoy the area. A must stop if you need so local flavor fast and on the go!I'm not a particularly big fan of fries, so initially, I came here for the fried fish. I ordered a basked...and that's when my mind was officially blown. The fries here are hand cut and otherworldly in their crispy, golden goodness. The sauces are soooooo good. I started off with aioli (a safe bet), and worked my way through the menu to the andalusian and creole sauces. Every. Single. Sauce. Is. Amazing. 
And the fries are just so darn good!
I've had both the fried chicken and fish, and though I like the fish better, the chicken was pretty good too. The real star of the show, however, is the fries. I happily go back for the fries alone now and then.After a busy day of walking around the city, we wanted a quick no-fuss lunch and decided to stop here (because Yelp told us to). The place is super tiny but cute with a limited menu. We ordered two three-piece chicken combos with fries and the following sauces to share: creolaise, peppernaise, chipotle and samurai. We quickly snatched a table (there are only 4 or so) and patiently (as in VERY patiently) waited for our food. It took quite a bit for our items to be ready but man, once they were, the food was delicious. The chicken was perfectly seasoned and crispy while the fries were yummy (but nothing too special). And the sauces were great - especially the creolaise so don't come here without trying it. Loved the bustling environment and the delicious chicken! Totally recommend for a quick bite to eat.