I'm never ordering from here again! I usually order over the phone so I won't have to think about how filthy the place is. When you call, they rush you off the phone...I wanted to pay with my credit card, but the guy hang up before I could give him the number. I had to call back just so I could give the number and when I called back, they had an attitude as if I had done something wrong! They are pretty fast at delivering, but they get your order wrong, and they won't even give you a refund. And the delivery guy insists on you giving him a tip! I completely understand that tips are a way of life in the service industry, but I work in the service industry just like you...I can't afford a tip all the time! This is the worst customer service experience I have ever had in my life! The only positives about this place is that it's cheap and quick.We didn't feel like going anywhere after a long drive from Ohio to New Orleans, so we had Chinese food delivered to our hotel room in the french quarter around 10:30pm.  The food was hot and delicious!  The general tso's chicken was a very generous portion and tasted so good!I've been holding off on this: but the food is so bad as to be inedible. I knew to stop after just a few bites. Wontons were off- meaning unsafe meat. My friend didn't stop and paid for it later that night.I haven't received my food yet so this review is solely contingent upon service. After providing my address the woman on the phone said too far and immediately hung up as I attempted to ask another question. They deliver to city hall, I am literally located directly across the street from City Hall and that's too far? I called back and arranged to meet them across the street at City Hall...will provide an update once my food is received.Golden Wall is a winner! Been ordering from here for years and years and always delivered fast, hot and fresh. You'd think because it gets to you so fast, it's sitting around, but not at all. Golden Wall has the best down-town Chinese food!I am absolutely disgusted with this place. I ordered delivery from here today. Without telling me the total or asking me for my preferred method of payment they simply hung up. I had to call back to give them my credit card info and they still didn't mention the total. Then they took over an hour to deliver my order even though I live really close. The only positive about my experience was that the food tasted pretty good. However, I began to feel nauseous soon after eating it. A few hours later I vomited everything and not by choice. Perhaps I ate too much, but I strongly suspect there was something wrong with the food. I'm throwing away my leftovers and never eating there again.you wouldn't expect from the presentation or environment of the restaurant, but it was sooo delicious! the portions were enormous and had great flavor. we ordered the kung pao chicken, garlic chicken, and lo mein between 4 super hungry people, and were nowhere near finishing! i highly recommend!The delivery was quick!! The food was average, but did what it needed to when I didn't want to leave my room and craved Chinese food! Wasn't "out of this world good", but it worked. Can't beat the quick service and inexpensive price. The amount of food was more than enough too so no complaints!Some of the older reviews talked about how rude the people at the counter were. We ate there after a nice walk from our hotel and found both the young lady and the young man very nice and helpful. The food was great and we had so much that we had it packaged up and gave it to a homeless man on Canal Street, he was so grateful I thought he was going to cry. We had fried dumplings, bbq ribs and fried shrimp, all of those dishes were great. They were hot and tasted as good as anything we would get in California. The staff thanked us for coming and we were happy we did not just listen to someone who might have had too many Hurricanes on Bourbon Street. Give them a try, the place was filled with lots of locals.DONT DO IT. Food delivered to the lower Quarter was cold, bland, overcooked and food-purveyor generic. I asked for an extra fortune cookie and got... none. Bourbon St pizza would be a better choice.This is -to me- the best place to eat Chinese food in the Downtown area. The prices are acceptable, no delivery fee (if you need to have it brought to you/work), the food tastes great (not as greasy as at the competition around) and the delivery guys are friendly and fast (yes, your food will still be hot when you'll open the box). It is cooked by 1st generation Chinese people who keep it as close to the culture as possible.
I always order "shrimp with garlic sauce" and add fried tofu for $ 1.00 to it. Absolutely delicious! Full of shrimp, fresh vegetables and a sauce which couldn't be better. And the rice comes in an extra container, so you won't feel cheated on your size of the meal either. Really good, fast Chinese food.I called to order take out Mongolian beef from here one day (which was recommended to me by my wife's coworker) and it did not disappoint! The beef had great flavor and was spicy (which I loved). 
It comes with onions, carrots, green onions and a side of white rice. It's ready in about 5-10 minutes and costs about $12 but the portion size is well worth it! I have tried the Mongolian beef at Cre-Asian. (Which is two restaurants away) and this one beats it by far!) 
I have been back to get this dish at least 4 times in the last couple months. My only complaint is they only have chili garlic sauce instead of sriracha sauce. Will definitely be back very soon tho!Chinese + delivery = Let's eat
Being that I'm living in a hospital room these days, my access to edible food is quite limited.  The nurses here gave me a short list of places that deliver and I decided to try Golden Wall.  
I ordered Mongolian Beef with plain white rice and within 25 minutes of my order, a nice gentleman knocked on the door of my hospital room with my order.. piping hot.  
I quickly scarfed down the portion I could eat and then gave the remaining portions (yes, portions - plural) and I'm pretty sure it took two nurses to finish off the rest.  
Four stars:  Because you delivered exactly what I ordered, to my room, inexpensively, in no time flat, and it tasted good.Quick delivery, decent food, good price. He'll they even found my place when I drunkenly gave them the wrong address (not sure how). Anyway definitely the best delivery Chinese I've found in New Orleans. Wonton soup has thick dumplings and the portions are big.had the sesame chicken yesterday it was awesome going back there for lunch again toiday!!!Do not eat here. It appears to be authentic but it really isn't. It's disgusting. They seem not to take pride in their food. It's really sloppy and tasteless. The people behind the register are very rude and unhappy. I ordered the general tsao's chicken and had to white meat. The also give you a small serving of fried rice. The sauce for the chicken was too sugary. The rice was too plain and they added small grey pieces of BBQ pork. It was so disgusting. My friend ordered sesame chicken and pork fried rice. His chicken was overly sauced and too sweet. The chicken tasted like it was prepare yesterday. I do not recommend anyone eat here. It was so disgusting.Oh, Golden Wall, you've changed! Boo!! I've been ordering from this place for well over 12 years and it always treated me fair. The food was consistently decent, delivered lightening fast, and cheap. Heck, when I lived downtown I ate food from here at least three times a week. I have to admit, in the past year I've been lured away by the likes of Postmates, UberEats and Waitr. (Prior to those delivery services, delivery options were VERY limited here and you were happy to get what you could.) So I know it's been well over a year, possibly even two, since the last time I had Golden Wall. But today was a very stressful day at the office and I wanted the comfort of an old lover. Unfortunately the old lover can't get the job done anymore.
My order still hadn't arrived 50 minutes after I placed it. I called them to inquire and was YELLED at by a woman on the phone who didn't speak much English except to just YELL and YELL at me that they were very busy and it was on the way but she'd call the deliver person to see what was going on.  (For those who are familiar, deliveries used to arrive in under 30 minutes without fail.)  Of course the food showed up exactly 5 minutes after I called. Room temperature. I was already have a horrible day and it wasn't worth the effort to call them back, nor did I have time to. They had my money already, and I'm pretty sure it was a classic "you've been had" situation. Did I mention the delivery person called me and YELLED at me, repeatedly calling me some name I couldn't understand, I assume after looking at the tip line and seeing I tipped $2.00 on a $20.00 order. I know the previous delivery dudes couldn't stay with them forever, but wow, they were a key part of the operation. They were efficient af and courteous and always received great tips from me.
Surely the place has changed owners. It's definitely not a place you want to see the inside of, and obviously ordering delivery is a gamble these days. Sadness.Wasn't the best Chinese I've had, and it was different, but it was ok. Would I go again? No. Ok prices for ok food. I probably enjoyed it more bc I was famished and anything would've sufficed. But then again, who comes to NOLA for the Chinese. It did it's job. Nothing more, nothing less.This is a compliment:  Golden Wall reminds me of the Chinese restaurants I grew up with in Brooklyn.  The place is a dive -- we chose to take our meal back to the hotel -- but the restaurant was packed with customers, including a table of eight who appeared to be from China.  (A new Chinese restaurant down the street was literally empty.)
Quick to judge, I can generally gauge a meal by the hot and sour soup, and Golden Wall's is rich, flavorful and just as I like it.  Had an old fashioned shrimp chow mein --only complaint is that they could have thrown in a few more ingredients -- and an order of chicken & broccoli.
If you're visiting the area and want a switch from Cajun, bring some take-out back to your room, and enjoy!Rangoons good. Chicken fried rice gross. Very little flavor. Color and texture of the chicken odd. Rice barely had much of anything in it. Rice. Little soy sauce. Minimal green onions. No egg. No peas. No random carrot... How does one mess up fried rice?!?Things have changed in La Mirada since I left in 1973. Now that I'm back in town it's good to know where I can get my Chinese food fix. Great tasting food, high quality, fast service, and at a good price. It's an escape from the boredom of the land of delivery pizza.Well, you might expect take out Chinese food in your hotel room on Chinese New Year would be a huge let down.  You'd be wrong, really wrong!  I always love Chinese New Year.  I was born in the year of the Monkey.  I've hosted Chinese New Year parties the last several years in my home.  Since the year of the sheep/goat came later than in years past (by several weeks) I found myself out of town for this holiday.
    I would miss my precious kindergarten class' children's dragon dance in our school parade and seeing their faces light up when they try a lychee fruit or mooncake.  
     So in the french quarter of New Orleans, we had 2 choices.  One was closed and so this became the only choice.  It was also highly recommended by the clerk at the Bourbon St. PRIDEMart.  Their delivery was quick (less than 30 minutes to our hotel) and the food was piping hot!  Beyond the temperature of the food, everything tasted fresh and amazing!  I miss good Chinese Food in Tucson.  The potstickers were yummy!  The broccoli beef had the perfect balance. The kung Pao was a little on the less spicy side, but flavorful nonetheless.  the Donuts provided a delightful dessert for the Chinese New Year Spread out in Take-out boxes across the bed.  Our room at the Biscuit Palace is decorated in a Chinese theme with dragons on the walls, red and yellow bedspread and several pieces of Asian furniture around the room.  Not the ambiance for everyone, but  for me a delightful experience.  The food  from Golden Wall was fantastic and the service was prompt and courteous,  I have no problem highly recommending this place!  Gung Hay Fat Choi!!!  Happy Year of the Sheep/Goat!!!!Perfect convenience food for day after a large bender in the French Quarter. This is good, run of the mill Chinese food. The key here is they will deliver to your hotel within 30 minutes if you're staying downtown. When its 40 C and hot like a furnace outside, that counts for everything. 
We got the won ton soup and chicken chow mein which set us back $11. Won ton soup was large (gigantic large) with humongous won tons that were more dough than meat. But still good. The chicken chow mein was government issue chow mein, but again, good enough to do the job. This is not fine cuisine, but chances are you didn't come to NOLA for fine Chinese food. Basically, this does the job and gets you back on your feet for round 2.EXTRA ORDINARILY RUDE. I was picking up my order at the counter and wanted to double check to make sure I got shrimp not chicken. The women started to shout at me saying something like "it's the same thing".  Weird. I'm Asian and used to bad service at Chinese restaurants. This is definitely above and beyond a typical lack of common sense courtesy I'd expect.Golden Hole In The Wall is a glutinous paradise. The portions are huge and pretty tasty. 
I have Chinese food at least twice a week. Therefore, I fancy myself a Chinese carry out connoisseur.
On this trip while walking back in a drunkin daze from the shenanigans of Bourbon St., Golden Wall sounded like the right thing to do. 
Soon as we walked into the front door (be careful now..there is like 5 doors) I was like..the counter looks sooooo far! (Probably the booze).
We were greeted at the open kitchen counter with a Wah Doo Yoo Liy? They weren't super friendly but weren't rude and spoke super loud. It is what it is. Get me my food!
We ordered the pork egg foo young. It was not like any other EFY I've had. Typical EFY has a lot of bean sprouts in it. This one did not. It was really good. Fluffy egg patty with veggies and meat accompanied by a brown gravy not typical tasting. 
Boneless pork spare ribs were an almost neon red color and served in a sweet and tangy sauce. I do question the cut of meat but whatever it was tasty. 
Crab Rangoon was good and the teriyaki wings weren't bad either. 
End all...don't expect 5 star service from Golden Wall. It's just not that kind of joint. Just place your order, grab your bag, check your bag and throw down.It's cheap, it's from a shady but relatively clean hole in the wall, the portions are huge. Tip well, they are nicer than your average Chinese joint.In town visiting and wanted something not seafood (allergic to shellfish) ordered the hot and sour soup,  one of the bests that i have had, also ordered beef and brocolli. It was very good, quick and they were friendly. 
Definitely will visit again before i leaveService SUCKED! We called and ordered for delivery. It seemed like we were greatly inconveniencing the woman talking our order. We only ordered from there because it was the closest place to our hotel. We get our food and the soup was super gross. We both got hot and sour and there was almost nothing in it. The broth itself tasted weird too. The fried rice was gross as well. It was barely fried and SUPER dry. The General Tso's chicken was alright but that was the only thing that was ok. If you're looking for Chinese I would go somewhere else.Quantity of food is good for the price.  I had ordered it for take out, I ended throwing it away after a few bites.  All I tasted was the oil they use to stir fry it.  Went down into the hotel lobby and had a burger.  Will never come here again.Food quality is nothing out of the ordinary for standard cheap American Chinese, but wow, it was out piping hot in a hurry!  No complaints. Perfect cheap food when you're in the Quarter.This is I ate worst Chinese food in my life. There even not have water. Ma Po Tofu is so bad. All of us fill not good when we finished the diner.Curry chicken for lunch? So good !!! 4 stars for FRESH  veggies, quick service, very reasonably priced & delicious !!!!This is the original and the best Chinese take out restaurant in downtown new Orleans. They have been serving the local for more than 20 years and we love this little place! Fast, cheap and simply delicious!Totally Awesome service!!! I had one time my food delivered in 6 min & OMG the Huge portions!  You go guys!Still searchin'... I was really surprised to read such positive reviews and not have a good experience. 
Maybe there are some things that this place does better than others. Orange Chicken is not one of the "better".  +1 for the chicken being crispy but the pieces were tiny so tiny that there was no recognizable chicken-just batter.  The sauce wasn't the worst I've had but I wouldn't call it "orange" sauce.  Tasted more like a general tso. The house fried rice is shrimp and pork.  It lacked veggies and was bland.  
Prices were great. The chef's special plate of orange chicken was under $10 I believe and was enough for 4.  The small fried rice was also large.  
I would try this place again just because all of the positive reviews especially on the general tso's chicken.After living two years in the CBD, my boyfriend and I order from Golden Wall at least once a month if not more. Any time we have had guests visiting and we ordered, they have always complimented how good the food is. We get both take out and delivery, you don't get your "buddy buddy" service, but they have always been fine. You're getting great quality chinese food, generous portions at an affordable price. Whenever we have ordered delivery, it's always with a smile when I open the door. I don't think we'll ever stop eating Golden Wall's food unless we move out of state and never come back to New Orleans, which is very unlikely. I have cravings for their orange chicken, which is my usual to go to, but everything else I have tried is pretty spectacular. People who had one bad experience here need to get a thicker skin because there are worse places in New Orleans with much worse customer service.The older Asian gentleman who delivers for them is a straight-up G. I live downtown and always see him haulin' ass, splitting lanes, and running red lights into opposing traffic on his rusted Wal-mart bicycle with two giant order bags balanced on the handlebars LIKE A BOSS. 2 miles uphill both ways in a torrential downpour.
Also, WARNING, he'll pretty much knock down your front door if you don't get there in ~2 seconds. Don't bother yelling "Just a minute" or whatever, dude's gonna deliver his next PuPu Platter at the optimal serving temperature and doesn't have time for your BS. He'll go Boxer Rebellion on the entrance to your domicile and you'll love it and tip him 20% for the privilege.
The highlights of the menu are the Dragon and Phoenix, General Tso's Chicken, and Mongolian Beef.Not very easy to find a good Chinese food place and I found this one on my first venture and haven't ordered from anywhere else. They have great prices excellent portions and good tasting food. On top of all that they deliverIt is Christmas Day and the food was delivered to our hotel hot and delicious! Generous portions and fresh veggies.  We ordered Veggies Soup, General Tsao Chicken, Beef and Broccoli and Crab lo mein.Oh yes I did. Chinese food in New Orleans. The BB-Q spare rib tips were delicious. I tried to eat them with my wimpy plastic fork (which broke) and remembered ribs are acceptable finger food.  Ginger weighed in heavily in their sauce, so if you're ginger adverse, avoid these ribs! I wouldn't recommend eating these on a date unless you're very comfortable with messy eating.  
I didn't have the fried rice, but I overheard people proclaiming its virtues from nearby tables. The price was good for the portions of food I received. Lots of locals were eating here, so I give them props.They were very rude to me when my order did not come how expected it to.  Fyi the boneless chicken is the same as the sweet and sour chicken.  I have never ordered boneless chicken and had it come out the same as sweet and sour chicken.  I work in the frenchquarter and i will never be ordering from them again.The food at this place was down right nasty!!! Whoever said this food reminded them of the Chinese food from NYC had to be smoking crack! The food was bland, tasteless and so far from authentic. Do yourself a favor and don't eat here!came here just to get a chicken rice soup since hubby was sick and got chicken noodle instead..and i told the girl no garlic in my beef lo mein guess what i got garlic..threw that shit outI walk in to order my food. As i approached the cashier a hudge rat crashed straigh into my foot. The rat then ran back into the kitchen area. Many people saw the rat crash into my foot.Good, cheap Chinese option.  I have no idea if they deliver, but it was a quick walk across the street from my hotel.  I called the number on their window from my room and by the time I got downstairs and across the street, it was ready for me.
Good eggrolls (nothing spectacular), decent spare ribs (a little tough, but do can you get tender spare ribs at a Chinese joint?), and better than decent combo fried rice.
If you're eating by yourself, make sure you get a SMALL order of your entree.  The small is large enough for two folks (or one half drunk fat dude).
I got a ton of food for $13.Very strange, I don't often crave Chinese food when I'm away from home...but somehow I was craving it big time in NOLA.   There's no "chinatown" here so it makes tracking down Chinese food a bit more difficult without making a real effort.
Luckily, Golden Wall is within walking distance from the French Quarter and I was willing to track down the less traveled part of Canal for it...just hoping that it will be worth it.  
Walking in, I was not hopeful.  It's a big room with tables - all empty except for one with one lady eating something.  There are three used and semi-torn sofas to the right as you walk toward the counter where you place your order.  There are pictures of some dishes with numbers for your easy reference.  Hubby and I studied the menu and decided with the house special chow mein at $7.6 (they call in lo mein/soft noodles).
The order was ready within 10 minutes and it was surprisingly good.  Good portion, plenty napa cabbage, some shrimp, chicken and pork.  
We couldn't figure out what dialect they were speaking but definitely not Cantonese or Mandarin.  
Anyway, happy to know there's good Chinese food within reasonable distance if/when I have the craving again in NOLA...maybe I'll just order for delivery!Hot and Sour soup was like warm
Chicken wings were okayOrder the Chicken chow mein woke up in the middle of the night throwing up and with the runs I have a bad case of food poisoning and never eating here again I advise you all to be very carefulThis place is great for main stream Chinese food. The portions are large and well spiced. It is difficult to eat Chinese food on a low sodium diet however, they have on numerous occasions given us steamed vegetables with tofu and plain white rice. We usually take it to go and spice it as appropriate. They are usually busy at meal times and get quite a bit of business. Friendly staff and quick delivery! With the plethora of fantastic choices to eat in downtown Nola, this place creates a great alternative to the expensive long wait times of most places. Good food, great prices, and quick service!Good spot quick food very busy.  They will fill your belly for not very much money.  The food is good and the staff is great. They are very very busy and at lunch and dinner so know what you want when step up to order.  Has very limited in house seating..Just found out the amazing bicycle man whom I have missed since not working in the FQ will deliver to my family's house in the Marigny! Hip hip hooray for Moo shu pork and beef with broccoli that comes from super friendly Chinese man on a bicycle. I don't need to go to the fried chicken place for Chinese food anymore, it will be hot and fresh at my door from Golden Wall within half an hour! I don't know how he does it! Now going into fried rice coma. Good night!Lots of bang for your buck.  They never pack spicy mustard in to go orders, so keep that in mind if your a fan.  The crab ragoons are good, but small which is why they are cheap, but you get 6 or 12 so it evens out.  It's my favorite thing on the menu.  I fed myself and 2 friends for 12 bucks! Cheap eat and tasty....fried rice is good too :) plus they deliver!
I'm not a fan of Chinese, but I ordered twice from them last week.Ordered delivery to our resort here in New Orleans. The food arrived in about 30 minutes. Order was exactly right. The dishes ordered were shrimp egg foo young, my patties were slightly dark around the edges  but still tasty, shrimp lo menu was great, boneless rib tips and fried chicken wings were great. Will definitely call them again. Thank youVery good location, foods quality and quantity are good with very seasonable price. When you eat too much Cajun foods and like to change a taste, it's one of good choices.This place is right off Canal. The food is alright, not the best. If you are having a craving for some cheap chinese in great portions, this place will do the trick! Nice to get away from the seafood if you are staying in Nola for long.I go to this Chinese food place every year when I'm at the Bayou Classic. I like it! I know they have good shrimp fried rice and big fried wings.Ordered from here for the first time.  It will be the last time.
Food was not good.  Had egg roll, shrimp toast (grossly over cooked, fried rice with little flavor and Shrimp Kung Pao...mostly celery and water chestnuts.
There are many better Chinese delivery restaurants.Good cheap Chinese American food.  Egg foo yung w/ brown sauce is the best.  Delivery takes about 45min. Delivery guy has chronic halitosis.I was really psyched for our weekend NoLa trip for a friend's birthday, mainly for all the great restaurants. So how in the world did we end up at an Americanized-Chinese restaurant on a hazy sunday afternoon?? It began with a quixotic search for a local Cajun-Asian dish called yakamein, made famous on various Travel Channel shows. Inquiries to various NoLa citizens yielded no results until this young asian guy directed us to Golden Wall just a few blocks away. Upon entering, we see a man in a Zoot suit eating chow mein by himself, a giant buddha in the corner, and another gentleman passed out on the sofa. Only in NoLa I suppose. We hungrily ordered all the usual fare: MaPo Tofu (surprisingly decent), green beans/ground pork, beef/broccoli, etc, etc, and also what the lady said was 'yakamein'. It was just starchy noodles in a bland broth with a sprinkling of meat and veggies. Nothing famous-tasting about it at all. They do serve beer here though. At the end of the meal, who should appear but that same young Asian man we met before! He said hi to us and walked back into the kitchen to resume his duties??? We were duped, by our own race no less! Our last meal of the trip, and we went out with a whimper :(Everything you'd expect from light night delivery Chinese food. It tastes just like it should and it always gets delivered fastGood food, generous portions, and very timely delivery. Well worth the money for what you get. Recommend the Kung pap chicken with vegetable fried rice. You won't be disappointed! I got this delivered since I was traveling in the area.Three years later, my review is one star less. 
Because of my walk down memory lane last time -- old fashioned, Brooklyn style chow mein! -- we got it again.  Plenty of sliced white meat chicken, saucy, loaded with what I think is celery (or a Chinese vegetable that resembles celery.)
We split an order of egg rolls -- they were good -- and we got a quart of wonton soup.  This is where a point was lost.  The soup was chock-full of doughy wontons, but the broth was nondescript and weak.
Next time I'll stick to hot n sour.If you work in the CBD then I recommend this Chinese place for take out/delivery. They offer a decent menu and excellent prices. 
I have had them delivering lunches for me and my coworkers for near 4 years now. The older delivery man is always friendly. 
The portions are large. They are often enough for 2 meals. My favorites are the wonton soup, sweet & sour chicken, lo mein, sesame chicken, general tso's chicken and the chicken chow mei fun.Great for your basic chinese take out. Fast, affordable and tasty. Good for pre or post drinking.Too be completely honest, I eat Golden Wall quite a bit because it's cheap and convenient and close and has fast delivery.  The quality of the food is decent, but like most Asian food in the south it doesn't have a whole lot of flavor.  On a positive note, the crab rangoon is some of the best that I've ever had.
The staff at Golden Wall is always friendly, probably another reason I order from here.  I really like Chinese food, and unfortunately I think this is probably the best delivery option. Just go with it, and add a little Tony's.Huge portions of NY style Chinese food.  I've tried the chicken and broccoli,  the sesame chicken,  the pepper steak,  the egg rolls and the hot and sour soup and they've been great every time. My only wish is that they were open at 2am when I stagger back from the quarter.Pretty good for delivery and a quick meal.  Although, one order of General Tso's chicken with fried rice could easily make 3 meals!  The portions were very large for the price.  The entree was pretty standard for General Tso's  - but the fried rice was delicious with lightly steamed (NOT overcooked like usual) broccoli was what made my meal. 
Crab Rangoons - not good. 
Peking Ravioli's - not what I expected at all, but not bad, I just would never order them from here again. 
Egg Drop Soup - no mushrooms so I loved it!Im giving this a  1 star. Ordered a food to go and the old lady gave us the wrong food. The place also is so dirty and employees eats while they take orders very unprofessional. DO NOT EAT HERE.I order from here once a week, if not twice. For the money, this place is fantastic. They will also generally deliver in under 30 minutes. The food is solid and always hot off the stove. Ignore any reviews that say otherwise. I've ordered from here enough to know that a bad experience is a complete aberration. The combination platters are a particularly great value and will probably be two meals for the average person.Really solid Chinese takeout. In town for a conference and this was better than I expected.The food is okay, i think she mis understood my order .. i asked for fried rice when i got back to my hotel room we had steamed rice.. but i think she charged me for fried rice, anyway the sweet and sour chicken was good,  it reminds me of those cheap chineese food places that you find in every city.Best Chinese I've ever had. It was awesome. And the serving was enough for my boyfriend and I to share!Food was decent. Don't expect anything you order to match its description on the menu, I learned that lesson the hard way. Their chow mein meals apparently don't come with noodles despite it being on the menu (and chow mein literally meaning meat/veggies with noodles). This business was over the top rude when I called asking questions about my order and meal. They refused to refund me or give me the chow mein in the description on their menu. I assumed at first that I was just given the wrong order. Incredibly unpleasant experience; mostly credited to the woman who answered the phone.Decent cheap Americanized Chinese food. Split an entrée and a side of crab rangoons with my bf & we both left full. Crab Rangoon's seemed to be handmade in house. General Tso's chicken came with some fresh steamed broccoli. Egg roll seemed like it came in frozen tho. 
The woman who took our order was crazy nice. 
Looking around the place seems pretty clean. Not nice by any means, but decently clean.They are famous for their Gen. Tso chicken and chicken wings. Great price and always freshly made. This is not one of those fancy place with nice decor, but who cares about all that when the food is down right delicious! Oh, and they deliver too!!!!Delivering HUGE portions, nice flavors and quality ingridients.
I ordered their General Tso's chicken and combination fried rice.  Both were better than average.  The Tso's chicken was sweet, just a hint of spicy.  The chicken itself was chopped into small tender pieces.  Breading is thinly coated and not chewy or crunchy.  The sauce was thin, not gloppy.  Served atop broccoli.  The rice was even better.  Plenty of shrimp, great flavor, not too oily.  I ate about 1/3 of my chicken and less than 1/3 of my rice.  This order, plus a couple 20 oz. Cokes was $17.50 + tip, delivered to my hotel.ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE!!!! My shrimp fried rice sucked, plus is was brown-ish...wtf? My hot and sour soup had an awful after taste and it was think like gelatin and wiggled  I called for a refund or exchange for something else and they said NO! NEVER AGAIN! I just wasted my last $11 on food i cant eat and im still hungry and now broke!This place absolutely gets 5 stars. For the price you'll never find a tastier Chinese eatery. Cafeteria style, super fast, I got the chicken chow mein and if I had been any less hungry it definitely could have fed me for two meals! How are their prices so cheap?This place is really good. Food seemed fresh and I did not get msg headache. I got lo mein and moo goo gai pan.This place is good. It has some really large portions and at some moderately good prices. I would say almost the best Chinese in the CBD.
The customer service however? HORRID.
I've ordered a few times but mostly after shopping on canal I will grab some lunch or dinner there. The staff isn't personable, AT ALL. The inside makes you a skeptic and is definitely half assed for guests who want to dine in. They don't generally keep it clean. I mean even wipe the tables. Its ridiculous. 
I ordered today for lunch and the girl no only rushed me off the phone, she didn't even ask how I was gonna pay! i had to call back in which she again rushed me off the phone and was rude the delivery guy had to call and ask where to go in the building.
They wouldn't have gotten a tip at all if the driver wasn't so kind. Hopefully it goes directly to him.