They get bumped up a star for their unique pastry case items. 
This week I tried a couple of their savory pastries...a cruffin and a scone. I'm not sure what was really in either item. The cruffin definitely had cheese & garlic and the scone was mostly herbs. And they rotate what's in the case, so if definitely ask what's the flavor of the day to avoid stuff you're not fond of/allergic to.
I've been back several times since May and I've always been pleased with the quality, texture & taste of every pastry item.
Now if I could make it back over there for lunch...Love this place! The meyer lemon danish was delightful, and my sister loved her cranberry & brie danish, and my mom really likes the tiramisu. Oh, and the cupcakes have real buttercream, a must for me. Lunch was yummy, I had the ham & brie and look forward to trying more! Side salad was awesome, not dripping in gross bottled dressing like so many places. Greens were fresh and a nice compliment to the hearty sandwich. Also, very reasonably priced for the quality. I've paid more at other bakeries and not been nearly as impressed.The croissants are where its at! The chocolate is particularly good, but I think the plain is still my favorite. Flaky and buttery and fresh--couldn't ask for more. Everything I've had, I've liked, but as far as the sweets go, I really loved the black forest cake, so I'd say its a must try. I stop in almost once a week and I've always had helpful friendly service. I've also definitely seen a growing and changing menu, so I can't wait to see what else comes out of this little kitchen. I still haven't made it around for lunch--but their baguettes are delicious, so it's definitely on my to do list, and soon.Yay! I am so excited about this place! NOLA needs more creative non-poboy sandwich shops like Butcher and St. James Cheese Co.  Went for lunch and got the special - soppressata and provolone sandwich on house-baked ciabatta and my fiance got the meatloaf sandwich.  Both were served hot, quickly, with a side salad (or you can get chips) and a smile.  The house-made balsamic vinaigrette was so fresh tasting and awesome.
The decor is classy, clean, and new.  Much like the menu, simple, clean, and yet can still offer something to the meat lover or the vegetarian.  When I say simple, I mean  simple in the way of presentation, which I love, but the flavors and ingredients brought together in each dish are complex and surprising.
The dessert and pastry case was quite the piece of art.  I have seen pretty desserts before but these were unique and extra tempting!  There were these elegant chocolate cakes with gold details as well as fruit and sweet vegetable tarts.  I decided to go with coffee for dessert and was pretty impressed with that as well.  Can't wait to go back and try more sammiches!  Also they have fresh baked bread y'all!!!Fresh and Scrumptious! This place has some of the best pastries around. As well as great seasonal items. My go to is a Vanilla Iced Coffee (taste like a White Russian  )and who doesn't love an Almond Croissant! For lunch the Chicken Salad on Ciabatta (made daily) is heavenly and with one of their  house made ice teas. Gracious Bakery is definitely  my go to bakery and it should be yours too !Amazing brie sammich! 
I stopped in on my way to Jazz Fest because I needed some breakfast items before I ate all the rich food on the grounds.  The space is bright and open and the staff were really helpful.
I got a mini cake/muffin (super yummy), a brookie (interesting concept but my niece was more enamored than I was), a chocolate covered cinnamon roll (OMG good) and the special sandwich of the day...brie, jam, spinach, walnuts on a baguette. So amazingly good.
I will have to put this spot into lunch rotation on days when I can runaway.I first heard about Gracious after shopping at Hollygrove farmers market to pick up my Weekday Box and I saw Gracious Bakery's bread being sold.  Curiosity ensued and I had to check them out online because I love delicious breads!  I discovered that they make yummy sandwiches and after trying them a few times I can confidently say that they are really good!  It is very close to work and parking is easy which makes this one of my lunch go-tos.  It is very clean inside and the presentation is always impeccable.  I have not tried any of the pastries because I am trying to be good but today I had a chocolate walnut cookie and it was chewy and dreamy.  I was going to save half for my other half but it is staring at me from the other end of my desk!Limited items on display with a limited menu...but I like that because they are of the highest quality. 
I had two items today and they were both excellent. The ham and cheese croissant was on point. 
The decor looks like a bakery...so I don't see why people would complain about that. 
New go-to breakfast for sure.Fun little spot high quality food not very comfortable space but good for to go itemsThe sandwiches are good.  The location is awesome for me. The soup was cold.
Cold soup?  Keep in mind this was NOT gazpacho. 
I will give Gracious another try or three, and let you know if the soup warms up.I have always really loved Gracious' chicken salad but had never tried the Cuban sandwich. I'm recovering from a horrible bout of the flu & for my first normal meal, my mom
Brought me the Cuban. I was SO
DISAPPOINTED. There was very little meat or cheese in comparison to the amount of bread and every piece of meat had hunks of really gross gelatinous fat around it. Really disappointing for me, although my dog had a pleasant surprise for lunch.
Gracious, I suggest that you run quality control on this sandwich.Had the ham with the cheddar spread, but subbed Turkey instead. It was really amazing. Had a side salad with the creamy herb dressing. I asked if it was homemade and it is, as is the balsamic dressing. Salad was very fresh and served beautifully. Drank a freshly made chai tea latte. Perfect, not too sweet. The pastries look delicious and I will be back in the morning to pick some up as a gift for a local business call. So glad I found this place!!!The caramel in my coffee was NOT tasty BUT get the tarragon chicken salad sandwich and all things become right in the world. It's amazing. I'm addicted.Great service and great pastries. I stopped in on my way to a friends house and their pasties were a hit! Thanks for making me look good!This is my favorite place to grab my morning coffee. Their coffee drinks are simply delicious - I've gotten the iced mocha and their regular iced coffee, both are great and full of flavor. They have great pastries as well - I love the pretzel croissant. They also offer plenty of salty, savory options if you're not into the sweet stuff. If you can catch them for lunch, you won't be disappointed. They always have different specials and the soup changes everyday as well. I've only gotten the baguette (get one every Saturday), but all the bread looks delicious and it seems to go quickly. Since everything is made fresh daily, availability on the more popular items will start to dwindle towards closing, especially on the weekends. It's quick and their is never a long line. I find most people don't know about it. It's tucked away and you most likely wouldn't notice it unless you were looking for it. Also, their prices are great! Get the pecan cheddar spread - It is AMAZING.We went in the rain to Gracious & found it was anything but that.  We were in search of birthday party desserts and needed lunch for 4.  Cakes are only special orders with at least 48 hours notice.  Items in display case were sparse and did not appear fresh.  Lazy employees with bad attitude.  We walked out.  Ya'll lost a BIG sale.Consistently the best baguette in New Orleans, as well as excellent sandwiches, pastries, breads, and of course a bunch of different King Cake options during the Mardi Gras season.  They also do catering, and will not disappoint.  Great little local business to support.Great iced coffee! The pastries are delicious and the croissants are unreal! I have had lunch from here a few times and there are generous portions and everything I've tasted was fresh and delicious.Really cool spot for lunch! I got the Tarragon Chicken Salad, which was absolutely divine and healthy without being pretentious :) The prices are kind of high, but the food is obviously prepared daily and is really well done.Gracious Bakery is a great new place to grab a pastry or a quick lunch. Everything there is homemade and delicious. The best though is the meatloaf sandwich, just like you would have at home. The desserts are fantastic and the breakfast pastries are melt in your mouth good.
Parking can be a little tight however.If you are tired of the same old poboys and deli turkey sandwiches, Gracious Bakery offers a welcome change of pace. I had a ham sandwich on a baguette...sounds simple enough, but this sandwich was dressed with a savory pecan cheddar cheese spread, pepper jelly and thin sliced apples. My tastebuds were honestly dazzled. The kettle chips were good too. My friends and I split a Black Forest mousse, a slice of espresso cake, and a Frangiapane cake/muffin. All were delicious. The Black Forest mousse was so pretty, I didn't want to dig into it. We'll be back!Everything here is good. I have indulged here dozens of times and have not once been disappointed. If I had to pick one thing as my number one it would have to the Nutella scone- I dream of that beautiful piece of goodness. Also the meals are great- the salads, sandwiches, and bagel with lox are consistently fresh and wonderful. 
Of course the staff is lovely as well. This place is a true standout!Pastries are good but the breakfast sandwich is over priced, almost $8, and underwhelming. Eggs had almost no egg flavor, too much cream or milk, the bread wasn't toasted, and the aioli had too much garlic. 
The coffee was very good and reasonably priced but everything was too expensive and didn't live up to the hype.Maybe it's just me but I would think that if I had to wait a few minutes till 11 am to place my lunch order, I would get a hot, made to order sandwich. My cauliflower sandwich was cold as ice and over $9.00. Tasty, but not worth it. Other than that, their pastries are very good, coffee is excellent and their counter help is very nice.Excellent! Pastries are supreme as expected from a French bakery, the atmosphere and the staff is great too.
My girlfriend had a ham and cheese croissant and a bite of flourless chocolate cake, delicious! I went for a green onion bread sandwich with egg, arugula and smoked cheese that was great too.
In the way out we took a monkey bread to go, but we ate it too :)Their croissants have got to be the best I have tried in New Orleans to date.  So flaky and buttery, the perfect consistency.  You can definitely taste the quality in the baked goods.  Also purchased the Nectar Cream king cake due to its unique flavor, it was good but not great.  More of a brioche style and the flavoring was just okay.  Then again I have never been a huge fan of Nectar Cream snow ball flavor so I may be a bit biased.  It was definitely pretty to look at!I've only had the baked goods, so far, and they were pretty yummy! My daughter had the chocolate croissant, which she loved. The chocolate babka was absolutely delightful, soft, and chocolatey. The savory brioche with caramelized onions was a bit lacking on the edges, but the middle was full of flavor and yum. I had a peanut butter cream puff, and while the topping was super tasty, as was the filling, I didn't care for the texture of the cream puff itself, unfortunately. I can't wait to try more stuff from here!I've visited Gracious twice now, both with relatively good experiences.  Clearly their strength is their daily baked products, but as I understand it they may want to get a little better focus on the coffee side of things, like milk frothing 101: when the milk screams at you, you're starving it for air.  Silence the lambs, baby, and froth that leche, and add some air already.  
I will definitely return again and again and wish them great success!  Yummy bread!!Great stop for a quick bite to eat when visiting the garden district and Lafayette cemetery. Food was amazing and the service was excellent.Awesome food, great server, ALLISON,  beautiful atmosphere, this place is a nice lil hidden treasure.Solid french specialties (croissants are as good as you'll get in Paris).  Their King/Queen cakes are just mediocre though.Stopped by to purchase goodies before heading out on the road back to Texas. Great selection of delicious pastries in the middle of nowhere. Wasn't too pleased when I looked at the receipt and realized the cashier didn't apply my Yelp check-in discount until we arrived home. And, I showed it to her twice!I found this place by accident, had some coffee and a pastry. The sandwiches looked really good. I like the atmosphere and the coffee was on point, nice and strong like the way it should be. The baked goods were off the chain. I had something that was like a reverse pecan pie. The people that worked there were very friendly as well. Highly recommend.Update: the soup is, indeed, now warm.  
This is a great little bakery and lunch spot.When I heard that the owner had worked at both Payard in New York and Bayona, I couldn't wait to try.   The pastries and breads are beautiful and tasty.   But my favorite is lunchtime.   The sandwiches have locally sourced ingredients and condiments made in house.   This place fills a major void for fresh healthy food in a clean and friendly environment.  I highly recommend it!I work for a large nonprofit in town. Gracious Bakery has been our go-to for catered lunches for awhile now. Their menu is delicious, the prices are great, and they're always very accommodating for dietary restrictions (something I've run into problems with from other places). Our staff LOVES Gracious. 
But I want to highlight a recent situation where I felt Gracious went above and beyond. We had a large (150+ people) event, and though they are not a catering company, we asked Gracious to do a breakfast for us. Not only did they provide the breakfast, but the assortment of food was both diverse and tasty. When we ran into a problem with our coffee caterer, Gracious staff even offered to help us out. Not necessary, but a lovely gesture. 
Gracious is a great lunch spot, but they're also an incredible caterer: timely, well-priced, and, dare I say, very gracious. ;) I'm continually reminded of what a great company they are, and I suggest them to everyone.
But if you're just going for lunch, get that ham sandwich. You will not regret it.The caramel pastry was nice but the ratio of caramel to dough was too much. The crawfish pastry was meh. Overall, pastries weren't particularly fresh despite being there at 10am on a Saturday.The best croissants I hav ever had .. Everytime I'm in the area I tried 2 go n get at least 3-4 plain croissants .. It's so lite n fluffyLove having this gem close to campus. Amazing coffee, service, and pastries. Only wish they had later hours.This place is wonderful, the pastries are perfection, and I absolutely love the lunch they offer.  Great breads and meat=amazing sandwiches.  Try the chicken salad or the prosciutto; you cannot go wrong with either one!Something special about the mochas here. Not sure what it is - the flavor is just a little different (and not overwhelmingly sweet), and I miss them. Kind, cool staff. Weird location given what's around it - mostly a decaying Industrial Park - but there is an open proper park nearby and a safe cyclist/pedestrian bridge across the highway. Anyway I'd def visit it again.I got a sandwich and side salad, and left hungry-- I can't remember the last time that happened, because I'm a pretty small person! Counter person told me they didn't have soup today, then as I was leaving they put out the sidewalk sign listing today's special soup. I paid about $14 after tip (you pay before you order) for a sandwich and small hot tea. 
I think the high reviews are based on a dearth of options within walking distance. I should have stuck with the Laurel St Bakery on Broad instead (they get slammed at lunch, but the food is better and more generous portions).Putrid vinegar stench of cleanup....need to hold off on that vinegar cleanup until after the last customer
Handling of the bakery items with bare hands not hygienic.... from shelf to plate a big no no!
Owner was at table next to us but forgot to inquire about our experience ...did tell the staff goodbye ...
Lastly the pastries. Apple cake and doberge was lackluster!  Both items so dry made me feel been sitting on shelf a long time or very tired recipe.
Coffee good.This morning was my second visit to Gracious.  They have amazing pastries that were fresh and delicious!  We really enjoyed the ricotta and blackberry danish and the savory danish were great.  My only regret is that they don't seem to make a almond croissant which is usually my favorite.  If you read this Gracious Bakery please make almond croissant!!
Update:  They have them now!I'm a sucker for a place where they know your name and/or your regular order when you frequent a spot. Well, check and check here at Gracious! The service is friendly, accommodating and always recognize their regular customers. The location it self is clean and airy. It has a great feel to it. Then there is the food. Without trying to sound hyperbolic, I've never had anything bad!  My go to is their chicken salad sandwich, which the conveniently sell prepared in the am to "grab and go" for lunch. I also enjoy the meat loaf sandwich and the Cuban is a fun twist too, not completely traditional yet still a Cuban!  With so many items done in house and locally sourced the food is always fresh and delicious!It's a strange location, but worth a trip.  Fresh baked bread is great and even better on one of their very nice selection of sandwiches.  Really good stuff.  Baked goods look decent and their king cake is pretty darn good but just beware of getting it by the slice since the slices seem to sit in the display and dry out.  Or at least mine did.  Also, I was surprised that a tiny little 8.5oz bottle of Coke Zero was $1.75.  Wow.
Overall though I'd go back for the sandwiches any day - ham with pepper jelly and cheese was great and the meatloaf with some sort of a tomato relish was also really good as has been the case with every sandwich I've tried on multiple visits.  The tables are set up strangely so even though it's a fairly large interior space seats can be a bit difficult to come by during a busy lunch.  Oh yeah, and if you don't watch closely you'll miss the place altogether - it's in the front of a random brick building with a sign that you don't see until you're practically past it.  And you have to park in a large lot behind the building.  I've gotta say that I would have passed right by from the outside, but inside they take things seriously and have truly great sandwiches.So good! Everything is wonderful, but their chai is particularly noteworthy (housemade, delicious, and only very mildly sweet).Really have come to like GB.  It's on my way to work and I can quickly pop in and out.  There's never much of a wait, perhaps one or two people ahead of me at the most.  Baked goods are usually very fresh and they have a lot of interesting things you don't see everywhere else.  My personal favorite right now is the Cruffin.  Give it a try.  It's not as heavy as a big muffin so I don't feel sluggish after I eat one.  It's also nice in the mornings to see actual bakers through the window baking.  Coffee is also fresh and delicious.  I prefer a chicory blend but this is just fine.Good baked goods. Good lunch menu. The atmosphere and decor is very good. Chocolate stuff is pretty expensive but you can get the small chocolate tart.The romesco and goat cheese kruffin I had this morning, at the server's insistence, was eyes-rolled-back-in-my-head, pound-my-fist-on-the-table good. 
I always play appetite versus eyesight tug of war when I go in the morning before work. I end up getting a breakfast pastry, which is delicious and it's what I'm there for in the first place, but I have rarely seen such a beautiful array of glistening, beckoning confections--the kind I typically think I haven't earned until my dinner plate is clean. 
I wish they were open at night. It would be a city-wide dessert destination. But I'm shameless, so I have definitely, more than once, bought that evening's dessert at 8:30 A.M. and carried it around with me to work and home so I wouldn't miss indulging that night.During my four day visit to New Orleans, I visited 2 of their 3 locations.  Both served up genuine hospitality, as well as delicious and expertly made croissants, breakfast sandwiches and an amazing salted caramel croissant.This place is next door to my office so I go there pretty frequently. Awesome Cuban sandwich and surprisingly excellent house salad (includes pecans and dried cranberries, yum). Their lunch menu is a little over-priced if you ask me but still good. Their baguettes are delicious, crunchy on the outside and chewy inside, and only cost about $2.We go to Gracious about twice a month, maybe a bit more. The food is always great. I usually get a strawberry crumble brioche and a chai latte. So good!! Pastries are always moist and delicious. I love their danishes of the day too. My fiancé likes the cakes. Today we actually are brunch there. I got the French toast which was surprisingly good. It was kind of eggy but somehow still crunchy on the outside--just like I like it!! The blueberry compute and the whipped cream tastes so fresh and not overly sweet either. My fiancé got the egg sandwich and it seemed to satisfy him. Be sure to get there early if you have your heart set on a specific item in the case. I'm almost always grabbing the last brioche! And I get there pretty early on the weekends!
The atmosphere is all right. It's bright but doesn't feel warm? Kind of sterile? It's always clean and there's a good amount of seating. Just maybe need some pictures or something. 
When we first started going to Gracious, the staff was just okay. Not super friendly especially by NOLA standards. They would answer your questions and that's about it, which was fine. The last couple of weeks though, we've noticed a significant change. The staff has been super friendly and helpful. They're excited to see you and y'all I'm always pumped to be there!! This bumped it up to a solid four star rating for me. Pop by for a tasty treat!Still loving this place. Don't miss the chicken salad sandwich. It is too yummy for words. The pickled red onions on top are perfection. If you're in need of a good cold brew iced coffee, look no further. And legit, some of the friendlist service in the city.Wonderful service and delicious iced chai. I also ate some cookies that hit the spot. Stevie, the host, was super nice and killed the game.Small bakery but delicious goods. They have everything. Cakes, breads, tarts, cookies. And they have free coffee from 10a-11aI love breakfast and I'm always trying out new places. This was across the street from my doctors and seemed to get great reviews. I order the Egg Sandwich and a Vanilla Latte. The Egg Sandwich has pros and cons. The bread was really good, not too strong. But the eggs were so strange! They didn't have like any yellow to it which makes me think it's just egg whites. I like to eat the whole egg or at least be told it's egg whites if that's it. But the eggs were super soft and fell apart like fish does. If you're are a texture person, I would avoid this sandwich.
The coffee was just a hair on the bitter end but was good for a latte. 
The pastries and some of the other items do look good though so I would recommend just not getting the Egg Sandwich and trying something out. Place was very clean and nice though. Friendly service.Great breakfast place.  On Sundays, after church, I would come here to pick up breakfast.  Their pastries are very good.  The service is great.  I will definitely be coming back.Anything but Gracious. 
Great baked goods which deserve a 4 or 5 star but the girls behind the counter have no customer service skills. 
Please train your servers to be better hosts. Totally ruined the experience.Best iced coffee! The ladies know exactly what I want before I get to the counter. Sweets are delicious!I wanted to try this place since it was on a list of good bakeries to go in New Orleans. It has a clean, neat big interior with a pretty simple design. I ordered a brownie and it was super fudgy and sweet (the way I like it) and the woman working at the counter even warmed it up for me, which not a lot of people think to do. I would reccommend trying this place out!Gracious Bakery & Cafe looks like it's the kind of business I love to support.  Unfortunately my experience has been mixed. Gracious bills itself as a Cafe but this is a diservice as food (while tasty) is an afterthought.  It is open for breakfast, but doesn't have a breakfast menu.  You can only order whatever quiche or pastry may or may not be in the case.  It is open for lunch but will not actually serve you from the lunch menu before 11:30... even if it's 11:10 and you're the only person in the shop and have driven across town for a sandwich.  No sandwich assembly can occur before 11:30 sharp.  A lack of concern for customer convenience was also an issue when placing a Thanksgiving order by phone.  Whoever answered the phone wouldn't take the order, but said they would call back shortly.  They never called. I've made several visits to Gracious. Some of the sandwiches, pastries and deserts I've had here have been very good but some were not.  Gracious needs to develop consistency in the appeal of what they offer, and improve communication and effort to accommodate customers.Great little lunch or breakfast spot. 
I highly recommend the caprese sandwich or the turkey breast sandwich (comes with pear, arugula, dijon mustard, and brie! yum). When I am feeling like a fat kid I get a side of chips and when I'm not I opt for the side salad. Both sandwich options come in at around $10 with tax so not too shabby for lunch.Stopped in to get a king cake today, and bought the nectar version. The display cakes had fruit flies in the box, so they went in the back and got another nectar king cake. The icing was cracked, so I should have been forewarned that yes, indeed, it tasted stale.  :( It was a surprise for one of our secretaries who loves nectar cream, so I am really bummed to be out $25 for nothing. I'd say the the king cake here is on the bready side.
On the bright side, the morning bun was delicious--very very flake and just the right of cinnamon-sugar goodness. and yes the croissants are the best as are the molasses ginger snaps.How can anyone not LOVE this place?!? I am rarely very excited about bakeries or sandwich shops, but this place has won my heart!! Granted, all of this is from a savory perspective; I have yet to try any sweets. I have tried 3 different lunch sandwiches, each one as delicious (if not more) than the last. Also, try the creamy herb dressing on the side salad if you're a tarragon fan. I had to buy a bottle of this today because its just that good. This has definitely become my new favorite lunch spot!Excellent strawberry cheesecake Danish.  Biting into those crusty buttery layers was amazing. Cinnamon roll was decent.Tried a couple of their pastries and daily soup. Everything we tried was good but the soup was a little cold. However, when I pointed it out, the employee was very apologetic and heated up the soup for me. Would recommend.Delicious treats and yummy coffee! The mini treats are especially good. We couldn't resist and went back for seconds.I love this bakery! the chocolate croissants are wonderful, made with Valrhona. Often on days off I will stop in for breakfast and a cup of coffee. Never been disappointed and the service is fast and friendly.So delicious! Almond and chocolate in one croissant?! Why haven't I seen this anywhere else before? It's so tasty! Cruffin and cinnamon roll swirl twist thing were good too. Cappuccino on point. Good service.This place was a disappointment. 
We were excited to try this place because of the raving reviews but the slow service and cold food was a turn off. 
We ordered the egg sandwich, added a side of fruit, 2 teas, and the French toast. Not sure how much I paid to add the side of fruit but I laughed when it came out. I got 1/4 of a Granny Smith sliced in slivers and about 8 blueberries. The egg sandwich was ok, but the bread was hard and squished the food out the back when I bit down. 
The French toast had a good taste, but was served at room temperature with an ice-cold compote. Maybe the food was cold because they forgot about us. We'll definitely try to forget this place.Delicious! Had the egg sandwich and parfait. Premium ingredients and just the right touch of added flavors with seasoning on the eggs and honey on the yogurt.Today was my first time visiting Gracious Bakery. I am so happy that I did. It is close to my job so I know that I have many visits ahead of me. 
I had a small cappuccino and a ham and cheese croissant. First, the coffee was perfect. It was very smooth, frothy and the perfect temperature. I am glad I chose something different from my usual latte. There were a number of other coffees, pastries and breakfast sandwiches to choose from. They all looked fresh and delicious but I decided to get the ham and cheese croissant.  I am so happy I did.  It was perfectly buttery, light, flaky and cheesy....I really took my time and enjoyed it unlike other mornings when I am so famished that I gobble right through. 
I noticed that they also have a lunch menu that consists of sandwiches, soups and salads. I can't wait to try some of those. 
Overall, my first experience here was really good. The staff was friendly, the coffee and food delicious and I also like that they open early at 7AM.One of the best bakeries in NOLA
Great sandwiches and cakes and super nice service as well - their salmon bagel is delicious!Lox bagel with fruit and Almond milk Chai Latte.  bagel, cream cheese and salmon... so much goodness! Nice random bakery find for a morning offDelicious coffee. Great customer service. A plentiful selection of beautiful, fresh baked goods. Open, spacious interior.
There is a missed opportunity to infuse personality into the space, and the film on the windows prevents it from being primarily naturally lit. Both would be big benefits.
Overall, a wonderful café featuring delicious food and drinks. Can't wait to see what they grow into.I've had their catered food before which has always been delicious and we finally ate breakfast there last weekend. I got the french toast that looked super delicious and when i bit into it, it was stale. I thought it was just me so i just kind of pushed it a side and started eating my son's waffle that he wasn't eating because ya know, he's 2 and doesn't eat food anymore. My husband asked how it was and I said "I don't know" with a sad face and when he tried it he said, oh yeah thats bad. So we literally never say anything but its not cheap so he mentioned it to the lady who happened to be the owner and she comped us our french toast and then gave us two spinach and feta croissants for free! THOSE WERE DELICIOUS! I'm sad the french toast didn't work out, but super happy they have great customer service! I did really enjoy everything else.This is a great coffee /lunch place to meet clients.  Clean, courtesy staff, fresh bread and pastries always.Goodness gracious! What a charming little find!
I have been up and down this street tons of times and I never noticed this little spot until a friend brought me here. I had just had a huge lunch, so I didn't partake in the amazing looking pastries. I am talking about HUGE danish that looked incredible. I just decided to get an iced coffee that was delicious and flavorful.
I also noticed that they have an array of sandwiches on the menu, so I will have to stop in one day for lunch and really see what this place is all about.Food & setting is great & the coffee drinks were really good.  Had the Cuban Sandwich & a iced Cafe Mocha with some Sazerac Rye thrown in to warm things up!
Sat on the sidewalk & watched NOLA go by.  Beautiful morning!