A reasonable dinner (our first night out in NOLA). Between the four of us, we shared a number of appetizers and mains. Be aware that the appetizers are fairly small. The compressed watermelon with pork belly was probably the best dish - flavorful, interesting and just enough for each of us to have about 2 bites. We also ordered the fried green tomatoes and shrimp as an appetizer which was decent. The pork chop main had delicious vinegary collard greens that we loved. The fish court bouillon was visually impressive and generously sized, if a bit bland. In additional although the stuffed crab was very flavorful - be aware its very small for the price as a main (we heard another diner who had ordered it  complaining "I just paid $30 for dinner and I'm still hungry!")I've been twice now and everything I've tried was perfect. In fact, the chicken and dumplings are beyond perfect. (As my husband said, there's no way you could make them better.) The shrimp and grits were to die for, too. The service was impeccable, the atmosphere was lovely, and the chef-owner was friendly and gracious. I'm so happy this place is in the neighborhood. We needed it!Had dinner here while visiting from out of town, and I think it was the best meal I've had in New Orleans!  Both of our dishes were out of this world, at the banana bread dessert was fantastic.
My colleague and I were seated at the table facing the kitchen, which was just plain cool to watch.  Never seen a commercial kitchen run and it was great.  Takes alot of guts to seat your guests directly in front of your kitchen, and we loved it!
Had a chance to chat with the chef/owner Eric Cook.  Super nice guy and very gracious.  Will definitely come back if I'm in New Orleans again.  Great job Gris Gris crew!Everything we tried was awesome!  Friendly and attentive service.  Fun atmosphere. We enjoyed sitting at counter and watching the chefs work.The menu is pretty small and the seating is a little odd. Food is decent but nothing to be too excited about.We went in today because it was Restaurant Week and wanted to eat the special menu.  It was not posted and when we told the waiter that we were there for that purpose he seemed a little disappointed.  I had read rave reviews about the Chicken and Dumplings and because it was on the special menu that is what I ordered.  First I had the house salad which was very good - wonderful mustard vinaigrette dressing.  The Chicken and Dumplings were very good - the dumplings were the best I have ever had.  Now the qualifier is that there just was not enough of them.  This may have been a Restaurant Week-sized portion which does happen with some of these special menus.  When we finished - and I ate the bread that came with it - I was not full.  I wasn't starving, but I was not full.  For a woman it was enough, but I would think a man would find it skimpy.  I will probably go back - the dumplings were that good - and see if the normal portion is any bigger.  There were some other things on the menu that caught my eye as well.  Worth another trip for sure.Went there for dinner last Sunday, best burger I've ever had, hubby got the duck and my son in law ordered the pork chops which was great also. Our server was friendly, we ate upstairs and it was very nice but only complaint was the lady with blue hair, a manager? She didn't crack a smile all night although I smiled at her as I took my grand daughter outside on the balcony to walk around, other then that everything was five stars, will be back when our visitors will be arriving in January.Needed some gizzards and duck!  A bit of a walk from the trolly but great service, excellent food.  Scrumptious bread pudding. Choose your ambiance as there are 3 areas to eat -- watch the kitchen, upstairs bar and balcony.  Didn't have the duck as there was a miscommunication and waiter said they were sold out when they weren't; however, we met the owner on the way out and he offered to give us free duck the next night. Will try to get back soon.What a hidden gem! Excellent service, delicious food and cocktails, perfect price point. Well done!Drove 2 hrs. with my family back to my hometown to check this place out after hearing about it from friends. The food here is a kicked up version of the food I grew up with.  IMO, A good NOLA restaurant is one with a quality of its roast beef poboy...and theirs is fantastic. My 12-year old (who is a VERY picky eater) liked it so much that she downed it in about 5 minutes and wanted to order another one! I'm not a big fan of fried oysters, but the Oyster BLT was amazing; they literally melt in your mouth, and the flavor of the pork belly was phenomenal. Mom's Chicken and Dumplings was spot on and really did tastd like home.  The Shrimp N' Gris-Gris Grits were excellent as well, with the grits the perfect consistency to complement the shrimp and the "gris-gris" itself. The King Emmett is a great spinoff of on an Old Fashioned, and dessert (Chocolate Cheesecake and Key Lime Pie) capped off a fantastic meal. 
What really makes this place unique, though, is the dining experience.  There aren't many places where you get to talk to the chef and his crew while they're cooking and watch the magic unfold.  The atmosphere is cozy, with a great vibe.  The service was equally up to the food standards as well!   Can't wait to come back for dinner. Overall an outstanding experience that I would highly recommend.We stumbled on this place and fell in love with it. Eric Cook the owner has something special here. The food is NOLA Home cooking with an upgrade. My wife had the shrimp and grits. His is different and better than any we have had. I had the gumbo which was spicy and great. Then I followed with Mama's chicken and dumplings. They were as advertised. For dessert we had chocolate cheesecake.  Highly recommend this new restaurant. Prices were not bad, especially for NOLA.They happily accommodated our party of eight on the upstairs patio. I ordered the Voodoo Queen drink and excellent shrimp & fried green tomato appetizer and stole samples of everyone else's dishes. Everything was fantastic! I can't imagine a lovelier way to spend part of a late afternoon.Loved this place! I've wanted to go for a while and the stars finally aligned yesterday! Got great seats around the open kitchen. I love to cook and love to watch the workings of a restaurant kitchen. And this is a great kitchen to watch. It is spotless and runs like clockwork! The ingredients are beautiful. The chef was prepping swordfish that looked incredible. I went to try the gumbo and chicken and dumplings. Both did not disappoint. The chicken and dumplings were seriously some of the best I've ever had. The gumbo was excellent. Had a chance to talk to Chef Eric. That was a special treat. He is very passionate about what is coming out of his kitchen and it comes through all around. Only suggestion would be a complete booze list to see what other spirits are offered in addition to what is on the cocktail menu. Loved Gris Gris and will definitely be back!!I don't even know where to start . I've had almost everything on the menu and I haven't found anything I don't like . I think they have The Best gumbo in the city ! I know that's a bold stay but it's the truth , it's packed full of chicken and sausage. The chicken and gizzards are so tender and amazing , I get them almost every time I come . This place gives me a feeling like my grandmother is back there cooking all the amazing dishes they have . Don't forget to try the butter pecan pie for desert .Hot damn
This place is explosive, i ordered shrimp, the gizzards and fish .
I came back the next day and boom!
Ask the waiter what the specials are, they are pro'sFabulous food. Never fails to deliver. We split the roast beef po boy and the oyster po boy. Both spot on. If you have never been , you are missing out. Rock on, Eric Cook!!We sat at the chefs counter for the best view in the house. cracklings and cheese, Fried green tomatoes + shrimp apps were amazing as were the shrimp and grits and chicken and dumplings.  The sticky bread pudding and the cheesecake were gone in a second.  Best of all the owner/chef came by and talked us through the menu.  Would absolutely go back.New Orleans has a lot of options. Gris Gris is  trying hard to compete. The food is good (not great) in comparison with other similar restaurants (think a more creative and upscale, but less friendly/less local Joey K's). The drinks are far above level of Joey K's--in fact, I'd say they're the best for a mile around. 
Great outdoor seating, too, although Gris Gris places "reserved" signs on tables that aren't reserved in order to save those spaces for walk-ins who seem like they might spend a lot. For neighbors looking for a drink and a bite, expect to sit inside at the over-air-conditioned bar while the wait staff lets all the nice outdoor balcony tables sit empty, waiting for wandering AirBnB-ers to stumble in. 
In short, If you're a tourist looking for a chill but classy dinner spot in a local-feeling neighborhood: Gris Gris is for you. But Gris Gris could do a lot to cultivate more return business from locals. I've been there 5 times, and I walk past at least twice a day on errands and on the way to the gym, etc. Every time I've walked in the door everyone in the space assumes I'm a first time visitor. The vibe reeks of gimmicks and up-sales. Red beans and rice are supposedly "lagniappe" on Mondays, but only if you ask for them, or if you're a party of six from Minnesota ordering lots of drinks. Don't say you have "lagniappe" if you're not going to offer it to neighbors and return customers who are thinking about making Monday nights at Gris Gris a regular thing. 
Likewise, Happy hour is sometimes mentioned but not always. If you're a group of young tourists I bet you get the happy hour list awful quick. Look, Gris Gris, it's not about the bargains or freebies, but about locals trying to find a nice place to eat, drink, and spend money where we can feel like we can relax and not be upsold to constantly. Gris Gris throws out signals like they want to be a place where people in the neighborhood can go once or twice a week....but right now they're not achieving that very well. They don't seem like they're interested in regulars. 
Like I said, all the drinks I've tried have been very good, and reasonably priced. But the food is nothing to write home about. Salads are expensive and tiny. Burger is decent, not memorable. Their Gumbo is the best dish I've tried--after trying it I was convinced to give Gris Gris another chance after several visits of unimpressive food and service that left me feeling like a stranger on my own block. I'm looking for a reason to go back, but for now I'll head elsewhere--at least Turkey and the Wolf never sizes me up and sits me at the bar just because they hope tourists will walk in and spend more. Come to think of it, neither does Jack Rose, and they're in a hotel!Rocked up for restaurant week. Sat at downstairs bar. Chicken & andouille gumbo was on point. Chicken and dumplings was dope; savory but refined. Shrimp and grits was satisfying and still unique. Chef made the the whole bar feel welcomed. Cocktails and service were strong. Overall a great addition to the neighborhood.Don't miss out! This has only been open since August 1st and it is a find. Oyster BLT is a must. Chicken and Dumplings are delish and a Lagniappe on Monday's...Free red beans and rice that would make any mother proud.The chicken and andouille gumbo was incredible! The roux was dark, thick, and had tons of flavor. I took this order to-go as I was just craving a good bowl of gumbo at home, and Gris-Gris' definitely hit the spot!This is a lovely place where our family had a great lunch. 
Since they do not take reservations for groups as large as ours we made sure we arrived at the restaurant ten minutes before it opened on a nice sunny Sunday morning. 
As the saying goes, the early bird gets the worm. We were able to be seated on the balcony overlooking the popular Magazine Street. 
Our server did a great job which was a pleasant surprise as service does not seem to be a high priority in the New Orleans restaurant scene. 
While we basked in the sunshine our food arrived without us having to endure a long wait.
One of my selections was gizzards and I thoroughly enjoyed them. My po boy was also well put together, loaded with oysters. 
My dining companions were also happy with their respective choices. 
All in all, a lovely experience. 
Sent from my iPhoneRound two just as good as the first time. Tried the pork belly with compressed watermelon and the oyster salad this time around. Both flavorful and delicious. Pork belly is super tender and the watermelon is sweet and crisp. Oyster salad had a great sugarcane vinaigrette and simply
Prepared with the blue cheese and fried oysters.We came for lunch and I left hungry. The fried oyster/pork belly appetizer was very good. My friend had an oyster poboy with fries. Fries were not frozen but not very crispy. I had stuffed crab. One small lonely "stuffed crab" appeared on my plate with a bit of greens and mini tomatoes. It tasted just ok; I did not see much crab or shrimp and left hungry and disappointed.
I thought it was unprofessional of cooking staff to be eating while they prepared our food in front of us!  We won't return due to all above!Excellent food and drinks. Staff is very friendly! Honestly most friendly I've encountered in NOLA. The balcony is a great spot to enjoy outside with Magazine street views.Yesterday, was the first of the four event wine series at Gris Gris. Perfect event for the Wine Enthusiast. I think this is one of my favorite places for the wine series in New Orleans. 
I am so happy that I attended this event on Thursday. We spent most of our time on the 3rd floor and rooftop. There was a private event space with access to the third story rooftop. The cool thing about this restaurant is every floor has a balcony. We got there, sometime before 'Wine o'clock' and the ambiance of the restaurant was really pretty. 
I have never been a Rose' drinker, so I was excited to try this event. I always say I will work on that Wine Lover's Guide to NOLA and include places like this in the list. For $35 you really get well above what you spend. Access to wines, tastings, bites and giveaways. We made a reservation to sit on the second floor to eat. We could not resist. The kitchen is lit with good cooks and chefs! I posted some photos below of the rolling GUMBO, Chicken & Dumplings and Shrimp & Grits. All three excellent choices. I suggest trying them in a plate sharing situation. I really liked the chicken & dumplings. The dumplings were so fresh.Don't skip this restaurant on your visit to New Orleans. And if you plan to go, try to get a seat at the "Chef's Table" which allows you to see the magic taking place in the kitchen. Actually, it's more like a chef's "bar" than a table but we enjoyed the show and got to speak to the owner and hear the story of the restaurant and how it got it's name (more on that later). 
We had the Fried Green Tomatoes as our appetizer. The smokey remoulade  covering the shrimp and tomatoes made it stand out from all the other FGT we had tried before but be aware that is an appetizer for one with only two tomatoes on the plate. For entree's, we had Chicken and Dumplings, Grilled Pork Chop and the Redfish Court-Bullion. I have never ordered a whole fish entree before and was surprised when I saw it dropping in the deep fryer. It was ceremoniously plated with popcorn rice and tomatoes and some nicely charred lemons. I quickly forgot about the fish head turned to face me as I picked at its tender flesh. It was scored vertically and the meat fell easily from the bone and was a true New Orleans treat and highly recommended.
The other two entrees for which I only had small taste's were equally impressive. The Chicken and Dumplings was comfort food elevated to a fine dining experience. It was like slipping on your favorite worn sweater on a chilly evening and sitting by the fireplace kind of comfort. The grilled pork chop was cooked to order (med-well) and was juicy tender perfection. 
But back to the owner - if you come on a relatively slow evening, be sure to ask the origins of the name and location. Being an out-of-towner the term Gris Gris was unfamiliar but was explained in great detail about the gold drawstring bag hanging on the utensil rack from the ceiling. Let's just say the stories brought to life the true lore of New Orleans and it was a unexpected delight to be able to hear about NO culture from a true native of the region./
All-in-all it was a great experience and I don't think that you'll be disappointed.There is a wonderful saying that I love: "New Orleans is my Favorite Restaurant!" We live just 60 miles away and drive to N/O twice a month to eat dinner and visit our favorite shops and artists' studios. Today we discovered "GrisGris" and our world reorganized itself! Just so you know....It is by far our new favorite Restaurant! Tonight, to begin, we had the "Pork Belly and Watermelon" appetizer and a perfect Oyster Salad! Then for the entree we had a supreme "Redfish Courtboullion!" We've had it in a dozen restaurants around the country and have also cooked it several times but this was the best by far! Our Table Host was Alfred and, teamed with Ethan as bartender, we had a perfect meal! (Be sure to try the "King Emmett" made with McCallen Scotch and Lemoncello. ....It was a great complement to the meal!....especially the second one!) "Cook" the Executive Chef and Owner deserves the highest accolades for his b
new restaurant! We will be back many times! Try GrisGris! You'll be extremely pleased!Another culinary gem in our town. The food dishes drinks and service are amazing. 
This is a place that represents everything that New Orleans has to offer.
Downstairs seating is in the kitchen on stools, my favorite. Upstairs has the normal dining area. 
I encourage you to visit and enjoy this place. The food is out of this world. 
Enjoy.The gumbo, po'boy oyster sandwich and most importantly the service and chefs were amazing! A must stop in NOLA!My girl friend and I were visiting from out of state and looking for something to eat and we stopped into Gris-Gris because it looked inviting. As we walked in the host wasn't very pleasant and did not make conversation or even smile at us. We got a table on the balcony and did not get service for at least 10 minutes. Once we did get service the waitress (Brittany M) did not seem delighted to be there. Didn't ask us how we were, did not welcome us to the Resturant and even forgot our drinks, which was just water that took an extra 10 minutes. The gumbo to start was very good. Our entrees were very good as well, but the server would not know because she didn't even stop by to ask how it was. Small portions for the price but tasty. Overall service was very slow and ruined our experience because of it.Incredibly delicious selections served by friendly staff-- including the chef who came out to chat with us for a bit as if we were regulars. Of all the eateries we experienced in New Orleans as first time visitors enjoying the city for a few days, I must say Gris-Gris was our favorite.Great place in Lower Garden District. Sat outside on the upstairs patio. Cocktails were great and the food was delicious. Great view.Amazingly good food. What you want and expect from a NOLA Native. Oyster BLT is literal perfection. Sweet and tangy tomato marmalade, fatty and flavorful pork belly, and oysters fried to perfection. Oyster poboy was great as well, Cajun caviar, buttermilk ranch, and arugula. Fries were generous and delicious. Portions and flavors makes everything worth the price. 
Watching Chef Cook in his zone, making sure every dish that goes out is top notch and up to his standards, just makes the whole experience even better. Open kitchen is super inviting and it's always fun watching everyone at work. Service was great, wasn't pushy, kept up on refills, very prompt and polite. 
Definitely going to be a new favorite and will be back again and again!oAnother lunch and another amazing lunch. Got seated around the kitchen table leave one, my favorite 
The menu has lots to offer. We started with shrimp and fried green tomatoes with wine and beer. 
My wife got the shrimp and grits...amazing. And I got the burger on a pretzel bun cooked to perfection. 
The staff are friendly. The place is inviting and the food is excellent. 
Go and enjoy!Gumbo 
Shrimp and grits 
Cinnamon bread pudding 
Found this on thrillist for one of the best new restaurants of 2018. So glad we came during our trip. Staying on canal was also nice to venture out to this neighborhood to eat. We came after and walked from the WWII museum. Super friendly bartenders and staff. Good acoustics upstairs.High quality ingredients and perfectly executed! Sat at chefs table and witnessed one of the most relaxed and efficient kitchens I have ever seen. Super friendly and laid back atmosphere. Overall, one of the most satisfying dining experiences in quite a while, certainly a standout for a weekend in New Orleans. Only hope that this joint stays consistent over time and maintains the level of quality that they are currently putting out. Will definitely be back!This is my favorite new restaurant! It's hard to believe they've only been open for 12 days. It runs like a very seasoned and established venue. The experience from calling for reservations to leaving with hugs from the wait staff was truly an awesome experience. These folks know and understand fine dining and service. Both are impeccable! 
Book the chef's table for a treat to see a kitchen staff doing what they do best! Cook and Brooke are one heck of a team! It's a beautiful thing to watch everyone work in unison and I felt as if I was in the middle of an amazing occasion that was television worthy. The fusion of food and its presentation is beyond delectable! Order the Chicken Gizzard Grillades. They are Anthony Bourdain worthy!!!
Then treat yourself to the bar upstairs and venture out on the balcony that commands a fabulous view of Magazine and Felicity. Truly a treasure find and a menu that leaves you wanting more!Staying at an Air B N B around the corner and saw this restaurant online and got really excited. We showed up 20 min before the posted closing only to be turned away. They weren't seating anymore.  The host wasn't very hospitable and the owner came up and said hello. "Hey, it's Mardi Gras."  Exactly. The peak season when you make the most money. So you'll turn away 5 hungry guests who will easily eat a full meal and have two rounds of cocktails. It's ok. We'll take our money somewhere else. And won't be back. May I suggest changing your closing time to 8:30 if you're not gonna seat till 9?!The staff were great and very welcoming. The food was amazing and everything we tried and shared was delicious. From the Smokey shrimp and tomato to the chicken dumplings that I scraped the bottom of the bowl, nothing left me wanting more. Great job and we will be back.Gumbo and setting were excellent. The rest was very frustratingly subpar. Sat on the balcony and service was very difficult... painful every step. The service absolutely does not match the price point - not even close. The gumbo was good but the shrimp and fried green tomatoes sucked, even though it's only good things that go into that dish. The tomatoes were cold and the breading was way too thick; the shrimp were raw on the inside... couldn't eat them. And on top was a nasty congealed orange sauce. With so many good places in Nola I won't be back.What a wonderful dining experience! Make sure to see Ethan and Danny upstairs for a great time. Let them suggest whatever they want and trust them! You won't be disappointed.Best.  Porkchop.  Ever.
Finish it off with the bread pudding.  
Ponder whether you should move here to be closer.I really wanted to like this place, but it was just so average. Small menu, which is fine if everything on it is amazing, but everything was way under seasoned which is disappointing. Drinks were good . Atmosphere and service was fine. But for the prices I expected a lot more. Probably won't be back.This was a spur of the moment decision and we were so glad we stop. The food was amazing and the staff was so nice.Superb southern cuisine, hand crafted magic by Chef Eric.  Stuffed crab and Oyster BLT are a must and the chocolate cheesecake is divine.  Friendly staff, local vibe, far better than any touristy spot in the French Quarter.  Dine at the kitchen bar if you can, great ambience as you watch the chef's in action.  Can't wait to come back soon!Was hesitant when we arrived and were seated at the counter overlooking the kitchen...it was slightly crowded and wait staff had to work around and between the diners.But if you want a bit of entertainment, Chef Cook puts on a show that boarders on a mild Gordon Ramsey as he knit picks every move on the line, but the food is absolutely fantastic and any hesitation deliciously melted away. Perhaps our best and most memorable meal in NOLA.Epic may be close to the words I would use to describe. Just went tonight for my birthday. Take people with you. Ordering as much as you can so you can try many things. Nothing was disappointing.  The ladies bathroom has a very Dreams of the Witchouse feel which only adds to the experience. I highly recommend.Great food atmosphere and location. Stoped by for lunch after hearing Tom Fitzmorrus talk about the place. will be back!Stumbled upon this gem after going on a little sightseeing while walking around. The food, service and ambiance did not disappoint!!  Get the gumbo and the dumpling...so good!
We got to meet the owner & even heard about the building history.I love New Orleans.  I love the food.  But it CAN get a little repetitious.
The menu at Gris Gris has some interesting differences from common NOLA fare...and it WORKS.
Their bread pudding is magnificent.  Their chicken wings are served with a nice sweet and zingy sauce.  Their chicken and dumplings is excellent comfort food.
Go there.
Eat their food and be happy.Had the appetizer shrimp with fried green tomatoes - exceptional!  Moms chicken and dumplings and cast iron seared fish for our entrees and they were delicious!  For dessert we had the butter praline pecan pie and bread pudding. Uh-mazing!!! This place was recommended by someone who lives in the garden district and comes here 4 times a week. So we had to try it and it did not disappoint.Well made house cocktails and a very accommodating bartender upstairs...the bar is missing Sotol, though. 
The Oyster BLT appetizer and stuffed crab entree was delicious, and dessert (some sort of pecan-mousse pie) was AMAZING! My friend said her steak was good, but she didn't care for the potatoes. 
I would have liked to see more changes to the interior to reflect a "Gris Gris" atmosphere, as I couldn't spot anything that looked any differently then when Square Root occupied the space. 
The only, albeit pretty big downfall was the child/teen pop music, apparently the choice of one of the chefs...it threw a wrench in the ambiance and sucked a little fun out of the evening.Amazing food with an amazing experience. You get to sit and hang out with the chef as he prepares the nights fares. Super cool and surprisingly great with kids. The whole staff is amazing and interactive. Highlights were the duck and the crackling.Tried this restaurant because a friend recommended it and for the reviews. Food was very good. Giving it 3 stars because it is uncomfortable for anyone who has physical limitations. We were (thankfully) seated at the kitchen counter, which is bar height. The only bathrooms are upstairs. Staff did tell us there is a nail salon with a bathroom across the street if we couldn't get up the stairs. 
When I asked the manager, he told me they were "grandfathered in." I'm just disappointed in the year 2018, there is not another choice for handicapped people who need to use the restroom. 
New Orleans is filled with great restaurants, so I can choose another one next time.One of my favorite new restaurants in NOLA.  Try the shrimp and grits, the bread pudding with coffee and the port belly & watermelon and you'll come away pleasantly surprised.All around great experience. It's truly wonderful when you see the chef involved proud of what is going on front and back of house, and the execution of food was phenomenal. The dumplings were the fluffiest we have ever had. The shrimp and grits were wonderful. I highly suggest.We tried several appetizers and they were all delicious! Flavorful combinations you wouldn't normally think of. And my duck with sweet potato casserole was ah.mae.zing!We only came in for a wee bite, but were blown away by this fried green tomato shrimp smoked tomato butter sauce appetizer. I will definitely come back when in NO again.Best meal I had in New Orleans! It was delish! The drinks were amazing too. We shared gumbo, chicken gizzards, and shrimp and grits. The bartender who was also our server was very nice and gave us great recommendations. Will be back.For a restaurant that's less than two weeks old they are doing really well. Oysters were fried to perfection and I loved the shrimp and grits. My only complaint was wanting more grits. The stuffed crab missed the mark. I tasted more breading than seafood. I'd return again just for the chocolate cheese cake which tasted more like a rich mousse than cheesecake. Our server was excellent, attentive and helpful. The only hiccup was that the hostess gave us lunch menus which we ordered from so we had some sticker shock when the check arrived.Awesome food and atmosphere.  I was sad to see 
Square root go but this is a much better use of the space offering an open kitchen with less exclusive feel and more at home in the kitchen feel.  Better business plan to get more turn over. 
The whole red fish was excellent but the fried green tomatoes could use some work perfecting.  All in all it was a great experience and will be returning.Wow - for a new restaurant open less than a month, they have their act together. We ordered different plates so we could all taste a little bit of everything. The fish, shrimp and steak were all perfect. The service was incredible. Ask for Aisha, excellent, excellent, excellent. We will definitely be back. Prices are very reasonable for what you get.Man. In a town full of amazing food, it's hard to get blown away. Just come in and order anything, even things you'd never eat take on new meaning. We just dropped in for a simple lunch and I'd be hard pressed not to come back for dinner. Get off of Bourbon and head down to Magazine.Went here for restaurant week and had a truly delicious house salad and shrimp & grits. The chef was very friendly and the space is beautiful. Would definitely come back! Nice drink menu tooI got knocked up by this restaurant.
Amazing grilled fish, even better desserts. Friendly staff in a cozy hospitable environment. Make sure to sit by Cook for a full experience!I had the stuffed crab, pork belly over watermelon and red beans and rice. It was incredibly delicious with flavors so sublime. I loved the atmosphere and the staff was very attentive. The fact that it is located in one of my favorite buildings is an added bonus. I can't wait to go back.Just checked in after getting. Served a great gin and Elderflower cocktail and sexy fruity but not too sweet sangria!  5 stars for ambiance, service and mixology.We enjoyed our meal and our waiter Glenn was really a pro. The food exceeded our expectations and that's saying something in Nola. We sat outside on the sidewalk table area. I hope Gris-Gris is a big success in this stretch of Magazine. We will be back.Super good and yummy food and great service!!! Smallish menu which was maybe the only thing that we would see as a negative. But we would go back sometime for sureHad the pleasure of experiencing this foodie heaven as a result of a recommendation from the bartender Zach.  Loved the shrimp and Gris Gris grits so much that I came back a second time!  The Chef Eric Cook is amazingly friendly. To watch him and Chef Brooke kick ass in the kitchen is a real sight to see!!! You must sit at the counter to watch the action!  Absolutely delicious food.. I'll dream about those shrimp and grits .... I'm sure one day I'll wake up in the middle of night craving it and get on an airplane out here from California just to get my fix!!!This, by far, has to be the BEST meal I have ever had. My husband and I are visiting in from Chicago. There are over 7000 restaurants to choose from in the Windy City. And I have had cuisine from  Africa to Venezuela to Vietnamese to Greek. Only the African meal had really stirred my soul until now. 
My husband had the Gumbo du hour (Paroisse Vermillion inspired with Louisiana Popcorn Rice) and I had the Shrimp and Gris-Gris Grits. O. M. G.  I was speechless. 
I'll be missing this place until we return again!Amazing restaurant, food, atmosphere, experience, and on and on. The food was off the charts wonderful, we came with a big group (12) for my bachelorette and they put us in a gorgeous private party room with rooftop balconies and lounge space. Our server was unbelievably accommodating, and attentive.  Everything went so smoothly, and everyone was very satisfied-- cannot rave enough. I got the pork chop, it was phenomenal including the sides, which were so flavorful. I tried my friend's chicken and dumplings and it was so schmaltz-y and savory, another friend's swordfish was perfectly cooked and seasoned. We got the bread pudding dessert based on other reviews and it lived up to the hype!! But when we saw the chocolate cheesecake with bacon fat chocolate ganache, we decided to double down and I've got to say, dessert is often sort of a let down other places because a) you're already stuffed and b) restaurants don't really try as hard. These were outstanding.Loved it! A friend and I went for opening night and had a wonderful time. The ambience, the service, and THE FOOD were all terrific. 
The first floor has a wrap-around counter that looks into the kitchen. You can watch them make these delicious dishes! Upstairs has a beautiful bar along with indoor and outdoor seating. Tough choice, but I really wanted to watch the pros cook :)
We started off with a round of the hibiscus daiquiris. So delicious. We also had the Briggite cocktail and the Sweet Caroline. Loved them both. 
For food we did the shrimp with fried green tomatoes appetizer. The sauce was to die for, and the tomatoes were perfectly fried. I'm still thinking of them. I had the fish and shrimp entree. It comes with squash, zucchini, and tomatoes. So light and fresh! I was full and still put it all down. Couldn't waste a bit. Now, my friend got the shrimp and gris-gris grits. I was a little jelly after trying hers. While mine was light and crisp, hers was so rich and creamy. We kept taking bites of each other's dish. 
All around great time. Our server was funny, accommodating, and around just enough ;) can't wait to go back!Gris-Gris is great.  It fits this area perfectly.  Flavorful and reasonably priced.  This place holds up well, and that's saying something in a food Mecca like New Orleans.  
Full range of clientele the night we were there --  families with kids, millennial couples, table of middle age girls-night-out yakking it up.  
Best app :   Fried oysters and pork belly. Sugarcane vinegar sauce was to die for.  A real show-stealer.  
All entrees were great.  
The burger tasted like the one they served at the downtown cafe in my grandmother's hometown, but dressed up nice.  Possibly the best burger around.  Perfectly cooked, perfectly seasoned patty, perfect thickness of fresh tomato, perfectly fresh Bibb lettuce.  House made pickles.  
Chicken & dumplings.  Excellent.  Like grandma's except starts with a little brown roux for flavor.  Even our picky child lapped it up.  
Shrimp and green tomatoes rocked.  
Mixed greens salad had a light, sweetish dressing.  
French fries were a little soft, underdone, but I let the waiter know and I feel sure they'll fix it.  
I hope Gris-Gris makes it.  It's been a tough location.  I'll be back and we'll be sending our friends here.The chicken and dumplings are amazing. Beautiful concept for a restaurant, it has an open kitchen. Staff is super friendly.Great location. We sat outside on the balcony.  The deviled eggs were good but salty. The sword fish & shrimp entree was delicious. The service was prompt & kind.Easy 5 stars here.  We were recommended by my husband's colleague for our anniversary trip to New Orleans.  Gris- Gris did NOT disappoint.  It was our favorite meal out of the entire trip, and we did A LOT of eating.  We sat at the chef's table, which I normally wouldn't have booked, but I'm incredibly happy we ended up there.  (We originally booked the balcony, but it was FREEZING outside) There, we watched the care and detail that went into each dish.  Each plate was carefully composed and exquisite.  Chef Eric and his ENTIRE staff gave us such an unforgettable, authentically warm and engaging experience that will be remembered for quite some time.  Thank you again!This is what my neighbor hood needs, a fairly priced restaurant where locals can keep coming back. It's affordable and I had so much fun sitting with my wife as Erik cook, the creator of this excellent fresh menu. I love how he interacted with myself and with my wife. The staff is also amazing, making sure we are always full of water, never had to ask for the check or wait for anything. Pardon my language but this is what New Orleans fucking needed. Staff that are hardworking, attentive and happy. We will be coming back always!  If you haven't tried them out you are missing out. Our server meaghan or Meghan, not sure how to spell her name was funny, knowledgeable and knew what cocktails and beer to bring us. They do also have a upstairs bar and open patio outside!!!While visiting a friend in town, we heard about Gris-Gris and had to try it out. We ate at the kitchen table and thoroughly enjoyed our dining experience. The shrimp and fried green tomatoes appetizer is a definite YES. we then opted for comfort food by getting the pork chop and the chicken-n-dumplings dishes. The presentation along with the flavor of the dishes were spot on. (The presentation of the red fish was so cool, I had to post a picture eventhough we didn't order it).  Not thinking we had any room for dessert, we saw the bread pudding walk by and decided there was PLENTY of room for dessert. The bread pudding tastes like an amazing combination of a cinnamon bun - streusel- bread pudding. Simply amazing!  And talking with owner / chef Eric Cook...aka "Cook" made us feel like we were at home enjoying a meal and a conversation with family. Get on over to this neighborhood restaurant and enjoy some good ol' New Orleans dishes.