The poor bartenders have to wear a borderline inappropriate outfit at work. Despite that they do a great job. Customer service was great. Drinks were cold. And ~10 TVs. Great place to watch. Game. They so not sell food!!!! But you can order take out next door. Had a great experience.I wouldn't exactly call Happy's an "Irish pub", and I wouldn't really call it a "pub" either.. There's not much Celtic influence or culture to be found anywhere except references to "Irish heritage" by way of a Guinness sign or a cardboard clover here and there. Maybe a few green stained glass panels every now and then.
Other than that, though... it's a pretty damn decent bar. In fact, it's more than decent. They have  about 4 of the old style beer towers with several taps. They also serve REALLY. BIG. BEERS. Oh yes. And not for a big price, either! Hooo Rah! Those beers are served up cold and  right, too. I can't recall any time where a tap was messed up or the bartender didn't know how to pour a beer or anything like that.
Oh yes, the bartenders. I like how they're dressed. My main reason to go to Happy's is for an ice cold brew on tap, but the secondary reason, let's all get honest here, is because of the scantily clad girls that tend that bar. I'm a man. I'm not a pig. ;) And in this case, at this particular bar, if I've had quite enough beer and one of those girls asks me real nice if I'd like another, the answer 85% of the time is gonna be yes. Good business model, Happy's. Touche'.
They have a few booths in which to sit and they're wooden and kept nice and clean. There is also a rather nice outside patio with some real plants (as opposed to crappy fake plastic) all around.
Now the brass and tacks of why this review is only 4 stars instead of 5 after I've said all those nice things about the beer, prices and the girls.
The parking SUCKS.    .     Period. See that extra period? That means I mean what I say. There is very limited parking in front of the building and there always seems to be NO parking around the block, so it is often not possible to "stop and have one drink at Happy's" on your way home or anything like that. 99% of the time, you must pay to park in the lot across Poydras. And idk about you, but if I don't have to PAY to park, I won't. Get my drift? 
That's not exactly Happy's fault, but it ultimately factors into my decision on weather or not I'm going to stop and have a drink at Happy's. And unfortunately, every time I've thought abut it, because of the parking, or lack thereof, the decision was "no".
Other than all that, though... if you're staying in the quarter for the night like we often do, or if you want to pregame it somewhere before a final destination and you'd rather not go to a bunch of different places, it's not a bad idea to park your ride in the lot across Poydras and then park your butt on a stool at Happy's. Hell, maybe it's even good as a final destination. I wouldn't know, though. You go and find out for yourself.Stopped in with some friends for a "walking around beer". Didn't even sit down. The interior looked really nice and that it would produce a good atmosphere later at night. It was about 3pm on a Saturday when I stopped by and we were the only people in the joint.Overpriced. Over crowded. Loud. Not impressed. Don't bother wasting your time to stop in other than to check it off your list. 
Waitresses were. Well. Anyway have fun.Laurennnn !!! Best bartender of the month! Come see her, she'll take care of you. This place is a great place to hangout day or night. There's a patio for sunshine and the inside has plenty of "happy" light throughout.Was not impressed.  Watching two gals (servers) rub all over each other while a handful of guys were getting their rocks off is not my idea of an Irish pub.Love this spot for a random beer in the CBD. Really enjoy coming here every Wednesday for Happy's Running Club (run a 5k then 2-for-1 beers afterwards). Had a great pub feel and everyone is always very nice and friendly.Some of the girls working here look nice in the kinky plaid outfits.  I don't think they have food and I didn't see anybody eating or any space for a kitchen.  They have nice large steins of beer available and the patio is decent.  The indoor section is pretty small so if it is hot enough to need air conditioning there isn't a lot of space.  When I went it seemed to mostly be people waiting for seating next door at super crowded Walk On's.  The servers seemed pretty confused so I guess they are still in training mode and getting the new place up and going.  An "ok" place but probably not my first choice for a watering hole as it was majority dudes and the few girls there seemed turned off by the kinky outfits of the servers.  This place is like a mini-Hooters but better outfits.My review is mainly on the customer service. 
We live around the corner and were looking for a sports bar that'd show the Barcelona vs. Madrid soccer game..."El Clasico"; being an Irish pub we were hoping they would.  We stopped by a couple days before to ask and they said there shouldn't be a problem given that the game was at 1pm and the Saints/Chargers game wasn't until 7. We showed up the day of the event and it was on on 2 screens! Yay! We were definitely the minority as the place started getting packed with Saints fans, nonetheless they were totally cool with us ( all 8 fans that I could count in the bar) and left it on. 
4 stars for now and if they keep treating us right...it may just become our local 5 star bar ;) 
Oh! some other cool things:  1) You can send someone over to the Walk-Ons food window for great grub, bring it in and enjoy it without a problem at Happy's which made me happy!!! 2) They have live bands sometimes in the outside patio. 3) They let you have your dog with you on the patio :DIf you're looking for a fun bar to go to for the Superbowl - DO NOT go here. I left my purse at the bar a few weeks ago and a patron turned it in to a bartender. Long story short the manager says he threw it in the trash without looking in it because his mother "taught him never to look inside a woman's purse." Needless to say that manager, Rory, was completely rude and condescending to me. He first offered to pay me for my purse and then tried to tell me it probably wasn't even mine! I emailed the owners and I have not received a response. There are plenty of awesome bars in New Orleans. This isn't one of them.The service is a little uneven: Brooke, who's there most weekdays until rush hour, is one of the best bartenders in the city.  She sets the tone for the best of them: energetic, positive, and cool.  A lot of the other girls are great and follow her example.  But some sort of sit back against the bar and avoid looking at you.  Once in awhile, they'll bitch about working there (you get that everywhere) or whatever: unprofessional, especially when things are slow and they know you can hear it.
But they're good looking, if that's your thing, and the alcohol is fairly cheap, if that's your thing.  The ceilings are way too high to be an "Irish pub," and the music is corporate radio, but they're an interesting tangent to  the cheap liquor and slightly randy flavor of a real Irish pub.  (If you want _real_ Irish, Finn McCool's and Kerry's are your spots.)
The alcohol here is quite cheap,
but to call it "Irish" a leap.
The barmaids are fetching!
Whether drinking or letching,
It's fun for a drunk, or a creep.It's better than walk ons but still pricey. The bartenders are at least nice and quick to take care of people which is why there is never a long wait here vs walk onsHP was a great bartender! We had a great night with great conversations and of course great drinks. This is a place you can go for a positive environment and good vibes.Fun time, great prices....but i thought irish bars play irish music?!
Thought irish bars have other irish beers besides guinessA nice little bar, BUT...
I would have rated a 5 right up until they started BLASTING the music over really bad speakers - starting a competition between obnoxious music and patrons trying to carry on conversations by yelling at each other over the noise.  Totally wrecked what charm the place has.  We had wondered why they aren't busier, now we understand!5vies fives fives! Omg omg omg. Came here on our last night out and wished we found it on day one. HP was our bartender and she's the best bartender ever. Super friendly, makes great recommendations and has some concoctions you've never heard of before but will definitely make you leave with a smile. The interior of this place is gorgeous, my goal is to have it as my man cave when I'm old. High ceilings, lost of wood and great music. Don't make the mistake I did and find it on your last day in NOLA.
Also, if you're a smoker. The patio in fantabuloso.
Basically, it's a 5 star establishment and get your ass in here.My friends and I tried to go to Happy's last night and the corn dog door man tried to charge us extra because we are Alabama fans. Definitely won't be going back.Friendly bartender but lacking in knowledge of the beers on tap. Many beers which were kicked already. Tried to order two beers first but both were already gone. Would not recommend this bar there are too many other great spots in NOLA to waste time and money here.We try to sample an Irish pub when we travel.  Our first try in N.O. was at Happy's, but we were not (happy that is.) -substantial disappointment.  Head banging metal music does make much of an Irish pub feel.  Also, be prepared to get and up and get your own drinks at the bar.  And, no food besides popcorn was evident.  Skip this one...Try to imagine what it would be like if Hooters opened and Irish-themed "pub" and you're pretty much dead on-the-nose with Happy's. The place even boasts the cringe-worthy tag line "Happy's girls make happy boys." Despite the wood bar and furnishings, there is something about this place that just feels dead and soulless and not at all like an Irish pub. Maybe it is the too-bright lighting or the high ceilings or the large open spaces that seem to suck away any feeling of coziness that is endemic to any Irish pub. The one positive aspect of Happy's is their liter-size beers, which do help create a European feel, but they are not enough to overcome its other failings.Location is definitely out of the grind. We stopped in here to come up for air of the french quarter, and wait for buddie #6 to shake is hangover.  Staff was nice, but was pulling teeth to get food delivered (no kitchen).. They have a deal with the place next door to get food sent over, but was a issue, so just had local pizza ran over.Went here yesterday with some friends to watch the kickoff of the NFL season between the Saints vs. Packers.  
Obviously the place was packed, but I still expected a little better service.  We were seated at the tables outside and our waitress really could not keep up with her tables at all.  I'll give them a pass this time, given that they had just opened and that this was the first game of the season. 
The crowd is what you'd expect 20's to 40's, rowdy, ex-frat types.
I expect that they'll get better and of course the servers are all cute which doesn't hurt.  So 3 stars for gamedays, probably 4 stars normally.I had some time to kill after a conference and before I had to head out to the airport, so I stopped in for a quick beer.  They had a special for buy 1, get 1 free.
It was quite, and I wasn't constantly pestered.The thing I like about Happy's is that they let you order food from Walk-On's next door and eat it inside (or on the patio) since they don't serve food. I also really enjoy the patio seating. Not such a fan of the half naked servers, but I understand that that's the kind of place it is, and it also means there's usually at least a little eye candy in the form of men that go there just to check out the servers. Easy location from work, and they generally have some sort of happy hour special going on so it's definitely worth a visit.I like Happy's. Sunday is $4 bloody mary and mimosa. The bloody was pretty good. It was super spicy. It had a good flavor. The bar is clean. The beer is cold. The prices are fair. You can sit there while waiting for a table at Walk-ons. They also give you fresh popped popcorn while you sit and drink. I LOVE FRESH POPCORN! It does get a little loud even for a bar. Lots of tv's. Cool little place.Servers friendly enough. Place has a stale beer smell. Okay draft selection and decent hard liquors. Nothing sucked, nothing was great.Really?  $10 cover  to go in a place to spend money on game day.  You've got to be stupid or desperate to use the bathroom.  Asked the guy at the door when they would stop charging the cover and he said after 8:00 pm.  No self respecting New Orleanean should bother setting foot in this place.I have the feeling this place is much more fun on a game day, but I ended up here on a random weekend night. 
This bar has a pretty good beer selection. As others have mentioned there are nearly 20 beers on tap.
The location is great, with a few exceptions. For events at the dome, this would be an excellent place to get a few beers before the event. On a regular weekend, the crowd is much smaller, and on the night I went, a tad bit odd. I don't know if it was drunk locals or drunk visitors, but everyone seemed pretty hammered and in some sort of daze.
I had a decent time when I was there, but I don't know that I would go out of my way to return. Maybe on game day, but there are too many other places uptown that I prefer.Rolled in here after a days worth of festivities already. Was a place on the way back to our hotel. 
I was looking for Dive bar (what's new?) and this is what came up. We stopped in and it didn't really seem divey. Looks like it attracts a frat crowd. Girls in scantily clad "School girl" uniforms wait on you. Seemed like the gal behind the bar knew a lot of the clientele, whenever she was getting attention we were being ignored a little bit. I guess DH should have turned on the charm more- we might have gotten better service. 
I digress.. overall this place was good, didn't eat here and the drinks were great for a last ruh rah Of the evening. Didn't get any food but from what I saw you could get food somewhere.Wonderful place to enjoy a pint. 2 for 1 "Liquid Lunch" ain't bad either!! HP has mad Guinness pouring skills for a beer on tap done RIGHT.Yoooooooo!! The drinks are like way cheaper here. Guess I been about that life too long!!! 
Awesome spot to check out cool DJ on Saturday night! It's a mini pub, so you would have to get there early or prepare to stand at the bar. 
Might just go dancin alone this Saturday ;) LOL!!!Great bar! Great beer. Can't go in without diving into a stein. Thank you Brooke for the excellent bartending.This place was alright. There wasn't much going on inside, but they have a pretty good selection of beers on tap, and the bartender was happy to guide us in the right direction when we asked her for help in choosing something local. Reasonably priced too.Went here to watch the Notre Dame vs. USC game since it is supposed to be an Irish Bar. To my dismay instead of the game they had loud rap music on in an "Irish Bar" to cheaply try to appeal to the Bayou Classic crowd. They should remove the word Irish from the name. Just like I removed myself from their business.Good bar when it is not Thursday night.  They have a terrible band on Thursdays. I live across the street, and I honestly thought they were starting a karaoke night, but, no, it's an actual professional band.  Then I thought that the problem would correct itself because the band is so awful, but again, I am wrong: This horrible music continues week after week.  Hopefully, the cold weather will stop them in the next few months, so I can resume drinking there on Thursdays.Awesome place, great location and friendly service. Definitely a must stop before or after a Saints/Pelicans game or Happy Hour!
Don't worry about waiting for St Patrick's Day since they celebrate St Practice Day every month on the 17th. 
If you are lucky, Brooke and Bailey will be working.This place is similar to Tilted Kilt.  School girl attire waitresses shouting "Welcome to Happys!"  Looks like a nice outdoor patio that would be useful in good weather.  Went here on a Saturday afternoon to watch a few games.  Didn't have anything to eat, but had a good time.  Good digression from the Bourbon Street Circus for a while.This is a nice little pub just a 10 min walk from Bourbon Street and close to the Saints stadium.  
They have several really good beers on tap and the beer isn't served in some 12 ounce cup, they are good big ass sized beers.  Lol. 
The bar itself is fairly small with not a ton of seating but it's a great place to hang out with friends, watch a game or just grab that last drink without wading through a pile of drunk A-holes.   Lol.  Yes.  This is New Orleans!   The servers are also super sweet! 
If your downtown New Orleans and want a place that isn't totally obnoxious with drunk idiots, this is your place to stop in and have a drink or two. 
Enjoy!Great downtown location, friendly bartenders, great place to watch sports, great selection of beers, wine and craft cocktails.... The place to be on the 17th for St. "Practice" Day!My finest leotard is stained in too many places thanks to this bar.  I'm way to out of shape to be running, but Mafalda has been dropping not so subtle hints about my ballooning waistline, so I decided to check out a running club that stops at a bar.  Imagine my amazement when not only am I NOT the shortest person there, but I'm not the only one with a raging addiction to attention, bath salts, and cheap booze!  Well, I tried the run, but after soiling myself (#1, #2, and #6), I turned around and headed back to the bar.  My hands were shaking so bad that I had to immediately smoke bath salts.  This helped, and the friendly lizard lady bartender handed me a sweating pint in a rainbow of phantasmagoric hooblefloobles!  Hyman the buffalo made a short but significant appearance, and before I knew it, the well-muscled run group organizer told me to leave.  Guess I should stick to Sadigans and the Saint.Stopped by here on our first day in New Orleans, which happened to be Christmas Eve. Bartender told us "we'd be closing at like 4, for, you know, the Christmas thing."
Ok no problem, I understand that you want off, thats cool, but there's no reason to not provide proper service to customers. She took our order, poured our drinks, walked off and we didn't see her again. Left a tip, the tip disappeared without a thank you or anything. Merry Christmas! There were a large selection of beers. This seems like during any other time, would be a pseudo strip club.I met a few old neighborhood friends here for some beer and coversation. Nothing special about the menu. The Waitress was extremely friendly and tried hard to accomadate us as quickly as she could, but it was a bit hard when the place was packed. I think that this Pub will do very well in this location!Good beer. Almost 20 beers on tap and they carry really good ones. The waitresses are skimpy dressed, so don't bring the wife. No food served, but you can buy from Walk-on's next door and bring over there. The bar is impressive, but the booths are uncomfortable. Sit at the bar or the front table for the best seats. If you get a chance to see the private party rooms upstairs, they are really well done.I frequent this place on Wednesday evenings, for the Happy's Running Club. Every week you meet and run approximately a 5k on a few different routes in the CBD. My husband, a non-runner, bellies up to the bar and waits for me to finish. We both get what we want, me: running (and beer!), him:beer! They have 2 for 1 after the run, can't beat that deal!
The bar itself can get super crowded, and due to it's close proximity to the sports arenas, before games/events this place is packed! There is a cozy indoor area with wooden booths and ample tv's. There is also an outdoor "courtyard." 
I personally do not really like the hooters/tilted kilt-esque attire the girls who work here are made to wear, but it isn't as revealing as some other places. This place would be busy with or without baring all that skin. That being said, the girls who work here are nice and will grab yer beers quickly. 
Parking nearby can be tricky. You pretty much have to pay. Luckily there is a lot around the back that charges $5 for 3 hours which isn't too shabby!A decent after work watering hole with a good selection of beer on tap. The girls behind the bar are very nice and attentive as is the new manager, Mandy, who seems totally on the ball. The Catholic schoolgirl thing is pretty cheesy and not really up my alley, but I was in the minority on that issue based on the drooling by most of the patrons.Great place! Bailey the bartender was amazing, very friendly! We plan on going back tonite! Awesome bar specials!!!My friend made me come here so he could antagonize the scantily clad women. They have beer. Those are the two reasons for Happy's.Just checked my credit card statement, and a server by the name of "Baby Simba" helped him or herself to a little extra tip. I'd steer clear, or pay cash.Truly a happy place, but I suppose any place that serves beer contributes to an elevated mood. Fun and flirty bartenders remember your name and your drink. The pub's Wednesday night running club, patterned after the same at their Baton Rouge location, is genius and a great deal of fun.I'm just coming here for the fruity shots that I'm likely to regret in the morning.
All shots have been a hit it miss based on bartender but get them anyways cause they're shots and you just shoot em (duh)!
Lemon Drop, Buttery Nipple, Skittle, or Liquid Cocaine are usually my choices.This is a great pre game drinking place. The bartenders are really down to earth! Well most of them but they all are pretty foxy. Plus it's two for one until 8 pm which is a great deal. Try to come on the 17th of each month because it's st practice day which mean they get you wasted for pennies on the dollar!I generally only come to Happy's for happy hours before Pelicans games to load up on quality Big ass beers for a cheap ass price because the beer is expensive inside of SKC. Sorry not sorry. Thanks Happy's.Went here for a bachelor party had a great time!! Thanks Nicole and Nina you mane the trip extra fun, but I think I need you to grab another shirt for me.:-)This is my favorite watering hole.  Great atmosphere, awesome selection of beer and amazing staff.  Prices are extremely good, especially during happy hour.  I highly recommend checking this place out.  I promise you won't be disappointed (especially if the weather is nice...nothing better than sitting out on the patio with a large cold beer to help melt stress away)Some friends and I stopped by this place a few days ago before the Saints/Falcons game.  It's located within walking distance of the dome, so it's a big game day bar.  The place has a bar area, if you want to actually sit at the bar.  They also have tables and booths, if you want to sit there and order from the waitresses that walk around.
Although, the place was PACKED when we went in, the drink order came really fast when we ordered and the waitress was really attentive and checked on us often.  This is a definite "must go to" place if you are heading to the game, or just looking for a fun place to hang out with fellow Saints fans.Tons of TVs, good selection of beers but the best part is the manager who made sure we had the perfect expierence. He ran around for 15 minutes trying to get the UK game on for us. Most would have given up but it is service like this that encourage people to come back and become regulars. If I lived closer I would be backReally nice bartenders, beautiful girls in Catholic school girl uniforms done like Opps I did it again, Brittany Spears.  The beer was flat and there were several choices but they were all very similar to each other so not really a choice.Have been here a few times to watch an NFL game and they've been awesome - today not so much...
Bloody Mary's are the star of the show. They've changed the games 6 times in the 1st quarter  - now there's only 1 game on all the TVs and it's not a home game. It seems that the tables haven't been cleaned in a few days. 
The music is cranked with some horse shit playing. Off to a better joint" Hey want to bike over to Happy's tonight.  This running club puts on a 5k every Wednesday night there and this week they have parkour runners so we may seem someone get hurt" ....this conversation was how I ended up at Happy's.
Happy's is located smack dab in the middle of the CBD.  A place I rarely hang out in unless I somehow ended up with Saints tickets.  Happy's is also 1 of 3 locations, the other 2 being in Baton Rouge I believe.  It's called an Irish Pub but that's a false name.  The only thing really Irish is the color green on the hot little servers plaid skirts.  Not that there is anything wrong with that.....at all.  
There are 20 beers or so on tap and they are relatively cheap.  5.00 for a really big frozen mug.  They also had 2 for 1 beers for all the runners after the 5k.  The 5k is free so just show up in running gear even if you don't run and get a great deal like I did.  (yeah yeah yeah, i'm a cheap skate). 
With all that being said, I can't give it but 3 stars based on location.  You have to pay to park unless you bike like I did.   They almost got me up to 4 stars due to the plaid skirts, 2 for 1 beers  and the Third Shift promotional girls giving us a free beer and t-shirt.  I was all set to give them 4 stars as I rode the 8.5 miles home in the now dark night when I hit a drainage ditch, flipped my bike and messed up my wrist.  Now I have to buy a brace and Aleve so the freebies were all for not.  
Back to 3 stars ya go since I had to type this entire review lefthanded.I don't think I have ever been as disappointed with a bar as I have with Happy's Irish Pub. On my second night in NOLA, Saturday June 17th, my friend and I decided to go to Happy's because of a deal that we had noticed. They had advertised online that they were doing "St. Practice Day" drinking specials on the 17th of each Month. $1 PBR, $1 Guinness Pints, $1 Jameson Shots, $2 Irish Carbombs, etc...
To my friend and I, "St. Practice Day" at Happy's seemed like an awesome place to drink. However when we arrived we were only met with disappointment. For us, Happy's was a bit of a walk from our hotel, give or take 6 blocks off Bourbon street area. We walked into a dead bar with an off-putting smell and sticky floors. My friend and I, shrugged it off and decided to stay for the drinks. Unfortunately, according to the bartender they did not do that deal anymore (her actual words when asked about it was "No") She did not offer an explanation, nor did she even attempt to make us feel welcome afterwards. 
I understand that bars have to get people in, especially when your bar is off the beaten path. Happy's Irish Pub has all the potential to be a great space, but if their common business practice is to offer deals only to fallback on them, I doubt this bar will exist by the next time I return to NOLA. 
Honestly, making the effort to go here was by far the worst part of my trip. You know what's funny though? The specials are still listed on their website, we looked it up right after the bartender told us "no". Stay away from this bar, it's not worth your time or your effort.So here are some facts. Happy's has been more on the empty side every time I come here, they probably have a food menu but you probably can't find, and the drinks are awesome! The unfortunate problem is that their neighbors have full service with food, live music, and waitresses in cheerleader uniform. None of what I said makes this place a bad bar. In fact, I hope that management will step up their game and attract more people... Not only when every other surrounding bar is packed. It's in a great location and the price is right. Enjoy!We ended up here by accident.  My wife was suppose to go to The Roux House above Happy's to collect her special medal she had earned for running across all three local bridges spanning the Mississippi River.  We thought you could get there from inside Happy's.  When we arrived, We didn't realize that Happy's sponsors a free 5K run every Wednesday, so with all those runners gathered in front of Happy's we thought we were in the right place.  Wrong.  We spent long enough inside the bar for me to drink a Guinness.  Other than the decorations and color scheme, that was as Irish as the place got.  We did discover that the entrance was actually on the side street by Walk-On's.We stopped in for a couple of drinks on a Thursday night.  Ordered a couple of shooters and Chocolate martinis (which were awesome).  The bartenders were really good, and the customer service was great.  If this place wasn't so far from my hotel, I would have probably went back.  This is one of those bars that you stop by before the actual place that you end up at for the night.
4 Stars!