My favorite place to eat in New Orleans by a long way, and the house cocktail alone is worth the price of admission.I was really excited about going here. My parents love it so I really wanted to love it as well. The food was good but the service was so bad that it really took away from the food.  I feel bad writing this knowing that everyone in the kitchen worked very hard to excellent but our serve seemed to be under a cold and was not the least bit helpful.
For some reason we were very lucky that another server took over with out us complaining and saved the night. Otherwise I would've done 1 star.  For the price you are charged the service should be accordingly.  I lived many years in NOLA and I know what to expect from each place. With so many incredible restaurants to choose from I highly doubt I'll be back here in a long time.  Hopefully the next time will make me take this review down.This review is related to the service rather than the food. Unfortunatley I had to write my first negative review on Yelp due to the most bizzare experience I had at this restaurant on New Year's Eve.
My boyfriend and I stopped in around 5pm to make a last minute reservation here  and to our surprise they had availability at 9:30pm..perfect. We told the hostess how excited we were to eat here, as a friend of ours was ravving about the unique menu. 
When we arrived at 9:20pm, the hostess said she would get us checked in and let us know when our table was available. Around 9:45pm, I asked when we would be seated and the hostess looked very surprised we were still waiting, which made me think she forgot to check us in..fine. Around 10pm, our table was ready.
Upon receiving the menu, we quickly realized that the menu was a set, fixed price menu for the evening. Granted it was a holiday so this makes sense, however we were not informed of this when we made the reservation nor did the hostess say anything about the reduced menu after I mentioned to her that our friend was ravving about how great it was. To make it worse, the set price was $90 (salad, entrée, dessert), which we felt was a little steep given that we were looking to share several small plates and we were not extremely hungry (and didn't want to fill up too much before going out later that night). We are huge foodies and enjoy lavioush restaurants often, so the price wasn't the turn off. It was the unwillingness of the staff to accommodate us that was very disappointing....
I asked the waiter if we could order one fixed price meal for the two of us the share. He wasn't sure so he left to ask the manager, but he came back with a "no". I asked him if I could speak to the manager myself, who came right over to the table. I explained to him that we wanted to stay and enjoy dinner there, however we only wanted to buy one fixed price meal because 1) we were not informed that it was a fixed price menu in the first place 2) we were seated 30 minutes past our reservation time and if we knew there was a fixed price, we could have been eating somewhere else already 3) neither of us were that hungry and the food (and our money) would go to waste.
The manager replied that he "did not have the authority" to allow us to do that and it was obvious he didn't care what kind of story I told him, so we decided to get up and leave. This situation was so bizzare to me for a number of reasons: 1) how does a manager not have that kind of authority? 2) it was unlikely anyone else would be coming in for dinner at that time. Wouldn't they rather us purchase one set price dinner rather than lose business on that table all together? 3) It was very poor customer service in a situation that could have been an easy fix. It's sad that I felt so poorly treated and felt I needed to write a negative review. Not to mention the fact that I will never recommend this restaurant to family or friends. New Orleans has so many amazing restaurants to offer..take your money to a less pretensious place.it's been two years since i enjoyed myself at Herbsaint. on a gluttonous day in Nola i stopped in for lunch with the intention of gorging myself on delicious eats. i got the ever so famous spaghetti with guanciale and fried poached egg (yum!), the grilled tuna sandwich (also yum!) and the chocolate pudding cake with salted caramel, cashew ice cream and cocoa nib caramel corn. i swear that dessert was probably one of the best things iv'e ever eaten in my life! it was SO good i almost would've ordered a second one if i didn't feel like i was going to just throw it up from execessivness. i sorta wish Herbsaint were in SF so i could get fat eating that dessert on a weekly basis.The food was very good and the staff was attentive. However, it did take some time to get the food and to receive the bill. Overall, I would definitely come here again. The coconut pie for dessert was excellent.Excellent spot, top notch food without a stuffy atmosphere. The perfect synthesis of French, American, and a dash of Mexican. Case in point: tuna with mint and chillies poached in butter. 
All the pasta dishes are very fresh. Diverse wine list, but the Steel Hibiscus cocktail is not to be missed. 
I've been going here off and on for twelve years and never had a bad meal. Highly recommended. Great informed, attentive and friendly service. Think Per Se in New York at 40% of the price.Had dinner here last Friday while visiting New Orleans for the first time. The food was fantastic, but I was even more blown away by the service. The servers work in tandem and are constantly checking in, whether it be to check on the just-served course, refill a glass, or bus plates. The attention to detail is impressive. I also met Reno, the GM of the restaurant, and he's particularly impressive with how he is constantly moving, keeping an eye out and working the room. 
As for the food, we ordered the gumbo to start, then a number of the small plates (the gnudi and tuna were particularly good), and finished off with the lamb neck. All in all, I was extremely satisfied.
I would highly recommend Herbsaint, one of the best meals I've had in a long time--and that's saying something, given the number of great restaurants in New Orleans.Herbstaint is not the same. We have eaten at this restaurant several times and regret our last experience was disappointing. It seems that the popularity of the restaurant is effecting the quality of service and food. We have visited on week nights and busy weekend nights in the past. On this occasion it was a Saturday night and busy. Any one of our issues was minor but when you add them up we walked away disappointed to not have the same experience as in the past.A lovely dinner at a lovely place in NOLA.  I had heard about Herbsaint on an earlier trip to NOLA but I was unable to get here so imagine my delight on this go around when they had an open reservation for my group.
We arrived to what we thought was going to be a disaster.  There was a large convention in town and most of the tables were huge groups of 10 and 13.  The hostess just pointed us to the bar area to wait, telling us our "table wasn't ready".  Okay.  Let's see how this goes.
The  bartender was great and made us an "elder mule" which was a light and refreshing take on a Moscow mule.  Since we had a party to go to that night, we gave ourselves a 15 minute time period for our table to be ready or we were going to have to eat at the bar.
Well the restaurant gods were smiling on us as those big groups left and we got a table right in the center of the action within our time limit.
Our server, Lauren, was great.  Smiling, personable and with a great laugh that she could still muster after dealing with all those large groups!  Hats off to you, Lauren as you made our night.
The menu has starters, small plates and main courses.  We started with the watermelon, crab gazpacho.  Light with large pieces of crab, this was a great way to start my evening.  Other starters included a fig salad (also quite good) and a baked cheese.
For our entrees- I had the roasted shrimp and corn (wanted the highly touted risotto but it was not to be) but this was a wonderful choice.  So flavorful with a touch of spice.  And the other entrée was the pork belly- equally as tasty.
The wine list is nice as it has several great selections by the glass.
Definitely one of our best dinners while enjoying this wonderful city!This is my second time at Herbsaint.  My first experience was so memorable , it was my first priority to make  my reservation as soon as I knew I was coming back to NOLA.   The food is exquisite matched perfectly with friendly, knowledgeable and amazing staff.    The duck leg confit  is to die for.  Highly recommend!   
From the beautifully crafted cocktails to the cuisine, Herbsaint is NOT TO BE MISSED. 
I will be back!Hands down the best food I had here so far and that says a lot. The shrimp gumbo was so light and the meat just fell apart in your mouth. The salad was also devoured, I had to hold myself back from licking the plate. I was told by other travelers to check out one of Donald Link's restaurants and this was in a great location near the French Quarters. Oh and the service top notch. I highly recommend this place!The food was very good, but a little too rich.  And I don't know if I have ever said that about food before.  I like rich food.  I dip foodstuffs in butter.  I dip fried foodstuffs in butter! But the shrimp on rice thingy I had was pretty rich even by my standards. The cocktails were good.  I was there with a large group (30ish) so obviously it's not going to be perfect, but it also took 4 hours to finish the full meal.Maybe the best restaurant for the money in New Orleans. The small plates can rock harder than the large but it's all very very good. And the drinks are actually cocktails which is a rare thing for NOLA.Crispy goat?! Fresh yogurt tossed salad to go with?  Well yeah! I'm that girl who starts out eating like a lady and 15 minutes in becomes the girl who eats EVERYTHING!  My first visit to Herbsaint and I have zero complaints. Loved the ceviche, brabant potatoes are a traditional NOLA side dish and the ones here are on a completely different level than others around town. The spaghetti was tender, flavorful and I didn't want to share! I will be back...
FYI : if you are a wino, like me and my fellow diners, have a conversation with Joe...he is personable, knowledgeable, and not the least bit stuffy. A real treasure! Whatever you want to eat he will find the perfect wine to complement your meal.The food was exceptional and perfectly portioned. We didn't drink, but we ordered four courses. Our server was knowledgeable, but distracted and aloof. Her team mate, who was floating around nearby tables, was brusque and short tempered. Whatever was going on between them was palpable. It made the dining experience uncomfortable.My meal here was fantastic and I would definitely go here again. My steak was cooked to absolute perfection. The ambiance was lovely. no complaints here.OMG this place hit it out of the park!  Was there for a family celebration and everything was superb!  Food, service and atmosphere were perfect.
We all ordered a ton of food and shared everything.  Short rib was tasty, the white bean soup was great.  They have a banana tart or something like that that you must try.
Next time in NoLa I'm going back for sure! Thanks for a great evening!Seriously the bet dessert ever- I walked her specially just to eat this dessert!
Pistachio Pavlova with vanilla mascarpone and amarena cherries.I loved the menu variety the goat dish was unreal and served to me as my mate had the homemade spaghetti topped with a poached then deep fried egg. UNBELIEVABLEThe banana brown butter is the highlight of this restaurant and the main reason to dine at this place. The risotto was good and so was the gumbo, but the dessert was by far the most memorable part of dining at this restaurant. We had gone with a big group of coworkers, and many people also praised the rabbit dish (I didn't have that).  Overall, it's a very good restaurant, though the surrounding area is not exactly the safest or best-looking.Another amazing meal at Herbsaint. First time for lunch! Sitting outside on a beautiful day was a plus, service was prompt and servers always courteous!  I had the Crispy Goat with lentils and curry rice! What fabulous flavors in my mouth! My hubby had the small plate Spaghetti dish that was yummy and a perfect size to accompany the fried oysters (really big and juicy) with a hot wing dipping sauce and slaw! 
The 3 dinners I have had there have all been amazing! My favorite is the cold watermelon soup with lump crab! 
I love that this restaurant which tends to be visited by locals and not tourists! Relaxed and quiet outside, with the occasional trolley rolling by. Inside has a great vibe, young, businessmen and women.  Service is great! Desserts look amazing but we are always to full to partake!Do you like public hair with your spaghetti, if so, this place is for you. I'm not joking...service was good thoughI had my wedding "reception" here when I decided to get married in NOLA. I had wanted to find a place to have a small dinner with our closest family and friends who traveled from Baltimore to see us get married. I had looked around and Herbsaint was my choice. They were just the right price and gave us many options for a 4-course meal for all who attended.
The food was EXCELLENT. I came in thinking we would all be given small plate portions but left with a stomach that was overfilling with delicious food. Everyone loved the menu we chose and everyone had nothing but compliments about our service. They even allowed us to have a cake delivered which was very awesome of them. Our servers were very attentive during our time and made nice conversation with us.
The only negative I can say is that when it neared the end of our "party reservation", they kind of turned off the charm and basically gave us the strong hint that they were done serving us. I do understand that another party was coming after us however, but I just thought we got kind of brushed off at that point.
Either way, I loved this place and they made our reception an enjoyable experience!Had a lovely meal here.  Excellent food & service.  Especially enjoyed the pork belly & duck confit dishes!We liked you.  Gumbo was good.  Fried oyster and short rib appetizers were very good.  Tuna sandwich also good.  Dining partner liked the duck confit.  All-in-all, you were very good, glad we experienced you, but maybe once was enough.  Was not stellar, but solid.On our recent trip to New Orleans, a store clerk in the Quarter gave my partner and I a few restaurant recommendations, one of them being Herbsaint. After riding the St. Charles trolley, we hopped off for lunch.
The interior is warm and inviting and we were immediately seated. The service is absolutely wonderful. Our server welcomed us and provided the daily specials.
My partner ordered the crispy goat with beluga lentils and I had the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich. We also ordered fries and onion rings for the table. Warm bread was brought to the table while we waited.
My partner raved about his goat. The lentils were cooked perfectly. My fried chicken was warm and moist and absolutely delicious. The fries and onion rings were amazing. I'm not sure what sort of oil they use to fry their food, but it shows no grease and the fried food is very light. We both cleaned our plates!
I highly recommend stopping by this restaurant and walking around the Warehouse District before or after. There are some great galleries nearby and wonderful architecture. We will definitely return on our next trip to New Orleans.I recently dined here with a LARGE group of college friends for a meal that ended being pretty good for a table of 22! We did the three course fixed price menu and I selected the onion tart with kalamata olives, the duck leg confit and the chocolate pie dessert. The tart was very tasty but it was a bit 'greasy'. I absolutely loved the duck leg confit! It was almost perfect! I didn't think the dessert was the equal of the previous two dishes; it was rather uninspiring. Our waiter was knowledgeable and on point for most of the evening. We did get a magnum of pinot that had passed it prime but we got a bottle of 1999 Chateau Musar (Bekaa Valley, Lebanon) that was surprising complex and tasty. Our large group was seated in the rather plain back dining room and as our volume grew, nearby diners requested to be seated elsewhere which I found kinda funny. 
I've had better dining experiences here, so I'll have to re-Yelp after a more intimate dinner.Love this restaurant, great food, many bottles of great wine!Duck lasagna was amazing and paired with the veggie of the day, roasted broccoli. We had the oysters for an appetizer. The cold slaw and hot sauce on the side was a perfect touch. I also enjoyed a flight of red wines. Great date night. Portions are large enough to share for two.I am really sad about my visit to this place.  A group of 7 girls and myself made a trip from CA to NOLA for my birthday.  I researched restaurants to celebrate for months and finally was so excited when I chose this place.  I was only able to get a reservation at 9:30pm which was fine by me because I do not mind eating late!  When we showed up the table was not ready so we had to wait and did not end up getting seated until close to 9:45pm.  Then, we ordered some appetizers and were told shortly thereafter that the kitchen would be closing at 10pm.  At that point, we had not received any of our appetizers and were totally blindsided as no one had told us the kitchen would be closing.  We would've ordered everything had we known.  Basically 8 girls were forced to scrounge over some small plates and ended up leaving hungry.  My real question is why do they accept reservations so late and why do they not tell customers about the kitchen closing?  The only saving grace was that our server was amazing and the few bites of food I had were amazing too.Accostamenti azzardati ma ben riusciti, sicuramente molto particolari ma che personalmente ho trovato altrettanto gradevoli.
Certo, devono piacere i piatti speziati.
Materie prime buone.
Servizio pronto e cortese, locale tipico e carino.
Prezzi ragionevoli.
Lo consiglio assolutamente per sperimentare un buon ristorante di cucina locale, ma se non siete del posto dovete essere propensi ad assaggiare sapori nuovi.Great location.
Great tomato shrimp bisque--like eating thousands of tiny shrimp in each spoonful. Anyone who says otherwise is talking crazy talk.
Frog legs suck. Like chicken wings except not awesome.
Good wine.
Carpet.
Swanky McSwanks.
Lots of suits and khakis, a little boring stlye-wise.Get the Gumbo. It tastes like it was cooked in a pot which has never been cleaned, in a good way!I came here after my wedding and we had a rough start with some of the employees not being very nice to anyone in my party of 15. I Spoke to the manager (female w/short hair didn't catch her name) and she quickly took care of it even brought out a complimentary appetizer. Our server was super knowledgeable and patient w/such a larger group. Food was tasty and overall the experience was great! So glad we chose this place.Definitely my favorite restaurant in Nola! I was here for about 5 days and dined here twice even though there are plenty of other options. The food here is exceptional, we had the baked asiago, the gnocchi, the chicken entree, duck entree, and lasagna. Every single dish was memorable. Drinks were delicious, and the service was attentive & friendly. Loved it here!My wife and I ate here on our second visit to New Orleans. It was high on our list of restaurants to visit and it did not disappoint!  Not overly fancy, but nice with a bit of an industrial feel. It also has outside seating.  The food was 5 star. The spaghetti with a deep fried poached egg was one of the single most delicious dishes I have ever eaten. The food might be considered nouveau cuisine, but it is not over the top or pretentious.  Service was professional and friendly. The price, not cheap, was not bad for a big city high end restaurant. Definitely worth a visit even in a city full of excellent restaurants like NOLA!What a pleasant experience. My wife and I wandered in looking for lunch and were treated fantastically.
I ordered the Grilled gf Farms Chicken with Orzo, Idiazabal and Mushrooms and a short time later the manager approached me to apologize that there had been a problem with my chicken and that the chef refused to serve it. They had already started the dish over, but because it was chicken it was going to result in a bit of a wait. She then offered pretty much any drink, appetizer or side on the menu to occupy my wait. I refused as I was still enjoying the warm bread from the table. She brought me some French fries with a slightly spicy dipping sauce that I tried and ended up consuming entirely. A short time later the chicken was presented and it was delicious. I was also informed that my meal was free of charge by way of apologizing for my inconvenience. 
The entire staff was gracious and hospitable. The manager provided as wonderful an experience as I could have desired.   It speaks highly of a restaurant that values their customers enough that they quality control their food the way that they did for me today. 
I will be back and I encourage anyone reading this to 'wander in' as well.Food: 4/5. Service: 4/5. I wore jeans and thought I was under-dressed...until someone else showed up with their toddler.Another great restaurant discovery in New Orleans. This one is located in the Central Business District and caters to the more professional crowd (at least for lunch). After having lunch at Herbsaint Bar and Restaurant yesterday I watched an episode of Anthony Bourdain in New Orleans post-Katrina and learned that the passionate co-owner and chef, Donald Link, came right back to New Orleans within weeks to re-open his restaurant, followed by opening the ever-so-famous Cochon (another favorite of mine). That is dedication! 
The restaurant serves a mix of French and Italian flavors with a southern twist. We wanted something light for lunch so opted for the tuna sandwich and goat salad. At first I thought the goat salad was goat cheese but the server informed us that the goat salad was actually crispy goat meat served over a mix of greens. I'm a fan of goat meat ever since I've learned that it is much healthier than other forms of meat and the taste is delicious (have you ever tried a goat roti?). 
Our food arrived and was both perfect. The grilled tuna sandwich was served with a side of salad and crispy chips and was ever so tasty. Actual fresh tuna pieces mixed with a melange of flavors and avocado- delicious! The goat salad was also great although I didn't like the crispy texture of the goat meat but the salad was delicious and fresh- the mint flavor overtaking all others. It was perfect for a perfectly sunny hot day. 
We loved this restaurant and will definitely be back for more.Very impressed with this restaurant.  We had very very good food and wonderful welcoming service the entire meal from entry to exit.  I had the rabbit fricassee with homemade pasta that was really delicious. For desert we shared a coconut tart with chocolate ice cream which was also fantastic.  Will be going back whenever I am in New Orleans.We walked in at about 8:00 without a reservation and they seated the 4 of us in less time than it took to have one drink. 
Very good attentive service. Nice menu selection. Prices are in line with other establishments like this. 
I do recommend the specials. Interesting and very well prepared. Worth a visit.6 of us went after cocktails. Easy to find in the Central Business District on St. Charles.  You can hear/feel the trolley as it passes.  The wine list was accessible, a variety of wines by the glass and reasonably priced bottles.  Appetizers: The gumbo was declared excellent.  I had the Fried Oysters on a tossed salad.  Very tasty and the oysters were superb.  The bread was also excellent at least one of us could have stopped there and been satisfied.  The special that night was Triple tailed fish on various greens.  The fish was  cooked right, not dry.  Someone else loved the shrimp ceviche.  I had the house made spaghetti with gaunciale and a breaded and fried poached egg.  Runny yolk all over the creamy sauce, yum.  A nice take on spaghetti al carbonara.  A variety of desserts capped a lovely meal.  Where the food and service was easily 4 stars, the noise level in the restaurant was too loud and made it impossible to chat with anyone other than your immediate neighbor.First time in New Orleans, and this was the best restaurant we went to! Cool atmosphere, great drinks, great service, and GREAT food! The lambs neck was AMAZING. I had never tried it before, and honestly? I think it's my new favorite! I would totally recommend this to anyone!It's a Donald Link restaurant... nothing more needs to be said!So disappointed.  I mean really disappointed.  Do yourself a favor.  Do NOT go there.  It's a 1 star since Yelp didn't allow me to post zero stars.
I am traveling on business and I heard such great things about this restaurant.  None of them were true.
First, I arrived early for my 9:30 PM reservation.  I wasn't seated at my table for '1' for another half hour.
I was pretty much ignored by the wait staff.  It took forever for them to bring me a menu.  It was even longer before they finally took my order and an eternity for the food to arrive.
When they finally decided to ask me if I wanted desert, it was like they forgot to bring a desert menu.  After they did, they NEVER came back to the table to take my desert order.
I finally just got up, found a staff person and asked for my bill.
Oh, the food you ask?  Average at best.  Not impressed.  A complete waste of my time and money.  There are many other restaurants that are much better.  Even McDonalds would have been a better experience.Delicious soup; good fish dinner.  My friends loved the frog legs, but I just can't eat them.  We had kids with us and the wait staff was good with them too.  And, of course, they were well behaved.
Lovely specialty cocktails.I ate at August last night and has a great experience while sitting at the bar.  Service was perfect and food was better.  Tonight I am at Herbsaint the bartender is impatient and rude.  I had the gnocchi small
Plate and want me to order the rest of the meal I told he I would like to wait.  That didn't seem to make him happy then took my menu and I asked can I have it back and he said later he was concerned I would get it dirty??? Don't these menus change regularly.  They are is missing the service part of this. I would say just not enough smiles here.  Food is good and service is average.
A lot of place to go in NOLA and not sure I would come back.  Got my entree and it's very good bar tender then offers me bread. Weak....Good food and wait staff.  Bill for two with tip was about $120.  We had glass of wine, split a salad, each had an entree and dessert.  Everything was very good.  They could improve on the decor a little, but you are there to eat and it was very good for that.  For couples the tables are along a bench along one side of the table and a chair opposite.  Sort of tight quarters if you want some privacy.We had our 39th anniversary lunch there, and it was amazing!   We started with a Reisling, and really enjoyed a seasonal appetizer of homemade Italian sausage with cloves, over a bed of lentils.  Our lunches were incredible - a tuna sandwich that came with homemade fries, and poached chicken tossed with fresh greens.  We finished up with a delicious chocolate dessert, served with cashew ice cream and caramel popcorn.  Oh my goodness, it was all so good!More great dining at one of New Orlean's best restaurants.
Butter poached fish dishes
Gumbo
Summer of Resiling wine flights
Friendly attentive servers
Herbsaint nails it on all fronts. This place is a treasure.Got in somehow on a Saturday night without reservations.  A great stroke of luck as this was a great spot.  Service, as some have mentioned includes a zone version rather than a man on man concept.  I'm sort of glad as one of the servers was ok but the other one was great.  All in all good service. 
The food was very good indeed.  I have always hear about their gumbo and had to try some while there.  Gumbo is very personal in that everyone has an idea of what they like.  Their version was a shade dark for me but I certainly had no problem getting it down.  Nice little wine list and not too marked up with some nice values.  
The dish that just blew my mind was their spin on pasta carbonarra.  The best and most unique version I have ever seen and I would go there all the time to get it if I lived nearby.  Perfectly cooked homemade spaghetti noodles dressed with perfect cream sauce and a fried egg on the side.  I don't mean as in the lame ass fried egg fried egg fad we now see gratuitously thrown all over dishes now.  I'm talking about a poached egg that is deep fried with a panko and parmesian coating that oozes perfect when cut into.  I'm talking real hard to do and off the freaking chart good when it comes out perfect.  
Go here, it is a NOLA winner.Had a great lunch here today with my friend.  Had: crabmeat with gazpacho app,  fried catfish entree, and goat entree. Every bite was so delicious! This is the kind of place you feel the need to come back to so you can try everything. It was pricey (for my budget) at $57  for two with no drinks, but honestly it was very much worth it. 
Tip: plan on 1.5 hours for lunch. It was busy and that's how long it took. Great service too.Great service, amazing food, cozy atmosphere. Our table loved everything we ordered, which included the gumbo, chicken, fish of the day (butter poached snapper), duck leg, and pork belly.This was the best food we had in NO. The gnocchi was the best we've had ever, and we've had a lot of gnocchi, including in Italy. The bartenders were super friendly and knowledgeable, which was refreshing after a tour through the French Quarter. Banana brown butter tart was the bomb.2nd visit and just as good as first time.  Food and service top notch.  In a city with a thousand gumbos I think I have a new favorite.  The roux possibly the best ever...no hot sauce on the table and I know why - don't mess with perfection.  Lamb lasagna large and very nice.  Another in our party had duck leg confit...super good.  Lower priced wine also top notch.  We'll be back.ok. the majority of the reviews on here are like 5 stars but i dont feel that way but that's ok right? dont stone me.
Highly recommend the smoke drum salad and the gnocchi.  We also had the crab meat with beets, that was really light and a great combination.  Fries are good but $6 for fries? I dont care if it was fried in duck fat or not but Ill have to remember that next time I go eat at another bourgie restaurant. No fries no matter what kind of aioli.  
Boss was crazy about the dark and stormy, must been good bc he left with his second in a togo cup back to the office.
Parking is anywhere on the street or in a lot close by.  We talking about the Warehouse District so majority of the time it's on the street parking.  Cash and credit.  Service felt rushed.Hands down, one of my favorite restaurants of all time. It came highly recommended from a local family member. She said it was one of the best showcases of New Orleans cuisine the city had to offer. 
The cocktails are really good. I had a caipirinha and it tasted just like they do in Brazil! Very refreshing. We had to wait about 5-10 mins for our reservations, which were for 7:30pm. The atmosphere is nice (pretty romantic) and service was excellent. The team service concept worked really well for us because we liked both servers. They both made excellent suggestions for dinner and helped us figure out how to tackle the menu. (We wanted to order everything!). 
The food was outstanding. My dining companion had the gnocchi small plate and I had the special grilled mushrooms with whipped feta, arugula and onions. Both were fantastic and a great start to the meal. The mushrooms and onions were cooked perfectly as well as the gnocchi. My dish was light and refreshing, the perfect start to a meal. For the main course, we had the lamb neck and the special fish of the day with a light cream sauce and fried crawfish. Both were amazing. Cooked to perfection and the flavor combination was fantastic. I loved the crunch of the fried crawfish with the meatiness of the fish. The lamb neck (I only tried one bite) was wonderful. Excellent food all around, not a single complaint about anything. 
I was nervous about the table set up. We were in the middle table right by the window inside. When we sat down, I thought we were going to have to yell to each other, but the people next to us were pretty quiet. I think we got pretty lucky, though. If making reservations again, I would request that we be by the window again or not in the middle table. For our visit, the small space between tables was a non issue. May not be so lucky in the future, so just be prepared for that, but the food is worth it!
I can't say enough about how wonderful the food is here. If you're in New Orleans, Herbsaint is the place to eat!One of my favorites in New Orleans.  I ate in the bar area but was treated like a king, even dining alone.  Many times when I do this when traveling the wait staff can have a tendency to leave me be.  The waiter kept my glasses full and a fantastic pace with the dishes, not to fast to rush & too slow to feel forgotten.  Not to mention the food.  Gumbo was delicious and is prepared differently day to day.  Ceviche was incredible & the fish of the day was snapper and wonderfully prepared (certainly not overcooked as is common).  Also try Peche & Cochon my other two favorite destinations in NOLA.Herbsaint was another delicious restaurant we went to during our last trip to New Orleans. The appetizers were some of the best we had on our trip. The gnocchi, grilled shishito peppers, and the short rib were all great. The wait staff was extremely kind and considerate of the food allergies in our group (gluten). Will definitely be back next during our next trip.Not a bad walk from the FQ.  The food was really great, had a chicken and andouille gumbo and sides of dirty rice and braised peas.  The gumbo used a dark rue and threw off a smokey flavor.
The service was a bit mediocre.  We did not order appetizers and the food was rushed through the kitchen.  We barely received our drinks and the entire meal was on the table.  Good traditional NO food.....Strong 4 stars for Herbsaint. This was our upscale dinner while in New Orleans. I loved the entire meal. The only minus was that i didn't get to try the lamb belly app that they were out of. It was the special for the night. I had the spaghetti with guanciale and fried poached egg. Very tasty and the pasta cooked to perfection. Other apps ordered were the white bean and ham soup and the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo. I did not try them but both people though they were good. My girl had the pork belly which i thought was excellent. Her mother and mother's boyfriend both had the ribeye steak. They said it was tasty but that the steak and fries were way too salty. The highlight of the meal (in my opinion) was the delicious lamb neck. I'm so glad i ordered it. Crispy, fatty, and flavorful. I want even mention the fideos or the tomato confit. They could have served me just the lamb neck on a plate and i would have no qualms about it. My girl and i shared dessert. The warm pudding cake with cashew ice cream and caramel corn. It was her favorite thing of the night. I agree that it was delicious, but i am glad we shared, as it is very rich and sweet. See you there. ENJOY!!I was excited to eat here based on the reviews, the awards, and recommendation of friends. Sorry to say I was disappointed by the food. While the menu reads well, the actual presentation and preparation falls short. A grilled oyster and shrimp appetizer was served ice cold (by design) and was oily and oddly flavored. The gnocchi was very light and tasty. The duck confit was greasy and dry. Bacon seemed to be in everything. Desserts were also a disappointment being either bland or too sweet. 
Service was attentive. Perhaps it was an off night in the kitchen, but if the food had only been as good as it sounded on the menu, it would have earned more stars.I was at Cochon and was impressed so I thought I would try the sister restaurant this evening. It was really good. I sat outside on a nice evening, only the streetcar every once in a while disturbed the peace. Gumbo was fine and the ribeye was excellent, top cut you don't see that often.Somewhere, sometime, someone thought
Bananas are a cheerful lot,
But coconut, that dandy chap, 
Is holding poor banana back.
This clever sir or lady uttered
"Burn the sugar! Burn the butter!
Add it to bananas, then
Be bold, be brave, add salt, deer friend!"
This was long before Herbsaint.
You think they're that good? Well, they ain't.
Nor did they invent goat cheese
Bolognese or fricassee.
Don't credit them; they don't deserve it.
But do trust them to cook and serve it.Food was delicious.  Menu is seasonal.  Kitchen takes risks with interesting flavor combinations like grapefruit and feta or perfectly cooked amberjack with blood orange and olive.  Brown butter banana tart was executed perfectly.  
On the downside, we had to wait for our table even though we had a reservation.I've been there several times, and it's never the same , sometimes is good others really bad . I had good and bad service there so I have mixed emotions towards this place. Is not the best one is not the worst one . There's a few great dishes but otherwise a mediocre restaurant.Dined here February 7th and enjoyed the shrimp & grits but hubs was a bit disappointed in the Provençal fish. Cocktails were perfect. 
***overhead halogens flickered throughout dinner; would've been seizure time if we were epileptic, instead was just annoying.Go to Herbsaint for a solid but unspectacular meal. Full? Yes. Satisfied? Maybe not.The food was good, but hard to appreciate since the portions were tiny. And ridiculously expensive for the amount of food that was served. Just walked away from this experience incredibly pissed off at the fact that I spent $50 on essentially 2 appetizers.Literally worst service in Nola. Server had poor knowledge of wine and food menu. Waited forever to be greeted and then waited forever for drinks. Manager had to take food order because server was too incompetent. Will never come back.Amazing! If you are looking for a culinary experience, this is your place. I was looking for a "Michelin" rated restaurant, however a guide does not yet exist for NOLA. Found this recommended online and I agree, it may be a contender if they decide to print a guide. Enjoyed the night's special of spotted trout and Riesling flight. Finished with buttermilk coconut pie.  Also recommend the Kentucky Cat. Thanks!Another restaurant I knew I wanted to try before my trip to New Orleans. This time because I'd read Julia Reed's book, The House on First Street, and she'd mentioned it as a favorite. We took the streetcar, but I'd misjudged where on St. Charles Avenue the restaurant was so it ended up being maybe three stops from where we got on. Definitely could've walked. Anyway, we had a reservation which, by the way, is a great idea if you're visiting New Orleans. Otherwise you might end up waiting over an hour for a table. So, we were seated by the front windows, and, right away, I ordered a Pimm's Cup, immediately feeling silly because my dinner companion just ordered water. But, whatever, I wanted a local drink, and it was very refreshing. I especially liked the cucumber garnish. We ordered salads which were delicious, and then I had shrimp for the main course which, again, was delicious. All in all, a very nice evening... good food, nice ambience, attentive waitstaff. It had started to rain when we were leaving, and, just like that, a taxi showed up to take us back to our hotel. Perfect.Herb Saint is a quaint restaurant off the main drag.  Service was fantastic.  Wine menu satisfies.  Food menu was versatile, including beef, pork, chicken, and fish.  Not the best place for a vegetarian.  I had the baked shrimp dish which was full if flavor.  My only complaint was that the large shrimp were not de-veined (gross).  Others at my table had the steak and the pork belly.  Seemed as though the pork belly was the most well liked dish at the table.  Last, i had the rum cake wit hice cream for dessert, which was moist and yummy.Wonderful meal...the one dish I remember the most was the pasta with the fried egg on top...fried egg meaning covered in panko and quick fried...I don't even care for eggs, but wow!!! We ordered a second one when neither of us wanted to share!Everything was absolutely amazing! I'm originally from "Cajun country" Louisiana, and the Gumbo at Herbsaint NAILED authenticity. That is NOT an easy thing to do. I am supremely impressed. The ambience and service is impeccable. We arrived early to our reservation (near opening time) and they were happy to accommodate and make us feel welcome as the restaurant was getting prepared. Duck, salad, it doesn't matter what you order it's all fantastic and true to theme and origin. 
I'll be back for sure!We came here because it was on the James Beard nominee list. We were able to get a later reservation of 7pm for Saturday, but had to sit by the bar, which was fine with me. 
- Beet salad: This was my favorite dish. It was spicy and I loved all the pistachios.
- Gumbo of the day: Chicken/Andouille sausage. In general, I don't find the appeal with gumbo, it is salty with no depth. This was no different At least the chicken was not tough at all.
And then it got worse. After the two starters, we waited a long time for our food. I didn't time it. We also didn't see our waiter walk by. Then, all of our small plates arrived. We had ordered 3 of them as an entree for two. Our dishes were warm but not hot. 
- Gnocchi with Pancetta and Parmesan Broth. Whoever said this was the best ever... hasn't been around much. The gnocchi was overcooked and tasted like a pile of dough, not in a good way. The seasoning was fine.
- Beef Short Rib with Potato Rösti, Salsa Verde and Horseradish Cream. The rosti was drowning in horseradish cream and there was a pool of it on the rest of the plate. The beef short rib was cooked fine but the overflow of horseradish made it underwhelming. 
- Housemade Spaghetti with Guanciale and Fried-Poached Farm Egg. The pasta did not taste homemade and also tasted limp and overcooked. The fried-poached egg was a fun touch, but overall, not a tasty and an underwhelming dish.
For dessert, we got the apple pie profiteroles. The puff didn't take fresh, more like fridge-fresh. It would've tasted better if there was more sauce, because otherwise the flavors did not taste grounded.
Overall, the meal was a disappointment. We're glad we didn't bother ordering any of the entrees.So after all of the hype, this is the second Donald Link restaurant I've eaten at and left very unimpressed.
When we arrived, the restaurant was definitely very busy. We were a little early, but that was not an issue and we were seated promptly. I've read other reviews about tables being close together and that is definitely true. So close together, that if the person sitting against the wall has to get up, you have to physically move the table to the side so they can get out.
For our meal, we opted for a few of the signature dishes. We did receive an amuse-bouche of caramelized onion dip on quarter sized crostini. The added cayenne in it was a nice touch, but I've made this at home many many times for football games.
For our starer we shared the Spaghetti with Guanciale and Fried-Poached Farm Egg. The pasta was cooked perfectly, but the fried poached egg was overkill. A simply poached egg would have been much better.
For entrees, my wife had the fish of the day which was stripped bass. She said it was cooked perfectly, but she's had better. I opted for the duck leg confit. It was good, and super tender. But again, I've had better. The dirty rice and cauliflower that accompanied it were excellent. We also both ordered the fried Brussels sprouts, which saved the day. They were outstanding. Really nice flavors going on with the mint, vinegar and chilis.
But it was the service that really ruined the whole experience. We saw our server chew out the other server who was assisting us, right in front of customers. And we felt extremely rushed. The food was flying out of the kitchen, which is normally a very good thing. But we had a bottle of wine that we were trying to enjoy and finish after our meal, and basically every time one of us took a sip the server would come over and pour more wine into our glasses. We also asked if we could buy some extra bread so we could have it for breakfast and were told that it wasn't possible. It just felt like they were trying to turn over as many tables as possible. And with having a lot of tables crammed in there it felt like a quantity over quality type of setting.Delicious!! Best bartender with great menu recommendations and extremely attentive. Gumbo was smoky and perfect. Snapper special hit the spot! Restaurant was larger than expected and looks like a great place to host parties!Herbsaint was an interesting experience. The atmosphere is lively and the artwork/decor is focused. Our service was impersonal: we really had to beg for our server to open up and speak with us. I find this to be an important aspect of service, particularly for us as first time diners hoping to be wowed by the flagship Donald Link restaurant. Sadly, we found our experience to be rushed as well. I suppose they need to turn tables quickly when you're such an in-demand restaurant but that made things a little uncomfortable too. I will grant 4 stars though because we really did enjoy the food thoroughly. Each dish we ordered was executed nicely and the pasta with fried poached egg was to die for. In addition to that we had the Shrimp with rice, butter poached tuna, and chicken with risotto and crawfish. All of it was very good, and had the dining experience itself been a little more comforting I'd have been much happier but I'll go with a 4 star here since the food really was great.Great ambiance, good service, and good food. Portions are on the smaller side which is great...you won't leave feeling stuffed.
Ceviche was well flavored and very fresh.  
Gnocchi was perfectly cooked and well flavored. 
Recommend sharing a few dishes rather than sticking to one. 
Good location...easier if you have a reservation.