Great little place in Harahan.  Great sandwich and salad choices.  I had the Cuban and the wife had the fried chicken salad.  Both were damn good and the portion sizes were amazing.  The place is small so I bet it could get seriously crowded.  It was pretty empty when we were there but it was a Monday..Hickory Cafe is definitely in my top 5 favorite brunch locations. Their pancakes are the best I've ever had; so fluffy and with a sweet batter. If you like boudin then you must order the Cajun Eggs Benedict. Worst part about this restaurant is that they are closed on Sunday.This place was quiet and not at all busy. We had amazing service (thanks Tina!) and fantastic food. I could tell the lettuce and greens in my salad were freshly cut and my husband said it was the best Cuban sandwich he's ever had! Plus, if you check in on Yelp you can get a free drink with an entree. Definitely recommended!!Always great food and friendly service! I always call ahead to find out the daily special, which I have liked all of them...Y'all! Redemption! This place is usually always on point and I only had one upsetting experience with the grilled veggies but they have redeemed themselves!!Just came here for the first time. I ordered a small gumbo and a fried chicken club salad. Both were good. Salad portion was huge! I'll definitely be back or at least ordering take out soon!Blink and you'd miss it and you'd regret it lol super sweet lady greeted me upon arrival. Once I told her I was picking up she knew my name (maybe because she didn't have any other orders but still lol) it's a nice touch. I had the focaccia burger and the Cuban . Both were amazing! I will def be returning, matter of fact I'm gonna put a take out order in right nowAwesome Food, prices, and service.  The best Banana Foster's French Toast that I have ever had.Really enjoyed this little place. People were very friendly and the food was tasty. Freshly cooked and great ingredients.Nice little place - clean & nice staff.  You go to the counter and order food and they serve it at the table in real dishes quickly.  I had a cuban sandwich and the toasted flatbread was a little tough, but more than I could eat.  The french fries are large and excellent.  My coworker ordered a Cobb salad and it was huge with all kinds of meat.  Convenient, right across the street from work, so I may go again for lunch.Ordered take out. Biscuit, eggs, bacon, grits and French toast. Asked in 3 different places for the bacon to be extra crispy and it wasn't. No jelly for biscuit. Hardly any powdered sugar on the French toast. Food was okay. Grits were greatThis is a perfect breakfast place. It does everything right -- the prices, the pop-country playing, and the fantastic food. The mimosa should be larger, but it's only, like $3, so whatever.Went for lunch for my first time and I was impressed.  They have a chalkboard to read and a paper menu to look at while you order at the counter and they deliver the food to your table.  I ordered the Cobb salad with grilled chicken. I give it a 9 out of 10 stars! Would get 10 if the dressing was better. It was a nice size and well done. Lettuce was broken into perfect size (hate to use a knife in a salad) and the ingredients were all fresh and perfectly distributed on the plate. Ya think this is easy but I've had some pretty sorry looking salads in my life. This one made me smile and I thoroughly enjoyed it.   I saw a burger and fries go by and my eyes perked open. Can't wait to go back. Always a plus to have self serve drink station. I wish they were open for breakfast on Sundays.Never can go wrong with whatever you order. Both breakfast and lunch are great. Portions hearty. Prices right. Customer service always pleasant. Don't be fooled by size of exterior. Stop in!I've been going to Hickory for the past few years. They have great salads and homemade dressings. All of their daily specials have always been good. I've never had anything I didn't like.Breakfast sandwiches are the best I've ever had! Great grits too. The salads are huge and delicious. They do not skimp on ingredients and the greens are always fresh. 10/10!Small and friendly place. Greeted promptly. Ordered the uptown omelet, french toast, and pancakes. Everything was delicious.  French Toast had a great custard texture in the middle. Pancakes were firm but had a sweet flavor. The omelet tell had brie and spinach in it. Very good as well.  Would definitely return and gain if we were in the area.This is my favorite restaurant for lunch during the week and brunch on Saturdays. The food is always delicious and seasoned very well.  The salad dressings are homemade. The staff is friendly and you'll usually see the chef/owner saying hello to the guest at the tables.  I'm from New Orleans (currently living Downtown) and I tell visitors about our best kept secret restaurant all the time.  My favorites are the blackened redfish, gumbo, focaccia burger, Cobb salad, and the Eggs Benedict.  If you visit, say hello to the owner/chef Carlos.Had the cuban.. lacked taste, but was not bland. Had the fish sandwich, which was pretty good. The grilled veggie were DELICIOUS! The waitress, was more worried about carrying on with the other couple in the restaurant that refilling our drinks. The decor, pretty plain. Yes, I would go backSmall diner with friendly staff. I got my burger to go. Burger was big and good. Overall a pleasant experience.OVERVIEW: Total experience does not match the price on the final bill; $30 for an omelette, burger, 1 mimosa and 1 water at a "cafe" that looks like a diner. There are other, lower priced cafe/diner places in Harahan with better hours, service and food. That said, it's not horrible, and if you want to try a new breakfast/lunch place to shake things up, give this place a try. 
THE DETAILS: 
ATMOSPHERE is diner, and the (lack of decor) is nothing to write about. Formica tables and booths; clean enough; semi comfortable. Music selection was a local pop/oldies station. They do have a small parking lot in front of the building. 
SERVICE is subpar for the price because I would've hoped some of the price went to pay their staff well, but service seems to be a regular issue after reading other reviews. The waitress was alone on a Saturday at brunch (11 a.m.) and seemed very overwhelmed by the 4-5 two top tables, and was rude to start out, though she did apologize for being overwhelmed by the time my husband was signing the check. I've had better service. I've had worse service. Eh. 
DRINKS The beer selections were given, but come to find out they were out of over half of those, so my husband went with water. I ordered a mimosa, which for $6 is a small glass of orange juice (with ice ????) with a personal bottle of champagne to keep adding as you drink. 
FOOD is good, but seems like it could be hit or miss. Portions are a good size. Took FOREVER for food to come out - we were there a little over an hour, which just felt long. 
Breakfast was the blackened shrimp omlette with grits and biscuit for $8. Omelette had good portion of well cooked shrimp, but they were not blackened. The green bellpepper chunks were cut much too large; thankfully I like bellpepper. I did detect a small amount of eggs and cheese. Grits were pretty good, but biscuit, though flavorful, was dry. 
Lunch option was better; my husband ordered the focaccia burger $10.45 and the focaccia bread was the best thing on the table oddly enough. He chose the grilled vegetables (zucchini, red onions & yellow squash) as his side, which he enjoyed. For $10.45 I like that there is no up charge for the grilled veggies as a side item.I go to Hickory Cafe all the time and I am usually very happy and impressed with my order. Today I ordered something slightly different and got a chicken sandwich with a side of grilled vegetables. What they don't tell you is that their grilled vegetables is all ONIONS! I like a grilled onion just as much as the next person but an entire bowl of them?! I think not. I will not be ordering that again!Unfortunately my entire office will never order from this establishment again due to the horrible customer service by the lady in the front. Each time Myself or my office places an order and picks it up we are never greeted, rushed or given smart remarks. The food is too average for such horrible service.Will never come back. Entered there was no one there Exocet the person in the kitchen and they didn't even look up when I walked in. I stood by the counter and was ignored. Plus couldn't even look @ a menu while I was being ignored bc they don't have a breakfast menu out only lunch and it was 8am.I've been eating here for years. I both dine in (order ar the counter) and take out.  They have gone through ownership changes and the food quality has remained consistently good.  The californian sandwich and the grilled chicken garden salad are my two go-to menu items, but I have had many of the other items, including their delicious burger, and have not been disappointed. 
Pros: delicious food, good quality ingredients, veggies as side option, great french fries, delicious herbed mayo, good bread selections
Cons: the place is small inside, so no large groups.  It's only open lunch and breakfast (I've never been for breakfast).Stopped in for a quick sandwich as I was working nearby. 5 people dining when I showed up. Less after I ordered. Sandwich took 30 minutes- 30 MINUTES!!!  I am typically forgiving of the place is busy, but there was NO ONE but me waiting on food. Staff seemed indifferent to my wait. Owner chatting up with guests didn't even care until I got impatient and told them I needed it to go.
Food was marginal, service terrible. This place won't be around long.Great food!  The people that work there are real nice and helpful.  Their breakfast and lunch menu is a must, plus they have the dinner hours nowCuban sandwich was fantastic! Also had the chicken and andouille sausage gumbo, top notch!  I'm on the road 15-20 days a month for work and if I'm ever in the area again I will be sure to return.  Looking for a delicious, simple, and affordable lunch? This is the place.Nothing to write home about here.  Service was ok at best.   The food is decent.  3 people with a coffee each cost about $30.Great service and food so fresh n delicious.  Grits are over the top at this place!  Open for dinner now Thursday thru Saturday.  Has specials everyday too!  Also does catering.  Thanks Chef Carlos!best grits in Nola! breakfast is always great at this place. This surely is a hidden gem in Harahan. It has everything you want from the hot spot brunch places throughout the city without the wait.Great breakfast and lunch menu. 6:30am to 2:30pm. Open over 2 years. Drive through and 10 tables and booths. Tucked back on Hickory opposite Ochsner. Get the blue burger with blue cheese for lunch or a ham and cheese omelet for breakfast. Great for catering also.I usually love this restaurant, but I just placed a large lunch order for my office, and not only did they completely mess it up, they were extremely rude about fixing it. They completely left 3 orders off and completely ignored any special requests (no cheese because of an allergy, no mayo, etc). AND even after having to go back to get the rest of the order, they STILL forgot things. Can't begin to tell you how rude the lady was. Unfortunately, in the future we will not be ordering from them anymore.Yesssss! So Mommy and I are at Hickory Cafe & Grill..This lil place you guys is definitely a hidden gem....we were looking for something light but filling and I must say I found it in their Hickory Salad( mixed greens with cherry tomatoes, grilled shrimp, pecans, and rasberry vingarette dressing) I passed on the blue cheese crumbles. Mommy had the half house salad with shrimp (and who does fresh made croutons with real french bread...they do!!!!) chicken and andouille gumbo....ya'll the doggone GUMBO IS THE BOMB!!!! THE BEST I'VE EVER TASTED IN A RESTAURANT...and if you like sweets the White Chocolate Bread pudding with caramel sauce is Awwwwwwwesome!!! They have drive thru pickup service and uber eats pickup, how fantastic is that...if you're ever in Harahan La. looking for a small intimate (holds maybe about 50 people) place with great food, DO NOT PASS THIS PLACE UP!!! I REPEAT DO NOT PASS IT UP!!!Excellent breakfast and quick and friendly service. Everything is made to order and delicious with generous portions. Definitely recommended.Decided to try this place but left after several minutes as not one employee welcomed or even acknowledged my presence until I was walking out. Can't spend my money where I don't even get basic service.Hickory Cafe is just a great "go-to" spot in this area. The staff is always friendly & I really dig the drive-thru (so convenient!). Hickory Cafe is great for lunch, but the breakfast menu is my favorite! It's perfect during my workweek - reasonable prices, drive-thru (for when I'm running late), & better than the typical coffee + pastry (which can get so mundane). -- Keep it up, Hickory! :)Its ok.  Not bad.  The staff was friendly.  I needed a knife to cut the French toast, go figure.  The flavor was good.Check it out; the redfish is a real splash . A Diamond in the Rough. Well worth the Trip.The breakfast here is great!!! The meat lovers omelette is to die for . I always order through Uber eats and it's always warm . The French toast is also a great choice and the prices are very reasonable .Never disappoints
20 us including coffee.
Great service,great food.
Meat lovers and cheese,veggies.
Grits and potatoesWay above average..... I stumbled in here waiting for some work to be done on a car. Found it using Google Maps. I consider it my find of the yearOne of my favorite, go-to breakfast spots! Consistently delicious food, no matter the time of day or week.Wow, what an amazing breakfast I had from this place! I ordered the Hickory Omelette that came with a bowl of grits, the Triple Stack pancakes and orange juice. I must first say, I've never had a bowl of grits that was more unexpected, unrecognizable but yet flavorful where I didn't have to add the classic combination of salt, pepper and butter. I literally just ate the bowl of grits first almost forgetting about this mouth-watering, tantalizing Hickory Omelette. This morning was food porn for my soul! Not to mention, the oh-my-god Triple Stack of pancakes... they were so big, I really didn't think that some restaurant that I've never ordered before could make such a delicious and wonderfully cooked and prepared breakfast. Thank you, Hickory Cafe for a fantastic dining experience! In addition, I forgot to add, I had my food delivered while at Reinhart Foodservice in Harahan, LA. The whole process was a consumers first dream. The delivery personnel was cordial and on-time! (In my Ice Cube's voice) Today is (starting to be) a good day!I feel so bad writing a negative review because I really wanted to like this place, but this was NOT it.
The restaurant is small, which is fine, but it's definitely not clean. There is mold growing in the ceiling tiles & the air ducts look like they haven't been cleaned since the place probably opened. I can't imagine that's healthy for the employees or customers, and I definitely don't want that dirty air blowing on my food.
As for the menu, it  looks really fresh & appetizing but the food just does not meet the mark. I ordered the honey mustard turkey sandwich which was quite literally subway quality. I asked for no swiss & to change it to pepper jack & of course there was swiss.  My friend ordered the fried chicken club salad and they failed to put the egg and didn't serve it with dressing at first. The cashier/waitress was going a mile a minute trying to deal with the early 2000's cash register so no wonder these details were missed. This place could  be awesome with some help, but for now, it is absolutely not worth $15 for a sandwich, fries & soda.This is a wonderful out of the way place to get a good meal, whether it be breakfast, lunch. They close at 3pm.
A good variety of choices, they have a brunch menu for Saturdays. 
I had hickory breakfast the eggs had great flavor just a hint of butter. The gumbo had a nice earthy flavor, a good base for nesting the taste buds of many different people. I should have asked for hot sauce. I like a little spice in my gumbo. But this was a home style good gumbo. The potatoes were nice and crispy, I believe grits was another options and sausage also had great flavor. Try going across the bridge and give this place a try.  I got a roast beef Poboy to go with fries. I will update after I eat this later today. Thanks for a great food experience the staff was friendly and the food came out quick. #ThankYouThursdayI go to this place about once a week to get their  Chicken Cobb Salad. They have the BEST ranch and pepper jelly dressing I have ever had!! Amazing!!The place is cute and quaint. Not a ton of seating but we lucked out since it was pretty dead. Everyone at my table got the reuben and I got the California. It was made with grilled chicken, fresh lettuce, tomato,  cucumber,  and pesto mayo on focaccia bread. The chicken was cooked to perfection as was the bread. It was dense, soft, and fragrant. The portions on all sandwiches were totally worth the roughly $10 price tag. Everyone raved about the reuben and I thoroughly enjoyed the California. I will definitely visit this place againDad and I found this lovely place while we were waiting for his mechanic to open.  Brandy welcomed us warmly and got our drinks and Courtney took fabulous care of us during our meal.  Dad got a Hickory and I got a bowl of grits. I asked for season salt and Courtney brought me some Lawry's but warned me that I might love the grits without the additive and she was so right. Not only was the food delicious, but we were each offered a free cupcake to celebrate Hickory's 6 yr anniversary.
We will definitely come back here.  Excellent food and excellent service.First visit for breakfast. I ordered the "Hickory" which is the basic eggs, meat and carbs combo. Whenever I try a new place for breakfast, I go with the basic because if a place can't do that well, everything else on the menu will come up short. Food came quick and hot. Eggs perfectly scrambled. Bacon, biscuit, and grits were equally tasty. Another sign of a good place is when the chef proprietor comes out and talks with the customers to see how things are going. Service was efficient and friendly. Locals get a rewards card. Friendly place with good, reasonably priced food.Food was excellent 
The only problem was they put bacon on my food after I requested NO BACON 
But as food goes 5 starsWell well well..what a pleasant surprise. 
I've seen this place a LOT and never stopped but thanks to uber eats,I did.
We made take out but the place looks like a cafeteria,nice staff and I think there are a few regulars always giving them love
They do breakfast, brunch and lunch,so we ordered the blue burger and the Cubano sandwich. When is saw the cubano I wasnt expecting much but my oh my ...flavorful,filling, simple but yet great sandwich. I was so happy and I reccomend It 100x 100,good portion as well. The burger was great,full of flavor,really good  with blue cheese,caramelized onion,good burger pattie and bacon. Big burger. My husband loved it...so we came back and got the same burger,a regular burger for me and coleslaw ...good coleslaw as well.
The first time the fries were  meh,this second visit were good.
I'm loving this "discover my neighborhood " quest. Is a great small place. Good portions,great foodGreat sandwiches and service.  The place was hopping and the food was delicious. Chef and owner Carlos is very friendly and has created a good atmosphere for a quick lunch.I ate the Roast beef Po boy and Frys it is super authentic it has a great Au jus flavor soaked into the bread. I was very happy with this sandwich. I can't wait to go back and try another sandwich or some other items on the menu.My third time trying this llace but this time we dine in. We ordered breakfast for lunch (saturday!) And the cubano sandwich.
The "meat lovers" breakfast is great . Good portion,sausage,ham..the potatoes are SO good.
The cubano once again..so good! Specially with the coleslaw.
Sweetest waitress,great service,awesome price and GREAT  foodThis is my second visit to this establishment. It's small and quaint but the food is delicious. On my first visit, I would have given it a four star. However, today I received old reheated bacon and I must say I was very disappointed as the owner was in the kitchen. I ordered the French toast and it was great but I was disappointed in the bacon not being fresh. The host was polite and attentive. She alone made this visit a good one. I must say because I like my bacon crispy I forced myself to eat the reheated bacon because again I do not like to complain. I'm uncertain if it's worth one more try because character comes into play greatly. My ordered was boxed as a to-go order and I wanted it to stay. Hmmm, I'm guilty of not always checking but it was definitely a surprise to the kitchen staff when the hostess asked for a plate to plate my toast.I was at a class across the street from this place, for lunch I called in my order (grilled chicken salad with smoked pecan vinaigrette) and the lady told me 15 minutes. I immediately walked across the street and was nicely greeted unpon entry and my order was ready on the counter. I paid (12.00 for a salad), which h is ideal, walked back to my class and low and behold a BEAUTIFUL SALAD with delicious dressing, which I devoured and forgot to take a picture. This place is great for a quick bite and even has a drive through window.Our little piece of heaven. Your food makes us smile but the good service and how sweet y'all are is the cherry on top. See you soon! Stay safe!Their burgers are soo good!  I got their cob salad with chicken, just make sure you really Like blue cheese or get it on the side.   Support a local business!I have ate places in New Orleans. This was definitely the best food and Gumbo I have ate. The waitress was very informative and very sweet. Did I mention best damn gumbo we ever ate!! The burger was excellent as well!!!The service and food here is absolutely wonderful! Ms. Lisa at the counter was soo helpful and kind and well mannered!  And the food was fresh and quick and just AMAZING! Id recommend this place to anyone! :-)This place is on point most of the time and I love their salads! Only complaint is they are a little slow and kinda over priced. Other then that it's a sold lunch spot. Gonna have to try their breakfast one day.....The cafe is only open for lunch.  It's not very big, 5 booths and 5 tables.  By the time I left today, most were occupied.  From my experience, they do more take out business than eat in.  (They also cater according to their menu.)  Today there was at least a dozen large bags on the counter waiting for customers.  They even have a pick up window on the side of the building.  There was a steady trickle of people who came, picked up their orders, and left.
If you are going to eat in, you read the menu and place your order at the counter.  Soft drinks are self serve.  When your order is ready, they call your number.  I had their smoked turkey sandwich today.  It comes stacked with turkey and dressed with bacon and Swiss cheese on an herbal focaccia bread.  Personally I find there is way too much bread for me, but it is good tasting bread.  All the sandwiches come with your choice of fries, slaw, or grilled veggies.
The grilled chicken garden salad is massive, one of those where you can tell people, oh, I had a salad for lunch, and just be stuffed while you are saying it.  There is also a roasted veggie sandwich for those not interested in meat (which I've never tried).  On Fridays, they add seafood to the menu.
It's a nice place for lunch (if you don't mind the self service aspect) and the food is good.