I was not here when the previous owners were here.
Milk tea was good and  the boba was better than I expected. However some of the boba was stick together and thus was unaccessible via straw.  
They ask you if you want you drink blended or over ice. Blended is like a snowbubble/blizzard and over ice is classic.
I just got here from California and was pleasantly surprised to come across this place while exploring market street. After one visit I felt pretty satisfied. It may be just because I was so happy to find a boba place here. I will have to come back to try more drinks and add to this.I had shaved ice with strawberries, mangos, and vanilla ice cream. It was fantastic! I've never had anything like it! While the combination of evaporated milk, condensed milk, and bluebell ice cream sounds incredibly rich and overwhelming. It was surprisingly refreshing with the perfect amount of sweetness. And the owner was very friendly and helpful. I will definitely be back.New owner has taken over in the past few months or and the smoothies took a drop in quality. My boba tea was not the same. I got avocado with pearls and my drink was absolutely watery with no taste at all. Will not be backMy partner and I have been eyeing this place for awhile, and finally decided to try it today. Sad to say, its appealing aesthetic from the outside did not match its products inside. After waiting for roughly ten minutes in an atmosphere serving 3 whole customers and only one person actually making the drinks (we were not even acknowledged until 10 minutes into being present here and no one else in line...the 3 customers were sitting at tables), we ordered two honeydew bubble teas at a whopping $5.50 each (the honeydew blend here is a mix of fruit and powder based). Once we got them, I of course shook my drink first (as any bubble tea, or boba, aficionado would tell you, you should shake your drink first to have the tapioca "bubbles" evenly distributed). To my dismay, the drink broke through the seal and created a mess on my shorts and the floor. When my partner asked about resealing the drink and explained that in every other place we've gotten bubble tea the seal has never been a problem, the person helping us stated that the humidity was the reason for the poor seal and as far as the shaking the drink at all other bubble tea places we've been to? Her response: "apparently, not here." No apology, no apparent concern for their customers. And all of this would have been worth it if the drink consistency and taste was great - our drink was liquid cream and not a slush like consistency as it should be. We won't be back here.I tried their taro bubble tea and shaved ice they were both delicious. Price is very reasonable and they have free wi-fi. lady was very kind (good service) definitely coming back!Tried this over the weekend.  Great location especially on a nice day when you can sit outside.  I ordered the Mango bubble tea and thought it was pretty good.  The club wrap was decent.  Staff seemed friendly. Overall I would recommend as a place to stop and get a quick bubble tea or juice.Honestly the best bubble tea I have found in the city. My favorite is the watermelon. They are a bit stingy on boba so ask for extra.I've been to many boba houses all over the country and all over the world. This does not do true boba any justice. Authentic Taiwanese boba is the way to go. The drinks were okay. We ordered 6 , some weren't that great. The cleanliness wasn't the best. From a far it looks decent. However, as I was observing I noticed a lot of downsides. I didn't like it, compared to all of the other places that I've been to.I ordered the breakfast wrap and a green tea bubble tea with popping bubbles. The green tea was delicious, I don't think I would ever want to order anything else!!Suprisingly v good boba. The tapioca was the perfect consistency and the flavor was really good. I ordered a coffee milk tea (not on menu but the cashier happily obliged) and my boyfriend got the thai tea which was in his words, "exactly how he envisioned it". The ice cubes were also the perfect size as to not get sucked up into your straw as well as not to take up too much space in your drink. The only reason it isnt five stars is because the aesthetic isnt what we pictured/wanted from a boba place.Best smoothie in New Orleans. Amazing location. Owner Ms Sue was very nice to me. Hew smoothies and ice creams a the best. She mad them with love. Thanks a lot for everythingShaved ice with condensed milk, fresh fruit, and a scoop of ice cream is better than shaved ice from Juicebox in Houston!
Small for $5.50 is worth it and shareable between 2 people or even among 3!Very impressed with service and food. We stopped in during the St. Pattys parades and our wraps were delicious and the young service team had all the chaos in order.  Being pregnant, they were very accommodating and let me use the bathroom too! 
Can't wait to go back and try the tea and more wraps! Great job to the owner. Can you open one on Maple St too, so I can walk?The wraps and the bubble tea are great, and there are enough options for vegans that I'm happy to stop in pretty often.Best..i would think only shaved ice in NOLA! 
My favorite flavor is the MANGO(yum). Lychee(yum,yum). And Honeydew.
The milk tea blended is pretty refreshing and surprisingly light..but, any flavor over ice is even better!
Haven't tried the wraps yet, but they offer vegan.
Very friendly and fast service all the time!Out of all the boba I've tried, this one has to be in my top 3! I wasn't here when the previous owners were there, but this mango boba tea is amazing! She blended the bubble tea with real fruit, and the popping boba is the best thing since sliced bread! Keep in mind I don't have these pleasures in Slidell, and I've never heard of it on my trips to Los Angeles.
Upon entering the place, the owner was really kind and courteous, providing me with recommendations, the whole nine yards. In terms of parking, terrible, but it doesn't knock any stars off of the place itself. Parking was a nightmare considering the fact that you have to pay to park, and also that the streets were crowded at twelve. I never believed New Orleans could have so many tourists! Looks like I was wrong! 
The total cost for my mango bubble tea with popping boba was $6.00, but I checked in to Yelp, which knocked it down about $0.57 to $5.43 I think.
Anyways, if it weren't for the difficulties in parking and location, this would be my number one spot in terms of getting good, quality, FRESH bubble tea!Walking into this establishment the decor is eclectic which is awesome. I just love the little bar stools at the counter. Extremely kid friendly. The guy who made my to die for mango strawberry bubble tea with tapioca and strawberry popping bubbles (you know strangely enough I've never had popping bubbles before) is awesome and super friendly.  I'd say this place is a winner with some of the most delicious  bubble tea and ridiculously warm service . Will definitely be back.
UPDATE:  Still craving their bubble tea three days after. Bubble tea was obliterated so fast that I didn't get to take a picture lol. I NEED MORE IN MY LIFE! Also I ordered a buffalo chicken wrap which was grilled (faaaancee!) and delicious but according to the signs in the shop and host most people get and enjoy the Cesar wrap.Like the milk tea but I had a spill because of bad packaging. 
Clean place, nice owner.The BEST shave ice in town! And their bubble tea so refreshing!!! Their Ice cream also good,it's gelato!!!! their staff are just the greatest people. Very friendly. I will ALWAYS come when I'm around the area. Overall love it!!!I first got introduced to Bubble Tea from a food truck in NYC back in 2000 so now I have to drink  Taro Bubble Tea no matter where I go.I guess I consider myself a Taro Bubble Tea connoisseur because I get the same thing  every single time no matter what city I'm in.So I went to Honeydeux in August I had to get my Taro fix.I walk in & there were two guys in there that quickly took my order & seemed very nice.The reason I'm giving them 2 stars is because of the Tapioca balls,they tasted really gross.I don't know exactly how they cook them but I think they cooked them too long because they were too hard.I don't know how to explain it but it was almost like they were stale,they were just NOT the right consistency & beleive me I've had Bubble Tea in about 10 different cities & something just wasn't right.The Taro & the service was fine but they definitely need to figure out what's going on with the Tapioca balls.Oh yeah and to top it off I forgot to check in & use the 10% off coupon.5 stars just for the yumminess of this desert thing!! Shaved ice, fresh fruit, a syrup, condensed milk (i thought wierd but ok) and a scoop of ice cream... heaven in my mouth good!! never had it was more modern clean lines on interior not bad place not bad guy working either. He was nice. But just got and try this thing its good !!! cant say anything about the other stuff...This place was great! We stayed at a nearby hostel and this place was perfect for morning smoothies! The staff was very friendly and helpful and the smoothies are absolutely delicious! All completely fresh ingredients blended right before your very eyes and you can even get tapioca bubbles in them!My husband and I happened upon Honeydeux to get out of the impending storm. We were very pleasantly surprised! I can't comment on the quality of the bubble tea and other desserts, but I can say that the wraps were fantastic! Everything was really fresh and made just the way we ordered it. The staff was super friendly, without being overbearing. The decor is also really nice.....I would have liked to see some more comfy chairs so the older gentleman sitting at the counter could have had his own chair to sit in, and not stare at us until we got up!This place is amazing. Everytime my girls and I go out, it is a tradition to come here for our dessert. The staff are friendly and nice. We always get the regular mango shaved ice. Addiction!I don't usually go to Honeydeaux, but when I do... :D the bubble teas are amazing & the wraps are fresh & delicious.Fairly average little ice/tea/coffee place. My friend and I got bubble teas, mine was mango with popping bubblea. Hers was avocado with mango and traditional bubbles. Mine was delicious. Loved it. Hers was great too, but the bubbles were gross. Which definitely put a damper on it.
The service was polite but nothing to write home about. 
Also,  bathroom is outside. Strange, but pretty clean.Terrible service! One employee on a Sunday afternoon at 3pm...he was in the weeds. Didn't greet us nor anyone who came in after us. 25 mins later, we had two bubble tea drinks, papaya which he put the tapioca pearls on top and honeydeaux which barely had tapioca pearls.  The papaya was too sweet! The honeydeaux tasted plastic-y and powdery at the same time. First and last time for us.Bubble tea was way too sweet. Bubble was overcooked and mushy. We will not be back. I order the Thai tea and my wife had the passion bubble tea. Both were ridiculously sweet. We have tried many different bubble tea shops in several cities and this was one of the worst.Avocado bubble tea is not bad! They will use fresh fruit to make it. And it has lots of other different taste. But the price is a bit high.A solid choice for ice cream or sherbet (if you're at this end of Magazine), but there isn't a huge selection...but maybe that's good for the indecisive? I had blueberry something and it was really tasty.  The staff seemed...friendly but indifferent.  
Since I've seen a bunch of businesses come and go on this block, I admire how the current folks have dressed up this location.  The design aesthetic is clean and welcoming.  I'll have to try the shave ice to compare it to a snowball.  
I'll leave y'all to the bubble teas; tapioca freaks me out.Great place to grab a quick bit. Loved the Garden Veggie wrap with a side of buffalo sauce!!! Highly recommend!Honeydeux is a great afternoon treat for anyone browsing the lower Magazine Street area. When my wife and I are biking around town, we try and swing through Honeydeux for a bubble tea. I suggest getting the Strawberry with tapioca for starters. It is a really fun drink to try at least once The wraps need a bit of work. I would purchase fresher meets if I were slinging wraps as well as less dressing on your salad based wraps. This place is an affordable treat that will suit anyone's pocketbook. Enjoy!4 Stars for their shaved ice and 1 Star for their iced coffee. 
Ice: the fruit was hella fresh and abundant. They added the right amount of condensed milk such that every bite was sweet and heavy but not overwhelming. It was a huge cup and just a little over $5 so it's a solid deal.
Coffee: ordered what sounded like a ca phe sua da (Vietnamese Iced Coffee w/ condensed milk) but received a strange drink. The coffee they used was pre-creamed and the condensed milk was then put on the bottom of the cup. Adding cream to the coffee prior to mixing it with the condensed milk is kithis kinda negates the point of using condensed milk.
Service was friendly and personable.On few occasions do I visit an eatery, place an order, and get exactly what I ask. I asked for a smoothie, and I tasted the blended fruit I expected, just as if I were to do it at home--no added sweeteners or juices. I asked for a wrap, and I received exactly what was described on the board behind the counter to a wonderful, toasted finish that agrees with my nutrition plan. I have no complaints whatsoever, and I surely will return.The mango boba with tapioca was perfect! The right amount of sweet and cold that I was craving on a hot day in New Orleans.I used to come here whenever I was back in town from college. I made a stop here today and they must've gotten new owners or new management or something. The staff had no communication skills with their customers or each other. They all seemed really confused with what they were doing, and even forgot one of our drinks. I don't recommend at all.Wish I never ate here... Because I'll never be satisfied eating McDonald's snack wrap ever again! Insanely good - I got the chipotle steak wrap which she makes the sauce for herself.The bubble tea I got was wayyy too sweet.  I actually threw it away after a few sips.  I like sweet bubble tea, but this was undrinkable.  Hard boba too.This place is a fail. I wanted a nice mango tea. The menu is very vague. No prices and no description. I ordered a mango tea w boba and it was a large sugary slushie for $7. If I wanted a smoothie I would have ordered a healthy smoothie. A tea is usually just an iced tea w flavor. 
When I asked the young cashier for an itemized receipt he said he couldn't give me one. I asked to explain how much the teas are because $7 is high. He never mentioned it's a slushie. When I gave feedback that maybe they should put prices and explain the drinks are blended with syrup, literally non f the 4 people acknowledged I was even talking. I was t telling it being rude I was telling the cashier my surprise. It was like I wasn't there. And the owner was there filling up stuff. They all look like they don't have a clue and they are horrible with customer service. This is not a place I would recommend just for the stupidity of the staff alone.This place is such a hidden gem. (At least to me as I've never seen or heard of it until a couple weeks ago). 
The space is super cute and really close to where I live on magazine. There is a great selection of smoothies, and if you're as blown away by the options as I am the employees are really helpful and sweet and will steer you towards a perfect one.
However, what impressed me the most was how good the food was. I got the honey mustard turkey wrap only because I was starving. I usually don't get food at places like this because its usually the same old bland tastes and subpar ingredients, but no. This wrap was so delicious that I couldn't believe, especially for even being a pretty run of the mill flavor choice. The veggies were fresh and crispy, the meat cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the wrap was soft and not stale. Can't wait to go back and try some of the other ones.I really enjoyed visiting Honeydeux and talking with the owner. I came in on a slow day, and had the chance to chat with the owner for quite a while. Very informative and friendly. I asked quite a number of questions about the products there, and she was both humorous and patient with me! 
Ended up ordering some type of frozen coffee drink with tapioca pearls. It was a tasty drink that was much appreciated on a warm day out in NOLA. While not the best bubble tea I've experienced, the drink combos here are pretty fun. Not cheap
Also, for those who don't like tapioca pearls, Honeydeux also has popping pearls (filled with an assortment of juices). And, for those who don't like either one of THOSE, they also offer smoothies.I've now tried Honeydeux three times and have been disappointed each time with the bubble tea. The flavor is really bland and the tea comes in slushie form which really takes away from the taste. Also, the tapioca is hot which is quite strange.I learned recently that Honeydeux had changed owners. I went to check it out on my latest visit to nola and the place has definitely changed. The new owner doesn't exactly appear to know what they are doing. They were constantly asking people if they had made something correct, and also openly admitting that they don't know what the stuff is. That was the owner speaking.
I love my shaved ice, but now the ice is somewhat different in texture, the serving of ice cream on top is slightly smaller, and the amount of syrup that is put into the shaved ice is too much, so that it is too sweet and it's more like a snoball.
The ambience of the place has also changed. It is no longer that modern, sleek, clean and cool looking shop.  It's turning more into a mom & pops sort of place. I mean the decor is still the same, but things have been moved around, it's becoming cluttered with seemingly out of place objects that are setup for sale on random shelves and on top of machines. Even the music playing is different. 
I just don't really know how I feel about this place anymore. I mean, the shaved ice still seemed to be somewhat okay. I am just disappointed.Yum, Boba tea in a nicely decorated, warm and inviting shop. This part of Magazine street I feel is very under-rated with lots of small shops, boutiques, bars, restaurants and coffee shops. I was on a mission to get some bubble tea today and headed down to Honeydeux for a delicious treat. I'll def be back for moreService terrible--They mixed up my order twice and were not efficient.  Unprofessional staff made the experience unpleasurable. Do not go there!!!Love this place they never fail to please me.  Oh and the staff is great!!  The owner takes pride in his business.   I always see him here!Honeydeux is an interesting and affordable dessert option in a somewhat sugarless, but cool stretch of Magazine.  Reservoir Café, Juan's, Cafe Roma, Half Moon, and Mojo's are right near by.  
The wraps are basic but surprisingly flavorful, hefty, and satisfying in a city with generally weak wraps.  Nice consistency achieved in the sandwich press.  
The iced and frozen mocha are both ridiculously good.  As is their signature dessert:  
A scoop of ice cream, syrup, fruits and chocolate/candy toppings, condensed milk, shaved ice.  The flavors become complex through layering and it actually tastes a lot lighter than it sounds.  
The seating is comfortable and the service is unusually friendly and professional for such a casual place.Do not go here if you are looking for healthy fruit smoothies. They only have "bubble tea smoothies", which has sugar and syrups in it. I felt they had false advertise their place.  I was sick, needing actual healthy food. Walk all the way there sick and they do not have real smoothies.  When they advertise themselves as a smoothie place on yelp.What a great cozy place for lunch !  The wraps are phenomenal !!  Real warm fresh pulled chicken in the wraps !... Not your regular dry commercial "chicken strips". Fresh veggies !!!  Large portion wraps come with chips :). The owners are so gracious !  So glad we stopped here for lunch :) !!!Great wraps. Great bubble teas. Excellent service. Glad to see new businesses in this neighborhood.Oh hey Honeydeux, I like you.
You're the closest thing to Halo Halo that I've come across in this state, and I would have you whether it's hot or cold outside.  I would probably be in heaven in there were some red bean, taro, and coconut options to slather you in and to mix in with some of my deadly bad habits, condensed milk and evaporated milk.  I'm happy enough though with just having mangoes and strawberries. And I'm happy that there is a Taro and Lychee option for the bubble tea. I can't have everything.
I'm just glad that I no longer have to slave over the manual ice shaver and prep my bowl at home with all the fixings before the ice melts.This was my first visit got a wrap and a smoothie I do have to say it's one of the best I've had in the city. Will be returning every time I get a haircut conveniently located two doors down from stardust SalonMehh.  Not anything I haven't had before.  Honeydeux offers wraps, bubble tea, and shaved ice.  I've only had the bubble tea and shaved ice so I can't comment on the wraps.  The bubble tea is well....bubble tea.  Nothing about it distinguishes it from other places, except that their tapioca balls are very hard.  I mean if you're going to specialize in something, you should make it correctly right?  Other than that the slushy itself is good.  I've tried the green apple, and strawberry lychee.  The shaved ice was very soft and fluffy, which I liked.  Though they did kind of drench it with condensed milk, which my friend didn't like too much.  I do love the ice cream though.
As for the space itself, I do like the design and layout.  It's a nice place to just hang out, talk, and relax.  In a nutshell, Honeydeux isn't something to go crazy over, but it is very refreshing on those hot summer days.This place made our day when we unexpectedly found it while perusing on Magazine Street.  We didn't realize how hot and humid NOLA was going to be and we thought we were seeing things when we came upon Honeydeux.  Low and behold, it was a shaved ice shop....from the name I thought it was a lingerie shop!
When we stepped in, we were immediately greeted by the two behind the counter and the a/c, which we desperately needed.  My focus is going to be the shaved ice, although they do offer an extensive menu for drinks.  For the shaved ice, there were many choices for toppings but I stuck with fruits--lychees and mangoes.  The amount of fruit was great, I just wished they would chop the lychees into smaller pieces, instead of serving it whole.  On top of that, you get to choose your choice of ice cream from 8 flavors.  They did not skimp on the scoop of vanilla ice cream.
I would definitely recommend checking out this place!I desperately want to love Honeydeux, but after repeat visits I find myself more often than not only eating half my wraps and feeling slightly disappointed with the bubble tea. I've tried quite a few things on the menu, at this point, so I don't think it's just case of what I'm ordering. 
The ingredients they use to make the wraps all seem pretty fresh, but something about the way everything blends is...odd. The Chipotle Chicken Wrap, for example, tastes overwhelmingly of the (very sugary/sweet) Chipotle sauce, and very little like anything else. There's plenty of shredded chicken (good!) but it's difficult to taste the cheese, and the vegetables appear only sparingly. The lettuce is kind of limp, but I guess you can expect that in a warm wrap. It's wrapped in such a way that it's pretty difficult to eat burrito-style (today, my wrap was huge, and came kind of squished down into a wrapped up panini lookin' thing?) and given its size, would I think benefit from being cut in half. Arguably, I could do this for myself at home, but when you're marketing yourself as a convenient dine-in/take-out restaurant, making your food as easy to eat on-the-go as possible is, I think, important. Other wraps I've had have been similarly weird in terms of the flavor palette, too saucy or too dry, and always strangely sweet. Since I think of Honeydeux as my 'healthy' take out alternative during the work week, this is a bit disappointing. 
Personally, I do love all the drinks/teas/smoothies I've had here. Again, they are very, very sweet. I would agree/echo the reviewers who felt that the drinks were not sufficiently explained on the chalk board or the menu. Today I very specifically asked for a peach bubble TEA, since I read a previous review where the owner responded and suggested one ask specifically for the tea product, if one expected milk tea. Maybe I should have added 'milk', but since the menu just says "mango" under a big headed entitled "bubble tea," I figured that would be sufficient. What I got is blended ice with mango syrup - EXTREMELY sugary/sweet. To me, this isn't in any way, shape, or form bubble tea. I've had more success with the thai tea (which is definitely milk tea), and the coconut flavor, which is I think just coconut milk blended with ice, but at least is milky. Having a section on the menu differentiating between blended ice smoothies and milk teas would be great. Do they even offer tea-based drinks that aren't milky or straight up icees? I don't know. The menu doesn't tell me. 
That said, my mango icee with tapioca was tasty, and to me, the tapioca boba was fresh and tasty - just the right amount of chewy. Reviewers are right; it is served warm. If this isn't your thing, you may not like Honeydeux. Personally it doesn't bother me and I quite like the variant in texture and temperature, when paired with the cold drink. 
In short, it's a so/so place to grab a snack that is healthier than a cheeseburger (by virtue of containing vegetables and giving you the option of wheat pita instead of white). I'm sure I'll eat there again, but I do think there's room for improvement if they want to really take off as a healthy take-out sandwich shop on the Magazine strip.I have mixed feelings about this place. Looking at the other reviews, either I must have gone on a really off day or something drastic has changed. I walked in on a quiet weekday afternoon and they did not leave a very good impression.
The AC was either off or running very sparsely, and place felt humid. I presume it was the owner that rang me up, as she was the only person working and seemed busy/distracted. She was nice and warned me that their lid sealer was not working right. I ended up sticking my straw through the gap between the lid seal and the cup. As far as my order goes, iced Thai tea is not something you can really mess up but the boba texture felt off and was mushy. Their cups also don't have that cute green logo anymore. 
I guess it's nice that there is even boba available in uptown but I would be embarrassed bringing any of my Houston/ATX friends here. I did not try their food so no opinion there, but the drinks fall short of any generic tapioca place. The only thing they really got going for them is location and honestly, I think I will just stick to Lilly's for my Thai tea from now on. If I'm craving boba, I think I will just make the drive to the west bank...New ownership since two months ago (April-May), so don't expect to get everything that you use to get before if you're a returning customer, because I sure didn't. They're still trying to transition and get use to things. 
My friend and I came in expecting good ole' traditional shaved ice and fruit infused jasmine tea with popping pearls but got something that wasn't quite it. So that was pretty disappointing, however, the guy was concerned enough to step out around the counter and speak to me and then give me a complimentary drink card the next time I come in. He did warn that there were possible changes and they were going through a transitioning stage so, hopefully it'll be better. It was just really disappointing that my jasmine tea with fruits turned out to be just mixed fruit flavored pumped into my tea with tapioca pearls.. which was far from what I expected to happen. lol and then my friend was hoping for the traditional bingsoo like any other place would have it but.. guess they didn't really have it together bc they were going back and forth and seemed confused. 
Anyways, I'll give it another shot the next time, and hopefully things are better. Hopefully they lower the price for the bubble tea's bc it is super expensive than what they're usually costing.I was in the area and needed a quick lunch. Had a buffalo chicken wrap and it was delicious! The wrap and chicken were hot with fresh cool lettuce. Definitely want to go back and try the teas and shaved ice.Such a great place to stop by for a boba drink or shaved ice especially during summer! I enjoyed boba and shaved ice when I visited this establishment and it was such a great place to go and escape the heat of summer! The shaved ice is so refreshing! While there, I did see quite a few people ordering sandwiches and wraps, so it seems like they serve good meals as well.I have tried their honeydew and green apple slushy and it tasted good for the first 10 minute and then it melted right away (bummed)! 
Pros: nice staff, great location, and good variety of smoothies. Also, i enjoyed the new strawberry popping boba which is better than the tapioca balls. 
Cons: The tapioca balls! I been drinking tapioca all my life and i never experience tapioca balls so hard!! I think that they are probably cooking it wrong and this is not something i want to be mean about but for future reference. I hope that they fixed this (: 
Other than that, I will come back for more (:Had a really nice time in this cozy little tea spot.  Had never had Bubble Tea and was pleased to find out their is more than one type.  I had a refreshing drink with little clear balls that are filled with what I would liken to a liquid starburst.  Friendly service, clean busy area of magazine street. This is a must stop when shopping on Magazine.  Will go back again soon.Cute little place to get bubble tea in the city. The passion fruit was fresh and delicious on a hit summer day!I showed up today (May 6th) around 7:30 really excited about trying this place out. 
As we were walking in, a worker outside rolled his eyes at us. 
I didn't think anything of it, but inside someone behind the counter told us yhat they were closing early because it had been a slow day. 
My three friends and two other customers behind us were out of luck. 
There were several paying customers ready to buy their products, so to close early seems kind of wrong. What's the point of having posted hours if you're not going to adhere them?  Really disappointing.Undecided how I feel about this place. I went in only because Hansen's wasn't open yet and I had already promised the kid a snoball before nap time. I figured it would be an Asian owned boba tea shop that also served snoballs and smoothies. Wrong. It was more of a smoothie shop that will add tapioca balls in your drink if you want and weird snoball-ish creations. If I had been looking for an odd and cold dessert place I would've been satisfied, I think. 
I ordered him what I thought would be a kiwi snoball because that was the only "green" flavor syrup they offered. I don't think I'm alone when I say I try to keep my toddlers sugar intake to a minimum when it's something that's not naturally sweetened. I wasn't asked or even informed what would go into making this because, again, I expected your everyday snoball. Ice and flavored syrup. Nothing else. What we were given was a shaved ice with a little syrup and tons of what I think what condensed milk. I did like the addition of the kiwi slices they topped it with. He ate those right away. I could've definitely done with out the milk but I wasn't sad about there being a less than normal amount of syrup. 
If you're looking for a quirky dessert shop this would be the place for you. If you want authentic boba tea or traditional New Orleans snoballs stay away.Every city I visit - i try and find a bubble tea place. On another trip to NOLA I finally found one, that is close enough walk from the St Charles trolley and is in a cute neighborhood (Garden) with interesting shops and restaurants. 
I got the Honeydew bubble tea... which was very refreshing - however the tapioca pearls were hard and chewy. 
Nothing too unique about this place's bubble tea offering - its the standard, run-of-the-mill powdered flavored tea mix, blended or on ice. What's good about this place overall - is that there are sandwhiches available for order. 
Right now i'm rating this place with a 2-star, based on the quality and execution of the tapioca, and hope/intend to update on my next visit to NOLA.These folks make a darn good chicken caesar wrap!I tried this place because of an amazon local deal.  Veggie wrap was just okay.  They were out of tapioca balls for the bubble tea (one of their main menu items).  And only two potato chip choices on a large empty rack.  The mango bubble tea was pretty good...it was basically a fruit smoothie.  Maybe I tried the wrong things on the menu, but I don't see myself making any special effort to go back.We came here this past week and really loved all of our drinks. The honeydew boba was so refreshing. My only complaint is that it is slightly pricey compared to the boba shops in CA. Ours are about $4 each, here for two smoothies with boba it was $11.It was early in the morning, and I was strolling down Magazine. I really wanted to get something to drink, and I came by Honeydeux. I had no idea what it was so I walked in and realized it was a boba shop. I thought "oh lucky me! I wanted to try boba in Nola, now here's my chance!" Oh how I would regret thinking those words...
I walked in with some hesitation but figured it'd be worth a shot. Service was a little rough right from the start since both workers behind the counter didn't see me for a good two minutes (they didn't even have their backs turned to me...). I finally greeted them good morning, and one worker came over to take my order. I opted for a mango-peach-passion fruit smoothie with boba. The grand total came out to be a whopping $6.30! At first, I gave them the benefit of the doubt and figured they're using quality fruits to blend. UH, NO. I received my drink, and it was just slush. Think ice with just all the fruit syrups mixed into it. I was so disappointed. And to make matters worse, the boba was not very good. 
Some recommendations to improve the place: price the drinks on the menu so customers know what they're paying for, note that extra flavor would be an additional $0.50, don't call a slushie a "smoothie," and be a little more attentive to customers.This super cute place gets 5-stars from me hands down!!  Not only do I love and miss boba (bubble) tea drinks so much since I moved to Louisiana, but I miss them even more when I do get to have them in Louisiana because they are not as accessible for me in Baton Rouge (unless I make them) as they are in NOLA.  Anyway, I had a blended Thai Iced Tea with boba (of course!!!) and it was the most perfect drink!! I asked the what I like to call "boba-lista" - creator of ever-so-fabulous boba drinks - to cut out some of the sugar and it just made the drink even more of a perfect creation!!  
I only have 2 requests to Honeydeux...please open one up in Baton Rouge and increase stock on Matcha Green tea...I was a little bummed you all did not have it, during my visit; however, that did not affect your star ratings from me at all!
Thank youPlease do yourself a favor and get the lychee bubble tea and get it with the lychee jellies!!! Yay!!honeydeux shaved ice is a must try if you're craving for something cold outside of yogurt and ice cream. fresh fruits, condense milk and a scoop of ice cream on top of finely shaved ice. delicious!When my two friends and I stepped into the shop we were taking a bit of time to decide on which flavors of bubble tea to purchase and the behind-the-counter staff were very accommodating in making our specific flavor combinations. 
The service was fast and the quality of the bubble tea was delicious. We will definitely be returning in the near future.Finally a decent shaved ice place in new orleans! I tried their shaved ice for the first time with cookies and cream ice cream with watermelon, strawberry, and mango. Overall it was good, just soft and fluffy like how your shaved ice should be. I liked the decor and the atmosphere of the place, very modern and I liked the bar seating in front. 
I haven't tried their wraps or bubble tea yet. I shall be stopping by here more often since it's fairly close to campus. Overall, good place to chill and get a quick bite to eat or dessert.While taking a rare bike ride on an even rarer cool New Orleans Sunday morning, I finally got to check this place out. I'm not the biggest Bubble Tea fan, but my fiancé is, and he loved his honeydew papaya concoction. The boba is made fresh in house, and we came right as a new batch was ready. Owner Mark is welcoming and gracious; thanks for a cool break from a sweaty ride!Had a coupon. Stopped in for bubble tea. Yummy and refreshing flavors. If I were local I'd go back to try them all! The staff was helpful and friendly. The atmosphere was clean and airy. Everything hit the spot - exactly what we need on an afternoon of shopping and pedicures :)I'm pretty sure I'm addicted to the green tea bubble tea. The staff here is always super friendly and satisfy my cravings quickly. Highly recommended!
Updated 2/16/2015: While I will still stop in, it's kind of become hit or miss for me. I find myself just waiting to end up in Metairie and I will fulfill my bubble tea cravings at Frosty's Cafe on Cleary.This is only a review for their bubble milk tea. 
Tea: Drinkable, yes. I wouldn't though. To expensive for what you get.
Tapioca Pearls: I hope it was a bad batch, as it was like boba I've never had. It was both warm and tasted like powder. Not a good thing. 
Service: I had a great conversation with the people there. They were friendly and didn't mind making my drink over when they made a frozen milk tea instead of the liquid milk tea that I asked for. 
They definitely don't specialize in regular bubble milk tea and focus more on the smoothie bubble teas. Didn't try that and I'm sure it's great in New Orleans, especially during the summer.
Overall, wasn't a fan.Hold up. There's a boba place in the middle of this kinda neighborhood? NOT RUN BY ASIAN PEOPLE? AND IT'S GOOD?? Nice. Go here and get your boba fix, people!
The only thing I would request is perhaps add flavored teas and even flavored boba.I was visiting Nola looking and craving some bubble tea. This was the only bubble tea place I could find. I had high hopes and orders a peach green tea. Maybe bubble tea is different here but when I got my tea and drank it , it looked  green like an avocado smoothie . I realized later when I drank it it tasted noting like peach and there was actually  milk in it. 
I was pretty disappointed that they did not tell me this was a milk tea and that if they make all there green tea's standard with milk they really need to state and let people know there is milk in it. My stomach was messed up for awhile after drinking this.  I wanted to go back and give them a second chance but didn't have time. I sad part is that I waited quite awhile to even put my order in and waited even longer.