Absolutely loved this place.  Perfect location!
It didn't start out great.  Avoid rooms 321-329.   These rooms are along an annexed section that just didn't make me feel very safe.  I've never switched rooms before but asked and they were so sweet about it and obliged.  
The rooms are immaculate, beds are comfy, welcome drinks and free breakfast are awesome, and courtyard was so European and adorable.  I loved this hotel and you will too. And the service was phenomenal!At $200+ per night with taxes and ect, I was expecting to sleep like a baby and have wonderful, relaxing stay. My first impression was that this is a very nice hotel, located in the heart of the French Quarter (on Conti near Royal, one block from Bourbon St). It is in an older building that was remodeled to look more hip, modern (with excessive use of colored lighting and velvet chairs). We stayed on the 3rd floor, when we opened the room door we both noted the strong smell of mildew in the room. No heat was on in any of the hallways, so in December this can get cold. There was a heated pool in the courtyard but it is awkwardly located near the Vive bar, which did not make me want to go in. No room service offered, no in-room beverages, no mini fridge, no spa, no snacks and no restaurant. I also noticed our bathroom was fairly dirty, the cleaning staff never cleaned the shower walls or the frosted glass between the shower and toilet which looked filthy. The valet parking for $34 per day was horrible and half the time the valet reserved space was being occupied by someone else, mostly deliveries or people temporarily stopping to pick someone up. I did not sleep well the whole time we stayed here, there was a weird, loud grinding noise most of the night and I kept having horrible, violent nightmares. I don't often have such bad nightmares and it made me question the idea of a haunting or ghost as I have heard the French Quarter has a history of. 
I accidentally left a toiletry bag in the room, asked about it a hour later after we checked out and was told "we did not find anything in your room" but I am positive I left a small bag full of makeup in the room. Annoyed by this, nobody asked for my contact info incase they did find the bag, just the smug response. 
I will be in NOLA in the near future but I will not stay here again.My husband and I stayed here for one night before our cruise departing from New Orleans. What a great place! Location was great, the whole place was very clean, and the service was great too. Complimentary drinks from their bar Vive were delicious.Amazing service oriented hotel! From the outside, it doesn't look like much. The kind of blink and you will miss it exterior. One small awning is all the Conti St. exterior boasts. Once you step through the doors you are transported into a very classy and modern interior. From the moment we walked in the door we were treated as valued guests and the staff went above and beyond. 
We arrived at 9:30am fully aware we were hours before check in and expecting that our room would not be ready, to our surprise it was! The bellhop took our bags up to the room and upon getting there we realized the room was not the courtyard view we hag paid for. Back down to the front desk. In a matter of two minutes and numerous apologies, we were given our courtyard facing room. The staff were so friendly,  accommodating, and kind!! 
I'm always anxious about room cleanliness when I travel, and as soon as I opened the door you could tell this room was freshly cleaned. I mean spotless!!!
We had planned to do a city tour, but hadn't decided which, so we asked the front desk for help. Pierre at the front desk recommended a tour, called and made the reservation for us, and even got us a discounted rate. He contacted the Mardi Gras World shuttle floor us, and even arranged for a car service(with taxi rates) to take us to the airport. While Pierre stood out to us for his amazing service, he is just part of a whole staff that is helpful and accommodating.
The hotel is also perfectly located in The French Quarter and it is extremely easy and convenient to walk around. In addition it is just a few walkable blocks to Canal St. and the Canal and St. Charles streetcars. 
This hotel will be my first choice on my next trip to NOLA.Great boutique hotel. Right off Bourbon Street. Staff is friendly. Rooms are nice. Quite a surprise for the French Quarter.LOVED this hotel. LOVED the staff. Loved the location. Loved the room. Loved the courtyard. Loved everything. 
Rooms were well appointed, and quiet. 
As a virgo... I am a serious clean freak. This hotel was immaculately clean, the room, the lobby, the courtyard, and the pool. 
The place doesn't serve food except for free continental breakfast, but there is several places for food steps away from the front door. 
The Staff was so on the ball and polite, it was amazing. Especially after watching a friend deal with  check in at her hotel the St. Marie and they were completely unorganized, and absolutely rude to everyone who was upset at the front desk because their rooms were all messed up. I watched for several hours in the lobby one incident after another. So I found even more appreciation for the great staff at the front desk at my hotel. 
The lobby was so incredibly cute. All colorful with blue, purple and pink lighting inside and outside. Let me just tell you how nice that is when you stumble into your hotel at 5am completely sh*t faced. 
The cute bar was a good start for a start out drink, bartender was kewl and friendly just like everyone we encountered at the hotel. 
By far this will be where I stay every time I go back to New Orleans. 
I've stayed at the Marriott before but it doesn't have NOLA charm and it's on Canal so there's more walking, this time we wanted a hotel in the french quarter and we wanted something completely remodeled not some 200 year old hotel with thin walls and cockaroaches. This place was a beautiful boutique hotel that had great personality. 
Clean freaks, my gay boys, city slickers and snobs would love this place!
PS about the nice touches
- Free Internet in the rooms is a definite plus! you would have to reset it every once in a while but not a huge problem if you're on vacation. If you're trying to do business might be a bit annoying. 
- Free bottles of water. 
- Free continental breakfast wasn't just rolls and coffee. It included, eggs, bacon, sausage, cereal, english muffins, bagels, oatmeal, grits, coffee, various flavored creamers, orange juice, apple juice, cranberry juice and bottle water
- Two complimentary drink tickets when you checkin for their bar. Be sure to check the expiration date on it, or confirm at the front desk when you get them. The tickets were for any drink at the bar, so that was very nice. 
- No paper do not disturb and housekeeping signs. You simply press a button in your room that lights up one of the signs out side of your door. The rooms also have door bells so no annoying knocking. Very pleasant.
- The beds were very comfy. Linens were very crisp, clean and nice. 
- The rooms had a docking station with speakers for your iphone, ipod, etc so you can play music. No need to bring additional speakers.
- The rooms also had electronic safes for your valuables. 
- Also for my security which I liked in a very party town, you used your room key to accessed the elevator from the lobby. So not just anyone can get up to the room levels. I did like that, and felt safer. 
Minor complaints: The shower did not have a door so the floors got wet ALOT. I did fix the annoyance by placing folded up towels by the doorway of the shower so it wouldn't reach the floor. Just ask for more towels for the shower situation.  It would also be nice to have a tub too. Though I did know the hotel did not have a tub when I booked it, and felt the hotel and my room was worth the lack of not relaxing in a tub on vacation.
- We sleep in very late because we're usually out partying to the sun comes up. Which means we're sleeping when housekeeping is doing their thing. Our only complaint is that the first two days, you could hear housekeeping outside of our door talking loud etc. Though thank god we didn't hear them for the rest of the week. We did buy ear plugs cause we're reasonable people who believe that there is certain noises you will hear in any hotel stay especially if you sleep in.So I haven't actually stayed here (yet), but I did get a chance to check out one of the premium guest rooms, and I've seen the pool, the courtyard, the fitness room, the business center and the conference room. As such, I feel qualified to write this review. 
The primary reason I feel compelled to post a review is to share something that I find extraordinarily amusing about Hotel Le Marais. You're going to make fun of me, but I don't care. I'm easily amused. Check it out: each of the guest rooms has a lit up panel outside the door, where you will find... a doorbell! Why this is necessary for a hotel room (especially a boutique hotel with tiny, adorable guest rooms) is beyond me. However, I am very thoroughly a fan. In case you hadn't guessed. 
In addition to the doorbell outside each room, on the inside you've got two buttons. One to indicate Do Not Disturb, and the other one to request housekeeping. Just make sure you press the right button!We stayed here for our trip to NOLA. The decor is very modern and beautiful. The room was obviously a little small, but that is fine with me. The staff were pretty helpful and kind. The bedding wasn't very clean. I found a person's snot on my bedding. My sister found a lot of hairs in her bedding. We asked them to change the bedding, but she still had hairs in her bed. Along with booking the hotel room, they gave us complimentary 3 drink from the bar and 2 tickets for a Jazz Brunch at The Court of Two Sisters. The parking across the street was pretty expensive. We ended parking in another parking lot a few blocks away for a much cheaper price. The pool is amazing at night! I loved coming down there to soak my feet after a long day of walking and bar hopping. It is also so close to bourbon street! You can't hear any of the noise, but you can easily walk down there at night. You can easily walk down to the French Market as well during the day. I would really recommend this hotel.
FYI: We paid about $200 a night.We debated on where to stay when visiting NOLA and wanted to stay in the French Quarter.  My husband is a fanatic about researching hotels so we decided to stay at Hotel Le Marais.
A boutique hotel with staff that is friendly and very accomodating.  The rooms are small with low ceilings but since the entire hotel (including guest rooms, and bathrooms) has been renovated that makes up for small rooms.  The hotel is essentially brand new from common areas to all the guest rooms (furniture, bedding, etc...).
The pros:  Clean, new, helpful/friendly staff, walking distance to everything, reasonably priced.  Oh, and an on-site gym and dipping pool to help work off the excess lbs you will likely pack on with all of the good food that NOLA has to offer.
The (potential) cons:  The doors to the guest rooms do not keep sound out, so it can get noisey depending upon where your room is located.  I suggest away from the elevators if noise bothers you.  Shower is an open shower (meaning no curtain, so you may be a little cold if you step into the shower with the bathroom door open), and there isn't a tub (not a big deal to me, but it could be a deal breaker for some).  Currently you can't order movies in the room (not sure if they're going to change this or not), but they have a LOT of stations.  No mini bar in the room, but come on - you're in New Orleans and there are SEVERAL bars within stumbling distance.
I would definitely return to Hotel Le Marais.Last night here with my husband and I have to rave about how great this hotel has been. They allowed us to check in early on day 1. Also gave us 2 free complimentary drink vouchers to their bar for any drink we wanted. Super friendly staff, always greeted us when we entered and left each day. Very clean rooms which were pretty spacious.  House keeping was spot on when we allowed them in. Each morning we had a complimentary breakfast which was delicious and filling to start the day. The gym was sufficient for the size. I got some running in ;) all in all... worth the $$ and I would definitely stay here again. Perfect location! !!Great experience at this Hotel! The rooms were true to the pictures on the website and I loved the modern decor/feel of the hotel. This hotel is a smaller, boutique type hotel and it met out needs in every way. The location was perfect for walking all around the french quarter as well as being close (but not too close) to the nightlife. The continental breakfast, while traditional, was above expectations and saved our money to spend towards our other meals. We enjoyed the bar which had delicious drinks as well as the courtyard area with the pool. Beds were super comfortable. Service was great and super helpful! I would definitely stay here again as well as recommend it to my friends.Definitely a great place to stay!!  the employees were extremely nice and helpful. The  hotel was clean and quiet, Morning breakfast buffet was warm and tasty. The pool closes at midnight as well as the bar inside of the hotel. the strip is right on the corner.  Bars, restaurants, mall and etc. are walking distance.4 1/2 stars. Loved this place. Customer service was excellent. The rooms were spotless and chic, if a little small. The outside courtyard and pool area were delightful. Yes, it's not an Olympic size pool, but we were there during decadence weekend, and were usually the only ones in it. I really appreciated the friendly customer service, and the bartender remembered our drinks the entire time we were there after our first order. 
My one tiny complaint was that the keycard reader for the elevators was a bit fussy. Sometimes they worked, other times they didn't, but they would still work in the room. I appreciate the extra security requiring a key to get onto the floors, but i had to get assistance several times, which is a tad inconvenient when you've got your buzz on from Frenchman's. 
The complimentary breakfast more than made up for any elevator issues! Croissants, bacon, sausage, fruit, bagels, cereal....a really nice spread! I'm sure they saw me take seconds and thirds, but they were nice and didn't comment on my large portion sizes. 
Definitely will stay here again!We stayed here one night over Memorial Day weekend.  Parking was $20 valet across the street and the front desk staff let us check in a little early because our room was ready.  They were very nice and super friendly.  The hotel lobby/bar area is small but clean and modern and opens to a little courtyard with seating and the small pool.  It's a nice little oasis in the madness of the French Quarter.  It's about half a block to Bourbon Street, but you don't hear anything once you're in the hotel.  Our room was clean, with a comfortable bed, and nice towels.  It would have been nice to have a mini fridge, and I'm not a fan of showers with just a glass partition, but water pressure and heat was good, so it wasn't that bad.  We got 2 free drink tickets when we checked in, and used those at Vive!, their bar.  There is no restaurant on site so the continental breakfast is served there in the morning, and everything looked pretty good, although we were going out for brunch so we only got coffee.  The elevator is maddeningly slow, so we took the stairs most of the time, there are only 5 floors.
  The location of this place is so so good.  Sucre is right down the street, you KNOW we took advantage of that!! Brunch, Lunch, Dinner, Coffee places everywhere on the surrounding streets, Bourbon if you're into that thing is half a block away,and Jackson Square and the Boardwalk are close, too.Hands down the best hotel experience I've had in or around the French Quarter. Everything was perfect from the entire staff, the beautiful rooms (love the showers!), comp drinks/breakfast, free wifi, an outstanding courtyard area with a very relaxing pool, and of course that perfect location.
We used the hotel to house our wedding party over 4 days and the staff really went out of their way to accommodate everyone, every time. I loved the modern feel and the lobby lighting and the room aesthetics. The comp breakfast was really wonderful and very much appreciated. 
The next time we're in the FQ I know what hotel we will be using.Stayed 3 nights.  Can't beat the location.  Close to everything.  Staff very nice and helpful.  Room clean and neat.  Nice bar with decent wine and speciality drinks.  Our first 2 nights we had a room with a balcony overlooking Conti Street, which I wouldn't recommend for light sleepers.  Many delivery trucks arrive EARLY on the street in the mornings and you can easily hear the commotion.  I would definitely stay at this hotel again.This hotel was the best. Beautiful, clean, close to EVERYTHING! Free hot breakfast and reasonable prices. I would love to give this hotel 10 stars if I could.Excellent hotel! It's located right off of Bourbon street and all the extras included in your stay makes it that much better. When we return, we plan on staying here again. We enjoyed every part of our stay.Had a great stay!
The staff is very polite, very helpful, funny & created a great atmosphere. The bar tender was hilarious to chat with & gave us some great tips for our stay.
This is a great hotel if you're planning on going crazy on bourbon st, but want a quiet place to crash afterwards. So the going to bed by 3am crowd for this is perfect.
If you're a premature old fart like myself, and you don't plan on blacking out every night you're here & plan on going to bed around 10pm or so, you're probably going to want ear plugs. 
Over all this hotel was a great place, with in walking distance of a lot of fun bars, restaurants & all the French Quarter stuff you could ever want to experience.
The beds were very clean, very comfortable as was the entire hotel & the room. 
We would definitely recommend this spot for your trip to Nawlyns!I can say i have been in better hotels but i have also been in worse. This was not my first choice but for what i paid it isn't to bad. The room is clean, bed comfortable, great location. The only problems i have are 1. I was told they offer a contential breakfest, bit all it was were muffins the size of a 1/2 dollar and coffee and 2. The valet parking is horrible, it takes at lest 20 min. to get your car and then they still expect a tip when the front desk had to call more than once to see if someone was coming. By the way the self park isn't close by so if you are by yourself ladies you may have to valet park. Otherwise it is nice and as close as it is to Bourbon St. it is pretty quiet.Stayed here in March for the SEC Tournament and had no regrets. Clean, comfortable, friendly staff and in a great location. You can't ask for much more!I stayed at Hotel Le Marais (roughly lu-maray) for four nights in May.  It's hard to say, but worth the stay.
This hotel has a great location between Bourbon and Royal on Conti (cont-eye) right in the center of the Quarter.  I loved being so close to everything.  Despite its proximity to the action, the hotel is very quiet inside.  And although it has been open for over a year, don't be surprised if cab drivers don't know where it is.
As you walk in off the street you enter a small, very modern looking lobby.
Although we didn't arrive until after 3PM, our room was not ready.  They gave us a coupons for free drinks at the bar while we waited.  (This was in addition to the free drinks that they give to all guests, which we also received.)  So although it had been a long trip, we were happy to start our drinking vacation immediately.
The room was nicely sized with plenty of room for the king size bed.  There was still room to walk around with a small desk and a lounging chair as well.  The TV was large and new, but the channel selection was bare minimum... not even the obligatory HBO that you usually find at hotels.
The bed was comfy with a luxurious mattress and nice pillows.  The A/C was centralized or hidden so we didn't have to hear some loud fan cycling on and off all night.  This is very important to me as I am constantly awakened by those wall units.  The digital thermostat allowed me to easily specify the temperature that I wanted.  Unfortunately, the A/C duct was on the wall directly next to the bed and a breeze blew down on to it (and me) causing cold and hot cycles as it cycled on and off.  I wish there had been a way to redirect air to achieve a more even temperature.
The bathroom was pretty tiny, but that is typical for hotels in this price range.  It was clean and modern looking.  I didn't like the shower.  The half wall was just plain ridiculous. It was impossible not to get water everywhere and the fact that I even had to try was proof that they need to fix this problem.  In the meantime, I determined that I could keep the main floor from getting flooded by rolling up a towel and laying it on the threshold to redirect the water back into the shower.
The sliding door on the bathroom is a great way to save space, but it is kind of loud when you need to get up in the middle of the night to return some of those Hurricanes back to nature and you don't want to wake up your partner.  It also needs a better handle.
The wi-fi was free but you had to do the password thing.  I wasn't getting a very strong signal with my Android phone on the fourth floor, but it was generally usable.
In the mornings they serve a continental breakfast in the bar area.  There are the usual cereals, fruit and a couple of hot items, but nothing fantastic.  I always had plans for brunch, so I usually just had a cup of coffee and a pastry out by the pool to start the day, before going out for the real culinary treats that New Orleans has to offer.
Overall I enjoyed my stay at Hotel Le Marais.  Although there are a few things that I wish they would improve, I would recommend this hotel.I was extremely pleased with my stay at Hotel Le Marais. The hotel was located PERFECTLY just South of Bourbon St and made for a very easy walk to the VooDoo Museums, Jackson Square, and the streetcar lines. 
I was also impressed with the style and cleanliness of the hotel. It was wonderfully modern and had all the amenities I needed. They even include free bottled water! The courtyard with saltwater pool was quaint (not for kids swimming, more of a "drinking pool") and the exercise area was extremely clean and useful.
The rooms themselves are small, but very well laid out and all the furniture was new. Excellent TV selection, and the linens were always clean.
My only complaints are really negligible. First, there is no working door on the showers, sometimes resulting in spillage onto the floor. Second, our room on the top floor had a strange "wall of sound" in one corner that could have been the air handler sitting on top of the roof. We tuned this out after an hour or two. I think we had a rushed maid one day as well, as our bed was hastily made and we were missing a few towels (this was only one day out of seven, so we excused it). However, my chief complaint is that the doors are THIN. Though the hotel itself is very quiet, we could hear EVERYONE who passed our door, and sometimes were alarmed because we thought people were opening our door when, in fact, it was the room adjacent to ours. We got in the habit of deadbolting our door. Housekeeping was noisy, but they definitely respected the nifty "Do Not Disturb" light under the room number we controlled from the inside of the room and responded quickly and efficiently when we asked for maid service.
All in all, a positive experience! I would definitely suggest this hotel to young adults and groups, though I don't think this is the best hotel to bring noisy kids to as there is not much for them to do other than  watch TV. 
I will definitely be using this hotel as my go-to for all of my stays in New Orleans! You really can't ask for better at their prices in the French Quarter during the busy season. Book now, there aren't too many rooms!I stayed here with a couple of girlfriends and had a great time! Hotel Le Marais is such an elegant hidden hotel, located near Bourbon st. The staff was extremely helpful and kind. Since the moment we arrived, the staff made sure we felt safe. There are five floors, we stayed in a room in the 4th floor. Our room was very clean and was kept clean by the wonderful staff. Our stay included free breakfast, two complimentary drinks, free wifi, and pool access.If I get to visit New Orleans in the future, thus will definitely be where I will stay. I highly recommend it.The staff at the hotel were awesome. I made arrangements for my wife's bday down there and asked for some special things set up and Erica and company delivered and then some. The hotel is right near bourbon st but far enough from the chaos. The only suggestion is make is to maybe offer room service but the service, attentiveness and upkeep of this place more than deserves my recommendation!This hotel was nothing less than amazing. The staff (Tania, Leila, Lenell, and Shawn) were extremely courteous and helpful. They were fun and silly and always laughing when we would joke around with them. The bar was quiet and a great place to meet others who were staying in the hotel or to meet up with friends before hitting Bourbon Street. That said, nothing could prepare us for the amazing outdoor heated salt water pool. No joke, we spent at least three hours in it every single night of the four nights we were there! The pool is absolutely what made this vacation perfect. We had a bunch of friends staying at the Hilton, and they came over to our hotel every night because (A) our location was much better and (B) THE POOL! We were hooked. I think I'm still having withdrawals since we left! I read reviews that told us to request a room away from the elevator and facing the courtyard (and we received what we requested), but I don't see how any room in this hotel would have been a bad one. Price wise, we were debating between this hotel and the Ramada on Bourbon. My parents stayed there a few months before and really liked it. My husband and I are into supporting local small businesses, so I took a chance that this boutique-style hotel would be better than the corporate-run Ramada, and boy were we right. The location was perfect, as was our hotel. And we didn't ever hear a peep of sound from Bourbon Street. Granted, we didn't get to our hotel until 3am at the earliest every night, but we had no problems sleeping in until noon the next day. This is the only place I'll stay from now on!!This is cross posted from my Trip Advisor review but I just wanted to post it here as well since I really enjoyed Hotel LeMarais!:
I booked our June 2011 stay at Hotel Le Marais back in January 2011 after finding an excellent deal on expedia.ca. Around Feb-Mar we started seeing some bad reviews show up saying people had been turned away after booking months in advance. Naturally I was completely freaked out by this - we'd been looking forward to our trip for so long and had saved up for it. Fortunately, we worried for nothing!
I emailed (and tweeted) the hotel a few times prior to our trip and was assured we'd be fine. Still, I worried. We showed up at the hotel on Friday morning around 11am. There was a TINY snag when our friends got assigned an already occupied room (woops!) but other than that everything was wonderful. Our rooms were ready promptly, were clean and quiet and safe. This was our first time staying in the French Quarter (previously stayed in the CBD) and we worried it might be noisy but despite being right off of Bourbon Street, this hotel is super quiet!
The hotel is newly renovated and is gorgeous in a modern boutique hotel style. Upon check-in you are given a coupon for a free drink at the hotel bar and all of the staff members are friendly and helpful. Pierre at the front desk was a big help to our group - offering restaurant suggestions and best taxi routes when we headed uptown. The beds are giant and super comfortable - I slept like the dead every night (although I may have had help from Pat O'Brian's hurricanes). You also get complimentary bottle of water in your room (hard to find hotels that don't charge you $8 a bottle these days!) and my husband and I even got a complimentary box of pralines in our room! THANK YOU Hotel staff! There is also a large flat screen tv (we hardly turned it on..hellooo, not on vacation to watch tv!) and an ipod dock in case you wanted to listen to some tunes while you get ready for the day. There is a jar of free ginger snap cookies at the front desk should you feel snacky while you wait for your taxi. The wifi in the hotel can be spotty at times but works well for the most part.
We usually went out (or slept through) breakfast but we did eat at the hotel twice and I can say I haven't seen such a fantastic free breakfast spread at any hotel I have ever stayed at. Fresh fruit, Community brand coffee, yogurt, cereal, delicious crispy real bacon, sausage patties, all manner of breads and bagels and english muffins, scrambled eggs..EVERYTHING! All for free! We appreciated this very much on our check out day as we had to be at the airport early.
The hotel also boasts a nice little quiet courtyard with pool. The courtyard is gorgeous but we did not use the pool as it was soooooo hot in New Orleans when we were there and the pool is a heated saltwater pool. Who cares though, we didn't come to New Orleans to swim! I bet that pool would be fantastic in Feb-March!
The location is great as well, nestled just off of Bourbon street yet very very quiet. Since this was not our first time in New Orleans we did not go to Bourbon street but still found the location ideal for everything we wanted to see and do.
All in all I would definitely stay at the Hotel Le Marais again and would recommend it to anyone. If we can get a good deal on expedia again we will be back sooner than later!The reviews speak for themselves, but have to say, the place was excellent for being in the thick of it all.  I moaned when I realized how close to Bourbon Street (which is as desirable as Daytona and Fort Lauderdale during Spring Break) it really was. Man, was I wrong. The hotel rooms are very comfortable. The staff completely gracious and helpful. We were celebrating a birthday and they had touches such as champagne and wine in the room every night.  The breakfast is good enough and I found the bar to be awesome.  I will definitely stay here again and this over the Starwood hotels!Positives: it was absolutely SILENT in our room even though the hotel really is right in the thick of it. And the courtyard/patio is likewise quiet and pleasant. The room was comfortable and clean and I appreciated the magnifying mirror (and was befuddled by the handicap shower--which was just part of the bathroom, so that water went EVERYWHERE--but it was kind of a novelty, and putting lots of towels on the floor solved that problem).
Negatives: I could have sworn there was a room service option (and the phone even has a button for "in room dining." But no, there's no room service--no food on the premises at all except for the free (acceptable, standard hotel fare) breakfast. There aren't even vending machines for soda pop or snacks. So that was a surprise. So was the heated saltwater pool, which looks lovely in the photos but is the size of a large bathtub (I never saw anyone in it). The room, as I say, was comfy and quiet--but not pretty/funky as shown in the photos.
All in all, it was fine--more than adequate. Would I stay here again? Maybe not. But I'm not sorry I did, this once.The nice thing about this hotel is that it looks exactly like its photos. Major plus. Contemporary, tropic feeling. The indoor bar is sexy. Plush seating, nice bathrooms. We reserved the double deluxe suite. Nice big comfy. REPEAT: Looks like the photos!
For the most part, the staff is friendly and my favorite concierge by far is BARON. Ask for him before anyone else if you enjoy less passive resistance. Also, the front desk person on his cell phone when you just took a sweaty cab ride to a promised early check-in ( that you actually did not get fulfilled) is an irritant when jet-lagged. You will know who this is right away. I repeat: Ask for BARON. 
Continental breakfast includes whole fruits, and not the chopped up stuff that I am used to with melons and strawberries. They serve apples, oranges, and bananas with bacon, sausage, breads, muffins, tea, coffee, juice.
The salt pool is a dream. HEATED as in jacuzzi temps. I loved spending many laps in there with the peacefulness of the courtyard away from the noise around the corner on the famous Bourbon Street. Baron brings you towels if he sees that you need them. Loved it! The hotel bar doesn't open until 3PM, so if you are thirsty, stock your room fridge or wander around with the other early drinkers in the French Quarter. Bring your drinks back to the pool. :-) 
Travel: Close to everything! Can walk, horse buggie, or Street Car to everything including other districts of New Orleans outside the French Quarter.
Free WiFi: IT SUCKS. REALLY REALLY SUCKS. That's all I have to say about that. 
Room Food Service: None. But I was okay with that, considering there is food and drinks everywhere in the Quarter. Grab extra juices and water during breakfast. 
Business Service: Eh. No stamps either. Luckily we found a post office not too far away. And luckily I was not here on a work ticket. 
Overall, I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely come back. It's close enough to all the debauchery when wanted, and private enough when you want to get a good quiet night's sleep. And the air conditioning is like a meat locker, which is awesome during the hot sticky humid days down in N'Awlins. For the price, I am satisfied with what I got. Just wish they would fix this crappy WiFi so I wouldn't have to write my hotel review via my AT&T data plan.Walls super thin. Requested courtyard view and away from elevators since many reviews mentioned that. The request was honored.
Pool area really nice.
Room clean.
Bad thing so far (we're on night 2 of 3 nights) is that we can hear the neighbors. They're not partying but thin walls are the issue.Love this gem of a hotel, tucked right around the corner of Bourbon St. In the French Quarter. It is so quiet! And with modern decor and smaller in size, it is an excellent place to stay. The staff is super friendly and helpful. They have free wi-fi and a continental breakfast every morning. The rooms and pool are on the smaller side  but everything seems new and beautifully designed. I love the shower and huge flat screen tv in the room.  Also, great security. Pretty sure the front desk staff know everybody staying here and don't allow random people to wander in and out of the building.  I will definitely stay here again the next time I am in NOLA.I love the employees and service.  Everything they did was with a smile.  Room was clean and bed very comfortable.  If you are a light sleeper do NOT get a balcony room.   I was up from like 3am till 6:30 am due to a birthday girl that was partying and screaming to everyone that it was birthday and refused to go back to her hotel !!!Cute little boutique hotel, updated in 2009 -it boasts clean lines and modern furnishings.  Let me emphasize the cute little:  ceilings are low, corridors are narrow, rooms are tiny, showers are shoulder width.  But hey, it adds to the genuine French quarter feel. The wait for one elevator might take longer than a trek up the stairs.  Quality and location, not size, set this place apart. 
Almost all bases are covered with the complimentary breakfast, although I was half hoping they would have a soy/almond milk, it was plenty of food to get me rolling for the day.
Only item I found missing throughout the hotel were recycling containers.  Perhaps this alone would add a star.I had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for a few days before Thanksgiving break this year and was impressed with the property as well as the service. Great location - bang in the middle of the French Quarter, neighboring Bourbon St, and walking distance to most attractions the city offers. Parking is valet and paid but that is expected in the area. The staff were the most courteous - be it the reception or the bar. Unfortunately they do not have a full service restaurant onsite but they do serve a simple breakfast and the staff there were real nice as well. The decor and interiors here are very different from any of the chain hotels. My room was comfortably furnished, on one of the higher floors and overlooking the saltwater pool/outdoor bar area, which, by the way, is very convenient for entertaining any friends that visit. I have stayed in many hotels and must say special mention to the iron boxes provided in the rooms. I've had disastrous results with steam irons on other properties but this one here worked great. Overall, a great location, lovely service, fantastic amenities, would love to go back again, and highly recommend your next stay here if you are considering a convenient hotel.Had a great room here for the Sugar bowl.  Staff was great friendly and helpful.  Close to Everything yet quiet at night when it was time to crash.Wonderful location, a clean room, quiet, even middle of Bourbon street. I like this hotel so much. Walking distance to everywhere. I'm glad I stayed here because I didn't want to stay somewhere that is smelly or musty. Breakfast's grits were awesome!!!!! I had that every morning!!!!This hotel is less than a block from Bourbon but once you enter it you wouldn't know that.   The lobby is quaint but well appointed.   The staff is friendly and the room are much larger than anticipated.   The free breakfast and heated salt water pool are great.   There are only 64 rooms total in this hotel so the noise is at a minimum. 
Give it a shot,  you will love it.If you are looking to stay in the heart of the quarter but not on bourbon street, this is a great location. First let me say the staff are amazing and really attentive.  One draw back if you are near the stairwell when the door slams shut it is really loud.  The breakfast was great.  I would stay here again but try to not stay near the stairwell.4.5 stars.
I really liked staying in this hotel. The noise level was minimal, the location was fantastic and the hotel is beautiful.  Also, the customer service was phenomena! From my last minute spazz when I called them freaking out that we might need an early check in, to the goodbye and invitation to return; they could not have been any sweeter! They also provided a nice breakfast, it is more than the coffee and bagels/dried cereal I have come to expect when I hear the term "continental".  
Lastly, the hotel bar was great and the pool is a lovely touch. 
My only issue was with the bed, the mattress was on it's last leg and as such I did not sleep very well during our stay. 
By night 4 I was very much looking forward to my own bed.  I'm sure that's not the case in all the rooms though, but it bears mentioning since that's the only thing keeping this from a 5 star stay.Conveniently located with many things to see, world class delicious things to eat and do within short walking distance. Rooms were very clean with comfortable beds, nice showers, decent bath products and relatively quiet. On the modern side, so not for those who want really french quarter flavor in their lodgings.  We had only positive interactions with the staff and housekeeping. Continental breakfast had eggs and bacon, otherwise pretty standard. We would stay again.Super Hotel !!
Bien situé et avec un super accueil 
Petit déjeuner simple mais bon, chambre sympa et personnel très souriant !!
Chambre prêtes très tôt à 9h00 du matin du jamais vu ;)
Merci pour toutIf i could give negative stars, i'd give this a negative 5 stars. this was the absolute worst place i've ever stayed. 
when we first arrived we were given the crappiest instructions on getting to the parking garage. Had i not gone to college in new orleans, i don't know that i ever would have found it. then, upon check in we were given someone else's room. we were given the keys to a room that already had luggage in it. followed then by a room with a tiny tiny double bed, after i had requested a king. finally we were given a somewhat acceptable room (that had no iron and was disgustingly dirty and had throw up on the bed sham). 
At some point the next day, the air conditioner broke. Instead of informing us and possibly giving us fans or the option to change hotels, we were told there was nothing they could do and it was supposed to be fixed the next day. A dirty hotel room in new orleans in june without air conditioning is as close to hell as i hope to ever get. 
the coke machine puts out cokes that are so hot they hurt to hold. the elevator is from 1931 at least and the people that work there are perhaps the rudest people on the planet. 
yeah, the location is ok, but i wouldn't stay there again if they paid me to. 
oh, and don't forget the added fees at the end. and i just checked my bank account and they charged me $75 dollars more than my bill. Supposedly i'll get it back in a week.Loved, Loved, Loved our stay at Hotel Le Marais!
We have never been to New Orleans, but upon arrival, had a super quick and easy check in with Pierre. He even had the room ready for us a little before 3pm! 
The hotel itself is right off of Bourbon St. on Conti! It's a hidden gem and very modern.
We were surprised by how upscale the room was! The bed was SUPER comfy! We weren't even bothered by the noise coming from Bourbon St. or the hallway (although you could hear some rowdy guests here and there.)
Other things we loved:
-Breakfast was complimentary and it was DELICIOUS! 
-Showers were clean and had warm water.
-Two free drink tix upon arrival at their bar Vive! We returned for drinks often because they were yummy.
-The bartender Olga was sweet and even brought us drinks outside while we were hanging in the pool.
-The pool was open longer on weekends, which was awesome. 
-The staff was also super friendly- a few of them even gave us recommendations of where to go and eat, which was a plus!Wonderful location in the French Quarter. Away from the Bourbon Street noise, but walking distance to all that Bourbon Street fun as well as the River Walk and the delicious Cafe Du Monde. Courteous, polite, and professional staff - especially Pierre and Irma at the front desk, they were informative and amazing! Our room was so clean and looked out into the pretty courtyard. The decor looks pretty modern, so there have been renovations since some previous negative comments made. Free continental breakfast, salt water pool, 2 free drinks, nice workout room, and free wifii. Definitely would go back to this hotel!Great boutique hotel. Right off Bourbon Street. Staff is friendly. Rooms are nice. Quite a surprise for the French Quarter.Loved staying here. Nice room, awesome location (between Royal/Bourbon), and great people working here. The 'saltwater pool' is nice and warm (maybe not as great during summer), but so relaxing after walking around the quarter.This place is great. The atmosphere is very welcoming and modern. The courtyard area is very relaxing. Great place to sit with a drink and relax. 
The rooms are always clean and the staff helpful and friendly. For us this is the place to stay in the French quarter. It is within walking if everything but once you are in the hotel you feel like you are in a quiet relaxing hotel away.I stayed here last Saturday. This place is great!
The location could not be better. It is about 100 feet off of Bourbon Street on Conti. It is a short walk from Jackson Square.
The rooms are luxurious and comfortable.
The staff is friendly and helpful.
The continental breakfast is a little more than that. It included eggs, bacon, sausage, and the standard fixings.
The only thing that I can say that is negative is the elevator is a little slow.I did not actually stay here but my Mother and Friends and family did for my wedding. 
We had a meet and greet in the bar lounge area which had a huge turnout. I also got dressed in my mother's room so we could take pictures on the balcony for my wedding. everyone at this hotel was extremely accommodating. When I came to visit my mother they were very friendly! almost like family. Like everyone there knew who you were and was excited to see you. 
The rooms are beautiful. A bit on the small side but clean and orderly. Have safe place is on the quarter that are more boutique style and the rooms just don't have the same sort of freshness that the rooms do here. 
They allowed us to take pictures in the courtyard.Great boutique hotel in NOLA. Just visited for my birthday / Labor Day weekend. Everyone here is super friendly. Cute freshwater pool in the courtyard. We got the romantic package which includes among other things, a $100 gift card for Arnaud's restaurant around the corner. Amazing food and friendly service.Very happy with the room; the staff and the amenities available.  Cute, quaint place in an awesome location in the Quarter.  Rooms were quiet, but only a few steps away from Bourbon Street.  They had a decent breakfast each morning and the staff were very friendly.  I'd stay there again for sure.Stayed at Le Marais last Thursday to Sunday...  It was one of the best hotel stays I've ever had...  A magical oasis from the bustle and craziness of Bourbon street. The public spaces were very clean, bright, inviting and comfortable.  The rooms were also clean and super quiet. We were even next to the ice machine and I never remember hearing it during our 3 nights.  Also thrilled that I had an iron that actually worked well!  (Been problem for me lately at hotels)... The housekeeping service folks were super polite, prompt and thorough. Pierre at the front desk was courteous, helpful, friendly and so much fun to banter with.  He also never steered us wrong with recommendations and suggestions on food, nightlife and directions to places.  
Our favorite part of the experience was the pool... we'd sit, dip our feet in and enjoy some drinks from the "Vive" bar just inside.  Our bartender for most of the experience was Olga.  She was sweet, kind, professional, attentive and did an excellent job of keeping our drinks full and even coming outside to check on us and bring us our beverages.  She too was very knowledgable of the local attractions & food and just a  great all-around conversationalist.  It is apparent that the staff takes great pride in their work and their hotel. Being a boutique hotel, you'll pay commensurately, but absolutely fair and worth every penny.  In all... My girlfriend and I didn't want to leave and we are already talking about coming back.  Thanks so much for a wonderful hotel experience!Place is clean and trendy. Staff was friendly. Good location. However, I am not sure whether or not I will stay here next year only because you can hear everything in the next rooms. Conversations, coughing, you name it. Plus the music on Bourbon Street that goes until 4 AM. Unfortunately my room was close to the linen closet, so I heard that being slammed starting at 8 AM. Also wished that we had more than one small towel rack that was placed over the faucet. Shower didn't drain well, although I did enjoy the showerhead and water pressure.Great experience. Location was good, breakfast in the morning was nice but could have used some variety from day to day. Staff was great but when we came to check in our room wasn't ready for 3 or 4 hours and after traveling all day it was a little annoying. Other than that we enjoyed out stay and loved the pool. I would recommend this hotel for sure. Stay with confidence. I feel like their flaws are temporary as they're still getting some renovations in order.This hotel follows through where many others try and fail. Hotel Le Merais gives off a modern, chic vibe and it executes on all the details - from the interactive touch screen guide in the lobby to the lit bar to all the decor (tiled shower, lighted room numbers, fancy furniture, etc). I would compare it to a Kimpton. We got the romance package which included chocolate covered strawberries and champagne. The champagne was cava which was a great surprise and the strawberries were delicious. Special thanks to Pierre who was very helpful and accommodating!Love this modern twist on the boutique hotel experience! Right between Bourbon and Royal at Conti, sits this little gem! Checking in and out were both painless, the rooms are lovely, beds comfy, air conditioning quiet and cold and the hot water (a commodity in the french quarter older boutique hotels) was plentiful! Loved the complimentary drink at check in, 2 complimentary bottles of water each day, bar, pool area, included wi fi and breakfast (bacon, eggs, GRITS, cereals, breads and juices) every morning. 
I even loved the shower! The patrons who complained of getting water all over the bathroom floor just need to aim the shower head near the front of the  shower...   
 Cons: employee Mike
My car wasnt valet parked upon check in as it should have been and my car was towed! When I tried to discuss this with Mike, he blamed me! "Well, we didnt know if you decided to park it somewhere else," he said... Mind you, parking is expensive in the FQ, like $40 per night and my hotel package INCLUDED valet parking so why on earth would I decide to park elsewhere? Mike also held up a form and said, "You didn't fill one of these out." Well Mike, since that was my first time seeing that form, I hadnt.... but your staff should have given me the form to fill out no? Mike also told me that their valet would not have instructed me to park where I did... When I told Mike that an employee DID instruct me to park there, Mike asked me to describe that employee. After I gave Mike the description, Mike said. "Oh, he's not a valet." What a discussion! Eventually, Mike did get me a cab so that I could get to the tow lot and get my car. It was midnight and costs $205 to get my car back. 
I was a bit irritated my first night at this hotel (I usually stay at the Royal Sonesta across the street) and was really regretting my choice of hotels but the next morning, LYNDON came to my room and the first words that he said to me were, "I'm so sorry!" Thank you Lyndon! Lyndon assured me that he would take care of me and he did. I was able to enjoy the rest of my stay at Hotel Le Marais.This place has undergone a MASSIVE, much-needed renovation.  I highly recommend.  Everything looks new, chic and modern.  
Memorable features:
1. The softness, awesomeness of the bed.   I melted into it.  Was I really drunk?  Yes, but it was nice.  I noticed it even half-sober (Is there such a state of being?)
2. Location, location, location.  Conti is perpendicular to Bourbon street in the French Quarter.  Perfect placement as we were in the middle of everything, but far enough away to not HEAR everything.  :)
Free complimentary cocktail ticket upon check-in.  Hell yeah!
3. Fantabulous receptionist named Tania.  She rocked.  
4. Massive flat-panel LG TV.
5. Cute bathroom
6. Excellent service.  
Get it together, people.  Go to their website.  It's a whole new hotel.  It's amazing what a renovation can do.  :DOur stay at the Hotel Le Marais was Outstanding. All the staff, including room service, were polite & courteous, making our trip that much better. Everything from our room, to the lobby, bar and pool area were very well maintained. When traveling back to New Orleans this is the place I will continue to stay. Thank you for the superb experience.Excellent location, good value with a special online rate, great workout room, sweet pool, small but well appointed room. No tub but nice big slate shower.Very clean hotel with very friendly staff.  My only complaint is that during my visit, the bar never seemed to be open while I was awake/not checking out the dive bars.  
The hotel has a more modern feel that other NOLA hotels I've stayed at.  Walking into the lobby felt almost like walking into a club with the blue and pink lights.  It was a quiet hotel for the most part and I'd definitely go back.Amazing! Describes the hotel, the staff, the ambiance. The only reason I didn't put 5 stars is because our view wasn't the best and the bathroom door didn't close. So worth staying here though. Having a few beers while soaking in the heated pool in 50° weather just off of Bourbon is perfect!Upon our arrival to New Orleans, our first hotel was a complete mess. We looked up this hotel on yelp and read literally all of the reviews. We called and there was a room available! The hotel is located not even a block from bourbon street. (Super close!). Inside, we were greeted by happy, friendly, front desk personal. His name was Pierre and he was absolutely amazing! Check in was super speedy. There's also parking in their garage across the street. Our room was clean, smelt great, it was spacey and the bathroom was clean and nice. We were also given complementary drinks at the bar down stairs. Check out was speedy as well, and one of their employees helped loaded our suitcases in our car. Literally, the best hotel to stay in!! They also aren't on the list for bed bugs, which is a nice piece of mind. I can't wait for my next visit to New Orleans, this is always be my choice for lodging.The hotel was a great choice to wait out the power outages in the city after Hurricane Isaac.  The king size bed was super comfy, as were the pillows.  The TV was positioned very nicely, and the decor was modern without feeling cold.  We will definitely stay here again, or have family stay here when they come into town!  Thanks for making our non-electricity days into a mini-vacation!The staff is excellent, the rooms are very clean, and it's a very nice setting. I highly recommend this hotel besides the fact that it's a street from bourbon street which can get pretty crazy at night but it's highly secure as you need keycards to get inThis is a great hotel. Immaculately clean, fresh and well maintained. The service was prompt, cheerful and very helpful throughout our stay. Our room was very very quiet (even when a parade went by) and comfortable. Excellent location in the French Quarter a comfortable walk to most places you'd want to go to and a short walk Canal street grab a streetcar to other locations. Definitely will come back!Amazing service! I had a great experience staying at this hotel recently.  Every single member of the staff was attentive and very helpful.  The hotel is a block away from Bourbon St., which is convenient, but it makes for loud nights/mornings on the weekends, if you're facing the street (hence the 4 out of 5 stars).  
The complimentary breakfast everyday was really nice, loved the ambiance, but the amazing service is why I would definitely stay there again. :)Spent 5 nights here for my 40th birthday last August. After spending a lot of time deciding between this property and the Hotel Mazarin (one of their sister properties), I finally settled on the Le Marais because I got a great rate on a double queen with balcony. This property did not disappoint. I was initially concerned about the proximity to Bourbon Street - it's only 1/2 a block away - but the debauchery felt very far away upon entering the property. Our balcony room was on the second floor facing Conti Street. My sister had a lot of fun talking to our neighbors at the Royal Sonesta while they were out on their balcony. Here's a breakdown of the pros and cons, starting with the PROS:
- Proximity to everything in the French Quarter that I wanted to check out
-Courteous staff
-Modern decor, in the lobby as well as the room
-Clean, well-maintained property
-Free wi-fi 
-Complimentary drink at the on-site bar
-Complimentary breakfast every day
-Spa water in the bar area. This was a welcome treat upon coming in from the heat & humidity every day
-Quiet room. Even though our room was right across from the elevator and adjacent to the stairwell, we never experienced any problems with noise. 
-The property felt very secure. We had to use our room keys to access the main entrance after hours and the elevator at all times 
CONS:
-One small elevator on the property. Since we were on the 2nd floor, this wasn't a big deal at all. 
-SLOW wi-fi. For me it was just a small annoyance, far from a deal-breaker
-While I love that the shower had a door (hotel shower curtains creep me out), the design of the shower made it impossible to not get a lot of water on the floor outside of the shower stall
-A little variety in the breakfast selection would have been nice. We were there Sunday through Friday, so it got a little tiresome after a few days. However, it's included in the room rate, so this wasn't a deal-breaker. Besides, the Cafe Beignet on Royal street is a very short walk away. 
As you can see, the pros far outweigh the cons; I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. I forgot to mention in my pros that the Hotel Le Marais is also very close to the Erin Rose Bar, home of Killer Po Boys :)
I'm returning to my beloved NOLA next week and this time will be staying at the Hotel Mazarin (better rates this time around). I will try not to wait 5 months to post my review :)This hotel is awesome! They have 24 hour concierge, a full hot breakfast (scrambled eggs, bacon, grits, potatoes, cereal, bagels, pancakes), and the rooms are excellent. Staff is super friendly and accomodating. So glad I came here. 
The location is also very convenient. It is a half block off Bourbon street, close to the action if you want to join, but not at all loud. One of the nicest hotels I've been in.
It is expensive, but there are no additional hidden fees or gotchas.  Everything was clean, pleasant, and very relaxing.Modern and classy boutique hotel. And although our Strange True Tour guide said buildings in the French Quarter were all haunted, we lucked out on obvious creepy stuff here. Our room was on the second floor, very quiet and comfortable. The service is topnotch- people were very nice and easy to talk to. People in New Orleans in general were very nice and had kind hospitality. I enjoyed the courtyard and daily breakfast. This hotel was close to everything, but away enough from the loud, drunken Bourbon St. There were several cafes, restaurants, and shops within the hotel perimeter so we always had stuff to check out. We had parked our car with the valet (located across the stress with Royal Sonesta Hotel- which that service was only so-so because the valet guy did not give us our ticket when we had checked in, he got his tip though), but we really did not have any use for it until we left.   We also tried their hotel lounge called VIVE!- great drinks, cool bartender. 
Food tip: If you stay here, walk across the parking garage onto Bienville St, make a right, and try Restaurant R'evolution (I think it's actually ground floor of Royal Sonesta). They have the best gumbo in all of Nola.  Also, two doors down from the hotel is Oceana Grill- gumbo, poboys, and hurricanes. The Copper Monkey next door opens til 6am- they too have awesome drinks. YUM!My buddies brought me here for my bachelor party. The staff was all great and really accommodating. The bar area was chill and daily breakfast hit the spot. Rooms were clean and the location was great for access to the French quarter bars and restaurants. I'll definitely be back.Clean, comfortable room,  friendly front desk and bell staff. Good location, around the corner from R'evolution, Bourbon Street and all the revelry.  A few blocks from NOLA, K-Paul's, and Jackson Square.  Lovely mini-pool and courtyard. On a quieter street. Rubbery eggs, tasteless and chewy cut fruit, just add water oatmeal is 'free'. Spotty Wi-fi, bring your cell phone because the in-room phones don't always work. Thin walls and doors, loud housekeeping staff, noisy carts rolling in the hall, and thread-bear, thin bath towels.Great stay and no complaints. Wonderful reception area. Always professional and friendly and helpful. 
REALLY comfortable beds, rooms on the smaller side, but no matter. Quiet. Very clean property. Modern marble? bath sans shower curtain. Cool. Loved the pool area, nice heated small pool. Fabulous breakfast each morning til 10:30. Worth every penny. Doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't be fooled.Really really enjoyed our stay here during a long weekend visit! Fantastic location... Between Bourbon and Royal, without any of the noise. Very friendly staff, from front desk to doorman. The hotel offers really nice, simple breakfast, coffee /tea all day and the bartender at vive is very good! Grab a Bloody Mary before you head out! The rooms are clean, well appointed and spacious enough, nothing extreme. The hotel must have been recently renovated or built as it is in a lovely old building but is brand new on the inside! The nice surprise is the small salt water pool and sunny courtyard that offers a place to relax before or after the craziness! 
I'd definitely stay here again and recommend!we had a great stay for a four day NOLA vacation last week. if we went back to the french quarter any time soon we would absolutely stay here again.
great aspects of hotel le marais:
- close to everything, easy walk to it all!
- smaller hotel without a ton of people going in and out
- friendly staff at the front desk and bar
- nice and clean pool area
- good breakfast 
- no hidden costs, what you sign up for you pay in the end
not as great aspects of hotel le marais:
- if you have a room on the street side, it can be loud at night, request an interior room if you are a light sleeper
- occasionally other guests were loud at night as well
- would be great if the pool was heatedStaff rude, a/c didn't work well, too close to Bourbon street (noisy), and room was smaller than expected.This is a really nice small hotel really close to everything.  The beds are huge and comfortable.  The staff is really nice.  I think it's a little pricey, though.  Room service would have made it a perfect 5 stars in my book.This hotel is located around the corner from the heart of bourbon street, which is ideal for experiencing the many things that the French quarter has to offer within a walkable distance. The staff was very pleasant, the complimentary breakfast was decent, and the heated salt water pool and lounge area were great places to relax. My only issue was the cleanliness of the room, which was below standard even for a 3 star hotel. My room was extremely dusty. Every piece of furniture had a thick coating of dust over it. Also, I came across numerous strands of hair, and brown stains on multiple areas of the bed sheets. This completely grossed me out. If cleanliness is important to you, then I would suggest reconsidering the stay here!3.9.2012 Recent reviews look good for this hotel and the name has changed. If ever in the area again, I will have to see what's up~
NEVER AGAIN!!! Worst hotel experience ever!
When I found out what hotel we were staying in, I came straight to Yahoo to read up on some reviews and let me tell you, St. Ann lived up to the rating it received. The AC was out 3 of the 4 days we were there. Need I say more? The Deluxe King is NOT! The carpet was damp and icky! The only good thing about it was Bruce, who was very pleasant and helpful. There were a couple of room attendants that were also helpful. There were couples arguing and the room construction...I will never forget this experience and for all the wrong reasons~ Someone mentioned you would have to be drunk the whole time to stay there~ I was wishing I were~My girlfriend and I spent 3 nights here in mid December, and we loved our experience. First off, you can't beat the location. It's right in the middle of the French Quarter, within a short walk to everything. The front desk staff was super helpful and the room was very clean. And the breakfast was the best complimentary breakfast I've ever had. A great hotel overall!