So so hotel. Room a good size.  Air conditioning not great.  Very busy hotel it seems.  Not far from French quarters. 
Would look at other SPG properties in futureI stayed at the W Hotel during my visit to New Orleans for Mardi Gras.. The location was great, walking distance to French Quarter and River Walk. The room was simple and clean, with a comfortable king size bed. 
The four stars is for the excellent service we received there. After a horrible time at the airport and a 5 hour taxi cab ride through a storm without our luggage, all we wanted to see was a smiling and helpful face. They were great with us, the lady at the front desk gave us a goody bag filled with toiletries.I'm staying here for business because I prefer Starwood and we get a good rate. Plus I like the more modern look of the W-type hotels. The staff has been very friendly and the rooms nice and clean. I also am more than a little bit in love with the Bliss toiletries....The desk is big - great for the business traveler, and the bed is very comfortable.
I just wish the damn wireless would work. I can't get it to connect and when I finally do - it drops me. I've tried to watch NetFlix Instantly over the LAN line and even that is terribly slow. If it were free, maybe I wouldn't complain, but seriously, why pay 14.95 for non-existent wireless and slow LAN connections? I expect more from a nice hotel like this, especially one that has a lot of business travel.A perfect New Orleans hotel.  The room is a nice size, they have a mounted plasma, a full mini bar, and 24 hour room service.  
Although, I was a bit hesitant about staying outside the quarter, but now I'm sold on this space.  There was no outside noise, car alarms, sirens, or drunk people outside your window.  
The hotel staff was inviting and always helpful with whatever, whenever - literally!  
The bed was absolutely heavenly!  And most importantly, the cleaning people never once woke us up at an insane hour to clean the room.  
Going forward, no more rooms in the Quarter!  From now on, I'll be staying at the W Hotel on Poydras.I had a great stay at the W New Orleans!
Before even arriving, customer service was working wonders. I had a scheduling conflict on my check in date, and the shifted my reservation to begin the next day free of charge!
When we actually arrived, at least four people greeted and assisted us with baggage and check in! It was amazing service! 
The room was great and very clean. 
We could not have asked for a better location. The hotel is within walking distance or a short cab ride of all the hot spots!
My only complaint was one unprofessional employee at the pool, and the high prices of the mini bar selections (this is to be expected though). 
Overall, we had a great stay!I love the w and they are pet friendly even with my 3 dogs - always great service no matter what city I am in. The area of this hotel is quieter than the one in the French Quarter. The hotel is about a 8 minute walk to the quarter and it's a nice walk.My first experience at a W hotel, staying six nights ostensibly for business with nightly expeditions for local fare and libations.  I've known this hotel chain by reputation, and by look at least, it was every bit as expected.  Relentlessly contemporary, the decor is sophistication veering dangerously close to tacky.  Saved a bit by a sense of fun (e.g., the "Good Morning" and "Good Evening" mats that greet you when you enter the elevators, changed twice daily apparently).
From the street, you pass through a glowing white portal with a single Red "W" on it, looking suspiciously like a transplant from a sci-fi film.  Concierge and check-in as soon as you walk in, excellent and attentive service all around, consistent throughout the stay.  The rest of the first level is to the left, where there are two computer terminals (pay to use, probably free to print boarding passes but did not do it here), a bar area, and their Living Room, with multiple seating and table choices.  Across from this are the huge doors to the in-house whiskey bar, Whiskey Blue.  Did not patronize but on several occasions passing through the side street exit by here, spied a sleek-looking bar.
I stayed in a King room.  Very spacious room, with chaise and large desk; no vanity but space in the nightstands.  Good quality bedsheets and comfortable bed.  Gigantic mirror angled against the wall by the bed; it looked awkward but sufficient space to make use of.  Most of the room furniture besides the bed need an update; not high quality make.  Unlike the garish colors sometimes on display elsewhere in the hotel, this room was subdued, in dark grey, mustard, and white.  Bathroom likewise very roomy, lots of counter space, all amenities available, Bliss products, in cool white, black, and grey; tub shower and wobbly fixtures can use an update, also needs a vent.  Very quiet in the room.
Wifi is a paid-for amenity.  They offer free wifi in their Living Room area but that, unfortunately, didn't work during the days I was there.  Free coffee offered at their second floor restaurant Zoe in the mornings.
The W's location was perfect for me.  Although walking to the NOLA convention center is a bit of a hike, its still a very walkable 20 minutes.  Likewise, it is less than 10 minutes to walk to the border of the French Quarter, at Canal St.  In a quiet area, no clubs or bars nearby with late night crowds.  And quiet despite sitting between the famous Mother's restaurant and the Harrah's casino, albeit a side entrance.  If you come back late, it will be relatively quiet on the streets; although I never felt unsafe, I didn't linger either.
Overall, it was a solid stay, with highlights being the very comfortable bed, excellent location for what I was in town for, and great service.  Rating held down by room rates that don't match the overall quality of the room, with no free wifi in their communal area as advertised.  I liked the fun vibe, but can live without paying a premium for it.Stayed here with 5 friends on my recent trip to New Orleans.
Our relationship with this hotel started off on the wrong foot for sure. On the night we arrived in NOLA, the hotel overbooked and we were shipped off for a (complimentary) night's stay at a hotel on St. Charles Ave near the Garden District (read: FAR OUT). STRIKE 1!
The checkout at that hotel was at 10am, and checkout at the W was at noon. We arrived at the W at 11, and obviously our rooms weren't ready. (STRIKE 2!) However, we were treated to complimentary brunch in the Zoe restaurant.
After we finished our (lackluster) complimentary brunch, I was eager to get into our room because I had been up all night puking from FOOD POISONING from the previous night's dinner. I felt like hell. I tried to make myself comfortable on one of the trendy couches, nestled in my friend's leather coat, but I kept having to get up and run to the second floor bathroom. All I wanted was a bed and a toilet to hang my head over if need be!!!!!!! The room still wasn't ready. In fact, it wasn't ready for THREE MORE HOURS! (STRIKE 3!!!!!!!) At 3pm, one of our two rooms was ready. I staggered into the bed and passed out. I was being a pretty damn big baby about all of this, so they brought me some plain starchy food and a few bottles of Fiji on the house to ease my stomach troubles. And that was just the beginning.
Despite the VERY rocky start, the hotel staff ensured that the rest of our stay was pleasant and another one of our nights was taken off the bill. Our rooms were upgraded to two VERY nice suites with a king sized bed and two couches and we had no more issues. Until the last day when the toilet in one of the rooms overflowed like crazy and soaked the carpet in a good portion of the room. It was gross. 
This is a lovely hotel, trendy, with beautiful rooms. Even though the experience turned out great in the end, I can't award more than three stars because of the first two nights' fiasco.This place needs a GBU review, so here goes: 
The Good:  
The staff here is wonderful.  As with the W brand, we really tested the Whatever Whenever service and they delivered.  We wanted some tunes while we were getting ready and needed an iPod dock.  They were out, but on of the staff members let us use his own personal one that he happened to have in his car.  The location works well.  It's not in the French Quarter, but you can walk or take their car service.  It's also across the street from Harrah's.  The rate was much lower than other W properties (including the other W in the French Quarter).  The common gym, pool, and other common areas are well kept and accessible.  
The Bad:  
If you're accustomed to the W brand, this place will likely disappoint.  The bathrooms are far from luxurious and really need an upgrade.  I mean, it was functional and served the purpose, but considering the brand, I expect more than that.  The standard rooms are small, even a little cramped.  One of the first things I do when I check into a hotel room is check to see if there is lipstick on the glasses.  Unfortunately, the W did not pass the test.  
The Ugly:  
Tripping up the stairs.I stayed here a week about a year ago for a convention for work. The convention was actually at "Lowes" directly across the street, but being loyal to Starwood, I stayed here. 
Although the location isn't as desirable as the "W" French Quarter, it is a much nicer hotel than its French Quarter Counterpart. Nice lobby, a few bars.... Nice place. 
As an added bonus, it is directly across the street from "Mothers" a great place to grab some food when the lines aren't' too long. 
My first room was "average". Nothing special about it... although it did have a nice view of the city. After a few days they upgraded me to a 2 bedroom suite. The Suite didn't have a nice view, but it was still appreciated. 
At the time, they had some kind of deal going with Lexus and offered free rides within 3 miles of the hotel. I took advantage of that a few times... A nice feature. 
If you are visiting NOLA and would rather stay at a nicer hotel if you don't mind an extra 5 minute walk, I would recommend the W on Poydras.Although. Am not updating my number of stars I will commend them for responding to my email.  I wanted them to know about my visit and what I saw.  They took it very seriously and sent me a thank you email and a nights stay.The rooms are average but the great customer service is why I give the W New Orleans 4 stars : ) I especially appreciated the advice from Crystal, Toni, Ruth and Hayward. They offered some great suggestions, extra time going over the map, and gust general friendliness : ) I may try the French Quarter hotel next time but the this location is certainly close to everything you need...Love this trendy hotel with a great location. 
The only complaint I have is every time we were walking in or valeting the car they kept asking if we were checking out...made me get a complex like maybe there was a reason they were asking us that. The wait for car was a bit much but besides all that super clean sheek hotel. Nice roof top pool on the 4th floor and the gym was SUPER nice and large compared to most all hotels....you can totally get a complete workout here. 
I love the flavored water!!The rooms were reasonably large, the bed decent, the staff friendly and helpful. But this place needs renovating. It looks worn out with chipped paint, worn rugs, grungy bathrooms.One of the nicer W hotels we've stayed in - more because of what they don't do rather than what's there. Upon entering, you make your way through the automatic door that's a curtain - definitietly different than what you're used to. The folks at the front desk as well as the concierge desk are very helpful and know a good amount about activities in the area.
The standard W lobby, but without the thumping music and lights that bring on seizures. The elevators have mats that are changed throughout the day and always seem to be giving off a delightful scent.
The rooms were the best part about this place. For the first time since we've stay at W's, we didn't find the rooms pretentious, full of chintzy furniture that looked like it was procured from an Ikea sale and overall space that makes a dorm room look big. The decor here was very nice, w/ good size rooms, a nice desk for spreading work out and a bed that was very comfortable.
The location was a few blocks from the French quarter, but far enough away that you escaped the riff raff. Good number of restaurants in the area, some fun shopping and a pretty extensive number of bars - both standard and wine - within a few minutes.  About a 10 minute walk to the Cruise docks and they've got a free shuttle (Acura) that will take you around town.
Overall, a very pleasant W experience and the first one we'll likely go back to. Keep up the good work.I'm a big fan of Starwood hotels and W Hotels in particular. This was a disappointing experience.
Check-in was smooth and the desk clerk was friendly. The parking guys were especially cool - great recommendations for non-touristy jazz joints and could not have been more cordial.
The room was okay, but not quite up to par with other W hotels, especially for the price I paid.
Location for Mardi Gras was phenomenal! Right outside and we were literally able to walk up to the floats to get beads and get a little silly. :-p
Now the bad part. 4 days after check-out, there was an additional $30 charge on my credit card from the W. What was it? Mini-bar. There is no way that housekeeping could have mistook a discarded water bottle or Snickers bar or whatever else was in the minibar in the trash for one of the overpriced snacks from the minibar. I do NOT do hotel minibars and the only thing in the trash were toiletries. Not sure if this was the W being shady or reckless with accounting, but I was quite angry, ESPECIALLY since it had been 4 days after check out this was charged to my credit card. To be completely fair, my friend staying in the room next to mine had no such issue with his stay.
Not to sound like an old fogey, but traveling in the age of identity theft is hard enough. It's especially daunting when things like this happen. I would stay at another Starwood property, but not this W.I haven't stayed here yet but I want to give a review because the sales office, Beth-Anne Grassa to be exact. They have truly gone out of the way to please me prior to my stay. I booked my wedding block here in October. The wedding is Labor Day weekend so I wanted to get an early start on things being a holiday weekend. 
I didn't check yelp or the "Trip" site for reviews prior to booking.... As the day grew nearer I decided to look and see what my fellow yelpers were saying. I was APPALLED and scared. The manager response to comments was ridiculous. I couldn't let my friends and family stay here! Not when they know what the W stands for! So I called in a panic. 
Beth-Anne was awesome! She calmed my fears, and exceeded expectations. The next day I received a list of my reserved guests with a surprise upgrade for my Mom and I. She assured me we would have renovated rooms and would have nice distance from the work, although the majority of the rooms should be done by then, as the rebrand at the end of the year. 
I'm a happy bride to be. I look forward to my stay and my guests enjoying their stay as well! Of course I'll post an update.I went here 6 months ago and I enjoyed my stay. I went again in June 2014 and it has turned out to be terrible.  I know it is switching to a Le Meridien and going to be new in shiny, but the current staff is terrible, except for one desk lady (unfortunately forgot her name).  The staff is apathetic if not plane rude.  They do not help you with anything. The rooms was worn out looking, tons of rust in bathroom (luckily my tetanus shot was up to date), and it was just plain DIRTY!
I have a laundry list of everything that went wrong, but the one that was a kicker was they had really loud construction noise they did not tell me about. When I finally called about it after my splitting headache, they said it would be only 10 more minutes.  They answer the hotel information line with "whatever, whenever", but when I asked for Advil or something, they told me they could not because it was medicine, but they would run up some ear plugs.  They knew my girlfriend was staying with me, but they only brought us one set.  When I called to complain again before it ended, noise was going on still at 6:15 pm, they said it was just being wrapped up (was supposed to end at 6pm).  It went on another 10 minutes.  They then sent up some Abita beer.  It was nice of them, but they sent it without a bottle opener and there was not one in the room. Had to then go downstairs to bar to get it open.  
Will not stay here again.I was expecting this hotel to be like the one in Union Square in NYC, it is in decor but that's about it.  The people are so friendly and nice here. The service was better than any hotel I ever stayed at.Two highlights of our stay at the W are:
Tim - the young valet guy who was a sweetheart.
Kevin - the hard-working bellman who was quick, efficient and friendly.I just love W Hotels.  I have not been to a bad one yet.  As mentioned in many of the other reviews, this W is a bit different than most other W Hotels.  It is a little more bright inside.  There is a lively lounge with plenty of seats, newspapers, magazines and games.  
The rooms are a bit small.  Not tiny, just smallish.  Most W Hotels do have small rooms.  I think the size is maybe 250sf.  The bathroom is small but adequate.  Some people thought the bathroom was small, I thought is was okay.
During the morning, there is a cafe that turns into the Martini Bar at 11am.  There is also complimentary coffee and pastry bites across from the front desk.  The main bar, The Whiskey Blue which is a very popular hang out for guest as well as visitors.  I always love W bars.  The restaurant, although I have not tried it yet, is Zoe but from what I hear, there are too many other better restaurants to be had in the Big Easy!
There is a small pool, too cold to make a dip at this time, but I think it is just bag enough to wet your feet.  The gym, well, I thought it could use some More "flair" but was adequate and had new machines.  It was a decent size for the size of this hotel.
I think this hotel is by far a good choice.  I think i would rather stay in the W French Quarter next time mostly because i love the outdoor courtyard area and has more of a New Orleans flavor to it.  This W is in a good location, only a few minutes walking distance outside the French Quarter.  
As for the Internet, there are about three terminals in the lobby that are free.  In room Internet in $11 plus tax.  Not bad and very quick!I love the W Hotel with their Whenever/Whatever attitude, however it just didnt have the same feel this time around. Maybe its because they were preparing for the Essence crowd for the weekend or maybe its because I wasnt partying this time around (with kids). We had an incredible stay last year at the W French Quarter (stayed there twice), but I couldnt get in this time around so we opted for the very chic Poydras location. The rooms are smallish but trendily decorated with modern TV, colors, plantation shutters, fine linens etc.  This is a great hotel for pleasure, romance, friends etc. Staff is great. Zoe restaurant is solid and Randye Gerber's Whiskey is a great spot on the weekends.Room 807 has an immaculate view of a parking lot. Not very clean. According to wifey-the Bliss products are a thumbs up. Whatever.- Comfortable rooms
- Great A/C control - I got my room down to 64 (which is needed in this city in August)
- Great staff
- Good gym (but poor environmental control)
- Average foodI need to confess something, W New Orleans. I - ahem, we - did something naughty. 
We weren't staying here, but popped in for a martini or two. The bartender (I forget his name) was super coo', as he was a NYC transplant and nursing student, we struck up a great convo. The cocktails were great; I had a chocolate martini, and my sisters elected for the chocolate raspberry martini and another that tasted akin to apple cider. Great whiskey selection too, which the fellas enjoyed. We also partook in a little photo action. Okay, so this is where I must confess something. On our way out, there was a gentleman who approached us, offering hotel car service. "SURE!" How could I *not* turn this down. Hey, we spent at least $50 at the bar. Ain't no harm in a little car ride. So, like the other W Hotels across America, they offer the "Acura Experience," car service provided by the W Hotel staff in an Acura. (My boss actually ended up buying an Acura SUV based on an Acura Experience ride we took in San Francisco.)
Six of us load up in the SUV, we take off, and as he grabs a tablet to write down some notes, he asks ... "So, what's the last name in the room? And what's the room number?"
Errrrrr. Silence in the car. We were all prepared to hop out just as fast as we hopped in, but kept a closed lip. 
Sir, I'm so so so so sooooo sorry, but we didn't know what else to do. We greatly appreciated the ride - and knew to tip you well. Thanks for the ride. Hope we didn't cause you any troubles.I've stayed here three times over three years for business meetings, so I have a bit of an opinion. It's improved during this time--when I first visited in 2008, what was formerly obviously luxe was deteriorating quickly into disrepair. Scuffed paint, non-working room accessories, toilet paper holder falling off the wall. They seem to be fixing these things, which is important when you consider the room rate.
Pros:
- Close to Canal Street, which is great for pick-up shopping and is close to the FedEx Office in the Marriott
- The Travel Gods have blessed the beds and bedding here. Favorite beds on the road at the W, hands down.
- Thermostat: They actually let you turn it down COLD!!! This is huge for me because I don't sleep well in a warm room (esp. with a heavy duvet on the bed). A lot of hotels make it so that you can't go below 65 degrees. I got my room down to 50 and slept like a log. Hot damn & hallelujah.
- Front Desk & Banquet Staff: So so so so nice. I love them. Awesome. Friendly. Helpful. A pleasure to work with for events.
- Complimentary Toiletries: All the hair & body products are Bliss, and they are FANTASTIC. I loved the face wash so much, I actually bought a bottle at Sephora, and I never do that premium cleanser stuff. The shower gel and body butter are also pretty awesome.
- Transport: Not far from the St. Charles Street Car, and easy walking distance to the French Quarter (which is worth visiting on Saturdays to check out all the awesome street performers)
- Good channel selection on the TV. I don't watch much TV at home (no cable) and so like to indulge a little when I'm on the road. BBC America, Food Network, Comedy Central, HBO: I'm a happy camper while I work.
Cons:
- Room Service: Tends to arrive on the cold side; limited menu (but do try the crab & corn bisque)
- Internet: STUPIDLY slow (to the point that I couldn't get all of my work done; some of it involved downloading large files) and crazy expensive, even for a hotel. Seriously, if you're going to charge crazy-high prices, I expect crazy-fast bandwidth, thank you very much.
- The stupid everywhere-is-a-dance-club/lounge-thing that W's have going on. I don't want a hotel that thinks it's hipper than I am. Style is fine. Dance club vibe in the elevator and lobby is just silly. I keep waiting for the Roxbury boys to show up. Granted, the NOLA W is way less obnoxious about this than the San Francisco one.
The WORST thing is the coffee--it's got to be decaf. All the time. I drank the hotel coffee for three days, some days having as many as 6 cups and I didn't once feel it kick in. When you are traveling and working 10-12 hour days, you need some serious coffee. You need coffee that will pick you up, slap your jet lag upside the head, and shake your brain awake so that it can deal with organizing shit. This coffee does not do that. This coffee will sing your poor clouded brain lullabies. Do yourself a favor and brave the casino across the street for Starbucks. Yes, Starbucks.
Overall, it's a great place to stay, especially when someone else is footing the bill.I'll start by saying that I loved the decor of the hotel, the room was relatively big, and the location just outside the French Quarter can't be beat. Unfortunately, there were some major cons that aren't really acceptable for a hotel in this price range. Wifi didn't work at all, the entire time we were there. The wired internet worked, but we had to have the tech guy bring us two ethernet cables, because both the one already in the room, and the first one he brought us were broken. I don't mind paying for internet, but I really expect it to work. Also, our TV only seemed to work on and off throughout our stay. It was fixed once, then worked, then stopped working again. Not a huge deal, since no one goes to New Orleans to watch TV, but I like to have it on in the background as I'm getting ready (plus, my Cardinals one the world series while we were there...luckily our TV was working then!). As others have mentioned, the walls were really thin. The staff was really friendly, but when I go back I think I'll look into some of the other nearby hotels.I was really impressed with my stay at the W on Poydras. The staff was extremely friendly, professional, courteous. The bar was standard W. Classy, fun, and safe from the French Quarter madness. The location was convenient to the Quarter, restaurants, the casino, and public transportation. The room was very nice, spacious, with a very comfy bed, great bathroom products. Great view. If I ever find myself back in New Orleans, I would definitely stay here again.One word: DIRTY. I would never stay here again and would not recommend to anyone. 
PROS: Price; Location; Lobby; Gym; Acura car that saved us in the rain. The location is nice because the district is a bit cleaner and less noisy than the streets in the french quarter. It is close to the casino across the street. Next time I will stay at the Harrahs or the Loews. Both seemed nice. The gym was nice for a hotel gym and the rooftop pool was a nice spot. I have to commend the hotel for saving us when we were stuck in the rain and could not get a cab. We had a flight to catch and it was a life saver. 
CONS: Everything else. We (and others in our group) had to change rooms because of how dirty and smoke smelling the first room was. We are talking stains on the carpet, stains on the duvet, dust on the walls, inches of dust on everything else - corners of carpets, space between bed and nightstand, on the phone, on the bottoms of the drinking cubs, on the tv. It was just gross. The room we were moved to was a little better and I at least felt comfortable if I kept my flip flops on while in the room.  Dirty towels were left on the floor in the hallway overnight. I called to inform the front desk and was told that they would be picked up in the morning.  Cleaning service didn't come until after 3pm when we returned to the room and called. After cleaning, all dirty drinking cups were left in the room. It was pretty shocking for a W hotel.  Corporate should be concerned about the management at this hotel.For location this place would get 5 stars. Across from Harrah's casino, easy to find.
THE BAD:
*Valet service is painfully slow. We would call ahead for our car (15mins) and it would still not be ready. 
*Bathroom had strands of hair all over the floor- EEWWWW!!! I dreaded taking my shoes off to shower. GROSS
*ALOT of wear and tear on the furniture and building.
*Shower made LOUD noises like it was struggling to deliver water. Definitely not relaxing warm bath....speaking of warm...
*NO HOT WATER- we had to shower in lukewarm water!!!! 
THE GOOD:
*Comfy bed
*Cold A/C
*FREE car service- didn't get to use it but loved knowing it was available.
*Location, location, location!
For the price they charge- you expect more- they just failed to deliver.This is my first W experience. While I like the lobby and stuff, i am not the biggest fan of the rooms. It just looks a little run down.  At first the check in was very stressful since it was our 5 year anniversary and the room we wanted wasn't ready. So we came back from dinner (ACME Oyster) and the check in lady said that the room we wanted was still not available and we were stuck with a lower category room.  However, the staff tries to help with our situation and got the room back. I think at the staff there is helpful.
The restaurant there is not too good. It's not the best tasting one while the seating is very nice atmopshereClass A DUMP!!!
Putting a sexy bar and lobby in doesnt take away from the fact that this place is a run down dump.
My room was dirty, as in smeary door jambs and a dirty toilet.
Paint splashes on the floor of the bathroom
Broken leaking faucet in the shower.
I called to get a bottle opener took a full hour. I had to call 4 times.
After I waited half an our (based on the phone call I was on) I called and they said it had only been 10 minutes THEN it took another half hour.Ok, so the location is perfect. The rooms are nice. And there's a great gym, pool, restaurant, and lounge located in the hotel. What more could you ask for?!
Apparently, alot lol I think i'm still trying to understand why some lower end hotels are able to offer you breakfast, water, and such for free but hotels like the W have to nickel and dime you for every single little thing. 
They literally STOCKED the room with drinks and snacks....all a few times what you would regularly pay for them. The refrigerator was FULL of drinks....of course not free...so full that i couldn't put my leftovers in there. 
Complimentary wireless? Of course not.
We never used the free car service they offered because from what I could tell, there's only one car, so you have to call far in advance to reserve it. Not the "15 minutes" that they quote you.
And then lastly, they lost our vehicle. Yep. Well, mixed it up. Labeled our car keys with a number that didn't match our retrieval slip. And when we told them that they brought the wrong vehicle, they kept asserting that WE were wrong as if we couldn't tell the difference between a charcoal Camry and a silver Buick. They finally found it and ultimately comped our valet, but it was poor customer service at the time. 
On my next visit to NOLA, i'll definitely be staying elsewhere.I'm not into staying at fancy overpriced hotels. A Best Western would suit me fine, but my friend insisted that we stay at the W on Poydras.  I am so glad I listened. The hotel itself is very classy and hip. The decor was creative and relaxing.  It even smelled good. 
Centrally located to the French Quarter, Bourbon Street, Museums and the Garden District.
The staff was beyond friendly and helpful. Particularly the floor guys and the concierge Travis Frye. By far the best service I've ever had a hotel. My friend mentioned that we were in town for my birthday and Mr. Frye arranged to have champagne delivered to my room. Absolutely FANTASTIC!
Whenever I go back to New Orleans, I plan to stay at the W on Poydras Street.** Travel Advisory **
This hotel is currently under construction. 
I am in New Orleans for work and unable to change hotels, or I would have today. Be advised that construction starts at approx 9am and lasts until 6pm, and is apparently scheduled to continue until at least November of 2014. The travel coordinator from my office was not notified that the hotel was under construction at any point prior to my arrival at the hotel.
The construction noise is loud enough to make work, conversation, and certainly anything resembling rest impossible in any of the guest rooms of the hotel. If you are looking for a quiet, comfortable hotel in New Orleans, this is certainly not it.I have been to a lot of W hotels for events and the like, but had yet to stay in one as I really like the Westins. But, thought we'd give this a try for one night on our recent trip to New Orleans.
The staff was very friendly and helpful, and that bumped them up a star. 
The room was oddly shaped- with one of those doors that come in at an angle that you'd expect to see at a really crappy hotel in Manhattan or the like. Although they've been polished up nicely, some of the older elements (i.e. popcorn ceiling) remain. 
We had stayed there thinking it'd be a good place to start the trip since the W surely had a good nightlife/club/bar scene. Nope. We were there on a Saturday night and it was completely dead. Trying to make the best of it, we went and had an extraordinarily overpriced cocktail at the Randy Gerber restaurant/bar downstairs.
All in all, kind of blah. Location is ok- a few blocks from the quarter and right in the middle of the CBD.This is easy for me, since I paid the family rates for this room when I stayed back in June. Yes, I live in New Orleans, but my Mr. was just moving into the city, so we got a fancy hotel room for the first few nights that he was here so that we could live it up before moving on to real life...
The room was pretty, very clean and spacious. We had a beautiful view of the streets and river, and the interior was very simple and trendy, and the bed was comfortable. The bathrooms seem to be in need of a little assistance. It wasn't bad, but in need of an upgrade. 
The service was prompt and friendly. At one point, we called room service for some Asprin. When they didn't have any, they ran to the FQ location and found me some- very sweet! 
Made our stay very relaxing and romantic!I just wanted to give a kudos to the entire staff of the W New Orleans. I had an awesome stay from start to finish this past weekend! Special thank yous to Ms. Barbara of the room styling crew & Ms. Madeline of the guest services crew! This hotel is perfect location for all attractions & great eats!!!NEVER STAY HERE. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. THERE ARE MANY OTHER VERY NICE AND ACCOMMODATING HOTELS IN NEW ORLEANS THAT CARE ABOUT THEIR GUESTS. This past weekend (Memorial Day Weekend) we stayed at the W Hotel in New Orleans. We had booked our room on May 12th. We saw before booking that the W was currently under a renovation but when we saw the following notification, we decided it would be okay to book. "We are undergoing a $30 Million transformation through December 2014 as we prepare to unveil the new Le Méridien New Orleans Hotel. We assure you that as our guest, you will not be placed on or directly above/below a floor where renovations are taking place. "   We arrived on Friday at around 4:30 p.m. and were given room 2312. As soon as we stepped off the elevator we could hear a very loud drilling noise. We both looked at each other in surprise and kept walking to our room assuming that the noise would stop. When we entered our room the noise was amplified. The closer I walked to the window the louder the drilling got and the floor was literally vibrating. I immediately called down to the concierge desk and was told that yes, the construction was going on but that it was 2 floors below me. I laughed a bit and asked him if he could hear the drilling. He agreed that yes he could hear it but that everyone was experiencing this. He told us that construction was happening between 10 and 6 and that they would be stopping soon. I asked him for a different room and he told me they were booked. I let him know that if the construction was going to be that loud the next day then we wanted to be moved. He told me ok. At 9:30 a.m. on Saturday the hammering and drilling started again. We picked up the phone and called the concierge desk. Whoever answered the phone had not been trained properly yet on how to lie to guests because he stated that the construction was below us. When the manager was put on the phone she said, NO...the construction is definitely happening on the 21st floor, not the 22nd and that everyone had to listen to this construction. My husband decided to go to the front desk to speak with someone in person. The manager on duty assured him that the construction was not below us and told him that she could give us a $50 credit for Friday night. He let her know that we could not stay in that room and she told him she didn't have another room ready for us "Just Yet". My husband then came back to our room and grabbed his phone. He walked down one flight of stairs and recorded the construction (drilling, hammering, music playing, men laughing and singing) on the 22nd floor. Workers were literally sawing and drilling in the room directly below ours. My husband returned to the manager on duty and asked for her to not lie to his face again. She then had nothing to say other than I'm sorry. After he returned to the drilling, the manager called and gave us an option to stay at the Ritz Carlton for $499 a night or a room on Bourbon Street. The W was not going to pay for the difference at the Ritz and we are far too old to stay on a street like Bourbon for the same amount we are paying to stay at the W. I asked her for another room and she stated that she still did not have one available. I pleaded that she have the construction in the room DIRECTLY BELOW us stopped for at least an hour so that we could get dressed and get out of the room. She told me that she was unable to do that and proceeded to speak in a very condescending voice trying to explain how construction works. We decided to get online and express how we felt to the W's Facebook pages. We received quick responses that told us management had been contacted and was looking into our situation and would be in contact with us soon. We took our showers while the drilling in the bathroom below vibrated everything in the shower and was even vibrating my makeup that sat on the bathroom counter. We fled the room as quickly as we could. WE WERE NEVER CONTACTED AGAIN. On Sunday when we were subjected to the exact same thing we got back online and responded to the previous posts letting them know that their management was liars. 15 minutes later we were contacted by a manager to tell us that they had a different room available. She assured me that construction was only occurring on the top floors and that we wouldn't be bothered now. At 4 p.m. on Sunday the W decided to move us. This was only after they had overbooked their hotel and put us directly above the construction and after we had to complain to various sites that were not even the W New Orleans site.  The room that they transferred us to did not have a working mini fridge, the bathroom was dripping water from the ceiling, and the mirror in the bathroom was broken. And all they want to offer me is a $50 credit for one night (which has yet to post to my account). I will spend a lot of my energy making sure people know how business is being run at the W Hotel.W Hotels have a higher expectation for me than this one delivered.  The only good things were the proximity to the Riverwalk AND French Quarter (if you don't mind a little walk, which with the NOLA food and drinks I don't) and this one really awesome concierge at the Wheels doors.
Let begin on why this is not the greatest experience....the bedroom and bathroom were pretty much less than par.  The bathroom was by far the worst:
- broken glass on the floor (thank goodness I saw it before stepping on it!)
- stained tub
- hair was in the shower and on the floor (which is normal at home, NOT at a hotel)
- house keeping only came once in three days...
Now convenience wise, this was fine, but on cleanly note I should give the hotel 1 star.
I would look for another hotel before I came back to this one.**3.5 stars**
I can't say I don't have a thing for trendy hotels, but I do so I was drawn to try the W chain when I was visiting.  
Not to be confused with the W at French Quarter, the W New Orleans is located a couple blocks outside of French Quarter, at the cross between the Quarter, Downtown/Central Business District and the Warehouse/Arts District.  Not as convenient if you're just focused on Bourbon, but if you want to explore other pockets of town, this location is actually very convenient.  And this place is perfectly located just across the street from Mother's Restaurant :-D
While the hotel itself was well-apportioned, trendy and had the amenities and friendly staff as expected.  This hotel was so trendy there were a lot of words used to describe common hotel areas.  WET for the pool, SWEAT for the gym, LIVING ROOM for the lobby, WHATEVER/WHENEVER for the concierge - you get what I'm illustrating?
This particular hotel, however, seemed like it was something not so great trying to be great.  Services and amenities aside, the bathroom fixtures were old and not as modern as I expected and plaintain shutters are not for trendy rooms.  Nevertheless the rooms were clean and comfortable.  I was a big fan of the iPod docking station, useful for setting my own alarm and for playing some music.  I also like complimentary beverages and green apples available throughout the "living room" areas.
Despite the urban trendy not as fitting to a casual, classic place like NOLA, the W New Orleans is a comfortable place to stay conveniently located near multiple city areas.The common areas of this hotel are beautiful.  The rooms are a little worn though.
The pool area is MUCH smaller than it looks online.  AND we were up there one hot day and there was ZERO wait service.  Someone who had paid $300 for a cabana called down for a cocktail and were told it would be 30 minutes before they could get someone up there so it was best to go to the lobby.  Really, W?
The room was big enough and comfortable, but we had a view of the side of another building.  :(I had to write more after we had finished our stay, I hate reviews that say things ar bad but don't go into specifics why.  Here is mine. 
Traveling a lot as i do you start trying to find good deals. Well, Me and my boyfrIend needed to be in NoLA for 2 days for business. So we looked on priceline to see what we could find. We go to express deals that they are supposedly known for on the site. We click on and purchase the one that says free internet, parking, and breakfast. It reveals after buying it that we are going to be staying at this hotel. It takes us over 6 hours to arrive. When we do it's 3:30am. Ashley who is attending the desk tells us they are not honoring the priceline for this hotel because they don't do that and that the info on there is wrong. Well who is in charge of correcting it??. Because the change of the Name of the hotel is correct, but everything else is not? . . She goes on to say the we have to pay for everything and that there is reconstruction going on (which was not mentioned either) so there is going to be noise going on while they are renovating the floors! I talk to her about what are we suppose to do. . her response: "it's not our fault that the hotel has false info and there's nothing I can do and then adds: What you want to do with your reservation" . She doesn't care. what do I want you to do with your reservation! ? It's 4 am in the morning and I have to be up at 9am. She doesn't care nor is accommodating because of the error on both parties. Valet is 46 a night! ! which is one of the amenities that's suppose to be free! We spend over an hour outside next to our car (because parking can not take it till we pay) with priceline trying to get them to honor what they had in their deal. They tried to play dumb and lie to us. And I had to do everything short of screaming to get the manager on the call to at least take care of the parking. As far as free WiFi and breakfast. They said there was public WiFi in the lobby that's free and breakfast was never free. People aren't paying for the lobby they are paying for their room. 
As our stay continued. I woke up at my early time to at least get some coffee. I was directed from the lobby bar to upstairs dining. But there was no one to be found. I waited over 15 minutes hoping for a waiter or any employee. No one. So I huffed back downstairs. No employees are staying at their directed stations. Nor a manager to check on the floor. Except the bar manager who was loading up for the day. I told her there was no one at all up stairs and she was the one to give me my coffee, finally!! over a half hour taken up just to find someone to do their job! 
Other things. We arrived back in the late afternoon. After my business meeting. And went to the front desk to request for soap and clean towels. they said sure we will be up in a few minutes. Waited over 45 minutes. No one from housekeeping has come up yet. I tried to call downstairs but none of the phones work!! They keep saying charging, but no charge is happening. I figure out how to use the speakerphone to call them and ask. They respond someone will be on their way. Someone one from front desk. Still another 30 minutes. No one. I call one last time and they finally send security to do it?? They do not knock at all supposedly. I waited near the door. They said our "do not disturb sign was up" but then I open the door and the person delivering it hasn't even made it to the door yet. HAHAHa!!! 
Other notes: the TV did not work half the time. Bunch of unable to find channel listed or white noise on most of the channels. Calling front desk does nothing to help. They do not know how to take information and relay it to those who can remedy the problem. 
This staff clearly needs training. 
I did not want to stay here much longer and was happy when we left. This place couldn't even live up the their basic amenities. 
False advisement and really awful Customer service on both parties. If we had known that construction would be going on in the hotel despite these other lies we Wouldn't have paid to stay here. .. awful experience. I do not recommend this place. 
One of the worst hotels I've stayed at overall.PROS:
Location - quiet area but walking distance to attractions/nightlife.
Concierge was fantastic - made great recommendations and remembered us and made sure we were happy with the places he recommended.  Gave us his card so we could call him while we were out and about if we had any questions.
Front Desk staff - very pleasant and helpful.  Assisted us in booking a tour because concierge was not in yet (it was very early). 
Comfortable beds!
Gym - my friend used the gym and said it was clean and well-equipped but not enough AC in the room.  It's just too humid not to have cool air in a gym.   
Cons:
Housekeeping - when we checked into our FIRST room it was clearly not clean.  Hair on the bathroom floor, empty toiletries, water rings on the desk...we were given the option to stay in the room and they would have someone clean it, or move.  We moved.  The second room was clean and comfortable, however, no one cleaned our room the next day and we had to call for clean towels.  Some days the room was squeaky clean, and others it seemed like they just took the dirty towels and tossed some clean ones in there and did nothing else except make the beds.  
Bathroom - small and dated.  Terrible sink design - strange deep, round sink that made a mess even if you were just washing your hands!!!  This is tricky when housekeeping doesn't keep up with giving you clean towels.
Outlets - there was only 1 outlet!!!  It's very inconvenient in an age where you have to charge everything!  At least have a 4-outlet adapter plugged in to the ONE outlet.
Also there was a full-length mirror over in the corner - would be nice to have it near the outlet so you could use a hairdryer there.
Elevators - While I appreciate the security measure I find it annoying to have to use my key to press the button for my floor.
Overall we liked this hotel for it's location and the staff was very friendly and helpful...but would probably not stay here again.  I imagine you could find a hotel just a little nicer for a similar price.This is not one of my favorite W's, but not the worst either.  I stayed here for three nights last week during nye.  THe check-in was easy and every employee I met had a smile and a generallyl friendly attitude.   We used starwood points, so didn't have to pay normal rate for hotel ($300 a night,,, definitely not worth this).  Supposedly we were upgraded to the "spectacular" room, which is an upgrade from standard.  I have to say there was nothing spectacular about this room.  It was tiny, I mean really tiny.  There wasn't even room for a chair or desk,, just bed and tv.  The bathroom was outdated and didn't offer a separate bath from shower as many higher end places do.  The lobby was supposed to be sleek and "sexy", it was kind of minimalist and cheesy,,, and omg the music.  They play this euro techno new wavy awful music on a loop all day long morning noon and night, no change.  It actually gave me a stomach ache in the morning,,, or maybe it was the martini's and oysters, either way I was sick listening to this every day.  The mini-bar is pretty sparse.  The bed is comfy which is really at the end of the day all you should use a room in nola for is sleeping.  The wine bar was overpriced, but again friendly and the whiskey blue bar was okay, but seemed to be trying a bit too hard.  However, the location is good being far enough away from the craziness of bourbon, but not too far that you need to take a taxi.  I would only stay here again if it was on starwood points, but would never choose to spend anything over $150 a day for this hotel when you can get the monteleone for $100 a day.  It probably deserves 2.5 stars overall instead of 2 for the location, comfy bed and hotel staff.  But, I can't seem to overlook the other points I mentioned.I really wasn't impressed with this W hotel. The did offer a complimentary Acura shuttle that would take me any where I wanted/needed to go in the city. The hotel room was really small and it wasn't that clean. I can honestly say that I've stayed at better hotels that cost a lot less money. Maybe it's because it's right across from Harrah's casino. I must admit, I did take advantage of that.Apparently they think if you paint things  black that makes it 'classy'. The hotel is way over priced for the condition of the rooms and the additional costs of $39 a night parking & $7 internet access is ridiculous. You can get free wi-fi at Starbucks! They have no literature or maps regarding attractions and transportation. But the worst was discovering a half drank bottle of something by the mini bar. Thankfully they said we wouldn't be charged for it, but I couldn't help but wonder how well the room was cleaned. Add that to all the other various disappointments, and it means I will not stay here again.If I ever get back to N.O. I want to stay here.
Pro:
Walking distance from The French Quarter and across the Street from Harrah's Casino. 
Staff were exceptional (Especially The Concierge) and rooms were well appointed.
Con;
You have to pay for WiFi -I didn't stay at the W but I did attend an event there so I can only speak to those parts of it.
Lobby: you know how W Hotels are - swanky, modern, "cool" look and design.  Nice bar area and super friendly bartender with a TV behind the bar for sports watching.  BTW they have pretzels to munch on so ask if they forget to give you some.
Upstairs on second level are event rooms.  Our event appeared to be two rooms melded together by removing the wall in between.  Bartenders were friendly and quick, the room was lit just enough to be professional yet not show exactly how drunk your coworkers were, and the appetizers they were handing out were actually pretty damn good.  I thought it was a good event that was put together well.  Good job W!wow.  an entrance can say so many things, and I'm not talking mine.  I walked into this wonderful place, and was immediately feeling relaxed.  very modern, but not overwhelming, just simple.  black, white, red, and some silver, glass, etc.  the rooms are GREAT!  flat screen tv, dvd, desk, very BEACH feel to it all, and just simple.  I love simplicity, it makes me feel comfortable.   
   THE pool.  yes indeed.  love those cabana's with flat screen tvs, and fresh fruit.  sit on the couch, pull the screen shut, change your clothes, lay on the deck, get a tan, lay in the pool, work out, look at the buildings and sky scrapers, get some sun, call for drinks...  love this part of your hotel.  spent some good time there.
   Employee's are all wonderful, and none are overdressed and uncomfortable either.  fresh water in the lobby, with fruit, bar right there, and nice a cool.  I just felt blessed for each moment I was there.  
    You will see more of me.  I am going to recommend you to all my guests from outta town.  
   They take dogs, they provide beds, they provide collars, and fido even has his own menu for room service.  how cool is that?
thanks W..  see you again real soon.Stayed here in last week through a deal I got with my sister. It is a great location, within walking distance of everything. the girl who checked me in was very nice her name was Nicky. I arrived extra early because I had an early flight and my plan was to store my luggage and come back at a later time to check- in but she was able to get my two rooms and it was only 10 am.  
The rooms were clean and well stocked with all the necessities.  The rest of the hotel was very nicely decorated.
I would stay at another W hotel again, I've heard that the W hotels are much more extravagant and this one seemed a little less standard for W hotels. But the price I paid was quite all right for the service and accommodations.This hotel is simply meh. The common areas are beautiful. The guest rooms are tiny. It's like they slapped a couple of coats of high-gloss black paint on everything and called it a "remodel." The staff was exceptionally nice, which is why I bumped the review up from a two-star. The hotel pool is very small and was overrun by drunk people the majority of the day. The workout facility was nice, but was over 80 degrees inside and muggy when I was trying to run. I actually went outside to cool off. A mediocre cocktail from the bar cost me $18. Also, it's 2013. Charging for wifi is absolute crap.My husband and I, spent 3 nights at this hotel.  Since we were traveling from the West Coast, most of our day was on a airplane.  Our reservation was repaid, so we assumed that the room would be reserved regardless of the time we arrived. Since we had a rental car, the valet took care our vehicle and requested a bell man for the luggage.  By the time we got to the front desk it was 11:00pm, the gentleman who waited on us explained that our room was in process of being cleaned.  He suggested that we step to the bar or have a seat in the lobby area. I immediately told him that we had traveled all day and extremely tired.  He excused himself and returned minutes later.  He said, the hotel was completely full, but he had a room for us. He did apologized for the inconvenience and offered us a small credit.  The guy also explained some of the features of the hotel, and shared some info on the Acura Experience. He raved about the experience which amused us, in light that we've owned Acura's for many many years (Legend's, RL, MDX) and currently have two..
We were totally disappointed with the room, I sensed maybe the room had been pull for repair/renovation. There were stains on the Bed (Duvet), velvet Chaise Lounge had stains, Walls with various scuff marks, Bathroom with damage tile and missing Sink Stopper. To add to insult, the front office guy told us this was a upgraded room.
We went back to the front desk and said, the room was not acceptable and we needed to be moved.  We were advised that nothing else was available except a handicap room.  He said, he would request to have us move the next day.
The second room was totally different and it was clear that it had been renovated.  We were very satisfied, however the next day housekeeping didn't service the room. The room was available for cleaning at 1:00pm and we didn't return until 8:30pm. The front desk didn't have explanation for the oversight, and offered to have someone service it at 9:00pm.  We declined, as we needed check out at 5:00am the next morning.
We travel for pleasure about 6-8 times a year, and my husband does a tremendous amount of travel for business (2-4 times monthly, out of town). Generally we stay in Hilton properties, this was a first at a W Hotel.  Our time at the W was very disappointing, we will not stay at another one.So glad we decided to try the W.  Got lucky with a room upgrade through American Express to the WOW Suite.  It was a huge corner room.  Had a sitting area with a couch, two chairs, dinning table, TV, and mini bar.  Then the bedroom with another TV, and the bathroom was huge with a glass shower and big jacuzzi tub.  Not sure how the "standard" rooms are, but this one was perfect.  We could see half of the city!  All of the staff were very patient and helpful.  Great location across from Harah's Casino and a couple of blocks from Canal and Bourbon Street. We had room service from Zoe (only to use up our hotel credit) and the food was pretty good.  Cobb salad, swordfish, crab cakes and flan.  It lived up to the bad reviews When we went down to Zoe for breakfast the next morning.  Two eggs, potatoes, bacon and toast was $17 and tasted very ordinary.  Overall great hotel, especially if you get upgraded, nice staff and within walking distance to a lot of things.  OH, they even have car service that will take you anywhere within 6 miles.  Came in very handy during the rain.Do not stay here with high expectations! The room was dirty, the floor stained and bed side table was sticky. I requested that the room be cleaned thoroughly and was shocked 7 hours later that afternoon, the room was not cleaned. The same thing the next day, I had to call again to request the room be cleaned. There was a short apology for this as well as the malfunction with the safe (twice) and the iPod dock.  Fancy furniture and decor does not replace good service. The have a motto "Whatever, whenever. "  It's more like , "Whaatever....whenever we get around to it." Very disappointing, but the bed was comfortable and the location of the hotel was convenient.I stayed at this location on a Harrah's comp. Upon arrival (this was my first stay at this hotel) I was in awe! What an entrance they have! So serene.... but in a fancy way! I checked in at the front desk, then proceeded to the elevators to go to my room. My room was kind of small for the amount that they charge per night, but it was nice. I like the small touches. They had a bottle of wine with 2 wine glasses hanging on the wall (you have to pay for it of course), they had a mini-bar and they even brought me TWO mini fridge's upon request to keep the food I brought with me cool. The staff is very friendly here. The bar downstairs is very expensive but super chic with a major hipster vibe that they have going on up in there! It's nice to get kind of dressed up and go downstairs for drinks. Overall, I probably wouldn't pay the going rate to stay here, but on a comp I would definitely go again.i had a beautiful room, a nice view of the river, and easy access to the business district and the french quarter.
the staff, for the most part, embraced the whatever/whenever philosophy.
the lobby is gorgeous. there's free wifi and two computers set up in the corner if you didn't bring your own.
the gym, while decently equipped for a hotel gym, was a little too dark for my taste.
awesome beds! i slept pretty well for the most part -- it's amazing that you can still hear the occasional motorcycle drive by from the 22nd floor.Horrible experience at this hotel.  Room service is a joke (the salad was hot, the cheeseburger was cold, and it SSS all late);  the safe in my room didn't work, and the staff is clueless.   I understand that the pace is slower here but this is off the grid.This was my first experience staying at a W Hotel, and I'll admit that I was expecting better.  
The staff here is extremely friendly and it's in a convenient location.  Those are the two things this hotel has going for it.   Unfortunately, everything else about this place ranges from mediocre to pretty terrible:
Elevators: most of the weekend we were there, 2 out of 4 elevators were broken (they all seemed to be working on our 4th & final day there).  We were on one of the elevators and felt a sharp drop and a metal scraping sound just after getting in.  Luckily, we were able to get out and catch another car.  Also, you need to put your key card into the elevator cab to get it to take you to the right floor.  I was sober every time I rode that elevator and frequently had problems getting the cab to work.  Frequently, we rode on the elevators with people who were not so sober, and the key cards were extremely hard for them to get working on that elevator.  Cabs full of drunk or hung over people were frequently shooting up and down the hotel as they tried to get their cards to work.  It was ridiculous.
At first glance, the room was nice, but there were stains on the wall in the bathroom and the fabrics in the main living room were a bit threadbare.  We were missing a shower liner for the first 2 and a half days, and then the maid knocked on the door while we were resting in the afternoon and came in to add the liner while we were still there.  I'm not sure why the liner was missing in the first place.  In general, the room had grime and accumulated dust under the bed and behind the lamps on the side tables - it was kind of gross.
Maybe it's because of us being on the 23rd floor and close to the roof, but our room was NOISY.  There was a constant mechanical sound that eventually just faded into the background (but never went away).  We did have a nice view of downtown New Orleans, though.  
Despite the staff being nice, we would not stay here again.I want to be clear: these two stars are for the brave employees who are suffering through the complaints about construction and inferior rooms and booking confusion and my crazy family. The woman at the counter last night had to listen to drunk dudes complaining that she'd run out of Dasani, that the rooms were not well-appointed, and that his companion (who may or may not have been of the paid variety) couldn't take a bath. I just needed sheets, but was lucky enough to hear the employees being very patient through this spiel. 
But the construction is real, it's transitioning from being a W property, the parking fee is ludicrous, the bathroom was gross, and I would not choose it again. We got a great deal for our reunion, but I'd rather pay more for more (seriously, are clean sheets too much to ask for?). Boo.I'm a preferred member and this is by far the WORST W I've ever stayed at. The vents in the bathroom were full of dust & what looked like mold. The carpet had paint splatter on it. The toilet ran intermittently, I called maintenance who came out & fixed it... NOT. Anyways, the 2 stars is for the staff... they were awesome.
Lastly, there is NO reason to charge an arm & a leg for WI-FI when they're charging so much to stay there already.If the proof in the proverbial hotel pudding is the size of the room, this W would have the inside track over the other (Quarter) location: it's a comparatively sprawling property on Poydras, featuring all of the trappings one might rightly expect from a W Hotel - clean, upscale, often back-lit entrances and rooms, similarly modern and comfortable. 
As I was camped out here in anticipation of an event at nearby Capdeville, the W provided a solid launch pad for resting up before (and after the storm). As you might expect, there's plenty walkable here, and the staff (from those at the counter to the bellmen) were friendly in that NOLA-centric way that never comes off like a put on. I forget about that when I'm not here, and am always glad to recall what I've been missing. 
I did think that it was a little humorous that the room came with a card mentioning (politely, but still) that the hotel was meant to be a quiet, restful place and that they essentially reserved the right to toss you out for partying too loud. Heavens knows what had to happen to make that card necessary. Another successful stay down, I'm sure I'll be back around. Quietly, but with smiles in tow.Great location, just steps from the quarter.  Next to the casino and Mother's restaurant.  
Service was standard excellence for the W. 
Hotel had a musty smell, like a refurbished older hotel.
Rooms were a bit small.  Overall seemed a little less standard for typical W hotels, but we had a great stay.I absolutely loved the Whisky Bar would stay here again just for it.  The room was nice but not the cleanest.  This guy in the lobby name Hayward was very friendly and accomodating. 
Loved the location.Worst W ever. If you expect crisp service, avoid this hotel. Based on our experience today, we have agreed to not book W's in the future.
Our room was not ready, they could give no reason or ETA. We went to the bar and they had one bartender on duty the Saturday before Mardi Gras. What management team thought that was a good idea?
Bell men are the only useful team members.Run down
Dirty bathrooms + carpets 
They don't replace your robes.
1 reception attendee
No concierge at desk 
Thin walls.. Hear everyone going down the hall. Upstairs and side neighbors coming in the middle of the night with ladies of the night....
Gym is humid and slippery + old equipment.
W used to be cool and now just another cheap hotel. 
I guess if you pay under $200, that's what you get...This was a great hotel centrally located to a lot of places I wanted to visit. The time I went was rather warm and humid which didn't serve me too well during my run in the Crescent City Classic.
I stayed for 6 nights and requested a room with a view or a higher level. I didn't get it but it's fine since I figured it was not available seeing how I stayed a long time. (You think they want me to be more satisfied..) Overall, everything was comfortable, I requested I did not want maid service during midstay but my request was obviously ignored. I liked the hotel overall which allowed me to access the pool and gym 24 hours a day. Seeing how I wasn't adjusted nor did I want to adjust to the timezone, I made use of my downtime and spent it there. 
At checkout there was one rather rude front desk agent that assisted me. I felt as if I was looked down upon (I am short but I don't mean it literally!). I admit I wasn't dressed professionally or anything but it was hot, humid, so I just wore swim trunks and a tshirt and he gave me attitude for things I requested. The person who has helped behind me after I left was treated with a lot more respect. I may be quick to judge on this but checkout was not the best experience at this Starwood property.
Aside from the Hotel in general, check out the bar downstairs closer to front desk. For the most part, the bartenders are great people! Natalie was probably my favorite one! She could actually carry a conversation (go figure), not to mention she was pretty attractive as well!
Yes, I would come back here. I think I just had one of the off days due to the check out process.Unfortunately this W hotel just doesn't make the cut. It is unlike any other W hotel I have stayed in. Tired. Dirty. Nothing to give it the "wow" factor that you come to expect from W. 
We checked in for 3 nights. Should have left and gone to the other W or the Sheraton down the street. 
Night 1 was definitely an experience I'd rather not repeat. Bath tub was stained, vents were full of dust and looked like they hadn't been cleaned in a month. Weird chaise in the room was also stained. Called the front desk to ask for extra pillows but there were none available. Next morning went to have a shower and there was no hot water. They sent someone up to fix it, but we had a tour booked and didn't have time to wait-so a cold shower it was. Yuck.
Asked to change rooms and was told at the front desk that this wouldn't be a problem, then dealt with another staff member who challenged me on why we wanted to move. 
Was eventually told that they second room would be an upgrade, but it looked the same to me. 
At least it was cleaner and the hot water worked!I stayed here a couple weeks ago.  The hotel itself is very nice but our group had a couple problems.  We had 3 rooms, I checked in and mine had large water spots near the bed.  Someone else in my party had a dirty bathroom and requested a room change.  The staff was very appologetic but there is no way to change a first impression like that.  The hotel bar on the second floor closed very early and wasn't that impressive. The first floor bar was open later but much more of a club atmosphere.I like W's, and the lobby & location are very good.  I really enjoyed the pool cabana, which had a tv, private phone, and ceiling fan.
But the room, as others have noted, was a little meh.  Not terrible, but not the wow moment when you enter the room.  And we received a fax but no one left us a message or brought it to our room.
The worst thing was the food.  Really, it's a crime how bad it is.  Everything was late.  No one knew how to make ice coffee (!?), the worst grilled cheese I ever had, tasting micro-waved & mushy (and an hour late).  We unfortunately ordered again late night--cookies were store bought & bread tasted like wonder bread.  Seriously, W, get it together in the kitchen!  blech.
But the staff took off half my food bill, and other staff were very helpful & nice.I like this W better than the one in TimesSquare.  The layout is a lot better with good places to hide and more of a big hotel feel.  The lobby bar is perfect to relax after a long day touring all over Nawlins.  You wouldn't know the area was deep in water about 2 years back.  I went last November in 06 and the area was in good shape.  Check out the club-bar but be sure to dress up or else you won't feel welcome.  That means no hoodies and tees, they treat a night out with more sophistication than LA does.
I gave the price range: $$ because you'll get about two drinks for just around $30 bucks if you order specials.Unfortunately, this hotel is in bad need of an update (which was already underway during our stay, and the loud construction noises they were making in the afternoon made it hard to take a nap after our 6-hour drive from Houston). The front desk explained that they'll be turning it into a Le Meridien since the hotel is currently not up to W Hotel standards, and sadly they're right.
Our room (with two queen size beds) was quite small, and the bathroom hadn't been cleaned very well. We had a view of the rooftop pool and the fitness center, but otherwise the amenities were pretty sparse. THEY DON'T EVEN PROVIDE FREE WI-FI!!! 
It's a good location if you're planning on gambling at Harrah's, but only okay if you're planning to get to the French Quarter since it's a longer walk. It's 2 blocks away from Canal Street and the streetcars, but we never used them anyway. There were only a few restaurants of note in the immediate surroundings, like Mother's and maybe Gordon Biersch. The rest were mostly hotel restaurants which I tend to avoid, so definitely plan to walk to Canal Street or to the French Quarter if you want more interesting restaurant choices.
All in all, it's a decent hotel but pretty disappointing if you're expecting it to be like the other W Hotels.This is my 3rd stay at this "W" and I'm sorry to say that this particular hotel no longer lives up to the standard that W is known for.
Checked in and was given an old smoking room - front desk changed it with a smile so no problem there.
The next room had no Internet...! I called "whatever/whenever" and was transferred to an outside company (???) and was placed on hold for 15 min only to be told that the entire hotel was without Internet. It happens, I know, but you would think the Whatever/Whenever guy had been told.
AC was very noisy - it was 39F outside (yes in NOLA) and when addressed to the front desk they said it would get fixed - it didn't.
Bathroom was not clean - "green slime" around the faucet that I could wipe away with a tissue so obviously missed by housekeeping.
Returned to my room at 5:15pm after a long day at a conference wanting to freshen up before a dinner appointment - and (you guessed it) the room had not been cleaned yet. 
Went to the front desk and requested it to be taken care of which they said they would immediately - told them that I would  be in the bar if they could come get me when it was done... And the answer from the receptionist was "oh they don't tell me when it is done, just come back when you want to use your room" (which I already freaking paid for). Again not the response I had expected from the W...
Am I being too picky?  mind you I have spent hundreds of nights in hotel rooms all over the place - but surely this was not expected from a W...!Location was great - easy to get to the French Quarter, close enough to trolley and bus stops but without being in the thick of the crowds. Pool and lobby area were nice and well kept, Bliss bathroom products are great, and staff was friendly and helpful. 
Unfortunately, like the other reviews stated, the building itself is pretty bad.  Rooms are very tight (had trouble opening the door to our room without having to step into the bathroom).  Walls are incredibly thin - could hear our neighbors' entire conversations.  They also played music starting at about 7 am when they were just getting in from gambling all night at the casino (which is right next door).  Our coffee maker was broken, the iron was unusable (old and had sticky stuff all over it) and the hotel still charges for wireless use (there are 2 computers and a printer in the lobby but still have to pay for internet use down there as well).   
Bottom line, great location with friendly staff but don't plan on spending lots of time at the hotel.  And if you manage to have considerate neighbors, you should have a completely acceptable time at this hotel.THERE'S ABSOLUTELY NO Reason to write a long, deep explanation on this hotel. It's currently being remodeled and will become Le Meridien. Very soon. 
It really deserves 2 stars but I added one more because the Front Desk Staff are pretty durn great! I stayed here this past weekend for the On The Run Tour, Jay Z and Beyonce. So, it got really crowded on Sunday. Long lines at the front desk, slow elevators, no parties in the hotel. Just blah. 
Likes: LOCATION!! Directly across from Harrahs, RiverWalk. Front Desk Staff. Decor in the lobby area. 
Not so Likable: The weird angle in the entrance. Just stupid. The lighting in the rooms are horrible. 8 girls all complained. The full body mirror is covered at the bottom because of the bed. Freakin stupid man. Put it somewhere else. 
Recommendation- Come here with your spouse or significant other. The space in the room is limited. So, the rooms are better suited for couples. Not for a girls weekend!I have to qualify my review as we did not stay there, however, it was the first W Hotel we ever visited.
We were down in New Orleans and were waiting for our shuttle to pick us up to go back to our hotel.  Not knowing what a W was (this was in 2000), our curiosity got the best of us.  We walked into what I have to say is the coolest hotel lobby I've ever seen.  Since I worked as a Travel Agent and had spent a lot of time touring hotel lobbies, that is saying a lot.  It was not overdone, but rather had an air of hip intimacy with scented candles and low, plushy seats.  This was a good usage of a relative small space (no need for the typical marble or granite fountains and potted plants).  The atmosphere was a comfortable cool.  The bar was, Whiskey Blue I beleive, was pretty cool too.
The W chain has grown since then.  We've now got 2 here in Chicago.  This is a trend that I have to say is a good trend.Was in New Orleans for work and spent the night at the W.   I've stayed at a number of W's across the US and this one is by far in need of some updating.   While my stay was ok - everything seems old and outdated  
The wherever button on the phone never worked - always got a busy signal.  Room service was on time but my order was not 100% accurate.   The fitness room had a great selection of machines and seemed to be more updated than the rest of the hotel.  
Would I stay here again?  If you are looking for a Starwood property, sure.  But I bet there are more modern places in town.Great hotel. We received a really nice suite for a five day stay.  The front desk was professional, the room was a nice size, strangely laid out, but nice for working and then relaxing. I love Bliss, so I was quite blissed out with a bag full of toiletries for the next year. We even indulged and watched a few dvds on the flat screen tv.
The bar was meh, the free coffee in the morning was great and getting all three papers - NYT, Times Picayune and the pseudopaper, the USA Today was a nice touch.  Oh, also free internet in the lobby was great, even if someone was printing out her doctoral dissertation during peak business hours. The concierge helped me print out one page and gave me a great recommendation for a king cake bakery.
Loved it.
Great location if you are at the convention center.I have stayed at a number of 4-5 star hotels and by far this has been the worst. Went during essence festival....for lack of a better word it was "ratchet". I would expect a lot better from the W hotel. I have stayed at others and they were very nice.The rooms were basically dirty, outdated rooms, and smelled like mildew. W hotel New Orleans you need to improve. I come to New Orleans once per year. Won't be staying here again.Was there for a wedding in NOLA this past weekend.  We occupied about 20 rooms for 3-4 nights.
I'll be nice and start with the positives:
- Decor was nice
- Location was very convenient
- Staff was friendly
OK... That's where it ends.  Here's the bad:
- Wallpaper peeling in my bathroom
- Toilet doesn't flush solid waste/toilet paper (several other friends had the same problem too)
- Housekeeping left dirty glasses in our room for the entire 3 days
- A couple other friends had no cleaning for 3 days and had to go to the front desk for fresh towels.
- It took them about an hour to; Make the beds, clean the bathroom, bring in fresh towels, and empty the trash... easily only a 20 minute job.
- Lobby rugs were filthy - and not just dirt.  Try cigarette butts and trash on the rugs.
- And room service?  Don't even bother.  Times ranged from an hour to 2 hours with various people in our group and the costs?  one mufaletta sandwich (which consisted of three 2-inch 'sliders' with one THIN piece of ham, turkey and cheese and some fries was, by the time it got to my room, $22.88
I've stayed in W Hotels before and had good experiences.  Not here.  I'd have done better at a Motel 6.