We visited the Ihop on Canal Street after a day of traveling and were seated by a friendly waitress. In our group, there were two adults and four children, ages 14, 13, 5 and 3. The waitress brought our drinks and took our order quite efficiently. When the food arrived, one five-stack of buttermilk pancakes were missing. My daughter had to sit and watch everyone eat for some time, while the waitress made promises each trip past our table. Knowing she was starving, I finally gave her one f my three pancakes so she had something in front of her while she waited.
Finally, her order arrived and she began eating. The waitress left my bill on the table - $54. I had ordered the Colorado Omelette which was quite good but when I finished most of it and started on my pancakes, I got a nasty nasty surprise. With the second bite of my pancakes, something felt wrong in my mouth. I reached in and found a hair. I started pulling it out of my mouth and it kept coming and coming, like a fishing line!!! UGH MY GAWD. The thing took both hands and turned out to be a curly reddish hair. It was not mine nor the waitresses as it had obviously been cooked into the pancake. This made me sick to my stomach, of course.
I called the waitress over and showed her. She quickly told me the hair did not match anyone on duty (WHO CARES ABOUT THAT? THE DAMN THING WAS IN MY FOOD!) She asked me if I wanted to speak to the manager and I said no, please just take this food away from the table. She did not ask me if I wanted a replacement (even though I would have said no, it would have been nice if she had offered). She came back to the table a few minutes later and picked up the $54 check, leaving another in its place. I thought maybe she had took my meal off of the bill but NO - now my total was $63.89. Listed as a service charge was $7.73 - she had included her own gratuity after the hair was found. 
IHOP used to be my ultimate favorite restaurant but now it just makes my stomach churn and brings back a memory I cannot erase. I will never, ever return to this restaurant and unless something changes in the future, I will never eat at another IHOP err... IHAIR again!!!  
And since when did IHOP start adding gratuity into their checks?????????????????It was a group of us and we had issues with our order. We had to send back some of our orders. The coffee was cold the omelette was disgusting taste as though they didn't clean the griddle it was cooked on. Two of my friends had steak and it was burnt!Omg. Don't go here....waited and waited for my food . When it came out only half was there...waited more for my pancakes asked for more ice tea....waited no ice teabut... the food was goodThis restaurant was so accommodating in getting us in off the rainy street quickly.  Server named Lydia and she was a Gem!  Great smile, friendly and quick!  Exactly what we needed in game day!
If your in the neighborhood stop in and ask for her!
Food was Ihop at its best.  Good experience!This was the worst experience I have ever had at an IHOP. I had to send my breakfast back 3 times. I ordered the 2x2x2 with the eggs over medium and the egg whites were runny,so my meal was replaced with cold pancakes and sausage. I sent it back again and the eggs were worse than the first. I told them to forget it that I would go elsewhere and the manager came out to tell us that that is the way the eggs were supposed to be. We had to
Pay $8.40 for 2 cups of coffee and an order of toast. 
Love New Orleans, but would never go back to another IHOP againI love all I hops that I've been to and now I can add this one to the list . We were greeted with friendly smiling faces and our waitress was a delight . You can't go wrong with the steak omelette and pancakes. My husband who is a health nut (lol ) loves the spinach omelette and the wheat pancakes. Our visit at this IHOP was a success!:-)I just had the worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant here. Avoid it like the plague. 
We didn't even get to ordering the food before we left in intimidation.
So, we had ordered coffee, someone ordered decaf, but then changed her mind to decaf. Our waitress brought both decaf and regular. When we pointed out the confusion, in a very understanding way (really making sure that she knew that we totally see how the confusion had occurred). This lady got angry! Left me speaking half way through and gave me her back, she came back with another thing of regular coffee, and started to bang our silverware on the table with a face of complete discontent. 
She didn't provide a straw for a tea, and there was another waitress near by. Not wanting to upset our waitress even more my brother's fiancee asked this other waitress for a straw. She looked at her also with an attitude, and she said: both of my hands are full, can't you see! 
Full disclosure: both of these waitresses were African American and my family is hispanic. I don't know if there's some sort of racial issue in New Orleans between these two races, but it just seemed that there was a lot of aggression for things that are pretty normal at a restaurant. 
We said we wanted to leave and asked for the check and the manager. The manager came, and asked us what the situation was. Our waitress had these threatening eyes on us the entire time, and the manager asked her to step aside, at which point the waitress started raising her voice. We said to the manager: "this attitude is precisely why we want to pay and leave now and handed her $20dlls without looking at the bill (but we had asked for 2 coffees, 1 tea, water, and 2 diet cokes, a lot less than $20). I was expecting for an apology and to let us go without pay since we had barely touched our drinks. However, she took our $20dlls. and left the table. All the while three people with long hair peaked from the kitchen staring us also in a very threatening way. It was actually very scary. When the manager picked up our $20dlls we didn't wait for the change and left the table. We were actually worried for a little bit about being followed by the guys staring at us from the kitchen, but it was all fine. We're just never going back. 
It is a real shame, because I really like Ihop.Just enjoyed Sunday morning breakfast at I-Hop, the food was good (large quantity, good quality) excellent coffee, ok service. The down side was the bathrooms, gross - gross - gross! Breakfast for two was $25 with tip.You can't go wrong with Ihop. The food was good, the  restaurant was clean, service is okay, in a prime location.I came here after a night of partying on Bourbon Street, mostly because I was hungry, the streetcar was taking forever, and nothing on campus would be open when I returned.  
The food quality here is on par with every other IHOP in the country.  I can't imagine coming here for any reason other than after a night of partying.  My waiter was friendly enough.This place took 45 mins to get our order with only 6 people in the restaurant...... they didn't have all ingredients to make what we ordered food was horrible! How u mess up breakfast food? This place gets five thumbs downGreat, filling comfort food.  Loved the banana foster brioche french toast!  The service that Cindy the waitress gave us was amazing.  She was really busy but found time to stop by our table with a few quick quips, funny and great customer service.  I will go back for sure.In my opinion iHop is a hit or miss place. No two are the same and customer service and food quality always seems to depend on the owner and manager. This one did fine during our visit. Food took kinda long but didn't have any complaints or need to send anything back. Service was good and restaurant was clean.Food was bland, service was mediocre. The only thing that this place has going for it us that its in a perfect location right on Canal between Bourbon and Dauphine streets. If you're not drunk or hung over, make the effort to go else where.Check out the current specials and meals before ordering. First morning in I didn't notice until after I ordered. FAIL. But morning #2 was delicious and the standard ihop experience. Good Eats & Cheers!While I am normally very unimpressed with this location on the night I came there was a new manager named Brian who was very Hands-On and spoke to every table, was backing up the servers running food out and helping clean. The bathroom on this night was the cleanest I have ever seen it. In my server Miss Stephanie was Top Notch. She was genuinely awesome best server I've had in a long time.IHOP on Canal is a convenient breakfast when you're too tired to go looking through the French Canal. Quick to get seated, quick food and drinks, quick bill. I got the spring garden omelette which I enjoyed (as much as you can enjoy an omelette from IHOP) and it comes with butter pancakes which was great. My boyfriend got one of their breakfast sandwiches and enjoyed it. They ran out of iced coffee when I was there which was a bit disappointing but other than that it was a satisfying breakfast. Service was really friendly!Had brunch here before travelling back to Fort Walton Beach, Florida.  Had bacon, hash browns and 2 eggs plus toast.  Eggs have been problematic in the past but these were perfect and I enjoyed the food.  
Waitress was helpful and attentiveFrom the reviews, I guess my expectations should have been non existent, but really??? I had a good lunch there, but isn't breakfast supposed to be their thing?
The waitress was new...but should have been still a trainee. She did not know what I was ordering and tried instead to give me her suggestion for what I should eat (which should have been my first clue to get up and leave). 
She could not split the check, but instead of going to someone who knew how to do it, she took both credit cards and just charged mine wth?
After speaking to the manager, I understand why the service is what it is. Ugh!Way too slow for breakfast. It's ihop, not gourmet cuisine. Food was also cold when we finally got it. Fruit cup looked sketchy so didn't even bother to eat. Will never come here again.RUDE RUDE WAIT SERVICE. Horrible attitudes.  Food okay but it Is a chain.  They employ too many and they all just stand around with their herds of friends getting free stuff.Literally the worst restaurant experience in my life. Save yourself a couple of hours and DON'T GO HERE!!Horrible service, the whole staff had attitide filthy restaurant!! Hair in my food! Will not be eating there ever again!I went to this IHOP for National Pancake Day and received a free stack of buttermilk pancakes. I am surprised that the restaurant has such poor reviews. The restaurant has a great convenient location, being so close to the Marriott, Ritz Carlton, and several other hotels. Our waitress was really sweet and although the chef forgot a couple of things (to put whipped cream on my pancakes when I had asked for it and ice cream on the crepe), she noticed it before she put the plate down on our table and fixed it before we had to ask. Service was quick and would be a great place to grab a quick bite to eat in NOLA.The service was not to friendly, but the food was excellent.  We went very late, like about midnight, staying in the French Quarters, this was walking distance, for my LOVE for pancakes child who couldn't resist.  Food was fresh food was good, but whenever they forgot to bring something, and you request for it again, you can feel the energy, and the vibe of not wanting to do so.  
NO, it was NOT busy.  I believe it was one couple, and just ourselves (family of 3).
The scenery was nice, walking distance to the Walgreens, for hotel snacks, and fun, memorable walks.
I will dine here again, if I'm in the area.Eehhhh. I wanted this to be better than it was. My niece was excited to visit an IHOP in the city. Food was poorly assembled and not as ordered. Service was mostly polite but kind of militant at times and neglectful at others.
About the food:
Hash browns were grossly packed with oil.I got their new specialty item of waffle croissant which was supposed to be crunchy light and fluffy. The reality was nowhere near that. It was flat, chewy, gummy, and some of the worst food I have ever given to me in my life. I politely said it wasn't crispy and asked if she would bring me two pancakes instead, so I could put the filling and stuff on those if desired. She insistently refused and then took the entire plate away from me and then brought me two pancakes with a bunch of the ingredients that were supposed to be on my croissant waffle thing, but there was way too much of some ingredients like caramel sauce and almost no banana so it was intensely over sweet. Plus, my pancake was really dark brown and awful. 
The bacon was requested extra crispy and came out mostly soft and floppy.
I would never come back. The next day we are at The Ruby Slipper and it was *amazing*I tried to get coffee here. What a waste of time. This is the kind of place that makes you mad you wasted your time even going in there. 
There are plenty of other places in New Orleans to get crappy service and crappier pancakes.The food was good.  When we walked in we were seated immediately.  The place was relatively clean. The carpet could use some cleaning. The waitress Lennell was very friendly. She took care of us and the other patrons near by.El peor servicio , que he visto en mi vida está en este Restaurant , tuvimos el error de entrar y ordenar , estaban vacías las mesas , ni quien se acercara a atendernos, nuestra orden tardó casi una hora solo dos platos, y eso porque nos vieron molestos, la mesera jamás se volvió a preguntar si necesitábamos algo más , jamás vuelvo!!Breakfast with family..  Horrible parking in the area is to be expected. The service provided from our waitress was phenomenal! She messed up one order but that was no biggy. There was some pretty sloppy plating coming from the kitchen. I didn't even take a picture of the rest of my table'e food. However, everything was good. We enjoyed ourselves and went on our way.I remember that IHOP is not the best food out there but I really forgot that it SUCKS that much!!! Very terrible food! We stopped by late night for a bite and I order the original pancakes... They were horrible, falling apart, no taste or texture! Very disappointed. The sausage were dry & terrible looked like been cooked for a week, I wish I took a picture to post here.
Service was very good though. IHOP, if u want people to stop by please try and work on the food qualityCustomer service is absolutely horrible. I ordered to go because waiting for a table for just one is longer than a table for 15. I ordered my food at 12.08pm right now it's already 12.38pm...trying to figure out how much longer for a Coffee and 2 eggs...at the end I got something completely different from what I ordered and no lid for my coffee cup...We went here because it was the nearest breakfast place we can go to that was beside our hotel and thought that you cannot miss at an iHop. 
I thought wrong.
I definitely agree with most of the yelp reviewers - 
We waited 10 minutes before our server came, they were out of bananas so I did not get my bananas foster and the place was smelly and dirty. 
Go someplace else. Not worth it.To end our 4th of July, we decide to have an easy dinner at IHOP. Thankfully, it wasn't too crowded and the wait for our food was surprisingly quick! 
I ordered the Split Decision Breakfast which comes with quite the variety of breakfast foods. Two eggs(served the way you request), two sausages, two pieces of bacon, two pieces of french toast, and two butter pancakes. Everything tasted great. The eggs(I chose scrambled) were fluffy, sausages and bacon were cooked perfectly, french toast and pancakes were delish. All of that for $9.99! It is a big serving size with a great variety of foods so when in doubt, definitely choose this one. 
IHOP itself isn't the most classy place so don't expect the best but it is still a great restaurant to visit, super cheap too!Wish I would give 3 1/2 stars. Expect your typical IHOP. Not sure what other reviewers were expecting! We were seated immediately, waitress was nice and food was good. The reason im not rating this place higher- Our food was brought out in about 20 minutes minus the pancakes. The pancakes weren't ready, 15 minutes after we were done with our food, the pancakes came out. How does the international house of pancakes run out of pancakes? Overall decent visit, I would go again if in the area but they need to get their sh** together on the whole pancake thing.Came here for a post-party hangover brunch after Halloween while staying at a nearby hotel and it hit the spot.  Nothing fancy,  but staff did a good job at accommodating our group of 15 and brought the food out quickly.Totally disappointing experience.  Food was barely warm and my wife's meal was inedible.  The manager's solution was to give us a 10% military discount on the check, neither of us is in the military.Wanted an affordable brunch our second day in New Orleans so opted for iHop. Our server, Charlie was very friendly, personable and helpful. I ordered a Colorado Omelet and my friend got Split Decision (scrambled eggs, bacon, sausage and French toast). We both got coffee, too. Our food came out in a good amount of time. The kitchen messed up so we got extra pancakes to take with us. The only thing that would've made my food better is if there was sour cream but they ran out. Overall, not a bad meal for $16 each.This restaurant has a very limited  menu.  The restaurant smells like pee.  Not great wait staff eitherI was surprised by the low ratings for this IHOP.  I was in the Quarter in business and stopped in for Breakfast in a. Saturday around 0645.  Service was great and the food was your basic eggs, bacon, hash browns and pancakes.    My waitress was attentive and pleasant, what more do you want?  I enjoyed my breakfast and would certainly return to dine here again.The food was good, but service was something else. I ordered a crepe without mushrooms, which I received with mushrooms. Also, when we received food there was no silverware at the table. We asked for silverware and it took several minutes to get it to us.Riiight, IHOP... Shitty pancakes, cheap prices. The end.This particular Ihop has some service issues most certainly!  The service was extremely slow,the eggs were overcooked, the stingy amount of hashbrowns were almost burnt,the pancakes and french toast were very good though.We had to exchange silverware twice due to food on the "clean" utensils. The bathrooms don't have working door lock's on the stahl's,there was no soap luckily I had hand sanitizer!  The paper towel were just sitting on the sink getting soaked, yuk !! I really like Ihop, just not this one !!!Horrible .    Went there for dinner however, I ordered breakfast .  Had 3 different wait staffers and apparently there was some confusion on who was going to take our order. I ordered 2 eggs, hash browns , ham and toast .  There were only 3 tables of customers .  After 40 minutes out came my ' order'.  I received 2 eggs one bite of ham ( which was lunch meat ] and pancakes. Tell the waitress that it wasn't my order . She said yes it was and told me they ran out of hash browns .  Umm. It's a BREAKFAST restaurant . Asked about the ham as well.  They ran out of that too. So they used a slice of ham that is on a sandwich.  ..Can you give a zero? They want to charge me for a cup of water?!!  They did not have a full menu so I could not get my classic crepe. I'm frustrated and pissed. The server was excellent but the owner/manager needs to revisit why they are in business!Ordered the Tuscan scramble with red potatoes and onions and taste.  Eggs were so fluffy and the spinach, peppers and potatoes were just what I was craving. Buttered toast with grape jelly just the right breakfast after a 4 mile walk around town.
Also got a free short stack of the original pancakes from a promotion they had going on!!! Sweet deal!!Food seems like it was pre made in the back and just waiting under heating lamps. Ordered food it was out in like 5 minutes if even that pretty sketchy and the eggs were not even hot...Offered a free short stack with my check in on yelp but the manager at this location denied it since we didn't print it out. How can I print it out from my phone at my table in IHOP??!?If you can't find a place for breakfast in NOLA FQ, or you wake up too late to have it somewhere else, this is the place to go.We had a good dining experience here!  We arrived around 7AM on Easter morning, there was not a lot of people there.  Our waitress was very nice and attentive.  We didn't have to ask for refills and the food was warm and fresh!  The restaurant was clean . . overall great breakfast!if there was LESS THAN ONE STAR?   I would choose that... I am actually going to start with the women's bathroom... yep.....  when one opens the door and the floor is filthy and there is no soap... one is in trouble.     That means employees ALSO aren't using soap to wash their hands.... Call me OCD, but the mind does play such games...  plus it smelled and just needed a 2 hour SCRUB DOWN... This is a 24 hour restaurant.... so there is TIME to CLEAN this, many times.... during that 24 hours!  Hubby said the men's was also a nightmare...
FOOD?  unappetizing... I ordered a side salad and got some lettuce... and then on the side in two bowls I had chopped tomatoes and then chopped onions.. Hello, I didn't order tacos???  The chicken parmesan?  I know, how could I have been THAT stupid... Enough said.   SCAREY looking....
Husband ordered something turkey and it looked like someone through ten things in a blender, and then put it on top of some weird looking dressing thing.   Mashed potatoes literally came straight from the fridge.. they were COLD!!!!!
Back in the day IHOP was awesome.  At least the ones in the Chicago area.... Keep walking past this one.... DO NOT STOP, DO NO PASS G0!This place is horrible... service is awful food doesn't come out for 45 mins and not right  they don't ask if you need refills on your drinks . If I could give negative stars that's what the deserveThere are only 2 good things here...Penelope and Stephanie. Thats it. Other than if you enjoy a good fist fight on a saturday night will every hip hop wanna-be scumbag in New Orleans ..by all means this could be your place!Surprised to see all the negative reviews. We initially went to the Ruby Slipper down the st to eat, but the wait time was 2 hours. Needless to say, we declined that wait and made the walk to ihop. When we arrived, we were afraid that the wait time would be the same as the other place. The outside and waiting areas were equally as crowded as it was at the Ruby Slipper. Much to our surprise, we went on and checked in and were warned of only a 15-20 minute wait. We were amazed at that as the crowd waiting was as big or bigger than a place that had a 2 hour wait. 
We waited and sure enough, right at around 18 mins or so we were escorted to our table. I don't typically do the large chain restaurants, but this location was clearly more prepared to handle a large crowd than the other place. 
The service was excellent. Our server was very friendly, the service was fast and efficient. She even threw in free hash browns for the entire table which was a nice touch.The food was very good and we were fully satisfied with everything about our experience here. 
This ihop is only 2 blocks down from the Ruby Slipper. For anyone who doesn't wan't to wait for 2 hours at the Ruby Slipper, definitely make the 2 block walk to this location. You won't regret it.Well the food is what you expect it to be. The problem is the manager at this location, i did not get his name. I did keep my receipt to remember the date and time i was there March 26th at 3:03 pm hopefully the staff at IHOP reads this review, because it would help to have a better atmosphere at this location,  the man was yelling at the staff in front of the customers, he is very rude and made my lunch very uncomfortable, i felt bad for the staff. If you are paying for your meal you should be able to eat quietly and in a relaxed atmosphere. I ate nad got out of there as soon as possible.Horrible service, really hostile waitresses. Asked her for decaf then changed our mind and asked her for normal and that really upset her. Then asked for a straw and she said "cant you see i'm busy?" well you are s waitress you are always busy and the straw didnt have to be at that second!STAY AWAY if you like your health. 
This was the absolute worst food/service I have ever had.  Our server was extremely disrespectful and rude the entire time.  Messed up our drink orders and got upset with us when we asked her about our drinks. 
Ordered chicken fingers....took on bite and they were absolutely RAW, completely uncooked and solid PINK throughout. It's a wonder I didn't get food poisoning.  My friends eggs also had a hair in them. 
Although I give props to the manager, he sorted out the problem quickly and professionally.  The wait staff is a different story however.Avoid this IHOP location at all costs! It might be tempting because of its location on Canal Street, particularly if you're a tourist. But the service is terrible. 
When we dined in, the place smelled like dirty dishwasher. The service was slow, despite us being the only ones there (at night). The food is what you'd expect from an IHOP. 
However, we actually got worse service when we ordered food for pickup. When I placed the order over the phone, I was told to pick it up in about 20 minutes. We arrive about 20 minutes later, and they haven't even started the order! On top of that, there was NO ONE in the restaurant, and 3 staff members just standing around. When we explained that we called ahead, they finally got started on the order, which took an additional 30 minutes. 
While we were waiting, I saw a waitress in the kitchen playing on her phone and another waiting eating food and handling it without gloves. We finally received the order and paid, and by the time we had gotten home to eat, we found that they completely got the order wrong. I ordered a BLT sandwich with avocado, and what was missing was the avocado, the whole point of the dish. 
How a staff can provide such poor quality service despite having only a few customers at a time is beyond me. Now I understand why this IHOP is usually empty despite being in such a busy part of the city. This location is poorly managed, the service is terrible, and the staff look like they'd rather be anywhere else and give you attitude. It was that pickup experience that pushed me to never eat at this IHOP again. 
If you're in the New Orleans area and really want IHOP, drive out to Metairie. Trust me, it's worth it to avoid this dump.It's a very busy weekend in Nola with parades  and all star weekend. U would think the server staff would have been on they top game. I ordered a simple breakfast and a dr pepper...  I got my food and everything was cooked well and the waiter was very polite, but before I could even eat my first egg he had done brought me the check and never offered to refill my dr pepper I waited 20 mins with empty glass  all other servers walked by and never asked or even let him no my glass was empty... Eating French toast with nothing to drink  is not a good experience  so when the tip is  he will know empty glass no tipWe stopped in there this morning for breakfast, we were not excited about it at all, but it was closet thing open.  To our surprise the food was very good and the waitress Breion? was great!!Can't rate the food here as I was never served!   The restaurant was about half full and I was seated by an unfriendly hostess at a dirty table and given a menu.  Servers passed me by, and some even made eye contact, but no one stopped to take my order.  After 15 minutes, I got up and walked out the door and down the street to McDonalds.   Even though this location is in a tourist area, I expect better service, or at least some service.   What a terrible place this is.AWFUL!! Stay away from this place. Went yesterday morning-last meal/breakfast before hitting the road back to H-Town. There were only 2 other tables filled with customers. The table we were given was dirty. Crumbs all over the booth's seats and table was sticky. Menus were dirty and sticky. We literally sat down and barely opened the nasty menus and this surly waitress appears I ordered coffee and water and my daughter ordered water. The waitress glared at us because we weren't ready to order food then stomped off. I paid for the undrunk pot of coffee and we walked out. Awful place the absolute worst IHOP ever.We arrived for dinner around 7:30 pm and waited in a near empty restaurant for our meal for almost an hour. When the food arrived it was lukewarm, the eggs were overcooked, and hash browns were missing from two of our meals. We asked the server for our hash browns. He brought them, swimming in grease.Worst ever. Think the servers are right out of a prison courtyard. Sad. The food? Prisons probably offer better fare.I have lived in and or visited all but 5 of the United States. Yes I have been to many I-Hop locations. When on vacation I normally will not go to a chain I can visit at home. My daughter wanted I HOP for her birthday. What are Daddy's for, This was THE WORST FOOD EXPERIENCE EVER. There were enough of us at the table, they added a tip to the bill. The food was terrible and the service was worse. The Hostess or Manager was the only one in the place who seemed pleasant at all, it was not enough to carry the rest. The only place in New Orleans where I felt uncomfortable or like I was a bother.Very busy place for a Saturday mornings but food was just like any other ihop our waitress was very nice. Food took a little long getting to us but it was very busy at the time. But the bathrooms beware!!! I steps one foot in there and turned around it was gross!!I ordered the Swedish crepes with 4 slices of bacon and scrambled eggs. Service was little slow. The order was wrong initially (hash browns came instead of bacon), they fixed that. Bacon was good, crepes were good, nothing special. The eggs were, if possible, below room temperature. Didn't want to waste the time sending 'em back, after already doing it once. Said "thank you" to the waitress twice that she didn't respond. Minor, sure, but it's kind of a pet peeve of mine - if someone says thank you, say "you're welcome." It doesn't hurt, and it might help your tip. You don't go to New Orleans for IHOP, but this one is a little short of their usual standards.How can you go wrong grabbing breakfast at IHOP?
Answer ... go to the IHOP in New Orleans on Canal street.
Service was horrendous. Resembled a boisterous family reunion as the staff huddled up front and carried on loud conversations.
Had to almost set my hair on fire to get a beverage refill!
Ordered an omelet, was luke warm and had an odd stale taste. How in the world can you mess up an omelet??? They can.
Even before my food arrived, the server dropped my tab at the table. Talk about wanting to get rid of the customer.
Here is the kicker ... after the abysmal experience which totaled $11 and change, I put a $20 bill down, The server came by and asked if I wanted the change!!!! Are you for real ... a $9 tip??? I was laughing to the point of tears. 
Quick summary, go somewhere else unless the above is what you are looking for in a dining experience.We dined at IHOP daily while we were in New Orleans! I really enjoyed our server! She was a beautiful young waitress who had only been serving for a few days! She was very attentive and very nice! She made Nutella crepes without the bananas and got it right on the first time.The temperature of the restaurant was hotter than the temp of my gravy.  The gravy was like water.From a tourist that lives in FL-DON'T WASTE YOUR time, appetite and lil money! Service is hecka slow, it looks like they are doing you a favor. Go have breakfast in a local owned and operated place please. I would give zero stars.The hubby and I were looking for a quick meal decided to stop here. Ordered The Dbl Monster Cheeseburger and the Tuscan Scramble. This is probably one of the worst Tuscan Scrambles Ive ever had. The eggs were runny. Almost as if they loaded it with water. Never again.  The burger was pretty good.Giving this location a star is giving it too much. 
I am in management, so knowing when things get he rice and backup, you work with your team a shell them achieve greatness. 
We arrived at this location with 2people ahead of us. Several people had walked out dissatisfied, but we weren't there yet.   There were about 4 servers on staff. Know one acknowledged you'd were even standing there. 
We were finally seated and shortly told that there was a hour and 1/2 behind in kitchen. 
We left and went to Causeway location. FAST SERVICE AND VERY PLEASED.Absolute worst IHOP experience I have ever had. None of the tables were clean--had to ask for them to be wiped down before we sat down. Placed our orders, but the food that arrived was not what we ordered. Apparently the kitchen ran out of ingredients and made substitutions without asking anyone at the table for altering the orders. Very greasy, too cheesy, essentially inedible. Worst of all, we did not receive silverware until 10 minutes after our food was delivered to our table! So our food was essentially cold by the time we could "enjoy" it. Do not waste your time at this establishment--there are better managed IHOPs (hopefully) in this city. I would give this zero stars if I could.Food was good , but service was lacking ( looked like a shortage of staff). In all it was ok.Horrible! Attempted to have a light "breakfast for dinner" here the night before the marathon last year and it was a FAIL! Waited an hour, the food never came, so we left and ate pretzles from the CVS across the street. FEH!Whoa, when did IHOP get a five page menu??? 
Its the International House of Pancakes folks. Keep the coffee coming and Let me power through work as I succumb to these banana pancakes and sticky syrups. Bill Cosby had it right when he gave his daughter cake for breakfast. Yeah!IHOP is what it is but is IHOP was below whatever that is!
Service.  Poor.  Kind of checked in once.  Was two waters short. Overall the waitress just wasn't very pleasant!
Food.  Fairly standard.  With the exception that the eggs were not cooked correctly except for the scrambled eggs.  With IHOP you would at least think they could get the eggs correct.  
Cleanliness.  Non Existent.   Silverware was all dirty.  Maple Syrups were all dirty.  The place did not smell all that pleasant.  Exterior sidewalk was also very dirty.  
I wouldn't go again and would advise you to avoid if possible!I had a great experience here. Ordered a spanish omelet! Loved it:) The staff was very nice.Don't go to the IHOP. The waiter I had was very slow in taking orders, she got my order wrong and when my food came to me my eggs liked like it was played over. The place was over packed with people. They had people bunched up some wheelchair people can get by and eat.Ditto on all of the other one star comments. After waiting for a server for 20 minutes and not even being offered coffee or water, we left and went to the IHOP in Metairie off Causeway. It was the Taj Mahal in comparison. My 11 year old son loved it and recommends the hamburgers.The food was good, hot if somewhat slow. The service wasn't are particularly good, in spite of the fact that the restaurant was it 25% capacity, everything took forever. The silverware was dirty. One of the patrons was listening to a video at full volume on his iPhone and it was left up to us to ask him to please turn it down, as he was the only one in the entire restaurant to wanted to hear. Just not the best experience in the world.Went there around 3 pm. Place was virtually empty 4-5 waitresses standing around but waited 20 min and never got waited on.  Finally got up and left.  They thanked us as we walked out the door.  If it wasn't so sad it would be laughable.  Can't recommend this IHOP at all.A 15 minute mobile order took 40 minutes.  The burger was room temperature.  The seats filled was at maybe 15-20 capacity.  A guy sittting next to me with a takeout order had waited longer.  Another guy left because all he was served after 20 minutes was a glass of water.  Overall, just a sub-mediocre run business.Umm, slow! Slow to be seated even though it was prob 10 tables in use. Slow to take our orders. Heck--everything was slow! Got a carafe of coffee but no cup! At least 10 min went by before I got one. Got most of our food 40 minutes after we ordered, and then another 15 minutes waiting for missing side items that was suppose to come with our meals, not to mention we had to ask for silverware. Food was cold and just ok! Not sure what's up with this particular location--pure management is to blame. I wouldn't go back--unless you have allllll day and time to waste, don't stop here. Staff is friendly and restaurant appeared to be clean,  but much training is needed. All said and done, almost two hours--which felt like a 3 course meal being that everything came out the kitchen in parts. Hop at another location!Honestly I feel bad for the franchise owner for how awful the workers are. My suggestion is to hire new ones. They were so slow. We waited 30 minutes for our check, 15 minutes for our drinks. It wasn't busy at all. Food was pretty good though. I understand it's newly opened but even the girl training another worker was slow.I wish I could give this location zero stars. I honestly have no idea where to begin. Our party did not get all of our drinks, our waiter did not listen to our order, when the food came it was cold, one order was not even placed, and the delivery was just rude and disrespectful. The services level of unprofessionalism was unreal. The apparently "ihob" did not even have hamburger buns? 
This is a lowsy excuse of a restaurant and I recommend no one coming.This was one of the worst service we have ever had. Waitress took our order and when she came back with our drinks she brought us our check, we haven't even had our food yet and you bring us our bill. They did not have real silverware because they said it was a rough night, it was 12pm in the day, not early morning. We asked for other stuff such as cream and mayo, the waitress just disappear. We had to flag other staff member to get refills and things we needed.  There was also a homeless guy in the bathroom sleeping, my husband went in there and kick the dude out so we could use the restroom. Then we stood at front counter for 10 mins wanting to pay bill. They were no packed,  no line of people. Horrible rude customer service.  Food did come fast..kitchen was doing thier job, fire the wait staff and hire some motivated waitresses.Horrible service! They're lucky I can't give them 0 stars. I've been here since 7:10 and i still have no food... it's now 8:42. Stay away!Worst IHOP I ever visit they take to long to serve and also they don't bring you the food as you order it... and is more to say but I just don't recommend anybody to come here!!!I would give it no stars if I could. Service was awful. Everything was slow. A customer was waiting for a take out order way before we arrived and stormed out when her food was extremely late and incorrect. . 2 of the people at my table didn't even get the pancakes that came with their meal. All of our orders were incorrect. Completely unacceptable. The sliders in photo were the only acceptable item we were given. It was a very unpleasant experience and I will not be returning.What were we thinking??! Don't believe your anticipation. The food was terrible and expensive, never mind depleting to the human spirit. The service was pretty awful too.I'd give it zero stars if that was an option. If you want to wait 45 minutes for scrambled eggs, soggy hashbrowns and "crispy" bacon that waves around like a piece of spaghetti - then this is the place for you!If I could give a 0 star I would. I sat down for 10 min and no one seemed to acknowledge my presence. I didn't get menu or get asked if I needed a drink. This ihop wasn't even full and I thought because it was new the service would be better. This is the worst ihop I have ever been too. Next time I'm going to waffle house.If you could give ZERO stars I would.  This is the SECOND TIME I subjected myself to this place and I will NEVER return.  First time was a week after opening, I waited 1 hour to eat and 1/2 the menu was not available.  The second time was last night.  4 tables in the restaurant.  Walk in, seated and then sat....waiting.  Finally got my drink after 15 minutes (LITERALLY PEOPLE STANDING AROUND).  Gave order and waited another 30 minutes.  We noticed the food was sitting under heat lamps for the whole restaurant but no one was being served.  No one to say what was going on, no wait staff in sight.  The people at the tables next to us had been there 1.5 hours, another got an appetizer and sat for 1 hour.  We literally got up and left.  I will NEVER go to any IHOP in the city again.  Close now while you have the chance to get out!Had to try the new location since I had coupons, lol. The food was as expected from IHOP. Clean location. 2 thumbs up for our waitress Sheri! Sheri was extremely professional and kind.Worst IHOP in NOLA. Their staff is horrible & the food is subpar to say it's a pancake place. The wait there is long even when it's empty, & the employees have terrible customer service.Horrible service! We were seated upon arrival. We waited 20 minutes for someone to come to our table to take our order. 45 minutes after placing our order we were informed they did not have all the ingredients to make our order and asked if we would like to make a substitution or change our order.  Our drinks were never refilled. We left 2 hrs later to try to find something to eat as we were still waiting on our order. We will not be going back to this location!!!! Save your time and money!hilarious how there were 6 employees walking around like they were lost... we were seated then ignored.  fire everyone and start over, including the manager. really sad
no one even saw us walk outAlright ima start off saying that this staff is 100% af they worked Xmas eve and Xmas day I come home from work at around midnight and I ordered Uber from there and it was on point and I even called to ask to have some ranch with my order and idk who she was but she said yea I got you and called me baby so 5 stars there, but yea this ihop go hard and I hope your manager sees this because they really have a good staff thereThis is the worse ihop ever. If I could give 0 stars I would. The only reason it is so clean is bc no one gets waitered. Second time I have been here in 3 months, thinking it would be better. Have waited 10 min to be seated, there's literally no one in here. I have been seated and it's been 15 minutes and no one has taken my drink order. Don't come here go to a different ihop.I ordered a late night to go order and Chaz was very helpful in getting me my meal prepared correctly! Chaz definitely needs a promotion soon. The food was excellentOur waitress MiMi was AWESOME! She made sure our coffee was fresh. The food came out fresh and the omelette was HUGE. Definitely will be returning. Restaurant was also very clean.This ihop was the most disgusting thing I've ever come across. The cutlery was dirty, the food was old, and the service wasn't up to part. we waited almost 15 mins for utensils and they still weren't brought to us.  and then when I had to go to another table to get my own they were dirty. A disgrace..Lemmie tell you about Kim! So I have been here a couple times during the day, and even late in the evening, it is now 4am on a Wedensday morning. I have had constant bad experiences at this location. From waiting FOREVER  for our food, to waiting FOREVER to even have a server come to our table... and it wasn't even busy!! But I digress... I came tonight, not because I wanted to, but because I waited 45 mins for Postmates to deliver my food only to have the guy pass my street and then mark the order as delivered. Then I went to McDonald's and they were rude and just... no. So I came to IHOP because it was next to said McDonald's. I wan in and Kim says "Hi how are you?" To which I respond "I'm in a horrible mood and HUNGRY!"  She says "well I'm Kim and I hope I can make your night better". LET ME TELL YOU!! She did!! She was pleasant, funny, and was pissed at McDonald's with me! I ordered,  the food came fast and I'm a happy camper! I LOVE KIM!! Go see her!!Horrible service.... Definently do not order Togo food if your in a rush. My order took 45mins past the pickup time that was provided to me on the email. My order was also incorrect when it was delivered to me. The hostess went to the kitchen to correct my order. Then as she came out the kitchen she was finishing up her conversation with another coworker as I am standing at the front waiting. This location definitely needs improvement...Easily the worst iHOP I've ever been to. What a terrible experience. It took them an hour to split the check. And it was still wrong. Never coming back. Would give zero stars if it was possible.I just went to this establishment and I didn't even get to it. It is 5am and all I wanted were pancakes! It was so sad. I never got my pancakes and I left starving. I couldn't even get my hash browns eiethet. Might go back and see if it redeems itself but not sure.Exceptionally terrible service. The manager called the police on a group of young men who rightfully deserved compensation for the terrible service they received (by management, I may add). Save yourself the stress and anger and go to a different location.This IHOP is actually the worst IHOP on the Earth. We went in and they rudely tell us it's a one hour wait, there is no one here. Counted over 14 open tables. So we order to-go, food is repulsive, not up to the IHOP standard. In short, I'd rank it 0 stars if I could. Rude staff, trash food, no logic.The IHOP on Carrollton never disappoints. The service is A1 and the food is hot and fresh. I love coming on Saturday. The restaurant is always clean and the turnover is great, so you're never waiting for more than 5 minutes.Had a taste for an omelette so I said hell why not? I call the order in, and go to pick it up and she told my total was $13. A little more than usual but I wanted to see what was to it. I ordered the bacon temptation and a side of hash brows with cheese. They told me it was $1.25 for one piece of cheese (which is absurd). Then the lady took forever giving me my change and kept starting at me hoping I didn't ask for it back. The food turned out to be decent nothing special. , hashbrowns damn near burnt and the omelette cold. Probably won't visit this dump again unless I'm desperateOnly visit this place if you have an intellectual curiosity for how awful a restaurant experience could be. From being ignored by waitstaff thru a wreck of a bathroom, forgotten orders and unfulfilled promises to remove items from the bill, your experience would be topped by the foulest coffee known to man. I regret being forced to giving it a star at all.I held off visiting because of all the poor reviews. My friend and I decided that maybe after being open for a while things had changed, and we were right. We were seated quickly and our food came out in a reasonable time frame. We both had omelets and pancakes, and we were pleased. The best part was our server, Kim. She was so pleasant, and she gave us above and beyond service.I've been to this location on three separate occasions and it proved one thing. I must be insane! Every time I go it's the same thing. No seating hosts and the servers walk by looking at the guests waiting to be seated like they're invisible. No one ever apologizes for the wait either. They play it off like nothing happened. Three times was enough for me.I used to like IHOP but this was such a terrible experience. The servers tok long time to seat us, and even longer to come take our order. The restaurant wasn't even busy, which is what was so confusing to me. The tables were also sticky and the restaurant didn't feel hygienic as a whole. Food is what you'd expect from IHOP: not great, but fine when you're hungry/drunk/hungover.no mask being worn !!!!! customer service is terrible, they are rude. found hair in our food. do better .Second visit and just as pleasant as the first. We were lucky enough to get the same waitress, who remembered us. Will definitely be back.I waited 10 minutes to be greeted at this location when no one else was in line and they had open tables. After placing my order, I waited 20mins to be told they were out of mozzarella sticks (which was the appetizer I ordered)-- at which point it was too late to place another app order). 35 minutes passed before my food was received. Then, the meal was incorrect. Our waiter was sweet and attentive but it seemed like a general shit show.Slow service. Ordered food to go and it has been over an hour waiting. Last few times order has been wrong and good has been cold.The worst service I have ever had, the staff is rude and obviously don't care about the guests. This was my second and last visit to this location. We had an awesome experience at the location off of Clearview!I have a gluten intolerance and ordered gluten free pancakes. I was given regular pancakes (not gluten free) and had a severe reaction.Best Ihop In the world. Meet new people, get great service . It's an fun experience, and the servers are top tier, shows actual personality. Very nice .Just believe the reviews. It was such a bad experience  that it was awkward. The food is terrible and came out cold. It was  completely empty in there except for us and two other tables. I see why.  I only went for my six year old daughter. When we left, she even said she didn't want to go back.First time at this particular location and I was pleasantly surprised with the service.  Considering the amount of negative reviews, I pondered coming but I'm glad I did.  
As with most restaurants these days, they were understaffed, but the two ladies working were fast, efficient and somewhat friendly.  
Not long after placing our order, our food came out hot, fresh and pretty appealing.  As always, I ordered the chicken fajita omelette and it was delish!  My hubby got the Colorado omelette, (as usual).  I know, I know...we need to get more adventurous with menu their offerings. Perhaps one day.
Suffice it to say, I couldn't find anything negative to say about this visit.  They practiced social distancing, staff and patrons wore masks, they have hand sanitizer at the front door and the place was clean.  
I'd certainly return and recommend others to give them another chance.Worst restaurant in New Orleans. Only went there because my child begged to go. We usually would hit up Ihop on road trips, BUT NEVER AGAIN. 
1) dirty 
2) DIRTY
3) food tasted HORRIBLE, I mean BAD. 
4) took one bite from the omelet and told the server that we didn't want to eat it because the taste was off. SHE didn't take it off of the bill. When we requested that she took it off she went to talk to the manager. The manager came up to our table and super aggressively accused my husband of eating half of the omelet and trying to get a refund for it. We told him that the server could vouch that it was in tact and we had not eaten it. 
He then informed us that the server was the one who told him that 1/2 had been eaten, a blatant lie. We then told him to go check the trash! So, not only had the server been terrible at her job SHE LIED. Not to mention how super aggressive the manager was towards us! 
We will never go to another iHop IN OUR LIVES. Your crappy service only was topped by your disgusting food.came in as a dasher picking up an order, they said to call but to my surprise no one picked up...walking in the establishment there was only one server which was heavily occupied with 6 tables. currently i believe to see what is the order and i might just take it myself so i can go but the service here is questionable and whoever is the manager has some work to doThis place is AWFUL. I came here to eat. and they have yet to serve my friend and my food took forever to come. never again. fat chance.Very disorganized! As I was only coming to pick up a to-go order, I had to wait 45 frickin minutes to even let someone know I was only picking up.There are hardly any waiters/waitresses and the host at the front desk forced me to wait behind people who arrived after me simply because they were dining in. So you mean to tell me I can wait for 45 mins only to be skipped by people who only arrived a few minutes before? Ridiculous. My first and LAST time at this IHOP, I hope management can turn some things around for this place.It was there were only 2 tables occupied when we got there. We were seated 15 mins and no one came to take out order. Someone came in 10 mins after us and their order was being taken in 5 mins of them sitting. The manager and staff were too busy talking and hashing out drama to provide any customer service.I mean...I'm not going to sugar coat it. Absolutely the worst experience I have ever had with a restaurant. I placed an order to-go ahead of time, and they said it was going to be ready in 15-20 minutes. It takes me 25 minutes just to get to this location specifically. When I get in, there was no one there to help me. No hostess. No waiter. Nothing. So i had to wait even a little longer till I see someone I can ask. Even some waiters saw me standing there and just continued on about their business. Trash. A hostess finally attends to me and when I told her I had to-go she went to the back to check. Tell my why she gunna say it'll be ready to soon. Keep in mind I had to get to class soon too. I decided to wait and man...worst decision ever. It legit took another 20 minutes till my food is ready. Like what? And how is some of the food hot and some of it cold. It's like they cooked the eggs first, then made some pancakes and sausages 20 minutes after the eggs been just sitting there. Lucky I can't give this place 0 stars and report it to shut down. If I could, I would. This ihop is such a waste of space, let a real caring restaurant be opened here. Not another chain franchise with absolutely trash service. I vowed to never go here again. I would rather eat water than try and get food here again. Don't EVER go here. EVER.The food was cold not put together and we ordered food and drinks for 5 people and we got one sandwich and no drinks. The door dash guy set it on the porch and walked away when we said something to him he said thats all they gave me and walked away. So not only does ihop suck in this area but the the 2 door dash people suck around here. If you look at my previous reviews you will see I post this with a heavy heart I don't like to give bad reviews!Was Really Great With Costumers I Asked For More Syrup And They Gave Me More Than I Asked Love thatMy waitress' name was Zeisha. She was hands down one of the worse humans I've ever had contact with. Where do I even begin. When we first got there she was very nonchalant and acted as if we were bothering her. She refused to check on us after constantly waving her over. Our food was bought to us by another waitress, and was incomplete. I then asked for what was missing, strawberry French toast, and it was bought back 10 minutes later. I then requested the strawberries that took an additional 20 minutes to come out. I sent it back all together because my friends were done eating by the time we were done. I sent it back all together because of my frustration. When I wanted to talk to the manager it took an additional 30 minutes before speaking to someone that wasn't even the manager. Overall I wasn't pleased.It is really really difficult to screw up breakfast food and I typically don't write unhappy reviews. But wow they really managed to do it. I ordered through DoorDash. The restaurant was only 10 minutes away and somehow my milk was warm and my crispy hash browns were soggy. I ordered the strawberry crepes and I wasn't given the vanilla sauce and barely any strawberry.....so I ate 3/4 crepes dry. Never eating at this location and never ordering IHOP for delivery again. Lesson learned.By far the customer service I have ever experienced in my life. And what's sad is I knew it was gonna be some bs because we don't even eat ihop. DO NOT EAT AT IHOP ON CARROLTON!!!!  Took 45 minutes for the drinks to come, didn't have cups napkins, table sugar nothing. And the server who was working our table never presented themselves . The lady who seated us took our order and did the best she could but she was not even working in our area. When asked for the manager they sent our a lady who claimed to be the manager she left after we told her the issue she never came back with a resolution. When we asked for the manager to come back another waitress says " she ain't the manager she got on the same clothes as us!" Then another waitress comes out with the bill , MIND YOU WE NEVER GOT ALL OF OUR FOOD! The only reason why we even stayed that long is because we were with Matt's grandpa who has more patience than us and we understood it would take a minute because it's Sunday after church. When we said we wouldn't pay until we see the manager she relayed the message to another waitress saying well she's gonna call the police on us. BUT NEVER PRESENTED HERSELF TO RECTIFY THE SITUATION! Y'all know I don't play when it comes to customer service. UNACCEPTABLE!!! And y'all know it's never about paying for something we were not trying to get out of paying we just wanted to see the manager. Whole Sunday goneRude staff and completely unwilling to go back and check if the Online Order came through. However I do know that it did come out of my bank account! Was never refunded and never seen one drop of foodOh wow... Where do I begin? I think this might be my lowest star review to date, but I see it's their average, so I'll rid myself of guilt off the bat. I'll start off by saying that I know IHOP isn't fine dining so I wasn't expecting much to begin with. I came here because my son was begging to know what this 24 hour breakfast chain was about. I was perfectly cool with not leaving a review until my experience became hilariously dysfunctional. 
1st, there was a 10 min wait at the "Wait to be seated" hostess stand with no hostess or waitress in sight. (The place was virtually empty.)
After we were greeted by a random restaurant employee, we were told to wait for a waitress to seat us. Another five minutes rolled by, and we were still waiting on someone to seat us. In a situation like this, you would expect a restaurant to be pretty bustling, but there was only one table occupied in the entire restaurant, and most of the employees in the place were sitting around at empty tables.
The waitress was very friendly, but she seemed to struggle with the basics of waitressing. We were a party of four, yet there were only two placesettings and one menu presented. I realized it was going to be a challenge for her, so I tried to keep things as simple as possible. The food was orderedand I asked for a couple of things like extra napkins, hot sauce, and two extra forks for the other people dining at our table. Each time the waitress brought back an item, she left off everything else so she had to keep making trips to the kitchen. I actually felt bad for her because I was trying to make it easy for her. I kept subtly reminding her of the next item, and it became pretty obvious that she was a "one task at a time" kind of lady. 
Fast forward to the food...
About 20 minutes after we ordered, I was told that my main item was not available. After re-ordering my food, our items started randomly arriving, in no particular order. That was no big deal, because we were still waiting on forks anyway. 
The food was what you would expect; not that great, but decent. My bacon was a little gross, and had that musty taste of old bacon left out all day. Coffee was plentiful... I like the fact that I had a big pot of coffee, even if it was weak and the color of tea. It is IHOP after all, right?
Like I mentioned earlier, I wasn't expecting much out of this food chain so I was prepared to just keep quiet. The dysfunction actually made for an entertaining dining experience for me and my kid. He couldn't believe how much they were struggling, considering we were the only ones dining at one point. 
It seemed like everything that could go wrong,did go wrong, which made for an ironically hilarious experience. It wasn't until after our meal that I had enough. What could actually go wrong now? A hair in the toddler's mac & cheese, of course! That's where I draw the line. Fun over. 
I sternly explained to my 13-year-old, that we would not be coming back here. To my surprise, he exclaimed, "Mom, it's ok and I understand. If they can't get it together for one table, can you imagine how crazy this place is when it's busy?"
I would be shocked if the IHOP lasted as long as the shortest lived business venture that ever lived in the Midcity. I'd feel bad if this was a local business, but I think they will survive in general, making sure that people all over this great country know what it's like to enjoy a mediocre pancake.Ok, this place has its issues, but I don't know that it deserves a 2.5 star rating. We stopped in after church for breakfast. 
I ordered the 2x2x2, which consists of 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, and your choice of bacon or sausage. I enjoyed my meal. The highlight were the pancakes, which were fluffy. They reminded me of McDonald's, so I'm sure they probably weren't very healthy. The eggs needed a little salt and pepper, and could have been softer. The bacon was good. I also ordered an Arnold Palmer and it didn't disappoint. 
So the issues were a longer-than-it-should-have-been wait to be seated; water dripping from the a/c vents; and they might be understaffed. Overall, not bad.I'm not sure why this location gets such bad reviews. It's a head scratcher. So, we decided to do something different this year and treated the kids to Christmas Day brunch. 
My wife and I ordered the breakfast sampler and the kids had chicken tenders. My sampler was bomb and such a great value. I had blueberry pancakes filled with blueberries, topped with blueberries and whipped cream, and drizzled in blueberry syrup. Oh yeah!! It had 4 tasty strips of bacon, 2 delicious sausage links, a serving of crispy, well seasoned hash browns and 2 scrambled eggs, which were on the overcooked side. I could excuse the eggs because everything else was on point. I don't even want to think about the calories, though. I'm sure I used all of my calories for the day on this one meal. My favorite drink--Arnold Palmer/Teamonade/Half Tea Half Lemonade--was also delicious. The perfect ratio of sweet tea and lemonade. 
Our server Michael was on his game. He was great. He was funny, personable, fast and made great recommendations. He even comped our drinks as a Christmas gift. It's the kind of service that turns you into a loyal customer. Thanks Michael!
The restaurant was very clean, quiet, and not crowded. It's a pleasure to eat out and we are grateful to be in a position to support the community.This was by far my least enjoyable experience at any restaurant. While we were seated quickly, everything was downhill from there. Waffles were so undercooked that there was liquid batter pouring out of them, pancakes were forgotten, requests were flat out ignored. We were told, not by staff, but by another customer who had been going up to several other tables telling them to quiet down, even though we were talking at just above a normal volume. A busser made someone in my party cry by making jokes about their relationship and continued to make unwanted jokes. To round off the entire experience, it took well over and hour to split the check which by the final version, was still incorrect. We will never be going back to this restaurant and will deter any sceptical person from going here.