My food only merited maybe two stars but I will give an extra star because I like the menu (and will try more of it) and their design and concept.  Sadly though, my tomato-basil soup tasted kind of like a weak marinara and my tuna melt type sandwich had a very sharp, off-putting flavor.  It was citrusy, for sure, and I love lemon in a tuna melt but perhaps this was lemon zest or something just way too overpowering?  I think next time I will focus on the dishes with cured Italian meats, mortadella and prosciutto.  And also the baked goods, those sounded pretty good, especially the Nutella bruschetta!Saddest thing about leaving New Orleans will be not going to Il Posto nearly every morning.  This place has everything I'd want from my neighborhood cafe fit with the best coffee, iced green tea with mint, bagels, caper berries and their homemade pumpkin chocolate chip delights.  The best place to go to relax after a hard week with some food and coffee.  Do yourself a favor and get one of their homemade oreo cookies.Truly awful! I chose this as my birthday lunch place with a friend. The counter clerk/meal maker was disinterested, bordering on rude. This is a small place, so four dirty, unbussed tables are noticeable. After cleaning our own table, we waited and waited. There was no one ahead of us. Finally our paninis were served: both were badly burned. Who serves burned food, unless you just don't care? The salad was bland. The coffee was fine.Ambience-very comfortable, day or night. Just a lovely delicious cup of coffee served in a   cup and saucer- lovely. It's so much more enjoyable this way. And the "regular" size is quite generous.  Don't come here if you'd prefer to pay a fortune for a coffee drink with a name you can't pronounce, and then sit at a table to drink it from a paper cup. This place makes you feel welcome to sit and take your time at a table looking out through the large glass front, at the crepe myrtle tree lined sidewalk and little globe lights on the front patio.  It's simply my favorite place in New Orleans to get my coffee zen on. (Oh, and they do great breakfast and lunch panini)I'm still a big fan of Il Posto (and the currrent duchess, thank you very much), but thought I would update my review based on my observations last night.
Tuesday & Wednesday nights from 5-8 and around 7 last night (a Tuesday) a small herd of cute 20-something gals all came strolling in. They weren't one big group either. So as my public service to single men of the appropriate age, go check it out.Il Posto is simply ill! In a good way -- like how wicked is cool! Anyway, I haven't had a lot of stuff here, but the pressed sandwiches are pretty amazing. They're large in portion and also very tasty! They come with a side salad, so you're definitely getting bang for your buck. I love the caprese. The prosciutto is also very good, but a tad bit salty. I guess proscuitto is always a bit salty, though. The vibe is very quaint and cute. I just wish it was closer to me so I could become a regular. On second thought, I don't want to have to buy a new wardrobe.When I went to eat here they were cleaning the ceiling fans right over where the food was being prepared.Tucked away on Dryades, uptown, this place is freaking cute as a button. The staff greeted us and proved very friendly. We had a late dinner of panini and salad. 10 bucks for a sandwich? Well, fresh mozzarella, pesto, and ripe tomatoes is worth it, plus you get a decent fresh ensalada too. Fresh is key here. I would have liked a bit more prosciutto on my sandwich to balance the cheese, but otherwise, delicious and great atmosphere.Im kind of glad that Im not the only one not singing Posto's praises.  While there wasnt anything horribly wrong with my lunch there, it really was a laclkluster experience for the pricetag. The service was minimal and I got the impression that I wasnt cool enough or European enough to be there. The salad and sandwich was tasty enough, but just not great. I was so excited reading the sammie descriptions, but then the actual product just kind of fell flat.  If you want a real sandwich served with a smile, go to st james!I like fancy sandwiches. I like good cheese, good cured meats, and toasty bread all smooched together. So why haven't I been to Il Posto before?! The only answer I have to that is that I am a moron. OK, maybe just clueless. A friend suggested that we either eat lunch at St. James or Il Posto and I informed her that I had never eaten at Il Posto. After she slapped me on the back of the head, we drove the few blocks over to the café. They use amazing cheeses and meats for delicious grilled sandwiches. I could not pass up some yummy prosciutto and mozzarella with pesto and a salad on the side. They went a bit heavy handed with the pesto, but overall the sandwich was warm, gooey, and delicious! The space is very cute, if not a bit cramped, and the staff was very friendly. Since it's close to my neck of the woods, I can't wait to make this a regular lunch stop for me.Il Posto is such a great neighborhood cafe - the food is top-notch and fresh, and the atmosphere is effortlessly bright and welcoming. The "hidden" back yard also is a perfect place to enjoy a couple of bottles of wine (yes, a couple because you won't want to leave once you get there). They do a great job catering to each time of day, so you can stop in in the morning for coffee and bagels/yogurt or swing by in the evening for a full meal. It's always hard to choose what to order, but my favorites are the bruschetta, grilled cheeses: the punch or the adventure, prosciutto panini, Italian tuna salad, shaved brussel sprout salad and any soup of the day. Such a gem for that neighborhood and well-worth a drive!Ok I went here after hearing from several girls I know about how great, fresh, and wonderful it is.  I'm sure the food is fresh, light, and delicious to some people but I have to totally disagree with anyone that calls it "healthy" as it certainly isn't.  They do offer lots and lots of nice looking desserts but everything on the menu, other than the soups, seems very heavy on the carbs, fats, and sugars here so I think some girls delude themselves that they are eating "healthy" here just to justify being able to order the super desserts as a "reward" for their "healthy" eating (if I ate this kind of food ratio often I would be huge!).  The menu is also a bit on the expensive side for the small portion sizes.  
They really didn't have anything I liked (I love meat but don't eat pig) but the soups were decent but not good enough for the price.  This is definitely a place for a "light" lunch.  Il Posto really just reminds me of a coffee shop that decided to throw in some sandwiches (but use some quality ingredients to make them a bit fancier).  The seating area is TINY and has very little space.  
I just find this is a place for dainty girls to eat and not men so I will never be back as it just isn't my type of food.  If you like this type of food and like light lunches this is certainly a place you might want to check out.  If I'm in this area I will be going to Pascal's Manale or Charlie's Steakhouse instead for my healthy food :)I really don't like Il Posto. I rate this on the basis of several breakfasts. 
I find their breakfast menu uninspired and lazy, and their service matches their menu. My final straw was this morning when I arrived with a group of eight as the restaurant opened. There was one person behind the bar, and he was clearly not interested in being there or providing even adequate customer service. He looked hungover as he reached into the cookie jar to grab one for himself. I asked for a hard boiled egg in addition to my bagel. He looked at the basket (do they leave their eggs out overnight?!) and said they were out. I suppose as part of their lazy personna, they cannot exert the energy to actually boil more eggs. In the morning. For breakfast. He was very slow to take the group's orders at the counter. He then slowly prepared the food (again, we're talking uninspired food--bagels and yogurt) but did not bother to tell us when he was done. So, we waited and waited. We were at a large table around the corner and were trying to be patient. The food, when we noticed it was ready, was fine. Then, someone at the table did not get served yogurt and granola that he had  ordered. He and I went up, and the employee said that he had written down three orders of the yogurt and had made three. He continued to insist on this point and felt no responsibility to make the situation right despite the fact that his customer had paid for it.
I have never wanted to reach into a tip jar and remove my tip after a meal, but I really wanted to this time.Everything I've had here tastes fantastic and reasonably priced.  Beware the dessert bruschetta - it is so simple yet one bite will send you spiraling out of control in a fit of gluttony accompanied by a mild separation of body and soul.Their paninis are great. And they have one of the few salads I eat! They also have an adorable hodge podge of tables in the yard out back. Great on a sunny day!Disgruntled staff working alone with no oversight. I ordered a bagel. He took my payment at the cash register  when I ordered and proceeded to make my order with out washing his hands while also coughing and sniffling with a runny nose. Needless to say, I decided to just walk out as it both disgusting and not worth getting sick to get my bagel. Tried calling to speak with a manager to get a refund of my $7.05, but no manager or alternate staff is available. Not sanitary.I am so happy I finally got a chance to try this amazing spot. Its nestled in on Dryades street away from street traffic and therefore hard to find if you don't know about it. 
Il Posto is definitely my new favorite sandwich shop in New Orleans. They have an amazing sandwich and salad selection. It is so refreshing to have some quality, delicious, tasty and healthy salads in New Orleans. Trust me I've searched around the city and can confirm that a healthy salad is hard to come by down here.  There is also a wide selection of meats and cheeses served on your choice of bread either as a traditional sandwich or grilled panini (see menu).  
The inside is a bit cramped (due to popularity) but its a great spot for a quick and healthy breakfast and/or lunch with friends.Just hit up Il Posto the other night after not visiting for years: I was reminded of why I used to regular! The strawberry toast special was to die for (strawberries, goat cheese and balsamic on soft yummy bread), the sandwiches simple and delicious (the frenchie and chicken salad), and they had a short but solid wine selection. I would kill for that salad dressing recipe too! From the moment I stepped in the door and smelled simple amazingness, until I left full and happy, Il Posto was divine. The power went out while eating...and out came candles and some lanterns. Absolutely adorable. The service was very accommodating (hooked me up with a heavy pour of wine) and friendly! I'll be back regularly now that I am back to work in the neighborhood!I wish Il Posto were 24 hours. It's so quiet and cozy. The food is always excellent: that side salad that comes with every sandwich is divine. I love the soups, and the antipasto plate is an excellent treat. I love to email and write here, it's so relaxed. 
Tuesday and Wednesday nights, they'll set you up with free appetizers and live music-- but it's the kind of etherial live music that doesn't assault and insult. I guess I'm a little sensitive to noise levels, that might not be a concern to some. (I like to be able to hear the intro to the first song on Dark Side of the Moon in my headphones. If I can't, it's too loud.)Great food, cozy neighborhood feeling. Attention to detail on the entrees. Salads!!!  
recommended!I'm giving this place five stars for its food. Yes it's pricey, and sometimes it takes a while. But you will get a great sandwich/salad/soup whatever from there, and that is reason alone to go.the italian hero has the yummiest amount of balsamic in it, just makes you want to wolf it down!  had the tomato basil soup as well which was so nice and thick!  the crazy part was it was vegan!  i never would have guessed!Il Posto is a very interesting concept, simple, fresh good food in a nice space.  The food was tasty, we had a tuna salad and a Hero panini. Everything was fresh and good. Unfortunately, the service is horrible.  No "hello" when you walk through the door. The gentleman who works the counter has an odd holier than thou attitude.  They need at least one server/food runner.  The guy running the show has such a strange attitude that I doubt I will ever go back again.  The owner, who is also the chef, was pleasant enough, and they were pretty busy.  I can't stress enough how rude and unhelpful the guy at the counter was.  Get over yourself, brah. A shame that the food was great, because I'll never go back.Il Posto is tiny, and it's located on a "nowhere" corner in the dead of uptown, but it's an excellent place to stop in for an espresso, a gourmet grilled cheese sandwich or a salad. I've had their "bruschetta grilled cheese," with fresh tomatoes, garlic and basil grilled between two crusty slices of Italian artisan bread. It was really good. I've also had their Italian tuna sandwich...no mayonnaise on this, just a high-quality oil-packed tuna with a lemony dressing. So good. Their coffee and espresso is not mind-blowing, but certainly as good as CC's or Hey Cafe or any of the other places you could visit in the area. There are 7-8 small tables and chairs where you can sit and eat your food, drink your coffee and even use the wi-fi, although I wouldn't really suggest Il Posto as the kind of coffee shop where you should park yourself for hours. The seating is somewhat limited, so it seems a bit rude to overstay your welcome. The staff has always been friendly, even if they are sometimes flustered during peak hours. I've never had their baked goods, but I've heard very good things. I've been to Il Posto many times, and doubtless I will return.This is a small place but can do really good...Food was OKAY...but everything else not good... We had difficult finding a table, no one even said a word.. when asked where can we sit suggestion was you can sit outside.. Well it's rainy season people..finally we found a table, which was not clean and no one even bothered to clean it... thats not it... there were small bugs flying... Finally we placed order and it took forever to get it on table.. Word of advise if you have kids please don't consider this place... Good LuckLove their tuna sandwich and Brussels sprout salad!!! Never leave here without a pumpkin chocolate chip cookie either! So good.went back again with friends. the waiter was even more disgusting than the other two previous waiters/ cooks I had mentioned.
he kept passing his dirty hands through his hair and then handling money and credit cards and without a beat went on to serve food and back to his greasy hair.
I shouldn't have given them another chance. my stomach was so upset from this sight I did not order anything.
I'll never go again..A perfect gem! The food here is extremely yummy and they serve the best cup of coffee in the city. NYC bagels toasted in a panini press is genius! The back patio is a super bonus. Overall, Il Posto has winning charm and delicious food and I'm so glad it's here.Prior to today's visit, I was comfortable resting my sandwich loyalties at Stein's and St. James Cheese Co.  My experience, however, convinced me that Il Posto should be slotted as a regular lunch spot.
The day time mood on Dryades is neighborhood-y and the physical restaurant has the character of a classic New Orleans home.
I was happy to see fresh ingredients on the chopping block when I placed my order.  The peach lemonade was fresh squeezed and beyond delicious.  The fact that La Boulangerie provides breads adds an extra dynamic to the variety of paninis, soups and salads.  I couldn't resist the blueberry tart and guiltily ate it prior to my sandwich.  
Before today's visit, I once popped in for a glass of wine.  While I depraved myself of any eats, I did appreciate the pleasant atmosphere at dusk.Went with my friend from work for lunch. The grilled cheese was delicious( we added Apple to it). The iced tea is from England and was wonderful. We sat on the patio which left a little to be desired. It was a nice shaded space but needed a Gardner and some TLC.A very charming little cafe uptown, kinda of a tight squeeze ordering at the register, but nothing to complain about. The atmosphere, layout, and aroma 1st reminded me of La Madeline in the FQ when I used to visit 15 or so years ago). I ordered the Bruschetta which was a delish balance of fresh herbs,  tomato, cheese, and perfectly toasted bread. My iced au lait had a wonderful taste to it that left me wanting more! 
We witnessed a couple of salads that looked to die for and vowed to be back soon for those, along with PASTRIES! 
One thing that hit me hours after I left - we were enjoying lunch along with a couple of fancy older women meeting their daughters/grandaughters, a family gathering complete with at least 3 generations, an attractive young couple showing of their gorgeous newborn, and a couple of swanky girls sipping coffee and reading books. Everyone had a smile on their face...made for a Christmas nice movie set, haha.
The service was swift, especially considering only 2  ppl were managing the register and food prep....PROPS!I'm a big fan of this place. It often feels like one of the few places in New Orleans that actually serves vegetables; they have great salads, sandwiches, and drinks. The environment is lovely and that it's tucked away out of the main thoroughfares of uptown/lower garden district makes it feel even more like a hidden gem. In good weather, the back courtyard is not to be missed!Delicious food & beverage, warm atmosphere, and cozy dining area. If I lived nearby this would become a spot to hangout.I've enjoyed several lunches at Il Posto and plan on making it a part of my restaurant rotation.  The paninis are delicious and the majority are vegetarian.  
The place is totally refreshing and way cute.  We need more places like this in New Orleans for sure.The best coffee and scones in town. Hands down. 
Sweet neighborhood establishment!I'm a little disappointed in this place right now. I like to stop there - good coffee and good scones. This morning I ordered a bagel and the woman behind the counter was not friendly. She looked miserable. I was sorta miffed about the service but didn't think it was worth writing a review until I opened my bagel. I asked for it toasted and it's not. I saw her put it in the toaster but it's not even warm. 
I know this isn't a big deal but when you're really looking forward to that one bagel on "treat day" or whatever lame first-world thing we all do, you want it toasted!!! 
And she skimped on the cream cheese, too. 
They should care more about their guest experience. Coffee is still good, though.My second visit here was a couple of months ago, both of my visits were with a friend of mine. This is a great small shop. It is all street parking, so keep that in mind, but no meters, so that is good.
The food is healthy, and is a great little shop to sit and talk with friends or to use as a study spot while eating. From what I understand, there is a patio area to sit at out back, though I have not seen it. The restrooms are neat and clean. They do have free appetizers on occasion. All of the food I have had has been quite delicious. For some reason, despite the fact that this is a down to earth type place, I want to use larger words to describe the atmosphere.
You walk in, go to the left, grab a menu, pick what you want, order and pay at the counter. Once you have paid, find a seat and get settled in. The sandwiches are all made to order, and the baked goods at the counter will tempt you into delicious town. The dining area is neat and clean.
Their fresh baked good are good. I look forward to coming back and bringing friends with me.Eh.  
I've been walking past this place since I moved to the neighborhood about two months ago, and I got mixed reviews from everyone I asked so it wasn't very high on my priority list.  Finally gave it a try this afternoon, and I can see why I got the response I did.
First off, this has nothing to do with the layout or interiors - I kind of like the funky coffeehouse vibe it gives off.  Throw in the fact that there were college students at one table outlining some gender studies article, and a we-clearly-have-little-in-common-but-our-food-hasn't-come-yet first date at another table.  Cute and charming and neighborhood-y
Really the first thing I didn't enjoy was the counter experience.  A purple-haired girl who was making another order of food, taking a coffee order, and then barista-ing was clearly working hard.  The guy who kept peeking out of the back and pretending not to see me in line, and then giving snarky, rude answers to the girl in front of me who asked how the salad dressing was made, was not working hard.  He took my order when the other counter employee asked him to help out, but not without throwing a bit of attitude first.
I mentioned two paninis which had caught my eye and asked him which one he would recommend.  However, instead of saying "Caprese panini" I said "Bruschetta panini" by accident, and he gave me some wicked attitude about how something like that doesn't even exist.  Considering they are basically the same ingredients, I'd argue "something like that" DOES exist, but I digress.  He was pretty rude about it, especially seeing as how asking for recommendations from a restaurant employee isn't, like, outside the realm of normalcy.  
Purple-hair girl made my panini while I waited, and just when I thought "Man this is taking a while", she called me up to grab my food.  Walked home, opened up the container...panini was pretty burnt.  Like, one whole side was blackened, and the other side was pretty dark for what started out at ciabatta bread.  Got through about half of it, but between the bitterness of the burnt bread and the carcinogenic aftertaste, I gave up.  Ate about half the salad, but there was lettuce that had "gotten small" as my boss likes to say.  AKA, wilted from age.  Eh.
Dressing was good though.  The girl in front of me was right about that.Fresh and healthy!!!!  If you are in the mood for a light lunch this is the place to eat.  I ordered the Tuna and White Bean Sandwich on Ciabatta.  The tuna was just the right mixture of flavors-- some herbs, not oily, and quality tuna.  The sandwich came topped with delicious lettuce and tomato; it is worth mentioning they must have purchased from an organic farm. The Ciabatta was perfectly toasted defining the sandwich as perfection.
The staff was very nice.  You order from the counter and they bring the food to your table.  Since this is my first time eating here, the staff was very patient and offered to get me a beverage while I reviewed the menu.
Lastly, I noticed they serve wine and meat/cheese platters which would make this a nice, casual mid-afternoon date location.
Enjoy!I really used to love this place, but the service here has become much worse in the past few visits. The staff is very smug and disrespectful, and the fact that one tips at the counter makes it all the more annoying. 
I really hope they can turn this problem around, otherwise I don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.Cute. Small. Clean. A nice place to get a bagel and lox. The servers were a tad low energy for me, but I'd return.Yowza.  Does a lunch place get any better?
Il Posto is tucked into a funny little block uptown, across from a dry cleaner, but really just in a residential neighborhood.  It can get superbusy (particularly on weekends around brunch/lunch time), but typically, it's worth the wait.  They've got a pretty brilliant selection of panini, espresso, cured meats and other Italian delights.  
I've usually stuck to the salads (fresh with an amazing light, citrus-y dressing) or the panini.  Today, I ventured into the grilled cheese realm, and let me tell you, it's a wormhole of melty deliciousness that I may never return from.  The Bruschetta Grilled Cheese was an uplifting (yep, in the closer-to-god kinda way) take on grilled cheese with tomato.  Their bruschetta has the perfect blend of tomato and garlic  and made me feel like not every grilled cheese needs bacon on it (?!?!?!).  It's true though.  This was a complete grilled cheese.  Paired with either an iced coffee or a lemonade, it doesn't even need to be a dark and stormy night for this comfort food to be comforting.
For breakfast, I'd swing towards hard boiled eggs with either bagels or toast or their amazing granola.  What you REALLY shouldn't pass up though, it the dessert bruschetta--fresh-baked bread that's toasted and topped with fresh berries and Nutella (how could you go wrong?)I've been coming to this place since it opened, and it was really nice and quaint. However, recently, it has gone somewhat downhill with high prices for food that you could easily make at your house.Il Posto is a great alternative to a typical heavy NOLA lunch.  Light sandwiches, soups, and salads are the main event.  Although the pastries are pretty tempting.  Breakfast items are limited to bagels, hard boiled eggs, and occasionally quiche.  GREAT environment.Closed Monday.  Tucked in a residential part of Uptown neighborhood (Freret section). Unpretentious décor.  Gourmet Italian sandwiches, cheeses, salads, panini, at a moderate price.  Great wines and limonade.  Owner/chef from NOLA to Milan to Gramercy Park, Manhattan, to NOLA.I really like this place.  It is a quaint (sometimes crowded) old house with an outdoor space that could be really nice with some care.
Espresso, panini, & salads are great here!  The prices are reasonable, the ingredients are high quality, and the portions are generous.
If the owners or management could spend a little bit of money and effort on the courtyard, it could be really nice!  It is in need of some grooming, better furniture, etc.  When they spruce up the outdoor space, I would go here much more often!Overpriced. $3 for 1/2 a glass of green tea? No! They charged me for ice! Are you kidding!? Tomato soup needs to be strained; We each, essentially, got a cup of tomato seeds. I paid for 2x meat on my panini and got 1 tiny sliver of extra meat compared to hers. Our sandwiches (not a panini, a sandwich) was a 4"x4"x3" loaf of bread with about 1/16" of meat. So not worth $13. Dinner for 2 = $46 for lots of bread? We won't be back.Only place I've been to in New Orleans where I'm actually inclined to order a salad.  The beet and walnut salad is great- huge chunks of  gorgonzola.  
This place does well with cheese, and what's really special here is the Adventure grilled cheese, which takes that kick-ass gorgonzola and presses it with walnuts and honey between fontina. 
It's got a casually sophisticated (but unpretentious), beautifully-lit interior on a quiet, mostly residential street.  Good place to read, good place for conversation, etc.  And the people who work here are always cool.  Lately, they've been playing a strange mix tape that alternates between New Orleans jazz and Joni Mitchell.  Joni always goes well with a book and a cafe.
This is definitely a more urban spot that doesn't fit in with the usual New Orleans mode, and frankly, as blasphemous as it may sound, a respite from crawfish and po boys can be realllly welcome sometimes.Food 3.5
Environment 5
Il Posto doesn't have the best paninis in the world but theyre one of the few places that has them in New Orleans. The food wont necessarily blow you away,  but its a quiet and quaint lunch spot and great place for a first date. In addition, the lighter healthier options are in shop contrast to what is offered in numerous locations around New Orleans. Il Posto is a nice change of pace in a city that is known for gravy drenched poboys and everything that is fried. 
Warning: The peach lemonade was definitely over hyped and the lemon taste was far too overpowering in comparison to the peach.Went with my boyfriend for a late breakfast / lunch. I got a bagel with cream cheese tomato and avocado that I enjoyed. He ordered the caprese panini that came with a salad. I didn't taste his sandwich but he said it was just ok. His salad came with some Dijon type mustard based dressing that I loved but he wasn't crazy about. Coffee and tea were both delicious (I ordered raspberry herbal and he got a mocha coffee). Will definitely be back to try some more breakfasts items since it's tucked in our neighborhood and will definitely be checking out the Tuesday and Wednesday happy hour.This place is really good. The staff is knowledgable; the food is tasty; the wine is good (but limited). We love these quirky little neighborhood cafes. Lots of sandwich varieties.This is a great sandwich/salad place.  The coffee is good, though I wish they were a little more authentic to Italian sizes/consistencies (hence only 4 stars).  But like I said, this is a gread food place.  The ingredients are amazingly fresh, and the breads are to die for.  I've had salad, panino, various baked goods, and the bean/hummus crostini which was to die for.  I love the Italian cafe atmosphere, and if you order champagne, it comes in an ice bucket made from an old olive oil container.  I do wish they had room for outdoor tables.I love Il Posto! 
The food is amazing and the coffee is even more amazing. The staff are always super nice and helpful/knowledgeable when asked about menu items. Make sure you come in on a Tuesday or Wednesday night for their happy hour- free appetizers (brussel sprouts and hummus crostini, yummy!!) and awesome drink specials. Definitely one of my favorite cafes to study in.Over priced, poor service, but a great courtyard. Good quality ingredients, but the small portions make it an unfulfilling experience.Love this little quaint Café. Had a business meeting there but I will go back to give a better review.I used to go to Il Posto for breakfast on a regular basis. I endured the rude person behind the counter until I couldn't take it any more. Now I take my business elsewhere where the people are friendly and they welcome me! What a relief. So glad I made the break.Not the cleanest cafe I've seen. But they have some unique panini.
Apparently not all panini is the same. This was a nice change of pace.As previously noted, I am an Italophile of the first order-well so is owner Madison Curry. If you love both traditional and inventive panini's and tramezzini, as well as good old fashioned grilled cheese sandwiches, again both traditional and outre', come on down! My fave is the pesce (italian canned tuna, onions and avocado (amazing!!)
   If you'd like to enjoy a lovely salad, the beet and walnut with gorgonzola kicks ass.
   You can also enjoy a variety of salumi with a fine Italian red or white.
   Finally, there are bagels and fresh baked scones (along with the rest of the menu) available for breakfast.
    Finally, they make yummy cupcakes and insane, inflated houesmade oreos.il posto is a lovely, simple, clean, unexpected little cafe/ coffee shop on dryades between valence & cadiz.  the owner, madison, spent 10 years managing a cafe in new york city, and you can find her there preparing food, chatting with customers, bussing tables, and working the register.
the atmosphere is simple, clean and easy going.  it's sort of a blend of a coffee shop and a cafe.  There are plenty of high quality, thoughtful, fresh, delicious food selections, but in the laid back context you'd find at a coffee shop. 
the salads remind me of something that one would eat at an outdoor piazza in florence or the tuscan countryside.  not sure if she's still making them, but the crostinis are to die for.  
BYOB $5 corkage
this neighborhood treasure is worthy of a visit day or night.  i could sit and have a latte bowl there for hours.  did i mention she also plays lovely music?  
before they opened a couple months ago, these were the hours they advertised (not sure if they've changed):
Tuesday-Thursday 7am-9pm
Friday 7am-10pm
Saturday 8am-10pm
Sunday 8am-8pm
Monday CLOSEDThis is a really nice looking restaurant with very good potential. When I ordered the guy seemed like I was annoying him by being there. Then to make it worse after he handled my cash and gave me change he made my panini without washing his hands in between. I got the Hero, it wasn't bad but it definitely wasn't worth the price. To be honest if I was in this area I'd just go a few blocks down to St. James Cheese shop because its just so much better.I would have gladly given this establishment 5 stars if the staff had been friendlier. The food was indeed excellent. I read the reviews before I went, and decided to go anyway. The other reviewers are spot on. The atmosphere was inviting. But the girls working looked over worked and under paid. They seemed absolutely miserable to be there. Not one smile was cracked no matter how many "Thank You's" I gave them. No hello. No "thanks for coming." Nothing. Very disappointing. If you're looking for great Italian panini's, soups and salads without so much as a smile from the wait staff, then this is your place. I'll be back. But I'll probably just order to-go.Pleasant cafe on a residential street. Just 2 other people midmorn on a Thurs. Friendly barista. Vanilla latte and granola yogurt and fruit for $10. Free wifi. Louisiana blues playing. Very nice and quiet! Seems like it would be a good place to work, but not so great for people-watching.Very nice casual atmosphere, tasty salad. A little hard to find because it's tucked away in a residential neighborhood.my absolute favorite place for sunday lunch.
the milano is to die for.
the bruschetta grilled cheese makes you wanna be re-born!The pictures enticed me to give Il Posto a try and I went there yesterday and was pleasantly surprised that there was a happy hour running until 8:00pm.  There were free roasted brussel sprouts, bread with humus, and baked veggie chips (cold and stale entirely).
Abita was $2 and $1 off all glasses of wine ($2 off a bottle).
On my way in the door I almost slipped and died on oil somebody or something leaked all over the door step.  I said "wow there is something really slippery on the floor here.  I think it's oil, see."  The completely silent bearded man looked at me and looked back at the sandwich presses without so much as a second glance.
The menu had salads, cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, and paninis.  I couldn't really understand what was in most of the sandwiches as far as meat goes, but I ordered the "Italian Hero" and was greeted with a panini with one thin slice of baloney, one thin slice of salami, one slice of tomato and one thin slice of some kind of bland melted cheese.
My side salad was three pieces of shredded lettuce with parmesan cheese.
I came here because the pictures of the paninis on yelp were overflowing with cheeses and luscious ingredients.
$10 bucks for a hot baloney sandwich.
Nothing was terrible.  Nothing was impressive.  Although the carrot cake cupcake was good.
As uptown sandwiches go, since Il Posto is only half a mile from St. James I will likely never stop back in as the sandwiches and cheese are far superior at James.I really like il Posto, but it had been a while since I'd been there. I picked up one of their Groupons recently to have an excuse to return. il Posto is a sweet little spot Uptown with sandwiches, soups and salads. They also have a handful of selections for wine by the glass, and a few simple desserts. I think we got the carrot cake cupcake, which was tasty.This place is a perfect lunch destination!  I got the 1/2 soup (tomato basil) 1/2 sandwich (classic grilled cheese) and a lg cafe au lait.  My lunch was perfect comfort food!  Loved it.I looove Il Posto. It's quiet, beautiful, and delicious. Their sandwiches are all made on really nice bread, and they don't skimp on fillings. Their side salad isn't just a salad - it's a really really good salad. 
All of their sandwiches are absolutely delightful. You really can't go wrong.
I really love how QUIET this place is - I can come here and study. I also feel like while you are paying a lot, you're getting a good bang for your buck.A nice glass (er, bottle) of Pinot Grigio for an extra $2 off, live guitar player, and all you can eat free appetizers - all for their Happy Hour, which is until 7 pm.  Definitely a fan.  Their homemade oreos were tempting, but we resisted.  We will just have to go back.After several visits the sandwiches are still great!  I am looking forward to enjoying the outdoor tables when the relentless heat of summer finally breaks.I've always enjoyed the food here but yesterday the service I got made me not want to come back. Got in line to order food, when it was my turn to order I stepped up, said "good morning" and got nothing in return but a stare. No return "good morning", no "may I help you?", no "hi". Nothing. Nada. So, then I think maybe it's me. My friend joins me at the counter, says "Good Morning" as well. Same thing. Both of us check out, pay, not even a "thank you". This was after I watched him have a perfectly nice and friendly conversation with the person ahead of me in line. In a city renowned for its hospitality, I find this to be terribly rude. Il Posto you are not the only game in town for breakfast or lunch. My dollars will be going to places that look like they appreciate my business.I gave this place another try, I ordered a veggie bagel and the avocado was rotten and almost black. I would have been embarrassed to serve that to someone! Not to mention the fact that this place is not cheap. I use to love this place and I have no idea what happened, new management? I hope they can turn it around!I've heard a lot about Il Posto, but I'd never taken the time to check it out until now. The food was fantastic, the service was great, and the place is absolutely adorable. I had the prosciutto panini. It was a perfect mixture of bread, cheese, and prosciutto.  I also recommend the hummos, homemade oreos, and the peanut butter fudge frosted cupcake.BLUF:  Cool little artisan eatery in cool residential part of Uptown.  Good food and staff.  Very chill place.  If choosing meats/cheeses I recommend getting help from the staff if you dont know what you are doing.
Went for their happy hour on Wednesday.  $1 off wines and free appetizers.  Appetizers were really good; sweet potato chips (soft not crispy) and bruschetta.  Both were good.  Their wines are pretty expensive $9 but you have to remember you are at a restaurant that has a happy hour and not a bar so the prices are standard.
Order at the counter; helpful staff.  We split a pannini with procuito, cheese and basil pesto.  It was good and a good size.  
We also got a cheese/meat tray.  The meats and cheeses were average at best but that could be our fault since we chose them.  The meats were very very thin with not much taste or substance.  Not bad but not exciting.  The cheese were just not a great flavor which is our fault for ordering and the fault of our palates.  They were high quality and given in good proportion.***However, the extras they send with the cheese/meat plates are awesome.  Great multigrain bread, olive oil/balsamic, fruits, walnuts, giant capers, peppers.  Really great condiments for the meats and cheeses.  I just need to do a better job ordering i think.  I recommend getting suggestions from the staff.  
Definitley a cute little place in a nice residential NOLA neighborhood. I'd go back but no rush.Again, Yelping... This time for Italian.  Great Date Night place.  We shared a platter & Milano panini at the suggestion of the very nice girl at the counter... Yum Yummy Again :)...  Will keep it in our rotation...I fail to see how this place gets good reviews. In the past month, I've been 4 times and only once have I received mediocre service. It's always slow, they dont wear hairnets or gloves. The guy making the sandwiches is munching while making them. It took a good 20 mins extra to  get my sandwich while my girlfriend had had hers. It's just seriously flawed and the owners don't care. There are much better places to go in the city that value customers and actually service the business.Il Posto is a little cafe that packs a big punch when it comes to taste. I enjoyed the amazing Classic Prosciutto pressed sandwich with its abundance of fresh mozzarella.  The sandwich was complemented by a nice green salad. 
My friend ordered the Bruchetta, and  was kind enough to let me taste it. WOW. I will definitely be back to try more of Il Posto's menu. I MUST try their baked goods at some point...they look incredible. 
The cafe itself is small, and if you don't go early, you may find yourself waiting for a table. If you have the time, it is worth the wait.I can't review their food yet because I only had a latte, but it really wasn't worth it. I drank a few sips and then decided I didn't want to finish it. But, in their defense, the food smelled amazing! AMAZING!!!!! I really can't wait to go back to try the food.I am the Duke of this place (I live just a few doors down!), and I truly love their pressed panini, especially my favorite, the Classic prosciutto with red peppers. The house salad dressing (lemon herb vinaigrette) is to-die-for, and the staff is friendly enough. My only complaint is that their tables are always dirty, the tub for dirty dishes is always out in plain view and more often than not full, and I always have to wipe down my own table and pick up my own dishes. But as I stated before, their food is very good and the atmosphere very casual and homey. By the way, if available, the tomato soup is a must!Awesome coffee shop. 
It's cute, with a cozy vibe, it's in a neighborhood where it looks like some locals come to read the paper or read for a bit, the barista makes you feel like he was expecting you and is ready to make your latte or bagel or whatever it may be.
I got a latte with a California style bagel, which had cream cheese, onions, tomatoes, and I think cheese in it. It was tasty and warm, lathered with that cream cheese, just the way I like my bagels. 
The card machine was having problems when my friend and I went, but before we left after doing some work and chatting, the barista informed us that it was working again, and just that simple courtesy was nice.
Very quaint and peaceful - perfect to get whatever work done.
Good background music too.
Check them out!