I love all kinds of icy sweet treats, but this thing was SO cloying and sweet and SO fake tasting, I had to throw it out after a few bites. Day-glo yellow food coloring was splashing and staining everywhere. Hubby had a similar reaction, though I think he had a few more bites of his before giving up. . And we each got Mediums, which could feed four people. Sad to waste it... Cute place, friendly service, why are the only toppings in such lurid colors and flavors that make Slurpies seem wholesome?Someone who went to school in New Orleans told me that I had to try this place out. When she first described it to me, I already envisioned the bad, tough, inedible snow-cones from the icecream trucks. I even thought of those cheap snow-cone carts in Washington Heights. But Imperial Woodpecker Sno-balls did nothing but impress my taste buds.
Perfectly smooth shaved ice with home-made syrups.
I have a traditional 8oz Sweet Lou (a nutty flavored syrup) topped with condensed milk that simply hit my sweet tooth with some New Orleans Style lovin'!
You simply have not had a dessert like this before. Your taste buds will thank me later.Their fresh juice selection was delicious.  Grapefruit and basil cooled me off. =DNothing better on a hot day.. I had the birthday cake with strawberry and there were sprinkles!  So yummy!  Sad that the pop up shop is closed..Not your ordinary snow ball stand. I was skeptical at first because it's in a touristy area by the waterfront, but was pleasantly surprised. As I waited in a short line, I started getting overwhelmed. There are endless flavor combinations to choose from and the font was so tiny I almost couldn't read the flavors, haha. 
I tried the horchata and king's cake flavors together because I wanted to try something outside of the usual fruity flavors. I think the king cake overpowered the horchata, but definitely the whole thing was still delicious. Don't forget the condensed milk and/or ice cream on top! 
With only two people working at a time, expect to wait about 10 minutes for your snowball. They have a small picnic table by the stand, but it was nice to walk around by the water or eat it by the fountain in the Spanish square. This is a great stand to cool down from the heat and humidity.So you all should come here and visit my gf (she is the pretty one :D, wait...prettiest one), and give her big tips! haha. I have been here several times now to visit my gf as she works. Neesa (the owner) is very friendly, and seems to know everyone in the area. I think they all stop to talk to her and comment on how they are glad she is back for the summer. I've enjoyed hanging out with her, she is very friendly. There are a ton of flavors to choose from, and making a decision can be kinda daunting. My top recommendation would be the dreamsicle w/ marshmallow fluff. Tiger blood is also good and fun.The place is so cute!!! I love how colorful it is and the happy pillow. It was a little hard to find at first because it a upstairs shop. There is so many choices, I didnt know what to pick. My bf asked the the lady who was going to serve us for suggestions. She was really helpful and helped us pick something according to our taste. I asked for something that would go with condensed milk and she replied that she thinks everything goes good with condensed milk, which made me laugh. But she also suggested top sellers for us. My bf ordered the tiger blood I believed it was called with condensed milk. I ordered strawberry with condensed milk. I loved how it came in a chinese take out container. It was so yummy, especially on a hot day. I ate some at the shop and drank the rest. I like how u can eat and drink it. The staff there was super nice, my bf dropped his snow ball by accident and they made him a new one. We would have shared mine, but they offered to give him a new one. We felt bad for the mess but they offer us water to clean off his hands and they cleaned up the mess for us. They made us feel like it wasn't a big deal which I liked because it was a accident. In addition, they kept checking up on us to make sure everything was ok. I love the staff and the snow balls. I cant wait to try the other favors!I love this place for sno-balls! The sizes are very generous - and they pile them up high! I have gotten a few of their flavors and have never been disappointed. I have also gotten condensed milk and they are VERY generous with their servings with this as well - next time I think I will ask them to put some in the middle as well. 
The service is fast. You usually get your sno-ball within 5 minutes. They accept cash and card - which is really nice! I don't think they charge an extra fee for using credit card. 
There is no designated parking but there is plenty of street parking near by!So, my friend took us here after the bar. It was a good dessert. I really like shaved ice! I think it is a bit over-priced, but it's not like you would come here everyday, lol.
There are two round tables, seating four each.
It's literally just shaved ice, with flavored syrups poured over it. Don't know why the first time was so delicious and the second time (with a deal) was not that great :l The girl also heard my order wrong. Of course I want 2 flavors per cup... what's the point of getting just one flavor when I can have two?!?!Amazing Sno Balls! It has such a large variety of flavors you can't even imagine. The owner is super sweet and friendly too. I had a birthday cake cream and cherry cheesecake SnoBall topped with condensed milk...and it it definitely tastes as good as it sounds. It was also worth the money for sure. Never had anything like it.  I'm craving for some again, that's for sure!Sooo Legit!!!!!!!
There are sooooooo many good things to say about IWSno-balls. I've been an avid shaved ice, sno-ball, italian ice, icee, anything ice fan since my corner pizza joints starting scooping up the rainbow stuff. I remember as a kid, I would gather every dime and nickel around the house just to get taste on a hot summer day. Sounds like my addiction starting at a young age. But then there was IWSno-balls and it brought back all the good vibes with an addition dose of condensed milk. I've read and heard about Nessa's shop, but I finally got to meet her. Not only did she introduced me to Sweet Nectar Cream, the stuff that got me feining, she was straight up awesome, and the reason I come back.
Bring your kids, bring the wife, bring the whole class, a friend, just do them the favor.Delicious sno balls served by friendly people. There are a wide variety of flavors beyond the usual, and the servings are huge. The shaved ice was the perfect consistency because it didn't melt at all and contained just enough syrup to the last bite. Wish they were open year around and would highly recommend this business as a lighter and colder summer dessert alternative to other bakeries and such nearby in the W Village. Loved the grape, tigers blood and dreamsicle flavors.The ice is similar to Hansen's. Really good. Lots of good flavors and some experimental ones. It's the kind of snoball you eat, no so much drink. If you're looking for more juice/syrup, let it sit for 15 minutes before you dive in. It's a little on the pricey side for a snoball... I paid $5 for a medium but I did have cream flavors so... 
They were also out of my favorite flavor.One sweet memory of new orleans 
I was staying in a nearby Hilton and was craving something creamy and sugary.  Went to check out Yelpers' recommendation of what's good around the area.
At first I thought this place was selling typical hawaiian shaved ice, that is shaved ice cubes with syrup on top.  And since I was craving for something creamy as well I was thinking of going to Haagen Dazs instead.  But the walk there was a bit too long so I decided to try this.
There were no lines at all.  It was very empty and made me doubt if it was good at all.  But Yelpers' reviews hardly disappoint so I gave it a try.
The nice girl at the counter suggested Nectar Cream and made some other suggestions.  So I just went with her first suggestion: Nectar Cream.  ***not sure if the name was correct but for sure it started with Nectar 
Anyways it was good!!! It was creamy, which I liked, not overwhelmingly sweet.  It had some almond taste to it, but not the gross fake almond flavors that you'd taste on cheap essence. The almond taste was light and not overpowering.  Just nice!  Very happy with the iceWe have been here several times and love the flavors. They charge for additions flavors but it's so worth it. The entire family enjoys getting a snowball on the Riverwalk. Great end to a great weekend trip to NOLA. We will continue to make our bi-yearly trip to the woodpecker for our shave ice fix! The staff is also really niceGreat! Banana, wedding cake, strawberry, watermelon,  rainbow, you can't go wrong here. Cheap!Came here last summer totally on accident, while wandering the LES and ending up in Chinatown needing a snack.
Never had a snocone before (not even sure if that's what they are, really- snoball?) But it was greeeeeeat and I'd love to have another this summer!  Got sweet milk flavor with some sauce I don't remember but mochi and blueberries and it was so good- and not as calorie/fat laden as many frozen summer treats can be. 
Check it out if you're in the neighborhood!Found the little trailer down at the Riverfront, and there was a huge line (there is a separate line for ordering, and a separate line to pick up your order, don't confuse those lines!). I ordered the Pineapple flavor ($4 for a 12oz). Totally worth it, as the snoball didn't feel like a sad blob of ice in a cup, but more like a yummy creamy blob of ice, with pineapple flavor! Perfect for cooling down in the HOT weather. They only take cash (or at least only did on the day I went there), so bring cash!This is just what you need to get through the hot Lousiana sun. The sweet nector is amazing.Ouch this place has higher prices and smaller portions than Hansen's!  This is a small little trailer snowball stand located at Spanish Plaza that caters mainly to a tourist crowd and they charge tourist prices.  The ice and syrups here are pretty good but not as good as Hansen's.  The upside is that I've never seen a line here so if you're willing to pay the price you can avoid standing in line at other snowball joints.  I'm willing to pay Hansen's prices for their unique product (as they have the best ice and handmade flavors which come in larger sizes than you can get at Imperial Woodpecker) while the snowballs here just seem very undersized and overpriced to me.  They have a good product here but I find it a very poor value due to price and dainty portion size so I will leave it to the tourists.Come on guys, seriously. A snow cone in a chinese take out box..yes please. The flavors are delish, not too sweet and not too bland. a perfect combo of snowball heaven. a must try!I had such high expectations, and was simply heart broken. The lady was very nice and patient, and they give plenty of juice. The ice was chunky and not smooth at all.  Still wondering why this stand has so many raving reviews. If you're hot and want something sweet to cool off, it will do the trick, but I wouldn't go out of my way to have another one.Amazing service, the customer feels like a family member walking in here. The sno-balls are a tasty and refreshing treat in the summer, they are special and will have you wanting to come back for more. I HIGHLY suggest the mojito with wild strawberry, SO TASTY! This place offers a great all-around experience!A vegetarian shouldn't review a steakhouse... 
If you don't like Sno-balls, how can you give Imperial Woodpecker a fair review? Were they too sweet and snowbally for you?! What a shock! 
*Rant over*
New Orleans is the HOME of the Sno-ball. These lusted-after treats hibernate during "winter" (what you would call a damn fine day anywhere else), but open up like flowers with sunshine come April or May. My favorite spot was Plum Street, where they serve the snowballs in a chinese takeout container. I believe this is where Imperial gets the idea.
It seems like a snowball would be easy to make. Crush up some ice, pour a little sugar syrup, maybe some condensed milk, and call it a day? However, it's actually more complex. The snowball machine needs to be top quality so you get the shave ice texture that will support the syrup, rather than letting it flow to the bottom. 
And then comes the syrup... choose wisely my friend. I know some places will let you try the syrup, but it won't truly give you the flavor of the snowball since the flavor is so concentrated. If you want something more like an Italian ice, go for the fruity flavors. If you want something more like a traditional snowball, go for the creamier flavors: Nectar Cream, Cotton Candy, Birthday Cake, King Cake, etc.
I only like condensed milk on the creamier syrups, so if you get one of those, throw some CM on top. 
Imperial Woodpecker manages to rival the best Snowballs in New Orleans. And with almost no line (the lines in NO are looooong), you'd be a fool not to drop by on a hot Summer day.I'm so glad I got to try a sno-ball before they shut down for the summer! The staff is so friendly and there are so many options, it was hard to pick. I had the wild strawberry topped with condensed milk and it tasted like a fresh bowl of strawberries in milk. It was so delicious. If you haven't been here yet, hurry, because the owner says this might be the last summer!Get it while it's hot outside!  Who knew that ice could taste so sweet and delicious!  Imperial Woodpecker gives NY a new meaning to the word snowball.  It's shaved ice served in containers we might only be used to seeing in Chinese restaurants. The ice is topped with a flavored syrup of your choice, in fact there are over 20 different flavors of syrup to choose from.  The larger the size the more flavors you can choose.  For a mind blowing sweet treat, top it with sweetened condense milk.  I recommend the Mardi Gras King Cake, but don't worry there is no baby to bite into with this cake.
http://www.eatsomesweets.com/west-village/imperial-woodpeckerRefreshing shaved ice!
There are tons of flavors to choose from; you can choose up to two on any sized container (prices range from $4 for a styrofoam cup to $8 for a large chinese take-out box). I went with the plastic styrofoam cup. $4 for a styrofoam cup shaved ice is a bit steep, but there's a first time for everything, right?
I got the pear and raspberry flavors. Definitely going with the pear again next time. My friend got tiger blood and blackberry, but I honestly liked my cup better, haha.
The staff is friendly and patient when I asked them all types of questions about their flavors. There are only three round tables so seating is very limited, but we got lucky with grabbing the last table available.Neesa makes amazing flavors with just the right amount of sweet! The Lemon Basil was so refreshing and perfect for a hot summer day - it starts out lemony with just a hint of basil at the end. Lovely! 
This place is worth the trip uptown!
"That was the cleanest snowball stand I have ever seen!!!" - mom (literally copied and pasted from a text)This place was a little hard to find, but wished I knew about it before the last day I was in New Orleans. The flavor combinations were on point and me and my girlfriend enjoyed the snow balls.Tasty, refreshing and light.  Perfect accessory for a sweltering New York day.  Eating one of these while walking in the shade almost created the illusion of being lake side with a breeze.  Almost.  
The proprietor was extremely friendly and explained the whole operation to us.  We tried 3 flavors - 2 standard and 1 cream - and all three were great.  I'm not sure you can go wrong there.  I'd like to try a tart flavor during the next heat wave! 
Note: Cash only.This was the first time having a sno-ball, it tastes like fresh snow with flavor!! We had the blueberry/creole cream cheese from a recommendation from the girl working. It was awesome! They also have additional add-one too, such as condensed milk and ice cream, I'd come back to New Orleans just for one of these. It's located outside right next to the fountain near the red building, don't go into the mall.I ate a sno-ball Saturday and Sunday. I got more excitement for my buck by ordering one sno-ball in 2 half-flavors. 1/2 Coconut Cream + 1/2 Banana. 
I love it! It's got me riding my bike downtown to get it then using the wonderful Hudson Greenway to get back uptown so I don't feel bad for eating syrupy-sweet goodness.I'm declaring this summer the Summer of Sno-Balls, since I plan on stopping by from now until they shut down their "pop-down" shop again. 
Today was my first time trying out this N'awlins-style shaved ice, so I played it relatively safe with my pineapple/raspberry mix. When the owner (yeah, the owner is very present in the shop - she's super pleasant, so stop by and say hey) handed over my Chinese take-out sno-ball, I literally let out a little gasp from how vibrant the colors were. The taste was just as inviting, as the pineapple + raspberry tasted like the real thing. 
I'll get around to testing the rest of their 17 flavors over time. Next time, though...either the birthday cake or coconut cream will be mine!Oh yes. This was my first sno-ball with condensed milk as a topping and it was a memorable one. I'm a fan of the cream flavors as a base and condensed milk and possibly also ice cream as an add-in.Delicious!
I ordered a large blackberry/raspberry snowball with sweetened condensed milk on top. 
The flavor was great, and there was just enough syrup.  The ice had a really nice texture too.  
The only disappointment was that the wait was insanely long.  The day we went was extremely hot (well over 90 degrees), and there was no shade nearby, but we waited for nearly 20 minutes.  There were 3 girls working in the cart, but only one snowball came out every few minutes.  (if not for the wait I would give 4 stars)
Location wise - other than needing shade, it is great.  There is a beautiful fountain, and an outdoor patio that had some music playing nearby.  Also, you're right next to some outlet stores.Delicious!  I tried the cherimoya with condensed milk and it was amazing and so unique!  Wish I could try all of them!Now open in a new location (closer to my office, thank my lucky stars). Yum yum yum.
124 MacDougal. Fewer seating options than the previous storefront, but very close to Wash Sq Park.Imperial ... is ... BACK!!!!! Grand Opening today (You're welcome) which is an invitation (insistence, really) for you to drop everything you're doing and head over there immediately but for some icy, sweet, creamy deliciousness.
Check 'em out at their new location: 124 MacDougal between 3rd and Bleecker
and, no no no, please, no need to thank me. I'm just doing my civic duty as person, and an American.Bright, snowy, fluffy, cold and sweet treat to beat the heat!!!
When it's so damn hot out you wish you could bring your ac with you outdoors...this is a logical stop.  Tons of flavors to pick from and you can even top it off with some condensed milk! (healthy i know)
plus it all comes in chinese takeout boxes piled high and wrapped in paper towels to keep you from making a mess.  A spoon and a straw and ur ready to cool off...
*tiger blood w. condensed milk: strawberry coconut flavor is really good and the condensed milk adds a little sweetness to the top layer.  This stays cold for a while and doesnt even get liquidy til the very end.  We barely used the straw :) mmm sooo good
*raspberry: good raspberry flavor but sweeter than tiger blood
We're definitely coming back, it's something different and you get TONS for your $.  It's crazy how high they pile it on :) (yes it's just ice but still!!!)Nice on a hot day but shaved ice is shaved ice. I tried the sweet nectar cream as well as the raspberry, strawberry, mango flavors and I'd recommend the flavors over the cream. I also requested condensed milk over everything as most people recommended but I personally thought that added too much sweetness and tainted the quenching quality of the shaved ice. Nice to try if you are passing by in the area and need a refreshment otherwise it is not a must that you should go out of your way to try.so f'ing delicious.
Tip: horchata sno-ball with condensed milk topping. it will change your world!
sno-balls are definitely much more rich and creamier than normal shaved ice. I was skeptical at first, before I had one, but after tasting it I was in love. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the area :)I've experienced bliss, and it's name is Sweet Lou's nectar cream. That's not to say that you should be deterred from ordering any of the OTHER 32 flavors (just beat Baskin Robbins, didn't they?) that are listed on the whiteboard at Imperial Woodpecker, but for me, Lou, topped off with a bit of sweet, creamy condensed milk, is the end all be all. 
The Chinese take-out cartons are a quirky and apropos vessel for these refreshing treats, and I'm on the verge of crying at the idea that they (according to Grub Street) may only be around until September.
If I have anything to say about it, I'll single-handedly keep that place in business all-year long. It's probably not realistic to nosh on snowcones through the dead of winter in NY, but a girl can dream, can't she?Snow cones like you haven't had them before. This improbably named West Village shop brings an equally unlikely New Orleans treat to New York. With wide windows, cozy chairs, and fresh daisies it is an inviting spot to escape the summer heat. 
And then there are the snow cones. Until you visit, you may be under the illusion that a snow cone is a collection of loosely packed chunks of ice covered in a goo that tastes more of chemicals than confection. Not here. The ice is finely shaved by a thunderous engine designed just for this task. The colored bottles of syrup are as bright as you remember, but the concoctions are original and delicious. Birthday cake and butter rum accompany the more traditional raspberry and cherry. I tried the Mardi Gras King Cake, and it was spectacular. You're free to mix and match. 
The proprietor recommends some of the cream flavors, and urges you you to try a bit of her special brand of condensed milk on top. She is a fun, friendly person and her personality seems to be on display everywhere in the store. 
The honest creativity of the owner and the snow cones stands up well next to the ubiquitous frozen yogurt places that have invaded the city, each reaching to out do the next in hipness, but not product. And Imperial Woodpecker can also compete among the equally prevalent calorie counters that make fro-yo a cash cow. The sign outside brags that the snow cone is only 12 calories an ounce. With a small coming in at 8 ounces....well, you do the math. The owner is also experimenting with some sugar free varieties, but I haven't tried them so I won't say they're as good as the full carb option. 
Only one complaint: $4 for a small is a bit pricey if you think about how simple the product is. Yet simplicity is also the appeal, and if the price is high then, perhaps, this is merely a just reward for being the first person up here to do something so timeless so well.  
I live across the street from this spot and I wasn't sure if I would welcome the latest addition to my neighborhood. My prior snow cone experiences were not memorable.  But after sampling the goods, I think you should go for a snow cone sooner rather than later. You will want to have more than one before the summer is out.
[UPDATE - from another review it looks like I have illicitly labled "sno-balls" as "snow cones".  Imperial Woodpecker sells the former.  Oops.  Perhaps later I will revise my review accordingly.  But probably not.  ]it's a little expensive, but that's life under capitalism, people.  there aren't any other joints in town.  although, if they were cheaper i might try to find an excuse to go every day.
i'm just happy this place exists.  i've only ever had hawaiian shaved ice, which is similar with all of the flavors (but not the creamy flavors!).  this was so good, and such a lovely, adorable spot.  
+ outlets to charge my phone
+ super friendly, helpful owner(s?) 
+ flavors! 
+ not served in styrofoam (mine didn't leak, but my friend's did... maybe it's the small size?)
+ crawtator chips
+ flavors!
- i like my watermelon flavor a little more sour, but it was still a good watermelon-y flavor (i think i'm too used to the candy)
- ok, it's a little pricey.  but it is really worth it.  IF you like shaved ice.
please (pretty please? with sweetened condensed milk on top?) stay open through september!I came into Imperial Woodpecker Sno-balls with a deal to try two of their medium sizes for two people which was a bit too much. The shaved ice is incredibly soft and fluffy.. such a great after lunch treat to indulge in and not feel bad about after! With only 12 calories per ounce, I'll be returning next summer when my sweet tooth acts up it's cravings again!SOOOOOO DELICIOUS and savory. Just thinking about the taste makes me salivate profusely!!! The best snowball I ever had! Highly recommend 1/2 Mardi Gras King Cake with 1/2 Tiger Blood with condensed milk and a scoop of ice cream! This dessert place is a must visit! I will definitely visit this again and again before summer ends.WOOHOO!!!  SNO-BALLS!!  HOOKED.COM!  I read an article about Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls on Scoutmob.com today and decided it was the perfect time to try sumthin new (especially after I read some of the other great reviews in here!)  Not willing to wait a minute longer than necessary, I immediately invited my Goddaughter and we took a stroll around the neighborhood, down the quaint lil cobblestone streets, past the many outdoor cafes and interesting boutiques and found Nessa from N'awlins and her adorable sno-ball stand on Gansevoort, right around the corner from Little West 12th Street, and up the block from West 4th Street (???) ... only in New York!  LOL
For 2013, Nessa has set up shop in the sweetest lil al fresca spot, with a mini storefront, a pushcart, and some bright yellow chairs for your outdoor dining pleasure.  Her flavor list is BEYOND extensive and intriguing with flavors like Meyer-Lemon Basil and Orchid Vanilla Cream ... and Birthday Cake!  My Goddaughter opted for a 2-flavor, 8oz sno-ball for $5, served in a cute lil mini Chinese takeout container.  Her flavor choices:  Birthday Cake & Granny Apple Smith.  For me, the Meyer-Lemon Basil & Mojito flavors caught my eye.  Well, lemme just tell you - all four flavors were SPOT-ON and so deliciously refreshing ... it was a total WOW moment for the both of us : )
As we strolled thru the High Line park (one of this city's most charming spots, right up the block from IWSB, and built on an abandoned elevated train track!) savoring our sno-balls and the sunshine, we made a pinky-swear pact to return sooner rather than later to IWSB to try out some of their creamy flavors, this time with the bonus of a lil sweetened condensed cream drizzled over top :Dsuper good, but don't get the creamy ones. i suggest the plain old good frozen ice with flavor. no milk, no condensed milk, just juice and ice. yum! best in the summer.Five stars, not because it's the best thing you've ever tasted but because the people who work/own it are awesome and the idea is so american. Pop up business serving sno-balls for the hot summer months. What a great idea.
The shaved ice and sweet syrupy flavors are all awesome and refreshing. Go here before it shuts down for the winter months.My partner kept mentioning that we needed to try snoballs when we were in New Orleans. When I asked him what it was he essentially just described a snow cone. Honestly I wasn't interested because I find snow cones a little lackluster since most of the time the flavor falls off half way through and you're left with just ice. But he insisted that they are supposed to be better.
Imperial Woodpecker is a cute little ice cream stand outside the Riverwalk mall. It didn't look like anything special, but I noticed someone ordering a snoball and when I saw how large they were I knew I needed to try it. They have tons of flavors that I've honesty never seen at a snow cone place. Different fruits and desserts like horchata and birthday cake. I decided to go with the birthday cake because I wanted to know how on earth they could nail that flavor with ice. Boy was I surprised.
They handed me a giant cup full of shaved ice dyed yellow from the flavoring along with a spoon and straw. This thing was massive. I took a bite and immediately had to admit that they did it. They really nailed a cake taste. It reminded me of eating a cake ball/pop. The color is a bit off putting because it looks like yellow snow but oh well!
Now I'd suggest you don't get a rich flavor if you get sick of stuff quickly. The darn thing is so large that about halfway through I was starting to get over the delicious but rich cake flavor. If I went back I'd get a refreshing fruit flavor to help with the heat I think. I really suggest this place if you've never had a snoball. The bang for your buck is perfect and it's a great way to beat the heat if you're from out of town.I'm sure it will say something that my first time here (last weekend) saw me order a 2nd order of this wonderful treat before walking out.
And further, that my roommate and I changed our dinner plans to the West Village to go here for dessert this weekend before hitting our comedy show in the East Village.
And it's likely you will find us here every weekend from now until the end of September, when this little corner of heaven closes for the season.  
Let's see if I can recap what we've tried so far:
Coffee cream
Almond cream
Cotton Candy
Bananas Foster
Watermelon
Wedding Cake
Strawberry Daquiri
Blueberry
Dreamsicle
Mango
I now some of that may not be quite right .... would have to check with my friends.  Suffice it to say that we're all in love with Imperial Woodpecker Snoballs, and highly recommend this addictive shop to all!!I have fond memories of growing up in the south.  Every summer I would wait for the Sno-ball shop to open.  Here you could get perfectly shaved ice with your choice of hundreds of different syrups.  You could get cream on top too.  My favorite used to be the guava.  
Imperial Woodpecker Sno-balls just didn't do it for me.  While they had a lot of flavors, the ones I chose were just too sweet and thick.  There was something off about the ice.  It had a bit of crunch to it instead of being fluffy and smooth.  And, the container they put it in was not sturdy.  I had red syrup dripping down my arm as soon as I walked out the door.
The flavors weren't strong and it really just tasted like sweet sugar syrup.  But nonetheless, it was refreshing on a hot summer day.  I could only eat about half of it before I threw it away.  Just way too sweet for me.   Guess I'll be making a trip home soon to satisy my sno-ball craving.My favorite snowball. I had the large mango with condensed milk. I think it was about $5 which is around par for others in the area. The ice had a very, very smooth texture and felt almost creamy. The syrup (which is apparently made from real sugar cane sugar!) was great, not too sweet or artificial, and came in a good amount. I hate too much syrup. The condensed milk was also a perfect amount.Delicious !! I got the pina colada with condensed milk and my daughter had a cream one.
A lot bigger than I expected. I think the small is more than enough.Does anyone know if this shop is still open? If you do, please respond back here.Who knew colonialism still gives some folks a Woody...
I entered the makeshift door to find no line and some sweet tunes on a beautiful afternoon in this cash-only joint. Imperial Woodpecker boasts a veritable panoply of flavors and shows off a smorgasbord of syrups. I handed over my BBeats 30% off code (no restrictions = bazinga*) the fine young ladies behind the counter (one of whom seemed to be frustrated by the inexperience of the other, but both of whom were friendly, albeit a bit indifferent and unreceptive). With that, I got a normally-$5+$1 sixteen-oz concoction for $4 - a tiramisu special + Nawlins King Cake with condensed milk on top. My only qualm was that the place stays kinda warm, especially for an icy treat jumpoff, perhaps due to the high windows and the strength of the sun.
*Would this be a 4.4 without the code? Perhaps, but I had the code.
See these ice cubes, see these ice creamsI wish I could give it more stars! I love this place so much. So many delicious flavors to choose from. It is closing on September 15th so check it out soon!I went to NOLA and this was a must to visit,  so glad I made the time to stop by... Must say the best Ive had... The flavor, is to devour for and also very delicious! If your in the area don't regret it later for not stopping by. This is a must every time I am in NOLA from now on...Might possibly be the best thing I've put in my mouth all day (and I'm touring the French Quarter!) I got a coconut sno-ball with cream and it was AWESOME. They do NOT skimp on the cream--it was dripping down the sides there was so much. I loved that the ice was shaved incredibly fine and was slightly melted so the whole thing could be eaten with a spoon OR sucked through a straw. Excellent!It's out on the river walk, by Poydras, on the plaza with the fountain. THey have a wide range of choices, a few cream choices, and several specials. They can also throw condensed milk onto anything for $1 extra. I tried the Orchid cream special, it was a vivid purple. I had no regrets, it was just what I wanted on a hot day walking around New Orleans. The ice was very finely shaved, better than a Snow-Cone. BTW, don't call it a Snow-Cone, the New Orleans name is Snow-Ball. The syrup was generously poured -- the ice was filled up partway and syrupped, then more ice went on top, then more syrup. There was enough that, even though it did start sinking to the bottom, there was still a decent amount of syrup as I ate. I got a few complimebts and questions about it as I walked on canal -- it did look very refreshing, and the purple was eye-catching.What is there not to love about this place?! Where else can you get New Orleans-style shaved ice in a million flavor combos drizzled with sweetened condensed milk? Oh, and did  I mention how sweet and helpful the owner is? If you hated everything about your experience here, you couldn't help but love Neesa. I'm pretty sure it was past closing,  and still she helped two completely indecisive and giggly women pick a flavor, chatted with us while we had our first tastes, took our picture (on an old Polaroid) and seemed genuinely thrilled with our joy. I'm not sure which was better, the atmosphere or the amazing treat. 
My fav was nectar cream with tigers blood and milk on top. Trust me. 
I will be back many times over. Give this unique treat a try, you won't be disappointed.i found this place on yelp and being from the south - a good shaved ice a neccesary staple. (little did i nkow the owner is from New Orleans herself too). we got a iced tea and grapefruit combo and it was delicious. great combination and was not overly sweet. the ice was nice done as well. a little pricey but otherwise worth it.This snowball did not disappoint! It was good from the beginning to the end! The long wait for pick up was even worth it! It took me a second to catch on to their system... Order on the rt side and pick up on the left!My friend heard about a pop-up snow cone place so we had to try it. 
We got a large and it was HUGE!The first time I had a snoball was at the Hester Street Fair. I couldn't narrow down my selection so I asked if they could make some concoction that was colorful. I'm pretty sure it was some sort of lavender color with condensed milk. It tasted great and when the weather was warmer I suggested a group of us go make the trip to their ever changing (it seems as though this is the case) location on Gansevoort. My brother had pineapple, my boyfriend had red velvet with condensed milk and I had a concoction of flavors (it was gay pride day and I was trying to create a rainbow, but instead it looked like a geode...it tasted fabulous nonetheless). It was a great way to cool off. Excellent service!
They're closed for now (cold weather months) but I believe they will be back in the spring. All their info is on their Facebook page.So friendly and so tasty!  I really dig this place.  They have a lot of unique flavors.  Some of them I had to look up on wikipedia.  Add in the ice cream for a decadent treat.  Great on a summer day.They are NOT closed, simply in hibernation... Coming back sometime soon, and they say to watch their twitter feed for the announcement: https://twitter.com/#!/imperialsnoIt just so happened that my friend from New Orleans was visiting when we stumbled into this place. She was beyond impressed. She said the store reminded her of her favorite place at home and the flavors tasted pretty close. We had one with vanilla ice-cream and coconut cream. Mmm, creamy goodness! She was also raving about having it with condensed milk so I must try that next time! The portions are huge so there is plenty to share with a friend or two.Run. Don't walk. 
Love Love. Love imperial woodpecker. 
My faves are cotton candy, grape, watermelon or bananas foster. 
Don't skip the sweetened condensed milk.  Sounds crazy but makes it extra great.  
Love the owner and her amazing spirit.  
Great new location in the meat packing district. 
Much success to this tiny little bit of wonderful!Feels almost like getting a SnoBall from New Orleans, except without the Southern Charm. Really good ice and syrup, but not super friendly. Also much more expensive than expected, but it's NYC, what else would I expect?! Will definitely be going back!!On hot summer days, a friend of mine who used to live in the West Village used to bemoan that there were no sno-balls to be had in NYC. A delectable treat from our childhoods,  this fruit-flavored, icy concoction was more addictive than the crack cocaine that ravaged neighborhoods in our hometown of Baltimore.
For those not initiated, a sno-ball is a dessert made from finely shaved block ice, with the consistency halfway between an Italian ice and a snow cone. Various fruit-flavored syrups (made from artificially flavored sugar-syrups) are placed on the sno-ball, and the resulting mixture is eaten with a plastic spoon and/or a straw.
The Yelp directory incorrectly lists this place as "Imperial Woodpecker Snow-Cones"; on their business card, they are officially called "Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Balls." In fact, a sno-ball is texturally different from a sno-cone: the former is made from milled ice with a rougher, larger particle, while the former is from shaved ice, and compacted to form a snowball (hence, the name). It is also not halo-halo: besides marshmallow fluff or chocolate syrup, there are no other toppings placed on it.
Apparently, sno-cones aren't just a Baltimore thing, but also a New Orleans thing. Nessa Peterson, the plucky owner of Imperial Woodpecker Sno-Cones, thought it a good idea to import the sno-cone along with other great Nawlin's contributions (the Sazerac, Dixieland jazz, Emeril Lagasse). I'm a purist and prefer my sno-cone out of a styrofoam cup, but she serves in in various sizes of Chinese takeout container. There are about 30 flavors to choose from (yes, Tiger's Blood is one the menu), which are made from simple sugar syrup and concentrate by two sno-cone companies in the Southern US. The flavors weren't revelatory by any means, but when you have one on a hot, humid summer day, I'll swear you'll find them more habit-forming than the pandemic they sling on the streets of Baltimore.not your average snowcone. So many different flavors to choose. Its cool that its so close to the Highline so you can take your sno-ball and walk along the park. 
One may think $5 is a lot for a medium size, it is. But its worth a try and comes in good portions. What isnt worth it is paying $1 for a small amount of condensed milk... tastes good but not enough of it. 
go Tiger-blood! (one of the flavors)The night that I came here I literally stumbled on it-and LOVED it. The lady who owns it is so sweet and makes a mean snow cone, or sno-ball, I should say. She layers the syrup and with condensed milk on top, oh my god it's so amazing. Definitely one of my favorite spots in Greenwich for a summer treat!These sno balls are to-die for and I find myself craving them often. But when you do indulge in them -- it's not even much of an indulgence seeing as how it's mostly ice! They say that it is only 12 calories an ounce. I don't know how they make ice taste so fluffy and good but it is phenomenal, and I've thoroughly enjoyed all the flavors I've tried.
My favorite flavors are nectar cream and orchid cream vanilla - with a scoop of ice cream - delish! I am so sad that it isn't around all year, as I would definitely still come in the winter.The shaved ice here in NOLA are far greater than places I've tried before (even though it's only been a handful). 
The flavor and ice ratio are superb. The ice was blended well so that you don't get the chunkiness. The flavor are dispersed evenly throughout and becomes a sugary drink when the ice melts. So for $3 for a small, which is an adequate size, I'm in love with the shaved ice here.
Imperial Woodpecker is located right in front of The Outlet Collection at Riverwalk by the fountain.Drizzle any combo with condensed milk and you will not be disappointed. Pass on the ice cream - mine almost fell off my ice a few times. I spent most of my time trying to scoop it back up. Only option is vanilla anyways. 
The sno-balls reminded me of shaved ice from Hawaii.She closed up for the Fall/Winter 3 or 4 weeks ago and I'm already missing the sno-balls. I can't wait for her to come back next year and I really hope the new location she leases isn't too far from this one (i.e. from me!). The owner is SO nice and friendly. My husband and I came here several times since we moved here just a couple months ago. The sno-balls were great, perfectly shaved ice and delicious flavors (watermelon and blue raspberry were my favorites). Although I never tried, she had topping options available (ice cream, condensed milk, marshmallow fluff) that I'm sure would have tasted great with one of the cream flavors. The only thing I wish she had that I discovered at several of the sno-ball places back in Houston - sour spray. Basically though, a great, delicious, refreshing alternative to ice cream or gelato. I will definitely be keeping an eye out for Imperial Woodpecker next year.Snoballs!!! You're the only thing I like about the South. Haha, just kidding (maybe). 
The best warm weather snack around. Choose your flavor combination (I'm a strawberry, condensed milk, chocolate gal myself) and wait for a carton stuffed the gills with shaved ice awesome to come your way. The small ($4 plus $1 for creams or milk) is totally worth a trip. In fact, here, I have planned a romantic date for you: take her to the Highline then grab a refreshing snoball (perhaps you share one? depends on what date number this is and if she's a germophobe), let love bloom. You're welcome. 
*Closing at the end of August, so don't delay!Neesa's sno-balls are true to Nola and the perfect way to cool off on a humid summer day.  You can't go wrong with Spearmint, Sweet nector or Sweet Lou's nectar cream.  Neesa recently returned from a stint in NYC and we're all happy she's back in Nola serving up smiles and good times on the banks of the Mississippi in Spanish Plaza (her trailer/kiosk is outside the Riverwalk Marketplace)A really cool little quaint trailer selling snow cones that were so good! I ordered the nectar with the condensed milk. It was a great refresher on a hot day! Not too sweet, just perfect!