Went into Industry to pick up a pizza, they recently changed there name but have had many different names in the last few years. The pizza wag good but the drink was watered down. place was pretty full and it looked like a rough crowd. Will go back for a pizza but skip the drink.I was skeptical about grabbing lunch here due to some reviews I read on here and another website, but I'm glad I braved the rain to swing by for a quick bite. 
It's very bar atmosphere, kinda dark but welcoming if you feel comfortable once you're sitting. I sat at the bar since I was placing a Togo order and was greeted by the bartender, male in his 30's. I asked for a menu and reviewed it. My my delight they had grilled cheese!! (Extra excited because it's one of my favorite foods) 
I placed my order with some tweaking since I don't like fresh onions on sandwiches and then switched fries and onion hay (look, I know I'm complicated when it comes to onions) the bartender kept up with the changes and my food was ready in under 10 minutes!We walked in and then quickly walked out. I didn't give it a chance but there was only 2 other people in this place and it smelled. Maybe if we were interested in trying their brews it would have helped but we were trying to dine for a late lunch and its just not the best scene for it. Others pictures posted in yelp looked good but its really bar food options only and I wasn't feeling it.I was in NOLA for work recently and needed somewhere to grab a late lunch after my flight landed. After dropping my things at my hotel, I set out to find an open-air pub or sidewalk cafe where I could enjoy some food and a book. I came across this place and liked the openness of it, so I stopped in and asked if they served food. They did indeed, so I picked a table by one of the open doors and sat down. The waitstaff and bartender were very friendly and attentive. I ordered a grilled chicken and avocado wrap that was HUGE and delicious - perfectly grilled chicken, melted provolone, fresh avocados, and grilled mushrooms and onions. Served with a generous side of their house-made potato chips, which were crisp yet chewy - I loved them! All of that for only $7.50 - can't beat it. I would definitely come hang out here again next time I'm in town.As a native New Yorker, I can say that Industry has real pizza. Great pizza. Someone must be beating a RICOH bid and on the witness protection progran out of Brooklyn. Eat, drink watch football,flirt. Wings with "slap ya booty" sauce is a culinary act of God. Worth thw short walk to Deatur. Bring cash.Came here for Essence Festival and on Day 1 it set the tone for the food selections that are known in New Orleans. Great wings and the Club Sandwich does the trick for an empty stomach. And coming from NY, the drinks and their prices are pleasing to the pockets and palette.Great bar around the corner if you are in FQ near Bienville. Bartenders are super friendly and food is solid. I had sliders and fries and cocktails to go. Everything hot and fast. Going back for crawfish boil Friday. Four stars only because it's bar food.Awesome staff, great beer selection.  A calm spot in the middle of the chaos. It is what it is an industry bar.Katie the bartender is great!  Don't let her go!  She steered us in the right direction on the menu and I enjoyed the wings while she enjoyed the BLT with 10 strips of bacon.  Fries were good and Katie gave me a bunch of different sauces.  Her service was great!From the perspective of a four-day tourist at an extremely close hotel:
Very...very friendly bartenders.  They are on top of it and knowledgeable.
Decent beer selection...above average on tap but bottle selection even better.
Grub...well, had the pizza by the slice a couple late nights...better than average (but remember I may have been in "find me some drunk pizza mode").
Interior is clean and the bathrooms are clean-ish.
Not just tourists here...plenty of regulars stop in for a round or to read the paper.
They could use work on the actual TVs as each day the reception was super fuzzy.
The best part for me is the very wide open walls and the occasional tables outside...lots of good seating close to a breeze.
Also, Industry is not overflowing with the Bourbon St. crowd...I think you know what I mean.This is the same as Club Decatur (or was Club Decatur..)
It's a good place to stop in for some beers or grab a slice or a corn dog when in a rush. Friendly bartender. No complaints here.Bartender was friendly and entertaining. That's probably the only positive thing I have  to say....
No drink menu available....ok, no big deal. I order an old fashioned, which I believe is a fairly standard drink at a bar. However, the bartender says they don't have what they need to make it (it's about 4 pm on a saturday). I settle on a bourbon and coke, and I must admit that it was a very strong drink.
However, before I can finish my drink, a cockroach crawls across the bar directly in front of me, and disappears underneath the cutting board on the bar. Suddenly, I'm glad I wasn't served an old fashioned.Food was so good, came back to back days after eating at Emeril's two hours earlier. The hot sausage and pizza is Da BOMB!!!Love this place and the staff, they are all great people. And I enjoy certain menu items from here, however, the new pizza they have put out is horrible. I bought a small meat lover last night and it was mainly bread with a smearing of sauce and very little meat. This new "deep dish" they have going on just isn't worth it. I hope you go back to thin crust. I'm a local and come very often here and have noticed that the menu does seem to change a good bit.This is one of the best "chill" bars in NOLA. I've been to my fair share of bars in the city and can honestly say the bartenders are attentive, super sweet and extremely knowledgable about the drinks they make! Also, the food selection is the best! The BLT wrap is personally my favorite and the pizza is worth the wait! They put the right about of cheese, pepperoni and grease that you need for a delicious NOLA style pizza. Definitely one of my favorite bars! Everyone must try Industry!We were here for the saints game and had a great time!! The food is better than most bar food and they have a good beer selection! They do not accept the check in coupon.. Which was fine for us since we hadn't even realized yelp offered such a thing until we were there :) bar tender was great!!!!It was just the two of us, at 1am trying to find good pizza, and we landed here after seeing others carry amazing-looking pizza slices.
Arrived to get a 10 inch pizza, the person told us it would only serve 1 person.  Well, that doesn't make sense.  We wanted 1-2 slices each maximum and 1 slice was $3 while a 10 inch was $10 so figured we'd just get the 10 inch.  He told us the 10 inch was as big as one slice.... still doesn't make sense, and was forceful until we got the 16 inch for $20.  
We are two slices and had to throw away the rest..... 
Pizza itself was pretty good.  The service not so much.Had a terrific morning with Louis the bartender 
This is an old fashioned drinking joint!
Old timer like me loved itFood is horrible and I have no idea why they keep changing the menu.  As a local, I'm about to give up on this place for food.  I wish the kitchen could get their shit together and several other customers have expressed similar views - make up your mind what you want to serve!!!!  On a positive note, the bartenders are incredible!  This is a local hangout that I recommend to EVERYONE, but only for great drinks and friendly faces behind he bar!  #KitchenChangesNeeded
This has nothing at all to do with the bar staff or the kitchen staff, they are amazing and do as they are told!  Please don't try to deflect with all the "good" things you've "tried", as a good "kitchen manager" or "CHEF (LOL)" you should have already figured it out.  I can be specific if you'd like - you have changed the sandwiches too frequently (Club and Rueben), eliminated the only good desert (apple fritter), changed the pizza NUMEROUS TIMES, and eliminated the brunch idea.....who knows what's next????   Guess I better find a new local hangout to patronize and refer to others.....     How about actually being there in the evenings when your staff and a majority of your customers are there to actually figure out what is wanted?   I've lived here for 3 years and still have to ask for a menu because I not sure what is being served this week.  Please don't blame the kitchen staff or the bar tenders as this is a problem with them them, it's the leadership!  #NewKitchenLeadership!Indifferent service may have been the reason it was empty when we were there... had some good beer, but nothing to draw. Me back.Very low key and chill place. Absolutely fantastic meal. Wings are on point, garlic parm especially. Pizza was fantastic, lots of cheese and a nice substantial crust to support. Drinks reasonable and the bartender, Milk, was super friendly and attentive. Recommended without any hesitation.One of my favorite bar to go hang and have drinks plus I met the love of my life here. I love the staff and the food is great as well.. I ate a buffalo shrimp wrap and it was amazing so many shrimps and it was huge I couldn't eat the whole wrap plus u get fries as an addition. Go here after work if you work around the French Quarter or just with friends you won't be disappointed.We decided to get a drink here while we waited for our reservation at a place across the street.
This is a neat little bar that mainly attracts foot traffic off the street- I don't know if anyone really sets out to spend an evening here. I had a tap beer and my friend had a vodka and cranberry. My beer was good, but my friend's vodka and cran was pretty weak. The main focus here is "drunk food"- they are open late and serve pizza, burgers and the like, and I am sure that's how they get most of their business. The bar was pretty dead at 7 on a Saturday, but we enjoyed hanging out here and chatting while other patrons started their evening.The service was good but the hamburger was terrible.  I know it wasn't Angus beef.  I tasted like flat iron which isn't top rated beef.  If you go there the drinks are good.  I just have to say for my first time in New Orleans I want impressed with the food.Industry is definitely my favorite place to not work through lunch. They do these really cute fried chicken sliders and really good pizza. The bartenders are all super sweet and the crowd here is mostly local... And regular... Gives the place a comfortable vibe even before everybody knows your name. 
The kitchen is open super late and the pizza is available by the slice after 8 (or something). I always know if it's whole pizza hours but whether or not I want pizza. The same as wanting chikfila on Sunday. Go figure. 
I stopped in here a couple days ago for a drink and had one of the best bloody mary experiences in my life so far. Lou did something with that! Let me tell you... Watching him build it I have no idea what some of those ingredients are, but he definitely knows what he's doing. The result was full bodied and robust, a little spicy (just how I like it), and it hit the spot! In a go cup! 
There's tvs for the watching of the sports and music coming from somewhere... Is there a jukebox? I've never noticed... The music has always been acceptable. I love how I can hit this spot in the middle of the night or the middle of my workday and it's always awesome!The club has tons of thick bacon, it's amazing!! Hush puppies were spicy and delicious! Service was great, thanks Louis and Don!! Lots of TVs playing all the college games, clean bathroom.Can I saw wangs!! These wings are so big they must be on steroids ...haha. You definitely get your money's worth here. The rings are piping hot and they come out huge with the perfect amount of seasoning. We friend several flavors and the favorite was lemon pepper but non disappointed. The drinks were a great price and the bar was chill. We sat at an outside table and enjoyed the breeze. The place is just chill with a great vibe. I would come back.Craving a pizza and a ice cold beer? This is the place to go!Louis (aka Lou aka guy with Cornholio shirt) is an amazing bartender and Industry is a great place to spend the afternoon in his care. Their collection of well curated beers is kind of an anomaly in the Quarter, but... Isn't that the beauty of it?They keep the a/c super cool and they have a huge selection of ciders (my fav). Sadly, I was at lunch and could not imbibe. There aren't any healthy options on the menu, so I went all out with the cheat and ordered a cheesesteak wrap. Yum yum yum. It was a ton of food. Definitely enough for 2 people to share and reasonably priced. Next time I'm allowed a cheat day, I will go back for the BLT wrap.Decent bottled beer selection, but the draught list is a bit underwhelming.I love this Lil spot. It's very homey and close by. If you order food it comes pretty quickly. Mostly bar food but it's very good for what it is. The bartenders give you that longtime friend vibe when you go as well which I likeChill place to stop for a cold drink to watch the game. Friendly bartenders and great wings.This place sucks... they are not customer friendly. We had to be on call for 15 mins and no one answer call. When we went and placed order for pizza they say 30 mins and when I want to cancel the order they can't cancel it. It is not worth $25 for a pizza.I went in on all Saints day after a very busy weekend and unfortunately they had no bread or tortilla left. So with some help from an awesome  and accommodating  staff we made a new menu item, Philli steak on waffle fries. Peppers,  onions, & mushrooms with Philli steak meat, cheese & house sauce  on fresh  waffle  fries. Yes please. THANK YOU Industry  Bar & Grill!. Eat there, it is fantastic.Good food. Really uptight about substitutions. Which always bothers me and I find cheap, considering I don't mind the up charge. Frazzled staff, but friendly and quick. Every dish is huge!!! Except the bamby bites (Bambi***) but sooooo good. 
Food is good, but their delivery service sucks.We popped in to have a quick meal and a drink before a concert. Staff was friendly. Food was quick and good for being bar food. The spicy chicken sliders were so good.While the food was pretty good, Buffalo wings were ok and the industry burger was actually a pretty solid burger, the service is terrible. The kitchen staff who brought out our food were very nice but the bartender/ waitress was rude and unhelpful. When I have to stand at the bar for 10 minutes when there's only 4 other customers in the place waiting for you to get done flirting with a guy not paying any attention to anyone else... No. Sorry. I'd have given a 1 star review if the kitchen staff wasn't nice and the food wasn't up to par.The bartender was friendly but this place is awful and I only stayed because it was the meeting place for an awesome walking tour. The bathrooms here are disgusting, my wife thought she might have died from the place but luckily she survived! The drink selection is awful and they don't have any supplies to make any common mixed drink here. Their limited draft beer selection seems to consist only of IPAs. There are lots of excellent places in New Orleans, don't waste your time here.Shockingly good food! I don't like catfish. My lovely wife does. She orders and it was the BEST I've ever had. Great hush puppies tooGreat bar for those in the service industry (hence the name). Local get together for everyone after or before work, awesome place for Saints and Pels games. Will even put on hockey or soccer which is rare in this city! Also just a great line of beers, Lou is always the best bartender, and their food is great to keep ya drinking or cure a hangover.Need a quick to-go cocktail? Wanna watch the game and have a cold beer and wings? Late night and you need pizza to sober up? Industry Bar & Kitchen might be what you're looking for. 
Never met a drink I didn't like from this place, good selection of draft beers and bottles, lots of seating inside and out, and the pizza is pretty good (depending on who's cooking) and if its under the same management it was the last time you visited.
Right across the street from the House of Blues on Deactur its in a pretty easy get to location and most times its easy to find a parking spot on the street or you can use pay to park lot that's not too far away. 
There's a late night young crowd that hangs out in the area on some weekends...so beware...or come on over if that's your thing.Great location, great modern vibe, great selection of beer and very knowledgeable staff.  We had a great time sitting at a table near an open door, watching people and enjoying the atmosphere and drinks at Industry.  It was quiet and not crazy.I came with a group of 5 people and when we went to ask the bartender to close our tab, he ignored us and continued his conversation . When we finally got his attention, he  told us to give him a second . You could've acknowledged us in the first place.Had a few beers here while trying to cool off in the AC.   Definitely a local dive bar.  Didn't try the food but saw a few people eating.  Where else can you find $2.50 beer bottles in a tourist town?
The bartender was funny and friendly - kept us entertained.  
If you are walking around town in the sweltering heat and need to find cold AC and cold beer, I recommend this place.Wish I could give more than 5 stars. Absolutely great people, kind friendly and willing to talk that's all you can want from a bar. 5 out of 5 food, great flavor with a few drinks to go along, the doorman was also very kind and welcoming. Every bar tender was nice and friendly. If your in the area, go here with no doubt in your mind!3 stars it is.  A-OK.  
The drinks and the staff were what makes this place stars.  It is what I would call a dive bar.  It was loud.  It was dirty.  It was rough.  But isn't that what a dive bar is supposed to be.  
The food was OK.  We shared some sliders.  The fries were good.  
Dont expect a fine dining experience when you go here.  Just walk in from the sweltering heat, walk up to the bar and get a beer.  find a seat and watch the game that's on TV above the bar.  That should be the extent of your experience.When it comes to experiencing a true bar for a great food experience, this IS the place to go. They call it Industry Bar I'm guessing due to the fact it's in a prime spot in the French Quarter that gets an insane amount of business from many service industry employees.
Inside at night it is somewhat dark and can seem a bit sketchy, but I can assure you this place is a centralized  and safe get together, chill out spot for individuals. You can tell many folk are getting off work or getting prepped to start a shift,  however they came to this happening spot for great drinks & food being that it's open nightly until 3am
I will say the bar is fairly large and the bartender on staff was more than friendly & welcoming. 
I ordered the Industry Burger and was not expecting what I got. It was the biggest & overly dressed burger I have ever ordered in my life which came with 2 large double meat patties, bacon and a whole lot of fixings on an brioch with French fries. I was overly impressed with the humongous servings and it seemed that way with all the orders that were flowing out the kitchen. Best part is they do not charge tax on your order either!
I can not wait to go back to order and take better photos so share this hidden gem and hope that everyone takes my word that this is the place to EAT, especially for those late night cravings when your out and about in the city
More updated quality photos to come soon! Stay tunedI would give 0 stars if I could. The staff here is probably the rudest I have ever encountered. Both of the staff members in the photo I am including. Ignored me when I walked up to them to ask questions and order. I tried twice. They were both very disrespectful and I was very frustrated so I left without ordering. I didn't get their names. The entire restaurant was empty with only a few people inside. They must have known the 3 customers who were there because they gave them attention even though they came in after we did. They kept asking us to wait.Ordered pizza, was told they could make it, was told again it would be ready soon then after after an hour of waiting then was told that the oven had malfunctioned and we wouldn't get pizza.Wings were crazyyyyy. Definitely was needed after a long night of drinking lol ordered the 10 wings and fries. Was a little under $20, little pricey but was good so worth it!They make the best lemon pepper wings EVER!! And also I went there during Mardi Gras and ran into Solange Knowles (Beyoncé's sister) at this bar. Not for nothing, the bartenders are amazing and very friendly! We always go to industry when in NOLA!Wasn't my favorite place but people were nice. Bartender was great, but the chef came running out of the kitchen with a mallet about to hit some guy (mind you he went into the kitchen and threw his burger at her as it wasn't cooked to his liking) wtf? Who does that lol. So a fight erupted out, quite interesting. But got a free shot about of it and finished watching the baseball game!Came here for Essence Festival and on Day 2, it set the tone for the food selections that are known in New Orleans in the  french quarters . We came to this establishment around 3am. Great wings(Lemon Pepper) and the Club Sandwiches does the trick for an empty stomach.
Right across the street from the House of Blues on Decatur. Its in a pretty easy and convenient location to get to and most of the times its easy to find parking on the street or you can use pay to park or a  lot that's not too far away. 
There's a late night young crowd that hangs out in the area on the weekends...so beware...or come on over if that's your thing.
Aceofspadesv.........Came in for pizza and saw that they had quite the extensive menu. Burgers looked tasty, the pizza was great. They also have a decent beer selection at their bar.
Looking to try this place out again when I return to NOLA.the bartender was very attentive to my needs. Very friendly. Great pizza! The servers were very friendly as well.  I was from out of town but the staff made me feel right at home. Will be back when I visit again!I've given this place more than a few tries and it still comes up short.  The concept is excellent - the execution falters.
The place is dirty - yes, it is the French Quarter - but keeping the outdoor trash barrels inside - really - that's just gross.  The doors to the beer cooler are caked with dirty fingerprints and the counter behind the bar has visible grit.  All of this is manageable, except that you need to keep in mind this is the front facing the customer - so the back is equally grungy if not more so.
The food is mediocre - chicken sliders are a good concept - but come out with a weak side of cold french fries...$10 - and my expectations were low.  Regular sliders are ok- wings are good and there are some inventive items on the menu.  It has so much potential it is frustrating.
People are friendly - but the place is slow- day or night.  Day seems much slower because the staff is distracted putting up deliveries.  And forget about a to-go order... that's usually a disaster in terms of wait time.
This place could be fabulous if they paid consistent attention to basic details: clean it up, serve it hot and do it in a relatively reasonable time.We read reviews and since it was close, thought we would ho there for cocktails and light pub food.  There apparently was just the bartender doing a great job and a cook.   We ordered a drink and pizza to split.  We heard him tell a couple that they were out of what they wanted.  He told us no ham. We substituted.  20 or so minutes went by and we saw him go into the kitchen.  He told us that they had no pizza dough!  The cook had the order and there were few orders.  And he didn't communicate yo the bartender. I will forgive many things during these times, but lack of communication....no excuse for that.  Won't recommend this place unless all you want is a drink.  Kudos to the bartender who did his best.The extra star is because the wings and pizza are good. Fiancé and i usually order food from here when bar hopping in the Quarter but this particular bartender (male ~30 with beard) took exceptionally long to take our order. The bar wasn't full and he walked passed my fiancé at least four times without ever acknowledging him. I hate to speculate but I'm assuming it was because of his Colin Kaepernick jersey since it was a Saints game day.