Seriously, this place is sooooooo good. We came down here from Seattle, and we've never had Greek food like this before  AND the staff is super nice! If you're ever in the French quarter, come here!!The food here is amazing, by far the best gyros I have ever had. They have two options for gyros, a beef-lamb combination and a chicken one. Also they are open until 3 or 4 am depending on the day. On your way back from bourbon street, it is THE best place to stop for drunchies if staying in he french quarter. I highly recommend Instanbul Cafe. The staff are very friendly, and they definitely give you your money's worth when it comes to the food.Great little find. Break from the po-boys and fried stuff. Got the gyro! It wa awesome.  No much seating but made dueVery good gyro. Tried the falafel as well which was good. Great customer service and worth stopping in for a bite to eat.Great little find. Break from the po-boys and fried stuff. Got the gyro! It was awesome.  Not much seating but made dueAs an out of towner, and a vegan, my husband I and I decided to have lunch here after passing this restaurant several times.  We really enjoyed both our food and the staff. We would both eat here again and recommend it highly. Thank you!This place absolutely rocks! I have traveled and lived all over the world and let me tell you that this is one of the best falafels I've ever had and my travel partner also agreed that his chicken shawarma was off the charts amazing! The ingredients are so fresh and so much attention to detail. The owner, Sam was so personal and lovely! Absolutely go here!Best place if you want to take a break from Po Boys and Cajun food. Gyro lamb was extremely tasty and the proportions was really generous, if one day I came back to New Orleans I won't think twice of coming back here. Good job guys.Got in late Friday night and was looking for an easy place to grab some good food. Luckily this place was right across from my hotel. Came in and got the gyro platter. It was delicious. First of all it was a lot of food. Second of all it was all so flavorful. The bread was perfectly doughy, the rice was not sticky, the veggies were crisp, and the meat was delicious. The sauces on top were also so good. The price was also reasonable for the portions given.This was one of the best gyros we have had in a long time. My husband, who is very picky, and I stopped here on our way back to our hotel from the convention center. The service was quick, and they accommodated our requests for extra sauces without attitude. The guys preparing our food even offered us other condiments we hadn't considered. My husband got a gyro wrap, and I got a gyro plate. The rice was quite good, and it was made even better with the garlic sauce they added to the meat on top and the side of tasty tsatziki sauce. We had gyros from two other places, and this was definitely the best.Great late night grub that hits all the cylinders, cheap, fast, delicious and filling. Tried the gyro and chicken wings which was extremely hot (and delicious)Nah
Not my thing.  I usually love Syrian or Mediterranean grilled foods/wraps.  There were issues here, too much cinnamon.  The whole shawarma wrap didn't taste like anything but cinnamon.  On the bright side the service is quick if your drunk and need to grab a wrap to soak up the booze.  
ThanksAmazing food. Super friendly staff. Very generous portions! Best falafel I've had in a long time!This is located right across from the Wyndham hotel. Seeing that I only eat halal food, and halal meat is a rare commodity in the French Quarter, my family and I were intrigued. The food was incredible! Their Philly cheesesteak is so YUM and so are their gyros. The staff and owner are super nice too! I will definitely be eating it again this trip!This place was great. I ordered online and it was ready before I got there. The chicken gyro combo was hands down the best gyro I've ever had! Highly recommend this place.Soggy, unseasoned fries. Tiny falafels that were soggy and greasy. I don't know if they were having a bad night, but I legit don't know how they have such great reviews. 
Not a great experience and the food was terrible.Great place to grab some delicious and cheap middle eastern food. My favorite is the falafel platter!Are you gluten intolerant and out on the bourbon/canal area at night?  Eat here!  I am only in town for two nights but had late night dinner here both nights because it was so amazing the first night.  I got a chicken souvlaki platter which has hummus, tatziki, salad, yellow rice, and chicken.  I got it without the pita.  They also have delicious alcohol free slush!New place! Had the lamb gyro - was delicious! Will be back to try the falafel. Service was fast and professional.Visiting for 9 days, and I stumbled across this place on my 5th day.  I was getting kind of bored with every restaurant having pretty much the same food on Bourbon Street, so it was wonderful to have a change of pace.
I had the falafel wrap with fries.  The falafel was fantastic (a little too much veg on the wrap to be able to eat it with it going everywhere).  I plan on returning here again tomorrow and will just get a double order of falafel.  The fries were slightly seasoned, very crispy.  The bottle of water was, well, water, cold and refreshing.Delicious!!!!! Fast, fresh.... they have vegan options., very friendly management and staff! Love this place!Ordered via Uber eats the food arrived without plastic ware or with the drinks and when I called to inquire I was told they gave it to the delivery person so it was not this problem. Do not order  from Them. They have horrible service. They told me to contact Uber eats once I told them their guy never came. Despicable. Not to mention I tried one of my falafels and it was sub par. Rather go to Mc Donald's( last resort)Good gyro. Juicy and yummy for sure. The staff there was fun, funny and friendly too. 
I ordered extra meat and they piled it on as we danced to the music they had playing on their speakers. Wide variety in the menu but I came for the gyro and I'm not disappointed. 
Clean inside and they take credit cards, major plus in my opinion. They have seating along the window and tons of take out condiments easily accessWe loved the Falafels and the Veggie Falafel platters being served at the Istanbul Cafe! They were delicious and service perfect and fast! Must try place!!Place is a great hole in the wall for a late night full of food. 
The pita sandwiches were very tasty. 
Gyro- great flavor and tender despite not being shaved think, these were cut more in rectangular cubes. 
Chicken Schwarma- surprisingly the least tasty of the bunch. Had a weird curry flavor and a little dry. 
Falafel- surprisingly very flavorful and moist. The pickles were great.  
French fries were crinkle cut with Cajun seasoning. Very good. Hot and fresh and crunchy.The falafel wrap was the best thing that I ate while I was in New Orleans over the weekend. I will definitely be stopping back here the next time that I am in the city.Hi the Asian lady at the register is incredibly rude. I ordered pick up for my order and when I got there I asked for bbq sauce to go with my fries, she said no and said I have to buy something. Which is ridiculous because the receipt clearly says PICK UP ORDER FOR ASTRID. Not a delivery order . She said some random dude named sean was coming to get it , which apparently I look like a SEAN to her haha . Please let her know her customer service is terrible :)Omg!! All I can say is that i found my favorite favorite ..... did I say favorite food place! I have been searching for the best philly cheese steak in New Orleans and I definitely found it.I Ordered a philly cheese steak and fries through Uber eats and on  another day I ordered through grub hub. The portion of fries are quite generous and delicious. The philly cheese steak roll is just mouth watering delicious as it oozes tons of soft meat and the right amount of decedent cheese and mushrooms. Just writing this post makes me want another one!
Let me just add that I tried their cheese burger which was delicious as well. The burger bun is huge and I didn't manage to finish it but all round delicious. 
I would post a pic usually but I ate it too quickly. Next time I'll definitely take a pic and post it. 
Let me just add that it's probably not good for the waistline but definitely worth a few more extra miles on that treadmill!Finally a good Mediterranean restaurant opened its doors  in new Orleans downtown.
The food is great, place is clean, service is exceptionally excellent.Ordered the Gyro salad. With no cheddar...because who wants cheddar on their gyro...lol. Also got tziki sauce instead of ranch. It was delicious! Meat was flavorful and veggies were crisp and fresh. Two thumbs up!!Found this hole in the wall restaurant close to our hotel near the corner of Chartres and Iberville soon after we checked in.  Thank you, Yelp! We were hungry as hell and this place hit the spot. I had a great gyro pita and a side of falafel that was quite tasty.  My wife had a falafel pita that she loved.  BTW the servings are pretty big.  We definitely may stop by again while we're here this week.UPDATE 11/25/18-We came back to New Orleans for the Bayou Classic and decided to stay in today and order Istanbul Café for delivery. I added notes about adding the garlic sauce and extra tzatziki sauce, and they definitely did. This meal was as good as the one we picked up last time. I am completely confident in my 5-star review!
This was one of the best gyros we have had in a long time. My husband, who is very picky, and I stopped here on our way back to our hotel from the convention center. The service was quick, and they accommodated our requests for extra sauces without attitude. The guys preparing our food even offered us other condiments we hadn't considered. My husband got a gyro wrap, and I got a gyro plate. The rice was quite good, and it was made even better with the garlic sauce they added to the meat and the side of tasty tsatziki sauce. We had gyros from two other places, and this was definitely the best.Have gone here a few times now, on my travels to New Orleans. The gyros are great. The philly cheesesteak sandwich is awesome. The gyro and chicken salads are fantastic. They have not yet disappointed. AND, they are open late.I tried to order delivery the lady answering the phone kept me in hold for more than 5 times and said she can't deliver to my address although it was only 5 minutes away. The service is really bad try to avoid it.This place is perfect for a quick late night meal. It's located one block away from bourbon street and open super late till 6 am. The gyro was surprisingly good for a hole-in-the-wall place. The gyro meat had melted cheese mixed with it and tasted really flavorful and fresh. The lady at the register wasn't the friendliest but the food did come out really quickly. It's a little expensive but definitely worth it for the convenience and quality.Got a falafel wrap today and loved it! it's been a little difficult to find vegetarian friendly food that i can grab and take with me quickly so i'm glad i stumbled upon this near my hotel! love the spicy sauce too!Absolutely phenomenal gyros and cheesesteaks!! The food is fresh and so flavorful!! We even came 2 days in a row!!We stopped in this cafe on wed before thanksgiving given few restaurants were open. Turned out to be a pleasant surprise. The hummus was really good...the gyro meat was good, the pita bread was warm and the portions for the price in neworleans is reasonable.Wish I took a pic of my awesome chicken gyro/shawarma sandwich ... The flavors of the chicken and the bread and toppings were superb. Not much is to be said about the place itself it's a quick grab and go. Make sure you get the fries as well they top them off with old bay seasoning yum! The guys T the counter are also super friendly. If you want a quick grab and go with Mediterranean fare this is your spot!Nicest owner as can be and starting out in the hardest days of our history (COVID19 restrictions); I hope to see him thrive. His sauces are delicious! And he's very accommodating with how your order is "dressed" (aka sauces), so just let him know. Coming from outta town on a budget means looking for good food fast, and with a smile, and he delivers (Literally). Ordered there 2 days in a row. Got the combo, and falafels. His fries are the BOMB.We were looking for something simple and close to our hotel. This place did not fail. Reviews were on point! Simple menu made ordering easy. Had the gyro, delicious! Kids had chicken tenders which were well seasoned and crispy as tenders should be. Fries were also well seasoned. Customer service was great! Will go here again.First meal in NOLA and I am satisfied. Was walking to a seafood place and saw this. Immediately ran in, no self control. Food is delicious, had the gyro. Cashier was friendly:) good plate to share with the hubby!The food was horrible did not taste like middle eastern food to me it was the worst place that I got a gryo at will not be going there did not like the food I've ate at better places.This place is serving some really good gyros..just really really good.
Go here! If your thinking about another place, don't. You will not be disappointed here.Perfectly grilled hot dog and bun, abundant fries - reasonable prices. Why would eat anywhere else?   A cuisine that is what it claims, in a city where honesty and simplicity are hard to find.My goodness the flavor!!! As a native New Yorker I am well versed on the deliciousness that is falafel and traditional tzatziki sauce. Outside of New York, this is the best I have found... surprisingly it was found in the quarter of New Orleans!  I had the chicken gyro and fries and a side of falafel. Super fresh and well seasoned... I'll be back for sure.Solid late night gyro and chicken shawarma with great portions, apparently this doesn't count as a review thoughIncredible falafel. Big sandwich. The falafel balls were moist and vegetables were fresh. I will definitely come back if I'm in town again.Great food/authentic just off Canal Street. Kids enjoyed the Cheese Burgers while the traditional Middle Eastern menu was to die forAbsolutely loved the food there. The sauces were extremely good. It's more than enough for a person. Actually, I shared the platter with my husband. Must try if you are around bourbon st. and wanna taste some mediterranean food.  
Situated at the heart of New Orleans. Minimal decoration   and the owner was really nice.I don't leave a ton of reviews but I just got a gyro from this place and I feel compelled to warn others. If you get a gyro from here you will get a sandwich that looks something like a gyro. But it will not be a gyro. It will have gyro-type bread, and gyro-type meat, but also other, curious things. When I was asked if I wanted lettuce it should have served as a warning. None of the best gyros I've had have ever come with lettuce. The good ones come with a cucumber yogurt tzatziki sauce and some red onion and tomato. This one came with cucumber and red onions, but also what looked like cheddar cheese, what I'm pretty sure was the weird tang of bottled ranch dressing, and tiny pickles. My god, why all the tiny pickles? So. Many. Pickles. Overall the thing was okay. I finished it. If someone just gave me the sandwich and I didn't know what it was I may have even liked it. But I was expecting a gyro. And it was not that. Just a warning.Good food,  super friendly staff! We were here in the middle of Mardi Gras craziness and they took the time to chat with is and gave us ALL their decorative beads when we asked for them! The kitchen staff took the time to good naturedly answer our ridiculous questions about their giant cans of garbanzo beans.So my husband and I stopped in here not expecting too much. He got a chicken wrap and I got a cheesesteak. The food was so so so good!!! Like, we came back later that week because the food was so good. Just really flavorful yummy food. It was fresh, made to order, and fast. Would definitely eat here again.I decided to leave my house to stay downtown at a hotel for the storm/hurricane that would be Barry... Many restaurants were open during the day but elected to close early because of the threat of bad weather. For dinner my options were limited. When my friends and I were walking back to our hotel, a normally busy French Quarter scene was rather quiet, dark and lifeless. UNTIL we saw the light shining from Istanbul Cafe! 
The service was great as soon as we walked in. The sitting area is small but it was clean. The food portions are HUGE! I ordered the Chicken Gyro and it was EVERYTHING! So much flavor. Im so glad we saw the light on & stopped by that night. I will definitely hit this spot up for lunch. Its super close to my office. See ya soon!!BEST GYRO IN TOWN! After enjoying all the authentic NOLA food, we wanted to try something different. We ended up eating gyro at Istanbul Cafe. We got the chicken gyro but the beef one looked delicious too. Definitely get it with their hot sauce. I don't know what they put it in that hot sauce but it was so awesomely delicious. By the way we went there again the next night. The best place to go after drinks before the bed. I believe they are open until 2am.This place has the best gyro I've ever had!
Boyfriend and I visited New Orleans and our hotel is right around the corner from this cafe. We've had so many oysters and cajun foods that I felt like eating something a little different late at night. With all the great reviews on here, we decided to give it a shot. I got the chicken gyro wrap combo (comes with fries and a drink). The chicken is very tender and the garlic sauce is AMAZING. It is light and runny, kind of like the Halal Guys white sauce, but has a lot more flavor. It's so good that I went up and asked for more on the side. The next day I came back for another wrap and asked the guy preparing it to just douse the whole wrap in the garlic sauce. 
I definitely recommend this restaurant and am still dreaming about the gyros after leaving New Orleans.This is perfectly located right across from our hotel. 
We stopped in for a late night bite because alcohol. 
I got the gyro. My intention was to take it up to our room, but the 2 people I was with didn't want the room to smell like food so we ended up eating in.
The lady at the front who took our order was so damn nice. I never really got over how nice everyone was. 
I  scarfed my order down so quIck. It was that good. We sat at the front facing the people walking by Royal, most of them looked intoxicated which made for a fun time. 
I feel like we would've been here every night had we drank more.Awesome food!!!! I had the gyro and fries.  My group (6 adults) all left stuff and satisfied.  There is not a huge dinning room just a few bars to eat at.  I would highly recommend if your looking for a gyroHorrible customer service. The cashier was screaming just because I asked for some napkins.I have not received my meal.
I went to the store location and they said they fdo not service grub hub even though they accepted my payment and order.When every other place was closed, thankfully this place was open for us starving travelers. Has a deli feel. Our food was prepped before us and we took our food to go. We ordered a couple of chicken wraps and ate it too fast to photograph, unfortunately.This was a little hole in the wall across from our AirBNB but it was one of the best Gyros I have had as well as my family's. Full of flavor and they are open late! This was our spot after a night of drinking and needing food before we went home. Big Gyros too. We ate here at least 3-4 times!Don't come here for the ambience but do come here for the honest to goodness food and the friendly faces. Open till the wee hours of the night, this place is God sent for when the hunger pangs set in after a night of partying. The chicken gyros are great bang for buck. Definitely recommend this place!After spending a week eating Cajun food, we were looking for something for a late dinner after a night drinking. Despite not having many reviews, we were drawn by the overwhelmingly positive reviews that Istanbul Café did have. It is a bit off the beaten path if you are out drinking, but is well worth the short walk. You order at the counter and then have the opportunity to customize your toppings when they assemble your meal.
They have a fairly basic menu that includes gyros, wraps, falafel, salads, Phillies, and burgers, as well as several side and beverage options. I ordered the basic Gyro Wrap, and loaded it up with all the toppings. The gyro was phenomenal! One of my companions said it was the best gyro he had ever eaten. My husband opted for the Philly Cheese Steak and said that was excellent, as well. 
There is very limited seating - just a few chairs along a small counter that overlooks the street outside the shop. Sitting there eating and people watching after a night of drinking was the perfect way to end our night. I highly recommend checking out Istanbul Café!I wish I would've taken a picture of the goodness I had last night at Istanbul Cafe. Late night food after fun on Bourbon Street. This place is open late: Major key. This place has vegan options: Major key. I got the falafel wrap which is vegan and loaded up with veggies (including pickles which I loooved) and fried to order falafel (yum). They warmed the pita on the grill and loaded it up with so much that it hardly shut. Wow it was so tasty I want to go back for lunch!!Never thought I'd see an Instanbul gyro place in New Orleans! I've traveled to Europe a couple times and have only seen these places there. Yes, they have the rotating meats! Although its not exactly like the ones in Europe, it's still really good!! We were just walking around and saw this place. Definitely one of those hole in the wall places. And they deliver!Stopped in here to take a break from the standard Cajun fare, plus it was right across from our hotel and the sign kept nagging at me every time I saw it. There were four of us and we got 3 gyros, 1 order of French fries, a falafel sandwich, and a gyro salad. Also 3 bottled waters. It came out to $56 with tip. I am very big on getting my money's worth on food and this place covered it. The food was really good and we were stuffed. Pretty basic in and out type place. No real space to eat in. Plus Covid seemed to have everyplace off their game. I recommend this shop for a satisfying chow session. Get extra napkins!Great find, simple food, good flavors, quick and easy, love it, will be back. Ordered a gyro salad and it came with lots of meat. We also had the hommus, it was creamy with soft pita bread. The cooks are very attentive to any request you make while they prep your food.Worst place I walked into, cashier was yelling at me and was very rude. Food was cold and I had to get a refund. Place is overpriced and not clean.What was once great isn't anymore. The prices have went up and quality down. $12 with tip for a mediocre gyro that had old meat that was dry. Gone of the days of the overstuffed gyro fresh and juicy. The place is in a horrible location with some friends scared to go there. There are better options for gyro in the quarter.The counter guy, he cooks the food and collects the money. They definitely need more help. He's not the friendliest person, by far. This place had THEE best fries in New Orleans. Everything is ala carte. We got a gyro and a falafel. The gyro sauce, which is suppose to be tzatziki, tasted like sweet ranch dressing, YUCK. My falafel's were over cooked. Overall, I would go back, just for the fries.Hands down my favorite place to eat in New Orleans! The portions are generous and the food is just absolutely out of this world! The gyro salad is my favorite. My fiancé tried both the chicken gyro and the lamb. He says both were outstanding. The cucumber sauce is delicious. The white garlic sauce is also good. The prices are more than fair for the portions and quality of food, especially given the location on Royal St. We will definitely be back the next time we are in town!I got the chicken gyro. Chicken was tasteless; all I could taste was turmeric. They do put a good amount of chicken on the pita bread. It came with iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, onions and a special sauce which was pretty decent. I wouldn't go back there.Great place, great people working. Good food with plenty to eat and good prices. Pina Colada is fantastic and strong. Gotta try it!this place is fast pace ill give you that but don't expect to get your moneys worth when they drop your food and expect for you to pay for a new meal!!!! we tipped 10 bucks on 50 dollar meal and the meal was dropped given to us!! dont reccomend  . the owner  isnt kind and will take all your money.  better going to mcdonald's!!!Back in the Netherlands, I grew up with a high quality kebab store on every corner, ready to soak up your booze or cure your hangover. It's one of the things I miss the most living in the Big Easy.
Thankfully, Istanbul cafe came along. They're the good stuff, promise. Pretty much the only place off Canal St that is more than a tourist trap.
Always pleasant service, and the food is perfect. I'm mostly a kebab guy, but they do a killer falafel and even their cheeseburger is far above average.
If you're a drunk bastard on bourbon reading this right now, do yourself a favor and skip kaka-poopoo krystal and the worst McDonalds this side of the equator, and get yourself some real food at Istanbul Cafe.I stopped here two nights in a row for late-night eats. It seems like most places are slammed from 12-2 am in Nola when looking for food. I wanted something to eat that wouldn't make me feel like death in the morning. 
I ordered a falafel twice and both times were amazing. 8.6/10
Scale system 
10/10 would be what I want for my last meal
9.9-9.3 driving out of my way to get this
9.2-8.0 love the place and would go back 
7.9-7.0 I would come here again if it were presented and don't have anything bad to say
6.9 and below - thanks but no thanks after try oneVery nice owner and staff. I come here regularly and the food never disappoints. Great spot for halal food in downtown!!Hidden Gem.  Came to eat after a Saints game... came to get the double cheeseburger.  Didnt disappoint.  Had everything on it.  One of the best burger combos Ive ever had.  It was made to order.  Burger combos have season fries also.  Place sells beef and chicken gyros and philly cheeseteaks.  Two dudes working the grill, dont forget to tip them ahead of time if your paying debit or credit.  Well worth it!So good! I had the chicken gyro with a side of falafel and it was amazing!! The guy working there  that night was working really hard. I would definitely eat here again!