Just ate here for the first time with my kids. Tasty.  Unlike other reviews I found the service to be decent and friendly.  The young lady behind the counter took time to explain things to my children.  I had a regular sized burrito with seasoned chicken.  As per other reviews there are some nice low calorie fountain drink options like my favorite come zero.i waited by the register for 10 minutes to pick up my to go order and no one even acknowledged me or anything. the uber eats driver came in and they gave him two orders and two customers in line checked out before i did. steak was hard and tasted rubbery. rice in the burrito was cold and queso was cold as well. won't go back.Absolutely horrible service at this location. I usually do take out orders at Izzo's through uber eats because it is fast and convenient. Maybe about half of the time my order will be correct. The other half, multiple ingredients will be left out from my order. And to top it all off, I had food poisoning from eating the chicken burrito bowl and suffered for about a week. Will never eat here again!6pm Friday night, steak burned and dried. Watery queso. Chicken for salad dried. Guacamole extremely salty. Tables not wiped. Floors littered. Only two tables seated, business slow. Will not return.Wretched experience. This is the THIRD time I've ordered on the internet for a pick up order, and the THIRD time they have screwed up. I even CALLED AHEAD this time and was assured it was being made. I live 3 blocks away and got there 15 min after I placed the order. They weren't busy and three walk in guests were served before my order was even started! They know they suck because no employee made eye contact with me. No one apologized that I waited 45 min! Let's get to the lack of food quality...the "braised chicken" was dry and tough. The rice was COLD. This place beyond sucks.Izzo's is an OK burrito/taco joint. It is very close to where I am working this week so I have been here 3 times. If there was a Chipotle next to Izzo's, Chipotle would win my biz. I like their habanero salsa, nice and hot. I do like sitting on the Magazine St patio and sucking in some Carbon monoxide though. It is about to rain, so I better go.This is my favorite burrito place because I love dry chicken, mushy rice, and just a sprinkle of cheese and lettuce, especially when the burrito is split down the middle when I unwrap it. Waiting 5 minutes for 1 of the 4 people behind the counter to help you make it worth it.Got home to only realize they left the steak and guac (which I paid extra) off my quesadilla. How do you forget to put meat on a quesadilla? This izzo's is incompetentI'm only giving it 4 stars because of the Spanish rice if it was more fresh then I would've definitely given it 5 stars but since it was my first time being here I'll just give it 4. Anyways I have a burrito bowl which was delicious if it wasn't for the DARN RICE. Service and employees were very nice and generousWell great food as usual but poor staff the only person kinda friendly was a gal in the dining room as I walked in. They brought my food to me and it was tossed on the table not set down. It felt like I was bothering them. 
Price whoever said 1"$" is nuts. A burrito and a drink are about $12. Now that being said the food is very good and fresh, so yes worth it. 
I will continue to go to Izzo's, just not this one.Your best bet is to drive to Metairie and get chipotle. Here's why: the rice was so clumpy and dry tasting/looking! I had the burrito bowl, and because the rice is the most important part of a burrito bowl, I was underwhelmed when I took my first (of like 10) bites. I asked someone for fresher rice and she told me all the rice was the same and that it was cooked together. 
I had grilled chicken, black beans, unions, corn, lettuce, and jalapeños on top. All of those were ok, but again, since the rice was so bad, I couldn't really enjoy the meal. 
What I did enjoy about my visit: they ran out of black beans when my friend ordered, and without asking, the person who made her food brought her two cups of black beans to the table! I really thought that was great customer service. 
The establishment was clean but it had this funky smell while we were there... 
Quick tips: they have crushed ice! So if you must be here, just eat the iceThe best location! A value and oh so delicious! Love these guys and their tasty tortillas of yum!Izzo's, you beautiful new addition to Magazine. Being from the west, I've missed having worthy burritos nearby. This is up there with Chipotle...in fact, it's better...and it's close to home. I hope you and your delicious ingredients stick around for many years to come. Will be back many times.Quick easy. Huge portions. Ingredients fresh. A little over priced for fast food Mexican.I'm reading these reviews and I disagree with the bad ones. If you liked most of everything except the rice, it shouldn't warrant one star. Okay, so on to my review. I've eaten here about 5 times. I usually get the nachos which I like very much. Today, I got a burrito. I had a choice of 4 kinds of tortillas which is nice. Also a good selection of beans, meats and vegetables. I don't find the upcharge on the guacamole to be too expensive and most other places also charge more for guacamole. When I got home and began to eat my burrito, everything was good, but the rice was kind of crunchy. I called and was told by a lovely young lady, Crystal, I could come in for a refund or another burrito. I chose to get another burrito, because I was hungry so I drove back. I was in line and asked for Crystal who greeted me with an apology and remade my burrito minus rice. I found everything to be neat and all the staff seemed very professional. They were all in uniform and every one of them used and changed gloves for each customer. Although the burrito was good, the five stars are mostly for the staff of great, young people! Keep up the good work, guys:)I went into Izzo's because I had heard good things and it's not a restaurant that is located in my hometown so I had never been in there. Will I return? Maybe only to allow them to redeem themselves.
I was excited to see a number of options for tortillas at the counter - flour, wheat, cayenne, and spinach - great thought right? Not much flavor to it.
I asked for the achiote chicken which was very flavorful and I received a little under a satisfactory amount,and cilantro lime rice which was very flavorless. The rice part of the experience was the worst because I asked for the middle size burrito which is quite large and received maybe under 1/2 a cup of rice. When I asked for more I got a tablespoon. I then asked for more and all in all it maybe came to a cup of rice? Why be stingy with rice of all things?! The refried beans added nothing to my burrito which was very surprising.
At this point we were at the accoutrements, the toppings, and I had never been there before so I guess I was stupid enough to make the assumption that I would experience good enough customer service to receive an explanation of what I had to choose from. I saw only the Monterey Jack cheese which I find to be a sign of a low level establishment to even offer - I wish I had seen the queso though, although I'm not sure if it would have been liquid. The pico de gallo was made with out of season tomatoes however, the lettuce, cilantro, and jalapeños were very fresh. When I asked about the sauces the employee said "it just depends what you like" 
I'm very disappointed because I think it might have been a manager making my food and I had an awful experience. 
The sauces were somewhat good at the sauce station- all but the green. The Izzo's sauce was delicious especially with fresh lime over it.   
Would I go back? Only if someone specifically asked and had a craving or paid for my food. Honestly, Felipe's, Juan's Flying Burrito, and sadly, even Chipotle is way better than this place (as I experienced it).
I will say, as a foodie, a cook, and an understanding human being, it could have been solely this experience and I will not recommend avoiding this restaurant but instead just make sure whoever is creating your burrito explains the sauces and options to you - ask questions, and make sure you leave with what you pay for because my 9 dollars was wasted.Love the salads and quesadillas. Counters and tables are always dirty. Wonder about that.My intended rating is 3.5.
I came here by chance and had a good experience. The service was good, fast and friendly. The price was cheap for what I would pay elsewhere on magazine.
I made this review to shed a positive light in comparison to a horrible experience I had at an Izzo's restaurant at River Walk.
The only thing I wish is that they'd refer themselves as TexMex fast food...it's not Mexican.I can't speak for their food apart from the nachos. As a vegetarian in NOLA it's hard to know where to eat. I checked uber eats, ordered nachos. Nachos were crazy! It's enough to feed 2 and you can get everything on them! I've never seen anything like it up here. It's not fancy eats or anything. Just fully loaded fast food nachos.We were in New Orleans for the day and decided to stop here for lunch. The food was ok. I got the chicken nachos. My boyfriend got the salad. I don't understand why they charge extra for mushrooms, cheese and avocados. So we paid 26 dollars for our food. A bit pricy for what we got. And they should warm up the salsa because it makes my nachos cold when they put it on. We did have a good view while eating at least.Bleh. 2.5 stars at the most. Friendly and fast customer service but nothing else really impresses. I came here with no expectations and left unenthused. Typical build your own burrito/salad/taco establishment. Although they do have a lot of options (4 different types of tortillas, 3 different types of rice, etc) the quality of the ingredients are just not up to par and are lacking something. I'll take their service but substituted chipotles ingredients and there we'll have the perfect tex mex meal. If I was in the area and was craving something quick I'd probably give it another go but nowhere I'd make a dash to get back to in the future.So excited Izzo's now has an Uptown location! Everyone was very nice and helpful. I ordered the burrito in a bowl with the achiote chicken. Delicious! Can't wait to go back!Fast, friendly, convenient, somewhat inexpensive. Nice patio. Monster burritos. I've only ordered togo twice- both times a regular shrimp burrito + mushrooms. A little over $9 without a drink. I think the shrimp could use a little more flavor and maybe I haven't found the perfect combo of ingredients to totally wow me into cravings the way Felipe's and Juan's do, but it gets the job done. The dining room could be a little more kept and they were out of one of the sauces on this last visit, but again, it's not a deal breaker.I have been here a few times i have had the shrimp tacos,and the quesadillas not great but fills the hole in my tummy.I went in last week the customer service has bit the dust. The employees looked very pissed off that they had customers.Heads up idiots no customers,no job, no paycheck duh! We won't be back.I have gotten sick from eating here TWICE now. The first time was early this past summer. I got take out and ate some...until I got to the guacamole which tasted like fish. Horrific. I threw it out and was ill for two days. Well I hoped it was just a fluke and waited several months before trying again today. The food just tasted off and I couldn't finish... and now I'm miserably sick again. Never going back! I don't recommend this restaurant to anyone now.I discovered Izzo's a couple months or so and go there at least once a week often more. I love burritos and find them to be much better than Filepe's or Chiplote. I typically get the seasoned chicken with some of the cooked onions with a bunch of other stuff on it. The queso is great! Way better I than Filepes or Chipotle. 
The reason I felt compelled to write a review is because after 10+ visits, the service was absolutely horrible 9 of the 10 times. The only time I received good service was from someone who was clearly in management. I'll often wait to place an order, with employees walking past me without saying as much as a simple "Hello sir, we'll be with you in a moment". Just silence while they continue what they were doing with 0 acknowledgment that I am there until a few minutes has gone by. To be honest, I feel absolutely ridiculous even writing that complaint but it happens time and time again. 
Additionally I'm often served by someone who just wants to get me out a the door. They clearly do a big business with UberEats, but in store customers need to be a priority. I am almost always left waiting a few minutes to be served while they continue to work on delivery orders. 
The final thing I need to say is there is nothing worse than a poorly rolled burrito! One time I watched someone who was clearly a new employee attempt to roll a burrito while others just watched and didn't say anything. What wound up wrapped in foil would have surely poured all over me upon opening. I had to ask to  someone else to roll it which was meant with eye rolls from the other employee (who didn't even attempt to train the newcomer on rolling). I rolled burritos at one point in my life and I completely understand it's not the easiest thing to do and would have been perfectly ok if someone attempted to train the rookie, it didn't work out and they re-rolled it for me. It was the complete lack of the other employees caring is what bothered me. 
If this review was for the food alone, it would be a 4 star review. I am made it a 3 for the service, even though if it was a ranking for service alone it would have been a 1 star.When you need some quick inexpensive Tex-Mex this place hits the spot. It can be hit or miss on the freshness of some of the ingredients but overall not bad.There is really no excuse for how crummy the food is at this place.  It has this dog food sort of quality to it, yet it's not cheap.  
Got some Chicken Nachos here, and they were borderline disgusting.  Cheese wasn't even melted, just a few globs of shredded rubbery cheese that looks like it came from a prepackaged bag from the grocery.  Not much else on there but what there was was all kind of slopped on one side and not evenly distributed, so half the chips are soggy, half have nothing on them.  Portion size was small, too, sooo many better options for nachos on Magazine within a quarter mile. 
Tried one more time, and got four tacos; two beef, one chicken, and one shrimp.  Shrimp were tiny, chicken was so so, and beef was chewy and cheap and not sliced thinly as it should be in tacos.  Tons of lettuce as if to cover the look of the meat.  Very little spice, very little flavor.  
Frankly a Chipotle is several steps above this place.  
And for tacos and stuff there is a taqueria five blocks away that blows this place out of the water, and during happy hour its tacos (with many creative options, and very fresh) are about $2 each and full of flavor.  So Izzo's is pointless, crappy, overpriced food with poor cooking technique.  
Takeaway: ...greediness.Delicious, but slow service. Even though several people are working, only 1 or 2 are actually waiting on customers, regardless of the line.For the second time now Izzo's forgot to add our meat to our orders.  The first time, we drove back and got a replacement.  This time, we didn't have time and I have hungry kids to feed so we made due.  How do they consistently leave the meat off?Some of the worst mexican food ever..they leave the ingredients under a heat lamp all day..a festering bacteria colony..had the big carne asada burrito..was cold tasted wierd and got charged 16 dollars with coke..will never be back..If you want fancy taco bell, you found the place.. Lacking seasoning from the salsa to the key ingredients...I'm pregnant and was shopping at the Riverwalk and ordered from the Izzo's location there...well I saw a few reviews that said it was an ok location, as I sat down and scanned the reviews again, I saw someone got food poisoning from the same thing I ordered!! I freaked out and walked out!! I remembered this location, and they kindly remade my burrito!! They even cooked the steak to well done for me!! I love this place!! Good job Sherone!!I guess I caught an employee on a bad day but I stopped here to get a quick bite and I got bit. The employee made me repeat over and over what I wanted and then proceeded to make a burrito that was so sloppy that my shirt and tie would be covered in burrito grease. Big mistake in wanting everything in my burrito and she proceeded to throw it all in. When it was time to wrap it half of the ingredients ended up outside the burrito and to eat it would have needed non-slick gloves. Needless to say when it was time to pay I said I needed to get my wallet out the car and proceeded to leave the premises. This is one of the reasons why I don't like chains, under paid workers leads to bad service. It's not just Izzo because I had this same experience at chipotle. Maybe if they hired actual Latinos the food would be presented much better.So I stoped by here in the middle of my long work day to grab lunch. It was about 2:30 on a Wednesday so not a big rush hour. The place was gross. The 12$ nachos were gross! The food bar was crusty and all the foods on it looked dirty. The girl working the food counter had slits in the seat of her pants that her butt cheeks were showing. I have a no bare butt cheeks on my food rule. I know I'm crazy right! Seems like the place we're the employees don't really care. I tried to use the restroom before I left and it was so gross. The water in the sink barely drops out. So the 'employees must wash hands' sign is useless since you can't actually wash your hands there. I give it another 6 months and they will be closed if they don't get better management.Oh my god! This place is the best thing that will ever happen to your taste buds! In town for a few days and me and my buddies are here and we were blown away! Can't speak on the service because we ordered in, but when it arrived it was hot, delicious, and basically the best part of my day! You need this in your life, whether you realize it or not!The best location! A value and oh so delicious! Love these guys and their tasty tortillas of yum! Sarah, Andrew, Tamara and all who work here rock!I have visited this location a number of times because as a local. Each time I have went here this summer, I was not greeted by staff. It has been pulling teeth to get a staffer to acknowledge me and take my order. If you are going to try Izzo's Illegal Burrito skip this location.I mean - its an assembly line burrito place that robbed uptown of its beloved Popeye's. Buttt its a really good assembly burrito.  I actually like getting the salad option.  The variety of toppings dwarfs chipotle and I love that there is a white and dark meat option for chicken.  The service is quick and friendly and it is a great option for the current parade season.The employees were rude. The rice was under cooked or left out too long because it was crunchy. And the employee tried to skimp out on the ingredients put in my burrito. The floor in the work area had food all over it. Everything about my experience was bad. Do not waste your money here.Yo!!!!! Why did Izzo's do this to me!! I'm starving, studying for finals wanted to eat from a familiar place and BAM. Y'all that is a picture of a cheese quesadilla. When the delivery guy handed it to me I thought it was a mistake because of the smell but nope underneath that layer of crispy flour tortilla is just plan good old fashion cheese. Did they put an iron on top of it and take a smoke break? So sad right nowThis place has a weird vibe inside. The people were very friendly and got us what we wanted. However, the meat was beyond gross. Avoid the steak! There were chunks of joints and other mystery non-edible beef bits in the burritos. Salsas were very watery and tasteless. Just thinking about our meal makes me gag. Definitely would not recommend.Great vegetarian burritos. U can get an illegal burrito which would feed a family of four or just you can your so hungry.I guess I caught an employee on a bad day but I stopped here to get a quick bite and I got bit. The employee made me repeat over and over what I wanted and then proceeded to make a burrito that was so sloppy that my shirt and tie would be covered in burrito grease. Big mistake in wanting everything in my burrito and she proceeded to throw it all in. When it was time to wrap it half of the ingredients ended up outside the burrito and to eat it would have needed non-slick gloves. Needless to say when it was time to pay I said I needed to get my wallet out the car and proceeded to leave the premises. This is one of the reasons why I don't like chains, under paid workers leads to bad service. It's not just Izzo because I had this same experience at chipotle. Maybe if they hired actual Latinos the food would be presented much better.Excited this just opened, especially since it's just a few blocks from my house! The service was great- fast and really friendly. It wasn't very busy when I was there, just a few other people already eating. Opted for the meal like I usually do (who can say no to queso?!). They were really stingy on the chips. I'm talking like less than 20 chips total. I may be biased because Moe's is my favorite and you get a giant bag full there. The queso was also really watered down. That's not the case with other Izzo's so maybe it was just a bad batch. In the end, I'll definitely be coming back! Added bonus is a small parking lot.this place is ok. the food just tastes like food. like if you went to the store and there was just a box of "food". its like purgatory. its not bad. its not good. the bathrooms were great though.
i wish this place was still a popeyes.Literally the most inefficient restaurant I've ever been to. It's painful and I won't be coming here again because I have a life to live that doesn't involve waiting in line for 20 min with 3 ppl - when 6 people are working.......This place sucks like it taste like dog food and sorry I'm not a dog so like fix it before I sue this place for making my butthole vibrate. Well the only good thing about this place is the ice and queso dip and chips but even that isnt that great sooo....Thank you, next.We were real hungry, stopped in about 8 pm. The crew was mopping up but took our orders. The counter server slopped on the items without regard to the food. The lettice we passed on because every single container had brown lettuce in it. The pintos had a crust on them from the dark ages. Had to tell the server three times which meat I had ordered. Not good. Do not go in this place.The service was terrible from the moment I walked in nobody even bothered to look up from what they were doing. The girl who made my food had a terrible attitude and made my food very haphazardly when I asked for onions she gave me literally 3 onions in the bowl and when I very politely asked for more she damn near threw them on there and it still wasn't enough! When it was time to pay she took my card turned the screen to me and walked off. I could have just walked away without paying for all she cared. I felt like I was bothering them. Next time I'd rather spend the extra time to go to Chipotle everything about this experience was terrible. Even the work station behind the counter was nasty looking. Im so disappointed I will never come back to this location again. Please remind your employees that they filled out their own job applications and if they aren't happy with their jobs they should just quit don't take your anger out on the customers.Food was fantastic ordered the nacho and street tacos for my daughter and I. Price really is reasonable food was soooo fresh tasting everything, was super clean, staff was very friendly. The salsas are fantastic too, especially the illegal sauce. I will try this again, soon soon soon.My first time eating Izzo's was 2 days ago. I had the craving for nachos (one of my favorite foods) and I didn't feel like leaving home, so I ordered through WAITR. 
Those nachos, despite delivery, were the most flavorful nachos I've ever eaten. As simple as the concept of nachos may be, the taste was complex, delicious, and tasted every bit of homemade. The best part is I asked for a ridiculous amount of jalapeños and I got itThe food was good. A little cold though, probably because the A.C. was on freezing your butt off! Service was friendly but SLOW! Also the best salsa was out! My kid's loved it! We ate on the patio. It was around 4pm so no rush or wait. Although the place was dirty, and considering it was the slowest time.. It should have been sparkling!We were in need of some sustenance after long morning of brunch and day drinking on bottomless mimosas. The menu looked somewhat decent and the customer service was good. The young lady who helped us was very pleasant to speak with and eager to help. 
We ordered some steak tacos and a quesadilla to go. We were strolling magazine street on our way back to the airbnb digs. The joint is kind of setup with a one of those open food lines like you see at a Subway. They got all the ingredients set up in bins so you can pick and choose what you want and what not. They got the grill set up right there too so you can see your proteins heated up. So what you see is what you get! You get to see your order made from start to finish. 
We managed to find our way home and threw a grub down. Truth be told everything looked very aesthetically pleasing to the eye. But the taste was not as pleasing. I think it lacked seasoning really. The steak was also pretty tough, didn't break apart very easily when bitten. The quesadilla probably could have been toasted a bit longer to give the tortilla more texture. Other than that it was decent. It came with guacamole which needed some seasoning too. 
Overall, the food could use a little pick me up but the service here was very good which is always refreshing.This is the best izzo's y'all!! If you like fast food, a clean environment, friendly service and staff then this is the place to splurge all your money!! The food is outstanding and is always fresh. Even the to go orders for me were on point!! I was more than satisfied with this particular location.. izzo's on magazine..  I love you guys.. Thank you so much..The food is decent, if a little mediocre. The thing that struck me about the place is how it sticks out like a sore thumb in this neighborhood of 100 year old traditional New Orleans houses and stores. The building looks like a mold of every other franchise restaurant that completely lacks character.Ordered two steak burrito bowls on uber eats with chips and salsa. Neither bowl had any meat in it and we got chips in queso. We didn't enjoy anything we received. We won't be ordering from here againOk...so ever since Chipotle came to town i swore off places like Izzos. I was running a quick errand on my lunch break and only had time to pick up something quick..Izzos was right there. After taking a few bites of my steak bowl I quickly realized why i dont eat here anymore..steak wasnt too tender..i didnt expect filet but come on guys. Most of my rice was hard so i had to eat around it. The rest of my ingredients were fine..guess i shoulda ordered a bowl of condiments.I don't rate restaurants too harshly because I understand how hard it is to be in the service industry...but dear lord. This place is awful. I've come here a lot because the easy walk from work, maybe 30 times over the past 2 years. But after the awful service and gross food that I got today has finally put me over the edge. Every single time I go here I am typically the only one in line and it takes 5 minutes for someone to even start my order. There is so much chaos at the check out counter and no smooth way of going down the line. The food is always mixed up and it looks like they never clean anything. The drink machine was broken today and I stood there for 10 minutes before they could fix it. I feel sorry for the 6 people in line who had been there for 10 minutes before anyone actually took the first person order. This has to be a top down problem because there is no organization and no accountability for the cleanness of food. I will pass this place up and go to chipotle from now on.I will not be back to this location. I ordered my and a coworkers lunch AHEAD OF TIME! At least 40 minutes ahead of time. I got there and my food was not ready because a customer "grabbed" all of the food that was already ready! This made no sense to me being that the prepared food should not be accessible to customers to just grab. I spent my ENTIRE 30 minute lunch just waiting on them to remake our order, which I had to tell them all over again because they couldn't find our orders in the system? 
The burrito ? Not fresh...not worth my $9!
There was a young lady that at LEAST offered a drink to me for my trouble. The other lady "manager"had no concern for the issue .  I asked her for a refund, she told me she wasn't sure if she'd be able to? Poor customer service. 
But I will continue to visit the Izzos in METAIRIE.My favorite spot to get a fast food style burrito! I could never get into chipotle or Moe's because I liked the ingredients and options at Izzo's so much better. I am usually stuffed from a regular sized burrito, but I enjoy every bite. 
I'm glad they opened a location on Magazine street, which is one of my favorite parts of the city, and that they have a parking lot. 
I'm a fan of the veggie burrito on a cayenne wrap with re-fried beans. I really load it with the vegetables. I think the guacamole tastes great with mushrooms and grilled onions. 
You make your burrito subway style and they put it together pretty quickly. Definitely a fan!I ordered a chicken burrito bowl and two kids meals online for takeout. The chicken burrito bowl had NO CHICKEN. They forgot the chicken! I paid for extra guacamole and there was less than a teaspoonful. I basically paid 9 dollars for rice and a sprinkle of beans. And the rice was super dry. They forgot the gummy bags that are included in the kids meals, and made the wrong kids quesadilla. It's like no one read the online order. The amount of food you get is usually variable but this was beyond what's acceptable. No chicken in a chicken bowl is not acceptable. Extremely disappointing.Eh... I've come here before and tried the nachos and the taco salad, which were good! But to be honest, you only go here if you are craving Chipotle and too lazy to go to Metairie or Elmwood. Alas, I got a veggie burrito bowl today. It was extremely skimpy and more expensive than Chipotle. The worst part of all that made me feel the need to write this review?
EXTREMELY salty. Shockingly salty. I have never been to a restaurant and had this level of salt in the food EVER. It was really, really gross. Be warned... I've been chugging water trying to rehydrate myself.I had the burrito bowl which was really delicious.  I would recommend eating here. Everything taste fresh and delicious.I was looking for lunch and izzo's just so happened to have open parking so I stopped. The nachos at the vets location let me down so I was never a fan. This time I decided to give another try with the burrito bowl. I have to say chipotle's is wayyy better. Izzos meat lacked flavor and the salsas & toppings weren't that great either.I don't know why this place has such low stars. It's great! I've never been disappointed hereThe staff is great at this location. I frequent this location often and although I get a different associate pay every time. They're all very pleasant and I'm never disappointed with the amount of food they give. I usually get a bowl without rice or beans but that's just a salad so that's what I ordered today. The associate was great. The portion was ample. She sneezed while finishing up my order and she still went and changed her gloves to pack everything up.Horrible customer service, horrible food. I waited 15+ minutes to get my order..and I was the only one in line. Employees are lazy, unprepared, and unfriendly. I recommend eating anywhere else in New Orleans before you try Izzo's on Magazine.OPENED TODAY ON MAGAZINE
So it's not a Chipotle but it's not a bad alternative. This is the space that the old lava-rocked Popeye's occupued for decades near Naopleon. Izzo's use of the space is much better however, especially outside where there is room for 25 - 30 on a covered deck that I predict will become wildly popular for people watching.
PRICEY
A medium burrito, the felony, is $8.79 for one scoop of steak. As with many of these places Izzo's relies on you to load up on cheap rice and beans to fill it out. For us carnivores one more scoop of steak is $2 more; so now with tax you are at almost $12 without a drink. A meal deal with a fountain beverage and queso is an extra $2.89, so my satisfactory meal (but not overly so) topped out at about $16. A box panini with a side and drink at Fresh Market will run you no more than $12.Izzo's is pretty good. My go-tos are shrimp burritos or shrimp tacos. The flavors are always very good. The folks behind the counter are pretty much always really nice. 
One of my gripes is with the messiness of the line. There's always lettuce where there shouldn't be lettuce or onions in the corn or whatever mess. And the cilantro is all stems. I heart cilantro so I get it on the side so I can add the leaves myself. Nobody wants to eat all 'dem stems Izzo's, I promise. My guy won't even go there anymore because random onions often show up in his food and he hates onions like the Joker hates Batman. Like a lot. 
I never order too much stuff in my burrito, but I've seen them overload burritos and barely be able to close them. 
It's super close to my house, so I'll be back.Not a great restaraunt. Rude service, overpriced food, and the steak on my burrito tasted like it was out for a few days and not well-kept. The burrito was big and filling, and the restaraunt had nice outside seating, but overall, it was not a great experience.I'm a plain Jane who doesn't eat Mexican food. I tried Izzo's burrito in a bowl and boy my life has changed. The staff was friendly. Recommended the southwest ceasar dressing on top of my steak bowl. It was delicious!!! I've been back several times since. Always nice. Always fresh.When me and my husband walked in only 1 person was working so we just wanted the other worker that came in started to fix our order and had a nasty ATTITUDE.such a horrifying experience. girl made our burritos without gloves on! bare hands grabbing toppings and rolling burrito. no no no no no. just no.Staff was great. Food was good. Only issue I have is they can do a better job keeping up with their outdoor seating area. We decided to dine in and eat outside and every table was dirty and chairs were everywhere and the trash can had multiple stains on it. I know we are relaxing covid and safety protocols but it would be nice if the staff made sure to still wipe down tables after patrons leave it and to disinfect it. Their also wasn't any disinfectant wipes or sanitizer anywhere in the establishment. Even when the pandemic is over this is something establishments should continue to offer. That's my only gripe with this place, is that they have apparently gotten too relaxed with basic health and safety protocols.Had the kids this weekend and they were asking me if I'd ever been to a "roll your own burrito place?" 
Uh duh.....Izzo's!
After a visit to the water's edge, their bellies were quite full.  So off to Izzo's for some illegal action. 
While everyone ordered their own meals, let's focus on mine.  I ordered a Felony size burrito, packed with chicken, black beans, rice, cheese, pico, cilantro, red onions and grilled onions, salsa, guacamole, cilantro (extra please!) and a dollop of sour creams.  Whoa that baby took some expert rolling and she was real pretty.  The first bite took me right back to my surfing days in Cali, when we roll out from a set famished and headed for breakfast burritos.  
We added, chips and a drink.  Honestly that chip think was over kill for us, so we bagged them up so I could make nachos.  I'll know better next time.  
Parking lot next to this location makes it easy, as opposed to street parking on Magazine.  I love you Izzo's, so you know .......I'll be backFood isn't very good, I would give it 2.5 stars. The girl who works there is always rude and unhelpful, makes me feel bad for ordering. Go to Chipotle or Felipe's if you want quality tex-mex.I FOUND THE UNDER $7 BARGAIN: 
The street taco combo includes two flour or corn tortillas, with a choice of any meat including steak, myriad toppings, a side of chips with queso or guacamole, and a refillable drink: $6.89.  And if you over stuff them the double plies can be separated, making 4 tacos from the original 2.
PROTIP: complete the survey on the back of your receipt and get a free side & cold drink with any entrée purchase.Here on a travel nurse assignment, wanted to order something for dinner while watching the national Chamorro ship game. I couldn't have made a better selection as this is BY FAR the best burrito I've ever had. Every single ingredient is amazing and the overall flavor is unlike anything I've ever had.Food is above average, but God help you if you want to get your food in a timely manner. Possibly one of the slowest food services in Nola, which says a lot.
The staff, during all shifts, displays the most pitiful lack of urgency or sense of decent timing. Also, I've literally never once had them roll a burrito that didn't fall apart. It's basically a pile of mess nonchalantly wrapped in tin foil. 
Good luck to all who enter here.