J's Seafood Dock was not busy, quick to take our order, and had plenty of seating. 
The jambalaya was really flavorful with just the right amount of heat, but very short on andouille and chicken. It had no shrimp in it at all. 
'Real Creole Shrimp Tacos' were more like real creole lettuce tacos. Maybe we should have known because the sample did not have a lot of shrimp so we ordered at our own risk. Flavorful sauce and tasty tortillas though.Located at the Farmers Market in the French Market district. You basically order at the counter then pick up your food. There are a few patio tables/chairs where you can dine in as well.
Definitely get the peel and eat boiled crawfish and bbq shrimp!!! Freshest crawfish I've ever had and doesn't have an aftertaste that lingers. If you've never had crawfish, make sure you research how to open 'em up before you try 'em cause you'll be missing out. These crawdaddies are cooked with some vegetables (celery and onions) and it does have about a 6/10 spice to it; so I wouldn't recommend it to those who can't handle spice very well. I believe the market price was $12/lb so a bit pricier than other crawfish joints in NOLA. The BBQ boiled shrimp was very tasty as well! It came with bread drenched in garlic butter. My boyfriend and I also shared the crawfish beignets which were okay, it felt like they were sitting out for awhile waiting to be picked. These crawfish beignets resembles a hush puppy with a few pieces of crawfish tails inside. I would probably pass on them next time. Make sure to order yourself a side of fries too to sorta help fill your tummy up!
If you're trying out the peel and eat, make sure to bring some wet wipes/hand sanitizer to use right after. Restrooms are a bit tricky to locate. I believe the closest restroom would be in the flea market area of the French Market District.Got the charbroiled oysters. They were great. Little heavy on the garlic. Took a while, but I was made aware there would be a wait.It was so good we had to come back twice and bring a friend. The Charbroiled Oysters  and the Shrimp Boat is magnificent. The owner J and the rest of the crew were a delight as well. They are pretty laid back so if your a east coaster like me go next door to the organic banana and get a rum infused piña colada or daiquiri and chill until your food is ready. I highly recommend you stop by If your visiting the French Market if your not I say go there anyway!Ok - this place is kind of an market experience. Do not expect fine dining! 
You need to go to the opposite side of the oyster/crawfish bar and get a ticket. Yes, there's some wait. Then you go back to the bar and give the ticket to the oyster and / or the crawfish dude and they'll work on your ticket. If the crawfish isn't ready it takes 30 min for the new batch, the oysters are ready whenever the oyster guy gets to your ticket. All in all we waited 45 min - SO WORTH THE WAIT!!!!!Great fresh oysters! Ordered a half dozen and sat down enjoy them and people watch. Only thing that could have made them a bit better would to be a little more chilled. I love my oysters cold!Love this place located in the French Market, run by a local family, has all the charm of New Orleans and family.  They now have a full oyster bar where crowds can watch the shucker as they pass him bye, he has a great sense of humor and it adds to the charm of the place.  
Only negative food takes a little while, but it is worth it, and it's a little pricey, but again most of downtown New Orleans tends to have an inflated price.Boiled crawfish was the best!  Especially when they've just made a batch and the crawfish are piping hot.  Definitely on the spicy side.  I can't tolerate spicy food that well, and I would call it moderately spicy.  
Charbroiled oysters - flavor was good but oysters were overcooked.  I had better at Royal House.  
Oyster creole - basically fried oysters on top of artichoke(?) dip.  Really good but too expensive to be worth getting again.  
Would definitely visit here for the boiled crawfish.LOVE THIS SPOT!  It's in the French Market so don't expect something super fancy, but man do they hustle.  We got the shrimp and crawfish, boiled up perfectly.  The oysters take forever to come but that's because they are shucking them just as fast as they can and the lines are long!Yassss! I knew that whenever I got the chance to head over to NOLA I would have to make a pit stop here. After watching Justin Duncan (the owner) on Big Brother Over the Top, I was curious to try out his restaurant. 
My family and I stopped by J's Seafood for lunch today and we absolutely loved everything we got. I got the Fried Crawfish tails and practically inhaled them because they were so good. My sister got the Crawfish Beignets and said they were very tasty. My mother got a shrimp boat, and could not stop praising how much she enjoyed the fried shrimp. We are from South Florida, but she told me that these were the best fried shrimp she had ever eaten. My Aunt got the Shrimp and grits that were also very good. 
The only negative thing I will say is that the time for the food coming out was a bit sporadic. There was probably a ten to fifteen-minute interval for each of our items coming out. This is a great place to stop by for lunch and I would recommend it to anybody heading into French Market.Good food--easily passed up if you don't know to look for it inside Frenchman's outdoor area.  
We had raw and grilled oysters, along with a fried oyster dish atop some sort of spinach cream concoction.  We liked the grilled oysters the best.  The price is right and the service is friendly--walk up bar for food, they deliver to your table in the common area.  There's a bar with daiquiris next in the booth next door so you'll be set with a minimum of fuss.Ended my trip with J's in the French Market. Coupled with a pint and a pina colada smoothie from the booth to the left, my date and I were ready to take on more oysters. We split an order of jambalaya, a dozen charbroiled oysters, a dozen raw oysters, and a pound of boiled shrimp. The charbroiled oysters were definitely not as good as the ones on Bourbon Street but the raw dozen made up for the others' shortcomings. Skip the shrimp, and come during crawfish season. I got my hopes up thinking crawfish was available off-season as it was still written on the chalkboard menu Definitely made the mistake of not ordering the shrimp and grits--stuff looked mouth watering. 
This place is expensive but everything is served up fresh and made to order, it seems. Don't forget to tip the bad motha shucka!Got a pound of crawfish ($12/lb) and a dozen oysters ($17) recently and they were good but not great. The crawfishs were nicely boiled and seasoned nice and spicy. We got the first batch boiled that day and it took a long time for them to get ready. I also did see them dumped the previous day's leftover into the batch after the initial cook. I guess that's to be expected but hate to see it done. Anyway, what was dumped in wasn't that much, so it wasn't an issue, BUT that's probably not always the case. As for the oysters, they were actually a tad smaller than other places, e.g., Felix's. However, they also skimped on the lemon slices as well, going for quarter wedges, which was disappointing since it was barely enough. Anyway, service was slow as all heck (probably waited like 30 min between ordering and getting served) and certainly did not come with a smile either.How could I not gladly wait 45 minutes and come back to order because the crawfish were JUST coming in from off the boat?! You can't get fresher than that. 
I got a whole pound of freshly boiled crawfish and loved every bite. They were sweet, tasty and boiled in great but subtle spices. 
We sat at the counter where they shuck fresh oysters and it was picturesque. Better than a sit down restaurant for this kind of seafood experience.The oysters are fresh and amazing. The best oysters I have tried. We searched and searched and found this lovely small stand. Def does not disappoint.  I recomend the Oyster Creole. Its to die for. Its a fried oyster on a bed of creamy spinach type sauce. Add a spladh of hot sauce for a kick and voilà AMAZING. Did I mention its also a resonable price. MUST TRYTry the shrimp and cheese grits. Best I've ever had. Could eat it every day for every meal.This little food stand had such delicious seafood. We tried their charbroiled oysters, shrimp and grits with jalapeño, and boiled shrimp! It was sooo cold, but the grits were perfectly warming and so satisfying. Service is great too!Great oyster but everything else was just meh. Below average BBQ shrimp (shrimp was way over cooked and sauce was bland). Extremely slow service. I had a feeling that I got a bit rick rolled by reviews on this one. Will not try again.Really fresh oysters - 1 doz for $17.  Very fresh and the shucker pointed out how the color of the shell indicate the quality of oyster.  These were so good we each ate  a dozen!This place right here.... Freshest crawfish boil & raw oysters EVER!!!  The "Bad Mutha Shucker" was AWESOME!!! He made you feel like part of the family!! Sucking heads and pulling tails has never been so much fun!!! If you are a raw oyster virgin the Bad Mutha Shucker is very willing to show you the way. Happy Birthday Stefan 35 & holding!!!Amazing service and even better food.  Only been in New Orleans 3 days so far and we hit this spot twice,  And probably will hit it everyday until we leave. I have to try the rest of the deliciousness on the menu. "Don't come here if you on a diets" says the owner, he is so right.10 Stars if I could do it... I fell in love with New Orleans at this oyster bar. Chuck was incredible company. By far the best crawfish I have ever had. We visited out of season and still experienced fresh big incredibly seasoned crawfish. The oysters are another highlight. "Chuckalucka the Mother Shucker" shucks them right in front of you. Very meaty and clean. The entire experience was a pleasure from start to finish. We returned the next day and will definitely be back again.The food is good, but the service is horrible. We ordered four different meals at the same time and they were served and completed at completely different times. UnacceptablePros: 
-I was able to visit the French Quarters. 
Cons: 
-My catfish royale tasted more like a perfume than actual fish.
-The "show" dish was nothing but false advertisement. 
-The deep fried crawfish was less than a child's handful of crawfish tail meat that was on top of a large bed of spring mix. 
-The girl handling the register and taking orders not only went to the back to touch her hair, but also touch my food with her bare hands. 
Never again.Man oh man was this some delicious, fresh amazing seafood. The service was prompt and all the food was everything we thought it would be. We tried the BBQ Shrimp, Boiled Shrimp and Hubby had the Seafood Quesadilla. Boiled Shrimp was my favorite but everything was so good. Definitely a must try.I'm from Southern Cali and I always come here when I visit. I would never order crawfish back home but I always love the spicy crawfish here. It's pretty spicy but you can't stop because it's so good. My family and I were able to share 2 lbs between the 4 of us and we were fine for a small lunch. They don't have different spicy levels FYI. When we ordered we also got our food very quickly probably because all we got were the crawfish and it was already made.I am now back home in Las Vegas but I am still thinking about those Nola shrimp and grits! Loved this place. I got the Jambalaya, shrimp and jalapeño grits and the spiced shrimp and everything was very delicious! Didn't catch her name but the lady in the front was very nice and had a lot of patience with me when I was asking questions about the food haha. I went back the next day to check out the other venues :)Upset that the line for Acme is around the block? Your charbroiled oyster fix can be had right here in the middle of the French market. 
If you don't mind ruining your shirt and/or you are more coordinated than I am, the crawfish are big and beautiful and $10 a pound. Grab a tray, post up at one of the tables and get in there. Don't forget to suck the heads.Really Really good food! You can't go wrong here, they display the food items they sell vs a simple menu. If you're Into oysters and crawfish this is the place!Fries crawfish tales were good, but the seafood beignets were doughy.  Next time I'd skip the hot food and get 2 doz oysters.  Some of the best oysters I've had anywhere!  And the shucker was entertaining.Located in the French Market. Was number 3 of 5 in crawfish boil tastings in the French Quarter. We came early around noon and took quite a while to get the crawfish. It has more of a lemongrass seasoning. Grab a table and listen to music and enjoy people watching. Fries were shoestring and pretty good.
Crawfish ratings:
MRB
Foodfest - Bayou Barn
J's Seafood Dock
French Market restaurant
Market CafeBoiled shrimp had great flavor and the fried crawfish was good. I would eat the food again but the girl at the counter seemed miserable. I paid for sodas separate and she sent us to sit down without any drinks...we had to ask the guy that brought us our food for them. She also owed me a dollar in change which she said she was going to give me when the food came out but I never got the dollar. I wasn't going to argue over a dollar either. Oh and we tipped her too before that by the way. Experience was ehhh overall.Awesome crawfish...fresh with perfect seasoning.  Definitely will be back for more on next visit.Get here for early lunch. By 2 they start running out of stuff. Had craw fish, and enjoyed it. Niceley spiced and freshly cooked. Love the outside seating area.They have a mini show of their menu options on display. Everything looked great but tasted even better.I came across this small jewel while exploring the French Market seeking something light to eat while I continued shopping. This place did not disappoint! I got the steamed shrimp basket with a crawfish pie. The food was prepared to order, served up hot and fresh. The food was rich and flavorful so if you prefer food more on the bland side definitely ask how the dishes are prepared for your liking. My shrimp basket had some kick but I like spicy. Also note that this is a food stand so public seating is adjacent from the counter and just a reminder it is located within the market so it caters to pedestrian traffic. If you're driving it may not be that simple to pickup on the fly because you'll need to find street parking but it's worth it.Located in the most charming market, it's not a wonder that this place is great. Surrounded by terrific seafood stands, it still shines.
The menu is well rounded and delicious. The soft shell crab boat was good, but not the best. The barbeque shrimp, however... god lawdy lawd. I would take shots of that sauce as if I were visiting Bourbon street on my 21st birthday. 
The oyster bar was extremely fresh and impressive as well.
It did take a WHILE to get our orders and the seating is a bit limited and unpleasant.
That's all I can say. Man, I miss that shrimp.Friendly service and tasty food!  Fresh seafood: perfectly cooked shrimp and they weren't lying about the crawfish being spicy!  But cool it down with a blended drink from the Organic Banana stand next door.We came for the char grilled oysters we have heard so much about ... They were awesome!!  Fun place in the French Market, they close at 6 so don't be late like we were the first night we tried.Amazing service and even better food.  Only been in New Orleans 3 days so far and we hit this spot twice,  And probably will hit it everyday until we leave. I have to try the rest of the deliciousness on the menu. "Don't come here if you're on a diet" says the owner, he is so right.THE PLACE in New Orleans for BBQ Shrimp! Also had the raw oysters which were as fresh as could be and shucked perfectly. Good prices. Family-run and everyone is extremely friendly. Will make this a permanent part of our NOLA experience from now on. Oh...and J on the cash register is an entertaining piece of work. (He asked me to mention him.)This place is so good I'm actually embarrassed it took me so long to write a review.  I was in town with a crew of friends and we stumbled across this place after strolling through the French Quarter.  It ended up being one of our favorite and most memorable sports; we still chant. "Pinch the tail and suck the head."   We had so much fun eating and drinking and singing with the greatest mother-shucker this side of the Mississippi, that we came back a second and even third time during our three day trip.  If you're looking for great food, great fun, and a great atmosphere you couldn't ask for a better place.This is by far my favorite seafood place in New Orleans.  I absolutely love everything they make here!!  The seafood is always freshly caught that morning and the chef's really know how to add that authentic creole touch.  When they say straight out the creole pot they mean it.  Be sure to get yourself the char broiled oysters, crawfish, and shrimp boat... hell, get everything. You can't go wrong.  Also, ask about their catering services. The staff is really friendly and will customize your experience to be exactly what your looking for.  It doesn't stop with just what is written on the menu... They are awesome.I tried this place because I was walking through the French Market and wanted some fresh seafood early in the morning. I came at the right time (10 o'clock hour) because they were cooking the crawfish and the aroma it produced was so tempting. My French Market buddy and I ordered two pounds of crawfish and it was the best crawfish I had on my trip (I only ventured through the French quarter). It was hot, juicy, and full of seasoning. If you aren't keen on spicy foods, beware! This is not the crawfish for you. My buddy ordered oysters as well and because we sat at the bar, we were able to watch them shuck them right in front of us. This is great place to go if you want to eat, people watch, and listen to the sounds of the French Quarter. To go, I ordered a shrimp quesadilla and although it was good, one side of it was a tad bit over cooked. Unfortunately, I didn't realize it until I got back to the hotel room.I grew up in New Orleans and I had never eaten char grilled oysters.  My hubby had been dying for me to take him to "The Big Easy" and I did.  We enjoyed ourselves and had tons of food but the last night we found J's Seafood while walking through the French Market.  My hubby decided to try the oysters and i decided to just watch.  When they came out the smell was amazing I just had to have one, then two.....Needless to say we ordered a dozen more and wished we had one more night just to have lunch at J's Seafood.  The owners are the most charming folks with tons of that Southern Hospitality.  Can't wait to go back!J's is the biggety biggety biggety BOMB.com. LOVE it. Will CHANGE yo life and understanding of the REAL deal on chargrilled oysters and a SHRIMP boat to rememberWe got a plate of a dozen of raw oysters. An amazing experience.
An experience was nothing I have ever got close to in any of the 'proper' 'sea food' restaurants.
The guy operates right on the street: takes oysters from the table and splits them into two parts with a knife right in front of you. Once he got enough of those prepared, he puts them into a large plate to gives to the next customer. Once in a while he brings a basket of new oysters to refill the supplies.
The guy brings a lot of fun to the process and is extremely positive and conversational. Tells a lot of stories and makes a lot of jokes (friendly ones). Was fun just be around while waiting for our turn.
If you like oysters and would like to try the real stuff -- check it out.
Be prepared to:
* wait some time as the line might be quite long and you don't see it
* you might just chill out somewhere nearly or go for a drink in the meanwhile if waiting  takes too long -- there is a lot of places around.So I was in NO with 7 other friends to celebrate over the weekend prior to the weekend before Fat Tuesday. We mostly ate out over the course of four days. Our third stop was the Seafood Dock at the French Market on N. Peters around lunch time on a Saturday. For me the French Market is similar to Eastern Market in DC or a smaller outdoor version of the Reading Terminal Market in Philly. Vendors hawk all kinds of Mardi Gras stuff, jewelry, purses, t-shirts etc. and there are also lots of places to eat--cue the Seafood Dock.
So we looked at several food stalls and settled on the Dock because the line was long (normally a sign of good food) and it smelled pretty good. Ordering is somewhat chaotic because there is no line, just people bunched up near the cash register. They were out of the first two things I requested so I settled on the Shrimp boat (essentially a poboy) and one of my friends got the shrimp grits. It took just over 15 minutes to get the food. 
While waiting I looked behind me at the oyster bar where a guy was shucking oysters and noticed the crawfish. Note that if you want crawfish, you need to order them at the Seafood Dock register, then take the receipt over to the person in oyster/crawfish stall. The price was $12 per pound. Unfortunately, the crawfish were very small and it seems like they were pulled up before they got big enough which is usually around early March. At any rate they were heavily seasoned and spicy so we worked with those little tails the best we could. The shrimp boat was fine, however I will say that the shrimp grits were some of the best I've ever tasted. My biggest gripe is the price--we paid nearly $50 for two shrimp boats, one shrimp grits, one order of crawfish beignets and a bottle of water.  The food is seasoned well and taste good but I think you could find equally good food at a better price.A tourist trap for sure but the food was decent for a quick snack. We had oysters and fried crab claws.Was in New Orleans for the weekend and enjoyed some of their seafood. Fast and professional service. Food was ridiculously good. Even got a chance to enjoy their "dance culture", while eating my big head shrimp outside. Will def be back!!The prices are high for the portions/quality you receive. The prices are comparable to other reputable seafood brick and mortar restaurants (acme oyster house, etc). The fried oysters were good but the grilled shrimps were served overcooked and shriveled. The lady working at the service counter was very friendly and helpful. I'm not itching to go back as I have already been to other great restaurants for seafood.Yum yum yum! The fried oyster baguettes are one one of our favorite meals in NOLA! The service is excellent and the food was fresh and out in a timely manner. The oyster shucker was singing and making people laugh.Not that impressed. Many items out of stock when it's still mid afternoon. Seems to be overpriced comparing to the casual sit down places in the area. I do like the oyster stand ambiance. That's it.My food was delicious I order charbroiled oysters & 
tried the raw oysters.
The service was awesome  I WILL BE BACK 
Thankyou Mr.Chucoluck  for the experience.Excellent fried soft shell crab.
The oyster shucker across the walk way is also very friendly and knowledgeable.
A good top for a quick bite or snackI come here every time I'm in NOLA, and it's never disappointed. Plus you have a team of HILARIOUS creole people who make you laugh the whole time you eat your food. Try sitting at the oyster bar for the best entertainment and food in the market.Arrived on a mega rainy day, so they had a crawfish shipment delay. Because of that, we got to see how they it from start to finish and experience it as fresh as it can ever be.
- Shrimps were juicy and seasoned well & extremely fresh.
- Crawfish beignet were more like a hush puppy, but super yummy. It only comes with 2 though.
- Crawfish boil- Super flavorful from head to tail. It does not come with corn or potato like some other places might. 
TIP: 1-1.5lb of food per person I would suggest. Mix it up w/ the shrimp!First experience with crawfish boil..gave us a sample ..showed you how to pop off the tail and peel and eat it!! Great place!!  Very good food and very friendly!Just got back from a trip to New Orleans and I have to say that my favorite meal was at J's.  We tried the fried pickles (with a dill dipping sauce), fried shrimp (with amazing tartar sauce) and raw oysters.  Everything was great... but the oysters were out of this world.  Shucked right in front of us by a super friendly man (sorry, can't remember his name.)  They would have been delicious without any condiments but I added a little Crystal hot sauce and some of J's special cocktail sauce.  Yum.  I will definitely go back!On my first trip to NOLA, I was on a mission to get the best darn oysters and some damn goo crawfish. So as soon as the plane landed, I beelined for the closest, freshest crawfish I could find. J's Seafood came pretty well recommended by Yelp! and was featured on the next day's Road Food Fest site. 
Over the course of our 4 day stay, we ate here twice...which is notable since neither myself, nor my bf, are the type to eat at the same place more than once in a trip to a city so known for their food. But J's served up hot, fresh, juicy crawfish, boiled right in front of your eyes with a blend of veggies and spices. We also ordered up some of their barbecue oysters too, which were phenomenal!! 
Our trip was full of great, seafoody goodness but we'll be coming back to J's every time we visit. The staff is awesome. The food is great. And you really can't beat it for a quick meal. So stop by J's and prepare to get dirty, sucking the head and biting the tail!!  ;)
Note: while it's buzzing with locals too, it's a bit of a tourist trap so it's not the cheapest crawfish in town. But certainly worthy every cent! Grab a beer or a bloody mary from the place next door for the perfect lunch!Came for the boiled crawfish. We were not disappointed one bit. They are soaked in rich spices. Soooooo good.Was out to get some breakfast to start off my day and came across these guys. The displays looked great and so I thought this looked like a good option.
Unfortunately they are very very very slow to get the food out. I waited over 20 minutes for my order to come, I only ordered one thing and they weren't even that busy. Frustrating!While you may not have to wait on a line to get your seafood fix, you better be prepared to wait a super long time before your food is ready. It took about 25 minutes for a fried shrimp sandwich which was good but not worth the wait, especially to eat outside in the cold.We had a dozen raw oysters, the shrimp tacos, and some fries. First, the woman working the register was not friendly. I wanted to order crawfish boil. She told me that it was going to be 15-20 minutes, so we decided to skip those. We should have just waited. We could see where the were cooking. They were done well before we got any of our other food. I went up to the counter once to inquire and the woman was very short with me. While we waited, I decided to buy a soda. All I had was a $20 and she told me she wouldn't break it. I tried to pay with my debit card, but she said they have a $4 limit on cards. (Nevermind that I had just spent $34 on food.) Overall, it didn't live up to the hype. The food was good, but it wasn't worth the frustration of the poor service.Before I begin, I know the French Market is a tourist trap, but I was craving a crawfish boil and shrimp and this place was at hand.  J's Seafood Dock is actually a booth next to Organic Banana.
Overall, I enjoyed the process of waiting for my crawfish more than actually eating it. The crawfish boiler was set outside of the booth in a open area so the crowd could watch the unveil.  The cook came out singing songs and then handed out servings using checkered paper boats.  The actual crawfish I got was of questionable freshness, salty as hell, but oddly satisfying to eat.  
I also ordered the shrimp, but it came with no song and appeared from the back area of the booth.  Unshelling and de-veining the shrimp was a pain, but again the process of doing so, made eating the shrimp gratifying. 
In some, not something I need to do again, but I am glad I tried this place at least once. If you are in the area and looking for some simple seafood, you could do worse.You cannot leave NOLA without having crawfish boil and this place was the perfect place.  Grab a table, some Organic Banana drinks and eat while you people watch the people at the French market =)I was dying to come here after some Yelp research when thinking about coming to NOLA and I am so glad I did! Crawfish wasn't in season so I couldn't get it boiled but we did get some fried which I imagine were frozen but still very very delicious and fresh. We got oysters on bread with spinach and cheese and MY OH MY. My boyfriend who is trying to try new things (who eats no vegetables whatsoever) absolutely loved them. The lady working the counter was so helpful in helping us pick out what to order. Best view while eating some good seafood! I totally recommend itIt's hidden in the market, but it is well worth the trip. Crawfish, shrimp, and fries were delicious.  I will make a trip just to go eat at J'sMy favorite stop in New Orleans, not kidding. Every time I visit I have to get the Oyster Creole. The girl at the counter is always sweet too. Amazing! Thank you!I purchased 2 shrimp tacos and a diet coke, for over $12.00.  They were good but not worth the price since I've had better at Rubio'sWe decided to stop for a minute and sit as we walked around the French market. We saw the raw oysters and instantly went to J's. The oysters were good and fresh. Not the best i had while in NOLA, but Stephan aka The bad Muthashucka, was a delight. I like people with personality. He totally made the experience. He was a little backed up because he shucks for the oysters they bake and grill in the kitchen too. I didn't mind one bit, because homeboy was a trip. He is a real cajun boy and does his job well. I would certainly come back to J's just to chop it up with Stephan. Make sure to grab a drink next door then come here. ENJOYBomb!!! Crawfish was HELLA good especially the seasoning it's cooked in. Oysters were big and tasty! Our first time trying Shrimp and Chesse Grits it was ok just not our thing, but worth trying. The guy shucking the oysters was very funny and entertaining!! A Go To Spot if you ever come to New Orleans! Would go back in a heart beat!!I honestly wanted to give this place a good  review.  I ordered the shrimp boat and fries.  The shrimp boat is $12.  They were out of bread so he gave me a discount. So I ordered a side of fries too. $2. My shrimp had a slightly burnt taste. As if they had not changed the cooking oil quite some time and they were overcooked.  The fries were just okay.  I'm in NOLA so I expected love in my food. I'm still disappointed. :(Tasty fresh crawfish with just enough kick! It was the perfect snack. Lots of work for a little bit of meat but it was perfectly seasoned, left us wanting more  would definitely come back.I say the rating for this place was overrated. Poor service. No friendly smile or a hi. The wait was about 30min for the food. Only ordered 2 items.Chet and Stephen are the baddest mutha shuckers in NOLA!! Make sure you stop by for some fresh oysters and fun times at their counter in the farmers market area on Decatur St!
We were hooked the first day we stopped by and came back for lunch everyday of our trip!
Had the shrimp boat twice, multiple orders of raw oysters shucked in front of us, jambalaya, char grilled oysters, and crab claws. Everything was amazing and cooked fresh to order.
This is a must do spot when you're in NOLA. Family owned and super friendly!!!This little food counter situated in the heart of the French Market is a gem!! We went first the other day and my husband got a half dozen oysters. The "bad motha shucker" was here and so entertaining. Great conversation and I was told the oysters were awesome. We also tried the crawfish beignets which were really good as well! 
We'd been wanting to try crawfish but weren't sure we could take down a whole pound. So we asked and were given a sample of 5 to try, and also a demo since us Californians didn't know where to begin. They were very flavorful and actually much better than I'd anticipated.  Not overly seafoody (since I don't love super fishy tastes) but very well seasoned. 
But by far my FAVORITE thing we ate here was the BBQ shrimp. It's served with a baguette drenched in the garlicky sauce and oh my GOD! I could eat that all day. So flavorful and delicious. Definitely a must try!!
Awesome environment, people and of course food. A don't miss for a NOLA visit!Chris is AMAZING. He gives superb customer service and treats you like family, not a paying patron. I DEMAND he gets a raise or manages the place or SOMETHING. The jambalaya was amazing. The oysters were very good as well. We sampled them and then we bought some. Definitely a necessary stop when you go to the French Market .my husband and I bought one pound each of crawfish and shrimp, both were amazing flavor, the shrimp we had a little trouble peeling as the meat seemed to want to stick to the shell but we worked it out.. watch the time because these guys close when the market does. we went back the next day for to grab some more for dinner at 7pm and they were closed.Great little gem in the middle of the French Market. The charbroiled oysters have "extra cheese" on them. Excellent...nice respite in the French Quater.