New local spot out of a old cargo freight shipment container. This place is small inside but has outside, covered seating. 
Although the place is small itself, it packs a lot of punch with their flavors. You can't go wrong with any flavor of wing or type of loaded fry. This place has become one of my favorites in the city. Definitely top 3 in my opinion. 
Compared price wise to the rest of the city, you won't find a better bang for your buck.Delish wings!!!! Quick service!!!! People are very nice. Simple good flavors that you can enjoy as boneless or classic. Please try the j's fruit punch.   Knock your socks off!!!!!!!The service here is awesome! Wings were cooked to perfection! If you haven't had the house made strawberry lemonade, GET IT! I love the outside sitting area. I've never been at night yet, but with the string lights hanging overhead, I'm sure it's lovely. Try this place, you won't regret it.In the words of that famous TV character this place is DY-NO-MITE!!!
Seriously folks get your asses to J's Creole Wingery for some delicious wings and fries. 
The menu is straight forward; classic or boneless, 9 flavors plus seasoned fries. A 10 wing combo with a box full of fries and a 20oz drink for $10.50 is crazy cheap y'all! My Creole Rub and Honey Mustard wings were finger licking good. 
Space is tight in this sweet re-purposed shipping container but the people are friendly, the food comes out quickly and there is plenty of outdoor seating. 
If your date/better half or friends are for some crazy reason are not into delicious wings get rid of them! I kid, I kid, bring them the other container is dishing out all sorts of salads and wraps for those that think they are rabbits or want to be healthy ;-). 
Street parking only, takeout available. 
Please, please keep up the good quality :-)Arguably the best wings in NOLA! If you ever try this place you'd understand what I mean. The location is ingenious! 2 former storage containers converted into wing restaurant (Blue) and beer & wine (Green). Upon entering the team always greets the clients and provide great service. There are a great selection of wings to select from & tasty drinks to try including their signature drink. After placing our order there is a nice patio space outside with outdoor furniture where you could listen to some great tunes or just catch some tv until your meal is brought out to you. Definitely a great place with some quality food!This place is amazing. I had tried it one random night and I must say, it was delicious. Hospitality was on point every step of the way. Everyone greeted us all the way from outside to inside. The cashier was nice and waited patiently as we decided our order. They did not rush or yell at us for making them wait. 
With my order, I specifically requested all flats. They did it with no problem. Most other places will yell and scream about this and that (the shortage, "oh we don't do that", the additional cost). Blah blah blah. To my surprise, the entire order cost was comparable to major food chains. Why spend my money at a major company rather than supporting a local business?! Hmph. 
When I received my meal, it was fresh and hot. The icing on the cake was that my wings were fried hard. I LOVVVVVE hard wings. The fact I had forgotten to ask them to fry it hard (like I usually do), was great to me. 
To leave you guys with a few more positive notes: there's a fresh food side (if you don't want/eat chicken), clean bathrooms and SUPERB CUSTOMER SERVICE. I highly recommend for a cute date spot or just any day. My new chicken spot. 
Ps. I love supporting black owned businesses. Check it out, you won't be disappointed!Update: I continue to go here once a week as my weekly treat to myself. I still get the same thing food-wise. Still amazing every time! But I now have also tried the strawberry lemonade and the boneless garlic parmesan wings (a friend's). Strawberry lemonade is on point, just like the cook told me! Garlic parm boneless wings were also good if you like boneless wings. I prefer actual wings, though. I LOVE THIS PLACE.Found this place by accident but will be returning often. Really cool place with great food and friendly staff. We love wings but it's hard to find good ones in NOLA. This is the spot.We happened to arrive just as the ribbon was being cut on opening day. We ordered a salad from Fresh Side and Boneless Honey Heat wings with seasoned fries. The wings and fries took 30 minutes to arrive but I'm sure that was due to opening day festivities. Meanwhile samples were set out so we were able to taste all varieties. They were all delicious. It would be hard to pick a favorite. The salad was nothing special especially since the croutons were just cut up, untoasted bread which got very soggy in the mediocre vinaigrette. I'm sure once they get their systems down this will all improve. All in all a great start.I have had the honey heat, garlic parm, and lemon pepper wings, and let me tell you they are to die for!!! You cannot go wrong with these wings!! The wraps on the Fresh Side are bomb as well (I had the Creole shrimp wrap with honey dijon )! Gina the owner is very warm and welcoming and very hands on which I love! Oh and it's VERY clean! If you are in the neighborhood please stop by, I promise you will not be disappointed :)By far these are the best wings in the city. Let me correct myself they are the best wings I ever had. Their flavor isn't just some wing drenched in store bought sauce. All the ingredients are fresh. They even got a herb garden! All the sauces are made in house. And the dry rubs are off the chain! My favorite is Creole Rub and island jerk with lemonade and their homemade ranch. When you think this place is perfect they get better. The fries are  the rosemary garlic parm fries are crazy good and the fully loaded fries taste amazing. Definitely a fan of this spot and can't wait to go back.BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR WINGS!! Yes better than Wing Snack,We Dat and Wingstop. While I was there I had the honey heat and sriracha lemon pepper wings and the garlic parmesan rosemary fries. The ingredients are the real deal not just some artificial flavoring salty wings like most places. The fries actually had real cloves of garlic and real rosemary in them! The place is really cute and a cool concept of shipping containers turned into mini restaurants!Great atmosphere 
 I luv the creole rub and fruit punch. The employees are great. This is a winning situation.Love everything about this place. Concept is brilliant and well executed. Food is delicious and prices are fair. 10/10 would recommendSecond day in a row eating here.  I couldn't be happier with this place. The food is great and the staff is amazing. 
If you like wings, this place does them well. The sauces that I have tried so far were all great. 
I will be a regular here.Y'all... if you're looking for wings, THIS IS THE PLACE! I found this place on yelp, it popped up out of no where, but that's because it's new! You sit in between two shipping containers (the dope at outside seating). One shipping container is wings, and the other is healthy organic salads (even offer vegan options!). They have 9 wing flavor options, but they do each one just right. The wings are big, juicy, and flavorful! And it's affordable as hell. BYOB too, so come, bring your favorite drink, have some awesome food, and sit outside!!!I'll start with the service, which was awful! There was a young girl who looked about 12 working at the register who could'nt stay off her phone. We ordered our wings, as we were paying a guy says, oh by the way, were out of fries. So the little girl says I can still charge you for the combo! No apologies! I asked her If she had a price for just the wings, because I didn't want to pay for fries that I can't get, she said no. So after staring at each for a few seconds, I changed my order. Finally when I got my wings, I asked for an extra ranch, she said, oh it's gonna be .75 cent! So I'm like who gives one small ranch for 15 wings? I actually felt like the extra ranch should have been a courtesy for not having fries. I told her don't worry about it, she still didn't seem the lease bit concerned that I was an unhappy customer. Lastly, the wings were drowned in this dry, salty Italian like seasoning. It's liked they just dumped it on top of the wings in the box! It was disgusting! I could hardly taste any flavor (I ordered a mix of lemon pepper and jerk) because of this strong basil and parsley flavor! Needless to say, I will never go back to this place! I only gave them that one star because the wings were big!This place is just amazing. Our friends told us we HAD to go get some of J's wings on a Saturday afternoon, and it became our mission for the day. Accomplished! And sooo worth it.
Really an interesting concept. They've plopped down two massive shipping containers as the eateries, with a great covered patio/courtyard in the middle. It works! Really clean and well designed places to order and pick up the food, with some inside and outside seating. As other reviewers have said, it stays busy...and that leads us to the food.
My wife and I split 15 wings and fries, with half being the Classic Creole and the other half Sriracha Lemon Pepper. These were some of the best wings I've ever had in my life. And their fries are perfect. I would eat these wings all day, and I cannot wait to try the other flavors.
To top it off, they gave us t-shirts, and the owners were right there waiting on us and being just awesome businesspeople. Super pleasant, great vibe, and amazing food...go here!Stopped in during a break in the secondline and so good I was practically having an out of body experience. Now I drive my ass all the way here from the depths of uptown on a weekly basis, and I don't go out to eat much. Top five wings I've had anywhere. I get straight up buffalo and seasoned fries, which are the battered, crispy type. The employees are wonderful, and often singing in the back. Someone back there is a dead ringer, vocally, for Jacquees. Almost always bangin music playing.I love this place! The wings are delicious and they taste the same EVERY TIME!! There may be a bit of a wait due to the volume of customers frequenting this establishment but believe me, it's worth the wait. Oh, and did I mention that the owner happened to be there today waiting on his meal just like the rest of us?? I loved it! He gave everyone a J's Creole Wings T-shirt and thanked us for patronizing his business!!  
Great service+ great food= A Lifelong customer 
Pictured: Classic (Lemon pepper & Creole rub)
                 Boneless  (Lemon pepper & Creole rub)This place was SO GOOD!!! I had such a great experience here tonight. The food was amazing. I got a 10pc combo, which came with 10 wings (I chose regular hot flavor and Honey Heat), fries, ranch dipping sauce, and a fruit punch for about $13. The wings were SO GOOD. I pick my wings clean normally but I sucked the bones on these, they were so good! Like other reviews mention, they're fried hard or extra-crispy so the sauce doesn't get them all soggy. The fries were perfectly cooked - not too hard and not mushy either. I asked for seasoned but I don't think they were; they still tasted great so I didn't even mind. The ranch was zesty and flavorful, not like some of the nasty ranches they give you at wing or pizza places. The fruit punch was refreshing and tasty; tasted like a virgin hurricane (pineapple, cranberry, orange, splash of grenadine). The place was so cute, bathrooms were clean, and all the employees were so nice and checked on us multiple times to see how we liked the food. I will DEFINITELY be back soon! I plan to make this my new cheat meal once a week. GO HERE!!!!This was the best chicken wings I have ever had here in New Orleans. Y'all should try it! The honey heat chicken wings was the best!!Y'all. These wings are THE BEST. I love wings, anytime I go to a new place and am not entirely sure about the menu I get wings. These wings were everything. My husband and I were back in New Orleans and wanting to try some new places over our old favorites and J's did not disappoint! We have been craving these wings since we left all while kicking ourselves for not taking some more to go. Dang- legit mad about it. I had the sriracha lemon pepper wings and the hubs had honey bbq which seem like normal enough flavors but OMGOSH the flavor, the hint of spice, the sweetness! Did I say OMGOSH?!?! They get all of that yumminess into the chicken not just on the outside skin. I'm salivating just thinking of them -Oh wait, that's actually just my tears. We miss you J's Creole Wings. Please come to Texas.We're seriously considering rerouting our 4th of July trip to pass through N.O. just for these wings! 
P.s. Their strawberry lemonade and French Fries deserve an honorable mention for being bomb too.
P.s.s. This place is in the hood but don't let that deter you(if you are one that may have been unsettled by the surroundings). It's safe and sooooo worth it:)Wings well seasoned, great taste, nice size wings lemon pepper wings a little over cooked. Overall,  I would try again.First visit to J's and it was a great way to start off my weekend in NOLA on a Friday night (during Essence Weekend). When we pulled up, there were a lot of festive bikes lit up outside. There's an indoor area to order and a few small tables to eat, as well as an outside area to eat as well. 
I had a mixture of both the Honey Heat and the Hickory Smoked BBQ. Hands down the Honey Heat wings were soooo good. The food comes out hot and they show you the order once it's complete before the pack it up for you. 
Nice people. Good food!These are really good wings. Honey heat is the best flavor by far. The presentation is beautiful and they are nice and crispy. The fries are definitely overrated. They are just your average frozen fry with some extras on top.  The strawberry lemonade is AMAZING! It reminds me of the sweet punch with sherbet that my mom/grandma would make for church/various events. I had a pleasant experience overall and I will be returning for more lemonade!!Had the sirachi and honey heat boneless wings! Food was delicious! Service was stellar. Many compliments to our server, Troy! Very hospitable!My favorite wing spot in the city. I've never had anything like it. My initial visit was shaky at first but I've learned that's the norm for most here being new to the area. The food is amazing and the service has been great ever since. I haven't had a bad flavor yet and the fries, wow.I really love chicken wings and this is the BEST wingery  in New Orleans hands down. The food is Awesome, its very clean & cozy and the owners are very friendly. My husband ate on the Fresh Side (salads,wraps etc)  The Chicken Wrap was delicious.. We will be back .Cute Blue Spot! Food was Good & FAST! Sauce was really good. Wings were hot and delicious. We tried the Sweet heat and spicy hot. The French fries were good as well. Glad we made the stop. We will be back again.Man oh man lemme tell you.... these are the best wings I have ever had. My girl just wanted some wings so we went to the nearest one with the best reviews. Shop was nice with seating inside and outside. Wings didn't take too long too cook. They also let us try out the flavor that I wanted to try out. We got half Cajun half Buffalo with the side of fries and drinks (They have us an extra wing too). 
Wings was well well cooked. We didn't even have to ask them to cook them well done like other restaurants (ie. Wingstop, BBW, Pluckers, etc). Not too crispy but definitely not soft. The Cajun wings were amazing, I definitely recommend that everyone try that. Fantastic taste. I didn't even plan on going to this restaurant but I am glad I did.This place is tha bomb!! Hands down best wings in the city. Tried the Creole rub and the garlic parmesan both were great. Full of flavor and the wings were cooked to perfection they weren't dried out like some places I won't mention. It's in a cool little spot and the owners are real cool. Go check em out you won't be disappointed.My boyfriend and I went for the second time today. Customer service is ALWAYS fantastic, everyone is so friendly and helpful. Service is fast. We ordered a 15 piece sriracha lemon pepper and the creole rub. They were phenomenal! Def recommend his place!Best Wings!!! Love this place! The use of the shipping containers is brilliant! The wings are completely amazing and beat Buffalo Wild Wings hands down.(my former favorite) Nice setting quiet and clean! The outside seating is nice as well. Their wing flavors should be in someone's wing festival!!! My personal favorite is the garlic parmesan.Tried the Creole Rub and parmesean wings.  Both very tasty.  Can't wait to try some other flavors.  Like that I can buy without fries, but would have enjoyed another stick of celery and carrot or two.These are the best wings in New Orleans! No lie. And anyone who says anything different is lying or is dead (tastebuds-wise). I don't mess with boneless wings so I tried the bone in Sriracha lemon pepper wings and the honey mustard wings. The flavors of both were distinct and on point and every single wing was perfectly cooked and crispy. If you haven't tried these, make it a point to. I also love it that they are set up in a converted shipping container and separated from the other side by a little courtyard (that side has a healthy options menu which I'll try something from one day too).We have ordered J's wings twice through Waitr, my youngest son being a big wing fan. We have ordered plain wings for my him, and I've chosen a combo of the honey heat and Jamaica jerk based on other reviews that claimed these were the best flavors. I enjoyed both but slightly preferred the jerk. The wings are a decent size, well cooked, good sauces, crispy...everything you want them to be. The blue cheese dressing for dipping is on point as well. We have also tried the loaded fries which are really good and crisp despite delivery.
Waitr has delivered these quick and they arrive fresh and crispy. We will continue to order here when the wing craving hits us."They good baby"
Stayed a block away from this place and went several times. Wings cooked to perfection time and time again. I tried to get them to add some more heat to the hot. They were extra saucy but they just weren't hot enough. Add some heat! Love the wings!Love J's. I eat there at least once a week. Service is amazing. The food is always amazing. The fruit punch rocks.Definitely not a disappointment and wish we would have found this place sooner. Wings cooked perfectly, size was perfect, and flavor was on point. If your a wing person, make the stop. No ragurtsMy friend has been telling me about J's for the longest. Finally was able to order some wings-honey heat and island jerk. It was amazing!!!! Also strawberry lemonade is to DIE for!Same great customer service and freshness. I'd decided to check out the different wing choices. My order was a 6 piece (3 honey mustard and 3 lemon pepper) with the signature fruit punch. Was not a failure. Delicious and hot. Cant wait to try out the other flavors on the menu.Meaty, flavorful wings. Sriracha lemon pepper blew my mind. Honey heat was pretty good but nothing special. Lots of interesting flavors that I want to try including Creole Hot and Spicy Hot to name a few.
Strawberry lemonade was tasty
Smaller place for inside seating, no more than 10 seats I would say. But there is some outside patio seating as well. The wing store is located right across from a wine bar? I think.
The prices are reasonable for how filling the food is. Staff is friendly. Took a little while for the wings to come out but that also means that they were made fresh!J's Creole Wingery is 1/2 of "The Box Spot". The other 1/2 of this location is called "The Fresh Side" where they serve salads, & wraps. Plenty of vegan and organic options.Came here one evening with a couple of friends to check out because of their great ratings. I used to drive down N Claiborne all the time, so I was wondering where this place was going to be. When we got there, we noticed that they used repurposed shipping containers as buildings! We thought that was pretty cool. One side was for beer and the other side was for the food. The cashier was really friendly and greeted us when we walked in. I ordered the 8pc Classic Wing Combo (Sriracha Lemon Pepper and Garlic Parmesan) and upgraded my fries to Garlic Rosemary Parmesan Fries. There was also a sign that said you could upgrade your drink to a draft or select beer for $3 dollars, which I ended up doing. My friends and I decided to have a seat at one of the tables on the outside deck.
The food came out shortly after seating and they all looked great! We started to dig in and some flies flew by trying to steal our wings! We were fine until the food came out, but I guess the flies were happy returning customers. The wings were a decent size and they were all adequately sauced. My friends had the Spicy Hot, Honey Heat, and Island Jerk wing flavors that were good but nothing that really stood out. The honey heat could have used some more heat. My favorite flavors were the flavors that I ordered with the Sriracha Lemon Pepper being the clear favorite of my party. The flavor is pretty unique with a good amount of spice and a citrusy flavor. The fries that came with the combo was pretty good and I loved my upgraded fries. Usually places just sprinkle minced garlic or garlic powder to flavor the fries, but this place actually included roasted garlic cloves to them! That really stood out to me and I loved it!
Overall, this place is a pretty good place to grab some wings and hang out. There are a decent number of tables, but definitely not big enough for a large party.I right this review with great regret, as a result of having waited any amount of time beyond the minute this place opened to experience the wings here. The wings are simply the best in the city, and the super cool setup they have with dueling storage containers, one for food, the other for drinks, is genius. I almost wish I wasn't going on vacation today so I could stay there and eat wings all day.First of all the service was excellent. The owner greater us and was very pleasant. The set up is very nice. I ordered the 10pc wing combo...5 honey heat and 4 spicy hot. Both were cooked to perfection with really nice flavor. I just wished the hot heat had more heat or maybe a hotter option. I like my wings really hot. But still good flavor. Fries were crispy. And the Js fruit punch was homemade and delicious. Good prices and great service. I will definitely be back.Clean, friendly, & flavors clearly divided and delicious.  Got the lemon pepper, honey heat, garlic parm, honey mustard, and island jerk. All super tasty, esp the island jerk. You can tell they are using their fresh herbs grown in the back. Oh you know* I'm going back. They good baaayby!We tried bbq, Parmesan garlic, buffalo, lemon pepper, and I think it's called sweet heat. 
SO GOOD! really fresh fall off the bone good! The flavors are kicking and the loaded fries were perfect, nice and crisp. 
The only critique I'd give is that the lemon pepper was a little overwhelming. That spot behind my ear tingled, similarly to eating something too sour/sweet. But besides that hiccup you can't beat the price for that quality. We'll be back.I was heavily craving Garlic Parmesan Wings last week and came across this place. The flavor was CRAZY and I was so glad I treated myself to the Garlic Parmesan Rosemary fries! My whole meal was worth every penny! Definitely adding J's on my favorite wing spots' list!Friendly and vibrant staff. Very cool and hip setup. The have a tv outside, so it's a cool spot to get a drink and watch a live event showing. 
There's street parking that was completely empty when I arrive (~9:30 pm on a Friday).
One of the best wing spots in the city. I had the sriracha lemon pepper and the garlic Parmesan. They. Were. So. Darn. Good!!! I did not know how much I needed that wonderful combo of spicy and salty! Very well done! The garlic parm had a wet sauce that was also very good but a little too salty--it's not going to stop me from ordering it again. I can't wait to come back to try new flavors and the drinks! 
This would be a cute casual date spotAMAZING! Found them on yelp while visiting Nola and I'm so glad I did. Wings are cooked perfectly with a nice crunch. Creole rub and honey heat flavors were our favorites. Seasoned fries were really good tooOverall Experience : 
Nice setting, small establishment , tasty wings , creative fries , refreshing drinks , great customer service . 
Exterior : 
For the most part the outside is clean and well kept. No parking lot but there is enough on street parking options . The building is colorful which is unique . 
Interior : 
Small seating area inside plus an additional seating area outside which I guess would be considered the patio area. 
Customer service : 
I really enjoyed the two young women taking orders . It was my first time there and they did a great job helping me decide on what flavor wings, drink and fries I wanted . 
Wings : 
A nice bit of flavors to pick . There is something for everyone I'm sure .Authentic wings with great flavor! Highly recommend the sriracha lemon pepper or the Caribbean jerk! Quaint venue with nice outdoor patio. MUST TRY!I visited for the first time on 1-29-18. The service was fast and personable. My 8 pc combo (Hickory smoke bbq) with seasoned fries and J's fruit punch was tasty and filling.  Ate my meal out on the nice patio, and noted how clean and nicely done the unisex restroom is. I WILL DEFINITELY RETURN!We have been in New Orleans for a week now. Only a couple days left. I accidentally found this place yesterday. I was looking for the Fresh Side. It's a beer garden now, but this place is the other half of the Box Spot. When I say these are the best wings I have ever had, I MEAN THAT!!! 
I don't know how they do it. Perfectly done the right amount of flavor. Y'all, go get you some. Wash it down with the strawberry lemonade. Ion know how they make it but trust you need it in your life. 
I know I said we had it yesterday, but I'm writing this review from the lil patio right now because we came back. 
It may look strange when you pull up. Two trucking containers is what it is built out of with the patio in the middle. Don't worry that. Gone in, get you a combo because the fries are good too!!Bought a 10pc combo (1/2 spicy hot and island jerk) with garlic rosemary parmesan fries. The wings were unbearably salty and the fries weren't what I expected, I should have asked, they were too dry i.e. parmesan sprinkled on fries, dry rosemary and whole roasted garlic, I was expecting something like a garlic butter. I have had better, I'll give the Fresh Side a try next time. Neat place, at least I can say I've been there.Nice wings,people, and spot!  Will be back again! Definitely would recommend to friends.The wings here were amazing! We were on our last night in New Orleans and were wanting some wings and I'm glad we found this place! Cute atmosphere with outdoor seating mostly. Wings were crispy and the seasoned fries were flavorful! I had  half spicy hot and half garlic Parmesan while my boyfriend had the bbq and we did not have one complaint! It was fast and the employees were very friendly! I'd go back every time I'm in New Orleans!Best wings in New Orleans hands down.
Wings made fresh to order.  Orders are fast.
Service is great and the flavors are high quality.
#BlackOwnedWings were amazing  and great prices will be back if I'm ever in town!! They also check on you throughout your meals and make sure you're doing good. Ordered 100 wings and were delicious each flavor you won't be disappointed !Man man man I had high hopes for these wings because it was recommended by many people. But I was NOT a fan! I asked for them to fried extra crispy and they tasted like they were baked. I was so disappointed. Lolo but if you wanna try some sogggy ass wings I definitely recommend this place. 4 stars only because they black ownedStopped by here Friday with my little brother... the Wongs were ... great customer service, didn't wait long eitherI usually have a different go-to spot, but heard this place was worth trying.
I got the combo meal with 10 wings, which comes with 2 flavors, fries, veggies, and a drink! The total came out to be around $13. The two flavors I picked were the Sriracha   Lemon Pepper & Spicy Hot. The Sriracha Lemon Pepper was delicious, but the spicy hot is not something I would try again. I would like to come back and try the other flavors they offered. The cashier said honey heat has also been one of their best sellers!
I also got their J's fruit punch which had a really yummy pineapple taste! The drink was a little sugary, but just needs a mix of water, which can easily be fixed on your own to adjust to your liking.
Overall, I really liked the location - the middle patio would be perfect to sit out at with the cute lights, the packaging of the to go food and plastic cup given for the punch, and the sriracha lemon pepper flavor wings!!
What makes this place a 4/5? It was downfall on me to not pick their specialty flavors - I will be backSome of the best chicken wings in the city! I wish they offered more flavors but there are your typical flavors that'll do just fine.  Their fruit punch and strawberry lemonade are delicious! The boneless wings are my favorite!Always impressed with the service and wings. Never had a bad experience. Quick, dependable, and never miss.This is my new favorite wing spot. Tried this place on DoorDash first and had the honey heat and the sriracha lemon pepper. Both were REALLY good. The next time I made my way over there and had the jerk wings and the honey heat again. I was not a big fan of the jerk wings. They weren't bad but they just had a strange taste to me. I'm a BIG fan of the strawberry lemonade. It's so good. I will definitely be back to try the other flavors on the menu.Reputations don't lie, you see the reviews. You should expect nothing different from me. My only hiccup here is that my cravings for the wings seem to always fall on a Monday ‍ I gotta get my timing together. You gotta love what one can do with two simple shipping containers transformed into a nice, different, but solid establishment. 
I've had almost every flavor and they are all good choices, you really can't go wrong. My two favorites tho are the jerk and honey bbq matched with plain fries and ranch. It's sure to give you a massive case of the itis in the best way. The chicken is made the right way; legs and flats perfectly mixed about. 
The wait time is usually pretty quick, give em 5-7 mins or so and you're good to go. I'm also not the biggest on sweets but their house punch is the tits!
Reasonably priced and better quality, this is certainly the spot to get your wing fix.Went here because it was near an air bnb I stayed at. AMAZING wings (I did classic wings not boneless). Nice crunch on the skin of the wing and great flavors. Had to eat here twice during my stay. Their fully loaded fries are very good to and I definitely recommend their home made fruit punch!Best sauces on wings hands down. The wings won't be the only thing that makes you come back for more. The customer service Is always friendly and your food is done in no time. You must try the Sriracha lemon pepper wings, they're the BEST.While searching for chicken wings on yelp, I came across this place for the high rated reviews. After viewing the pictures posted and seeing the menu price, I finally made time make a visit from the West Bank.
Location: Let's be honest. It's not in the most glorified surroundings. I circled three times until I was actually able on find it. The restaurant itself is in a blue shipment container with an attached patio. I have I say the outside seating was nice, but don't bet on any scenery. 
Service: The staff were young and patient with me. I was surprised to witness another yelp reviewers experience that mentioned that the owners are very friendly and helpful. As I was walking in, I allowed a crew of firemen before me so that I may take some time to view the menu. While I was in line, I. didn't know it at the time, but the gentleman sitting at a table behind me handed me a menu. You guessed it, one of the owners! 
Food: I love the packaging. Now to the chicken wings. I was really excited to order the wings, but when the owner handed me the menu, the prices were increased! The menu that someone took was only 7 months ago. It was really off putting, but I went ahead and ordered the spicy hot and Caribbean dry rub. The spicy hot was overly salty and the rub was subtle. Honestly, it the prices were from 7 months ago, I'd give this 5 stars. But now they're on another price bracket. The wings aren't necessarily super  jumbo, but a fair size. At this price point, I'd be rather go to Buffalo Wild Wings or Hooters naked wings. 
I will say, their garlic-rosemary-Parmesan fries were the highlight. It's hard to eat the Rosemary, so I'd dodge it. The fries themselves have an amazing and unique texture. I'd definitely come back for the fries!
Final comments: I don't believe it is worth driving from the westbank, but if I'm in the area I just might. Given their location, I think their advantage is being the best with their surrounding competitors, if any. It's easy to see how they've gained popularity in the area.I got the honey heat & lemon pepper classic wings. The food was prepared very well and they got it out quickly. The only thing is that the lemon pepper rub was very salty. Probably won't order that again but the honey heat was great.Best chicken wings, ever. Only reason I give them three stars is because they need more hands helping. Pick-up orders aren't always placed if it's through a third-party site, like GrubHub/Uber Eats, and that causes the customer to either show up with no food, patiently wait, or get told "I can cancel it," even though you're already there waiting to pick up the food. Example, order said pick up at 8:44. It's 10:15 and food still isn't ready. I understand it's a lack of communication, but offering to cancel the order? Would've been better if they offered the meal for free because the customer was patient. Other than that, the food is bomb and legit the best wings I've had in New Orleans.Well seasoned wings and fries. Homemade strawberry lemonade was very refreshing in 90 degree weather. Clean restrooms, cool outdoor space.Sooooo goooood!!!!
The Creole Rub and Honey Heat are the bomb!
I'm torn between the Strawberry Lemonade and the J's Punch. Ok, just get both. 
Next up, is the fried okra...... 
love this place!I love J's Creole wings.The service is always great the food is always hot and fresh.Wings were great! Best ever!  So much flavor. My favorite is the Island Jerk. Fast, friendly and Black-OwnedThese wings were hands down the best I have had in a long time. Sriracha lemon pepper, jerk and garlic parmesan. They were all so good. Like other reviewers have stated, they are cooked to perfection. 
The garlic rosemary parmesan fries were also really flavorful and fresh. I like that there were whole fried garlic cloves and lots of parmesan sprinkled on top. 
There is a nice selection of beers on draft, bottled and a variety of wines to choose from. The service was friendly and the food came out fairly quickly. The set up is also nice. You can sit outside or inside and enjoy those delicious wings. Another perk is that they are open until midnight on Fridays and Saturdays. If you can't make it in,  you can always order through Waitr!
Oh yeah, I am planning my return as I type this  review.I am a fan but I had a horrible experience with customer service today at 12:00 pm on 2/17/19. The food is awesome but the cashier just cost this business money. I dont know if its a training issue or if the cashier just didn't want to come to work on a Sunday. To the owners please invest in training your cashiers. They are a reflection of you and they represent your business. I just came from church and stopped by to get some food and the young lady who is the cashier had a horrible attitude like she did not want to be bothered with working today. I want to see this business succeed and I want to spend my hard earned black dollars in a successful black business, which J's is a damn good business. When people spend their hard earned money, there should be no difference in the quality of service that they get downtown in any of the hotels, or Brennans, or Muriels. Please work with your cashiers on how they treat customers, especially your own people from the community who want to see you thrive. THE FOOD IS HELLA GOOD Y'ALLLet's get to writing! The funky blue and green storage boxes is really cool idea! Parking wasn't bad either. When I first walked in I noticed it was small inside but the have a nice out door seating area. Blue box is wings, green box is a bar. I didn't have the pleasure of attending the green box. I ordered a 8 piece with fries and a strawberry lemonade. I have hot and bbq flavors with the seasoned fries. The food was fresh and hot! The owner was friendly he made sure the food was ok, and checked to see if anything was needed. The strawberry lemonade was full of flavor. I'm really big on ranch sauce and even the ranch was good. The restroom was clean. With a tv on the outside seating area. I do have a picture of my food. And, the little box it came in was sooooo cute!