Great find when we were walking by for brunch!  The Brisket Fries were amazing. The Boudin was seasoned perfectly! The Shrimp and Grits will touch your soul. Plus bottomless mimosas on the weekend!  On the corner of the patio you can hear the sounds of the quarter, see the Mississippi and feel the breeze. Amazing atmosphere. Dominic was super chill and helpful.I've been waited for more than 20min but none even took our order. It looks like waiter/waitress were ignoring us. Decided to leave without ordering. Very disappointed.Typical bar food with an upscale twist.  All of our dishes were well seasoned.  However if you think it is a restaurant it is not.  It is more a bar that happens to serve food.  Had it not been lunchtime, kids would definitely not be acceptable attendees.We went here tonight around 4. It was pretty empty since it was an odd time. Everyone in my group was very happy with their food. Our waitress's name was Diane and she was very nice. She was a great waitress and she talked to us about the menu and other things about the city and food. The food and service was very good. My friend ordered the gumbo and shrimp poboy and really enjoyed both. She thought the shrimp was a little spicy but she loved it. My sister ordered a cheeseburger and really enjoyed it. The menu on the website isn't up to date to the restaurant since they've made some changes but the new menu is very good and has plenty of choices.Only 6 items are on the actual menu. Very disappointed. Poor service. No one seemed to care that we were there. Food review to follow....Lucky you to have stumbled upon this life saving review. I can't believe what I was served. For $20, a side salad with stale shredded cheese and cheap croutons over mixed greens, and the unforgivable, crawfish etouffe. A brown curd like substance that carried 3 tiny crawfish over rice that may have broke my teeth. I keep it real, I rarely give such a review but this is purpose of yelp. You want real, NOLA food, then get out of the quarter and go to Jacques-imos cafe. Or anywhere in the garden distric, midcity, or uptown. Otherwise plan on being constipated and nauseous as a result of the food poison in the quarter.Yeah... I didn't look at the reviews before I ordered. This is a great patio bar. Sit here and enjoy looking at the river while drinking beer or wine. Don't order any food. Our waiter was awesome and sweet but I'm pretty sure the gumbo was Progresso, and the jambalaya seemed to be made with brown rice?  My husband enjoyed his shrimp po boy, and the people near us seemed pleased with their cheese plate appetizer.  Anyway. ...come here for quieter than most places bar cafe. Look on Yelp for someplace else to eat.Huge place, but I really wish that they had at least one beer on tap that was theirs, especially with a name like "Jackson Brewery". They sell shirts and other merchandise with the brewery name on it, but don't have their own beer and can only give you bits and pieces of a story as to why not. 
After that it's just your standard bar.I really liked this place. Great view, great atmosphere, but started to get really crowded around midnight. There was a $10 cover but we had arrived before they started charging, so we lucked out. Drinks were fairly reasonable and the music was good. Good overall atmosphere for the few hours we were there. The outside balcony was so nice and it had a view of the canal.  Next time we're in NOLA, we'll definitely try to make another visit.We were the first in... And the last out. The service was horrible, excruciatingly painfully slow. One in our party didn't even receive her meal after 1.5 hours. Requested mayonnaise never came, requested extra plates took half an hour. The first plate anyone got in our party came in 1.25 hours, long after we saw plates being delivered to those who came after us, with parties larger than us. But I have to say the food was great and I had an okay time. I would go here if you have enough time andNot good, skip this one. Great view, food subpar for NOLA standards. Need to step it up if they want to improve their ratings.Atmosphere was great, the service was solid on this visit.  Local beers served on tap were solid.  Food however was average.  Out of all the things we ordered the frog legs and oyster po boy were the best, the ettoufe was average, and the bbq pork sandwich was poor.  Wasn't upset that we went but we will be searching for more next time we go to the quarter to eat.Service was incredibly slow, especially considering it wasn't that busy. Food arrived cool and a few orders were missed. They let a patron come in that was completely hammered and watched the guy crawl up the stairs almost falling down the whole thing twice, they said it's not their responsibility to keep him from killing himself, "that's why we pay so much for insurance" was the exact words. 
There are many better options along Decatur. The overall review on Yelp is legit.This is a staple French quarter spot. Very casual (couches, live music, cheap beers, etc.) great place for sporting events and there is a fantastic Panasonic view of the area. I ordered the fried green tomatoes and though they were a little salty, I really enjoyed them. My friend ordered the jax burger medium and it took over an hour to receive (due to ticket issues in the system) and though it was well done it was good tasting when it did arrive. The manager graciously offered us free desserts and it was great tasting as well. The bread pudding has been the best option I've had in recent history. The beignets were, dare I saw this, better than Cafe Du Mondes which is across the street. I would come back and recommend it any visitors.The food and drinks are good, however we went for brunch on a Sunday and it took way too long to get our food and they were not busy. Our waiter was slow and non existent half the time. The food was good when we finally got it but we were very close to walking out. 
On the positive side- Definitely recommend stopping in to grab a "Cool Cucumber". Best drink I had in Nola.Very good food. Nice variety. Service was very pleasant. A great Oyster Bacon Sandwich. Great breakfast sandwich on a croissant. Yummy lettuce wrap. All the food was very fresh. Service was a bit slow (I swear it's a NOLA thing). But, to be expected with the weekend crowd and seating availability at the bar only. Pretty nice view of the river from the upstairs bar was a bonus. It was one of our better meals in NOLA. Price is reasonable. Lunch for 4 was less than $50 (cocktails not included, only soft drinks). I would definitely dine here again.Disclaimer: it seemed the wait staff was shorthanded. Not disclaimer: the service was not very good, when we had service at all. Very, very slow or non-existent despite not being very busy. Never did get a box for my leftovers, just left them and walked out after paying. At least the alligator gumbo, frog legs, and begniets were good, and were warm when they arrived. Pretty disappointed with all aspects except the food.Had some local brew here. Leah was very knowledgeable about all on tap and very informative on local sights. Loved it!!The food was good but a little pricey. Unfortunately there was one person working downstairs as the hostess, waitress, bartender, server, runner (had to go upstairs to get the food) so it took a little while to get served.Delicious food, friendly staff and a great view of the river. I am pleased to say that the Jackson Brewery was my introduction to 'gator meat and it did not disappoint. Not only was the the Blackened Gator Wrap bursting with flavor, it was also presented quite well. Add some potato wedges and life is good. Jackson Brewery was a tasty experience.Came a bit early before our ghost tour on a Monday and told the server straightaway what our time frame was. No problem was the response. We had 45 mins and we ordered 2 sandwiches. The first annoyance was that the bar was out of ingredients to make several of their signature cocktails and I ordered my third choice- it was good, but how do you run out of your SIGNATURE cocktail ingredients?? 15 mins left until our tour and I enquire with the host where the heck our server is and where our food is. Apparently he had been waiting in the kitchen for our food because they ran out of BBQ sauce. Wtf. HOW DOES A RESTAURANT RUN OUT OF BBQ SAUCE???? The "chef" had to make it from scratch. Their menu has 4 sandwiches on it. 2 of them have bbq sauce. You might was well close for the day. We ended up having to take our things to go and split up to catch our tour. This is ridiculous customer service. And on top of that, the 2nd sandwich had no dressing at all. After all that trouble making the sauce, it never made it on the sandwich. It seemed as though they had no one with any experience working that night. With such a small menu, wouldn't it be pertinent to have everything to make all of your dishes?? To be fair, they did only charge us for one sandwich. Still a completely ridiculous "bistro." Don't waste your time here.Stopped in looking for a late afternoon lunch.  There were people sitting at the bar, a bartender & another couple workers in & out.  No welcome, nod or offer of  seating.  Oh well, Not that big of a deal.  Our party of 6 made our way upstairs to the balcony seating we could see.  1 busy bartender, no sign of any other wait staff.  That bartender did not notice or even look our way.  Waited at our table awhile, finally going to bartender when no one came.  He told us. "yeah, there's no table service"  By this time a little irritated because a sign stating this would be a simple solution to let customers know what to do.  Each couple ordered food.  2 couples received theirs.  The rest of us had finished eating and the last couple's still had not come.  They finally asked about it and it came in a bit.  By then we had been there a very long time & they only had time to eat a few bites before having to leave for a pre-planned event.  The bartender could have offered an apology or been more concerned.  But the main problem seems to be management.  What is a HUGE restaurant  that serves food doing with one bartender to take care of everything?  The food was fine and the view towards the Mississippi beautiful.  Maybe it was an unusual day.  if not...1 or 2 more staff & a couple signs would help make it a better experience for customers.Food was lukewarm and bland...service was slow and shoddy. Wouldn't recommend it with too many other great places around.The bartenders were WASTED!  They were more interested in pouring shots from the bottle directly into their mouths (which is gross and completely unsanitary) than making money and serving drinks.  I had to repeat my order to the soon to be black out bartender twice before he finally got it.  He told me the to$50.00 bill and he returned a $1.00 bill, he looked at me like I was crazy.  He was so drunk he had no idea how much money I gave him and I had to do the math for him so he could figure it out.  The DJ was also on the weak side.  Played a total random mix of super old school music, to techno to top 40--there was no cohesiveness.  The place died down around 2AM on a Saturday night which was also a downer.  We thought since it was Memorial Day weekend and the rest of the city was packed, this would be our "go to" spot, but we were disappointed with all of the above.2 words - EXPENSIVE BEER! Beware, because I never thought 2 pints of Abita would come to $13.50. 
It's a nice convenient spot to stop for a cold one after walking along the Riverfront. It's right across from Jackson Square. 
We sat at the bar, bartender's service was ok, but a "thumb up" on their charging station! I was able to juice up my phone as I was wondering why I just paid $13.50 for 2 pints of local beer.I frequent this place for Friday happy hour. I am not sure why it's not busier than it is because the deals on martini's for the ladies and beer for the guys can't be beat.  
I've enjoyed a few appetizers here.  The bacon wrapped shrimp was really good. The blackened gator had way too much salt. I couldn't even choke that down, but that's the only thing I've eaten here that wasn't good.  
The staff on Friday's downstairs are very friendly and fun.  I haven't been to the club scene upstairs, but it looks like it would be a good time. It's always packed.My friend and I stopped by here for a quick beer in the middle of the afternoon on a Monday. The place was pretty empty so we went to the upstairs bar. There were maybe 2 other pairs of people at the bar when we initially sat down.
The bartender was helping someone out and then came over to us. We asked for a drink menu and she brought us a cocktail one. We asked if she had a beer one and she said she'd bring one over in a second. In this time frame, I'd guess maybe 2 more pairs of people joined the bar.
This bartender was helping out one couple for what seemed like forever. As in she took their drink orders, made their drinks, brought out their tab, took their money, and brought out their change. All in one sitting. While all the other groups of people were sitting there waiting. She kept saying things like "Ok I'm gonna help these ladies first, then you guys, then those gentlemen! I'll be right with you!" even though she could have easily multi-tasked instead of spending all her time with one couple.
Finally she got back to us and asked what we wanted. I repeated "Can we see a beer menu?" and she goes "Oh right!" and goes to grab one while again trying to reassure the other groups of people that she'd be right with them.
She also proceeded to break a couple glasses when she opened up the cash register and we heard her mention that those were the 4th glasses she'd broken that day.
Not sure if it was normal for there to just be 1 bartender but considering the amount of people there were compared to a busier night, she seemed really flustered and disorganized.
The beer itself, the sugarcane wheat, tasted like water so overall...this place was absolutely a "meh" to me.Our bartender Dante made the experience for us. 
First time visitors to New Orleans, my boyfriend and I found Jax Brewery on the walk from our breakfast at Cafe Du Monde. We figured we would have a brew and keep it moving. That was 4 hours ago. 
Thanks to Dante, we made friends at the bar, and have been hanging out for the entire first half of the day. It is rare to find people to not only start conversations with, but to be able to form a connection with and enjoy the day. Highly recommended place to stop for a drink or 4.menu not that big.  
hard to find since whole buiding says Jax brewery, but it's the size of a large high school, but the restaurant is the size of a living room on a corner. 
good house salad
jambalya ok, not great
gumbo so-soMy boyfriend and I were wanting a place to sit and relax while enjoying some fries or something similar. The staff was very disorganized and told us to sit wherever. We sat upstairs and after 5 minutes and numerous workers walking by, someone finally told us we had to move. We sat outside and were greeted promptly. Our server was nice and took our order quickly. We got the brisket cheese fries which tasted alright for what they were. During our stay I used the restroom which is another reason my rating is lower. I was disgusting! If your cheapest appetizer is over $10, at least have toilet paper in more than one stall (not an over exaggeration). Also, all of the stalls were filthy.. One seat even was covered in what appeared to be period blood. Either the prices need to be lowered to match the quality of the establishment, or the quality raised to match the prices.This place was very disorganized in its layout and it was very hard to distinguish who worked there. The waiter knew next to nothing about the menu which was very limited. There was no drink menu and again the waiter knew nothing about what was available. The wait times were long on the whole experience. The food was actually good. Pricey for the amount t but the burger I ordered was good, even though I waited for a long time. The scene at this place seemed like a frat house and not a decent brewery. We expressed our disappointment with the manager and she comped our drinks. 
Only plus. Manager was cute.Lettuce wraps are very salty.  The shrimp appetizer was really good though. Top 40 music, but little to no one on restaurant on a Monday @ 1pm. Had it not been raining and we needed cover, we likely wouldn't have eaten here. Decent. Not memorable in the least.This place is absolutely the worst dining experience I have ever had. It took 30 minutes for them to even seat us, while the place was actually completely empty. The server had no clue what he was doing. He didn't bring us cutlery, so our appetizers which included salad and wings were just sitting there. We asked for water twice, it didn't come. The waiter seemed very stressed even though the place want busy at all. We complained to a manager who told us the meal was "on the house" then we get the bill and it wasn't even discounted. My group is successful and we have money, but we also expect decent service. We complained again, they took $46 off our bill of over $200. We at that point asked for the manager again, we got a different manager who said we have to pay and that the owner will not let the meal be on the house. So we asked for the owner, who she said refused to come see us. Way to pass the buck. We simply paid the bill and will never come here ever again, you don't have to tell us that you dont care about customer service, it was abundantly clear.We stopped here for lunch, even with the mixed reviews.  We were seated upstairs and opted to share a few things.  We ordered the brisket fries which were exactly how they sound--super tender, flavorful brisket with cheese on crispy fries.  So good.  We also ordered the duck bombs and they were delicious.  We did a flight of four beers and I loved the passion fruit one, it was not too sweet and very refreshing.Well I guess this place has a problem with ignoring people. My boyfriend and I walked in and waited to be seated for 10 mins. At no point did anyone even acknowledge that we were there. The only people in the place were the people sitting at the bar so it wasn't like it was super busy. The only reason we came back was for the Ghost Adventures Walking Tour, but even having forced to go back, I refused to give them my business.This wasn't really what I expected. Well, actually, the downstairs is what I expected... I had no idea about the club-like area upstairs. Interesting. Not really my scene, but interesting. It's kind of cool that they have a mix of a laid-back bar downstairs with the club atmosphere upstairs for those that are much more hip than I.
We went on a Saturday and the place was packed. I got in free, the fiance had to pay a $5 cover. Not bad. As with everywhere in this area, finding free street parking is a pain, but there is a lot next to Jax that you can pay to park (it's reasonable).
Be prepared to pay $9 for a mixed drink, but it's served in a large cup and is quite strong.
I found myself using the Shazam app to find out what the DJ was actually playing... apparently I'm more out of the "top 40" music loop than I thought I was.
This place reminds me that I'm old, but otherwise, it's pretty cool. I would probably return.A friend and I ate here while we were waiting for a ghost tour to start around the corner.  We got a beer flight and a watermelon mojito.  The local beer has too much hops for my taste, but the watermelon mojito was downright refreshing and only $6.  Our server was new but very nice and did a good job.  The blackened alligator was so good!  I've had alligator many times before - but this was different in a really good way :)  It was so tender and the spices added so much flavor but not at all spicy.  The seared tuna salad was cooked perfectly.  I don't remember what my friend ordered but she loved it as well.  I would definitely go back.  The only thing I wish was better would be the cleanliness, but it's a bar in the French Quarter so I understand :)This is a fairly new place that opened a few months ago. It is actually a restaurant that is a club/bar at night. They serve food until 11:00 p.m.  I have never actually eaten here so I am reviewing it for the nightlife aspect. I want to like this place a little more than I actually do. It is a good sized place with a few bars set-up for easy access to drinks. They have a larger than average sized dance floor right in the middle of the place. The D.J. plays the current hits; consisting mostly of pop and hip hop songs. They just recently (a few weeks ago) changed the age rule from no one under 21 to girls 18 and up and guys 21 and up..... which i think put a damper on a certain demographic. Personally I don't really want to party with a bunch of high schoolers..... there are so many other places in the Quarter that girls that are 18 can go to, so I am not all that pleased with this decision. Anyway, there are 3 different VIP Loft-like sections that are set up on the second floor overlooking the entire club. These sections range in price depending on what they have going on that night. The night we were there in one of those sections, they were charging $1500 per section. That's a hefty price to pay, but it was sooooo much fun. We were set up in the VIP Lounge that housed the D.J. and he was awesome. I'm sure you can imagine that for that amount of money, you also have your own server who frequently checks on you and makes sure your bottle service is going smoothly. I had such a great time at this place. The reason I rated them a 3 out of 5 is due to the extremely young and sometimes unruly crowd that they have in the main area of the club. It's not really my thing to go to places with drunk kids fist fighting, ya know. And let me tell you, you WILL see fights in this place if you're there anytime after 2 a.m. Next time I'm on Decatur during the daytime, I am going to stop in and grab some lunch from here and I will update you on how the food is.Horribly slow service- 15 min to get drinks and food was not worth it. They were even out of the most common menu ingredient (the brisket). Place has lots of potential but this has happened to us twice at this place.I was at first excited at the thought of a brewery with some outdoor spaces, but super disappointed. We sat outside 25 minutes waiting for a waitress, there was no drink menu, and the beer flight came out with no names so I had no idea what I was drinking.This place sucks!! 20 min to get a drink and it was not busy... Food undercooked (burger)... No flavor... Don't waste your money!! Go somewhere else.Good location. 
Slow service. The waiter didn't even have a pad to take notes. She had to come back over twice to confirm our orders with us. 
What "brewery" doesn't have a beer menu/list? Insane!!!
The food is overpriced for what you get. Mediocre at best.Great meal on Sunday-brisket, eggs,and the most colorful potatoes.  Pair this with an ipa and you are good to go!First off I can't stand people who only write reviews to complain about everything that they come into contact with so I'm giving pros and cons.  First off, big shout out to the downstairs bartender Michelle who waited on me on 4/28/2011 at 5:30 in the evening.  You did an excellent job, even having to come outside to wait on me while tending behind the bar.  Second, the venue is absolutely beautiful and so big! I really hope y'all find a way to fill it up.  I have watched this place come together now for the last several months in anticipation of what it was going to turn out like and I'm impressed, job well done.
Now for the big Debbie Downer, I went upstairs to the bar where one bartender and two (appeared to be) servers were huddled around three hipsters sitting at the bar, literally the only people in the place except for me.  I got the bartenders attention and asked if I could sit outside, she replied yes, pick a table and a server would be with me shortly, she then went back to conversing with I'm assuming her friends who had come in for happy hour support of her new job.
I pick a beautiful spot on the veranda overlooking the Mississippi and sit down ready to enjoy a cocktail and some hopefully scrumptious food on a super awesome spring afternoon in NOLA 
5 mins. No server...that's ok I'm finishing up some business stuff but I'm thirsty.
10 mins. Still no server. Now I'm really thirsty but the view is outstanding.
15 mins later...still no server, hmmm.  I start to look around and make sure I'm not hidden behind one of the large concrete sections of the building, No; I can see the bartender just fine still talking to her friends at the bar.  I get up and try to get the bartenders attention...no luck she is engrossed in the three hipsters on the other side of the bar...they must be great tippers.  I go back and sit down in hopes that maybe a server saw me and will promptly be over to actually serve me.
20 mins later...now I've had enough, I gather my things and go inside to leave when I spy a server hiding behind the far side of the bar talking to I'm assuming another server although at this point I'm not sure the term "server" is appropriate.  I also get the bartenders attention to make sure she knows that she told me twenty minutes ago someone would be right with me.  One of the servers gets very excited at this point and grabs a menu in a haste to pretend like she suddenly cares whether or not I eat today at the fine establishment that has gainfully employed her but alas it is too late.  Instead they all get my opinion instead of my hard earned money.
I went downstairs where Michelle the bartender was very kind and prompt and willing to wait on me.
The food was good, what they had in stock anyway.  I really wanted to try the Boudin Sausage w/ Creole Mustard Sauce but it was gone so I had the Shrimp Bienville which was good but not enough crositni to go with the portion of Bienville. I also wanted the Honey Curried Shrimp Skewers but those were gone too so I had the Applewood Bacon Wrapped Shrimp which was really yummy.  I finished with the Chicken Bourbonyaki sliders.  These were also very good.  Bottom line, food is good, but you need to get your servers in order or when this place fills up your going to crash and burn and I hate to see all that hard work go to waste over a few lazy servers.Super cool building in the heart of the French Quarters.  It's too bad the brewery building is now just shops and restaurants.  They've got the best spot in the corner next to the action.  I'm not a huge beer drinker but I did like their beer.  Looking forward to the next trip to NOLA when I can sit at the bar and taste them all.  This is a good place to chill out and do some people watching.Don't eat at Jax's the food was horrible.. I order a hamburger and it came with no cheese, no tomato, only meat and bread and the meat was cold. I was very disappointed I will never eat here again. I do not recommend this place... Maybe they are known for their beer. Not to mention it took us one hours to get our cool food.The bartenders ROCK. Gave us some local places on Frenchman street to go to at night and rocked some day drinking beverages!! Came here three times during our weekend getaway!! If you are anywhere near Jackson square hit them up!!!We heard about this place on our first trip to NOLA but it took round two for us actually make it inside.  The general manager is a total doll and the security guys at the front are equally friendly and awesome.  There is a cover on Sunday nights but the music is awesome, the crowd is huge, although late coming.  Great option for something off of Bourbon St, gives you the room to dance a little but also relaxing enough that you can hang out by the bar and have a conversation.  Definitely recommend it if you want to dress up a little and dance to some good music while still experiencing some southern charm!Decided to give this place another chance now that they have been open for a month or so. We sat upstairs on the deck overlooking the swelling Mississippi river. It was about 4 pm and we decided on wine and small plates. Hannah was our server and she was friendly, prompt and attentive. She was knowledgeable about the food, and a great spokesman for the venue by telling us about the upcoming events such as Ladies night and how to rent the VIP sections of the venue. This is a great concept for the FQ because it's an upscale nightclub type of place completely different from the Bourbon St. style clubs. Yet, it's also a chill place for afternoon drinks with an awesome view. Hannah was done with her shift but stayed behind to finish waiting on us. Another table was seated by the host on the deck and the table belonged to another server, unfortunately like my first experience, no one ever came out to wait on them and they left after waiting for about 15 minutes. Hannah did an excellent job but I guess some of the other servers still aren't quite up to par. If you get a bad waitress and are willing to tough it out, the food is actually quite good and the venue is a nice change from typical FQ.Really I mean 4.5 stars.  My beaux and I walked in here accidentally looking for the diner next door and boy am I glad we did. The host graciously led us to the upstairs patio when I requested to be sitting in as much sun as possible. It was mid-day, so I can't really comment on any of the dance/bar stuff but if I ever end up on death row, my last requested meal will be the Catfish Arcadia with Crawfish Etouffee.  I literally threw my fork down after the first bite.  His pork chop was just as delicious.  Also, I was introduced to Andy Gator there which became my staple beer for the rest of my NOLA trip.  It was hard not to go back and eat every day.  The same host let us know about the Friday night dance party, but we're not really the club type so we never went for it.  The second floor stage looks like it'd be an awesome venue for a band to play though.  But the food... five stars for that alone, and minus half a star for the construction that was going on above my head and the strange things that started floating into my beer at the end of the meal.  Totally worth it though.Came to NOLA with my bf for our anniversary. We stumbled upon this bar on our first day. We stayed at the bar area and had a sampler of their different beers on tap. They were all local beers which were great. Our bartender was Dante and he was really helpful in suggesting drinks and great conversation. He was also great at giving us directions to other places we wanted to visit around the quarter.Only came here for a couple of beers- maybe an off day? The staff all seemed so miserable- not saying the service was bad or anyone was rude- just lots of unhappy faces. Go upstairs and take a seat on the patio furniture outside-also won't have to see all the sad sac faces inside that wayI'm not sure about all of the mixed reviews below, but we randomly stopped in Jax last night and are so glad we did! It was a quiet Monday night, so it wasn't packed, but we only wanted to stop in to try a few local beers. Our bartender, Chase, was FANTASTIC! He let us know we could try whatever we wanted and lived up to that. We tried several before deciding on our first round. And then stayed for a few more as the beer, the service, and the company was so dang pleasant. 
Chase gave us the happy hour menu which has great prices! We got the beer & crab fondue which was only $5 and then the alligator gumbo off the regular menu. We went to one place for gumbo on our way down here and was SO disappointed, but the alligator gumbo at Jax's TOTALLY turned out gumbo frowns upside down. Dark roux, a nice heat and delicious meats. So much yum! The beer & crab fondue was also delicious. It was nice and airy with lots of seafoody flavors. 
I'd give this place 6 stars if I could. Food, drinks, and most of all, a wonderful bartender, went beyond our expectations!We went here hoping to get some local craft beer, but when we were seated we learned they had nothing on tap. To make it worse, the food took forever and tasted pretty bad. Not worth your time or money.Got a flight of Louisianan beer to taste up on the top level and compare to what we are spoiled with on the west coast. We didn't get any food, just the beer. It was A-OK, nothing that spectacular. Again, we are spoiled in CA. 
The place has great views of the river, spacious seating and great indie music playing throughout.  We came in the early afternoon and it was DEAD. 1 other couple was there eating when we walked in.  The only downside is when you step out on the patio to enjoy the views of the Mississippi River, there is an abundance of homeless people yelling quite vulgar things to those walking past and it's loud. Takes away from the experience.   In hindsight we'd probably pass on it!The service at this place was the best I've had in a long time. The guy that was serving my cousin/uncle and I did an excellent job. My uncle even went back inside and told him that after leaving him a big tip.
I had a very good beer there, with a catfish poboy with waffle fries. All I can tell you is wow! I was so happy after eating there. 
Great place for a beer or food. They have TV screens so you can watch sports even all around.My friend and I just stopped by to check the place out. He told me that he has been hearing a lot of good stuff about their nightlife and dragged me here before my mandatory after-dancing Cafe du Monde beignet stop (this visit occurred after a few fantastic hours at Mimi's*).
We went to the second floor where the Top 40 songs were beckoning me to dance some more before eating beignets. I am a fan of their dark wood furnishing (mind, it was not exactly very bright so my eyes could have been tricked), but I am not a fan of the super sticky dance floor. But when I am out dancing, I really don't care much for anything but the music, so this did not deter me too long from enjoying myself.
Here is what you should keep in mind, though: Jackson Brewery is just like any club I can easily find here at home. Nothing made me think that I was in New Orleans, which is not always a bad thing but it is never the best thing. Still quite an enjoyable time, though.
*http://www.yelp.com/biz/mimis-in-the-marigny-new-orleans#hrid:45pMGS0qtLyoSS6DRSJDaABeer was good. The Rye had some really good toastiness to it. Unfortunately it was served in two mugs fresh from the dish washer. When we complained, we were told that was all that was available. The frog legs were really tasty. The shrimp poboy didn't have any dressing on it - no mayo or anything. The waiter forgot out kid's grilled cheese sandwich order. And then there's the buzzing in the speakers from the sound stage upstairs. Not just a little bit of zing - a loud buzzing whenever there isn't an artist playing. Please tell me this city has more to offer.Tamra and Dominic were great and food was so good. Definitely recommend Taste of NOLA, Jax burger or even better, the briquet melt! Go there!What's a New Orleans trip without beignets?  Located right next to world famous Cafe Du Mond on Decatur, to the left of the main restaurant and pub is a small cafe that features small sandwiches, snacks and drinks. 
Not wanting to wait in the 30 min line for Cafe Du Mond, I opted to start my morning next door at Jax's with their version of the beignet.  The is a small coffeeshop that resembles a 50's diner (not the main Jax restaurant, but the coffee shop to the left of it).  I sat down at the bar and ordered the cafe au lait and a beignet with light sugar.  A really nice, sweet lady took my order and told me that the difference between theirs and Cafe Du Mond's recipe is theirs is lighter and more pastry like, while the other is made with bread flour so is a little doughier.  She also wanted to tell me that most people who try theirs like them better.  Also, their coffee (Jax's) doesn't contain chicory so isn't as bitter.  
It came out quickly, and the beignets were hot and steaming as they should.  They were crunchy on the outside and indeed, compared to cafe Du Mond's, seemed a little hollow on the inside, though not completely.  They did have enough pastry goodness to get enough of that beignet feel, with a fluffier texture.  I could see what she meant by being lighter and not "doughy" but I wouldn't exactly call it better, just different.  Every bite had a delicious crunch to it, so I would say it was a close finish.  
The coffee was an excellent way to wash the beignets down, and is much less bitter without the chicory.  Would definitely recommend, especially as an alternative to the long lines at Cafe Du Mond.  However, if it's your first time in New Orleans, you still need to go just to say you've been and tried the beignets at Cafe Du Mond.  No getting around that!Just had gator balls and a few beers. Staff was helpful and very friendly. Gator balls were good, but had a kick which my wife did not enjoy. I loved them though.This place is mediocre at best. I ordered an omelet and it came unseasoned and cold. Potatoes on the plate where pretty good but also cold. The place serves breakfast but was almost empty at 10 am.Needs to update their menu. Their online menu doesn't match the in house menu. We took a taxi cab ride there only to be disappointed and had to find another place that met everyone's menu needs. 
The waitress was fantastic and gave us some other places to check out. The placed seemed really nice, clean, and the staff was well trained. The staff turned an okay encounter into a positive one.New locay to dine, drink and watch a humungous big screen! No need for thirsty Thursdays - Martini's $5  daily during happy hour. Geof the bartender whipped a few mad one's for me and my girls. He wasn't so bad to look at either ;)
I ordered the lobster bisque and it was very good. My sister ordered the quesadillas and growled si bueno! The rooftop view makes the 2nd floor look like a NY club. There are huge TV's in a room for Football games - 'Jackpot'. Had fun for my first visit to the JBB.It's weird: Much of what's going on with my life is a complete surprise to even myself.  I wasn't supposed to be in New Orleans or be staying with my friend whom I hit up last minute, but somehow we ended up here when I was already pretty shithoused, running with our umbrellas trying to beat the impending storm that never came.  The outside area upstairs is cool with a view of the Mississippi River (always makes me think of Tom Sawyer or one of those books).  However, there is only one dingy table outside AND, it's the target blasting area of some sort of restaurant ventilation so if you look cute, keep in mind that you will leave smelling like greasy french fries which makes you less cute.  
Drinks are like $10 each.  EXPENSIVE!  And small sized like but I was drunk already so no harm no foul.  Mojitos are better than margaritas.  It's a huge space inside but not many people upstairs.Came here for a pit stop drink. Got 2 hurricanes togo for $10 during happy hour. The bartender was very friendly. Place was big. I would definitely recommend coming here fore happy hourStopped in because it said brewery. To put the word "bistro" into the title of this place is misleading.
We walked in and had to get the hostess' attention, who was texting, to seat us. We could not understand a word she said because she was quiet and mumbling and walking away from us.
The waiter knew NOTHING about any of the beers that they served (we both wanted the sampler). And the place did not even have a beer list to assist this poor helpless waiter. Maybe we are just Michigan beer snobs but I expect you to know something about the items that you are serving.
After having to walk from my table up to the bar to figure out what the beers actually were I ordered the samplers for the 2 of us. When they came he said they were in the order that I had ordered them in....but in reality they were all mixed up.
So besides the service being bad AND incompetent the beers were very blah. One out of the five beers we had was worth anything.
Our food was borderline edible at best. We got the cheese and meat plate. The cheese had obviously  been sitting out all day and was crappy processed cheddar and pepperjack. And the atmosphere is on par with a horrible, empty, franchise sports bar on its last leg. It is attached to a run down shopping mall.
In a city with so many good options do NOT come here. You will waste your time and money.
You have been warned.Great bar for a little day drinking. Stopped in with my sisters and mom while doing some sight-seeing and had a Bloody Mary (amazing with pickled green beans) and other speciality drinks. Also had a drink to go. Upstairs looked like it would be fun late night.We were looking for beignets and coffee for breakfast the day after Thanksgiving. The line for the most well-known place was way too long on this very cold morning. So we drove around a bit and found Jax down the road.
We parked across the street, waited in a much shorter line and believe me, these beignets were fantastic! Hot, freshly made, covered in powdered sugar, served with hot coffee. We were able to get a table inside and enjoy our breakfast and get warm so much faster than anywhere else around there. I don't believe that the beignets anywhere else would have been any better either!This brewery is absolutely amazing! Every beer they serve is a local Louisiana brew, making it perfect for tourists and locals alike. The staff is super friendly and really know their drinks and beer. It has a great ambiance and great food as well. For vegans try the french fries, string beans or fried green tomatoes. If you're a beer lover you will absolutely love this bar!Roach infested. Decent food. No drink selection. Bar looked cool but was totally empty.We went there for an "exclusive" formal NYE party with seriously expensive tickets. There were about 8 bar tenders for several hundred people...forget getting a drink. At this classy affair, the DJ played family family favorites like the Macarena and the Cupid shuffle...we stepped out for the chicken dance. As a lover of decent breweries, culture, and otherwise cool spots, the visit to the Jackson Brewery was unquestionably the worst part of my visit to NOLA.Great time at Jax. Great local beers, great food and service was amazing Deona was great, very friendly, and informative about what to do in New Orleans. They also have a great view of the Mississippi on the upstairs balcony areaHere's a review for you, don't go to a haunted house tour that meets here. So lame.
On the other hand, you get $1 off a beer if you do, so there's that.HOLY COW!  Where did this little treat sneak up from?!?
So, like other locations, this was a simple pass and go for us when we were/are in the area.  It looks nice, don't get me wrong, and is even in a good location, but it never screamed "hey - I'm full of delicious goodness.  Aren't you curious?!?"  So normally it was just a quick glance as the host/hostess tried to wave us inside as we continued our ventures into the French Quarter for unknown and tasty food locations.
On this particular day (one of many) we, however, decided that we just wanted a quick snack and this would make a good stop.  Especially since it was a place we KNEW was enroute back to our hotel.  Why go out of the way when we just want a snack, and a nap?  :)
So, into the bistro we go.
Deciding to split something to eat, we decide that the BBQ 'pulled' brisket sliders are idea.  They are small enough to not over do it, but big enough to split/share and not feel starving.  Of course these came with fries.  Now, before I give details, I'll let you know we are both BBQ fanatics, tried a lot of places and have a lot of favs... with THE SHED in Ocean Springs, MS ranked #1 in our hearts and stomachs.  
So, when I take the time to say these little sliders were... well... AMAZING.  You should know that it's not just me having a drunken meal to help sober me up.
Rather, this was a sober choice of dish that I would return several times for until the waitress was forced to come back and tell me my card was declined due to lack of funds.  That how good it was!!
The brisket wasn't tuff, or chewy, or 'burnt' like one could fear it being when cooked improperly.  Instead it was perfection.  Tender, moist, little bit of bark along the edges to add that flavor.  Just perfect.  A slapped, pretty heavily I might add, between two soft and buttery buns was - for lack of a better term - heaven!  The fries were waffle fries (her favorite) and had a nice little crunch to them, but in the way of being burnt.  So a perfect combination.
We had to remind ourselves it was only a snack, because I almost requested another order to nom down on.  Instead we managed to contain ourselves and balance it out by licking the plate clean.  I feel it may have looked awkward but was appreciated by the chef.  
If the rest of their food is anything like this, we'll be coming back next time we're in the area to venture into other dishes.  But if you're looking for a delicious BBQ treat while you're surrounded by Cajun goodness (happens to the best of us) I'd highly recommend (several times!!) this fantastic JAX Bistro location!!!!!Lettuce wraps are very salty.  The shrimp appetizer was really good though. Top 40 music, but little to no one on restaurant on a Monday @ 1pm. Had it not been raining and we needed cover, we likely wouldn't have eaten here. Decent. Not memorable.Great location in Jackson Square, friendly bartenders with a good selection of local beer (not brewed in house), nothing special for foodWe decided to eat here after Cafe Du Monde had a two hour wait. We walked in and the manager (or maybe owner?) was standing there. He sat us, and was very awkward about it. He was borderline rude. Our waitress was very sweet. The place looks very cool, right on the water and a view of Jackson Square. We both got the Jax burgers. They were really good. Nothing out of this world, but we didn't leave disappointed. We shared some beignets, and thought they were delicious. However neither of us had ever had them, so I can't really say whether or not they were actually good, but we enjoyed them. Overall this place is cool, and a neat spot for lunch. Like everything else around it, overpriced for what it is. That's expected in a big city though. The menu is very limited, wish they had more to choose from.Probably gets most business from location--not by being extraordinary.  Beer selection (on draft) doesn't seem well curated and my bartender didn't seem especially knowledgeable--and I don't think there was a list/descriptions available.  It's below a brewery but no call out for in house beers, not even sure there were any...
Food wasn't bad, had a brunch meal that involved brisket over potatoes with cheese and eggs, pretty good.Awful service and food. Ridiculous.
Had to order my drink 3 times before the server actually brought it (we were literally sitting in the bar); brought a "vodka/soda" that was literally water; brought food for someone elses table, then took it way; brought an appetizer meant for crostinis but didn't bring crostinis for another 15 minutes; brought us dinner rolls left over from "a party in the back"; shrimp po boy was dry; fries were cold; at the end the server (who wrote hardly anything down which was likely a key problem) came around and asked everybody what they had again so he could prepare the bill.  Server did bring bacon wrapped shrimp for everyone, which was apparently good, but the sorry shots tasted like Gatorade rather than a stiff little pick-me-up shot.