Very pleasant restaurant. Small, intimate dining room. Very solicitous owner. Had one of the best couscous meal (fish) that I have ever had. Generous slices of fish, fresh vegetables cooked just the right amount, and a tasty broth.  It is a little gem of a place off the beaten track, just a short walk from the St. Charles streetcar line.
This is a great alternative to standard New Orleans fare. Worth the trip.Hidden gem!! A must go to in New Orleans for a non-touristy experience. Jamila is the chef and the wife of the host, who is absolutely charming... His laugh is contagious and he is so genuine, he wants you to have a great experience. The food was fantastic! Jamila's bisque was very good.. Not too heavy or creamy, packed with flavor. The escargot was also amazing. Bread is served with a generous portion of delicious compound butter. We happened upon this place after we'd already had a small meal and wish we had come upon it sooner to try more of the entrees. They make their own sausage there as well... She also makes baklava (made with almonds) which was also very good. We will definitely be back the next time we are in New Orleans.This gem of a restaurant is definitely off the beaten path if you are a visitor to NO, but well worth the trip.  The food was delicious blending flavors from the meditaranean and middle east, or as the owner explained it "Tunisian"  We enjoyed a cozy meal that felt as if we were in the owners' home.   A fantastic experience that we are sure to repeat next time we are in NO.A great experience, wonderful friendly service and amazing food. Huge portions and the sides are fantastic too. You should eat here.Loved this place!
The atmosphere is so cute and comfortable. Would be great for a date or a casual night with friends.
Great wine list (red is all I really looked at).
We had the lentil soup-really good, and the crawfish/zucchini bisque which was amazing. The carrot salad was delicious and unique-was told it was the owner's grandmother's recipe. Also the amberjack entree exceeded most fish dishes in New Orleans, with delicious steamed veggies that were full of flavor and not drowned in oil or butter.
Got the baklava to go and it was delicious the next day.
The owners were very welcoming and obviously enjoy their restaurant and pleasing their guests- felt like you were in their home. 
Will definitely be regulars!My nail tech Emily sent me here and WOW am I impressed!!! Moncef was very kind and very animated. He definitely made us feel like family. The food, cooked by Jamila herself, was phenomenal. Bold exotic flavors with a home-cooked style. Our waiter was Karim. He was very attentive and helped us with the menu. Definitely going to be our new spot for date night!Unbelievably good food and wonderfully hospitable service. I would recommend this restaurant. Have a cup of the crawfish zucchini spinach bisque, your taste buds will thank you for your decision.Always an amazing experience! Delicious, soulful food, served by caring & sweet staff! A true family experience. The mint tea is a must. Such a magical little spot on Maple St.This is one of the best places in the city.  Almost no one knows about it.  The owner looks like Mario from the video games and I've heard him speak three languages in the span of one meal.  He ALWAYS takes care of you and will come and talk with you and is really the epitome of hospitable.  The food is very good and the restaurant itself is freaking great in its tiny location.  I've never been disappointed.
I consider this to be on par with Jaqu-imo's, except without the crowd.  This place rules.Monsieur Moncef gives this place such soul. From reading the other reviews, I gather that he is always as pleasant and charming as he was the other night, and that his wife is the mastermind in the kitchen. What a heartwarming team. As another reviewer said, this restaurant's food and ambiance is absolutely on par with other top restaurants in New Orleans, but the service is what pushes it over the top. Moncef is amazing - never too in your face, but always there when you need him. He's chatty and funny, and we spent about five minutes shouting French phrases to each other in silly voices (I was sitting outside, and he even began to go inside, then would pop his head out the door again for another "BON APPETIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTTTT"). 
I haven't been here since 2008, but the other night I came here with a friend for a light and late dinner. I will definitely try to bring my parents here when they visit, or have a future date here, because I know that Moncef will take the fantastic care of us.
For bread, you get pita bread and a small baguette with scallion butter. I had the Salade Mechouie, which comes with lettuce, couscous, and tuna. It was very fresh and amazing. I also had lentil soup, which was great, but it's difficult to write home about lentil soup. My friend had the corn and crawfish bisque, which she raved about, and the eggplant tomato balsamic salade, whose tomatoes she claimed were the freshest she'd ever had. She didn't speak any French but Moncef realized she spoke Spanish and exchanged a few nuances with her. 
It's easy to forget about this place because it's not one of the "heavy hitter" New Orleans restaurant names, but that's what gives it it's charm. They don't advertise much, but they don't need to, because a truly stellar place only needs word of mouth, and it's worked for them thus far :) 
Thank you Moncef!We found this place a bit by accident as we were spending the night before a cruise. You know the place is going to be good when the owner greets you at the door with a big smile and says ,"You have reservation!?! No? No problem!" and then seats you immediately. The decor and staff were wonderful and the food (especially the pork chops, Turkish coffee and garlic butter pitas and bread) was exquisite. They even had a belly dancer perform which was a nice NOLA touch. Throughout the owner and wife were in constant motion - joking with the customers and asking if we needed anything. Felt like eating with family (in a good way!)Best Lamb in town!!
Cozy, and great .
come once and you will know.Moncef and Jamila are the very visible husband and wife team behind Jamila's, and their hospitality and warmth is the main attraction behind their popular little restaurant in the Uptown/Black Pearl neighborhood. But there is more to Jamila's than Moncef's familiar, charming front-of-house demeanor. And that "more" is the food, which is dynamite.
While you're making up your mind, Moncef brings you a basket of warm pita triangles and French bread (a neat little symbol for the restaurant's blend of North African and French influences) with a delicious garlic-herb butter. For your appetizer, I highly recommend the brik au thon (~$6), a delicate filo pastry containing chunks of albacore tuna, olives, capers, mashed potatoes, and herbs, served with a tomato-basil chutney.
If you want a very light dinner, why not go with soup and salad? Jamila's is the home of the absolutely stunning crawfish, zucchini, and spinach bisque (~$6.50), a creamy and delightful marriage of New Orleans and Mediterranean ingredients joined together with fine French culinary technique. I can also highly recommend the salads, which are refreshing blends of traditional Mediterranean staples. On one visit, I had a special of grilled eggplant salad with feta cheese and a balsamic dressing. On another, I had the Salade Tunisienne, a chopped salad containing cucumbers, apples, bell peppers, olives, capers, tuna, and a lemony dressing.
For an entree, definitely stick to the fish of the day, the tagines, and the couscous dishes. The Couscous Au Poisson (~$20) features a generous portion of firm white fish (maybe swordfish? amberjack?) stewed in a richly seasoned, tomoatoey broth containing chunks of zucchini, chickpeas, carrots, and other delectable savories. It was served a generous bowl the warm grain, and a little ramekin of spicy harissa so that you can bring the stew to your desired level of spiciness. A few glasses of wine, a piece of baklava for dessert, and you've got a perfect meal.
The decor is nothing to write home about: small, pleasant, unadorned. When the restaurant is busy, the two small dining rooms can get a bit loud, and service begins to slow down, but Moncef is never anything less than friendly and attentive to his tables. There's a reason this place has so many regular customers: It's a real neighborhood spot that even tourists can feel welcome in. The prices are reasonable, and the food is always delicious. Highest possible recommendation.Service is Amazing! The owner waits on every table as if we were visiting his own home. The food is delicious! Belly dancer was spectacular. I will recommend this place to Everyone! Lamb is very tender and even my friends that typically do not like lamb, loved the lamb here.It is a place that makes me feel like home!  We had Lamb Skewer & Bisque, which amazed us! The bread with garlic butter is also perfect! I can't find another restaurant that I can sit and enjoy for 3 hours! I really hope where I live in Houston can also have such a home/restaurant!This lovely little restaurant hits on all cylinders.  Moncef Sbaa, the owner, will greet you as if he has known you forever.  His staff is wonderfully polite and helpful.  His wife Jamila is the brains in the kitchen. Their only goal?  To make you happy. And, they do!  The Tunisian/Morroccan entrees are exquisite (lamb tagine - spectacular!).  They also offer a crawfish, spinach and zucchini bisque which upon my return, I'll try.  I'd give this place a try!  Scrumptious - just scrumptious.  You may see me there.  Yes, it was THAT GOOD!This is a one of a kind special restaurant !!
Can not say enough about it. The crawfish  soup was amazing, lamb chops, lamb sausage & every thing lamb is the very best. Very personal service even though it was crowded at the time. The smells are great from the time you enter the place. Lively & great fun. Can not wait to go again.jamila's has a warmth and cozy atmosphere coupled with cuisine not found often in Nola as well as traditional French dishes. We enjoyed the mussels, escargot and couscous Royal. While nothing stood out as inspiring the dishes were done well and fit the obtain feel of the place. Good spot for a night you wish to escape and enjoy a solid cozy restaurant on the university areaLovely place with great service from a family operation. Moncef acts as maitre d' and Jamlila cooks lovely dishes. Good on street parking with seating inside and out. Would go back in a heartbeat.What a sweet find!  We loved the quiet, cozy atmosphere, delicious food, and attention from the proprietor. We had the special amber jack (yummy, perfectly cooked, with simple, delicious veggies) and the chocolate mousse for dessert.  Recommended!Love this place . Food and hospitality are excellent. a must if you are in Town.
Great atmosphere, great people and great food . Whats not to like.Ehhh....food is okay. not great. But the owner has a great personality and made my visit bearable.Best bisque in New Orleans! Love this neighborhood spot and suggest that everyone try it. Always happy with service and food is excellent. Definitely a hidden gem in the big easy!My husband, daughter and my parents had dinner here this evening. It was our first visit and it was absolutely fantastic! Among the five of us we tried the crawfish zucchini spinach bisque, the mussels, salmon, amberjack, chicken tagine, chocolate mousse, and creme brûlée. There are many places in New Orleans to get delicious food and this restaurant absolutely delivers! But what really sets it apart is the couple who own it. The wife cooks the amazing food and the husband is the most personable and delightful waiter you can imagine. Their passion for their business really shows and we will be back!!What a wonderful find.  Our friends in CA who own a home here and live nearby count this as one of their key local favorites.
We now know why.
The other guests were helpful and friendly.
The owner - like those from the Mediterranean, friendly and hospitable.  Take his advice as to what to eat.  The soup - unique, tasty, a zest of sensations on one's palate.  The fish, fresh local, and tasty.  Dessert, sweet and wonderful without a lot of sugar.
The belly dancer is a bonus.  As an artist, she appreciates the attention.
For a local place, great food, high value for the meal, hospitality - this could be one of your 3 favorite restaurants on your short list.What a welcoming family owned restaurant! Moncef was such a wonderful host and made us feel right at home from the second we walked through the door. The food -- fantastic! The bisque is a must try as well as the lamb, if that's you're jam. We had the lamb tajine and the couscous royal, which had the DELICIOUS housemade merguez (lamb sausage). A hidden gem, away from the crazy tourists... a MUST TRY. Thank you thank you thank you for your beautiful hospitality and meal.I always have such a pleasant experience at Jamila's. Moncef welcomes you into the restaurant like an old friend, excited to share his wife's delicious cooking with you. He's funny, friendly and accommodating. The crawfish, zucchini and spinach bisque is so comforting, like a dish you grew up with. I keep coming back for their escargot, one of my favorite renditions of this dish in the city. I first came here in 2007, and have continued to have a wonderful time every time I go.The people here are lovely. They make you feel at home. And the atmosphere is very cozy. But honestly, I was not a big fan of the food. I think it was just ok. And very over priced. My fav part of the meal were those breads with Mediterranean butter that they served in the beginning. Everything else did not impress me. And we specially went coz we heard they had belly dance over weekends. I and my husband had been to an amazing belly dance restaurant in Chicago, and this was nothing compared to it. The belly dancer looked like she was not trained and was just dancing for the heck of it. Not impressed!Monsef and his lovely wife have a wonderful restaurant. He provided us with stories of his life throughout the night and was extremely entertaining. On top of that, the food was amazing! After we settled the bill, Monsef walked us outside, and welcomed us to come back any time. Will definitely be returning!I'm not sure what I can add that would be different from the other reviews, We had a great time the food is amazing the flavors were just fantastic!  The service by far has got to be on my  top 10 list! Very attentive and friendly, after dinner we all moved out to the patio for coffee and desert and they just went out of their was to accommodate our every need and  we didn't ask for anything, they turned a random night out for dinner with friends to a special event! I highly recommend dinner at Jamila'sI loved this place. Went on a Wednesday night and it was quiet. We were greeted by co-owner Moncef. He is very friendly and a pleasure to talk to.
The bread and garlic butter is divine. Try the pita even if you think you'd rather have the bread. They are both fab.
The food was very simple and good. Butter and parsley sauces. Fresh seafood. Pleasant atmosphere. I would definitely return.We chose this restaurant based on reviews as we were passing through NOLA for the night and so glad we did. This family owned restaurant was amazing! Excellent food for any food enthusiasts and the most humble sweet owners I have ever met. The amberjack special was delicious and glad I have now been introduced to a new fish! Our kids loved their salmon and butter linguine they made special for them! The salads were outstanding and great recommendation to get half and half!What a lovely, homey restaurant.  I'm a lucky gal to have local friends who will share places like this with me -- if I were them, I'd want to keep this restaurant to myself.  Where to start?  Jamila's is owned by Jamila and Moncef Sbaa, and they do it all themselves -- they are the cook(s), dishwasher(s), busboy(s), waiter(s), greeter(s) and everything else, too. It was a pleasure to meet them; like being welcomed into someone's home to have dinner.  Everything I had there was delicious, starting with two types of bread with garlic and chive butter, a delicious shrimp-and-potatoes-in-phyllo-pastry appetizer (called brik aux crevettes,) an excellent and fresh salad, and  a nicely spicy main dish of pasta with lots of fresh veggies.  My companions both had different forms of lamb with couscous and said both dishes were exceptional. We each tried a different dessert, (the tiramisu, chocolate mousse, and creme brulee), all of which were fabulous, and had sweet mint tea to finish it off. An incredibly pleasant, personal place to dine.  I'd be there every week if I lived in New Orleans -- as it is I'll be back ASAP.Jamila's is a magical experience that I will be bringing every out of towner that comes through my door to, regardless of their personalities (I often tailor my suggestions to the people I have with me).
The owners are a husband and wife duo who fell in love via being penpals (precious I know) and they are some of the most genuinely kind and nice people I know. In a southern city known for hospitality, and this is written by a southern woman, this should stand out.
The food is nothing short of phenomenal, but you cannot go in expecting a New Orleans culinary experience; rather, a Tunisian one. By this I mean, don't expect for the chef to have taken a basic dish and interpreted it in some weird crazy exciting way and then added the latest fad in gourmet to it (e.g. seafood dish plus new orleans spices plus truffle oil, almond butter, and salt from himalayan mountains mined by local goats). Instead, you get a traditional culinary meal that like Julia Child would swoon over.
My boyfriend had the lamb which was great. Excellent rice. Best rice ever actually.
I had pasta. Not just any pasta. Pasta that still makes my mouth water to this day. (Now, that's particularly hard to do because I grew up having my Sicilian Uncle cook me pasta with homemade red sauce on a whim. So I know what I am talkin about.)  No, my pasta was a daily special. It had mussels and shrimp in it with fresh tomatoes and herbs that were probably grown on site they were so fresh. This could've been my last meal and I would've been thrilled. 
   Jamila's has an extensive wine list. Our waiter and I spoke a smattering of french and arabic and english together; he inquired about my life, and my friends' lives. Furthermore, he froze my friend's favorite meal because he recently has moved to Nashville and obviously cannot get Jamila's cooking in Nashville, but of course Jamila and her husband wanted my friend to be able to enjoy their food in Nashville. How awesome is that!?!?! Other happy notes: delicious turkish coffee, to die for mousses, amazing Brik au Crevettes (homemade baklava with shrimp in it), amazing mint tea. Our tab was around 66 dollars for lamb, my aforementioned pasta, brik au crevettes, colombian coffee times 2, 2 mousse dishes, and mint tea. Very inexpensive for the quality. Oh and the owner brings around rose-water which he puts on your hands after your meal. Pretty much the culmination of a PERFECT experience.
notes: Jamila's is not pronounced juh-meal-a. It is jah-MEE-laa. Also, in case you couldn't tell, I cannot be emphatic enough when I say that it is incredible.This is one of my favorite places, so much so that I almost don't want to share it! It's a homey little place, and the owners are adorable and friendly to everyone, insisting that you have a wonderful meal and experience while you are there. The tuna salad is... well, perfect, and I still dream about the tagine. This is a place that makes me happy to spend my money. :)Had the chicken basil lunch special. Service was prompt and the dish was solidly good. Medium spicy. It didn't blow my mind or anything but it was a good, reasonably priced lunch.As a Tunisian,  I can guarantee that you will have 100% authentic,  healthy,  homemade style with a chef's touch Tunisian food.  It is one of those dining out experiences where everything goes perfect from the moment you step in till you leave.  The attention to details is amazing.  The service is outstanding.  Just amazing!Loved the food, loved the owner, loved the experience. Must try! This is the kind of place where you can go and just tell the owner to order for you and you won't be disappointed. We did this for food and wine and left so happy. My whole family is full of foodies and everyone left happy.Delicious! Everything we ate at the restaurant was amazing. We first got warm bread and pita with a heavenly herb butter. Our lamb and couscous was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Very pleased with the restaurant! 
Moncef gave us very good recommendations as what to eat since none of my party had Tunisian food before. He even wrote a list for us for New Orleans tourist attractions. 
Moncef and Jamila were really nice and they even let me into the kitchen! It was so clean and organized. I was amazed by their kindness and excellent service!
Highly recommended.This place is fantastic. Went with a group of six on a Saturday night and enjoyed great service, food, and belly dancing. 
The host is wonderful and so hospitable - gives recommendations on the menu, provides orange water at the end of the meal for your hands, brings out the chef (his wife) to meet the crowd. 
The belly snack was fun and not overwhelming and the dancer was enthusiastic without being overbearing or interrupting our meal. 
The merguez homemade sausage was my favorite, both as an appetizer and as main dish.  The tiramisu was delicious for dessert.  This is a great place for groups or for date night.The food is amazing, I had the lamb skewers  and the crayfish soup, the atmosphere is great,  and the owners are some of the nicest people I've ever met.Don't let the homey decor fool you: this is a fine dining establishment. EVERYTHING on the menu was tasteful, creative and tickled the tastebuds just right. I had the crawfish and spinach bisque (9/10), the lamb sausage with lentils (made in house, 10/10) and the phyllo wrapped shrimp. I would have kept going through their menu if I had infinite stomach space. Baklava for dessert was perfect with mint tea. The owner was super hospitable and friendly. He knew all other patrons that night by name and sent regards to the rest of the family- a great sign of consistent quality. I would come back in a heart beat!Moncef's excellent service and Jamila's delicious food could warrant five stars alone, but the story behind their founding the restaurant is truly out of a film. The mint tea, salmon entree, Mediterranean shrimp, tuna appetizer, and baklava were all amazing! Jamila's Cafe has absolutely replaced my favorite dinner restaurant.This place has solid, high quality food and elegant presentation in a great location.  The owner and his family are super friendly.  I ordered the fresh catch couscous and lentil soup, and it came with some great homemade harissa.  I would say as the one thing that could be improved was there were very few vegetables with the couscous - just a few carrot strips and zucchini pieces.  Those which were there was really good, and I was left wanting more!  I would definitely go back next time in N.O.Best place in NOLA for Escargot. Lamb is also good. Great service.
Will visit next time in NOLA.WOW! yes that simple. Been here 6 times and truly truly loved the food. Very tasty, very satisfying and I like the atmosphere in there. Owner was VERY friendly, welcoming and cared about how we enjoyed the meal.
Other than the traditional Tunisian offerings, the shrimp and the mussel linguine was honestly better than ANY ANY of the local Italian eateries, I really men this. Flavor was even in every mouthful and that every meal was hand prepped by Jamila her self. 
I heart this place !I found out about this place from their vending booth at Jazz Fest- best bisque ever, be sure to check it out!  I knew the place was going to be good, I didn't know it was going to be amazing!! 
To celebrate my friend and i's birthday we decided to go there on a Saturday to eat good foods and enjoy the belly dancer for a festive birthday environment. I read review saying that the service was amazing. We made a reservation a week out, but naturally always a tad worried when you're a large group. There was about 17 of us. Belly dancer- awesome, she even brought a tray of candles and played some interesting version of happy birthday, we blew out the candles and the whole restaurant loved it. Food and Service- amazing!! Monsef, the owner, was our server and was the best- with comedic commentary the whole evening which my group and I loved. We met Jamilla and the whole family operation at the end of the night and even got a special birthday song in their native tongue. It was fabulous and We did not want to leave. They took great care of all of us.
To top it off, at the end walking out, the owner gifted us a bottle of champagne for our birthdays. Amazing place!!Never had Tunisian food before, but this place is amazing! The lamb is perfectly cooked and the staff was so attentive. Recommend to everyone. This is a family owned business and they certainly care about making you feel welcome.A hidden gem that was recommended by a friend of a friend.   Food, decor and service was outstanding.  Like having dinner with Family but you don't want to leave.  Rivals that of better known places Uptown.   One should try it.I always loved getting the crawfish bisque and merguez at Jazzfest, but going to Jamillas was a whole different ball game. Monsef is such a great host, he really makes you feel welcome and is a joy to chat with. The food was all excellent, the escargot were terrific and the bisque is always good. Be prepared to spend a couple hours for dinner, the pace is slow but it's nice way to enjoy good company. The lamb tagine was good too, make sure to ask for some Harissa, a special hot sauce, to go along with it.Two of the kindest restaurant owners in the city. I mean you can have a conversation with Monsef and then not see him for 6 months and he will remember everything you talked about 6 months ago. It's really a home like experience. Great home cooked Mederteranean dishes. The mussels are the best, be sure to dip your bread in the sauce. The lamb and salmon are our favorites.  It's an experience you have to have.The only reason I would go back to this place is the most hospitable owner I ve seen. Food was reasonable .. Would give 3 stars but will go with a 4 star final rating given the 5 star ambience and service.This place really is a gem. Hidden in the Black Pearl neighborhood, it's been around for years but nobody has heard of it. And I realized that I had driven by it several times over the years and never noticed. It's that incognito. But once you walk in it's like you're not even in New Orleans anymore!
I came on a Saturday night. The ever present Moncef was our waiter. He is also the owner, the other half being Jamila, his wife, who cooks everything. The service is so warm and accommodating. They placed us in a table at the back and later when a table at the front opened up they moved us closer to the window, without us even asking. Very gracious. And he encouraged us to take our time and dine slowly, which I love! Too many places these days just want to turn the tables. We stayed for over 3 hours. 
Ok the food! They brought us warm bread and pita with a house made butter of chives, garlic, parsley, and other delicious things. I think I ate my weight in butter (Pro? Con? There's endless bread and butter). They had an number of delicious looking specials, but I ordered the lamb chops with potatoes and asparagus. My friends got the couscous with lamb and a lamb tagine dish. Both were stewy and delicious. And they always put Harissa hot sauce on the table! Yum. 
Dessert was house made baklava and tiramisu. I've had better of both but then they served this lovely mint tea and, post-dinner Moncef came and sprinkled our hands with this orange blossom water. It smelled so good and we all swore our hands felt softer! 
Bellydancing starts at 8:00 on Saturday! She even gave us a lesson in the middle of dinner. By the next hour everyone was on the floor dancing, working off that lamb and baklava. This place would be great on a date or with a big group. Definitely coming back!A little pricey for what you get but there's a great experience along with it.  The owner will sit and talk and tell you all about the Mediterranean and Tunisia.  The food is delicious.What a wonderful experience! 
This is a small restaurant, and we were treated to a private room for our party of 15. Jamila's husband waited on us and made us feel like we were in his home. He made suggestions from the menu and chatted with us while he demonstrated his worldliness and humility.
The food was terrific... A little salty for me, but food usually is in restaurants.The ambiance and service (including the jovial owner and his son) provided the perfect date night environment! Delicious food too! Definitely going back soon!The reviews below are accurate.  This is a special place - small, intimate and romantic, but what makes it most special is the family that runs the place.  This is real food, by real people - you will meet the owner, the chef, probably one of their children, and you will be able to taste the love in their food.The best food I tried in NOLA, the entries were awesome, the desert was so good and so did the white wine! I'll never forgot the mine tea!LOVED this place! The owner was warm and welcoming and also gave great advice about ordering. His wife is the chef, but she also came out to greet us. We had a fantastic meal. Can't rave too much about the mussels, the lamb tagine, hose-made merguez sausage and the crawfish/spinach bisque. 
I have made a (self-imposed) goal of eating at all the top places in New Orleans, and food-wise, this compares to the best. While the surroundings are casual and the prices are reasonable, this really place earns a spot near the top of the Nola food pyramid. You HAVE to try it!  I also learned that they will be serving at Jazz Fest in a couple months, so I will have to find them there too. Yum!!Randomly dropped in one Saturday night with my fiancé and friends to try out Jamila's. The service is top notch and the food is excellent. Best crawfish bisque in the city! We were even treated to live belly dancing which was definitely different but certainly enjoyable. It almost felt like a tiny escape from New Orleans. Definitely try them out!Spectacular service, great food, and an intimate setting make Jamila's one of my favorite restaurants. The owner and his family make you feel so at home and taken care of.Good food, EXCELLENT customer service. The owner was just awesome recommended great food and wine.
The menu was a little intimidating to read and order but he really helped out. The food turned out delicious. Had the lamb and it was pretty juicy and delicious. Definitely something new
Baklava was off the charts. 
I didn't go on the night of the belly dancer however ill definitely be going back!Been there again.   Found it this time by accident.  Glad we did.  Again Moncef was hospitable and welcoming.  We found out his wife is the chef, hence the down-home, local flair and taste of the wonderful tasty and savory meal. The mussels were great, better than in SF where we live.  The lamb was really good.  The stew styled meal reminded me of better to great rural Mediterranean cooking.  This will be a do again next time we are in New Orleans.   (Btw - my ratings are 75% weighted to the food.  Service is less important to me....it all about the food, spices, tastes, complexity and how the prep compares to like dishes.).I had never heard of this place, and I'm not sure why, it was fabulous. The bread, pita, and whipped garlic butter were fantastic. I can say that the crawfish, zuchini, and spinach bisque is the best bisque I have ever had. I will be going back for to-go orders for this soup. Maybe I can convince them to sell me a gallon, it's that good. I got the veggie couscous for dinner. The couscous was fluffy and the veggies were flavorful and well cooked. For dessert I was going to split the date-stuffed cake and the tiramisu with my dinner partner, but the owner heard us considering the tiramisu so he brought us all 3 without charging for the tiramisu! The star was the baklava, which is made with almonds. It was exceptional. They then brought us mint tea, a cute after-dinner addition. As we left we were sprinkled with orange blossom water on our hands, which smelled wonderful. 
This place was super cozy, I would bring a date here. The food was great, the service was exceptional, and I'll be going back.My friend Emily brought me to this place not knowing what to expect. Upon looking at the menu it was intimidating at first but the server was very helpful and friendly. The staff really makes you feel welcome. I ended up getting the couscous poulette which was very delicious. The sauce was very flavorful accompanied by vegetables and tended chicken breast. I will definitely be back to try something new.Jamilas ended up being such a pleasant surprise. As a Tulane student, I've walked passed Jamila's countless times. Upon entering, we were greeted by Jamila's husband who seated us promptly. The food quickly proved to be better than previously thought. The mussels were fresh and the sauce was an excellent accompaniment. Both of the entrees we ordered, the lamb couscous and Mediterranean shrimp, were seasoned very well and provided us with a great first experience of Tunisian cuisine. This is a five star dining experience, but a bit pricey, which could explain the lack of student patrons. Other than that, we will definitely be back!It's cozy. It's clean. It's a neighborhood gem. You don't often find this, but the service by the owner is overly-attentive. We could barely complete a sentence before he was back with more bread ( we had three baskets by the time we left) and more water, more silverware, more napkins. 
The escargot were bland ( unusual for New Orleans ), the amberjack was strong, and the couscous with vegetables were totally lacking flavor. 
I would advise onions, garlic, a spice rack, and various hot sauces in the kitchen. 
Don't order the French Pinot noirGreat food, wine, and amazing owner.
Intimate atmosphere that is good for a date, but you could also come with a large party. Huge fan of the mussels and  these filo dough shrimp rolls (kinda like egg-rolls in shape and size) that I can't remember the name of for the life of me. 
In my opinion the best Mediterranean food in New Orleans, let alone French-Mediterranean.We made reservations for Jamila's Cafe on the Sunday before Mardi Gras. Moncef called us right away and explained that he might not keep the restaurant open that close to Mardi Gras. When he decided to close, he called us and offered to seat us the night before and wow are we ever glad we took him up on his offer. 
First of all, the restaurant is delightfully decorated. Wooden planked walls and a cloud mural on the ceiling add to the air of coziness in the place. When we arrived, we realized that Moncef knew the names of literally every other patron in the place except us. He never treated us like strangers, though! He greeted us warmly, recommended his favorite dishes (heads up- they're all delicious), and brought out extra wine, mint tea, and orange blossom water to thank us for our flexibility. A big group was seated in the center of the restaurant. We learned later that they used to frequent the place before moving to Minnesota. They were back in town for Mardi Gras and made a special trip to Jamila's to visit with Moncef and Jamila herself. Moncef made a big announcement welcoming them back to the area, and it was the sweetest thing when the little girl there told him to bring his coat to Minnesota when he came to visit! I hope that communicates just how sweet and kind and gracious Moncef is as a host.
We highly recommend the lamb tajine, mussels, crawfish-spinach-zucchini bisque, and the chocolate mousse. It was a wonderful escape from the madness of Mardi Gras. We highly, highly recommend it!!One of the warmest restaurants I've ever visited. The food was on point and you couldn't ask for better service. You felt very welcome. I really appreciated their heart for kids as they made something off menu for my daughter who's a picky eater. Thank you for a great dining experience.Jamila and her husband are great hosts.  They make you feel like they are inviting you into their home.  Food was phenomenal, Jamila is a great chef!Went to Jamila's for a mid-eastern food not knowing anything about it and hit the jackpot.  The meal was superior with good service and a friendly, welcoming ambience.  The owner/host seemed genuinely friendly and warm. 
I ordered from the nightly specials - Eggplant Salad and Mussels and Shrimp in a seafood reduction over linguine.  The salad had nicely blended flavors and was very fresh.  I love salads and was not disappointed. The entree was really special. The flavor blend was exceptional.  There were lovely tones of several seasonings while none were overbearing.  This was the perfect sized portion of a melt-in-your-mouth dish.  My dinner companion had the Ojja Marquez and the Tajine of Lamb.  I don't eat lamb but he reported the Marquez to be superior, edging out a very satisfactory Tajine of Lamb.  We followed the meal with a heavenly Dark Chocolate Mousse with Strawberries.  The meal was reasonably priced especially for the quality.  
The meal was accompanied by belly dancing.  Despite the charming dancer I found the space a little too intimate for this type of entertainment.  I may be the exception in this view, however.
Jamila's is definetly on my "go again and take friends " list.  There were a number of other items on the menu I look forward to trying.  
Great find!Jamila and her family have been serving unbelievable Tunisian food in new orleans for 25 years!! She is the master chef in the kitchen and her husband and son work the FoH in a beautiful dance to create a magical experience to remember. 
The bisque is fantastic! Highly recommend. I always see their sign at jazz fest but Im usually dripping in my own sweat and crawfish and zucchini bisque is the furthest thing from my mind. So i am so glad i was able to enjoy it at dinner. 
The special pasta of shrimp and mussels with tarragon- unbelievable. Its so light in the stomach but powerful in the mouth. So flavorful. 
The dark chocolate mousse and tiramisu. You need to get both.The lamb is like heaven. The owener is such a sweet person. We drive for three hours for this place. Totally worth it!Can't get enough of the homemade butter that comes with the bread.
For starters: lentil soup and crawfish bisque--the lentil soup was good and the bisque was great.
Entrees: Shrimp and mussels pasta and the couscous au poulet. Both very tasty!
Moncef--the co-owner and host--is a pleasure to talk with.Everything about this place is great, A+, stellar. Lamb everything is exceptional. Moncef is wonderful. The decor makes feels very low-key romantic. Nice. Just a really nice place. And that tanjine of lamb....!The food is excellent and the service is as good as it can get.  I recently ate at Jamila's with a party of 6 and everyone LOVED their dish.   We were impressed with the large selection of dishes available as well as how fresh everything tasted.   Even the picky eater of the group who does not eat international cuisine was happy and the staff was very accomodating of her request to substitute this for that.  The owner is so warm, welcoming and extremely appreciative of your business.  This restaurant without a doubt deserves 5 stars.    There is a belly dancer on Sat. nights so if you are looking for a more quiet, intimate dinner, you should select a different night of the week; however if you are interested in a fun, festive dinner, the belly dancer is great.Excellent experience. We walked in on a Saturday night and were warmly greated and served. Since this was a first time we asked Moncref for suggestions and all were very tasty. The bisque was outstanding and the eggplant salad was fresh and deliciously seasoned. Only complaint was the creme brûlée crust was slightly overdone. Highly recommended.So delicious! A coworker of mine suggested we go to this restaurant while we were in New Orleans for work. We were staying by the French Quarter and Jamila's is just a short cab ride away. Completely worth the trip over. The food is delicious and personalized service is great. Moncief, the owner, is a gem! I highly recommend their crawfish bisque. I could eat it every day.I knew this was a special place when I called to make a reservation and asked what time they closed. The voice on the other end of the line said: Don't worry about that, what time do you want to come? ........ My name is Moncef, I will take care of you and your friends. 
Words cannot explain my love for this place. Moncef and Jamila treated my friends and I like family on our first visit here. It was my birthday and he reserved a room for our group, personally escorted and introduced all of my friends, joked around with us, and even brought me a beautiful dessert tray on the house. The food is great, the wine is great, and the company is amazing. PLEASE do not hesitate to come here. This is truly a special place. I will be back in a couple of weeks with my family from out of town, Moncef! Looking forward to seeing you soon.