I think one of the best poke bowls I ever had.
So many different ingredients and flavors. Just wonderful!Best sushi in Nola!!   Chirashi lunch special is my favorite.  The way they flavor their rice is delicious.We ordered delivery from here while we were working.  It was delivered at the time we expected.  The crab salad was fresh and actually went well with just a little bit of wasabi that we took from the sushi that we ordered.  The tuna salad was good but the tuna was cooked more then I expected. It wasn't bad but I was expecting a light sear around the edges with most of the tuna still raw and some of the pieces were cooked almost all the way through.  The rainbow roll was good as well.  As far as sushi prices it is about what you would expect from a sushi restaurant and I would say worth the price.Very small hidden gem on second floor. The space is a little cluttered but the service is fast and food is made right in front of you so you know its fresh. All the workers used gloves when preparing the food. I ordered the sashimi lunch special and it came with a small noodle appetizer plus miso soup. Great lunch deal for $11 only!5 stars for a sushi restaurant in a shopping center.... weird right?  we were soooo happy with all the rolls we ordered and the price is rightOrdered delivery through Eat 24. Got sent seaweed salad when I ordered seafood salad. Masago Nigiri looked like it had been dropped.Tried for first time through Uber Eats. Got the Garden District roll with no rice, in rice paper. It was amazing! Had a little spicy kick to it. I also got the Mardi Gras roll, which was also good. It had a really tasty white sauce on it. Ordered "Tuna Tataki" as appetizer so I thought, but received it as a roll instead which I didn't care for.. Never been in the restaurant but overall the sushi was good, just wish the Uber Eats app or Yelp had the sushi roll descriptions listed somewhere. Also, I saw some Poke Bowls on Yelp that were not available on Uber Eats for some reason, they look delicious.We order from this food counter in the Jax building a lot if it's after 2pm and Wasabi stops delivering.  The prices are great and the quality is mid-high.  I do like Wasabi better, but I've eaten here a dozen times and always been satisfied. I wish they delivered. I highly recommend the snow crab salad.I love the decatur rolls i add cream cheese and brown rice instead of white and omg the fried ice cream is to die for very tasty. I just wish they would update the restaurant a little better.   One of the guys is a sweetheart as well I forgot his name but he make sure I'm taken care of to the max. Overall the service has always been superior and sushi is better than most restaurants I've eaten at. Don't sleep on jazz sushi.This place serves excellent sushi.  Probably the best shrimp tempura my wife and I have ever had.  The rating for food is 5, but we rated a 4 overall because the place is not very clean, and, as noted by another reviewer, the ambiance of the food court is not that appealing.  Nonetheless, if you're looking for good sushi at a reasonable price, stop by this place.Great sushi at reasonable prices in the Quarter and the free delivery was awesome!  The only improvement I would make would be to add descriptions of the rolls on the menus.  I ordered 2 kinds that I didn't know what they were and took my chances. lol.  Will order again!Woah! Delicious! 
Let me just say, that for a food court sushi bar, I didn't have high expectations, but after ordering three rolls, I fell in love! The sushi was fresh and made right in front of us by the kindest man. I ordered the Mardi Gras roll, the garden district and a tuna roll. 
The rolls were so large and the prices were cheap! Definitely would go backFantastic food at great prices! Really nice service, they know how to treat their patrons right.Pretty good place for a quick bite. The noodle salad was awesome and the spicy tuna roll I had was pretty good too. Would come back again!Great sushi! Everything tastes very fresh. Our meal started with a noodle salad which was very delicious. We had three rolls: the Nola, the Sunday Morning and the Garden District. All three were very good. The sushi chef was very nice.If you love sushi, you will love this place. Staff really friendly and although it has a fast food feel, it's really clean, and delicious!!!Great sushi find in New Orleans. Fresh, tasty dishes and super friendly owners. Rainbow roll and cucumber salad delicious!  Don't be fooled by the food court location, very good quality fish. Highly recommend.Great service and surprisingly good food. For a sushi spot in a food court it's well worth itDefinitely in a strange location. We were visiting NOLA and just came off a tour. Had the miso, a couple CA rolls and shrimp roll. Great service and good food. We did learn that CA Rolls in NOLA are made with a single piece of crab, not mixed with mayo. Overall would recommend the place, don't be deterred by the location.This place is the paradigm of "diamond in the rough". Not only does Jazz does it boast some of the best sushi in the quarter, they know how to treat their customers. Give it a shot if you're looking for a few deliciously quick bites.Maybe I'm picky with my sushi because I'm from California but the fish does not taste fresh. Tiny not super clean spot. Sushi didn't taste so good eitherI love the Decatur rolls. I usually add cream cheese and brown rice instead of white rice but good either way. Fried ice cream was amazing. I truly believe it can be a little more updated on the seating area. Overall it's great sushi and reasonable prices.Self proclaimed Manhattanite sushi snob here. Never thought I could stomach food court sushi until I found Jazz. Consistently fresh, tasty, and customizable rolls. Excellent place to go if you are just passing through or work in the area. Very reasonable prices for the quality of food that you get.The only reason for the missing star is the lack of ambiance in the food court and during busy hours counter service can be quite slow. Highly recommend. Give it a chance.The sushi was good . I ordered delivery so I can not speak on the location, interior, or the "ambiance" of the restaurant . . . But my food was good . I ordered the crunchy roll and the crawfish roll.I LOVE JAZZ SUSHI! Great food and amazing service. If you ever find yourself in the quarter craving sushi, definitely give this place a shot.Honestly, this place is 10/10. I ate here for the first time on recommendation of a coworker and I was super skeptical (french quarter sushi sounds like a bad night). Its in the worst food court and its certainly a no frills vibe. But man oh man has this place become my favorite work-day lunch spot. Their prices are wild cheap for fresh sushi and honestly, its noticeably more delicious Sake and other more expensive local sushi spots. I order on Eat24 and pick it up fifteen minutes later and have never been let down. If you're a local stuck in the quarter, you gotta go.Not a place I'd recommend. Service is slow and food is mediocre at best.  For a city know for seafood, theirs missed the mark by a long shot.Se vc estiver passeando na rua, é difícil encontrar esse bar porque ele fica dentro de uma galería, na praça de alimentação. Não da pra esperar muito de sushi de praça de alimentação, ruim não estava, mas não é algo que eu recomendaria pra alguém que realmente goste de sushi, não tem tantas opções e quase todos têm abacate. O preço é bem acessível.The poke was great! The fish was fresh! Very tasty! My boyfriend and I enjoyed it a lot! We would defy order again!The only reason to go to the 2nd floor of Jax. The sushi is great and the people are so sweet. Pro tip: they'll give a little bowl of noodles while you wait.I'm from Vancouver, BC.... I love our sushi here. And experience Jazz sushi was like experiencing home sushi. Fresh, great portions and very reasonably priced!So this place was delicious and had a very home like feel! Willy was super nice, he made my ninja rolls with sriracha bc I wanted them a little more spicy! We made small talk while he made my rolls and was really just all around a nice guy! 
Now let's get to the food... DELICIOUS! I love sushi and when it's done right. Willy recommended the raw salmon roll and ninja rolls! Definitely great recommendations!
Glad I choose sushi and not another option located in the food court!
Check this hidden gem out you won't regret it!They aren't open at 6:15 because they close at 7 pm. All food is gone. Why is the door even open? Long conversation where lady laughed in the background while the gentleman up front said he's half owner and understood but explained they needed to leave at 7 so no food is available.I was a bit hesitant to order sushi in the Quarter, I'm a native born and raised, so I know about how sketchy the food could be here. Did not want to take a chance on fish, but boy was I wrong. I'm so happy I found this place. Jazz Sushi is amazing, and so was my sushi chef Tia! I was craving sushi horribly, and this time I got the Tempura Roll. So good!!
 I meant to post a review last time when Tia recommended the Ninja role, but I did not get her name. This time I was so excited to see her. Excellent customer service, she moves swiftly, and recommends some fantastic rolls. I can't wait to go back. 
~YUMMY!!This place was a wonderful surprise. Like many, I'm a tourist visiting New Orleans and had the craving for sushi. Upon arrival, we almost didn't eat here because it's located in a food court, but the good reviews on Yelp and Google swayed us to give it a go. Luckily for us, it lived up to the awesome standards presented in many of the reviews. The sushi was fresh and some of the best I've ever eaten. I know for many, the location will be a turn off, but you will not be disappointed. (Gave it 4 stars only because the location made us hesitant to try it in the first place. In a different location and setting, this is easily 5 star quality)Terrible customer service, the lady claimed it was my fault her machines weren't working and also claimed I never paid. Never got my order even though I paid and was charged in my account. Although the manager canceled my order and gave my money back but it was a very stressful process in just getting food. DONT USE THE MACHINE THEY HAVE TO PLACE ORDERS.I really enjoyed the sushi, poke bowl, and the complimentary noodle salad offered through the Yelp check in promo. I had one spicy salmon roll and the California poke bowl. The sushi chef was skilled and personable. The location is a bit difficult to find because it's on the second floor inside a building with a brewery and a shopping center, but there's plenty of seating in the food court and a really nice view of the river. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering that we've found almost everything in New Orleans to be overpriced and underwhelming.Best sushi close to the quarter! I usually order grub hub from Sushi Brothers on magazine until they were closed one day to my surprise and I found this restaurant. Since it's close to the house, I didn't mind making the three block wall to check it out
The chef was entertaining and sweet. She talked to us as she made the rolls and made us feel welcome. 10/10 recommendFood was really good! Very strange environment, being in the mall. Only one girl was working, she was very nice and helpful. The restaurant was a little dirty and seeing the old/kinda dirty prep space was off-putting, but I found this to be the case in a lot of restaurants in New Orleans. I don't think I would order raw fish from here, but the California Roll and shrimp dumplings were tasty!Sushi was decent but the service was terrible. I waited for almost an hour for my food to arrive. 
There were other customers who waited longer than I did and I received my meal before they got theirs. I don't recommend this place.I ordered on Grubhub.  1.5 hours later, no order.  I called the restaurant to find out what happened.  They informed me my food order had been completed 45 mins ago but there was no driver to deliver it.  I asked for their solution.   They told me to call grubhub to complain.  I also asked them to cancel my order and their response was to call grubhub and have grubhub cancel so that their restaurant would also get a refund.  Now, I understand they have minimal control over grubhub. However, given that I am also in the service industry, I know what good service is. A better response from the restaurant would for them to have called grubhub and followup on why no driver had shown up.  Another option would for them to cancel the order and eat the cost of their food loss instead of having the customer hang up the phone upset.  Sometimes the cost of losing one meal is better than receiving a negative review online.  Lessons to be learned.This is a small hole in a wall. The service is amazing every time I go! They are patience and each roll is made carefully. I genuinely enjoy going in, but they are also on almost all the food delivery apps. I would definitely recommend you checking them out!If you read my review before the edits, ignore it!
Awesome food, fast delivery and everything is super tasty!!UNACCEPTABLE DELIVERY STANDARDS. 
Ordered $60 worth of lunch through Eat24. There were several different sushis ordered. Please see pics. ALL SUSHI WAS PUT TOGETHER IN 2 containers. And those containers were UPSIDE DOWN IN THE BAG. Just look at the photos for yourself. 
Seaweed salad was not in leak proof containers and the juices were all in the bag, on condiments and other containers. 
Paid for eel sauce. Got none. 
Asked for no avocado. Got avocado. 
Called store. The man literally just sat there saying "oh. Oh."
I will never order from Jazz Sushi again. Not even as a walk in.Is it strange to give a solid five to a place in a mall? Perhaps, yet Jazz Sushi earns every star. There wasn't a thing to dislike, except, perhaps, for its out-of-the-way location (top of the stairs, to the right, and through the food court) which makes it rather difficult to find if you're following a GPS. 
They offer some nifty lunch combos, which are served all day apparently. I tried the roll special--choice of two full sushi rolls plus miso soup, and, with Yelp check in, a free and seriously delicious cold noodle salad with a pleasant sesame flavor. 
I asked for spicy sauce and crunch on my rolls, and was obliged at no extra charge. My meal cost only $9, and there was enough to take home.
The folks on staff were friendly and accommodating, and chatted with me while I ate at the bar. 
It seems they also deliver, which I'll be sure to take advantage of in the future.Where do I start? Before we even ate, opening the box we knew we were in for it. It was upside down in a take out tray. Everything was smushed in to a corner all in one blob. So presentation was a zero. The actual sushi it self was just as bad. The rice was soggy (idk if that even correctly describes it), the fish was discolored, and there was a lot of liquid running all over the place. My partner ordered cucumber salad which I wish I hadn't even looked at. All of these complaints are redundant though. I think we are done with this place for good. We tried them again thinking maybe they were just having an off day. Nope.I've been going here a few years now and have only had one unfavorable experience.  The food is always good and the staff is friendly.This is the true definition of don't judge the book by it's cover. Its a little place in a corner inside the mall but the sushi is amazing.Wonderful roll made right in front of you! I found that a great touch. I had the spicy crunchy roll and it was fantastic. Great flavor. Will definitely come back.You wouldn't think much of it, for being "Food Court Sushi", but I must admit, I've been here a few times. The prices are very reasonable and the people are friendly. The only drawback, is that's it's located in Jax Brewery. I'm born and raised from New Orleans, and this place isn't what it used to be. This is my only reason to come here.I haven't been here in quite some time. I'm glad I decided to come back. The sushi is delicious! You'd never think it'd come from the food court of the Jax Brewery building. This is the only reason I come here. My soul is very pleased with my decision to come back here to get sushiSushi was just ok. I was unaware they were in the Jax Brewery food court. The prices are good especially for specialty rolls. The fried shrimp dumplings were great. Just keep in mind with sushi you get what you paid for.I can't tell you how JAZZED I am to find this great little sushi bar in the food court at Jax Brewery on the second floor, only 2 blocks away from my job!!! In addition to a great lunch deal, I was happy to have some time away from work sitting at the sushi bar watching the ships on the river.
They have delicious fresh sushi, great lunch specials, a nice, friendly sushi chef behind the counter. ( I overheard him talking to several folks who came in to order 'to-go' and he offered to deliver their sushi to them at their jobs. GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! I don't think they offer delivery regularly.) It is a tiny space with only a few chairs at the sushi bar, but plenty of seating in the food court.
While I reviewed the menu options a small dish of noodle salad was placed in front of me. It was light and tasty, topped with a pinch of seaweed salad. I ended up ordering the Roll Lunch Special. For $8.50 you get to choose two styles from a short list of sushi rolls and it is served with a cup of miso soup, too! Soup, salad and two sushi rolls for under $10!! I will NEVER get grocery store sushi again!!Well worth the trip! Family of three had Nola roll, crawfish roll, Nola poke bowl and a combination of the cucumber and crab salad. Generous portions, reasonable prices, friendly service. Don't let the food court location turn you off.We stopped by here by a whim and I am super glad we did. The creative fusion of New Orleans style food with sushi is amazing. I highly suggest the fried oyster roll. Friendly staff who are amazing. Easy to get to place in the mall in the French quarter. Please give this place love.No matter how many times I come, my sushi is ALWAYS good, the service is great, friendly staff, very laid back environment. I've been coming here for about 5-6 years & I'm always pleased and happy!One of the only things left open in the plaza. The lady taking my order also served me and made the sushi! Super fresh, really good, good food and nice lady as well. Gave me a little seaweed and noodle salad while I waited for her to make my roll. No complaints.