We were weary Memorial Day weekend travelers looking for a life changing cocktail. It was 11 PM on Sunday and except for the mixed drink bars and Bourbon St madness, the cocktail bars we were looking for had closed despite the long weekend. We then stumbled upon this gem. Their drinks were simply perfect. Great ambiance, welcoming and detail oriented. Based on the number reviews, Jewel of the South seems relatively new. I hope it keeps all of its charm and quality. I recommend the Brandy Crusta and the Barbadian Gin Punch. Enjoy!Loved this place, Chris Hannah and his crew are doing exceptional work. The cocktails were divine (try the Courtyard Carré), so was the atmosphere and decor, and of course the food. Had the fried frog legs fish and was left wanting more!I was extremely disappointed, especially since it's located right behind our apartment.  The atmosphere and courtyard are nice, but the menu on a chalkboard was not a good move.  The pea humus was extremely disappointing, and I tasted paper for days.  If you are looking to leave here full it's not happening.  In a city with so many great food choices, choose differently.We really enjoyed this place. Came here for my husband's birthday and both food and drinks were excellent. The menu changes frequently, so my advice would be don't be afraid of unusual things.
Two items stood out, kombucha squash  with N'Duja (a Calabrian thing, kind of like hot salami turned into a pate) and peanuts. Absolutely delicious. And ox tongue. I know. Tongue? It was so good. Sliced super thin and very flavorful. Just go. It was a lovely evening.The drinks were good and the turnip greens were PERFECT. The English peas were also delicious. The little hidden away bar is definitely a hidden gem, but I would probably only go for a drink or two. The waitstaff was friendly, knowledgable, and very professional. Definitely give it a shot for some pre-dinner drinks!Attention to detail! Fantastic service, delicious food, and outstanding cocktails. Highly recommended for something off the beaten path in the French Quarter.Fantastic creative food and delicious inventive cocktails. We ate about half of the menu and favorites included gnocco fritto, roast bone marrow creme, and ricotta/mozzarella plate. The Barbadian gin punch was delicious (I am not a gin drinker). The staff was attentive and helpful. Great experience!Food was great... a bit pricey, but it was a lovely experience. Good cocktails. Staff was efficient and friendly.Absolutely incredible experience. Every single dish uniquely prepared and scrumptious. The drinks were exceptional.  
The interior design, cutlery, lighting - all primo. 
Thanks again JOTS! Such a wonderful experience.This bar has such a cool atmosphere! Don't be surprised if you walk right in front of the entrance without realizing you're there. We did. The bar staff is so nice and knowledgeable. Definitely recommend!Completely awesome place. Lives up to its namesake!!!  Drinks perfect as expected and food is equally fantastic. We had the Leeks and Gumbo. The gumbo is hearty and presented with potato salad, as is commonly lost today. This was PERFECT and some of the best I've had in town.
Now for the drinks....
I started off with the French 75, how could I not with Chris Hannah behind the bar? Loved it. The cognac comes through and tops this drink off.
I moved to the Night Tripper, presented in the perfect smokey etched glass. Have you had the Perfect Manhattan? I found it. This drink is a new favorite for me! Perfect amount of Amaro!
The Sherry Cobbler was equally fantastic. I am not usually a sherry fan, but I will definitely order this drink again.
We also tried the Second Line Season. Again, perfect amount of Amaro comes through in this libation. And, like the trumpeters the bitters pulls it together. This was the favorite of my husband.
He moved on to the Roffigac. This is a refreshing cocktail and yes, just right for all seasons in NoLa.
At last, the Jewel Sazerac. The namesake. Perfectly blended and one of the best in town. I you are a Sazerac fan, you will not want to miss this cocktail.
See you Soon!!!  Thank you for opening this wonderful place!Best new restaurant in New Orleans!!! We ordered the entire menu, other than the oxtail and sweet breads, and everything was FANTASTIC. All dishes were unique, well portioned, modern, and delightful flavors and textures. Also, our waiter was top notch. The vibe is very romantic, classic New Orleans. It is the ideal intimate dining experience. Just ate there tonight and already made another reservation for two weeks from now.Y'all, this place is yummy!!  My chef husband has told everyone about the oysters & I'm all about the eggplant.  It was crazy delicious & how we got a table without a reservation is beyond me, but we were lucky!!  I'd be a regular if I lived in NOLA.We wandered in to see the beautiful courtyard, were greeted warmly, and invited to come back when they were open (hour or two early). Went back the next day and again were made to feel we'd made someone's day just by stopping in. Cocktails were delightful as was the service. Didn't stay long enough to have food, but will remember them for the next time we're in town.The food is fabulous!  Try the miso roasted eggplant.I stop by Jewel of the South for a refreshing drink during an afternoon. Came back with the gang and we had festive and delicious meal that evening.Wow. What a beautiful, hidden jem in the quarter. This spot brings you back to another time. One without TV or instagram-inspired neon restaurant decor. Their elegant cocktails pair nicely with their roating cast of amazing and unique food. I can't really describe some of the dishes I have consumed over my 4 visits, but I can tell you each one was amazing and deserving of your full attention. Don't skip on the callas dessert! Can't wait to go back.Such an amazing experience! Loved the food, every dish brings out a layer of flavors and such an unique taste! Absolutely loved the secret menu and enjoyed the atmosphere! Highly recommendJewel of the South is one of our new favorite places in New Orleans. We stopped in to just have drinks before our dinner reservation elsewhere. Two delicious French 75s and one awesome chat with the hostess Arden later, and we cancelled our reservation and made one here instead. Both Arden and our server Patrick gave us great dinner recommendations. We got the bok Chou, the bone marrow, the short rib, and the burrata. They even recognized us when we came back! Everyone was super friendly, professional, and kind. Would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting. Thanks so much for the great experience!What can I say? A jewel of a refuge in the Quarter Sea. Quiet, chill vibe wants me to consider all the unique cocktails with bitters I've never even heard of. Chris the cocktologist, is an expert in crafting something to your liking. I can't wait to try dinner!Absolutely incredible spot for cocktails!  Like many places in and around the Quarter, this place is small but is very well laid out.  I genuinely can not recommend this place highly enough.  They are very well versed in the art of the craft cocktail.  They have many of the classics along with their own creative variations and concoctions.  What I appreciated the most about this place is that they are using a great deal of non-mainstream brands behind the bar.  Additionally they are creating their own syrups, tinctures, and even recreating classic liqueurs such as Amer Picon which is not available in the US.  This dedication to craft is something that absolutely sets them apart and will ensure that they are going to be a long standing establishment in an incredibly saturated market.EVERYTHING was brilliant and delicious. This place is chill and cozy. The bone marrow cream, the short rib... try it all.Was extremely disappointed. We came in temperatures were taken and seated outside was told to point our phones to QR code to order drinks and food. After we sat for 15 minutes and ignored, we got up and left! Only three items for food. Deviled eggs, some kind of sweet potato dip, and charcuterie . Beautiful courtyard though.You're not gonna find a better drink in town, nor will you in any other town. 
And that's regardless of what you order here. 
You could ask for a tall glass of sewer water and they would somehow turn it into the best drink you ever had.
But I'd recommend trying the Night Tripper and a dealer's choice first.Beautiful atmosphere. Perfect date location. Smaller portions, but interesting ingredients and flavors. Definitely enjoyed my short rib dish!Of you are looking for overpriced craft cocktails this place is for you. The bartenders and staff are way to uptight.  I probably would not go back.What a hidden jewel!!! An absolute must to visit if you enjoy good food, craft cocktails and amazing service! I totally fell in love with this place! Thank you Kendall for the wonderful experience!One of the few places in French Quarter that can make a decent cocktail. The Ramos Gin Fizz here was actually perfect, which has been a rare experience for me. 
Perfect cocktails, a beautiful cozy atmosphere and great service. I couldn't ask for anything more than this!!!This is an amazing place! The cocktails are one of a kind.  The bartenders  guide you through the menu.   And they were never wrong in their suggestions.    Maggie was attentive and really knows the drink menu.  I'll be back.I asked the owners, "Did you make this place for me?" 
The food, drink, and service were magical. 
I gasped in delight when I went to the bathroom. 
After our meal, I told my husband I didn't want to leave. 
All the stars.We had heard from several people that we needed to try this restaurant and took advantage of their re-opening to try them out.  First impressions are very important in a dining experience and from our first moments at Jewel of the South we felt very welcomed and were captivated. The customer service from all of the staff (especially Patrick) was truly exceptional and they went out of their way to make us happy in several ways.  Presentation was excellent and no detail was overlooked.  Even though we were outside (by choice) their courtyard is gorgeous and the marble tables and nice wooden chairs made it so pleasant.  All the drinks were amazing and their wine selection is impressive.  We can't wait to visit again!  We would definitely recommend.Let me start by saying we booked our experience two weeks ago and have talked about it every day leading up. We were SO excited. 
The 'experience' unfortunately fell short of our expectations. First off - our table was TINY - like I couldn't cross my legs and I'm 5' 5". Also I was staring into their fluorescent lights in the kitchen which took away from the vibe of "Victoria's corner". 
Anyway - onto the food and drinks. We were greeted with a welcome cocktail - and it was very meh - I would've never ordered this and I would never order a second. We were then brought two deviled eggs - those were good but don't really make the whole thing into an experience. We were also told to pick two drinks each off the menu and the options all sounded great! Of the drinks - two were good and two were really bad, which I just wasn't expecting from such a highly regarded cocktail bar. Our cheese board was fine, as was the next "snack" (butternut squash dip with pork rinds or something???). But - you'll be shocked to hear, that's all there is to the experience. No story telling, no cool presentation - it was a very normal evening at a cocktail bar with the exception of the welcome drink and the two small snacks we didn't order off the menu. 
Was it worth $140 for what we got? Most certainly not. Do I think their November offering just wasn't for me? Possibly.... who knows. I probably won't find out for myself. 
Overall - go somewhere like Cure, Coquette, or the Chloe if you want special drinks. You'll save a big wad of cash and have genuinely delicious drinks in just a nice - if not nicer - of a setting.Service was great and cocktails were good. The meal itself was rather disappointing. Didn't enjoy the consistency of the smoked ham, it wasn't at all what I expected. If I ate SPAM, I'd imagine it would taste like this. The Charred bok choy was an interesting take on a caesar salad but the excessively salty anchovies made it barely palatable. I did enjoy the short rib and found the burrata to be delicious. Wish we would have only ordered those two dishes.Super delicious food, great atmosphere, friendly service. We had the bok choy salad, smoked ham, and crab salad and all three were super tasty. I am generally not a Caesar salad dressing fan but theirs made me a believer. The only thing I'd like to see is more local beers available to pair with their food but no big deal.I was surprised when I finally made it over to this lovely new bar... because the last time I was at this address, it was still a private residence. But it's a great new addition to the NOLA cocktail scene as one would expect from one of the leaders of the NOLA bar world. 
The courtyard was gorgeous on a slightly cool evening, and it was a lovely respite from the bustling scene inside. So no matter your mood, there was a vibe for you. My cocktail was the Night Tripper and it was funky and perfection... much like it's name sake. 
I wish their food menu had more snacky items, something shareable while you are having a drink. But I get that they are serving full dinners and not just bar food. 
Service was perfect, of course.Let me start by saying that Jewel, prior to Covid, (& hopefully after), was a fantastic bar. Truly, one of our favorites. However, I was extremely disappointed at the lackluster "Cocktail Experience". To bill this as an "experience" is exceptionally misleading. An experience implies something out of the ordinary, and this was anything but. First, I felt that the usually beautiful space was somewhat unkempt; it's a Carnival celebration, but Christmas decorations are definitely still up. Second, we ordered drinks from the menu, but there was no "story" behind the drinks or connection to the "carnival" theme.  The drinks were good, but not exceptional. Finally, the "snacks" were very disappointing - the pimento cheese gougere felt stale and although the shrimp remoulade was tasty, it was served with a few (maybe 6?) Zapp's chips. Again, the snacks had zero connection to the Carnival theme advertised through Jewel's Instagram and website. 
I understand that our bars and restaurants are doing the best they can during this Pandemic, and I am grateful for the chance to support our favorite places, but this fell really short for me. For nearly $50 a person, I expected a bit more Carnival spirit, southern hospitality, and charm.Our dinner here was the highlight of our Jazzfest week. We ate at many great restaurants--Justine, N7, Bacchanal, etc--but JOTS was inventive, fresh AF and delicious. It's small plates, so we ordered many and shared them all. Everything we had was great but the standouts were the celeriac, the bone marrow and the fresh mozzarella.
I didn't find it to be overpriced at all. After several small plates and two rounds of cocktails, we each paid about $65 including gratuity. That's a totally fair tab for that level of food and drinks.
The space was dark and gothic and gorgeous and the service was *chef's kiss*. And, oh, did I mention the sick cocktail program? I had an excellent French 75 and the mezcal cocktail. Really excited to go back in August.Bear with me, because this is more of a story than a review.
The atmosphere and general appearance of the courtyard where we sat was very nice and welcoming - that's what star #1 is for.
There were drink menus on the table, so when the server greeted us we asked to see a food menu so that we might decide on a bottle of wine. He says, "There's only one, and that table over there is using it."  What?
He gestures to the large chalkboard menu resting on a chair across the courtyard. Confusion sets in, so we decide to have cocktails.
My wife asked a general question about the cocktails and received a lengthy and not at all helpful answer. I should mention that our server, while very courteous, was just... odd, and almost talked like Yoda.
We finally get our turn with the menu but I can't see it from my seat. I refuse to get up from a table to read a menu unless I'm ordering bar food. So I pull it up on my phone and we decide to share 3 items. A different server brings the plate of extremely mediocre puff pastry things and we still have no place settings or cutlery. So we ask him for some. His response: "Well, it's finger food."  Again, what?!  We ask again and he brings it. Yes, I understand finger food. I also like to wipe said fingers on a napkin you dolt.
Our second plate comes, which is a really delicious roasted celeriac root. There's star #2.
The third plate was a pretty good pork bao, but overall I agree with some of the other reviewers that everything was overpriced.  Even the cocktails were just pretty good - there are much better ones in the Quarter for that price or less.
I think the ideas behind the food are great, and I wish the cocktails were as good as they appear on the menu. Maybe we should have had the Brandy Crusta, but there won't be a next time.
One last thing.  I've got nothing against people being different, or being creative in the workplace.  But instead of a "Thanks, have a good night!" from Yoda Jr., I got a wink and a little finger wave.  That was just the icing on the cake of the strangest dining experience we've had since Green Goddess. (I think I reviewed them years ago if you care to look it up.)
Thanks y'all, have a good night!Very cute place. Food is unique, tasty,  but don't come here if you're hungry. This is pretty much a craft cocktail place with very pricey appetizers.  Everything is small plates, but for the price of a full entree. I am a small woman, I don't eat that much, so for me to say this in a review is rare. There is a printed menu for cocktails. But not food. If you can't read the hand written chalkboard menu on the wall, ask for the I-pad version. 
If I come again, it will be for the cocktails only.  Maybe.We were on a girls' trip and stopped here for a drink. What a great find!! A quaint place with a really different take on food and drinks. 
We had already eaten dinner so I got the Eccles cake. I thought holy moly $18 for a dessert, but holy moly it was amazing!! My drink was great too!
Highly recommend!We visited last night after dinner and wished we had also come for dinner. The drinks were spot on....Kevin said it was the best Sazerac he had during our entire trip. Thanks Chris Hannah...our bartender. The food going by while we sat at the bar looked delicious. We will definitely eat here on our next trip to New Orleans.  
The service from the host and both bartenders was friendly and efficient. We ordered the Eccles cake for dessert and it arrived quickly. It was also delicious. 
We enjoyed talking with Paul Gustings who was very knowledgeable about the cocktail history of New Orleans. We look forward to coming back to try more of the amazing drinks and food.The Jewel of the South is just that a Jewel. Recommend by Elizabeth from #drink&learn as a great new spot, we headed that way with our group of 9. 
The location and atmosphere are great whether indoor and outdoor. We were told they had the best Old Fashion in NOLA, and I would not argue that at all. 
The service is on point, menu is new daily with specials your need to try. We shared almost the entire menu as small plates and was not disappointed. We can't wait to come back!Had a fantastic dinner here. Blown away by the food, truly. Drinks were good. Service was great, even if our server only spoke in hyperbole about every single menu option. It's a small, but beautiful FQ space, but on the outside, so much easier to get to thank having to navigate deeper in through the FQ crowds and traffic. You enter through the back door after walking through the side alley and emerging in the courtyard. If you make a trip to the washroom, there's a communal sink with a mirror hung outside that you have to look out the window to see. That was kind of a cool design element. 
We had the crispy tripe, the bone marrow creme, the trotter pie and the 108-day aged beef carpaccio. Every bite was fantastic. The bone marrow creme came with addictive little madelines, but if you ask for more to finish off the dish, it's $8! Whatever. Food was great, drinks were solid and you should come check it out for yourself'The bar experience is amazing.... Really an excellent cocktail bar! The back patio is super romantic and comfortable. Heaters are great. The food menu is wonderful as well. We had the caviar with potatoes as a snack with our drinks. We love this place!! I hate to share it....Jewel of the South is a French Quarter tavern and gastropub set in a tiny 19th century Creole cottage that has been around for just under 6 months. Considering the founders are well-established bartenders who previously helmed two of NOLA's finer cocktail spots, the drinks are a major draw, but the seasonal menu is a force on its own, with eclectic influences and innovative combinations like ox tongue with peanut salsa, frog leg bao, and roast bone marrow crème with caviar.
I confess that the $12-$16 price tag scared me away from any of the cocktails (I stuck to the three canned beers on the menu), but my fellow diners were blown away by the Crusta Alcala, a playful marriage of mezcal, tequila, and sweet-vs-bitter chocolate notes.
The restaurant doesn't take reservations, except for pre-approved private events such as our 8-person bachelor party meal. The menu was a prix fixe four-course affair. The first was semi-sweet, creamy chicken liver mousse served with a juicy prune and toasted crisps. I happen to love liver, so this sizeable serving of whipped spread was heaven over the savory chips. The next main course was thick filets of striped sea bass over collard greens smothered in a caviar-and-chive beurre blanc. The fish was well cooked but lacked maybe one pinch of salt. The heavy sauce was delicious and was brightened by a healthy dose of citrus that infused nicely into the mildly bitter greens. Served at the same time were the colossal slabs of pork belly over crispy chunks of bacon and hearty greens (lima beans, black eyed peas, and peas). Each bite of pork was superbly moist and melt-in-your-mouth soft and the rind on top was the absolute crispiest I've ever seen and shattered like glass. The dessert, which the waiter described as "Peach mess," was my least favorite item, but it was still creative enough to gain my respect. It featured a mild panna cotta with salted peaches, shreds of basil, and copious columns of crunchy meringue. It was a compelling choice to begin the meal with a relatively sweet dish and end on a somewhat salty one.
The meal was excellent, the service was prompt, and the ambiance was unique. It was an all-around great experience, although it was the most expensive meal that I've enjoyed in some time (it's on the higher end of $$$, especially if you buy drinks).Phenomenal bygone-era house turned classy but homey cocktail bar with tight food menu. Apparently they are related to French 75, and the quality of their cocktails really shows.
Food wise, we tried a couple of plates, and all were amazing. The menu appears to change often, so they may not even have what we ate at this time. Among the highlights (ie, everything we ordered)- bone marrow cream with Cajun caviar, salt baked butternut squash, short rib with fish sauce caramel!, and Stilton with Eccles cake.
Service was really friendly, helpful, and not at all pushy. We grabbed the last 2 seats at the counter around 5:30pm on a Saturday. However, the business ebbed and flowed while we were there. Apparently they now take reservations, which is a plus as they dining room is quite small. They do have a patio seating when the weather is niceHands down the best bar experience in New Orleans! What makes Jewel of the South unique is its subtle sophistication. Its bar is the crown jewel and main focus. The bartenders are as exceptional as the cocktails they are serving up and the food brings it all together. 
If you're just visiting our city or a local looking for a spot that doesn't rely on the usual New Orleans stereotypes this is your place.A local small restaurant owner highly recommended Jewel, and it was absolutely wonderful.  The cocktails were, as expected, masterful -- I don't much like Herbsaint or licorice taste, but the mild touch within the scotch sour was delicious (second tasted as good as first).  Nice oysters with a trotters mix on top?  Huh?  Superb.  Deviled eggs creamy with serious but manageable heat.  Sweetbreads in a broth over corn and peas.  More creativity and perfection; the broth was poured over and did not sog the meat; the broth was obviously long cooked and had a glimpse of heat at the end; tomatoes were not quite there taste wise but the dill and parsley sauce, focaccia and tomato water with celery salt was glorious; as for the bone marrow Cajun caviar with homemade potato chips, the flavor was deep and unctuous; and a lovely pairing of Stilton, fig jam, and a sort of mince meat pie ended the dinner fabulously.  Add in helpful team service.  Blown away, we shall return each trip to town.Super disappointing. Was excited to visit knowing this was the new spot where professional bartender, cocktail aficionado and all around awesome guy Chris Hannah has set up shop after moving on from his former haunt, the French 75 Bar. The inside was packed this night so we opted to sit outside on their lovely patio. We were warmly greeted and offered any table we chose. There was a banquette of two tops, but since there were no other guests, we chose a large round. 
The drinks are pricy, between $11-16 per so this is a place to have a round and move on, or if you've got the bankroll, a place to impress clients or out of town guests. If you really want to pull out the big guns, there's also a few pages of cocktails that retail for $45+
After deciding we would only stay for a round, we asked to see the menu. The chalkboard was propped up in front of us and as the server walked away, we asked if she had a printed version as it was impossible to read the board outside in the dark, even if you have 20/20 vision. "You could always take a picture of it", she says which was REALLY off putting. When asked why there wasn't a paper printed menu like there was for drinks, she said it was because the food offerings changed every 2-3 weeks. 
Please. 
I've worked in restaurants all my life, as does my friend, and daily printing of menus is not uncommon or cost preventative, especially if your charging on average $14/drink.
After squinting at my terribly photographed flash picture for the menu and not able to fully read it, we decided to abandon ship and move on. This wasn't a place for those on a budget, and the lack of accommodation we felt when it came to the food made the decision for us, to move on. 
Surprisingly, my Golden Monkey wasn't very memorable though the Night Tripper did have great layers of flavor and depth. I want to give this place another try because knowing Chris, he would want to ensure a positive & pleasant experience for everyone.The Emperor has no jewels.  Charging more without an improvement in quality or service is simply price gouging.  Wine offerings were adequate (at least by the glass).  Food offerings were confusing.  Why is a restaurant in New Orleans, with a name like Jewel of the South, a restaurant which serves English food?  Why list your menu on a chalkboard that can hardly be seen?  $25 for a very modest serving of mundane fish and chips and $13 for a glass of lackluster Bordeaux in an overcrowded (albeit nicely decorated) space, does not warrant a return visit.Well this is sure a welcome addition to Rampart St! The cocktails at Jewel of the South are incredible variations of classics, both well known and obscure. The brandy crusta, which is one of my personal favorite New Orleans cocktails, is the first one everyone should try! Obviously with this bar team, any cocktail is going to be nothing less than exceptional. The food here will leave you speechless. With influences from all around the globe done in proper, modernly executed New Orleans fashion, you can't go wrong with any dish. Service is exceptional as well, whether you sit at the antique bar, or the beautiful courtyard. I'm so happy Jewel is here to stay!We were limited on time so we stayed for one round of drinks but we sat on the patio and it was therapeutic to say the least. Chris Hanna and staff showed great hospitality and respected their guests by following the safety guidelines proficientlyMy friend and i went on a cocktail bar crawl and had to stop here. It has no sign outside, only a older gentleman who greeted us. We got extremely lucky and found 2 spots at the bar. It's a very cozy place and has a super cute courtyard area but definitely get a res before or you won't get a spot. We had the Brandy Crusta which was so good. The bartender made me the best Pimms Cup i think ever had (had a little cucumber juice in it -dope). Def check it out if you love a crafted cocktail . They're all very pleasant too! Will have to try the food next time!Ehhhhhhh.  It's maybe not fair to review this place, since it wasn't really my choice to visit.  But my bartender friend felt this was an essential stop while visiting NOLA so we meandered down the dark little streets from Bourbon to try it.
My first impression was favorable.  It's a lovely place, with a gorgeous patio.  The cocktail menu was interesting (but overpriced tbh).
I was completely confused about the menu.  There was a chalkboard in the wall with the menu, but not nearly enough to explain what the dishes actually were.  We had the "gougeres, chicken parfait, prune".  These were fried little bites that were lukewarm.  I'm unsure if they were supposed to be hot?  They were tasty, but I'm going to forget them as soon as I finish this sentence.
We decided to move on rather than brave more of the menu.  I think this place could be great, but it's clearly cocktail-centric and the food is merely an afterthought.  Just embrace the cocktail snobbery!  
Come for the drinks, but choose one of many, many other restaurants where food is the star if you're hungry.This is a very nice, cozy place. I only had a drink and the service was great. The food looked amazing. The reason for the 3 stars is that it is incredibly overpriced. $16 for one drink!Loved this place!! We are visiting from Los Angeles and this place was welcoming and trendy, definitely lived up to our expectations. The butter rum & the coquito were incredible. We will definitely be back.So cute. Great drinks and helpful staff! Definitely going back! The bartender seemed a little overwhelmed since there was only one but the drinks did not suffer, just not quick.Jewel of the south has been on our list for a long time! Finally took my husband for his birthday. I booked us for the cocktail experience (not sure if they are offering this still!) It was $45 per person and you pay in advance. This includes a welcome drink, any two drinks of your choice, and snacks! The welcome drink was watermelon shrub and champagne super refreshing and simple. For our first drinks we opted for the Harlot's rose and the sword Lilly. The harlots rose is a gorgeous purple color with dragon fruit, st germain, vodka and sparkling wine. It's soooo good a nice light drink that isn't too sweet. The sword Lilly is bold and spicy--if you love mezcal def a great go to! My next drink was the white raspberry Negroni and my husband had the bartender whip something up for him that was like an old fashion with mezcal. A really cool new experience he loved it! As for the Negroni --also very good! I hate Campari so they are normally not my thing but this one has a cool twist on it. 
As for snacks they brought us out a poached carrot and the Yukon gold potato. At first the thought of a poached carrot sounded gross but this carrot was the best carrot I have ever had. It is so well seasoned with Za'atar and is the perfect texture. The potato's came with the best potato chips EVER and had seaweed butter on top. They were so good. The snacks are small but they are real snacks. So think about that if you are coming after dinner--maybe do something in between and make it a late reservation (I def thought they were going to give us bar nuts LOL). It's very cute, the checked our vaccination cards like actually touched our screens to make sure they were real which I feel like not enough places are doing! We will def be back for more drinks!!!Disappointed in the limited menu. I called the night before and was told that there would be a special as an entree. I could eat that, so I was happy. Got there--no special. So, I ended up having one drink. I was expecting more flair at this place and a much more amazing cocktails since this was a James Beard Winner for best Bar South (something like that). I was thankful for their recommendation to a restaurant which I did end up going to and it was amazing.  I'm out of town and every elite restaurants was just out of the world with food and service. This left me "meh."Just off the ambience was amazing!! The outside seating area is so pretty and gets romantic once it gets dark and they turn the lights on. The cocktails were perfectly crafted. You can tell a very knowledgeable mixologist made the drinks. I ordered the pink panda which was amazing but it had too much ice in it which made it hard to drink through the paper straw. The snack selection isn't great. I had the charcuterie board and it was pretty weak. I've definitely had better. I'd go back to try more cocktails and enjoy this amazing backyard area again.Finally got to pop in after work and try this place - it's so cute!  It was too hot to sit outside, but there were seats at the bar.  After planning to be there specifically for happy hour, I did not order any drinks on the happy hour menu, but instead tried the Brandy Crusta, which was excellent, and a negroni cocktail, because it was negroni week.  Chris Hannah was behind the bar so it was fun to chat with him and watch him make cocktails.  My companion asked Chris to make him a spicy cocktail with tequila, and he declared it was the best cocktail he'd ever had in his life, and ordered another to go.  I sampled the deviled eggs, which were delightfully spicy and a unique flavor.  I can't wait to return!It was so nice to see this place packed with locals showing their love for acclaimed Bartender Chris Hannah's new place. At Arnaud's French 75 Bar, Chris resurrected a long forgotten cocktail called Brandy Crusta. His new restaurant is named after the place where the drink was first created. When we arrived Chris came out to great us, and I told him I flew all the way from Los Angeles to try his famous Brandy Crusta. He went behind the bar and prepared them for us. It was complex is flavor - cognac based, tart with lemon juice and balanced out with Curaçao and maraschino liqueur. It was delicious! Next time I'm in town I'll be back for another and to try some of their unique offerings from the food menu.Jewel of the South- meticulously created craft cocktails paired with pimento cheese and Zapps potato chips? You have nailed New Orleans for me. This is your grandmother's pearls paired with your favorite blue jeans and drinks with friends served in your mama's best glasses for company. I adore this place.Nice atmosphere, cute restaurant.  We are elderly so I was surprised when we were taken to upstairs dinning.  I thought they should have gave an option. They have a unique menu but limited items.  There was a special offered to a near table seated after us but we were not offered it.  We had the beer salad, it was very good.  They only had two entrees, a wagyu sirloin and Alaskan cod (why does a restaurant in New Orleans serve Alaskan cod?).  I was not asked what temperature I wanted my meat and it was delivered medium well.  I returned it and was told the chef did not want to serve rare wagyu beef.  The order came back medium rare but was not impressed with their wagyu.  I sold meat for 18 years to restaurants so I have an idea what wagyu should taste like.  The meat was a strip loin, the taste was fine but wagyu has great marbling witch improves the flavor and tenderness.  This cut did not display that.  I suggest that their chef look for a different meat supplier.  Wine list was also very limited, why would you have more sparkling wines than reds or whites?  This was recommended by a friend but I would not recommend it.  The value was not worth the price.If you're in NOLA and ready to have a change of atmosphere (out of Bourbon street) you need to come visit this place. Cocktails were amazing and the overall experience was  just perfect!! I did not think my kids would even try the wagyu tongue but they did and loved it so we ordered 3!I absolutely LOVE this cozy spot!  It is my go to place fro drinks!  If your looking for a mature and cozy lounge to sip a few spirits this is the place. The atmosphere reminds you of true New Orleans that you don't want to miss.I cannot stress how much I loved, loved, loved this place. We heard about this place as we were looking for different distilleries and tastings in the area on our visit. We signed up for the cocktail experience which was $45 per person and were able to try some of their signature cocktails with even a few small bites as perfect pairings with the beverages we had. As many times as I have visited Nola, I have never been to a bar quite like this one. The décor was very elegant. The outdoor back patio area was truly my favorite as it isn't too loud and you're able to enjoy the New Orleans outdoor ambiance. The food and drinks were all uniquely crafted. This is a place where you can simply describe your preferred palette and they will match you up with a menu item perfectly.Jewel of the South was the highlight of our stay in New Orleans! The experience was a great balance of complex mixology and haute cuisine. 
The menu was tea themed and Chris, the bartender, was fun to watch.  My husband and I had the Cocktail Experience and ended up having 4 of the cocktails. 
Food was impeccable with the sweet potato stealing the show for the evening. Who knew you needed seaweed butter!?! 
I highly recommend you check out this gem!WOW WOW
I had friends visiting from out of town and brought them in for the cocktail experience... we were all overjoyed with the beauty of the space, impeccable service, and creative, gorgeous drinks. 
Unbelievable experience at a great value. Highly recommend.This place is super cute, hole in the wall type of place. You go in from their side entrance and reach their hostess and the court yard. They aren't currently taking reservations, so we waited about 15 mins before being sat by the bar. 
Food is pricey! Don't expect to come here and leave full unless you're okay with paying a premium price. 
We ordered two of their signature drinks. The brandy crusta ($13) for my friend and I can't remember the other name, but it also involved crusta. 
Upon bringing out the drinks, the server spilled mine all over our legs. He apologizes, we apologize. Then he looks at my drink and says "not that much." and walks away. I can only assume that he meant that "not that much" spilled out. Lol. Didn't offer another drink or a discount. Something? I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't expect anything? But I thought that was in poor taste. 
My drink ($14) had mezcal in it and it was delicious. I really enjoyed whatever I had left in my cup. The perfect amount of smokiness. 
We ordered roasted bone marrow ($17) to snack on. Came with half a bone. Flavor was good. It was topped off with bacon bits. Came with pita(?) bread. Definitely pricey for what we received, but I should have read the reviews first! Haha. 
I will come back to try more of their signature drinks one day and hopefully get a full glass of it!Jewel of the South seems to have hired only the most knowledgeable staff in the New Orleans food and beverage scene.  They take great care in making the drinks.  For example, your hurricane will not be a kohl aide super bomb.
The courses are inventive.  Think bone marrow in a crepe with caviar and cornbread crisps as the scoop.  Also, I enjoyed the Waygu short rib with the scalloped potato dish.
The restaurant is in an attractive building in the French Quarter with a wonderful courtyard.  This is a restaurant for discerning foodies.  The small plates with the drinks add up, but hey you likely are not going to a fine dining restaurant in NOLA if you are on a budget.