I got the blueberry glazed toast where they make their own house blueberry syrup and my partner got the captain crunch french toast with the pepper sausage parties.  It was a win win with great service from Zach and Leslie!  
A must go.  Super delishSmall beautiful décor. Very cozy. Food was delicious. Great service. Jessie is the bestGreat little find while walking around. Seats about 30. Owner was a great character and friendly and the food was great. Had shrimp and crawfish étouffée. Highly recommendDELICIOUS BREAKFAST!!! though the place is so small we couldn't get a table for six all together so we had to sit in groups of two's - kind of a buzzkill, but not terrible. the wait staff was not very friendly. in fact, they seemed aggravated when we told them we were ready to order - like it was an inconvenience to them or something. so strange! the pancakes were divine, the grits were divine, the bacon was divine ... i'm not sure if there was anything bad on the menu! definitely a place to stop off at, but beware that there may be a wait or not enough seating for bigger parties!!!This was one of our food stops while we were in town for Labor Day. We had really high hopes but out of a party of 6, only one of us really enjoyed our food. The shrimp and grits were very under seasoned - no salt whatsoever. The eggs benedict we ordered were over cooked and the fried eggplant it went on top of was also lacking salt. When I hear monkey bread I'm thinking pull apart monkey bread - their's was not pull apart and more like just a slice of bread drizzled with a little icing. The PB&J pancakes were just regular pancakes drizzled with a liquid peanut butter and some sort of berry syrup. My brother ordered some sort of omelet that came on a croissant which was not bad. The best thing I ate was the home fries (potatoes) - probably the best I've had. We had other tours planned but most of our party went to Acme after because they were still hungry since they didn't eat what they ordered. Warning, the place is really - REALLY - small. If you've got a large party, good luck. Service was over all ok and friendly.This was an alright place for breakfast wasn't quite what I hoped for. Maybe I'm not a New Orleans breakfast person. Staff could have been a bit more attentive. Also location is small not much seating.FANTASTIC!!!! The staff was super friendly and the food was beyond delicious. Their brie stuffed french toast is amazing. The killer gouda grilled cheese is top notch. Jimmy J's if you are reading this, please jar your bacon jam and start selling it. I would have purchased 3 jars to take home it's that great. Worth the wait. An absolute must when visiting Nola.I like the menu. Good variety but not overwhelming. Staff was great. Food was good although my eggs Benedict were not runny. Kind of a downer. But the rest was good.Jessie and Ginger were amazing their service was fast and the food was out of this worldOverall, just disappointed. The GF had biscuits and gravy and left most of it, which as a dedicated southern girl was my first clue that the disappointment in the meal was just not mine. I ordered the regular eggs Benedict. The yolk was overdone and you expect better from an all day, 7 day a week breakfast place. The jalapeño hollandaise was excellent- I think, what I could find of it. Loved the Nueski ham from Wisconsin as I did the side order of Nueski Bacon. I thought the mimosa was undrinkable but am no champagne expert and will attribute my reaction to a 3 day NOLA hangover. There are only 8 tables so you are going to wait but they do have delivery.  It is a varied and creative menu and any chef and have a bad day.  The place is spotless and niicely decorated.  I might try delivery again but I would never violate my "never wait" rule again.Nice spot for a quick bite.  It's small but has a lot of character. Our waitress -da-girl  was really cool! !!Stopped in before returning from new Orleans on Monday and I'm glad we got there during a down time. It's a small spot with not that many tables. So if you don't get there before the city wakes up you might be waiting some time.
I went for the breakfast sandwich and really enjoyed my meal. Loads of potatoes came with it as well and the bagel was solid. Relatively cheap as far as breakfast in concerned.This place WAS promising. However, my boyfriend ended up getting red beans and rice with andouille sausage for $13 and he basically got rice and beans with a 2in sausage link cut in half. When he expressed his dissatisfaction with the meal after one bite the waitress challenged him and instead of taking it off of the check she completely ignored his concern and charged him full price for the meal. We ended up splitting my meal and having his dish as a side because of the extreme lack of protein. She ended up getting a ¢.01 tip because of the lack of customer service and attitude that was served in place of the protein. Never coming back.We had three mornings in NOLA and ate breakfast/brunch here each day!
Service is great. Prices are good and portions are very generous. 
What I tried:
3.5/5 : Buttermilk pancakes with bacon and fruit compote: I admit my first meal at Jimmy J's was a minor disappointment after I read so many great reviews. The pancakes were 'nice' but nothing particularly special. The bacon was cooked and embedded into the bottom of the pancakes which was kind of a cool idea, but in reality made the bacon surprisingly hard to distinguish. The compote was good and added variety to the dish, but I also ordered a side of strawberries for an extra $1 and never received them :( I only noticed this the next day as I was too tired after a long journey the first morning to actually notice.
4/5: Breakfast Sandwich: Fantastic classic dish which is executed very well here. Had everything you could want in a breakfast and more! Eggs were scrambled perfectly and this time the bacon really stood out. Home fries were fresh and not too seasoned or salty. Portion was absolutely giant. 
5/5: French Toast Monte Cristo: This is their speciality breakfast dish and with good reason. It's stunning, creative, fresh and varied within itself - the ham, bacon and cheese all mix together in a heavenly unhealthy way! The French toast itself was done wonderfully and was fantastically light - I didn't feel sickly stuffed afterwards like is often the case with French toast. 
As you can tell, there's huge variety on the menu here; perhaps not enough 'healthy' options for my liking, but that seems to be standard in New Orleans. We didn't get a chance to go for dinner which is a pity as their evening choices look equally appealing and generously-portioned.
Will be back on our next trip to NOLA.I think the line outside was longer than the number of seats available inside this place----- it's really tiny, like 10 tables total and they are crammed together. Went for lunch and split the catfish po'boy with my husband. It's a hearty serving for just one and the sandwich comes with fries. Everything tasted very fresh. The pieces of catfish were small and even though there was several it seemed a little skimpy. Good enough flavor with the remoulade sauce but not quite exceptional. Service was fast and friendly. Fun, relaxed atmosphere.This place was super busy upon arrival for Sunday Brunch, we waited for over 30 minutes outside, but it was well worth the wait. The inside is super small, maybe about 6 tables, but the food is absolutely amazing! I wanted a nice place to go with authentic Louisiana food and this place did not disappoint. The Bloody Mary with bacon was yummy as was my shrimp and oyster po boy. The fried green tomato appetizer was incredible! I cant wait to return to Jimmy J's again.We stopped by Jimmy J's cafe on our last day in NOLA before our flight and it did not disappoint! We ordered the shrimp and grits plate and the bananas foster french toast.  I didn't think the serving size for the shrimp and grits was quite big enough to be filling but the quality was amazing so I can let that slide. The grits were the best I had while I was in NOLA and completely satisfied that craving. The bananas foster french toast was pretty good but not the best I have ever had and came out on the cold side. Even though the line was rather long to get in, the service was very quick. The bathroom was pretty dirty and very smelly which took away from the overall experience.Their shrimp and grits were good and their customer service was even better! The waiters were very attentive and accommodating and there's barely any wait time for the food. Being that this place is really tiny and only has but a few tables (and was super busy when I went), the waiters are really good with keeping things moving and getting people in and out in a friendly way. It also has an intimate, mellow atmosphere so it would be a good spot to go with a group of friends for brunch without the loud music and such.Small place, we lucked out and got there right as someone was getting up. Seafood and spinach omelet was great as were the pancakes. Over cooked the over easy eggs, but that was the only down fall. Good Bloody Mary, will go back.Very funky and delicious breakfast. I had the eggs rancheros and my friend had the crispy waffle. Both very good and flavorful. My order was wrong and was brought out a little later then my friends but they comped my entree and gave me a free bloody Mary! So they are good in my book! A place to check out for sure.What a great little place for breakfast, lunch, hangover or drinks.  Friendly and reasonably priced.
Jimmy J's was an unexpected great experience just a few steps from where we were staying, the Quarter House.  It is beside the Marriott, a minute walk from Canal Street in the French Quarter.
It is a typical French Quarter, small, dark, junkie, ill shaped dive type bar that serves food...great food at very reasonable prices. The service was good and the portions were plentiful.
Although we didn't try any of Jimmy J's apparently famous libations, based upon the clientele, the menu and the drink specials, I'll bet this is a great place to indulge.
On the day we visited Jimme J's, we were in NOLA on vacation  and we needed to do some work work. So we were in our room all morning working and came out to get some lunch. Jimmy J's was right there so we thought we'd give it a try.  What a stroke of luck.
We enjoyed ourselves, the atmosphere and the food. We'll go back.The food was delicious! I had the shrimp and oyster po boy and it was the best I've ever had! Will definitely go back before heading back to FloridaI was in the mood for an oyster poboy and found this place on yelp.  It is my kind of place as it serves breakfast and lunch all day.  For most breakfast all day is a plus.  For me lunch at 7am is awesome!!   I started with the bacon Bloody Mary.   I could really taste the Bacon.  So good.  
The poboy was the best I've had.  The servers were very friendly.   This hole in the wall place will be added to my must list when visiting Nola.Tiny little breakfast spot that does not disappoint!! Only about ten tables but fabulous service and great food! I had the Tuscan eggs (pictured) that I highly highly recommend. Poached eggs were cooked perfectly. My husband is super particular about how his eggs are cooked and this was the one place in Nola that met his over easy requirements. He was a happy camper! Also they make a great Bloody Mary!! Check this spot out!Holy amazeballs batman! Ok the bacon Bloody Mary may be the most flavorful one I've ever had, and without being overly spicy. The French toast monte Cristo gave me a slight worry when I picked it up as I thought it was sitting in a shiny pool of grease. However that liquid turned out to be syrup and was heavenly on the sandwich. The only thing I was slightly disappointed with was that they didn't have strawberry jam to dip the monte Cristo in. They had little pouches of mixed fruit jelly. No big deal but I would have liked the jam. The home fries were delish, just needed a little salt. We also redeemed the Yelp offer for a free gooey butter cake, which I would classify as mediocre. It would be better warmed up. Service was prompt, friendly and efficient. In all I would definitely recommend this spot and would come back in a heartbeat.Yuck . Worst cup of coffee and the breakfast was so bad.. I could not eat it. Could not wait to leave so i did not have to listen to the loud waiter nonsense anymore....Horrible. Took forever to get our food so changed it to go. Sandwich was soggy and gross. The fries were cold.chicken overcooked bacon burnt. Waste of 30 bux! Waiter was nice, but that's all they got going for them. waiter said they had someone new working in the back, but there is no way it should taste this nasty and take this long. never going back here againThe food and service were most excellent. I highly recommend the cochon poboy.  Oliver was one of our favorite waiters.It's a small restaurant so the line outside is to be expected. We waited about 30 minutes to get in. The food is simple and good. Price is average for the area. The walls covered with local art.It was a mistake to start our vacation stating not to go to a restaurant twice, so that we could try as many as possible. Instead, we went to Jimmy J's three times. Do not pass up a chance to try the Cochon Eggs Benedict.We were lucky and went during off-prime hours, because the place is tiny! I'm sure it's busy during the brunch/lunch rush. But we sat down and had a fantastic meal. The server was very accommodating...I wanted to get the Cochon Benedict, but try the grit cakes instead of the biscuit. It was great! Worth checking out!What a gem! Quaint little cafe, with exceptional food and friendly, attentive staff. We had the Smoked
Salmon Bagel, an omelet and a bacon Bloody Mary. The Bloody Mary might have been the best Bloody I've ever had! Soooo good, and perfect cure for a NYE hangover!I absolutely love this place!!! I was in NOLA with my sisters and mom for a bday celebration. After many people recommending to endure the 30 minute wait. I got a Bloody Mary and Biscuits and Gravy and it was fantastic. It's a quaint place with an amazing staff! Our server Zach was charming, attentive, and all around great guy! I highly recommend this establishment!Love the place itself -- and the service was really good.
The food let me down this time. It was 2nd visit and remember the food being better.
I'm not saying don't go. I think they had an off day.
Oh! The house wine is pretty good and really cheap.Oh my jeebus! This place is delicious and the service was good. We ordered the crab cakes Benedict and the bananas foster french toast and both were SO GOOOOOD! The crab cakes had a surprising amount of meat in them--unlike most cakes which are predominately breading. And the bananas foster french toast...I can't even. The plate was drenched in caramely syrup and there was a generous portion of banana slices atop 4 large slices of toast. I can't usually eat a whole plate of carbs, but I left nothing on that dish!
Our server was good. He was prompt and funny and called us all buttercup or darling while we asked for suggestions. We saw him later at a Keno machine in a bar and he recognized us and gave us hugs. 
Get there early. We arrived just in time to beat the line that started to wrap around the building!Pretty funky cafe 1/2 block from Canal Street.  I visited for sunday brunch on a recent trip to New Orleans and arrived at the perfect time.  There are only around 8 tables, and 5 were filled when I arrived.  5 minutes later. There were abut 5 parties that showed up and many had to wait out in the rain.  
We ordered the cochon eggs benedict, a steak & eggs, and a traditional bloody mary.  Everything was delicious, but the best dish was the tender and flavorful skirt steak.
Service was very attentive and I would come back if it isn't a long wait.Everything was great, they were super accommodating and fun. Jessie "da girl" took the best care of us. She kept us hydrated and full of bloody Mary's and eggs. What more do you need? :-)We have only ordered breakfast here, which has most of the time been great (the breakfast burrito, frittata, and sausage omelette). 
Coffee- terrible. Please, owners, don't serve Denny's-quality coffee. This is New Orleans! Thank you! (I'm a local). I shouldn't be able to see through it. 
Service- has always been great, especially the one guy with the hat (sorry, can't remember his name). Yesterday, however, our omelette was overcooked and had barely any filling inside (less than usual- we order it regularly), and when we sent it back, the cook told the waitress that he didn't do anything different than normal (it's so small in there the cook knew we were right by the kitchen so we could hear).  Well, his opinion about it is really not the point- I'm not going to debate with the cook whether the eggs are rubber, they just were. If you want us to be regulars, then you have to let bygones be bygones and just make us a new omelette. 
But we ordered the breakfast burrito, and it was great.
All in all, I hope they keep the food and service at high quality and don't slip.Friendly staff, yummy home style
cookin', and delicious bloody marys at an affordable price! It felt like having breakfast at a friend's house. Very inviting and cozy.
You can get food and drinks to go, which is great if you're staying nearby.
The decor is awesome as well.This is probably my favorite meal thus far. I had grits topped w/ a vegetable ratatouille and poached eggs. Very delicious.We were drawn to the fried green tomatoes posted on the menu and decided to give it a shot. This place is tiny and very cozy. There are about 10 tables inside and a service bar only. No matter where you sit, you are in close proximity to the kitchen. Compared to other restaurants/bars in New Orleans, this place was not really air conditioned. It wasn't too hot inside, but it was definitely not cool. We ordered cucumber Bloody Marys, and they were delicious. Made with cucumber vodka. Really refreshing. Garnished with cucumber slices, olives and the ubiquitous Cajun green beans that seem to accompany any Bloody Mary in New Orleans. We started off with the fried green tomatoes. The waitress recommended we try them topped with crabmeat, as it is crab season. Great suggestion. They fried green tomatoes were outstanding. Firm, nice breading, the tomato had just the right amount of tang. The crabmeat topping was sweet and so, so fresh.
We then ordered a Poboy to split. It was one of the specials written up on the blackboard. Blackened shrimp. The sandwich was served with fries, but was kind of on the skimpy side. The shrimp were tasty, but there were not nearly enough of them and the bread sort of swallowed them up. Our waitress was friendly, efficient and kind. When we received our check we were kind of shocked that our skimpy Poboy was $18.00 !! That is the only complaint I had about this place.This was such a gem to find! It is very intimate; only seats 20. The food is great. Both my fiance and I loved the breakfast we ordered. I had the oatmeal brulee and it was perfect. My fiance ordered the egg ranchero and said he really liked it.  The customer service was awesome and since there are only 20 ppl eating,  it is almost like the servers are our entertainment as a whole.What a great little breakfast! I had the gulf shrimp and egg white burrito, which is right up my alley. There were a whole bunch of shrimp in the burrito, and they were all plump, juicy, and delicious. The service was great and everyone was very friendly.The shrimp and egg white breakfast burrito was delicious. It was worth the hour wait.This place is great! It's a small place with BIG flavor! Menu isn't too big to throw you off and the specials are out of this world. Jesse-da-girl took great care of us and Jimmy himself delivered our food! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA!Pretty good spot. Family was happy with the trip here. Food delicious, staff was very attentive to our needs and the wait was not long got food 
Leaving here a happy camper
Jimmy J's is cool with meStopped in by myself. I had the most delicious breakfast bowl with grits, eggs, sausage, and veggies. It's a small place but gave me a good feel of New Orleans my first morning. The service was good and friendly. You won't be disappointed.Nice little place.  Went on a Tuesday night and got a seat immediately.  Got the Jimmy J's Trio (gumbo, red beans and rice, and etouffee).  Awesome!  Next time, will have to try the banana fosters french toast.In town visiting and wanted a great brunch place that was reasonably priced with mimosas. Jimmy J's was the bomb-diggity!!! Our group ordered the rum raisin French toast and the crab cakes Benedict. Holy food heaven!!! For not being a French toast person, it was the best meal I had while in town. My friend who ordered the crab cakes Benedict said the eggs were cooked perfectly and the crab cake was amazing!!! The mimosas were great of course but the staff was even better! Super friendly and attentive! A must-do brunch place!!!This place gets a ton of kind words, good reviews, and word of mouth so we had to give it a try.  It's in an alley and is a small little joint. Maybe 7-10 tables. It was full when we got there and with it being St drunk day it was extra full. 
30 minute wait outside til table was ready. People behind us in line basically said it was the best spit in the world. They eat every meal here.  It's open 7-11pm so I guess you could. 
Food was fine, nothing that special really.  I had steak and eggs and a side of bacon.  Steak came in a sauce with mushrooms in a bowl already cut up.  Maybe 8 potatoes total with over cooked eggs. Normal sized portions not big. Everything was fine, just fine. 
Price was the best thing about the place. Fair and nicest total that we've had since we been here.First off let me give you a warning. The place is small and has only about 10 tables. However the wait you may have to get in to eat is well worth it. My wife had the Tomato Benny which was a fresh and unique take on an eggs Benedict. I had the bananas foster french toast. Both dishes were superb. The staff is also one of the best and make the environment feel like you are a friend of the family. I innocently asked how they made the sauce for the tomato Benny. I was taken to the kitchen where the chief explained in great detail how he made the sauce. I do not know of too many places that would be willing to do that for a visitor. I have to say that the breakfast here was one of the BEST meals we had in New Orleans. Please don't let the wait scare you from trying a place that is absolutely wonderful.The yelp users were right. The Cochan Eggs Benedict were to die for. The Pineapple Rasin Rum French Toast was very good. The Vegetable Egg Omelette was above average. The orange juice is hand squeezed!Looking for a place for late breakfast, I found Jimmy J's was nearby. Walked over to find a que waiting,but not too bad. Very short wait to get into this tiny dining room with musician motif. Quickly had an idea that I was in trouble. Everything on menu was so interesting. Not your average tourist run of the mill selection on menu, and the daily specials were even more exciting! I ended up having two entrees, with sides too! My wife had eggs Benedict and raved about them. I had eggs couchon, as well as biscuits and gravy. Awesome! We also had fried green tomatoes. Yummy,.With garlic aioli and balsamic vinegar. BEST fresh squeezed OJ. Very good French roast coffee.
Later went back for PO boys, and again wasn't disappointed. 
We WILL be going here for more before we go home!Breakfast was fantastic.  Nice small location. Funky as described.  Everything prepared properly and nice service.  My pet peeve:  between the chair with the missing foot and the table top that was loose.  It was like eating on a tilt a whirl.    
That said the food was so good I went back the next morning and got a less wobbly table
And chair.    
I'll still go againLong line was worth it. Food was great! And service was quick. Within 10 minutes of ordering, we were eating. And nothing disappointed. Only con, was that I felt rushed. The place has nine tables so they are moving pretty quickly to serve everyone.I came to Jimmy Js with a group of friends after receiving poor service from the front desk at Luke's. I'm glad we ended up here bc Rose (w/o the thorns) was amazing hostess. It's a little hole in the wall restaurant with great good and service. They had THE best hurricanes. It was my first time in New Orleans and Rose set the bar what to expect. You should definitely add Jimmy Js on your list of places to eat.This was a great find. Hole in the wall kind of place with about 10-12 tables. Exceptional service. Food was really good. It isn't easy to locate at first and definitely not the place if you have a big party or are looking for upscale, but it was a good place to relax, grab lunch, and enjoy for a little while.Just ordered a shrimp platter for delivery - 10 little bitty shrimp and a hand full of under cooked fries!  $15 plus delivery tip - feeling cheated!  Giving one star for on time delivery and one for the cocktail sauce with lots of horseradish.  Stick to breakfast here!We waited about 30 minutes outside for a table. (This is expected on a Saturday morning). Food was really good. Best biscuits I've eaten. The gravy was spot on. Huevos rancheros were really great.  My husband loved his eggs Benedict. Bloody Mary was good. Skip mimosas. Oh. Bathroom is really nasty. Service was quick but friendly. I will return.Alright this place is TEENIE TINY.  We got in line with 4 adults and a kid, we were told 15-20 mins and waited at least double (+) that time.
Yet, while we were there, any number of 2 and 3 tops were called ahead of us.  I get that the place is small, but we got a 4 top table for the 5 of us eventually.  
We had to put the stroller in the bathroom that's how small it was.
Wait and space aside the service was attentive and quick, albeit cold and standoffish and the food was great too.  By the time we got in it was almost 11 do 3 of us ordered lunch, Ruben, Philly cheese steak and a turkey club - all delicious.
Menu is extensive, decor quirky, restrooms clean.  We walked there so not sure about parking.Excellent and quirky.  Great customer service.  Attentive staff.  Worth the wait. Delicious food.We just happened upon this place right off of what looks like a major strip of the city. 
I got the triple meat sandwich and fries. It was great, though for all the walking to do after I should have gone with something lighter. The Bloody Mary (regular) was amazing! 
The only thing about this place was that I asked for rum in my Bloody Mary sense I have odd reactions to Vodka (I think I'm allergic). Well, I started to feel some of the things I do when o have vodka... I should have told them I was allergic. 
Anyways, love the place, love the atmosphere! Overall it was a great find!The best crab cakes that I have ever eaten! Delicious bacon Bloody Mary. The bananas foster French toast was also very good.Brie stuffed French toast along with biscuits and gravy topped off with a bacon bloody....damn good!  I'm on vacation don't judge my fat guy eating.Me and my wife ate breakfast here because of all the great reviews. Both us felt our meal came nowhere near meeting our expectation. She had the seafood omelette and I had the Crabcake Benedict.  Mouse running across the floor didn't help any.Decided to skip ruby slippers because I was getting tired of all the touristy joints been just hyped. Ordered the eggs Benedict and the blueberry French toast with Brie. Hubby loved loved his Benedict. The French toast was delicious. Will come back!Went to Jimmy J's solely because of the raving reviews of their breakfast. 
Very small and quirky restaurant. We had a minimal wait. I ordered the biscuits and gravy and a side of bacon. It was a disappointment. The biscuit seemed dry even though covered in gravy. The gravy just didn't have a good taste. I can't even explain it. The only thing good about the food was the bacon and the coke. 
Hopefully the chef was just having an off morning but not sure i'd go back.Whenever I see a line outside a restaurant, I always hop right on line. There must be a line for a reason. I had the crab cake eggs Benedict and monte cristo here. Both were decent but nothing great about them. Had much better versions elsewhere. The eggs were perfectly cooked though. The waitress also came back like 4 times and asked if I was ready to order. they had a pretty big menu. I probably took 5 mins total to read the whole thing so I can decide what to get. Would have liked it more if she just waited till I lifted my head up or signaled for her instead of keep coming back and asking when clearly my head is still down and reading the menu. I understand it's a small place and there is a line out the door but I don't think you should be rushing your customers. If I was sitting there for an hour a with only one cup of coffee then it's a different story.I spent some time on Yelp before going to breakfast on my birthday in New Orleans. I was impressed with the size of the place. It's super tiny! But the food was good. 
I got the eggs ranchero and my wife got the french toast. Her french toast was delicious. Cooked perfectly and she asked for the cinnamon cream. The cream made all the difference. 
The eggs were cooked perfectly on my ranchero. There were beans and avocado cream. It was a good breakfast. I put A-OK because it wasn't the best thing I've ever eaten but it was a decent breakfast and a good price!Came here with my husband after a few drinks on Frenchman street. John and Dana where very welcoming and incredibly accommodating. I had the steak and eggs and my husband had the tomato pasta. We r both very full and very happy!!  Highly recommended!!I can't believe DH and I haven't discovered this place prior to this morning. This will certainly be one of our go-to brunch spots from now on. The food, service and physical location were great! Although the place is small and we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, the personable bartender set us up with drinks while we waited. DH ordered the Cochon Benedict and the combination of spicy, smoky and tartness were incredible. I ordered the Truffled Scrambled Eggs, sans the croissant since I'm gluten-free. My dish came with a side of fresh arugula with olive oil and Parmesan cheese that was wonderful with the eggs. Both dishes came with home fries - a dish that is typically dry and boring. Not here! The home fries were crispy, salty goodness! The only reason it didn't get 5 stars from me was the mediocre coffee - DH and I love New Orleans coffee and this wasn't it. On the bright side, our waitress was good at keeping our cups full. Overall, the staff and food won us over! We will be back!Visiting Nola with family for first time and decided to look for an out of the way local dive to eat......found one in Jimmy J's! Awesome food and service and highly recommend. Great selection of local dishes and flavor. Burrito was awesome and eggs Tuscan great as well. Will definitely come back and try the other dishes. Cudos is to Leslie our server for friendly service!! Will be back when in Nola again!!We were unfortunate victims of a power outage just after getting our drinks. The staff remained joyful and accommodating. The drinks were fantastic. My wife fell in love with the cucumber mojito. We weren't able to get food because of the  power outage, but it looked great on others tables. 
It is tough to remain positive when the entire block loses power and you may be out of business for the night, but the staff really stepped up their game and made our visit enjoyable.We're so glad we came here for breakfast. We read the reviews and they were on point. This is the perfect place to have an excellent breakfast. Service was outstanding and the food is wonderful.Great breakfast!!! Bloody Mary was exquisite. Omelets and poached eggs were done perfectly. Service was unique and had personality. The restaurant is very busy, so prepare for a bit of a wait. Enjoy!Went to get get something to eat before we went to Bourbon St.  We are staying two doors away.  The food was great but the staff was even better.  Being from the North we are looking for some Southern Hospitality and we got it there.  Great food, great service, good price.They were not busy. Had to get up and get my own water and napkins. Had to ask for silverware when the brought our food. The food was not hot and the service was terrible. Will not be back.I was looking for a quick bite as I waited for my hotel room to be ready.   I walked in only to be told it would be 15 mins (which I would have waited gladly) and told to wait outside!  I waited for a little outside, a little dumbfounded, but after no one came to check on me and seeing what seemed very unhappy waitstaff come and go I decided to leave.  Too bad, it was my first experience in NOLA - I was looking forward to the crepes.Best porkchop i have ever had..hands down.Had poboy for lunch day before which brought me back..excellent Hospitality too.Excellent little place. I've eaten breakfast and lunch here over the past few days and everything has been very good.