Easily my favorite new neighborhood spot for food. The burgers are INCREDIBLE... the beer selection is daunting (although I haven't had alcohol in quite sone time). The staff are knowledgeable and friendly without being obsequious.Curious how their fish and chips is? (Never eaten here & don't live in Louisiana anymore, actually.)I had the Austin for lunch and it was great. I will have lunch there again for sure. Great burger spot !!!!Jesus Christ. I think it's so lame when people complain about service on Yelp because it's so variable and conditional. HOWEVER, I just had to get up and leave because I sat in a booth for ten minutes without anyone coming by. Not even for a drink order. I was excited to try this place. Is it customary for there to be one server working the bar and the floor? Annoying. I am annoyed.Great hole in the wall that is comfortable with good burgers and a fairly decent beer selection. Food was quick and cooked well. Bartender/server was well versed in what was behind the bar and able to match a few of the beers with the burgers we selected. Definitely planning to come back to try some of the other house burgers. Hopefully this place doesn't turn into another trendy hipster bar or a tourist trap.So, it's just too bad that the best hamburger to be had on St. Claude avenue comes with the worst service.This little hole in the wall was literally a couple blocks from where we stayed in NOLA...and that's the reason we went. They had 40+ beer on tap and the BEST burger I've had in some time...
A real hidden treasure in the Marigny. A must visit!This is a very nice addition to the bywater and nice looking bar overall.  Excellent burgers and beer selection.  I love the theme of the burger names especially since the build your own burger is named after me :) We also had fried pickles which were especially awesome.   They were thicker cut pickles than usual and fried perfectly.  The bartender that waited on us was very knowledgeable and friendly.I have eaten here before and love their food. However their customer service when we stopped by tonight left much to be desired. I am 31, and was with two friends, one 30 and the other 26. My 26 year old friend had left her ID at home - we hadn't originally planned on going there. We had walked in and sat down when the waitress came over to ask for IDs. We explained the situation and she said she couldn't let us sit down and eat but we could do a to go order. We had just decided to place a to go order when she came over again and told my friend without the ID that she would have to wait outside. I understand the rules of the bar but found it extremely inconsiderate and rude that she ordered my friend outside, late at night, and couldn't let the 3 of us take 30 seconds to order the to go order. Needless to say, we did not give this place our patronage. As I mentioned before, the food here is great - but the way we were treated will stop me from coming here again or recommending it to anyone else.My entire experience was positively wonderful!!
The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is quite nice. It has a clean, inviting, and laid back atmosphere. 
We sat ourselves and the waitress/bartender immediately brought us menus and asked if wanted the beer list. I appreciated that she didn't assume we wanted to drink given that it was just noon.
She took our drink order while we looked at the menu which had a descent selection without being overwhelming. This is definitely a burger and wing place but they also offer salads.
I chose the Southern Pacific burger: house made black bean patty, monterey jack cheese, avocado, sprouts, and house-made salsa. I elected to leave the salsa off. The food came out in appropriate amount of time. 
It was amazing!! 10/10 The best burger I have ever had, and for a veggie burger that's an even bigger compliment. The freshness of the avocado and the sprouts perfectly compliment the bean patty and cheese. The house-made fries were also delicious. 
Service was great, food was great, will definitely be back!!
Other pluses: street parking, clean, gender neutral restroom.Three of us had dinner around 7 at the junction. Started with fried pickles and wings.  
Fried pickles were as expected, I'm not a fan, but I wasn't the one that ordered them. Wings were good had an order of medium buffalo and Tijuana. Nothing mind blowing, but no defects either.
On to the main event, Carolina burger and fries. As one must always eat their fries first, less risking then getting cold or soggy, I'll review them first. 
The fries were of a larger than standard cut. It appears these potatoes are single fried in quite hot oil. The exterior of the fries was very dark, and some of the small off cuts were burnt. The texture inside was good, cooked all the way through. But the outside ruined it.
The menu states that the burgers are cooked to medium, as a burger should be. I ordered the Carolina, cheddar, fried pickles and ranch dressing. My burger came out well done and a little dry. Also under seasoned.
The junction only had one server when we arrived, he was running ragged trying to tend bar and serve tables.
Would I go back to the Junction? No, I can find a better burger and fries else where.I adore this place for so many reasons. The burgers are excellent quality and i love their fries too. The beers here are on point and i hate driving there cause i want to drink when i am there. The juke box has some great tunes. They do take out. I love that they have white cheddar & guacamole!Awesome draft beer selection (Sweetwater, 40 Arpent, Chafunkta, Stone, and Southern Prohibition, just to name a few) - but I think they still have some kinks to work out. There was only one employee when we got there (around 6pm on a Friday) and he was trying to bartend, wait tables, and run food by himself, so service was pretty slow - it looked like people were waiting upwards of 30 minutes for food. But the place is gorgeous, the beer is reasonably priced, and it looks like they'll have an awesome back patio up and running soon.Great food, beer, and friendly service. I was going to give a 4 because some of my questions weren't answered but I won't be that person....love the G.O.T beer!My boyfriend and I LOVE this place. We come in here a lot, and it has become are go-to place if we need to eat after midnight. First- the burgers are excellent. The beef is from a local farm, grass fed and very high quality. I have tried the Kansas City Southern and the Central Vermont and both are excellent flavor combinations. I also like that they always offer a "small burger" which is a 3 oz burger instead of a 6 oz burger, when you are trying to not eat so much. The other food is great too. Other reviewers have said that the fries are too salty or nothing to write home about, but we disagree. We love the fries and that they are strongly seasoned. If you are not in the mood for a burger the salads and the wings are also both excellent. Finally, all the bartenders are awesome, friendly, and really good at their job. As far as alcohol goes, they have a HUGE beer selection and at least half of them are local brews. Additionally, the frozen Irish Coffee Drinks ARE THE BOMB. Seriously. Delicious.
On another note- don't let other reviewers quips about the "neighborhood" scare you. They Bywater is not "scary" to get to and this place is also no "pricing out" the locals. This is actually a really reasonable joint compared to what has popped up around it.
No, this isn't a "five star restaurant," its a fucking bar that serves bar food. But the bar food is fresh, well done, delicious, flavorful, not overly greasy and made with high quality ingredients. This is just about as good as bar food and burgers gets.I went to this restaurant based on a food network show and I wasn't disappointed. I ordered the Hawaiian Consolidated burger which has a pineapple reduction with Canadian bacon with a side of great fries. If there was a negative it would the folks there have an extensive array of beer but weren't able to suggest a beer to go with my meal..Burger joint out in the Bywater. Sort of off the beaten path, but the train themed bar/restaurant is a culinary gem. Street parking was easy enough to find on a Thursday afternoon. Good selection of brews on tap including multiple local varieties for those that are ethanol inclined. The booths are comfortable and extra points for repurposing old train seats. The burgers are incredibly scrumptious. I got the Central Vermont. The thick juicy burger was well seasoned and cooked medium well just as I asked. The applewood bacon was thick and crispy, not that burnt crusty abomination passing as bacon in other places. The sharp white cheddar complemented the green apple and maple sauce well. The fresh buns are soft but are sturdy enough to handle the considerable contents of the burger. My friends got the Boxcar, Kansas City Southern, and the veggie burger. They all loved their selections as well. The hand cut fries are gently salted and crispy. A great complement to the full flavors of the burger. Honesty, this is one of the best-if not THE best- burger I've had in New Orleans!Overall, this place is kind of a let down. We stopped by on a rainy Lundi Gras evening after hearing all of the hype. There was only one dude running the whole bar and taking orders, on fucking Lundi Gras. I was also unclear whether or not we were supposed to seat ourselves. However, they had just opened and I'm not one to dwell on service inconveniences, what I really care about is the food.
Unfortunately, the food was the biggest let down of all. It's probably important to state that both myself and my girlfriend are vegetarians. I also make a pretty bad ass veggie burger so my standards are basically, can you beat mine. In this capacity the Junction veggie burger falls short. Despite an appetizing description, the burger is mediocre in every way. Don't get me wrong, if you're used to a half frozen Boca burger that you drunkenly microwaved while somehow managing to fuck up putting mustard on a bun, this shit will totally blow you away. But, if you've made and consumed your fair share of from scratch, bring your own recipe burgers, this is a total let down.
On the plus side, every meat eater I know fucking loves this place. I can't speak to the  main attraction , which is a bunch of different variations on the old classic hamburger, but those who've had them always rave about Junction. The beer selection is also fantastic. 
Junction serves another intrinsically valuable purpose, which is why I hope they are here to stay, despite the mediocre veggie burgers. Say you have an aging boomer parent, in law, or other unspecified guest who still thinks Indian food "smells weird", dismisses Thai food with an off color pseudo racist joke or is just generally picky. It's a well known fact that, after a lifetime of Applebee's and Ruby Tuesday's, every boomer has a special place in their palate for the standard hamburger. They will fucking love this place. Meanwhile, the food is at worst decent and at best excellent, depending on your dietary preferences, and it's hip enough that you might run into someone who you can talk to, thus averting the need to talk to the boomer and adding an extra buffer between you and their almost constant need to complain about the service.
Another demographic which will be completely placated by Junction is the late 20s early 30s beer guy. We all know this guy, he doesn't really do anything interesting but he's really into beer. He needs to try the local breweries and see how they compare to his own home brew. However, until recently there was not, to my knowledge, a bar, pub, cafe or restaurant with a beer selection that would please said beer enthusiast. Here again Junction fills a vastly underserved niche.
So to recap, this is a great place to take a boomer or youngish nerdy beer brewer, a poor place to get a veggie burger, and in all probability, a decent place for a meat burger.The burgers are excellent! A must try for anyone looking for a good beer and a casual spot for a delicious meal in the bywater. I will be back.Hell ya!   You want to have the best burger of your life?  Come here! OMG so good!   I'm from Chicago and this was a phenomenal burger.   Off the beaten path but totally worth it.   Thanks for a great meal!I wish they allowed 3-1/2 stars because I do feel it was slightly above 3 :/ the beer selection is very IPA dominant. I had the Hawaiian burger which was tasty but nothing over the top.  They were playing raising Arizona on the tv and I can imagine they do cult classics regularly. I just wasn't thrilled by the place but it be hard to describe why without sounding like a terribly judgmental human being lolManfriend & I went half and half on two burgers. One was the Central Vermont (12$) burger & the other was the Kansas City Southern (11$) + bacon (1$). We added fries to each burger (1$/per burger). 
The CV was unique with the grilled apple & maple sauce. However, I felt that the concoction as a whole was to sweet for me. The KCS is your typical BBQ, mushrooms, onions, & cheddar burger.
Burgers appeared to be cooked medium/ well and served on a brioche roll. I don't consider myself a burger snob but I'm giving Junction two stars because I've had way better burgers elsewhere.
The fries aren't anything worth mention either. However, I did try their wings. I forgot which flavor and those were pretty delicious.Great local burger joint, better than average bar food.  Very reasonable prices and a pretty extensive beer selection.  Solid all around place.The service is so, so very terrible. It isn't the folks who're working there, they work their asses off and are super friendly, so it must be management. Hire more people! Please. Everyone will thank you! The last couple of times I've eaten there, half of us will get their meals and then the rest will get theirs when the first group is nearly finished. It sucks.
Additionally, please, lay off the salt. The wings of a person in my party last time were inedible they were so salty. The burgers, both veg and non-veg are Just. TOo. Salty. The beer selection is great, altho a bit pricey. But, overall, just hire more servers/bartenders. Until then, I won't be eating there.As other reviewers have stated, the beer selection is wonderful and the grass-fed beef hamburgers are delicious.  If you like spicy, as I do, you must try the New Mexico Rail Runner. The interior and exterior are slick, clean and fit well with the neighborhood.
The awesome beer selection, focused on craft beers from Louisiana and the USA includes Canebrake from Broussard and 40 Arpent from Arabi, which I tried and are quite tasty. 
We were there the same night as Jenny, around 8pm, and there were 3 staff working the bar, running food, and waiting tables.  Found out later there had been a hiccup at shift change, so Jenny is right, they seem to be working out the kinks.
On our second visit, last night, staffing and service were excellent. The burgers were still some of the best.  Between the two visits we tried 4 of the burgers and two of the bean burgers.  A good time, and meal, was had by all!This place has definitely grown into itself. Service is always on point, beer selection is wonderful, and burgers are always delicious. Highly recommended neighborhood stop!I've been here once before and had an awesome burger so, a couple of coworkers and I decided to go again.  This time my bun was super soggy and gross but that's not even the worst of the problems.  Whatever you do, do not bring your dog! That's where the problems began.  I have a 2 pound 5 ounce dog which I carry around in a soft side cross body carrier. When we arrived I ordered a beer and when my friend asked if we were getting a booth I mentioned the dog and that we would probably have to sit outside.  That's when the bartender started yelling and pointing at the door and saying how I couldn't be in there.  I all but had to throw my credit card at him as he continued to freak out while I went for the door.  Once back out on the sidewalk, for some reason we decided to stay (most likely because of our hunger) but, there was no place to sit.  So, I walked back through the bar to the backyard seating area (you know, like how MRB allows kids to walk through their bar so families can eat at their courtyard restaurant?)  Except, this was not like that.  My coworkers arrived carrying their beers and saying the bartender said we couldn't be out there with the dog either.  At this point we had already ordered food, so my coworker took my dog to her house around the corner.  While we were waiting for our food three people came out and looked around to make sure the dog wasn't there.  When the food arrived, coworkers fries were burnt and she asked the server if she could get some different fries.  The server said of course and went back inside.  About a minute later, the manager(?) arrived asking if everything was ok.  We said yes because we had already conferred with the server and I guess wrongly assumed that she was handling it.  Unfortunately, her micromanaging manager apparently didn't trust her to be handling it and not only questioned her abilities, but a new basket of fries never arrived. (Three employees found time to make sure the dog wasn't there, but no employees found time to make sure we got our food). Twenty minutes later, when my friend finally went inside to ask about it, they all played stupid like they knew nothing about it and begrudgingly told my friend they would put in the order.  She declined saying she didn't want them at all at this point.  The people who own the Junction also own two other establishments (Molly's at the Market and R Bar) that I refuse to patronize because of bartenders behaving badly.  It appears that their "service with a crappy attitude" business model has carried over to the Junction.  The first time I patronized the Junction, the bartender was snotty and acted put off that we were darkening her doorway and only warmed up to us when she found out we were local.  Round two was just a flat out disaster.  I complied with their wishes immediately, even though had I said nothing, I guarantee they would've never even realized there was a dog amongst them.  In the end my compliance and obviously misplaced desire to eat their food wasn't good enough because, they just wanted to bully us from that point forward. If you want to act like that, then why didn't you just ask us to leave?  You had to know this was not going to turn out in your favor. I'm a manager in the service industry and needless to say, for the first time in my life, I left a tip of "go F yourself".Amazing Hamburger and Home made fries yummo, they also have a variety of Craft Beer. Very welcoming place and friendly peoplefinally ate here.  good food, lovely staff, and friendly people.
they serve food late, so that is a big plus for those of you looking for late night grub, and the beer selection is great too.
outside seating
good jukebox
burgers
salads
fish and chips, and beyond.   great stuffs up in here.
if your looking for a new place, come into the junction, and enjoy the wings, fries and fried pickles.I came here for the burgers as I'm not much of a craft beer junky, and they didn't disappoint.  The Carolina Southern burger was great... Perfectly cooked medium with a warm toasted bun and the ranch dressing was great.  The server wouldn't let me add onions and lettuce on the side even though the menu clearly states that I should've been able to.  The Memphis Wings were a bit small but super tasty.  And then there was group next to me that kind of got screwed by a snafu with the ordering situation... They waited a long while for food...  The staff comped them the meal and drinks to remedy this situation.  In general... pull it together on the service end Junction.  I found myself wanting to order more things and not really having an opportunity to unless I flagged down the bartender.  Y'all might want to add a second server. 
   All in all, food was great, but the service side is still gaining speed. Make us more comfy Junction!
    Eaters: Have a pickled egg, they're great too.
     I'll definitely be back to try the other burgers.A friend brought me here who was raving about the black bean burgers. We walked in with drinks we from a bar we had just left, the bartender - Mick was the name on the receipt - carded us and we sat at a table. Before I could finish texting a friend to come meet us the bar tender was yelling at us about ordering drinks. We were so taken aback we decided to order food to go and leave.  If he was having a bad night, that might be one thing, but losing business because you are grumpy isn't good practice. Other patrons also seemed to be bothered by the obvious attitude. Probably won't be returning any time soon.Been here far more than just two times. I like lots of things about Junction and I'll tell you why. I like that it's great for lunch, dinner or post Chewbacchus. I like that it's spacious without feeling cold, but cozy without feeling cramped. I like their Wednesday Night Beer Flight specials for $6 (after 9pm) because you get to try 18oz of beer you normally might feel too intimidated to try solo. I love that the burgers are diverse, flavorful and juicy, and that the Angus beef is raised and farmed locally. I like the laid back bartenders/servers and their friendly demeanor. I like that it's good for groups or individuals and that I've never left unsatisfied. Junction for the win!If you like room temp beer then this is the place for you. Although the selection of beers is decent and they offer 6 oz flights, when it is not cold who cares. The boxcar burger was medium to medium well and not very large and you must pay extra for cheese and mayo...best part was the Doung Phoung bun. With so many other options for craft beers and burgers in the city I would have to say I would pass the junction any time. 
Upside is the staff are super cool tooLOVE LOVE LOVE this place. I'm making a point to try every single burger there. So far I've had the Kansas City, New Orleans, and Vermont ones....all super good! The fries are yummy steak cut and the special of the crawfish soup is utterly delicious. Wings were pretty good too. Obviously...I've eaten here a few times.... :) 
The selection of beer here is great as well and the staff there are very nice. Especially Liz who was working there last time I was there. Super funny and nice woman. 
See you guys soon!I life a few blocks form this place and love beer...alot. I was also fortunate to find out about this place on a Friday just before fleeing my workplace and facing a weekend off. Time for beers. I ended up drinking/eating here for the next three days. I give it four stars just because my liver never wants to enter this place again.
I could waste time talking about crap like the "nice decor" or "clean bathrooms" but I'd rather discuss the beer selection. It is beautiful. Fabulous! So many beers on tap I wanted to cry a little and a massive selection of bottled beer. 
In the interest of health I thought it prudent to order burgers, a different one every day for three days. The grass fed, Mississippi raised beef is excellent as is the veggie burger (best veggie burger I've had). The toppings are creative and the food is very reasonably priced.
Im not going to whine about gentrification. I love this place and will probably blow far too much money growing a beer gut as a result.Horrid service. Burger terrible. Beer selection good, but too many other places have good beer. Never will go back. The worst dining experience I've had in over a year.Angry.
Embarrassed.
Regretful.
This is how I felt upon a recent visit to Junction. 
NOTE - We had several guests visiting from out of town. Decided to walk on over to the new local spot that opened in our hood. My wife and I always gravitate to local burger joints so we wanted to give it a whirl.
Setting: Mardi Gras Evening
Location: Bywater
Timing: 8pm
Us: Hungry 6-top
Bartender? 
Waiter? 
Asshole? 
Guy behind bar serving tables and throwing hissy fits? 
I don't know who he was but any of those descriptors will do.
The male diva serving us was a dick. 
Plain and flat out... A dick.
He was so pissy it was laughable.
Not sure if he is cut out for the Hospitality Industry.
Long story short, he hated us.
He hated the table next to us.
He hates his job.
He clearly hates himself.
And he likely hates his boss.
Hey dickhead - Quit. (likely the best tip you'll get all month)
Unfortunately for us, the downward spiral had only just begun.
We found ourselves at the Junction of ShitTown and PissVille sharing a bus with this dick and the wheels were about to fall off.
Our food took over an hour to come out.
OVER AN HOUR.
To that point, the 6 top that sat next to us received their food well before we did.
They were pissed too.
Asking about our food to the waiter only brought out slamming of drinks, stomping of feet and real shitty language.
Knowing how complex burgers are to cook in a kitchen I was trying to remain patient.
First you have to slaughter a cow.
Then there is the grinding of the meat.
Shit, I asked for pickles.
Guess he had to pick a cucumber and throw it in a quick brine.
Those buns those.
Can't forget about them either.
Gotta let that dough proof for like 3 hours, right?
Shit...and the mustard. Don't let me forget that.
First soaking the seeds for hours and then grinding them up using a horse powered milling wheel (Don't think I didn't see that shit stored in the back)
When the burgers came to the table, I was amazed at how delicious they looked. 
No lie, they looked sexy.
Starving...I grabbed it without hesitation and took the biggest bite possible. 
Decent flavor but totally raw in the middle.
Like raw, raw.
Still cold raw.
I think he used a tea candle to lightly gray the exterior of the patty. 
Not just mine but all 6 of the burgers were cooked using said tea candle.
It was a sad moment.
Tried to flag down the diva to share our food concerns.
Might need 3 or 4 more candles on this burger, I said.
Initially I was curious if we would upset his fragile demeanor for sending back our burgers.
Thankfully I didn't have to wonder.
He was rather upfront with his emotions.
At this point we collectively decided to take our business elsewhere. 
We threw a $20 on the table (for the beers) and left ASAP.
Where did we go?
For pizza.
Delicious pizza (with a smile).
I would normally be more patient with poor food and subpar service but this "server" made me Angry for wasting my time.
Embarrassed for bringing my friends there.
And Regretful for leaving $20 on the table.I'll be honest- after reading some of the reviews of The Junction I was pretty hesitant about going here after a friend suggested this spot for dinner. He said he had been here before and that it was good, so I took his word for it.
We stopped in here around 9 on a Saturday night for some burgers and beers, since that is what they do here. First of all, you should know going in that you have to order at the bar. Yes, you can sit in a booth, but order at the bar. We decided to sit at the bar, mainly because I can't with the up-down every time I want something and the bar had plenty of seating.
They have a really incredible beer selection here and they give you a nice menu of beers that you can leaf through and make your decision. Even though it was a Saturday night, the place wasn't packed at all and we were served pretty quickly.
With drink in hand, I looked over the menu. My friend suggested the fried veggies to start so we went with that. I also decided to get the Central Vermont burger which is a burger topped with bacon, white cheddar, a grilled apple and maple sauce. Weird, right? Maple sauce on meat. There is a note on the menu that says that all of the burgers are cooked medium here, unless otherwise requested. They say it's because it's lean meat that comes from one single animal, so this is how it tastes best. Science! Sure, sign me up.
The food came really quickly. The fried veggies were really good and I could tell the veggies were fresh, even though they were coated in a layer of batter. Hey, fried vegetables are healthy, says I! The burger came and oooh man. This thing was packed with all kinds of goodies. The cheese did that thing that melted cheese is supposed to do when you cut through it. Like, it got all melty. I don't know the technicalities, but it did that. The burger was big and delicious and the maple sauce and apple were oddly perfect on it. The bacon was nice and crispy- just the way I like it. I really enjoyed the combination of the apple and the sauce, and the burger was just great. I couldn't even finish all of it, so I just took the other half to go. Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you that fries are a dollar extra.
All in all, my experience here was pretty tasty and I would definitely return. I wouldn't go so far as to say that The Junction has the best burger in the city, but they do have a pretty darn good one.Kind of cool to have a local burger joint, and I always enjoy my order. Best fries around in my opinion (although they charge an extra dollar for them, which I've never encountered at almost any other burger joint).  Giving it a 3 star because of how weird their substitution policies are. If I recall correctly, you can get chicken on every salad but one, and you are only allowed to remove one ingredient from any of their specialty burgers.  Maybe it's because the chef has a vision for his burgers, but I feel terrible ordering a burger with an ingredient that I'm just going to pick off and throw away.  I feel like I'm paying to waste food :(I love the laid back atmosphere in here! I tend to go during the day when it's sunny. Liz is usually working. She's a rockstar! So many awesome beers on tap but I prefer the frozen irish coffee (yay!!). Had the burger a while back and it was delicious but I've been opting for the fish and chips lately. The batter. Is it made of magic? Fries are good but unfortunately they do not taste good dipped in the frozen irish coffee. Only Wendy's bland fries are good as a vessel for frostiness. Junction fries will not be so insulted. Take note.Good late night spot. 40 beers on tap. ( love the flip book beer menu ) Good solid burgers. Will be back to try more of the menu. Wish yelp had half stars because it's really a 3 1/2 star joint. Just needs to tighten up service a littleFast service, great beer selection, great food, friendly bartender. My husband and I really enjoyed our dinner.GREAT neighborhood joint in an up and coming neighborhood. Beers and burgers... can't get better than that.  You better bring an appetite, the burgers are big and beers are plentiful (40+ different beers).  It was nice to see the local support... local beers and grass fed livestock for the beef.  We happened to be there on Thursday night for their weekly crawfish boil... AGAIN... bring an appetite.  The bartender was friendly and the place was very clean and open.  LOVED THE BAR!  We will add it to our list of local joints to escape from the French Quarter.Kind of a scary-ish neighborhood to get to, but it's worth it to get to this place! The burgers were very tasty, and all the options sounded good. As a girl who grew up in the Midwest with a freezer full of beef at all times, I know a good burger. The only downside to the experience was that when I first got my burger, it wasn't quite done enough so I sent it back to cook a little more. After that it was fine.This is really a 3.5 review--- I'm a HUGE fan of 13 (I eat it 3-4 times per week),  so I had to try this place. I read all the reviews below mine before I ordered tonight (Saturday at 6pm). Since it looked like the general consensus is "the food is great and the service could be better", we decided our first experience would be getting takeout. We called and spoke with a super nice guy named Vince. We ordered the following: 
*Buffalo wings w/ ranch 
*Fried pickles w/ ranch 
*New Orleans burger 
*A "Make your own" burger with white cheddar, bacon, and remoulade. 
Total = $31 (without added tip) 
-The wing "sauce" was great- really great. The wings themselves were pretty small and dry, but tasty. I wanted more sauce. I have to say I really hated their choice of ranch dressing. It was herby but watery. I want something creamier to offset the spicy wings, and this ranch didn't do it. 
-The fried pickles were nice, not spectacular but decent. I like Fiorella's better, but these are a bit thicker and didn't really have much of a taste other than "fried"...and again I wasn't a fan of the ranch. For $4? I'll try them again. Good bar munchies I suppose. A sprinkle of any spice or cheese would bring these up a notch, especially if they were served with a better sauce -- maybe a marinara or 13's awesome sriracha-ranch? 
-The fries were cut and cooked beautifully but very bland-- no taste or seasoning whatsoever. They could really use a sprinkle of Parmesan or salt. I don't think I'd get them again unless I was realllly hungry. 
- The NOLA burger -- it says "greens" on the menu and I kind of expected cooked greens which would've been interesting, instead of raw lettuce/arugula --- but it was a nice surprise actually, and I liked it. The burger was cooked great. Loved the bun. Loved the fried green tomato. The tinge of bitterness of the green tomato was pretty awesome. The whole thing was too big for my mouth, but I don't think too many folks would complain about that :) 
-The "Make Your Own" burger was made well but really lacked in toppings. We asked for bacon, cheese, and remoulade. The bacon was GREAT but the burger was so big that the 2 pieces of bacon didn't last for even half the burger bites. There was barely any cheese at all, and the remoulade tasted more like a creole mustard.  My partner would've liked it better if it had enough cheese to taste the cheese, or if it was a bit flatter burger.... But she's much pickier than I am lol  
Kudos to the chef on a perfect medium cook temp for both burgers :) 
Anyway... We'll be back. It doesn't replace Yo Mama's for me, and it definitely doesn't replace my love for the "13" menu, but then again, it's not meant to :) I'm happy Junction is in my hood...minus the bajillion + one hipsters there eating when I picked up my food-- I bet they sell a lot of PBR lol...  Looking forward to trying the excellent great draft selection!Black bean burger was really great for a vegetarian option. My husband also had the Hawaiian consolidate. It was heavy and juicy for a someone who's hungry. Super chill bar atmosphere for a laid back meal.I've eaten at Junction twice and really liked it. My burger has been cooked to order just right each time, and my husband was happy to get a perfectly rare one, which doesn't happen often. The bun is terrific, and holds up to the last bite without getting mushy and falling apart like lesser buns vs. juicy burgers. The fried pickles were good, and I liked the house-made sauce that came with it.
The one thing I'd change is the fries. They are serviceable and cooked all the way through, but not crispy. Their burger deserves better, crispier fries!Came here for lunch and tried the New Mexico Rail Runner burger and my coworker had the City of New Orleans burger and both were so juicy and delish! Loved the bun and the fresh cut friend.  The service was fantastic and will definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu.A friend in the neighborhood suggested we go here for lunch. I had one of their specialty burgers and fries. This place was pretty cool. It would be a good place to go for dinner, cause all the beers looked great! But I didn't feel like drinking at lunch time. Apparently everyone else was drinking though. I had no complaints other than they put too much salt on the fries. I recommend Junction if you're in the area.Stopped by to grab a bite with friends. This business is along St. Claude, and if you're not from NOLA you'll miss it because it looks like a house, rather than a business. It's very clean inside, with a bar area as well as booth seating for large parties. 
The food is very filling. We sampled the fried veggie basket, the Tijuana wings (if you like dry rub) as well as the fried pickles. All of it, solid. 
The burgers and the fries were amazing. The fries were these really huge, hand cut potatoes. The burger tasted homemade, just like my grandmother used to make. Honestly it didn't look like a lot, but NOT ONE of us (out of 4) finished our food. We all had to-go containers. 
Great choice.Wow! Let's start with the beer selection. Pretty awesome! I was able to have a Goose Island Bourbon County Stout before they ran out. Great mix of local and national breweries. 40 on tap plus a ton more bottles and cans. Outstanding selection. Ok, now for the food. Tijuana wings are delicious! Loved the lemon pepper seasoning and  the Caesar Salad dressing for dipping! I've been there several times. I've tried the Central Vermont Burger, the Kansas City Southern, and the city of New Orleans. All were great, but if I had to choose a favorite I'd go with the Central Vermont. The bartenders I've encountered are all super cool. I wish I lived closer!!I love the staff, the fried veggies, the Cobb salad, the hooks for my purse under the bar, and of course the beer selection.Welcome to Salt Burger! 
A friend recommended that I grab a burger & a beer here.  Maybe I overestimated the depth or sincerity of our friendship, or maybe the cook was having some sort of personal crisis that affected the quality of their work, or maybe it was just dumb luck but my food was awful.
Pros:
Fried Pickles - these are excellent
Beer Selection - the menu is extensive and impressive 
Jukebox - eclectic and fun, patrons were driving an interesting vibe with their selections
Service - our luxuriously bearded waiter was attentive and quick
Cons:
Hamburgers - ours were SALTED to death - awful
Fries - like the burger, SALTED to death - awful
Beer Prices - comparable to any hipster joint in Brooklyn - I am not so sure that fits the New Orleans, Bywater area. It seems a bit of a "D*ck move" to price out the neighbors.So, this is my first yelp review. My experience at Junction was so radical, off the map, soul deep amazing that damn-it-all I need to make myself an account, just to write this review.
Okay okay. Let me just start out by saying that I do not identify as a vegan; however, for the past 5 years, that's the diet I tend towards.  That said, I got a burger after a dump load of recommendations. While eating it, I could taste the love and happiness going into it.   Before even realizing anything had happened, I had woofed down the whole burger.   I downed that thing so fast. Folks next to me even commended me for my swift burger eating pace. Cool, well, Kansas City was my jam! Those mushrooms and onions omgosh mmmmm! 
Also, it's always getting late for me, so I can't write too much more...although I feel like I could go on forever about this spot. Their beer selection is like nothing I have ever seen but have always desperately wanted in New Orleans! Yay! And it's right down the street from me. 
They got this really nice vibe going. I encourage everyone to go and dig it! :-/)Omg what a gem. That burger was so good!  The bun is so delicious!  And the mushrooms and onions on the Kansas City (I think that's the name) were savory and so tender.  The Memphis wings were extremely delicious as well. 
I went at lunch time and it was pretty quiet at first but then there was a nice little crowd.  There was only one waiter but he was pretty cool. Definitely a large beer collection but i had to go to work so I didn't dabble.I loved the vibe in this place! It was so chill. The bartender/ waiter (not sure if he was actually the owner also) was so nice, and ready to explain anything. I had the Hawaiian burger, fries and fried pickles. Everything was so delicious. I couldn't finish the burger because it was rather large. Each item had its own unique flavor from the typical expected flavors. 
Also if you are a beer lover, this might be your place! I'm not into beer, but wanted to try so many. Too bad I was eating in the middle of the day, and had to go get my babies.Ate there after seeing them featured on the food network and they did not disappoint. The beer was great, food was great. I loved he casual atmosphere and the bartender was very helpful. Will definitely be back there againSteve the Bartender, Server and all around good guy takes care of all his Patrons to the fullest.  Junction is a very nice place that you wouldn't know from the outside.  Next time your in the Bywater area stop in and give them a try.The burgers are pretty darn good and they stay open late. They have a good selection of beers and the service is A-1. It's definitely worth a shot if you're in this part of townReally enjoyed the craft beer selection on draft, and laid back atmosphere at Junction!   Not only were there a lot of beers to choose from, but also a great focus on local brews!
The waiter was very knowledgable about vegan items on the menu, but sadly it only consisted of the veggie burger without the bun, and fries.  I would definitely return often if Junction offered a vegan bun for the burger!I get take out from Junction all the time. Both myself (pescatarian) and my boyfriend (carnivore) have things on the menu we really like.  They seasonally have a crawfish burger which I dream about sometimes it is so good. I also really like their veggie burger.  
The staff is nice and the take out is pretty fast. The messed up my order once and they felt bad about it and the bartender offered to buy me a beer to apologize. 
A great place for a burger in the neighborhood.A nice place but small. Very good beer selection, food was OK, and service was polite but slow. They make an ice cream with beer infused which was good, but maybe not worth it unless you really want ice cream. I tried it more for the novelty.Great burgers and amazing draft beer selection. Good neighborhood bar. I'd definitely go back for food and drinks.Food was good. Good selection of beers. But not very open to letting you taste and suggestions. Been there a few times.. the patrons, bartenders and cooks have been hit or miss....Pretty good big little burgers here. Add fries for $1? Sure thing. Really, the burgers are pretty awesome. Oh, if you like beer, even better. They've got 40 mostly local-ish brews on tap. Could have sworn I reviewed this place before since I've been coming here since they opened. Bring your appetite and come for a couple brews.This place is a-ok in my book in the drink department...just skip the burgers. They have an AHHHHHH-mazing beer selection (and a cool flip book to tell ya' about the beers), and EXCELLENT FROZEN IRISH COFFEE and HOT IRISH COFFEE. Like I'm not even kidding, I'd go drink it everyday. 
My only beef is that I don't care for the taste of their "LA grass-fed" burgers. Get it?!;) I've never had one I liked. They have great other stuff...I always get the veggie basket or the beet salad. 
Overall, there are too many other good burgers in the city, but I love junction for neighborhood drinks!Kansas City BBQ burger is bomb! I've been coming here for lunch on a regular basis and have not been disappointed. Juicy, medium cooked burger with some great toppings. Also, the fries have just the right amount of salt and always come to the table fresh out of the fryer.Great Burgers and nice beer selection. My husband and I stopped by on the second night Junction was open for burgers and beers. We had a New Mexico burger, a New Orleans burger, and beers recommended by the bartender (Paul?). Both burgers were very tasty and juicy. I preferred the New Mexico just because I like spicier things. Best of all they were cooked to order in a world where most restaurants seem afraid to deliver anything other than "medium well." Bartender's beer  recommendations were spot on and they have a wide selection of beers.  Been back many times since and the burgers are always good, though the service can be a bit spotty. Seems like they are shorthanded on the wait staff but they are very friendly.Not so much a gem, as I had read, and anticipated. okay food, ok service... kinda expensive for a burger that's suggested to be cooked medium and comes out medium-well. fries are mediocre. Will say, the beer selection is good... everything else I'd give a solid: mehh.Great burgers, fries, wings, and surprisingly awesome salads. I usually get the cob salad and it's huge. I'm a carnivore and this satisfies my stomach hole cravings (it has plenty of chicken.) Great beer selection and awesome bartenders keep me coming back.The KC burger is fantastic! Mixed with a well stocked tab list, this is becoming one of our favorite spots in the city. If you want a good BBQ burger with a chill atmosphere, this is the spot.Nice bar tender. Great selection of craft beers. Nice music in the background very relaxing atmosphere. Food is pretty tasty. Had a boxcar burger and hand cut fries.Cute bar with great burgers but pass on the wings menu says Jumbo Whole Wings and  instead you get these tiny flats and drumettes parts not even small whole wings for $9 so if u go pass on the wings and just get burgersThis bar was recommended to me by someone who lives in the area. My boyfriend and I walked up to the bar. Waited around 10-15 minutes. No one greeted us. No one came around to take our order or walked over to our end.  Tried to make contact with the bartender or see if someone else was assisting with drink and food orders. Nothing. I was surprised because of all the great reviews, and it wasn't really a busy night. Oh well. Had a great time at another bar close by.40 beers on tap and they had my fav, Kingfish! The building was recently gutted and remodeled. It was very clean and does NOT smell like an old ashtray which was nice and hard to find in Nola. I didn't try the food just the beer but it was enough. I'll be back for sure. It's also a pet friendly bar but ask before you pet...learning experience.One of my favorite bars in Nola. Solid local beer selection and great food. Some of the best burgers I have ever had. Also a good place for when you actually want to be able to talk to any enjoy your company. I'm a big fan of this place.This bar definitely sticks out on St. Claude. It reminds me more of Seattle or Minneapolis type joint, with sterile interior and the plethora of microbrews. I would hold that against it though. Stopped in for the crayfish boil and left happy. They confused our orders a couple times and forgot a few appetizers but all the employees were very friendly and helpful. Crayfish was done right and a very fair price. My buddy had a burger and swore by it.
Outdoor seating was nice but limited. 
Good joint to pig out in a more yuppie atmosphere.Great place good service would recommend to get good bar food and friendly people lots of beer very clean ordered the fish and chip wonderful bartender when took car of my last beer will be backMy experience at the Junction was incredibly unpleasant. I had been in the past and was very satisfied. So I decided to take a group of visitors from out of state. Unfortunately the waiter was incredibly rude and hostile. He brought the wrong order and agreed that it was the wrong order and then was insulting in front of my compOk burger joint that has a nice selection of beers and just ok burgers. I ordered mine rare and came out over cooked. I had the Kansas City Southern and it wasn't that great just Kraft bbq sauce on a ho-hum burger. Service is not great as the barmaid waits tables, busses, slings the food.