In a quickly gentrifying neighborhood full of small plate bullshit, Kebab comes as a breath of fresh air. Hungry and a little inebriated after a Saints' win on a Sunday and mulling over what to eat, my s.o. and I decided on Kebab.
The menu comes simple; usually a pork option, a chicken, and then a falafel which can be made vegan or just vegetarian. I'm a huge falafel fan so I ordered the falafel and the s.o. ordered the gyro. The kebabs come on a flat baked bread, which I actually prefer to a pita since they can hold up to all the dressings. My falafel came with a nice heaping portion of arugula, beets, hummus, and tzatziki. The falafel didn't taste fried and had lots of flavor, so I like to think that my meal here was healthy. I think I'll probably be ordering a meat option next time because I couldn't help myself from stealing bites of the gyro kebab which was covered in a cilantro sauce. We also ordered a side order of fries, which were okay. They're thick cut fries that don't have that much crunch to them, but they do come with an addicting garlic aioli. Both the meat option and the falafel tasted extremely fresh, yet filling. 
I'm hoping that they get to expand their hours soon to include weekdays, because I'm a huge fan and am loving the new affordable dining option.Reaching down deep to offer a 3 star review. I can only do so because the staff was super friendly and made the visit a pleasant experience. I ordered a gyro and the only thing that resembled a traditional gyro was the name. Now, this is a nice/high quality sandwich with a lot of flavor, but leaves something to be desired when you're expecting that wonderful beef/lamb combo and are met with oddly pressed sliced pork. The food is not at all the traditional style of Greek, so it seems a bit of false advertisement- afterall, ciabatta is Italian. This place would be much better served if they changed their marketing/branding and didn't offer something that gives their customers such strong expectations for actual Greek food or kabab. If you love sandwiched you will love this spot. If you love traditional gyros and kebabs you may want to look elsewhere.The sauces are all very delicious they make the meal. Place is cute service is fast and falafels are tastyI absolutely love this place! Back when I used to eat carbs on the regular, their sandwiches were a staple in my diet.  Now, I turn to their Green Salad and add chicken (perfectly marinated and seasoned).  It's pretty affordable - a large usually lasts me two meals.  And that turmeric dressing is to die for!  Check them out if you're in the area - definitely worth it.  Ooo, and I love the pinball games lining the place!Saw many a friend check in here so I ventured to this spot one afternoon hoping for the best. I checked in and got some free mint tea which was a plus. I decided to order the Doner Kebab and for the most part it was good. The spicy hot sauce they gave me was a plus but the meat was a tad bit dried out. I'd honestly eat their bread just by itself because it's so delicious. I'll be back again to give it a second try because that's just how I roll in life.I have had two mediocre experiences here so far.  I don't understand all the hype so far.  
I think I made a mistake tonight and got the Doner sandwich (made with chicken). After I ordered it, I noticed the chicken rotisserie stick was down towards the end and looked really dry...and voila when I got my sandwich, the chicken was very dry and lacking flavor and consisted of a bunch of smaller pieces of meat.  I did like the bread and it was hot and fresh, but I wish I had ordered the gyro sandwich because the meat looked way fresher and juicier while it roasted on the big skewer.  
I will try this place one more time before giving up. Sorry kebab, but maybe I just keep hitting you at the wrong time.This is place is amazing. As a vegetarian, is makes my choice of dish pretty obvious (falafel) but I love it every time. A ton of the stuff is made in-house (like the soda) which is really cool. Plus, with super-reasonable prices and a relaxed atmosphere, it is an awesome place to be.4/5 solid!
the buzz drew me in and I'm glad that it did. They ran out of the lamb special, but being awesome people, they gave me the last bits in a little sauce container as a consolation (it was savory and tender and my mouth just started to water again...). went with the pork and some fries and couscous, because a little wine made me think I was hungrier than I was, all to go. Well, I started munching on the fries on the way home...whoa. Bacon fat does wonders y'all! I had a Paula moment.
The actual gyro sandwich - so, so tasty. each part had a unique and bold flavor, and they all kinda hung out at the cool kids' table in my mouth. that bread was the big surprise - I'd totally buy that from them on it's own. Like pillows! 
only reservations were that it took a bit for my order to come out, but it was after a couple other orders so I understand. i wasn't wowed by the couscous, so I'll probably pass on that in the future (unless it's covered in lamb).
Will be back, probably my new fave food along st. claude!this place is great! The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and it's not expensive. To find out how they make their bread is my next goal in life.I mean... These fries are stupid good! 
Garlic aioli, coconut milk habanero sauce, and homemade ketchup. A sauce lovers heaven!
Ate here both days in New Orleans. Gyro is a little better than the chicken doner, but both are phenomenal. 
Try the homemade passion fruit soda. 
I can't rave about this place enough!This place is legit. My Arab wife says they have the best humus in New Orleans and I got the special of the day, which was a lamb pastrami with caraway sauerkraut, sandwich. I've eaten a lot of Mediterranean and Arabic food and this was the best thing in between a pita I've ever eaten in my life. It had two sauces and these little delectable pickle slices  that melded with the lamb so perfectly that it was like a culinary symphony in my mouth. Afterwards I told the chef how much I loved it and he was really super nice and told me how every single thing in that sandwich, including the sauces and the pickles were made from scratch inhouse. I begged him to put it on the regular menu. I will dream of that sandwich for years to come.A bit out of the way for me, but worth the drive. The location makes me not want to hang around after dark but the food makes up for it! The doner kebab and fries are what dreams are made of.Love this place! Quick, simple, affordable and really delicious food. The only reason I didn't give them five stars is I was disappointed with the hummus. The falafel, bread, pork and everything else is so yummy that to get the some what bland hummus was a total bummer. I've never dined in, always taken out, but they are always crowded with lots of people. Great location that makes them super easy and accessible from the Marigny or Bywater. Will continue to enjoy their kebabs and recommend to anyone!I live about 4 blocks away and eat here 3 to 5 times a week and never get tired if it. Fresh and delicious every time. Gyro or Donner suggested, the fries are a must try with their homemade ketchup and mayo! And then enjoy a game if pinball after.I love some kebabs and I was excited the website said they were planning lamb roasts every Sunday.  The chicken and falafel sandwiches are alright but the lamb pastrami is the best thing I've had here.  I could tell that they really take some time to use some quality ingredients in a lot of what they prepare but they still have a lot of kinks to work out.  One of their unique offerings is the young coconut they pop open for you to drink.  
Areas that could use some improvement:
They didn't have any self-serve ice next to the drinks so that was a bit of a challenge.  They also got my tables order confused with a to go order so that caused a bit of mix up so they need to develop a better order system.  Something got burned and caused a really bad burned odor and fumes; so accidents happen but maybe a better venting system over the oven could help it from being so overwhelming a sensation when they do.  
The website is a bit confusing with the hours listing being Friday-Monday  3PM-12AM and 3PM-12PM in different locations on the site so that needs to be cleaned up to fix the AM/PM confusion.  The environment was also a bit confused inside with half art gallery and half restaurant and I  don't think the art gallery did much for me other than limit my seating options.  The crowd consisted of a lot of really dirty unwashed gutter punks and other Bywater hipster types that gave off quite a bit of unpleasant body odor so just be prepared for the possibility that if enough of them are there you might want to just get a to-go order to avoid their retched stench.  I think the Bywater restaurants might want to start posting signs that say, "No shower no service!"  
50 cent surcharge for using credit cards!  I completely understand how credit cards abuse business owners with their fees but you should at least post a sign stating that policy instead of telling folks after the fact or NOT telling them at all!
The specials board is very badly placed way over to the left where nobody will see it unless they know to look way over to the left above the drinks.  You need the specials right underneath the register where folks can see them as they are approaching to order so they know they are there and really you should hang a board above the register.
Overall there are just a whole lot of other Middle Eastern and Greek restaurants that have better food to me at this point in the city but I certainly see this joint has some potential if they get their act together as they are the only restaurant of this genre in the Bywater.  So I'm just going to wait and see what develops but I'm still going to go back to try the roast lamb and get another coconut.Loved this place! The fresh coconut drink was so good, and the gyro sandwich was quite delicious. I can't wait to try the other sandwiches they offer.I'll just go against the person who is angry that they open at 3 and say 'Boy Im glad they were open at 3.'
Three is a really pleasant time to open; you get to have a nice cup of coffee, maybe make an omelets then walk the dog before work, maybe you just get to lay in bed with a companion for awhile talking about what's on your mind before heading to work to start prepping the Kebab. OK, I'll just say it, you can have lots of sex in the morning to then, and even some at noon...is that so wrong?
Im sure in New York kebab places are open 24 hours, and at 7 AM the Kebab workers don't even have time to wipe last nights grease out of their ears before hauling themselves back to their Kebab place and working 11 hours kebabing to make sure kebabs are always available in the city that never stops, but that's no way to live. Kebabs are awesome, but so is non Kebab time.
I went in at 3:40 and it all seemed normal to me.
Yeah, there may be people from the neighborhood that others who review don't believe have a right to eat in a restaurant because they are dirty, but that's why the American's invented the Garden District, so they could cloister themselves up there rather than deal with the poorer immigrants. If you don't like it you can do the same.
Anyway, I seem to just reviewing other reviewers who got my goat (yum, goat Kebabs, remind me to be angry they don't have them) thereby saving everybody the time to hit the 'useful' button.
PS the kebab platters were both awesome, fair deal and whoever is the genius who came up with the odd pricing that turned out to make everything cost a neat number; you are a genius. The location is a historical landmark as it was once the best 2 AM poboy in the entire city. And a delicious quick cheap takeout place in that areanot in a bar? totally perfect
(the togo little plates were hard to deal with, sorry, that's my only complaint)Love this spot. It's definitely has its own spin on a kebab but it's awesome. Some of the best falafel in the city.I literally initially ordered food from here without looking at a menu, based off of my friends insistence that I had to get the gyro. I had no idea what was gonna come when I ordered it, but it was amazing. I'm pretty sure I don't normally eat half of what was on it but I'm glad I didn't get all picky and just dove into it. I'm hooked. It's my happy place and I can't stay away from it. If I were on a desert island with one meal for life, it would be my choice without hesitation! The Belgian fries are the best fries I have ever had and house made ketchup and aioli is to die for. Ask for the habanero yogurt sauce too! 
They see me once a week and I happily shell out the cash and 20% tip and play pinball on the stellar selection of old machines while I wait patiently for my little piece of heaven.I love this place and eat there 2-3 times per month.  Sometimes the portions can vary but even when they are on the light side its still a good deal.  The  habenero sauce they make is too good and they probably have the best fries I've ever eaten.I tried this place for the first time last year. My husband had ordered me a falafel sandwich and brought it to me at work. The next time I tried it we were coming home from and event and went in to order to go. They messed up my order after waiting 30 minutes and had to wait 15 more minutes for it to be fixed. I started eating the Belgium fries in the car not so good and ate the sandwich at home. The problem with this place is it is not consistent. Last time it was so good and this time I didnt even eat all of it.Kebab saved my life this past weekend. After a weekend of quite the amount of booze intake (courtesy of the NBA All-Star weekend/Mardi Gras coinciding), I was in desperate need of something delicious and hearty on Sunday afternoon. I pass by Kebab all the time and decided to finally try it out after perusing the menu. It sounded interesting enough and we had heard a lot of people rave about it. We placed an order for pick-up (although we now know they deliver to our house), and it was ready within 20 minutes. I came a few minutes early and since my order wasn't ready, I played pinball on some of the vintage machines they have in the restaurant. 
We ordered 2 Gyro Kebab's and an order of large fries. The total came out to around $30 bucks which isn't too bad these days for a meal for 2 on St. Claude. At first when I opened the box, I was surprised to see that it was on a Ciabatta looking bread instead of a Pita. Then I took a bite and was pleasantly surprised! The bread was like a fluffy delicious pillow and each bite was was full of bold flavor. I got my Gyro with feta (which is a must) and my girlfriend got hers with extra beets (holy smokes, I didn't know I could ever like beets so much). I read some other reviews about how they felt like the sandwiches were too bready and not filing enough, but ours were so hearty, that we could only finish half of our sandwiches. The fries were okay (not out of this world) but the garlic aioli and housemade ketchup were killer. Seriously, I want that garlic aioli on basically everything I eat. 
All in all, I will definitely be eating Kebab again soon in the near hungover future.Great food and fun classic pinball machines to play on. I tried the chicken kebab, hummus and wagyu. Especially liked the falafel. Apparently they make their own unique sodas...I highly recommend the doner kebab and Belgian fries. I had a doner in Germany and this one closely resembled the one I had their in sight and taste. The fries were absolutely amazing along with the sauces.Amazingggggg!!! Came in for a small lunch expecting it to be good but it was even better then we could have imagined. We got the falafel sandwich and a side of hummus and bread. Both were so tasty! One of the better falafel sandwiches Ive ever had. The bread they use is fresh and the falafel crispy and don't even get me started on the garlic aioli!I love Kebab! Their falafel is the best I've ever had. I love the bread they serve their sandwiches on. The hummus is delicious. Everything I've ever ordered at Kebab has been excellent. It is interesting, authentic and affordable. Any time friends or family ask me to suggest a place to meet for dinner, I always begin by suggesting Kebab. I also love their changing art displays as well as the vintage pinball machines . Great place overall. I highly recommend it .I soooo love this place...always get the same thing...Chicken Döner sandwich & a Beet Citrus soda!!!
And the nicest staff EVER!!This place is so dang good. I would highly recommend it. Apart from the delicious food, the atmosphere is wonderfully relaxed and they are even open late. I'd add this to the top of your Nola eats priority list.Ok, this is a great night get away with good sandwiches. 
I personally like HOT sandwiches THESE ARE NOT MEANT to be this way .... I found them to be delicious!!! Very personable staff.... With a hands on owner!!!  
 I think it's a real comfort food . A place visitors should try & locals to call a second homeBest doner ever ...wonderfully juicy, garlicky, fresh, delicious bread ...simply a must eat ...nice filing size too.Kebab is good
Pork is moist
Chicken is spiced so nicely
Bread is killer
Sammies come out fresh looking and fresh tasting
Service is super low key
Hot sauce is amazingGreat delivery time and really fresh. 
It's a nice change of pace from the NOLA normal.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THE BELGIAN FRIES !
Welcome to the neighborhood!I love the hummus plate and all of their sandwiches.  Only down side is they can be really slow. I suggest calling ahead to orderNot your typical hole-in-the-wall restaurant. Very creative, unique and tasty food. Generous portions. Their French fries are amazing, with unique sauces for dipping.Service without a smile. The staff's demeanor creates a vibe reminiscent of Walmart. This last visit I had falafel and "gumbo". The falafel was not very good and the gumbo wasn't really gumbo, more of a chicken soup, which tasted pretty decent actually. I'm not an expert in falafel but I eat it a couple times a month. The texture was off on this one: very hard on the teeth, semi-burnt crust and very dense interior; not very satisfying to eat. I don't like writing less than positive reviews but it seems like no one cares here, so I don't either.The most interesting thing about Kebab is how perfectly its identity matches its customers: it is a stripped down restaurant whose unreasonable prices are justified by the fact that its food is locally sourced and unfathomably delicious.  Its customers appear to be disheveled artists prone to making irresponsible financial decisions in the name of aesthetics and social conscience.  A match made in Heaven!  
Well, the food truly is amazing, though I'm puzzled by how the pricing and quality befit a formal dining experience, while the presentation clearly says it is meant to be treated as a casual food store by those too lazy to cook their own meals.  Who has the money to live like this?  And what percentage of their monthly income do they spend in restaurants?  These must be the hipsters I keep hearing so much about.  At the end of the day, Kebab is great and I would definitely recommend eating there the next time you're in the mood to spend over $9 on a sandwich with no sides.  Whether you make this a lifestyle or not I suppose is up to you.I love this place and if they had better hours (they're only open Friday thru Monday) Id eat here two or three times a week. This place is a fresh take on the gyro shack and the Belgian fries are the better than nearly anything else in the hood Plus you can order several speciality house made sauces for dipping in addition to the fries I always get the Doner Kebob w chicken it comes in homemade bread w gorgeous spicy sauces is that horseradish I don't know but I'm addicted plus they deliver and they sell a great selection of beers including a few delicious IPA's 
And.... the boys & girls working there all seem to love their boss (I met him once and he so charming) and it seems their jobs!!!Ive never had a bad experience and the food is consistent and well priced !!! Great job Kebab love you guys!!!!!We've been fortunate in our travels across Europe to sample some really great kebabs, but haven't had the same luck traveling in the US...until we happened upon this place on Saint Claude. We tried several items from their menu including the pork gyro kebab with pickled cucumbers, the falafel with hummus and the authentic double-fried Belgian fries. We enjoyed everything!Yum. 
I got Kebab delivered to my house last weekend. That's exciting in itself because I live in St Roch and Dominos is like the only place that comes here. Anyway, it was really good. 
The guy who took my order was v friendly, and in about an hour an equally friendly bike delivery lady dropped off my food. I got the gyro and some fries. The aioli for the fries had a nice garlicky tang, and I liked that the potatoes were thick cut. I'm still undecided on the bacon fat (which they're fried in -- mention if you're veg and you can get some fried in another oil). It imparts a pretty strong flavor....at times it made the fries almost overwhelmingly rich. Idk they were still pretty damn good. Maybe I just needed a smaller portion, hah. 
The gyro has tons of condiments - and I love condiments. It has a nice fresh flavor and lots of herbs. I loved the charred edges of the sliced pork.... The bread was good, too. I might actually prefer a slightly smaller sandwich (lengthwise) where the pork was piled higher, though. It wasn't my ideal bread to pork ratio at times. 
Not sure what it's like in their physical location, but the food is a great value and I will definitely call again. (If they keep delivering to me -- incidentally my house is less than a block south of Claiborne and they said it's the delivery person's discretion *shrug*)."This is one of the few places I've found so far that meet my expectations about what a proper döner joint should offer: consistent bread, garlic sauce with the right kick and perfectly seasoned meat. PERIOD."
- Sean Spicer 
Really, these guys are doing a great job. Will definitely visit again on my next Nola trip. Keep up the good work!!love this place.   but today was a miss.
wah.
I got an order to go and the meat was jerky.  tiny scraps of tough dry meat wrapped in panini.  WTH?
no no no no
go back to your original ways.
too much bread.   way too much bread.   
I won't give up on you tho.   but I will bitch about that miss.
take the time to throw your jerky away and serve the original goodness that I am so used to.
and always get the coconut hot sauce.  thats  the bomb.Good, solid, hearty sandwich for the price.  They are making their own bread, which is a nice touch.  Ingredients are fresh and bright- well seasoned food.  I wish they had lamb all the time, but otherwise, a great affordable option for lunch or dinner.  No booze, but its byob and they do have some nice homemade non alcoholic beverages.My favorite kebab shop! Every time I'm in the area, I make sure I stop by to support this local run place. 
Now understand that kebabs aren't chunks of meat on a stick. These are Mideastern style kebab meaning of the gyro (beef/lamb) and doner (chicken) persuasion. I absolutely LOVE that they make their own sauces, to include ketchup (don't expect that overly sweet bottled stuff here). 
Now although the sandwiches are quite enough on their own, no visit is complete without a small order of fries. Look, if you come into this shop and don't get the fries, you're really doing yourself a disservice. Make sure to arrive hungry and with friends!
If that wasn't enough, try out the young coconut water (in the coconut) with some rum poured over. Soooo much yum. Just do it. Don't look at me funny. Order all the things.  You can thank me later.The Doner Kebab is dank! It has a great spicy mustard kick. Their falafel is pretty solid as well. I'm a big fan of the salad (beware: it has a lot of beets). They deliver which is always a plus and are pretty timely to boot.Been here a few times because it's been raved about, but it just hasn't clicked for me. Got the lamb special and the meat was so grisly it was almost unchewable. Had a bunch of random toppings on it, seemingly to bury the protein. It was also way way overpriced, as in $13 and it comes alone. Have had the pork sandwich, it was tender but way underseasoned and honestly fairly boring. The chicken I found pretty good. Sliced rotisserie chicken thigh was well seasoned, nicely balanced homemade mustard and mayo, good all around. All sandwiches are served in the same bread, an excellent herbed roll. Falafel is also good but not the best around, the thickness of the homemade bread makes it a bit texturally one note and I think in this regard falafel will always fare better in a softer, thinner flatbread.
Then there are the fries. The lard fries are excellent, the vegan fries are excellent. Deep golden brown, crispy all over and tender inside. Everything comes with house made sauce and this is a good thing, although I tend to yearn for the standard Heinz.
In the end, great effort is put toward making things from scratch, but more should be directed toward doing proteins well and balancing the menu.Simple, no frills menu. Really good stuff! Between the two sandwich choices, I preferred the doner (chicken).  The Belgian fries with the aioli were spot on, and fried to crispy perfection. Reasonably priced (I hope this stays that way).  Check em out!Delicious and for my waistline dangerously close to my house!
Great for a quick lunch or a casual dinner with friends. Menu has both vegetarian and meat options plus some of the most delicious Belgian Fries I've ever stuffed my face with! 
The Gyro is my absolute favorite, it is jammed with savory local pasture raised pork, pickled cucumbers, cabbage and red onions. All placed inside a fresh baked bread and covered in the most mouthwatering tzatiki and skhug sauce EVER! Seriously, each bite of this sandwich will make you smile bigger and bigger. 
With the exception of the wonderfully crunchy and delicious Belgian Fries I've not tried the rest of the sides but I will be back form them. 
They don't have a bar but they do serve beer, wine and cider. 
Plus they have some sweet classic pinball machines in the back and the newly painted facade looks great!I'm not gonna lie, the food and service were a lot better when the place first opened, but that's saying something considering it's still some of the best food in New Orleans. I'm a stickler for good service (since I work in the industry myself), and it can suck sometimes here. But honestly it's so worth it this food is so f*cking good. 
Doner Kebab -- to die
FRIES -- OMG
AOILI -- YUM
Plus they'll deliver fresh coconut water in the dang coconut to ur house it's amazingI love finding places off the beaten path and then they turn out to be delicious!
I was in the mood for something of the Mediterranean variety, and Kebab had been on my list for a while, so I stopped in here while in the area. The setup is easy: order at the counter and wait for them to bring you your food. Everything on the menu sounded so amazing, but we decided to start with some Belgian fries and I got the portabello mushroom veggie sandwich.
The Belgian fries were great! I'm not sure what makes them different from regular old French fries, but they were salty and definitely a great start to the meal. Then out came my sandwich. Whoa! There's a lot to take in here. First of all, the sandwich is HUGE! It's packed to the brim with mushrooms, greens, beets, pickles, red onions and topped with feta, garlic and turmeric dressing. For $8.50, this might be one of the best sandwich deals in town. The sandwich was full of flavor and the turmeric dressing added a nice little touch to it. I can't put my finger on it what the taste reminded me of, but it was great. I also liked that they were super generous with the feta. The juices from the whole thing soaked nicely into the bread, but the bread is such that it's integrity stayed in tact.
The menu is pretty limited, but if the rest of their offerings are anything like this portabello sandwich, then I will definitely be trying some of their other stuff. This is one of those places that makes me wish I lived in the neighborhood. I would love to drive down and grab one of these sandwiches for lunch or dinner on a regular basis.Good meat, I had the Gyro Kebab Sandwich, delicious bread, & divine sauces.. The Skhug is my favorite, a spicy cilantro purée.  Belgian fries and quite good, but I really enjoyed the beet fries, spiced just right w/ a little coarse salt.  The menu is simple and not everything is available yet, they just opened.  The drink offerings are limited, but they do offer wine service for a few bucks.  Great eats for takeout or just before going out for the evening. *edit* They are now open for lunch and are expanding hours soon.  The Doner Kebab has become my favorite along with the house salad and the hummus..! Adding that Sixth STAR!!This place is awesome! The fries are hands down amazing. The falafel is awesome hands down best I have had. delivery is super prompt; only downside is if you want a something not on an item you have to stress the fact.I am not a pork fan, but I tried the pork gyro and it was great. The meat was seasoned well and it was dressed well with cucumbers. I would definitely recommend this place.This is a breath of fresh air for the neighborhood this place is located. Surprisingly cheap for what I thought was a very good product!
Massive falafel sandwich for under 10$ keeps the trend of cheap bar food, but the quality of a specialty middle eastern deli. 
Interesting pinball area set up in conjunction with the restaurant. Multiple nostalgic machines set up side by side. I actually saw a sign promoting a pinball league, which I can imagine would be interesting. 
I can't speak to how the restaurant handles a large crowd, as it was early in the evening. There were several individuals picking up orders via postmates and waitr. Making me think people who can't get to the location, or are too lazy to drive to that part of town, really enjoy the food! Based on the price and the appearance of the shop, it is set up to accommodate the post bar crowd.OMG the lard fries! They are everything! I mean I enjoyed my doner but man, the fries were absolutely the best part of the meal. I am drooling just thinking about them.I visited New Orleans for a week, and the coconut habanero sauce is the one thing I'm still thinking about from my visit. It's insane. If anyone can get me the recipe, I'll be forever in your debt. Currently experimenting at home to figure out how I might make something 1/10 as delicious as that sauce.
The rest of the food was great, too, and the people were friendly and there's pinball, but DAMN that sauce is insanely good.This place was tasty surprise when I was down in New Orleans. I think that the women who served us name is Trish, she was great. Nice feel overall, very delicious food.The sandwiches are HUGE with a french influence. Portions are amazing. Super fresh, super high quality.
Order the gyro and the hummus plate and then revel in your satisfaction.Don't let the bars on the doors detour you from stopping in. We had the gyro, falafel and the French fries. Great food, great sauces and  very reasonable prices.  Love the art for sale on the walls. Super chill staff, great placeBest falafel sandwich I've ever had. Customer service also cordial. The baklava was homemade, but had been in the oven a little too long and I'd appreciate a few more veggie options, but those are my only complaints.Yum! Yum! Hungover and ordered in,  the staff was friendly and funny on the phone and in person. Food was delightful. Yes, thicker bread, a tad unconventional aspects, but the flavor was heaven and it's quickly becoming a go to in my neighborhood for me.This is a rave review of the falafel sandwich I just barely finished eating.
Ovearll, embrace the small menu. It's focused for a good reason: this food is as scratch-made as it can get, and to the highest quality standards.  No need to make more options, as these are clearly the items that the team at Kebab thought they could do best, and well, without compromising.
Bread: As a baker, I was impressed to see the bags of superior flour (not the commercial stuff you will see even in this town's good and respected bakeries) that goes through what I was told is a 24-hour bread making process to make a chewy but not hard or dense bread.  It's moist, light, and still very chewy.  This is good stuff.  
Fillings: On my way to finding the falafel in my sandwich, I encountered a mountain of vegetables: beets, arugula, etc.  All in balance and flavorfully prepared with great tzatziki sauce.  Perhaps a little hard to eat without making a mess, but not a problem.
Condiments: I ordered some special sauces just because it seemed like the right idea.  If that much of the small menu was devoted to housemade sauces, one should try a few, I figured.  This was a good move.  I just drank the housemade ketchup that never landed on the sandwich, and the skhug is something many people probably need to learn about by ordering it here--herbal, a little sweet, something different.  The hot sauce I was offered was not anything I'd seen before--maybe has some provenance somewhere.  It's creamy (coconutty, maybe) and the heat is a late-onset, pleasant burn.
I ordered to-go but there is a lot of seating.  Very casual, you can see the kitchen work going on, but plenty of tables and booths (and pinball machines).  There's a good beer/drink fridge and housemade soda and teas.Went there on a first date after seeing a performance at the Allways Lounge. Oh! My! Word! We were greeted by a lovely gentleman who patiently waited for us to decide on what to order. We both ordered Gyro Kebabs and also a side order of falafel. Everything was fresh, delectable, and beyond delicious. The atmosphere was suitable for our conversations and enjoyment of our fooding. We also played on the pinball machines. Overall we both recommend Kebab highly.Mindbending falafel, world's best fries, and more than likely the best gyro sandwich you'll ever have. Thank you Kebab, I love you.Great lamb special.  Pork gyro was average in my opinion but I am comparing to GreeceThis is the best drunk meal I've eaten in ages. Had the gyro kebab and the döner kebab with the Belgian fries and they were all so good that it changed my entire worldview for the better. Will have to try this restaurant when I'm not three sheets to the wind. But currently eating leftovers while drunk again the next day and must say ... top notch. Go here. Play arcade games. Eat tasty stuff. Know joy again!Last night I ordered delivery from Kebab for myself and a friend who was coming over for dinner.  I know I only live a few blocks away, but they food got to my house in lightning speed. It was *maybe* 20 minutes, and was fresh & hot. I was shocked when she showed up so soon on the bike. And she was super sweet even though you could tell she was a few hours into and a few hours away from the end of a very hectic day. 
{Side Note: 
Tip your delivery person, people! And tip them in cash, not on a card where they tax all of it away.   It's hot as hell out there, and occasionally it doesn't feel 100%  safe. It's not not easy bringing people's food to them on a bike.  There are so few people who deliver to St. Roch or anything above St. Claude;  encourage it!}
Okay back to food: 
First, let's address the fries. 
OMG the fries. I don't even really like fries as a general rule. I eschew carbs for dietary reasons, but I couldn't help myself from nicking one before my friend showed up, when they were still hot & crispy. 
Holy Sh*t.   
I had to make myself stop. They were thick but not too thick, well done but not too well done, crisp but not hard, soft in the center but not too starchy: a golden, perfect, thin, crisp crust around cloudy sticks of potato-ey goodness. 
Again, I don't really like fries that much. To me, they're sort of a "meh" food. If I'm served them I'll try one or two for the sauce, but I generally am non-plussed. 
I took a picture of the tray when it was opened, so I had some proof of how much came with the order, to shame me into not eating them all before my friend got there.  Luckily the friend  arrived very soon after the food did, and we agreed to share fries & salad.  I wouldn't even leave the fries for long enough to go to the kitchen and get utensils for the salad & kebab meat. I live in a 600 sq foot shotgun. The kitchen isn't far. 
So after we demolished the fries (totally giving each other the hairy eye about the last few), I got us some utensils to try the rest of the food. 
It was all pretty great. 
The pork gyro had a lot of flavor; you could taste the fresh spices. It wasn't like lamb gyro, and the flavor wasn't like traditional gyro meat, but it had a nice flavor to it that went perfectly with the sauces they included. 
I liked the doner kebab as well. It was a tiny bit on the dry side, but the sauces made everything great. 
I don't do bread, so I got both sandwiches without, essentially as a plate without being a plate. I got my friend the side of fries and I got a side of the house salad with the beets et al. It was stupid good.  And both entrees came with thin, thin, dill pickles that tasted home made. They were so good. 
Sauces: 
 The stuff that came with the fries was great. It was a very garlicky mayo with a kick to it. 
The tsatsiki was good & you could tell it was fresh. 
I wasn't a big fan of the mustard at first, as it was a bit too vinegary, but then I used it as dressing on the salad and it rocked. 
The Skhug was my winner for the night, especially with the fries from heaven. It's not spicy, but it's so refreshing & herbaceous. It's like the stuff you get at Indian restaurants and it's delicious. 
All in all, it was affordable, quick, and delicious, and even on a hot Sunday night in August,  it was delivered to my door with a  smile.To be honest, I was surprised how much I liked Kebab. I got the chicken sandwich because it seemed like the popular thing to get. It was delicious! The bread is undoubtedly the highlight of this sandwich; it's soft, fluffy and chewy all at the same time. The chicken was also tender and the sauces on top weren't over-powering. The sandwich is huge and I was full after eating half the sandwich, but it was so good that I couldn't stop myself. The only thing that would make Kebab even better is if their fries were better. I actually wished that they were more salty, believe it or not! The ketchups were good, but not particularly memorable. The restaurant is actually bigger and nicer inside than the outside suggests. Street parking on St. Claude was pretty easy to find, even on a Friday night at dinnertime. Prices are reasonable, too!Okay, it's been awhile and we've eaten here several times since my first review. Kebab's been open a spell so I figured I'd update. The pork gyro is still very tasty but VERY inconsistent, sizewise. I think the meat has great flavor on it's own without two sauces so I'll be dropping the green one in the future. They don't seem to serve platters anymore, which is seriously weird but whatever. I gave the side salad and the falafel sandwich a go and was pretty happy with both. Honestly, though, there's a lot of ingredient repetition: the side salad (beets and all) basically IS the falafel sandwich garnish so save your money. Don't order
both in the same meal. The real shocker was the hummus. It's is catastrophically bad. I was so, so surprised given the flavorful pork, bread, falafel and salad that the hummus tasted like...well...spackle. Zero flavor. Zero salt. Zero lemon. Zero tahini. What I got was a schmear of chalky beige paste with a wealth of sliced cucumbers and whole olives covered in what I'm pretty sure was dry oregano. Hugely disappointing - all four of us were baffled by it. A blob of Sabra would have been infinitely preferable. Work on it, please. It's wretched.Dear Kebab,
Now that we've been out together three times, I have to tell you the truth. I really like you. I mean, I like-like you. It could have been the falafel--so perfectly moist, fried to perfection--or it could have been the Belgian fries, which you make vegan for fools like me who don't eat duck fat. 
I think it was the feta and garlic pillows that got me. Those piping hot little pockets of gooey feta and oily bread were what made me fall deeply in love with you. 
But really, Kebab, it's your service I love the most. Tonight on our third date, I asked for those feta pockets and learned, GASP!, they're temporarily off the menu while the recipe gets tweaked. (Pah! Unnecessary!) I made a sad face, ordered something else, gave the guy at the counter a bit of a jokey hard time, and chowed down.
And then Counter Guy reappeared with two blazing hot, fresh feta and garlic pillows, and put them on the table in front of me with nary a word. Just a smile. For free. 
WHAT A CHAMPION. Kebab, you better put a ring on that man before I do.
Love,
LiannaThis is completely and totally delicious and amazing if you're able to forget you've ever had doner kebab in Europe. Treated as a delicious sandwich with chicken thigh, mustard and slaw- it's got it going on. It loses a star for claiming to be the real deal- this Dutch girl just says no. 
The fries are on point with a legit curry ketchup to boot. 
Get the spritzer- house made soda with tangerine was the special when I went 
I'll go back when I want a delicious sandwich, but leave the doner out of this.Really good! Small menu but everything I tried was tasty! The kebab's are so loaded mine fell apart! The sauce is to die forKebab's homemade bread is DELICIOUS and totally "makes" the sandwich!  The falafels were super tasty, too.  The fries were OK (maybe a little overcooked for my taste) but I would try them again (they weren't terrible!).  I wasn't a fan of the vegan aioli but I look forward to trying another one of their dipping sauces. I felt like their prices were super reasonable as well.  I can't wait to go back!This is aint your normal gyro joint. Kebab features delicious homemade bread, excellent sauces, fries and other items on the specials board. I have been twice so far. The gyro is made of pork which is a big change for me but it still is very tasty and more moist than your typical lamb and beef blend. The hummus is chunky but has a little different flavor than I am used to also. Overall if your hungry in the Bywater this is another great option. Plus they are open late night and they accept credit cards. P.S. If you check in with Yelp you get a free mint tea to go with your meal.Can't think of a better place to get cheap sandwiches and delicious French fries! Cool atmosphere, great food totally worth a visit. and they deliver... worth a visit to the marigny just for this place. HIGHLY recommendedThese are my favorite gyros in the city so far!!!  Amazing flavor and I believe the "bread" is fresh.Went back yesterday and got the pork kebab minus the bread and it was awesome! So delicious! They also had a lamb kebab special that I want to go back and try soon but I saw it after I ordered. I also had some Belgium fries with the garlic aioli - amaze! AND  I decided to try the coconut beverage which was fabulous, sweet and refreshing. And there's a whole ritual to opening it which I thoroughly enjoyed. 
I still love this place and like I said in my last review, have only been a bit disappointed in the hummus, which I remedied by adding taziki when I got home. I'll continue to explore the menu which whole minimal is still a delight!Oh my gosh, kebab was so tasty. I had the falafel which came on a ciabatta style-ish bread and was served with so much yummy stuff inside, including beets!!!! I was so happy. Plus we got the marinated Greek olives which were a good amount and so lovely. The service was great too. All around very happy. I am visiting from Portland oregon, and this was the best thing I had for the price. I'm used to cheap options where I come from and this reminded me of home. On my trip I ate out 3 plus times a day, and this was one of two of the most satisfying of the places I ate while here! Thanks kebab :)Best portobello mushroom sandwich I've ever eaten anywhere!! The fries with homemade ketchup and garlic aioli are also ridiculously good!Don't judge by its drab exterior! Walk into the hip and clean interior with a pinball arcade, funky music and fantastic food. The falafel was unlike any I have ever had. GIANORMIOUS sammich on super good bread, dressed with lots of sauce and interesting beets and more. The fries are a must too (homemade ketchup)! They also have an interesting beer selection which I'll have to check out next time. I think next time I will ask them to go a little lighter on the sauce... although it was good I am not a heavy sauce guy. Do check out the aquarium theme bathroom while you are there...pretty creative I must say!
Come...eat...and leave happy and full! SO GOOD!Delicious! Great falafel and their bread is amazing. Nice to have a good vegan option!