For a neighborhood restaurant, this place does not disappoint. Absolutely gorgeous build out. Fairly inventive menu, better than average food. Nice service, great scene, etc.   at this price point, it's not a destination restaurant and I will likely not return.Honestly. I had one of the best fish dishes that I have ever had in my life: smoked trout with fried capers and pickled red onion on top with a butter lettuce spring and radish salad with a smoked mushroom vinaigrette and smoked mushroom purée on the side. Hugh notes of a Orr, pickled onions and vinegar with earthiness and smokiness of mushrooms and smoked trout. Mouthwatering. Such delicate fish. I also had broccoli which was smoked and topped with a bit of reduced balsamic. And a green tomato carpaccio salad. Beautiful restaurant in uptown. I also had their Up in Smoke cocktail basically a straight up Mezcal margarita.In a town largely lacking in elevated cuisine, Kenton's stands out. The Crispy Grits plate is a must-try starter, and the Chicken Under A Brick dish is a more-than-satisfying main. (Of course, what food doesn't taste better with a Sazerac?)
Beyond the edibles, the staff was attentive, the lighting sexy, and the atmosphere welcoming. 
When I return to NOLA, I'll be sampling the Braised & Grilled Pork -- that's if I don't pop in for brunch instead.This place is really awesome!! The staff is great and food is really good! We tried everything on the cold bar list plus everything on the for the table!! The drinks are great too!! Try the hounddog!! The deviled crab with cilantro aioli was excellent!! Snapper tartare with fresh horseradish and lemon was very good too!! This place is great a must try! Oh and there bourbon pin hook is very good!!As a rule, I try to visit an establishment more than once (with the exception of out of town spots) before reviewing, but Kenton's is pricey so I'm not sure when we will return.
    Our experience at Kenton's, on a busy Saturday night, did not start off brilliantly but ultimately pleased my lovely wife and me quite a bit.
    We had to wait about 20 or so minutes past our reservation time for our table, so we cooled our heels at the lovely bar (sidebar: we found the entire space beautiful; generous green leather booths & banquets added a comfort and heft that most new restaurants seem to be abandoning, flattering lighting provided by attractive and interesting fixtures) which was very crowded (we waited 10 minutes to make a drink order). After we were seated in one of the aforementioned semicircular booths, neither of the two servers who came to our table actually greeted us (one silently poured water and the next opened with "so, any questions about the menu?"). Also, Paige ordered a French 75 then immediately changed to a rose'...a few moments later, a French 75 was delivered; it was delicious and then comped because of the snafu-thus end my complaints because both service and cuisine were excellent after that rocky overture.
  The bread that was delivered was warm, housemade wheat Parker-house style rolls-not amazing, but the crust was salty and the butter was whipped, so we were content. Paige started with the squid-ink pasta with shrimp & breadcrumbs which she enjoyed and I thought delicious. I began with an albacore crudo with mellow jalepeno and sweet peppers in a light vinaigrette-delicious! My lovely wife opted for the grilled swordfish with spring vegetables, black-eye & butter beans in a green garlic broth which really enjoyed. I chose a couple of small plates: the smoked trout salad with butter lettuce and crushed potatoes was fantastic and the grilled flatbread with roasted carrots & green garlic ricotta was marvelous. We split the strawberry & citrus parfait (creamy, silky and super tasty!) but before that, we were given a buttermilk citrus granita which I am trying to reverse engineer from taste: Paige said we need to have this stuff in our freezer at all times. Finally, there was a nice selection of sweets for the petit four course: I think cardamom shrtbread, fennel corn cake and a spiced chocolate truffle-all were pretty yummy and a sign that Kenton's seeks to be more than a hipster food haven. Rather, they want to be a grown up capital "R" restaurant, a dying breed i fear. I hope we have the scratch to return soon.Great food. We had grilled oysters, polish  sausage, grilled brocoli and a couple of Moscow mules. Delicious, a little pricey but worth it for good food and CLEANAbsolutely gorgeous space and new favorite location of mine for getting brunch in New Orleans. Everything that we ordered was both unique and delicious and I can't wait to go back. Favorite dishes included the biscuits that come with a black pepper honey butter & jam and the shrimp toast that was almost too pretty to eat. Highly recommend this restaurant!Overrated. Slow service, mediocre cocktails. It's kinda the only show in town on this area of Magazine. Lots of tables complaining around us. Then walking to car and see multiple cooks smoking cigs out back after waiting 1.5 hours for the burger.
Place needs to get its act together.Really enjoyed my experience here at Kenton's.  I was lucky to find them on a random search through Yelp.  I came here for an afternoon bite and was not disappointed.  Bartender was friendly and knew just when to attend to my next cocktail or oyster request.  They were busy, but it seemed like things were flowing well.  Happy to return!I asked a friend that lives in NOLA to refer me to great dining places, as this would be my first time
visiting the city. I must say that I am pleased w my dining experience at Kenton's. I ordered the Benedict Biscuit & my friend ordered the Chef's Breakfast. She states that her food was amazing outside of the fact that the potatoes were a bit too salty for her, however, they were crisped to perfection, which made up for them! She was enamored w the Cava Brût! I couldn't be happier w my breakfast entree! The Biscuit was delicious and the poached egg was cooked just right. The greens had a sweet and tangy flavor and it complemented the eggs & Biscuit well. Overall 4/5 stars only because we felt that the menu could have been a little broader. Selections were limites & we didn't have much to chose from. Waitstaff was very friendly and welcoming. Will return and recommend!We've dined twice and really want to love this place since it's in our neighborhood and in such a beautiful area. However, food is below par for the city, somewhat overpriced, and staff can be indifferent if not downright stuffy and unfriendly (cannot imagine why). The bar, however is beautiful, as is the entire location. Can only recommend for happy hour and oysters, but with so many amazing spots like Avo, Patois, and Clancy's nearby (too many to list), Kenton's simply doesn't cut it.It was literally terrible. Overpriced for poor quality food. Very disappointed such a prime spot of real estate ended up in the hands of these guys. 
We live right near by so we were excited for a new place to open up, we were disappointed when it ended up being Kenton's. I ordered the basic chef's breakfast and everything was..bad! Nothing was hot, we were lucky to get warm at best. The potatoes were rock hard as was the bacon, the biscuit crumbled to nothing when I tried biting it. It was just no good. Even the water tasted terrible, it really felt like old dish water or a fish had just finished swimming in it. 
Furthermore, the staff members were obnoxious and totally rude to us. Rarely refilled our water(even though it was bad, we had to wash down the food with it), gave us some snooty attitude and overall had no customer service skills.
In the end, this business is a horrible choice for such a prime spot on Magazine St with its poor food offering and horrid staff members. Stay away!Unfortunately, I have yet to get to eat at Kenton's-however I have had the opportunity to drink quite a few of their Pinhook Rye cocktails.  I'm looking forward to eating at the restaurant when I return from vacation-in the meantime I can scream from the rooftops about how good the Pinhook cocktails are!Kenton's is a gem. The food is refined, flavorful, and many textured.  For appetizers the Smoked Drum Mousse slathered on the crusty garlic toast is crunchy, smooth and smoky. The Grilled Flatbread is a wonderful mix of flavors and textures. The Beet and Turnip salad with blue cheese dressing is delicious. For entrees, the Louisiana Red Snapper is deliciously moist with subtle flavors melded with the bourbon sauce. The Slow Smoked Sea Trout is alive with smoky flavor and the fired capers are fantastic. And lastly, the Chicken Under a Brick is so good and worth having, this said by someone who eats a lot of chicken at home and so not in a restaurant. Kenton's gem like feel comes from the interior - the beautiful, misty graphite drawings on glass, the glowing lanterns, the bar alit with the golden bottles of whiskey; it's easy to relax here. And the staff is gracious, warm and fun.We dinned her last night and enjoyed the food. The service was excellent. Great addition to Magazine Street. The parking is right behind the restaurant anon Nashville Street. They have outdoor seating as well.Went for brunch. The pricing is a bit strange. The entrees are grouped with coffee and a drink (for $22). I'm not a brunch drinker so it took some negotiation to figure out what the actual cost of the food would be. 
Menu issues are forgivable for good food, but unfortunately the food had problems too. Biscuit was literally raw in the middle, bacon was burned, and the grit cake was flavorless. Although our server was nice and offered to get a substitute biscuit, I wasn't really in the mood to eat any more of their food. Although obviously not required, there were no adjustments in the check to reflect the kitchen's errors. 
As a small positive, the space is very attractive and the service was good overall.First: expensive. You and your date are not getting outta there for less than $100.
Next: service is great. Alana helped us and she was fantastic. Helpful suggestions and checked in on us often.
Important: the food was really tasty. I had the burger and she had the trout. Spectacular.
Finally: it was a really nice vibe. Take a 3rd date there or your wife for a special occasion. We did spy a daddy daughter date... so fun.
Enjoy.This place is pretty cool. The space itself is really beautiful and original. It feels old and new. Pretty small, but very well done. 
We came early and had a cocktail the bar, and they were very good. They are a whiskey establishment, so we both had a whiskey drink and it was one of the better old fashioned I'd had. The bartender was very friendly and gave us excellent dinner recommendations. 
The menu is small but good. For appetizers our table of four shared the snapper tartare and the smoked oysters. The oysters were good --- the snapper was the one thing I wasn't crazy about. It was certainly different but lacked the flavor you expect in a tartare. 
I had the steak entree and it was excellent. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. The potatoes with it were great, too. For dessert we had some sort of ice cream and cake --- it had some lemon in it and it was very good. 
Great food, great service and a really cool space. We'll be back, for sure!First of all, it was a beautiful day in New Orleans, and there was a spot open on the terrace, with shade for my quadruped, Juke. So, that certainly helped in terms of ambiance for my brunch. 
I ordered an entrée of creamy grits with vegetables, sausage, a single poached egg, and a spicy base. The very first mouthful was as if the voices of angels spoke directly to me from heaven. Nope, not embellishing. The combination was superb; fresh, flavorful, and, with nuanced flavors under the obvious ones.
A piping hot, soft, aromatic biscuit also accompanied the meal, served with spicy whipped butter.
Second, two ounces of bourbon came with my entrée (better than choosing between fries or coleslaw any day), and that was very much appreciated. Nothing at all wrong with bourbon in the morning. 
I ask you, does it matter when you get your quotidian, as long as you have it?
I ate, I drank, I ruminated on why every day couldn't start like this, and had a wonderful meal. The waitress brought a bowl of water over for Juke, I slipped him a bit of sausage, and he had a great time there as well, notwithstanding the verbal insubordination he was getting from a frenetic miniature schnauzer during part of our meal.
Perfectly lovely, and I hope to return soon. It's not inexpensive by any means, but it's worth it. and I'd love to try their dinner entrées.My friends and I came here for happy hour (which is a great happy hour) however, my opinion on this restaurant has been ruined by the service we received. 4 of us sat and the bar for over 2 hours. Initially we had a great, friendly bartender. Halfway through our visit, the bartenders switched and the entire experience changed. For absolutely no reason the new bartender took the liberty to decide that my (black) friend was not to be served anymore "for his own good". He had had 3 drinks over the course of 2.5 hours. The male bartender also on shift was just as confused as we were. I am sad to say we won't be returning, racist behavior will not be tolerated.Stopped here for happy hour yesterday and it didn't disappoint at all. Bright open space, very clean and an excellent attending staff. Had the Moscow mule for $5 which was fantastic and also had $.75 oysters which were huge and absolutely delicious.This place is extremely over-priced and did not live up to my expectations. My husband ordered chicken under a brick which was tasty, but chicken lying on pieces of cheesy broccoli should not cost close to $30. I ordered the trout which was very plain and not very appetizing. The description of the dish was also deceiving. My very thin piece of fish was adorned with one mushroom and 1 piece of red onion over a bed of arugula with capers. Lastly, the side of potatoes which were ordered separately was very small. Overall, pretty disappointed, will not be recommending this place to people.Kentons is beautiful, thoughtful in every detail of design and presentation. And maybe it's because of that, and because of expectations based on high reviews and an equally high priced menu that I am giving it 3 stars. We have been twice and will be back because the owners are very nice and the space is pretty. But the food was so/so. Last time we went for lunch our server recommended the fish sandwich, unfortunately it was fishy, dry and on leidenheimer bread. It was just a bad po-boy. The grilled oysters are nice, like the grilled lemon. The smoked fish mouse needed more smoke & salt. Overall though I'm so sorry to say the food doesn't match the beautiful interior.A group of my friends and I went here for brunch. The place looks very nice, but the service was extremely lacking and maybe bizarre to say the least... My friend asked if they could do an iced coffee and the server said "we can do that for you" and then he brought her a hot coffee. Then he brought out our donuts and looked surprised when we asked for plates? Another friend was in the middle of asking him something when he interrupted her and said "be right back". He never answered the question.  One of our girls is lactose intolerant, and asked the server if the eggs had cheese on them (it looked like they did) and the server said "sure looks like it" and then there was an awkward pause, until he said "if there is cheese on it, do you want me to just remove the eggs, or would you like new ones without cheese?" Clearly, she'd like new ones... without cheese. Odd interactions, for sure. I might try this place again, because the food was good, albeit overpriced. But I hope the service is a little different. ..We arrived around 8:00 PM. The hostess asked if we had reservations. We said no. There was a table outside we were eyeing to sit that was vacant. She said there would be a 20 minute wait. Why, I have no clue. It was a ten minute wait and we got the vacant table we saw going in. Not a welcoming feeling from the start. We ordered the wedge salad which was very good. It was like a spring mix instead of the usual iceberg lettuce. My husband and I ordered the speckled trout topped with a crabmeat and shrimp cream sauce. It was the tiniest piece of fish I've ever seen. The topping was like two flecks of crabmeat and three very tiny shrimp. The price for the fish was $32. Nothing special about this entree which came with nothing else on the plate. No veggies. Nothing. The bill was $100 ish for two people without alcohol, only tea. Salad and a tiny piece of fish. The fish was tasty but portion was insulting. We were hungry. Not the restaurant for  hungry people. The ambience is what you are paying for. We sat along magazine st. It was a nice weather night. Never again. Service was good. Food mediocre.Great service, happy staff, gorgeously casual atmosphere and very good food. We had wine to drink, so we can't speak for the cocktails, but the bar is charming. Our Drum and smoked trout entrees were spot on but lighter in portions. We enjoyed dinner enough to swing in for lunch the following day on our way out of Nola. Very attentive, our server, was the beautiful young lady from the evening before. The burger was excellent!Kenton's is a great spot.  Dined here with a group of rowdy guys and we had a fantastic time.  All of the small plates are well prepared and delicious.  I think we ordered 3 of each plus many many glasses from the great whisky selection.Excellent Burger, need to ask for extra napkins(sim 5 Napkins juiciness!). Fish sandwich delish too!  Outside tables in 76 degree weather superb!  Server pleasant and prompt!Place just opened for 6 months and has already became a local favorites as we r told by our two uber drivers and hotel concierge. And they are absolutely right, everything there are good but those wood fired oyster are the best of "cooked" oysters I ever had. It's juicy and perfect with the country ham, mashed potatoes and the picked onion sprinkle on top. We order another plate after we finish our entree cuz it's that good!!Wandered in this morning here. We had to wait less than three minutes to get a table since we did not have reservations. The service was always polite although they seem inexperienced. The food was a tad pricey but the ingredients and freshness justifies it. I would definitely come again.Top 5 Best Meals of My Life.
Came here on the recommendation of a friend. They have a place in NYC that we really like so figured we would see what they were up to in NOLA. The dining room and bar area are sophisticated and comfortable. It was a work dinner so we ordered everything on the menu and shared it. Each dish was better than the last. While I can recommend everything, a few stood out for me:
Wood fired oysters. I love oysters and these were great. The real proof was that they converted a non-oyster eater in the group into a fan (she tried her first one then had three more).
Flatbread. Amazing. Just get it.
Smoked Ribs. Not on the menu, they were a special. Best I have ever had.
Chocolate mint tart. I am never wow-ed by dessert. In most places, appetizers tend to be the star. This dessert was OUTSTANDING and reason enough to return.
If you are looking for great southern hospitality and amazing food outside of tourist New Orleans, Kenton's should be on your "must" list.Oysters were some of the best I've eaten this season, happy hour was a bourbon tastings that was very nice.Fabulous food in a fabulous food city!  The service was amazing.  We went here with a rather large group and were treated exquisitely.  Wait staff was super attentive and the kitchen was fast but not rushed.Dined at Kenton's today for the NOLA Coolinary Special!!! The food and service was awesome. Looking forward to returning.Such an amazing place! Loved, loved, loved the food - just what Uptown needed. The chef was both creative and thoughtful in his food preparation and the atmosphere of this place is stylish yet comfortable. I can't wait to make a return trip. I'll definitely be back.....Should be 5 stars just for the bourbon selection and I am sure I will up the stars in the future as I return to eat and enjoy more libations. I am giving 3 stars now cause we went in in the late afternoon and just wanted to try the place but they didn't have apps for the bar, they told us the kitchen didn't open till 5 but that to me should be for table service. However it's what they decide and since they have only been open a month maybe they will change their minds. I also believe if you are going to have a bar dedicated to whiskey and especially bourbon you should hire someone behind the bar that has extensive knowledge about your selections, not his fault, I blame management on not educating their employees. Still impressed with there selection so please give them a shot.Kenton's was a magical place full of wonderful food and lovely atmosphere!  They had, quite simply, the most delicious oysters in New Orleans.  We had a 1/2 dozen which quickly turned into a full dozen.  Clearly due to their magic.  The cocktails, burgers and fried grits rocked our world and chef followed up with a peanut butter chocolate dessert that I dreamed of all night.  I can't wait to go back!Service is problematic not for not attending to you but for constantly interrupting your conversation and forcing you to make a decision about whether you're finished with your dish. So annoying. We had l4 or 5 small plates and a dessert and could not finish because the second in command waitress wos constantly asking us if we were done and there was still food on our plates and wine in our glass. Not to mention we were constantly being interrupted. And I did not want to make things more awkward by schooling this girl. The food? Who knows? I guess it was okay. She took it away before anyone could relish it. Just dumb for a place with that much fabulous renovation and style to have this sort of problem. And in THIS town? Good luck.After reading the reviews here I expected to be super hungry after I left....Not so at all! The location is easy to get to in a newly built shopping area on Magazine. The inside is cozy and looked really upscale. We had a table of 7 and were able to try many of the dishes. The grits were amazing as well as the smoked fish appetizer. The tomato and shrimp appetizer was also delicious. One of my friends got the steak and shared it, definitely enough for two people if they aren't super hungry. The desserts were lovely, kind of pricey but good. We all left pretty full, I would tell people to just order appetizers and small plates over the entrees. The service needed some work. They had enough people but we had long waits in between drinks, almost like we were forgotten. Hopefully this will get better with time.The hype is real, the decor gorgeous, the drinks incredible, the food is beautiful but blah.
I went in with high hopes, actually, I was expecting a great meal.
I was disappointed. 
The flavor is missing en toto. Bland, bland, bland... even the desserts lack zing.
The portions are ridiculously small. It would take four appetizers or small plates to feed one person. There is no way you can dine at Kentons without a three course meal... unless you intend to leave hungry.
Example: The Risotto stuffed pasta with fried okra is an appetizer that sells for $14. When it arrived, there were tiny two pieces of pasta, a few greens, and 4 slices of okra....the tiny bowl was about 1/2 cup of food. The sauce tasted like plain butter and olive oil.
The roasted oysters arrive on an oyster plate with indentations to serve 6 oyster shells, you receive four with 1/3 of the plate awkwardly bare. Worse, the roasted oyster special was oysters topped with white cream sauce and a teaspoon of chopped bacon, rendering each oyster to taste like a potato skin at a sports bar. The oyster itself was completely masked under this heavy topping.
The 6 entrees choices were four fish, one pork, one steak. Theses were equally small and nothing spectacular. I asked four other tables to rate the restaurant, the results, 5, 2, 4, and 6 ...out of 10. All said they would not return. My date said the same. 
The smores desert was a small jar of chocolate similar to Nutella? with 1/2 an inch of melted marshmallow on top. This was accompanied with four tiny graham cracker cookies so chewy, they reminded me of digestive biscuits and hurt our teeth. No flavor there either, Nabisco would have been better, or at least sweet vice salty, chewy, and/or stale. 
Also the marshmallow should be in equal proportion to the chocolate. 
The mint chocolate dessert was basically a sliver of girl scout cookie torte served with a few tablespoons of homed ice cream. It was fine, but bland. No one with ever crave a second helping.
Dinner for two splitting the fouroyster special, an appetizer each, an entree each, and two desserts with cocktails was $165 before tip. 
The bourbon cocktails are outstanding, as is the shucker. Credit where it is due.
I heard brunch was equally lackluster "bland" yankee food and my neighbors said they won't return. $65for two for eggs, fried potatoes, a biscuit, and a stale donut appetizer?
Service is s.l.o.w. 
Drinks take 15 minutes after seating. Second round also takes 15 minutes. The sweet hostesses seem confused and to have had no fine dining experience.
NOLA and Uptown have the best restaurants in the world. Why bother?The interior is great and very cool. They also have a great cocktail list with so a huge variety of whiskey cocktails (since they are a "whiskey bar"). First, the bread rolls are warm and delicious. We had the cauliflower flatbread which I recommend and also the crispy grits with ham--they were yummy but the grits could have been a little crispier. I ordered the butchers steak which was not great, and I wouldn't recommend it. It was good but not phenomenal. I have heard that their chicken under a brick is the best and I would definitely order that if I come back. 
Overall it was a nice place and we had a good experience. The steak just wasn't great, so I recommend a different main!I had a great visit at Kenton's last week. We started out with the fried oysters, fire roasted oysters, and BBQ shrimp. Everything was delicious. The aioli on the fried oysters was really nice.
I then ordered the smoked trout, which was good, but I think I wanted a bit more complexity in the flavor. Or maybe I read the word "smoked" and wanted it to be more smoky. My dining companions ordered the pompano, which is very good, and the steak, which was good but a bit too salty for all of us at the table.
Our server was great, as were all the other staff. I am looking forward to going back for another visit.Good, not great. We chose this for one of our 2 dinners while in NOLA based on several review sites. I don't have any real complaint, but was really underwhelmed on all fronts. Oh well....Tasty, fancy, and good service. Wasn't blown away by the food but it was good. Slightly overpriced but overall a good place.This is a great whiskey bar and restaurant, 
The food was delicious and the drinks were great!
The service was a little on the slow side , but don't think it was the waitress fault
We will definitely come back , great place to get together and have drinks and have a great meal!always greeted at the door, great bar, bartenders are knowledgeable and helpful if you don't know what you want, the food is great, and the manager was extremely helpful when we wanted to order something that was no longer on the menu.  You must try the drum mousse!  WOW!  They have great outside patio area and their brunches are great.  We ate at the brunch on the Sunday of Toth and everything was good!All American Whiskeys are available here and the staff is very knowledgable.  They have a nice patio out front.  We didn't eat any food so can't comment on that.  I do have one gripe with all the whiskey available cigars would go great but not allowed to even enjoy one on the outside patio.  We had to leave after one cocktail.Went to Kenton's for the first time this weekend. Everything about it was enjoyable. The cocktails and bourbon drinks are a must as that is a key component to the planning of this restaurant! I love the Old Fashioned and my fiancée loves the Manhattan. The wine list is also wonderful! For dinner with our group, we shared many of the appetizers before the main course. The wood fired Oysters and the  deviled crab were a favorite but we also loved the crispy grits, green tomatoes and shrimp, shrimp toast.... Nothing disappointed. The chicken under the brick was ordered by three at our table and they all raved. The atmosphere is so lively ... Enjoyed people watching the bar scene, oyster bar as well as the dining booth areas... Even though the place is new, it feels worn in, cozy and inviting.... Love it and cannot wait to go back!Amazing dining experience this Halloween.. we tried all "treats" ...at  Kentons's  "no tricks"....  the best Smoke trout EVER!!!  Great night!The outside and the inside of this restaurant is spotless and pristine! The style and design is "old" school New Orleans which I love! I also like that they are open till midnight we went at 1030 and our meal was still excellent! The up in smoke drink was amazing I would come back just for the drink. We ordered the flatbread, the grits, and the steak. Overall the service and food was amazing we will be back!We went to Kenton's for the first time tonight. We live in the neighborhood and thought it might be nice to go have something at the bar.
The food was great, the service was great. It was warm, clean and welcoming. Our bartender helped us choose something from the bourbon selection and followed up with us throughout the evening.
The deviled crab was amazing, so was the flatbread and the oysters.
So happy to have a new "go to" place in our neighborhood.Everything was perfect - from the opening cocktails to the awesome off-the-menu vegan entree. Great ambiance, excellent service. One of the best dining experiences I've had in New Orleans in the past ten years.Overall ambience of this place is done very well. We ordered the woodfired oysters which wete not very good they were covered with bacon bits which covered up the taste of the oysters. We also had the red fish ceviche which was really good. For main dish we had pork belly was delicious and the grilled mahi mahi which they ran out.of mahi mahi so they gave us swordfish instead and it was over cooked we should of sent it back. Swordsidh tends to be a tougher fish they should not of even made this dish with it. 
The only reason I would go back here again would be for the cocktails and the dessert (mint chocolate tart) which was.done well. I think this place is hyped up and  overpriced. Go here for predrinks and head somewhere else for dinner!We stopped in for a nightcap with out of town guests, not realizing how close it was to closing at Kenton's. Beth, treated us like it was the beginning of her work day! She's a gracious, patient, informative and highly talented person! 
We all wanted specific twists to our drinks (eye roll for most bartenders I'm sure) and Beth not only listened, but offered thoughtful suggestions. I believe we all agreed we had never had a better version of the drinks we requested! 
Our friends were very impressed with the high casual elegance of the bar, the restaurant and Beth herself! We are so glad we ended our night out at Kenton's and would certainly recommend it for any time of the day! Great group of professionals that treat you like family!Had reservations for 7:30.  Arrived at 7:15 due to rain to meet my party. The restaurant had two tables occupied. Would not let me sit at the table. Made me sit at the bar "in case others arrived that needed a table".Kenton's was relatively new when we went and the service seemed to reflect some kinks in their process.  The food was good although choices were limited.  Great atmosphere.First time writing a revue because I know most of them are want to be food critics. The service I will give a pass to, millennial who was really not interested in service when your first words to me are we ready to order and I have to goat you into guiding me through the menu you have lost. Grit cake and terrine were very good. My pork was cooked perfect but not one ounce of flavor my wife's chicken was, well it was chicken. Won't go back, the thing about being or try to be an "it" restaraunt in this city, if your going to miss on service you better not miss on food...Went here for dinner on Saturday night.  Sat at the oyster bar.  Service was unbelievably terrible.  We had the grilled flatbread with carrots.  It was cold not sure if it's supposed to be.  Then we got the romaine lettuce salad.  The dressing was very odd.  The lettuce was purple and the bottoms were very bitter.  We got the pompano.  I was not a fan.  The sauce was good.  We didn't get offered desert and it wasn't on the menu.  Probably will not be going back.  2 people over 2 hours.Whiskey flight was good way to start. Decently priced for the 3 we tried. Had to ask for the bread after seeing everyone else get theirs. Fried grits appetizer was good and decent amount of food for $9. Had to wait a long time for our drinks BUT they ended up being on the house! The pork dish was tasty according to my date but it had massive chucks of fat on both pieces. My smoked trout was served skin up (is this normal?) and had zero flavor. It wasn't bad but if you don't like fish you wouldn't want to eat this b/c it tasted just like fish. The bourbon caramel ice cream was well worth the $4. So I'd go back to order a flight of different whiskeys, get an appetizer and dessert but skip the dinner! Service was ok but def could have been better. Tables were very close together but the noise level was never too loud.Let me start by saying I'm still in the restaurant and I must leave a review!
Greeted at the door instantly! Didn't have a reservation and was still seated. As soon as I reached the table someone was there pouring water. It's Louisiana and it's Hot so I kudos to that!
Now I know this place for there oysters so I brought my girlfriend here for our day because the menu' differs! I ordered Char-boiled oysters that seemed to not be on the menu! Honestly the best oysters I've ever had! They were willing to make them for us even though they weren't on the menu
Talking with my girlfriend we hadn't realize that the oysters where taking so long! (To say they were) 
The waiter Jack was absolutely amazing. Great vibes and sweet.
While the oysters were on its way we were given chocolate filled croissants , delicious by the way! 
Finally the chefs breakfast meal was served. Well served , delicious meal. Over all I will be back and I recommend this restaurant to any one looking for breakfast and/or oysters! One of my favorite new spots for brunchKenton's is the definition of the American Bistro! 
To start it is absolutely beautiful. It's sophisticated farm house feel charms you right from the start. It's staff is friendly and attentive and its menu is a balance of French technics and American flavors. 
I started my meal with the Clyde's Dale's whiskey beer combo and let me tell you it's as powerful as the horse ;-). Do take a careful look at the whiskey selection and don't let it intimidate you ask your server they will be glad to point you in the right direction. 
Now the food! The biscuits are amazing you will want a whole basket for yourself and maybe some butter to take home.
The shrimp toast is delicious a great combination of flavors on a perfectly crunchy toast. The grilled flatbread with roasted carrots and grilled garlic ricotta is a showcase of veggies that will leave you craving for more.
For the main course the brown butter glazed drum is a light, creamy combination of flavor that really allow the wonderful texture and flavor of the drum to shine. 
We skipped dessert but the manager brought out a little lagniappe that really completed the experience for us.
Kenton's is perfect for a grown up night out with friends or date night. Plus they do brunch which hopefully I'll make it out to soon.I do love Kenton's but it has its issues.  Consistency, foremost.  One visit, everything's on point.  Next visit, there are problems.  Service can be frustrating in off hours.  Food is usually quite good, but I have had disappointments on a few occasions.  Last visit, my burger came out well done when I asked for it medium rare.  The cocktails and oysters elevate its standing in this part of town and keep us coming back.  Management needs to fine tune the operation of this lovely little restaurant.The entire meal was fantastic.  The grits came in a square - something I've never seen before and tasted amazing.  I had the brunch special; citrus donut, crispy grits with chicken (may have been shredded ham) and 2 oz of bourbon. I also had 2 Oysters that was phenomenal.I live uptown 
It's a beautiful place , decor is top notch and ambience is fantastic. 
The food is below average and u can tell the owners are not local nor did they consult with a local. Chef needs help with menu .
This is Nola not NYC !Kenton's is a YES every time! Check out their happy hour. The food is yum and the cocktails are hello! Recommendations- the oysters and shrimp toast.Fantastic atmosphere and food. Service was top notch. Took a little longer to get our entrees and without complaint, they proactively paid for a round of drinks. Can't beat it!  Would come again in a heartbeatI was super excited for my 8:30 reservation last night, and I was even more excited for the last Wednesday of the baby back rib feature. I had been once before for appetizers and cocktails at the bar. The first time I had a great experience. Upon arriving about 20-25 minutes early, we were very warmly greeted and quickly seated outside(we were given a choice of inside or outside since the restaurant wasn't extremely busy.) No one ever came to greet us. We watched a server check on her few tables around us twice. We also watched another couple, who was sat about 5-10 minutes after us, get water, get their cocktail order in, get their cocktails, and get bread. All in all, we sat for at least 20 minutes without even a "we will be right with you."  We decided to get up and leave. Super bummed. I bet those ribs were spectacular though.I think this may be my new favorite spot in New Orleans. Not only had I not known about uptown (classy, clean, less touristy), but this place has it all.  
The wine list is short but interesting. I'm seeing a theme in Nola and that is to serve their red wine at room temperature. This is a bit of an issue since their room temperature is warmer than it should be served. My bartender was cool though and got me a fresh bottle from the cellar. Problem solved. 
I only tried a few things, but what I did try was outstanding. Their grilled oysters and lamb carpaccio were light and had the flavor that will make me go back. 
The restaurant itself has a cool, upscale but not pretentious feeling. There is also outside seating. I will be back to try more and to also explore that area.Was super excited to try Kenton's. We (three of us) made a 7:45 reservation and were not seated until almost 8:20. While waiting, the manager came up to us and said, as if she was speaking to a child, that she will give us bread while we waited in case we were hungry. A generally cordial gesture, however her tone was belittling. 
We finally get seated and the bread was great. Super yummy. The waitress comes over and without any introduction (no welcome and did not give us her name) asks if we're ready to order. We ordered the fried oysters (yummy), flatbread (good but nothing amazing-pictures looked better than the actual taste), chicken under a brick (slightly disappointing- we all thought it was excessively salty, but overall fine), and the snapper (good, nothing special). 
We expected to be comped for the excessively long wait- maybe drinks or dessert on the house as that's a standard and appropriate procedure. Instead, we received a palate cleanser similar to lemon ices. It was nice, however not appropriate for the circumstance. If we were with our fathers (instead of being three 21-year old girls) or had been older, the situation would have been handled much more appropriately. This was a frustrating realization. Overall, the lack of interest by the manager and waitress made the experience sub par. Meal was more pricy and you can easily get much better food for less, so I don't think we will be returning. But worth a try for those willing to overlook poor service.I went back and forth on whether or not I should give this three or four stars. I enjoyed the ambiance. The staff was great. The drinks were good. The price... well let's just say the other pros outweighed the cons which led to a four-star rating.
I'd go back. I'd probably want to see more appetizers. All in all, it was a great night with five friends that all had the same comments.Went here for a late lunch! It was very good! I was worried at first because I'm allergic to shellfish and the menu was limited for me, but everything I tried was delicious! Highly recommend the brick chicken! I was stuffed when I left (I got the three course lunch special). 
Our waitress was good. Service was a little slow but nothing more than is expected down south. I noticed a lot of the reviews complained about the services. Our bill was wrong but easily fixed! I guess check your bill!What an eventful Valentine's Day brunch it was!
My gf and I arrived about 10 minutes before our reservation time and went to the bar to have a drink while we waited for our table.  Both the hostesses and the bartenders were very welcoming and very pleasant.  I ended up getting the Bourbon Royale at the bar.  It reminded me of a French 75 but with bourbon.  It was very good; a little different but good.
The bar menu is fantastic.  All of the different bourbon cocktails that they have to offer is going to get me in trouble one day haha.
One of the first things that I noticed when I walked in was the decor of the restaurant.  It made me feel like I was in an old farmhouse; kinda like my Grandma's.
We were say down at our table we were greeted once again by a very nice waiter.  He answered all of our questions and took our food and drink order.
Then the EVEN happened... While we were sitting there waiting on our food to come out a gentleman behind us yelled out for someone to call 911.  I turned back and a man was laying back passed out on the floor.
The staff was very quick to respond.  They called 911 and moved people from the area and the manger (I'm assuming; a young brunette woman) stayed with the two gentlemen during the whole situation.  It could have gone so many awful ways but thankfully everything was ok and settled down after 15-20 minutes.
I was stuck in a corner during all this and the manger came over to me numerous times to check and see if I was ok.
Then after all this we were sat back down and our food and drinks came out.  They held our order so everything came out fresh.
I ended up having the smoked biscuit and eggs and it was phenomenal!  It was warm and homey and quite satisfying.
I'll be going here again for sure.Enjoyed a lovely lunch and cocktails for our anniversary. The staff were welcoming and well informed. While the restaurant is known for its bourbon, the bartender readily indulged my request for gin. We enjoyed the shrimp salad and green tomato sandwich. Both made with the best green, butter lettuce. The decor is understated uptown elegance, and all the windows allow lovely natural light. Overall an impressive experience.Beautiful atmosphere and great location. Service was good. Maybe it was because it was a busy night, but I was astounded that they ran out of the steak by 7:30 pm (seems like a dish you should stack up on). My appetizer of Grilled Butternut Squash tasted great but probably sat out for a while because it was room temperature. Entree of Chicken and Pheasant consisted of a tiny piece of chicken (which was also room temperature). Pheasant was fine. Had high hopes, but I didn't leave very happy. Better luck next time.Lovely spot. The bartender was friendly and helpful within I asked for suggestions. I had the grilled fish sandwich with a bowl of vichyssoise soup. It was all delicious and the atmosphere is chArming.Do yourself a favor if you are in New Orleans and visit this amazing find. I was on a trip from San Francisco and wanted a great neighborhood restaurant and stumbled across Kenton's. Wow - simply fantastic. The food, service and ambiance was just perfect. I don't post often but felt the need to do so. Will definitely be returning the next time I am there.Went to Kenton's for the first time yesterday for happy hour.  Moscow mule was delish!  In fact, everything I ate there was scrumptious.  The grilled oysters were cooked to perfection.  The grilled shrimp entree had so much flavor!  And the pecan pie was a fabulous way to end the dinner.  I definitely will be back to try other items on the menu!A friend of ours invited us to a dinner at a new Uptown restaurant he had heard was good. We all really loved this place. 
The space is beautiful. The bar has an amber hue that reminds of a beautiful sunset. 
We had a full dinner including oysters (fresh and delicious) several apps that we shared (the smoked amber jack was the sleeper fav) and a great steak.  
I am partially posting this review because I saw all the haters on here. In my experience, this place was delicious and the service was very cordial.
I'd recommend to good friends. Yum.I think that this place has some definite kinks to work out. It's in a great spot on Magazine St, and has beautiful curb appeal. I also really appreciate the history behind the name, and how it's associated with New Orleans history. 
The decor is beautiful. A cross between rustic and chic. We've been in twice and it's not horrible, but in no way great. 
First time, we came in for a late lunch at 4:00pm. When we asked for a table for two, the waitress started to take us to our table, and told us the kitchen was closed. We paused and asked, "So you're not serving food at all?"  She responded that they were only serving drinks and raw oysters. Even though we love oysters, we were hugely for more than just that, so we decided to go elsewhere. We found it to be frustrating that they didn't offer up that information right away, and also that we had to practically drag the information out of them. If the kitchen is closed, then please tell us, and let us know what you do have! 
Second time, we came for Sunday brunch. The staff was friendly, and we were seated immediately. The restaurant was pretty empty and the waiter was nice, but he forgot what we ordered and had to come back to the table and ask us twice.
 The brunch menu wasn't brunch. It consisted of 2 egg sandwich options, a waffle option, and then some lunch items like pulled pork over crispy grits, and ribs. The issue was that when I think of brunch, I think about being able to have a few different things to eat, from a fairly wide variety of options. In the case of Kenton's, you get a choice of entrees and that's it. There are side dishes that you can add on, but that's it. No omelette, no pancakes, not even eggs and bacon!
My husband ordered the fried green tomato egg sandwich. It came with crispy fingerling potatoes, and was very good. It was really, really heavy and rich though. 
I ordered the pulled pork over crispy grits and Brussel sprout leaves. The pulled pork was really sweet. Too sweet. The crispy grits were not crispy at all. There was a gravy poured over them, which made them soft and soggy and didn't complement the dish at all. The Brussel sprout leaves were exactly that- little leaves sprinkled on top. Everything on the plate was so rich and heavy, I was craving a vegetable or something to lighten it up, and the Brussel sprout leaves were a tiny garnish that didn't do the trick. 
In the end, it was so rich that I left feeling sick. For our 2 dishes, a glass of orange juice (which was fresh-squeezed and very good, but small), and an iced tea, our bill was $55! That, to me, seems extremely overpriced for what we got. The food wasn't bad at all, but there are definitely some things that could have been done better. 
We have no interest in coming back. 
It's a beautiful restaurant, but the service is super average and the dishes are too rich, with no greens, and very small.What can I say...the meal was spectacular.  The hot bread rolls where just that hot and special.  You won't burn your tongue so dig in while they are still warm.  We started with the crispy grits with country ham  - just wonderful.  The fried gulf seafood you must try, light battered whole shrimp, with cubes of fish and veggies.  Yummy.  We then shared the smoked trout.  This is the hidden gem. Lovely softly smoked trout served with crisp greens tossed in a light vinaigrette ( just enough to dance lightly) fried capers (I have got to remember to do that sometime) and mushrooms that were out of this world in flavor and charred red onions.  Together all flavor profiles were present and the only thing keeping me from licking the plate clean were my manners.  
But the meal did not stop there.  The buttermilk Panna Cotta turned out to be even more special. Served cool with zest, strawberries, a herb sorbet and.... Well I can't tell you much because I was too busy savoring to analyze the ingredients... Needless to say, you must try it.  
The only downside was our waiter...he seemed to have ADD and did not focus his attention when he swooped by. However don't let that stop you from trying the wonderful discuss this gem has to offer