Steak is obviously amazing. I am giving the rating based on service. We went for Valentine's Day dinner and he was less then courteous. He made a  face when we ordered a bottle of wine that wasn't $100. When we ordered the entree he rushed us and was incredibly judgemental. Never filled our water again after we paid the bill which he brought to the table before I waseven done eating; despite having gslf a bottle of wine left. Again food was good but there are plenty of places with good food in New Orleans with excellent service. Probably wouldn't go back.Excellent food. Every item tasted great and service was good, not great, but good. Servers seem to not very happy and smily, but were attentive and helpful.
Provoleta as an appetizer was very rich and just like the one I am used to do at home. Blood sausage is not so good in my opinion, and it was served colder than I would like to.
Ordered the skirt and it was simply amazing, just like they serve it in Argentina. Dulce de Leche panqueques are a delicious way to finish your meal.The restaurant was cramped but friendly. A bit louder than we normally like but I guess that's to be expected in an old New Orleans building. The first table we were seated at was in an area so loud that we couldn't even hear each other talk right across from one another. Thankfully, we were moved to another table that was much more suitable.
The bread tasted a bit stale but the wine was good. When dinner came, we were underwhelmed. Nothing was terrible but the quality definitely didn't reflect the menu price. The best part of the restaurant was the service. Overall, we felt that the experience tonight was average at best.Best steakhouse Ive visited in La. it's very classy but relaxed. Personal service. Great drink menu. Extensive wine list. Meat is perfection. Come hungry.I absolutely adore La Boca! The food is very delicious.
This was my first trip to their new location, but I like the new digs...it is a little more upscale than their previous location, but didn't distract from the food or feel of the place (La Boca has always felt somewhat casual and the ambience matched the food).
We bought a couple of bottles of wine from the home cellar to enjoy with dinner, and the wine service was very good.  The service staff handled our bottles with care, the glassware was of good quality, and they decanted where appropriate.  I didn't check the final bill for the corkage fee, so unfortunately I can't pass the information on in this review.
We did the Gaucho plate for an appetizer which was wonderful - I am basically obsessed with the grilled sweetbreads!  We had the fries, which are always wonderful here, as well. To be honest, I believe that we ordered all of the sides from the menu, and not a single one was disappointing in the least.  Everyone ordered their own steak (the first time that I haven't done the whole order a bunch of meat and cshare it here), my own was wonderful...I ordered the hanger - seasoned and cooked perfectly to my order.
As far as prices go, the steaks range from roughly $23 - $35 if memory serves.  You might be thinking that sounds pretty cheap for a steakhouse, but these aren't your traditional steakhouse steaks.  They serve the cuts popular in Argentina, so it is flank, and hanger and sirloin and the like rather than Filet and Ribeye and New York Strip.  What I can promise you is that whatever steak you order it will be amazing!
If you have not yet been to La Boca, give it a shot.  I am sure that you will enjoy it as much as I do!.An Argentinian steak house that I've only heard great things about.  I actually walked by this place a few nights and it was always too busy.  I ended up coming here for an early dinner one night and it did not disappoint.
The first thing you'll notice is the maitre 'd, who is very friendly.  I had the Hanger steak and it was perfection.  It is served with 3 dipping sauces, but really they are not needed at all.  The steak itself was amazing, so tender and full of flavor.  It was the best steak I've had so far in town.  The steak just melts in your mouth.  It is not cheap, but definitely worth trying if you like steak and want to try a different kind of steak.Hands down my favorite place for steak in the city. Had the skirt tonight which is going to be my go to from now on. Appetizers are excellent and the list of scotches for a post dinner treat is top notch. I have always had great service. Highly recommended.Livin' la vida boca! I am pretty sure I dreamed of steak for a week after eating here.
Came here with the boyfriend. Ordered the Provoleta for an appetizer (grilled Argentine Cheese, Olive Oil & Oregano). Holy moly. So rich and delicious. I'm pretty sure the 2 ft strings of cheese stretching out of my mouth was not a hot look, but I didn't care. I was in the cheese zone. Don't skip this- plenty enough for two because it is so rich. 
Now onto the meat....
I opted for  the hanger steak while my boyfriend chose the NY strip, per our servers suggestion. She noted that the chef said that night's cut of strip was looking particularly good, one step below black diamond. 
 Steaks arrived and both, medium rare of course, melted in our mouths like butter. A nice Malbec complemented them nicely. I opted not even to use the carafe of provided sauces because the flavor of the meat was too good to cover with anything!
  Also, can I just mention the asparagus on steroids? I have never tasted asparagus so EVENLY cooked, tender, and delicious.  The stalks were thick and succulent. The mashed potatoes were excellent as well. Big portions too for sides- one order is plenty for two people to split.
   Already in a food coma, I urged my dining companion (who eats paleo) to try the flourless chocolate cake for dessert while I tried the coconut amaretto ice cream cake. We opted for the dessert sampler which contained both, along with a sample of the Dulce de Leche
Crepes. He loved his, while the crepes turned out to be the standout for me.
All in all- run, don't walk to go get your boca on!We have been to this restaurant several times and love the always love the flavor of their steaks. Last night was no different. We were both very hungry and so we went to la boca. While waiting for our food we started to notice the restaurant was a little dirty. I had something crawling on my wine glass and some form dirt was on my plate. I then looked up and saw so much of dust built up in the rafters that I was contemplating not going back. Then our steaks came...yes we will go back. We just hope that the management cleans the rafters, plates and wine glasses better.I absolutely love this place!! The service is incredible, and so is the ever changing Malbec selection. You can eat paleo here too!Move over delmanico, la boca is our new favorite steak house.
We first started with the Argentine patties which was amazing. Imagine a Jamaican beef pattie but 10x better.
And there was the steaks. Cooked to how you like and it was well seasoned...Good atmosphere.  Great steaks. (Not as good as Chops in Atlanta.)All sides are a la carte.  Fries were good with lots of garlic. No traditional Caesar salad which was a disappointment for my kids.  Chocolate cake was wonderful   But the highlight of the table was my gnocchi.  It was better than any Italian restaurant I have ever visited.We went as a party of 4 after a convention concluded. It's very convenient; easy walking distance from the convention center and nearby hotels. 
3/4 of us arrived early and had drinks at the bar which they offered to move the tab to our table. That is a nice touch and seen too infrequently. The drinks were just right. 
We started with mojillas as an appetizer; man, I love a grilled pancreas. Delicious. We all ordered the special which was an off-menu steak and I can't recall the cut. LaBoca had 4 for the night...gone. We asked them to be cooked Pittsburgh/rare (x1) and Pittsburgh/medium rare (x3). They nailed it, as they always have. Asparagus and brussel sprouts were ok. Sprouts were fried which surprised me. 
For dessert, our table ordered the "digestif flight"...that's what it is. It's the best deal in town...shhh!
Looking forward to the next opportunity to enjoy LaBoca!best Gnocci I have ever eaten! Steaks are on point!Of course love this place. We had a party of 10 go here recently and Joni took great care of us. 
I usually get the bone in filet, but recently I have been getting the skirt steak....to all my steak lovers out there....try their skirt steak...amazing flavors, great texture, cooked to perfection. Make sure you get the garlic fries to go along with you steak. The blood sausage is one of my favorites also.
The skirt steak has a great flavor that explodes in your mouth on every bite. The succulent flavors reach every corner of your mouth while pleasing your pallet beyond belief. How good is it?....I have a full stomach and am getting hungry while writing this review.
Oh Dessert...amaretto ice cream cake with coconut and caramel.....perfect way to end a great meal.One of the best steaks I've had. A little more rare than what I asked for but still tasted soooo good. Also the fries and mashed potatoes are amazing.Serendipitously stumbled into this place because it was the only restaurant with an open kitchen one late weekday night. Thank goodness everything else was closed. The meal was amazing from start to finish. Parmesan salad to start and then onto the special, the ribeye tip cap, which is an  uncommon treat. Meat was outstanding. The fact that they put out sauces seemed insulting to the steak. Sides of mashed potatoes and brocolli Rabe were above average and brussel sprouts were exceptional. Topped it of with the mix of desserts. Very satisfied.Our waitress was very attentive and friendly.  There was so much food...the servings here are enough for two, and it was all cooked perfectly.  They bring you three different sauces for your meal.  I put it on everything.  We ordered empanadas, salad, steaks and sides.  We also had a yellow watermelon cocktail that was really refreshing on a hot summer day.  We will definitely go back.The service and owners are still great people; however, since the move to the new location the steaks have been a disappointment. I hate to say that because everything else on the menu (especially the gnocchi) is still amazing. I've gone only 3 times since the location move, but all 3 steaks have been too chewy to eat. I made sure to branch out with a different cut of meat after the first mishap, but had little luck. This is a great environment with a beautiful bar. I'm not sure what the deal is but hopefully it all gets sorted out soon.Absolutely amazing everything. We did the tasting menu and nothing disappointed, especially the steak. Had left overs the next day because we had so much food. I never thought even cold steak could taste so amazing. Must go!I took my parents here because of the good reviews. I'm gonna be honest. I wasn't that impressed. Maybe I expected too much because many people say it's the best place for steak in the city. I don't know.
I did like the arugula salad--but really, can you go wrong with arugula, strawberries, goat cheese, and fried onions? And the empanadas were good. I also liked the sauces with the bread.
The meat was good too. We got the Entraña Fina con la Piel, Bife La Boca (which I can't seem to find on the menu anymore), and the sweetbreads. Ok. The Entrana Fina con la Piel was pretty cool. I liked the skin idea. Bife La Boca was alright. Now, the sweetbreads. Oh, the sweetbreads. I wanted to like it so much, because I'm supposed to be a foodie, right? It was my first time having them, but I had read about them, seen pictures, and was excited about trying them, and people say that the sweetbreads at La Boca are really good! But unfortunately, it didn't work out for us. A friend of mine says that I might not have liked it because of the way they were prepared, but I don't know. I don't really have any desire to order sweetbreads anymore.
So we couldn't finish the sweetbreads. And it was actually my dad's idea to order it, and he even ordered a second salad in an effort to finish the sweetbreads, but he couldn't do it.
But I still asked for a box, even though we all knew that no one would eat it. You know why? Because I thought that the server was condescending when she was taken aback when we ordered the sweetbreads and she said "are you familiar with sweetbreads?" The truth is, I wasn't familiar with them in real life, but I knew what they were, and I didn't like the fact that she questioned my decision, which I don't know if she always asks everyone that or if she felt like my family was not cool enough to be eating sweetbreads on the regular, but I didn't like it. So I didn't want her thinking, "I told ya." So I got a box. I know, stupid, but whatever.
So all in all, I wasn't all that impressed. Maybe I'm just a plebeian eater. Honestly I'd rather take the amount of money and pig out somewhere else. Probably a Besh establishment (we couldn't go to Besh Steakhouse on this occasion even though it was my first choice, because my sister is under 21).The fried cheese in the iron skillet was to die for!EXCELLENT! Locals, don't walk, RUN to this great little steakhouse on Fulton Street. It is terrific. The Kobe tenderloin and arugula salad - fantastic. This is absolutely the BEST STEAK in town. Chef Jared, Ron, Alicia, Sybil, Ernesto  - they all do their absolute best to ensure that your meal and visit are both exceptional and memorable. Great wine list. Service always excellent. We always feel welcomed here. We go often and have never been disappointed.Made a reservation same day for a group of 5 at 9:30pm. We were visiting New Orleans for a bachelor party. The restaurant is walking distance from the doubtree (next to Harrah's) where we stayed which is cool and convenient. 
We ordered provoleta as an appetizer and it was very yummy. You also get plenty of bread as well. 
I ordered the hanger steak which was excellent. I was almost too full to finish the meal. The steak was cooked just right and it was very tasty. 
This is a great place to take a group of friends or go on a date night. 
I felt like I got what I paid for. 
Only beef is that they can't split checks. 
Definitely 5 stars.I had dinner here last night with my boyfriend and a few of his co-workers.  I was a bit worried because we didn't have a reservation and the woman seemed a bit upset with us 4 for just showing up and the wait was luckily not more than 15 minutes.  She seemed to warm up after a while and was actually friendly.  Our server was Edward and he was great!  A man who appeared to be the manager (my apologies if he was the owner as well- I didn't ask) was most helpful in helping us make a selection between 2 wines we were eyeing and it was an excellent choice.  Since we had 4 people, we could choose from the menu or all do the chefs tasting menu which was an incredible value.  We chose the tasting menu.  There were 3 appetizer courses: the drum bruschetta, then sausage, and lastly a chicken and a beef empanada.  Then was the salad course with hearts of palm and a nice light dressing with a slice of avocado.  Next was the best course ever- the gnocchi with peas and pancetta in a light cream sauce (might have been pasta before salad though.. The wine and lack of sleep as I write this has me 2nd guessing).  Finally was the  steak and sides.  You could pick from a few steaks on the main menu.  The guys had the rib eye and I had the bone in filet- all of us chose to have charred.  It also came with the frites, mashed potato and asparagus (which was seasoned and cooked well).  My only complaint was that my steak had many tendons and was a little difficult to eat (I know I should have mentioned while I was there) but what I did have was absolutely tender and delicious!  I had a few bites of the rib eye and it felt sinful.  Lastly, they came out with a dessert platter. It had a slice of cake layered with ice cream and topped with toasted coconut, flour less chocolate cake topped with a crumbled nut brittle (almond?) and a sinful dulce de leche crepe that all 4 of us could have fought over.  The layered cake and crepe were the winners.  The tasting menu cost us each in the mid 50 range and would have been much more if all separate. The plus side was getting to try so many things.  They also served 3 delicious chimichurris with the meal that were fantastic on quite a few items, besides the meat.   The place is small and would be a nice choice for a romantic dinner as well.  I would definitely go back on my next visit to New Orleans.If you're looking for an old fashioned steakhouse with the usual boring cuts of meat and the tired standard sides(creamed spinach etc) & pointless California overrated trophy Cabs, La Boca is not for you. If you want large portions of expertly prepared meats both unique cuts and traditional ones La Boca is the place to go. We also enjoyed the frites & empanadas. The service is welcoming & engaging. The all Argentine wine list is affordable and has some serious gems. The Sommelier was really interested showing us the Argentine beef and wine experience. Atmosphere was like being in a neighborhood taverna in Buenos Aires. New Orleans is not a big steak town but La Boca is definitely  the best one.This place is phenomenal. The steak is perfection and is everything else on their menu.The Chefs Tasting is the way to experience this restaurant, hands down. With a sampling of empanadas, noqui, chorizo, salad, bruschetta, steak, and a trio of desserts, you can not go wrong and especially at a price point of $50 per person. 
My favorites included the Noqui, the sauce was the star for this dish,  and the Hanger Steak. The steak was perfectly cooked and came through on the waiters claim that "it was as flavorful as the ribeye and as tender as a filet". The other steaks ordered within the group was the skirt and ribeye. Both were excellent. 
The restaurant was small enough to keep the intimate feel but large enough to were you felt like you were not on top of the other parties. All the staff were very friendly. 
All around this restaurant is a must as long as you like good steaksThis is my best place to eat at the French FRIES are the best come one come all and try this place you will love it.Worst service in town. Don't waste your night out or your money!!!! Plenty of great restaurants in this town to enjoy!
Owner needs to clean house & get a new wait staff who acts like they enjoy life. Our waitress was so rude & never asked how our meal was. We split an entree and ordered apps & a bottle of wine but apparently once we told the waitress we were splitting our steak she was ready to get us out of there to turn the table. Serving size of the food is perfect to share but we will never be back. 
Horrible experience!!!!2 friends and I went on a Thursday night at 8 with no reservations. The place was packed. The Host was very excited that he could seat us right away.Everyone here is very passionate about serving and educating you on Argentinian food. This is a meat lovers resteraunt for the most part. After eating here you are defineatly a meat lover. Much better than any recent steakhouse I've been to. Our waiter seemed to get a pleasure out of describing the dishes to us. I fear that this place is off the radar for most people because it isn't traditional New Orleans cusine. However, I think its one of the best resteraunts in the city! Selfishly, I wouldnt mind if it remained a secret so I can easily get a table!La Boca is slowly becoming a staple when I head out to New Orleans. Sometimes you need a break from friend seafood and rice dishes. Sure it's not exactly Vegan/Vegetarian friendly but DELICIOUS none the less. I've had the American Kobe Terras Major twice and loved it both times. Between the flowing wine and the perfect cut of meat, the only decisions left are what side dish to choose from and which steak sauce is your favorite. 
Besides enjoying the food, the ambience is great. The restaurant is relatively small and seems well staffed. There was a rambunctious group last time. They were politely approached and asked to simmer down. By far my favorite detail is when they come by and allow you to pick your own steak knife. They have a fantastic assortment of knives to pick from. My favorite has a silver bee on it where you can rest your index finger while the knife is in use -- genius! It's certainly more thoughtful than generic monstrosity known as a steak knife at a big chain restaurant. 
I can't wait to visit one of my favorite cities and enjoy a great meal.Have been to Nola hundreds of times but my first time here. Hands down the best steak I have had in Nola! A great change of pace to most restaurants that have New Orleans/Cajun type foodMy husband and I discovered La Boca in 2008 when we were in New Orleans for business. We enjoyed it so much we went back for a 2nd meal that trip. Each time I've been back to New Orleans, I've taken my colleagues there for a group dinner. I always recommend La Boca to anyone I know going to NOLA. Not any more. The service was TERRIBLE. Our group of 6 was encouraged to do the tasting menu (food was very good) but they only gave us ONE tasting menu. So 6 of us were trying to figure out if we would order a la carte or do the tasting. Our server (I think his name was Cody) seemed rather irritated we were taking so long, and was rather rude when we asked for a second menu. His demeanor didn't improve over the course of the meal. We are a drinking crew, but we all stuck to one drink so as not to prolong the experience there. The table of 4 next to us had the tasting menu - they brought the same quantity of food for both tables - 3 empanadas for a table of 4 and a table of 6? Same with the dessert portions. For me, the "best" part was when I sent my steak back (I ordered my steak "very rare" and clarified with "still mooing") the waiter took the plate back and handed it to (not sure if she was the hostess, manager, bartender) but she comes back and says "you ordered your steak rare, this is rare" - ummm, no, I ordered it very rare and this is more cooked than the medium rare steak served to the person next to me. The second steak they brought me was perfect (and very tasty). The worst part was probably when the waiter brought the dessert plates and managed to hit my mother in the elbow with it (my 75 year old mother) - no excuse me, no apology, just hit her elbow with the plate (she was facing the group talking and didn't see him approach). 
As per restaurant policy, a 20% gratuity is automatically added for groups of 6 or more. So not only did we get shafted on some of the appetizers, we certainly "tipped" way too much for crappy service.I dont think there is anything like "La Boca" in New Orleans.  Superior meats and service.  For appetizers try the empanadas and the sausage variety platter (chorizo and morsilla [blood sausage]).  With my medium rare rib eye steak, I had grilled asparagus and their ñoqui (potato dumplings).  Delicious!
On another occassion I had their medium rare churrasco steak (flank steak) with chimichurri sauce on the side; this another one of my favorites.
La Boca is a small place, therefore I strongly recommend reservations.Small and cozy. Interesting presentation of fries. :-) Good service.Just perfect: solomillo was cooked to perfection, staff is friendly and knowledgeable without being intrusive. A great experience!Atmosphere was great.  Nice lighting.  Open.  Was very comfortable.  The server and others working there were very friendly and helpful.  My steak was outstanding along with salad and side.  The sauces served with the steak were very good and I enjoyed trying all of them.  Would recommend for a nicer dining experience but comfortable atmosphere.Been here many times. Always great service and really good steaks. Don't bother getting the filet. Every place in town does a filet. Get the skirt and hanger. Seriously, get both! I'll be back very soon.Visit for an amazing glass of wine, delicious bread, and to-die-for gnocchi. Then stay for dinner. The gnocchi has always been one of my favorite dishes of any restaurant ever. Ever! That said, everything I've ever tried here is to-die-for delicious. If they are offering a special, you should try the special. They really do focus on ingredients here, and you can taste the love and care in every dish. 
I love the atmosphere of this restaurant. They mastered an intimate, yet modern feel to the space that vibrates with life while maintaining a hint of home. Casual dinner with friends, a place to bring your out of town friends to show off New Orleans' best, or special celebration - this place is a great choice for any occasion.My wife and I's favorite steak in New Orleans. Great food, atmosphere and wine list! Get the hanger steak, pisco sours are great and don't forget to leave room for the flourless chocolate cake.I love this place. We booked the chef's table for a group of 6. for $45 we received the best 7 course meal i could've asked for. They have a fantastic array of wines from south america and they seem to have a sommolier in house (he was way passionate about wine and findingthe perfect bottle for you). The meal was delectable. The empanadas and gnocci were great. The steak was cooked perfectly and well seasoned. The meal inclused sides of pomme frites, mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts, asparagus and thre house made chimichurri sauces.Great local  Argentinean steakhouse and one of Adolfo Garcia's top places in New Orleans. This warehouse district location has been a staple in New Orleans for several years now for both locals and tourists. I once saw "Rocky Balboa" himself dining on a little protein. I love the bone in filet and think this restaurant adds to the already vibrant New Orleans food scene.Seriously, EVERYTHING was amazing! Brussel sprouts, mash potatoes and steak, a winning combo! You won't be disappointed!The simplistic setting and classic ambiance leaves room for the Argentinian steak to shine center stage! Cooked to perfection our food was simple and delicious. Would recommend for a romantic date or a business soiree.Best steak in town, hands down. Fresh and delicious Niman Farm beef, cooked to a perfect medium rare.   Both times I've dined here, service was excellent.  Just the right note of attention.
  Even if you think you don't like them, try the brussel sprouts, they're the stuff dreams are made of. 
My only "issue", if too much of a good thing is an issue - the steaks are soo big.
   I recommend the T-bone, and someone to share it with.Absolutly love it and Evita whould had cry for the amazing food and the great wines they have at La Boca,this place can give the Palermo naighborhood restaurants of Buenos Aires a run for their money.Words can't describe the amazingly delicious potatoe gnocchi i had ,it was divine!,the service here was exelent and Alfredo please keep smiling.This intimate quaint space comfirms that bigger is not necessarily better,the NY steak and garlic fries were wonderful and the deserts to die for,sooo yummy and a great way to end a great meal.Wonderful little steakhouse in the CBD. I went on St Patrick's Day evening when the city was winding down from the drinking and parades. You could find well dressed customers and customers in leprechaun costumes. Classy place with a beautiful atmosphere. Even better food! The mashed potatoes are to die for. Definitely returning!I have been here on several occasions and it has always been good.  I usually get the Vacio which is a 14 oz Flank steak.  You might says it's a pretty price to pay for (for the most part) the cheapest cuts of meat around but they cook them perfectly.  Melt in your mouth perfectly.  Seasoned just right perfectly and not fussy. I have had the bruschetta which is toast points with smoked drum and super delicious. I have also had the empanadas which were pretty awesome as well.  We always get the asparagus so I can't say much about the other sides.  If you are looking for a solid steak experience, this is your place.This is my favorite steak house by far in New Orleans. I think the staff is knowledgeable and friendly and always remember me when I return. The steak is AWESOME!!! Fresh and always check to see what the cut of the day is or what they'd recommend. I've never disliked anything I've had there and I've tried every appetizer, salad, dessert and multiple different steaks. The sauces are so goooooood too!!! The flourless chocolate cake is to die for, and you get to pick your own knife to eat with - who doesn't love that!?!!!!!!??!! And the wine list is fabulous with a good array of options at a variety of prices. I think they are by far the most reasonably priced steal house I've been to in the city and look forward to every meal!It's been about a year since I was in NO for a conference.. And it's actually time to return to that conference but it's in a different city each year.. This restaurant was one of the highlights of my trip. I decided to take break from all the seafood and po boy sandwiches and get some good old steak. It was the best meal I've had in New Orleans. Ordered sausage for an appetizer and their special for that night- I think it was a Kobe steak. Amazing! It was so good I duplicated my order before I left to have it again at the hotel when I got back :) 
If I ever return to the big easy this place will definitely be included on my restaurant circuit!Best Skirt Steak i've ever had. 
we went for my friends birthday & we had an amazing time
the cheese appetizer is amazing. 
the sampler plate is great too. 
so happy.Living in Charleston, we are food spoiled. We have (what we feel) to be some of the best restaurants, chefs, and food in the country, and every time we travel we get really hopeful that we will go somewhere and have our socks knocked off. We always ask for recommendations; people rave about restaurants, tell us we have to go, and we do...and ultimately end up disappointed. We ate at La Boca while on vacation in New Orleans, at the recommendation of a friend who is from there. Let me just say...it has been a LONG time since I have had a steak that good. I had the top sirloin, and we had a side of the fried brussel sprouts, which were amazing, as everyone says. I never saw the old location, but the new spot is beautiful inside. The service was attentive without being overbearing, and our waiter was genuine and lovely. We had a nice little table for two in the window, and had a romantic, delicious meal. Yum. Highly recommend.Best steak in NOLA? Confirmed. I'll get to the food, but let's start with the wine and service. 
Sommelier (Ricky) and server (Ron) were wonderful - funny, attentive, and just awesome people.  We got an amazing Argentinian bottle of red wine that complemented our meal (Finca el Origen 2010 Malbec). 
Dining experience at La Boca begins with "choosing your weapons" - they present you with a case of different fancy steak knives, so you can choose your weapon of beef destruction. 
We ordered three steaks that Ricky and Ron helped us choose: the special, hanger steak, and ribeye, all from awesome grass fed ranches in Oregon. For sides, we got the brussel sprouts, mashed potatoes, and the pear salad. Every single thing was delicious. We all experienced that "oh shit I just jizzed my pants" foodgasm. 
I recommend every steak and especially the brussel sprouts! Definitely up there for the best meal I had while I was in NOLA, and I am really not a steak eater. 
Can't wait to go back!Wonderful, small little steakhouse in the Warehouse District. We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated immediately. The service was impeccable; they were all so eager to explain the dishes to you. We got to pick our own steak knives, which I always love. And they decant the wine- so classy! We let the restaurant staff select our wine and it was a great choice.
The steaks were both well cooked and the sides very enjoyable. An excellent experience. 
I think this would be a great place for a date. It's small, intimate, and a little off the beaten path.Easily one of the Best steak restaurants in New Orleans. I love the atmosphere, service, and food. It is moderately priced for a good steak house. They have the blood sausage which is really good. I always get the ribeye. They have 3 different dipping sauces to try with the steak. Everyone will have a particular favorite sauce but all 3 are good.Nice ambiance, good wine, good food, good service.  Word economy is in, people.Man, I really like this place.  Nice space, smallish but too stuffy, almost casual vibe.  Nice u-shaped bar in middle of the place with good drinks and pleasant bartenders.  Great steaks (grass fed and not drowned in butter).  I like the variety of dipping sauces.  Sides are really gooch too - garlicky fries, great mashed taters and large creamy gnocchi.  If you go with 4 or more and they're not too rigid try the tasting deal-it's only $50 and you get choice of steak, adequate apps and couple difference sides.I'm don't know how, but it gets better and better every time we go. Tonight was no exception. Dinner was great, the drinks were perfect and Ricky was spectacular as always. 
I'm sure we will be back within a few days. 
LOVE this placeIn a city that lives to eat, this place is a must try. Good atmosphere, great food, try the hanger steak!Excellent service, great food, and kid friendly. Exceptional wine selections. I recommend the Hanger Steak. It's to die for.I looooovvvveee this restaurant!!! Our first time was last night and we will definitely be going again. The service was phenomenal, from the moment we walked up to the restaurant. The valet, the greeter, the wine connoisseur, our waiter, and other waiters. They were all just great. Great steaks, great wine selection. Steak was cooked to perfection, side of asparagus was yummy, just everything! Great restaurant!Its expensive. Its meat. Its wonderful. 
Try the tasting menu (45$ minimum 4 people). You will go home happy.Came here recently with my career mentor to celebrate a milestone. We started out with the bruschetta appetizer, which was fresh and delicious. The empanadas were also tasty though not as memorable. Out of the steaks we shared, the skirt steak was my favorite- more tender than expected and chock full of good flavor. Of everything in the dessert sampler, my favorite was the caramel filled crepe, with the very rich flourless chocolate cake as a close second. The highlight of the experience though was the awesome variety of Argentinian wine. A gentleman, (maybe the manager?) came over to chat with my mentor about the new location of the restaurant and then offered some great quality and value selections. He was even able to describe the location and owners of some of the vineyards which produced the wines he suggested, and the flavors didn't disappoint. Had a great time and will happily go back when I'm hungry for a unique steak dinner experience.Loved this place!!!! It's expensive but worth the money! I've never been disappointed! I can't wait to hit American soil to go back to all my regular favorites! I love he ambience, the food and he service. I've never had to wait long to be seated and I've never left disappointed. I recommend everyone in the area to try it. I love the variety of dishes they offer and the steaks are phenomenal! I don't think I have ever been disappointed with a steak here. I also love their salads! I love that I can. Go here for any craving I have and not leave disappointed or wanting more.Just had an amazing culinary experience. Tasters menu with the 18oz  45 day aged bone in sirloin was one of my top 5 steaks ever.Came here on my first night in New Orleans.  Not gonna lie, going to a steakhouse while in the NOLA was not at the top of my to do list, but after a series of unfortunate events looking for a place to eat, I'm really glad we did stop here.
We were seated immediately by a friendly gentleman and young lady.  We each ended up ordering Ribeyes.  Boy oh boy, amazing.  Cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the quality of the flesh was great.  Most definitely prime or high quality choice.
A little pricey, but that's expected for a steakhouse.  Service was good.
I would certainly come back.Unbelievable! First of all, the food is good. However our experience was bordering on bizarre. We had a party of eight all CEO's or Presidents of local midsize to large businesses none of which are Prima  Donna's. Just regular guys. We were seated at a table against the wall that was pretty tight for our group. We asked to move to a larger table in the middle of the room and was told it was held for a party of 10. O. K. The waiter was attentive but abrupt with some normal questions. But when one of our guests asked for a scotch and water and I asked for a rye and soda, the drinks came reversed with the scotch having soda and rye having water. I didn't care that much but when the scotch drinker told the waiter that he wanted water, the waiter dashed over to the bar where he brought back the charge ticket that said that the scotch was with water. It was obvious to three of us that the scotch had soda but just because the waiter said that the paper work said water, it had to be water. Totally ridiculous. You think the Brennan's would have questioned this? So being proud of our city's restaurant food I talked to the manager on our way out. Only to inform him what happened so to help improve their experience. By the way. The table that we asked to move to was broken down to a table for six. They were very comfortable. The manager was unsympathetic to say the least. A 20% tip was added to our bill. No problem. We gave the waiter 8 credit cards. No problem. All signed their respective chits, I counted them to make sure there were all eight accounted for and pinned them to the nice, cork recipe tray.  While waiting outside for the valet the waiter comes busting out and says he only has 7 recites signed. I told him to go back and recount because I had checked it. He came back out and said he had them all. This was not only a bad experience but then I was compelled to take time to right this long review. It's a shame because the food is good.Wonderful bone in filet. The gentleman had the chorizo bifete and he loved it. We had the fries and a great glass of wine. Pass on the dessert the bread on the cake was dry. Otherwise. Devine cuts of meats and sauce. Melt in your mouth. Holler!The steak is very good which is why it's getting 2 stars however the service is absolutely horrific. Our moodie server who looked like Wilson Phillips did too many sun beds was just plain rude. First it was like she was doing us a favor by waiting on us. A comment that came out of her mouth when I asked if we had ordered enough food was " I don't know your appetite" and then I asked her if we would like the sprouts was i don't know what you like. She was just terrible and she ruined our meal. She spoke aggressively and ignored me when I asked her to tell me about the wine I ordered. If I'm spending $50 on a steak, I expect the service to be on point.So the other night, my husband and I had one of our BEST date nights,ever, here.  This big room is the perfect setting for a date.  Its really dark and cozy and has "romantic" music playing.  The decor is perfect.  We couldnt stop talking about all the interesting items the have in here.  The top of the bar, if you were to look at it from above, is shaped like their embelem.  Pretty cool.  All of their light fixtures are covered with steel grill grates.  
  I was so embarassed, but even though I went to a steak house, I ordered pasta.  I have to imagine it was just as good as the steak would have been.  It was a pancetta and cream sauce dumpling thing and it was amazeeee.  It was a huge portion as super rich, so I ate on it for a couple of days.  The only thing I had that I wasnt crazy about was their special drink of the night, "The Watermelon Drink".  It was super chunky and had a good bit of cucumber without any added sweetness; so it tasted more like a health drink than a cocktail (health drink plus vodka).
This was our first visit to the new location, but we will definitley be back!I went for a retirement dinner with 12 colleagues. And it ended up being absolutely undoubtably the WORST service I have ever received. The server was not only not polite but was just flat out rude. 
I asked for extra olives in my martini and was told they have "given me all the olives they could give me " I asked the server if she was ok and why she was being so rude. I reminded her that she is the server and I am the customer. 
I have a bad habit of talking with my hands and As I was complaining I almost slapped my colleague sitting next to me in the face.  
My colleague then  said "you almost slapped me in my face" 
The manager of the restaurant then came over and proceeded to accuse me of threatening to "slap the server in the face" 
And at that point  I lost it and got very upset. Telling the manager what awful service we received. The manager did apologize profusely 
The service virtually stopped at the end of the meal, no more drinks were refilled. To treat a table of 12 customers who drank and ate in this establishment in such a terrible way is inexcusable, especially because of bill was $1500. 
I do have to admit the food was very goodYou have to grab 3 friends to go here for the tasting menu!!!! I've been here about 3 time and always do the tasting menu. This menu is only for minimum 4 people and you share a 7 course meal! First they bring you a personal salad, then gnocci to share, then meat pies to share, then sausag to share, then whatever steak you chose, then finally share 3 desserts! its between 50-60 per person and so worth it. The gnocci is the best in the city, I almost liked it more than my steak. The steak is cooked perfectly. Ive had the flank and the filet. I would go with filet everyday now. Keep up the great work!The noise level is anything but average. We are a party of four, VERY hard to hear each other and the waiter description.  Looking forward to seeing how the food is. Btw the on line menu does not align with the current menu. No T Bone. No 24 oz bone in rib eye. Both reason we selected here.Love this place. The steaks were great. I recommend the sampler app to start. The service and staff were top notch. I really found this restaurant to be one of the best I have eaten at in 2012.Melt in your mouth steak and garlic fries better than any found in San Francisco.   Make sure to try each of the three steak sauces provided, just don't go overboard on the chimichurri.Wow!!!!!!!! This place is so FANTASTIC!!!! Very classy and delicious food all around! Definitely recommend the Chef's tasting table as you get a little bit of everything!DELICIOUS!!! This was definitely the best meal we had during our visit to New Orleans- and we had a lot of good food during our trip. We went there the night we got engaged and both had steaks and they honestly were the best steaks we have ever had. We loved everything about the restaurant, highly recommend it and wish we lived closer so we could eat there again. The atmosphere, food, service and wine made our special night even more special!By far the best customer service I've had.. Hannah was amazing, patient, and had great recommendations for myself and partner. No doubt we will be back.. Thank you again.
The food was phenomenal!Went here for dinner last night because I keep looking for the perfect steak in NOLA.  (Stupid, I know... being from Chicago...  I should be eating the seafood down here but hey, I've had a lot of blood-lust lately.  What's a woman to do?) Saw the reviews for this place and decided to check it out.
Nice atmosphere.  Watermelon cocktail was awesome.  I order the skirt steak medium rare, my friend ordered strip steak well done.
Her steak came out medium... mine was so rare it was cold.  She sent hers back and I should have sent mine too so that isn't the fault of the establishment that I chose to eat cold steak (I was really hungry).  Still, I just wasn't impressed.  None of the sauces were very good to put on the steaks.  The mashed potatoes were good and the brussle sprouts were just okay.
Not an awful place but no reason to really want to return when there are so many other resturants I have yet to try.  If you do go, try the watermelon cocktail-  it is rather refreshing.