Finally made it to La Crepe Nanou after wanting to go for some time.
K and I were hungry and it was getting late, so I was trying to find a place that was open late. I searched for "dinner" in the Yelp search box and selected a couple of neighborhoods. I was scrolling down quickly and saw that La Crepe Nanou was going to be open till 11 p.m. This was the winner.
We parked not far from the place and walked over. It was a beautiful night. There was a cat lazily lounging about on the host's table/podium thing right by the door. There was a couple waiting before us when we walked up, but we were all seated promptly.
K's allergic to shellfish so that ruled a lot of menu items out for us, but we still managed to enjoy an awesome dinner. We shared the Crepe au Poulet to start with. We got some Pinot Gris to go with it. Our server warned us that the Pinot Gris was a little sweet. It was really sweet, but I (and K, too) like my alcohol sweet, so it worked out for us. The best part of the Crepe au Poulet was the Ratatouille, which we got on the side (I don't know how it normally comes). I just wanted to sit with a big bowl of that Ratatouille by a fireplace. It felt like home, because it reminded me of my host mom in Paris, who used to make us a big pot of Ratatouille about once a week.
Then I had the Duck (special) and K had the veal with tomato sauce. Honestly by this time I was getting really full, so I only had a little bit of my duck, which was really good. But I'm not good at the whole fork-and-knife thing when bones are involved (my French host parents used to tell me to just use my hands when I'd struggle at the table), so I gladly took most of it in a to-go box so I can go home and pick up the meat with my hands. The grilled veggies that it came with were also very good. K enjoyed his veal, as was witnessed by his clean plate.
We didn't have room for dessert, which was a shame because I really want to try the crepe with the Creme de Marrons.
I'm definitely gonna have to go back to try the mussels and the Crepe Marrons.
And this place *is* really cute. Aside from the lady at the next table being really loud, it was a great spot for our date.Crepe Nanou was good but not as special as I'd hoped! I wish I could give it four stars instead of three because our waitress was spectacular. The fondue we got was pretty good and came with endless bread so we were full after eating that (but obviously still tried a dessert crepe--the lemon one, which was very good) so we ended up paying less for our dinner at this restaurant than we normally do at say, Carrabba's. I was disappointed that, despite having a reservation, all the tables were full and we had to wait a while for one. All in all, it's a quaint restaurant (but not as quaint or Parisian as I had hoped) with pretty good, but not life-changing, food and at least one spectacular waitress. Wish I could remember her name! I had a pleasant eating experience but nothing is drawing me back.In the heart of the city sat a small, often forgotten shop, situated between two larger and much more modern brick buildings. For many years, people shuffled about each day, so absorbed in their daily routines that they never even noticed the shop's unusual albeit unique storefront; a cluster of rudimentary wire birdcages with open tops and protruding twigs, allowing for beautifully colored exotic birds to come and go as they pleased. Magnificent crafted toys of wood eerily reminiscent of the great DaVinci. A friendly black cat named Ishmael who appeared to meander throughout the shop much like a ghost, disappearing and reappearing when he saw fit to do so. And books! So many books! For a shop so small, the book shelves seemed to span endlessly. Only the Library of Alexandria might have rivaled its collection. 
The proud owner of the shop was called Tasso. No one knew much about him other than that he reminded many of a jolly grandfather. His smile was contagious, his heart was warm and well, that was enough to satisfy just about anyone.
On a particularly hot summer day, the shop's front door bell chimed and in stepped an elegantly dressed gentleman. He politely removed his hat and proceeded to the counter. "It's been much too long, Baron!" Tasso exclaimed excitedly.
"Ahh, the last days of the week are finally upon us, my good Tasso!" Baron Montesquieu proudly proclaimed as Tasso anxiously greeted him. "Therefore, my wife and I would very much like to partake of the coming evening's splendors. Perhaps you've a potent recipe with which I might conceive a meal so grand that it may illicit overwhelming sensations of pleasure and exhilaration that sweep her feet from the ground below?"
"Oh yes!" Tasso exclaimed. "I'm quite sure I have just the recipe your heart desires.  I'll just have my scribe summon it for you. Caius!  Caius, where are you, boy?"
"I'm sorting your records, Sir, just as you asked me to do" the young Caius humbly replied.
Tasso shuffled to the rear of his shop and shouted up to the young boy who was perched upon a ladder near the vast bookcases; his scrawny frame twisted from the weight of Tasso's large volumes.  He peered down from above like a protective gargoyle hunched on the corner of the town's bell tower.  
You'll mind your tone when speaking to me, boy!" Tasso admonished. "The regal Count Montesquieu has delivered us a quest so come down at once! We mustn't keep him waiting!"
"Yes, Sir" Caius affirmed.  Placing the volumes on the shelf, the young boy quickly shimmied down the ladder and stood at attention before Tasso.
"Caius, my mind is not what it once was...Please, retrieve my ancient codex from the study. The formula must be precise; otherwise we might bring great peril upon Baron Montesquieu! Quick, quick now, boy! Do as I say and make haste! The Baron is waiting!" At that moment, Tasso appeared to have lost himself in deep thought. "Ahh, it has been many years since my eyes did gaze upon that old, dusty tome!"
"I've found it, Sire! There appear to be the scribbles detailing strange women, indeed and their place of residence! Methinks I have the wrong book! Could this be your old address book, Sire?" Caius inquired shockingly.
"Foolish child! Tasso cried. "How dare you so leisurely peruse my personal files! That was a time long ago! Long ago, I say again! Come now, purge your mind of such perverse thoughts and help me back to the storefront." The boy took hold of Tasso's arm and guided him through the narrow bookshelves.
The baron stood patiently at the counter admiring the many antiques from various regions of the world when Tasso addressed him. "My sincerest apologies, Baron but my mind fails me for it appears that I've misplaced my book of recipes."
"Oh, goodness me!" exclaimed the Baron. "Whatever will I do? Your knowledge and wisdom has steered me straight for ages, Tasso! Tell me what I should do and I'll do it!"
"Fear not, Baron, for you shan't fall short this good night!" Tasso stated firmly, wagging his finger with affirmation. "On the corner of Robert St. and Prytania resides a quaint restaurant, perfect to impress your wife! Its name is La Crepe Nanou. Its staff serves exemplary French cuisine and on a cool evening, you are permitted to dine outside, romanced by the stars. Might I suggest for an entrée both the superb Crepe au Poulet in white wine sauce and the mouth-watering take on the classic dish, Ratatouille, the Crepe Provencale. For dessert, finish with the Crepe Suzette; delectable orange cream and Grand Marnier flambe'."
"From the deepest recesses of my heart, I thank you most sincerely" said Baron Montesquieu, bowing slightly. "My wife will be thrilled!" As swiftly as he had arrived, the Baron was gone.
Tasso turned to his young scribe and patted the boy affectionately upon his shoulder. "This above all lad, remember always to be kind. Do great things with love, for it is the greatest force in the universe."
FINAnother last minute recommendation from a friend. We had a marvelous dinner at La Crepe Nanou and were charmed to no end by the setting, the staff, and the selections. This is certainly not local cuisine, but it is well-accomplished bistro fair in a gorgeous space. A can't miss!i had high hopes for la crepe nanou. it brings back memories of parking in the CVS lot and running across the street to the creole creamery. it smells like new orleans and fish and deliciousness. the menu sounds amazing. unfortunately, it did not deliver. the food, at least what i ate, was mediocre at best. the salmon was cooked like chicken (very well done, chewy) and the sauce was tasteless.
however, with the decor factored in i would have considered giving this place another try. that was, until we had to deal with the waitress. 
i understand that large parties in small restaurants can be difficult. there were 6 of us, so not a huge table, but still a lot for one waitress. when i ordered a glass of riesling, she kind of glared at me and asked if i had ever tried riesling before (umm... no, i just randomly order glasses of wine at expensive restaurants). i explained to her that i knew what riesling tasted like and she shrugged and walked away. when the riesling never came, i figured her judginess had made her forget my order but didn't give it a second thought until the bill came and she had charged for it. when i brought it to her attention, i thought she would apologize wholeheartedly that i went my whole meal without a drink but instead she just grabbed the bill back and gave us a new one. 
then we broke the news to her-- we had to split between 3 paying on cards and 2 paying cash. one of us, the bride-to-be, wasn't paying, which shouldn't have been an issue-- just divide the bill by 5, tip was already included. she rolled her eyes and asked if we wanted change. had she not asked, we probably would have left the change as an additional tip but she said it in such a condescending way that there was no way she was getting more than the 20% already billed.
20 or so minutes later, she came back very angry that we hadn't given her enough cash. actually, we had given her $10 more than needed but she did the math wrong. but somehow that was our fault. she made no apologies and just told us to come up with more cash. we never saw her again, but we left a pile of change to make up for the few dollars "missing" with her miscalculation.
everybody, including many girls who are actually waitresses, left with sour tastes in their mouths over the experience. what began with raving about the food ended with ranting about the obnoxious waitress. it pretty much killed the night and i will not be returning, no matter how good the crepes looked.This was a first for our Foodie Club. And we gave it 5F's (which is a good thing ). The fondue was fun. The food was Delicious (not so much the crepe with cream spinach, but can't wait to go back for the smoke salmon crepe!!). The atmosphere was lovely. The service was excellent.I just love this place. It's romantic, and it has always been a pleasant experience every time I have been there.  On my visits i've enjoyed escargot, pate, fondue, veal, 2 or 3 different crepes, the filet, a few desserts that I can't recall, but everything has been a good experience from a food perspective.  I have yet to go and it hasn't been busy.  I can't imagine braving this place on Valentine's Day!  It's a NOLA staple place to go and like I said, always an enjoyable experience.Great place to dine out! The food is always great and so is the atmosphere. The price points are low to mid range, there is always a parking spot close by, and the wait is never to long. One of my favorite local spots.Food and service were excellent.  I had a crepe with smoked salmon, capers, etc.  Wonderful.  My friend had a crawfish pasta special that was also excellent.  While the decor is nice, there are so many tables crowded too close together.  A private conversation is impossible as you feel you are "with" the people at the next table.We went here cause we heard about the crepes.  My bf had the beef crepe which was not that great.  The only thing I had was the mussels which was tasty.  Overall it was ok but I wouldn't come back for the entrees.  We also had the dessert which was ok too.  Besides the interior it looks too I dont know dusty and water was running on the floor.  I just wish it was cleaner.Service was good. The ambiance was romantic and relaxed. A small location but worth the money spent.My favorite place to eat in the Uptown area ! If you're looking for an authentic and fun French-New Orleans food fusion, this is the place ! 
The crawfish crepe is savory and fills you! The pasta entrees are excellent ! The wine selection is varied and matches their dishes well ! 
The atmosphere, though often very busy - is cozy and welcoming. Dinner is worth the cost, and in terms of the experience - is very reasonable !
*tip: always call and make a reservation ahead of time or you won't get seatedI don't write a lot of negative reviews, but when an experience warrants it, I will do it. La Crepe Nanou has earned this 2-star review.
I've now visited on two different occasions. The first was much better, and I didn't review that experience. But I'm keeping it in mind as I craft this one. I remember thinking that my meal was decent on my first trip, but given the prices and the upscale ambiance, I was expecting more. The second trip was pretty much a disaster.
After some confusion about where we were going to be seated, my friend and I settled into a table in the back of the room. The onion soup sounded delicious, even though it was hotter than Hades outside, and we both ordered a bowl. We were both really enjoying it. Then I bit down on something that felt like a chicken bone. This didn't feel good on my tooth. So I took this hard thing out of my mouth and examined it. A chicken bone it was not. This was a piece of hard plastic that looked like a part of a kitchen utensil or tool that must have broken off. I called our waiter over and he was extremely apologetic, which was nice. I didn't want to take it out on him, since it clearly wasn't his fault, but I was not pleased. He quickly brought me a new bowl of soup (sans plastic) and told me he wouldn't charge me for my soup.
For my main course I had the crepe with crawfish and crabmeat, or something like that. While it wasn't bad, it was extremely bland. There just wasn't much flavor to it. But I did enjoy the basket of fries that I got on the side. For dessert my friend and I split the crepe with chocolate, vanilla ice cream, and strawberries. Can't possibly be bad, right? Right. But it just wasn't that good. It didn't taste fresh. The crepe wasn't hot. Neither was the chocolate. It was just completely unimpressive.
I'm not itching to return to La Crepe Nanou any time soon. In my opinion, it's overrated.Tres, tres delicieux.  
Ok.  So here's the thing:  The last time I received formal French instruction, I was approximately 15.  I cannot remember, bless my little heart, how to even SAY '15' en francais without turning to google in desperation.  I do know, thanks to the stylish and inimitable Eddie Izzard, that le chat est sur la chaise, and le singe est sur la branche.  As you can imagine, should I ever find myself abandoned in gay Paris, I will be in sore shape and will do little to further French-American relations.  (Although, on SECOND thought, if I AM ever in gay Paris, perhaps mention of Eddie Izzard will score me points, as he is a magnificent travesti d'action...)
In my ever-long list of Things To Do To Ensure I Am Not A Stultified Dullard, I realized during a conversation with a co-worker and fellow Foodie that I had never tried escargots.  She was a frequent visitor to La Crepe Nanou and insisted that I remedy this travesty immediately.  Always game for adventure (ADVENTURE!), we hastily made a date to meet for a late dinner at this lovely little restaurant.
Little.  Did I mention it was little?  Tres charmant, but SMALL.  If you are claustrophobic, be forewarned:  They REALLY pack the tables in at LCN.  This restaurant is TINY, but it has TONS of charm and truly feels like a European bistro.  Tucked into a sweet, gentrified little neighborhood, on a side street, the sidewalk was overflowing with an eclectic crowd of people.  There was a small bar outside, which was unmanned, and a neighborhood cat who was more than delighted to lounge about, being fondled, and attempting to sneak sips off of random martinis that were discarded on the counter.  Eventually it slunk off into the night, but we were assured that it comes back every single evening like clockwork.  
When our table was ready, we were sardined into the cafe across from the bar.  The tables were so close together in this area that, had it been quiet enough to actually eavesdrop, I am certain I would have become intimately familiar with the patrons mere inches away.  No worries, though!  It was party-loud, effectively drowning out any attempts at real conversation.  This left you with nothing to do but savor your food, and ohlala, the FOOD...  If you've never had 'authentic' French food, please do yourselves a favor and visit this restaurant.
I have forgotten what the others ordered, but I can tell you that the Soupe à l'Oignon, Escargots, and L'Amberjack Grille were succulent and delicious and largely did not disappoint.  The menu is full of interesting items, like quail and sweetbreads, pate and fromages.  For dessert, we shared the Crepe Josie (lemon curd crepe that was simple, and tart, and, sadly, the only disappointment of the night) and the namesake Crepe Nanou (which BLEW ME AWAY).  I am typically  not a coffee ice cream kind of chick (coffee-anything, really), but this was creamy and ALL KINDS OF YUM up in your mouth.  I highly recommend it, although I'll warn you that there are so many dessert possibilities that sound mouth-watering that you'll be hard-pressed to choose just one.The place was recommended by one of my former colleagues when I asked him for "a restaurant with an intimate setting". He did me good. Real good. 
 Though it's little out of main strip, the restaurant had almost everything you can ask for- good food, service, atmosphere, and easy on your wallet. Though food was excellent, I remember the serving being really good and that should be mentioned highly. After all we eat out for a good dining experience and bad service can ruin even the most amazing meal. 
 There are a lot of great restaurants in French Quarter and Marigny, but if you are in NOLA for more than a couple of days and want something different... do yourself a favor and hit this spot. Only thing missing is walk out and cobble stone streets filled with music and bar scene likes of more touristy area... just walk down to Magazine Street or hop on a cab and go back to Frenchmen... the NOLA you dreamed of come right back at ya.I am a lover of french food and crepes. I have been to NOLA a few times, and I have yet to try a true french style restaurant. I was looking for something a bit lighter on the wallet and found out this place had a great lunch menu with a cheaper price range than dinner. 
One of the first things I noticed was the decor and ambiance. It felt cozy and homey but very inviting. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful in explaining some of the specials and menu items. I like Ratatouille, and she recommended I try the Ratatouille crepe. My boyfriend ordered the Vietnamese style crepe with a shrimp sauce in the middle. We both tried each others, and they were amazing!
The beverage menu selection was great too! I ended up ordering a Mimosa and my boyfriend opted for the Holy Grail beer.
I will absolutely be visiting here again on a return trip!Crepe Nanou is so delicious.  I absolutely love its little location, too... smack dab in the middle of uptown, and in a busy enough part of town that any night feels like a fun but low-key night on the town (think: you can go grab some ice cream from Creole Creamery afterwards).  The thing about Crepe Nanou is it's right at the point on the spectrum where you can make it a nice date night or a celebration out of it, and then the next weekend come in wearing jeans with some coworkers.  
Food is really tasty and prepared expertly with fresh ingredients.  Both times I've been, the salmon was cooked to perfection.  Service is usually really attentive.  The place doesn't take reservations, so try and get there a little bit before you're hungry and grab a French 75 cocktail at the bar while you wait.
My one tiny gripe is that I came here one time and ordered mussels, a dish that classically comes with fries.  The fries that we were served were very obviously frozen french fries from a bag.  Not the worst thing in the world, but a little disappointing from a restaurant otherwise serving fresh ingredients.I've been eating here for 18 years. Tonight was amazing we had a group of 4 and lots of champagne. The server was wonderful very knowledgeable and personable. I had all the specials on the board a salad, soup, ,whole red fish it was all fresh and taste. The place was packed per usual and we had drinks at the bar before we sat down. This place is always on point and always a go to for us.Great experience. Had many choices for Valentines Day but went with Crepe Nou Nou. Really nice prefix menu but would have preferred some crepe options but food is always good here.Consistently delicious and the atmosphere is intimate and lovely. Always welcomed by Joe the Maître D who is so great and sunny. The food is so delectable. You cannot go wrong with any menu item. Leave room for dessert.  Crepes Nanou is over the top.So disappointing. For 14 years, La Crepe Nanou was my go-to restaurant. I loved going for a casual dinner and having the cheese and pate board, the French onion soup and especially the whole fish. Best of all, service was always incredible. 
My regular waiters left a year ago and for some reason I had not been back since. Last night it felt like I was dining at a completely different restaurant. The food was ok but the prices were 30-40% higher than they had been for years and the service was mediocre at best.
It really pains me to write this review because I used to consider this a local's gem.Whoa, this place is different from what I remembered, it used to be dark inside and now they have unique windows to cast some light, very nice!
Came 6 pm and was immediately seated.  We had an older guy serve us and by older, i mean balding head and glasses.  SO friendly!  
Had the fruit de la mer st jacques to start...fruits de la mer = fruits of the sea = seafood!  lump crabmeat, shrimp, and crawfish tails baked with a little wine and cheese....yum!  dip the bread in and you get a gooey delicious mess!
Friend had the shrimp and crepe and i had the moules / mussels.  Hmm...it was too much for me, I had to take it home....haha my mom didn't like the wine sauce too much.  
We totally saved ourselves for dessert:  Crepe Lucile - vanilla icecream and fresh strawberries w/ chocolate sauce and whipped cream.  Table next to us had some fantastic looking crepes too, but ours was delish!!!
It totally got crowded quickly...so glad we came early.  My friend didn't like the fact that the seating was so close...we saw a few butts too many!I'm SAD and DISAPPOINTED!  My best friend found a cigarette butt in her mussels!  My husband and I moved to Brooklyn after Hurricane Katrina but we return home for a visit at least twice a year.  We always make the effort to eat at Crepe Nanou with our friends.  It was for us, a New Orleans restaurant institution we loved until our dinner last Friday, April 14th.  Everyone at our table has worked many years in the service industry and in fact, we all met at a restaurant/music venue almost 2 decades ago and still remain best friends.  I managed a restaurant in New York City and my best friend, who found the cigarette butt in her mussels, is the general manager of another New Orleans restaurant institution.  We all know stuff like this can happen and know how it should be handled.  No one came to our table to apologize and when my friend asked to see the manager we waited 20 minutes before she had to get up to find someone.  When she finally talked to the owner, he had the audacity to blame her for putting it there for a free meal. As you can imagine, she was insulted. We were all shocked and disappointed that the owner Rich handled the situation so rudely.  I am sad to say we will NEVER return to one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Crepe Nanou use to be so consistent with the food and the staff.  The staff was great.  The food I was so shocked because once you go enough you know what you like.   The escargot has no hot at all and had to be sent back. Second time came warm not hot.   The lamp chop was better then the veal.  The sauces in the past were great.  The chocolate mousse or pudding dessert was not the norm.  The taste had changed and the texture was grainy not smooth.  So sad old kitchen staff left.   I so loved Crepe Nanou.  Please get the food back the way it use to be.  Atmosphere and staff are excellent.Breakups are hard, but even after 15+ years, today proved that there is no future in this relationship.  We saved our pennies to eat here twice a year or so as our "special event" place, and the experience was always singular in its excellence, so it meant a lot to us since our wallets don't allow for restaurants like this too often.    What was once a well-run restaurant that served exquisite, simple food has devolved into a place where:
--Though I took the trouble to make a brunch reservation because it is Mother's Day, when we arrived to the near-empty restaurant, were shown to the table just next to the entry vestibule, treated like an afterthought (we were reseated upon my request);
--Daughter and I ordered our favorite vinaigrette avocados, but the kitchen only admitted that there weren't any ripe ones in the place when other tables began sending theirs back (we were stunned, since this has always been on the menu, has always been perfectly ripe as served, and the main part of the dish, so IMO an amazing lack of interest, or desperation, for the kitchen to try and serve);
--So, no appetizers, but our entrees (crepes all, no duck, chicken or steak) still took 40 minutes to arrive;
--Our server checked on us twice: once to refill my daughter's coffee as we waited with the empty table for our food and last when we had been sitting with our empty plates and my empty iced tea glass...awhile;
--My kids liked their entrees, but my smoked salmon crepe's "with asparagus" meant two shriveled spears too tough to eat.
It seems to be fine doing Uptown neighborhood business, so they no longer need to be exceptional, or treat their diners so, either.
EDIT: first time ever from a restaurant - the food made me physically ill.  Wow.Excellent!
The chicken braised in white wine crepe, and the rib eye au poivre (special) were very very very good!
Too bad I was too full for dessert.
This place is Cute! inside.I came here tonight for the first time.  I ordered the mussels (large) to start. I couldn't believe how many there were! I really enjoyed them. I got the special soup of the day which was tomato basil. It was maybe the best tomato soup I've ever had. It was absolutely delicious. They must have made it with fresh tomatoes! My friend got the salad nicoise and he loved it.
Although all the appetizers were amazing I felt like the entrees weren't as good. My friend got the angel pasta with shrimp and it was pretty bland. I ordered the caramelized onion crepe and I didn't think it was very good. 
That said, I'll be back.We found this place by accident after seeing the long lines at Creole Creamery on a Saturday night. The Crepe Suzette did not disappoint-with its delicate orange slices, ice cream, and rum flambé. This dessert is both sweet and pungent, with its whipped cream and strong rum flavor. Pro tip: Don't underestimate the power of the liquor.Food was just above average, but overall experience is a great one. The place is set up like a French Bistro and the atmosphere is very Parisian and romantic. The food is nothing to brag about. The variety of crepes are their signature dish, but there are other items there for you to choose from. 
The real charm of the place is to have a nice relaxing slow meal in a nice romantic setting with lots of charm. It will feel like you are dining in Montmartre.Some friends of mine brought me here for my 19th birthday, and it was such a lovely experience. The food and dessert are so delightful and outstanding. Prices are a little pricey, but it was worth it. Service was outstanding despite their full-house. Decorations and atmosphere are just lovely. Just what I need for a great birthday dinner.During my visit to this town my husband INSISTED on dining at a French restaurant for some hearty crepes.  Since his favorite NOLA place closed a while ago, he found this place via Yelp to try.  
Solid non-pretentious French food, including solid crepes.  My husband's ratatouille crepe topped with curry chicken was well made though I didn't think curry mixed well with curry.  My beef bourgignone crepe was very hearty though I thought it would have more of a red wine taste that would elevate it beyond the beef stew that it tasted like.   I have to admit I've never had proper beef bourgignone before so I may not know any better.
Dessert crepes were also good.  The crepe marron was pretty good with the mix of chestnut cream and coffee ice cream flambeed with alcohol.
A quality local restaurant serving authentic French food without the pretentious atmosphere and actually family-friendly.Doesn't matter when you go, you can be assured that the server will be a disinterested eyerolling poseur. Can't stand the place because of the attitude you get from all of the staff. It is as if you are bothering them to even be there. They've lost me forever.Awesome place, Great food and super friendly. The manager set a special table for us outside because we had a dog with us. Food was excellent. Our waiter from Paris was great.Had dinner last night at La Crepe Nanou. I hadn't been there in at least 10 years. For some reason it had completely fallen off my radar...though I always enjoyed it way back when. I was celebrating a special occasion with my SO and decided to hit it up again. 
Things started off a little rocky when we were seated in the back room, which felt like a furnace. Also the table was so wobbly that I knew a glass of wine wouldn't fare too well on it. For the life of me, I don't get why restaurants don't address unstable tables. We asked to move and were taken care of graciously. 
Everything after, everything from the service to the food, to the atmosphere...was excellent. 
We ordered a bottle of Veuve and were shocked to see that it was only $70. That is really cheap for a restaurant. 
Appetizers: 
Mussels - Delicious and flavorful broth and the mussels were cooked perfectly. A 
Gratin Fruits de Mare - A delicious seafood au gratin. Perfect to dip your buttered bread in. A 
Salad: 
Mixed green salad with toasted walnuts and blue cheese. Was very good and big enough for us to split. B 
Entrees: 
Filet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce - This was definitely the winner of the night. I am always hesitant to order steak in a restaurant because they are always overcooked. I ordered it rare, and I got it rare. It was extremely flavorful and tender. It came with sauteed veggies that were also incredible. The fries were perfectly cooked and crispy. A++++++ 
Leg of Lamb - While the flavor of this dish was incredible, it was slightly overcooked. He ordered it medium rare and it was medium. I personally would've ordered it rare because I'm always fine with meat being under cooked, but I'm never fine with it being over cooked. But nonetheless, he enjoyed it immensely. B 
Dessert: 
Crepe Marrons - OMG this was insanely delicious! Coffee ice cream, chestnut cream and rum flambe. I don't have a huge sweet tooth, so we shared this dessert. I made a note to myself...GET YOUR OWN NEXT TIME!!! It was that good. A++++ 
We didn't have anything to drink other than the bottle of champagne. Our total with tax and tip was $190. 
Overall: A- 
Although we can't credit LCN for this, we had a good chuckle at the pretentious preppy guy there with a group of friends....that had his sweater on inside out! Not kidding!Not a bad little French place uptown... 
The namesake crepes aren't bad but go for the mussels. Perfectly steamed in a garlic butter sauce. Excellent! 
Unfortunately I wasn't as impressed with the crepes. I had the ones topped with crab meat and creamed spinach. My dining companion had the ones topped with crawfish. Both were good, but, well, forgettable. 
With the above said I will note that the prices aren't bad at all. The same goes for the wine list - a somewhat limited but otherwise nice selection of mostly French bottles (no surprise there). I selected a very reasonably priced white Bordeaux that was an excellent complement to the meal. 
I will also note that the restaurant itself is very cool - it has a very urban vibe and is a perfect fit for the neighborhood. The interior is a bit dark and the seating is a bit tight but to me that adds to the atmosphere in this particular situation. Someone noted that ambiance is very NYC - I agree! 
Bottom line: by no means the best restaurant in town, But it is romantic, reasonably priced and serves kickass mussels!Amazing restaurant for some great French cuisine. 
I have been here a number of times and I am just getting around to writing a review, but the restaurant is wonderful.  I have never had a bad experience there which always keeps me going back.
The crepes are very good (of course) and I usually find myself ordering the fish of the day -excellent.
The back room can get a little loud, so ask to sit up front... but other than that, great restaurant.Carrot soup, moules mariniere, redfish, crawfish crepes.  Need I say more?  How about a chocolate crepe for dessert that was so decadent she couldn't finish it!  Wonderful atmosphere, stellar service.  Be sure you get there BEFORE they open, if you want a good table without much wait.Maybe the Crepes are good? That's not what I ordered so I must have missed the boat. The decor and set up were very quaint but the ambiance was missing without some light soothing music playing in the background. 
The service was sub par. I would tell you who not to have as a server, but unfortunately she never gave us her name. The specials sounded like they would be good, but thanks to the wonderful service, I didn't hear about them until long after I ordered. 
The escargot was OK, though I have had much better and would not go back for it again. The appetizer with the crab, shrimp, and cheese  (Gratin de frut de mer)sounded much better than it tasted but it wasn't bad. 
Lamb chops are one of my favorite types of meat because there is so little that needs to be done to experience perfection. Cognac sauce and a lack of salt, however, are enough to mask the natural delight of a great selection. Add that to some French fries with a dark caramel complexion and you have the makings of a less than satisfying dinner.  
Maybe the Crepes are Good?On a recent 16 date tour with the band we had ONE DAY OFF and thank the lord we were invited to dine at this wonderful place by some local friends.  The ambiance is perfect, service is wonderful and the food is amazing.  We had the chance to meet the owners as well and they were (as expected) totally awesome people. When I get back to New Orleans I shall be dining in this fine place again.I found out about this restaurant thanks to Yelp and I'm glad I did! This was our first meal when we arrived in New Orleans and it did not disappoint. We went on a Thursday night around 6:30-7 and thought we'd have a wait but we didn't. We were seated at a cozy 2 person table immediately. A server came write over to us saying they'd get us some water and then gave us time to make a drink decision. We ordered a bottle of red which was priced comparable to other restaurants I frequent. Our waitress was prompt and courteous the entire time, and didn't hover over us to leave which was great! 
I started the meal with the French onion soup while my husband had the special potato leek. Both were phenomenal! The only better French onion I've had was in Paris! My main dish was the Crêpe Bourguignonne and it was just delectable! The meat was tender and it was like having an amazing beef stew over a warm crepe. You can't go wrong with it. My husband had the Crevettes au Vin Blan, which is shrimp in a white wine sauce with pasta. I'm not a shrimp fan but it looked amazing and there were 6 huge shrimp in it! I also ordered a side of ratatouille, which wasn't amazing, but I'm picky when it comes to that dish. 
For dessert we had the Crêpe Marrons, a crepe with coffee ice cream, chestnut cream and a rum flambé. I loved the chef coming over to light the rum, it made the dish that much more delicious! And entertaining to boot! We also both had 2 after dinner drinks - my husband the Uptowner and myself the Kir Blanc. Both excellent mixed drink choices! 
We went in there knowing it was going to be a more expensive dinner, but it was completely worth it. While I couldn't afford to eat here like this every night, you could come here and eat a crepe without breaking the bank. If you are looking for a really delicious meal in a cozy environment come to La Crepe Nanou!La Crêpe Nanou is a lovely experience both in ambiance and dining. They have the best mussels in town served with fries. I have had quite a few of their delicious specials, enjoy the Crêpe Bourguignonne and interesting salad selection. The onion soup and seafood gratin appetizers are superb. French sauces are superior so I many times order grilled asparagus with Béarnaise sauce as a side and I love their Mornay sauce so I more frequently order their Crêpe au Crabe because they use jumbo lump Crabmeat served with  sautéed spinach. Yum!My favorite restaurant in New Orleans. Great food. Great service. Great drinks. Only serving dinner.Deliciousness in every dish. So good. I don't get there often enough. Can hardly make my mind up when I do go.Absolut mon! Fabulous!
The service, the saumon grillè with lemon caper sauce, it was incroyable. We had little pots of tea and the whole experience was wonderful.
Real french food and it was fantastic.Wonderful, just wonderful! A great staff- interesting cocktails and an intriguing menu! The sweetbreads with pickles were great!We have eaten at Crepe Nanou twice now.  I learned a valuable lesson on our first dining experience.  I hate savory crepes.  It's possible, I just hate Crepe Nanou's Crepe au Crabe, but either way, I thought the dish was gross.  Because the place has Crepe in the name, I figured a crepe would be the way to go.  It was not.  
We repeated because Shari V was jonesing for mussels.  For our area, La Crepe Nanou seemed like a front runner for having some killer mussels.  We showed up for an early dinner, not too busy but a decent crowd for a Tuesday night.  I think this place is classy with an intimate ambiance.  Both times we ate here, we've had great service.  The water glasses are tiny but our waiter was on point.  Never let us go dry.
Shari V and I went all in for the mussels.  We both ordered two large Moules Mariniere.  It comes with a boat load of fries.  The mussels were cooked well.  The sauce is a white wine sauce.  Very tasty especially if you like garlic, which I do.  The fries are probably made in-house and are decent.  My favorite part of the dish is easily the white wine sauce.  I save a little house bread to clean up after I gobble up those last mussels.  
La Crepe Nanou is not my favorite neighborhood French bistro, but I did enjoy their mussels.  We will probably repeat.I went last night in a big group - I really liked it, but I wanted to share our experience because no one liked the entree crepe (with crabmeat and spinach).  Everyone that got a crepe as an entree coincidentally ordered the crabmeat/spinach one, and people were upset that it was too heavy, too mushy, no texture.
however, the ones of us who ordered non-crepes for an entree (mussels/frites; steak/frites), loved it!  Also, the appetizers (seafood cheese dip, fondue, french onion soup, salad tropicale) were AMAZING!  
Finally, the dessert crepes were out of this world!  
And, for a big group they were very accommodating - it helped that we went on a Tuesday.One star because:
1. Food is ok, not bad but not exceptional. It would be 3 stars.
2. Service is very slow, took 45 minutes to start getting the food.
3. They forgot one dish for one of us and one side. When we all had finished they brought him the dish. The side was never served. 
4. The A/C was blowing cold air directly to us. We has to ask four times before they did something. And even then they were unable to change the air direction.
All and all a very poor service experience with ok foodAwesome bread, soup, and shrimp dish  my wife loved the crepes and usually states she hates them. Amazing ambiance tooThe only thing going these days in favor of La Crepe Nanu is the ambiance .  It still is a pleasant restaurant to eat in.  But the food and service....BAD.
The waitresses act so disinterested, almost snooty.  Not friendly at all.  They must think that is how they should act in a french bistro setting, perhaps believing that is how people act in France when waiting  on Americans.
And the food, meh!  We ordered the special salad - tomato with burrata.  The tomatoes were as bad as any you would purchase at a chain grocery, not ripe, hard.  We sent it back and the waitress commented that they were heirloom tomatoes. They were not.
Onion soup - tepid upon serving.  
Paneed veal was okay with buerre blanc sauce.  The accompanying pasta was plain, plain. Tasteless.  No sauce on it.  And the side vegetables, broccoli  and squash seemed oddly like frozen veggies.  
On the positive side my wife liked the lamb chops.
Go if you want to sit in a pretty space - but don't go for the food at those prices.Yes, yes, yes! This was a wonderful place for a more-reasonable-than-expected dinner. I loved everything. Even the vegetables on the dinner plate had a special something about them. They have a very reasonable, though not extensive, wine list, and the signature crepe dessert is to die for. Bigger than you expect, so share it!Four of us had Sunday brunch at La Crêpe Nanou today and we all had superb meals. We started with their famous appetizer specialties. For the table we shared a large bowl of their fabulous mussels steamed in white wine and garlic then finished with cream. This is such a lovely French restaurant so how could we not have their caramelized onion soup served with Gruyère cheese over a  toasted baguette. Plus their bread is awesome. I ordered the neatly presented brunch special of two halves of an English muffin each topped with a fried soft shelled crab (that our server said had been delivered live this morning!!), topped with perfectly cooked poached eggs and served with an inventive chili sauce. Brunch came with a wonderful salad. So delectable!!! My girlfriend had what I many times order, Crêpe au Crabe served with luscious Louisiana jumbo lump crabmeat, sautéed spinach and Mornay sauce. The other two gals had exquisite grilled salmon fillets with Béarnaise sauce, grilled asparagus and a lovely salad. I love their delicious French sauces and that they serve them on the side in small gravy boat style servers. And speaking of servers, two lovely girls smilingly attended to our every need.Great food. Great atmosphere. You feel like you just walked into France. Recommend the crawfish crepe and all of the dessert crepes.Price: CHECK  --20 dollars for a WHOLE fish with yummy veggies and rice????
Ambiance: Check  --very romantic, very French
Service: Check  --attentive, warm, and super professional
FOOD: SIMPLY DELICIOUS!!!!!
The place does not take reservation! So be there EARLY or be prepare to wait.Had a wonderful meal here before going to see "House on Haunted Hill" at the Prytania. Sweetbreads were fantastic. Staff was friendly and courteous.The bread and butter are amazing. The red wine was exquisite. Those two together reminded me of communion. The escargots were super tasty reminding me of my earlier days in Venice. I had the crepes ala crab. Amazing. We finished with the specialty dessert tres ice cream scooper. Reminisce of my Baskin Robbins days. Shout out to my best friend Eve on her 50th birthday. We love her so much: 11/12/2016Everything was delicious. This place is a real gem.
Try the Mussels , get a steak or a whole fish. Finish with a crepe.
This place is better than most Parisian Bistro's in Paris.I love a good crepe. I think taking delicious things and wrapping them in a nice, tasty bundle is my idea of culinary heaven. Since the French typically do it better than most, I wanted to make sure that we made it to La Crepe Nanou, a fabulously intimate French bistro.
It was really everything I wanted it to be. Quiet, casual and very, very tasty. There was a great variety of both savory and sweet crepes. There was everything from crawfish, to shrimp, to filet and lamb. It was really hard to decide what I wanted. They also have a very suitable wine list and plenty of by-the-glass options. 
We walked right in at 7 p.m. on a Wednesday, but La Crepe Nanou does not accept reservations. The wait can get lengthy on the weekend, so be prepared.Truly love this little place...and its truly little.  Sometimes there's a wait line but worth it.  Good spot for a date and food is very good.Crêpe Nanou is the perfect recreation of the best corner restaurants in Paris: the food is cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, and the ambience is lovely. I never felt like a waiter was ignoring me OR putting pressure on me to order, and all the food is spectacular. My spouse and I each had lamb chops, but I had the special (crusted with pecans! Divine) and my husband had the regular. Lamb is so hard to cook and nobody ever actually serves anything medium rare, except Nanou. The chops were warm and red with a perfect sear, and the accompanying asparagus grilled just so. 
We had Crêpe Suzette for dessert. This can be overly sweet, but Nanou's was just the right amount of orange and vanilla to taste balanced and wonderful. 
I can't recommend Nanou highly enough!Another awesome place to bring a friend. Great wine selection. Great food. Service has always been great. The crabmeat crepe is usually what I order. Yum!Loved everything about the place! Great food and wonderful service. The staff actually works together as a team which is a breath of fresh air in this town.  I would recommend it to anyone who wants an upscale casual dining experience.What a great experience! Service was great, and the atmosphere was very romantic! The mussels were extremely good, and the other food was ok. Nothing I would go two days in a row for, but over all it was a great experience!We had a fantastic dinner last night, starting with cocktails and their spin on a Pimm's cup along with a nice tequila rocks.  We loaded up on appies, mussels, escargot and the charcuterie plate - tastes were great, rich with garlic and served quickly and on temp.
For the main, we split a crawfish crepe that had a delicious if a bit heavy cream sauce and licked the plate.
We hit the nearby Creole Creamery for dessert.
Ambience was good - we have a 4yr old so came a bit early. The place filled up while we ate, noise level was fine and service good.Really great food and affordably priced, well worth the investment.  After eating at August the night before I was worried anything could live up to it, but Crepe Nanou held it's own.  I've had a number of dishes there and nothing lets you down.  Service can be a bit rushed an impersonal, but who cares if the food is great.Loved the Mussels! Service great. Funky warm hospitable place. Best grilled asparagus I've EVER had!!This is one of my New Orleans faves!  It's a pretty small place, but the atmosphere is absolutely fantastic.  Totally, 100% French.
I absolutely loved the bread and cheese appetizer, but I also had the pate and wasn't terribly impressed.  Normally I love pate, but it was a little less spreadable than what I typically like.  They also gave us three different kinds on the plate, and the lightest colored one was pretty universally disliked.
The crepes are awesome, however.  I've tried the crawfish crepe and the one with cheese and onion - both fantastic.  I also stole a few of my sister's french fries, which were kind of amazing.
I've never had bad service, although on some nights, there's a pretty substantial wait - which isn't so bad since the bar has a neat selection of wines to pick from.My wife requested crepes so we tried this place on our trip. We arrived before six when they open and waited for them to open. Service was quick since it was at opening time, mid week and after tourist season. Our first server brought a bottle of sparkling rose and our main server explained the specials. We started with the pate plate which had wonderful duck and pork pate as well as two types of sausage with olives and pickled onions. I had the crab crepes and my wife the crepe Provençale, the vegetable crepe. Both were good. I really enjoyed the way they brought out the crab flavor. My wife and I both liked the creamed spinach on the side. And she liked the way the filling of her crepe was prepared. Dessert was a really nice caramel dish like a pudding but dense. We both enjoyed that.Loved the crepe de la crabe and cheese plate. The Kir Royal made my night! Get there early, this place fills up fast.La Crepe Nanou is one of my favorite date restaurants in the uptown area. I have tried almost all the Crepe's available and have not been disappointed in any of them. I have tried the large bowl of mussels also and they were delicious.  A modest wine list is also available if you are a wine and diner like myself.  There is a pleasant/romantic ambiance to the restaurant and the staff has been friendly enough for my taste.I think that it's probably impossible to put my experience here into words, but I'm going to try. After years of wanting to visit Le Crepe Nanou, I finally had the opportunity, and I may never be the same.
I'll start at the beginning. I knew it was going to be a good evening when I was greeted at the door by a red cat sitting on a stool.  Seriously. I think he works there. He was greeting people.
I walked in and was immediately taken by the atmosphere. The inside is small and dark, but cozy and nice. We were lead to a small table and given a menu. In the dim lighting it was difficult to read, but I was able to make out the basics and I knew exactly what I wanted.
First and foremost, I knew that I wanted to try the cheese plate. They brought out a board of assorted French cheeses. I can't remember the exact names and I know that they switch them up a lot, so I will just say that they were delicious and just as you would expect in a nice French restaurant. They came with a side of some fruits, which I feel really brought out their flavor and added a nice touch.
For my entrée, I decided on the filet mignon. It came medium rare and cooked to perfection. I asked for it topped with a béarnaise  sauce and it was decadent and rich and delicious. The meal also came with a side of grilled vegetables and pommes frites.
Throughout the meal, I enjoyed delicious red wine, which complemented my entrée wonderfully and delicious fresh French bread and butter added a nice touch to the entire meal.
I will absolutely go back to La Crepe, hopefully sooner rather than later. The entire meal was an experience that I won't soon forget.Ok so this was my second time coming to this place. Our first experience was pretty good. The mussels were good and the wine selection was great. I had the caramelized onion crepe( can't remember the name) but was very good. 
The second time we went, the service was  slow and the cheese platter was embarrassing. Like we ordered the cheese platter for "four" people and it was enough to feed a damn grasshopper. I'm telling you I had to call the waiter and ask him if that's seriously the cheese platter. 
I'm all about fancy food being small portions but this wasn't like that. This was embarrassing. The cheese emoji on my phone is comparable to the size. 
Cute romantic location 
phenomenal decoration inside
Decent food
Horrible prices
Retarded sized cheese
Seriously the cheese portion is embarrassing
Don't buy the cheese.. Buy an abundance at rouses for the same price..
If you want a good laugh, get the cheese.The food was good for the long wait.  Not much of an area to stand to wait.  This is not the place for a romantic dinner as it is small and VERY noisy.  Check your bill.  They have a habit of adding on drinks you did not order!Outstanding value!!  Huge portions and defined, individual flavors.  The flare of French cuisine is omnipresent in every dish.  Moderate prices make this place a go to spot for food, conversation and if you're lucky enough, romance!Although I haven't lived in Louisiana for almost two years now, every time I go home to visit friends and family Crepe Nanou is on top of the list of restaurants to visit. 
It is my absolute favorite restaurant on the planet. I had mussels last night at a great place where I live in Atlanta but it brought back a longing for the best dish I've ever had from the tiny French restaurant in the Garden District. 
They're not open for lunch nor do they take reservations but when I lived in New Orleans I didn't mind waiting an hour or more to eat here as frequently as possible. My family went here to celebrate important events and I've taken dates here since the atmosphere is really romantic (despite being so close to other patrons since they're always packed). The wait staff is incredibly efficient and knowledgable and had become like family over time to us, especially Richard who always takes good care of us when we come in. 
The food is a work of art. From the garlicy mussels with pomme frites to the quail to the crabmeat crepes, there is nothing bad on the menu. It's hard to decide what I want between the enticing apps like cheese and pate plate, amazing entrees and creative salads. 
I hear their dessert crepes are awesome but I don't think I've ever had room for dessert while dining there.My wife and I wanted to try this little restaurant. We were both quite amazing on the different type of flavor offerings at this tiny but very beautiful little restaurant. The exterior looks very authentic European French and the food was amazing! My moth is watering again just writing this review. We had the stuff Avocado with crab, the fondue, black mussels and the salmon entree. Very very delicious! Would highly recommend this restaurant. Amazing atmosphere and great customer service. Prices very reasonable. EnjoyI love the decor of this restaurant. Very intimate and it is very nice for a special date. I actually liked the mussels they were well prepared and the shrimp crepe that I ate was ok and my honey's food was ok as well. The place doesn't WOW me, but it was an experience!So awesome.  I miss the cat that used to be out front.  There's a painting of him inside.  Best onion soup and crepes.  Beautiful atmosphere, great prices.  Worth the wait.  Bring someone for their birthday.What a fabulous French restaurant! Order the escargot and soak it up in their fresh French bread! I really enjoyed their salad nicoise and their veal. I hope to go back soon to sample even more French flavors!Wonderful dinner last night!  We had visited previously and decided this would be our first meal on our trip this year, mainly based on my husbands fond memories of the Manhattan from the bat which didn't disappoint.  I had the special crawfish angel hair with porkbelly and it was fabulous.  We went with the chocolate mousse for desert which was perfection, light and fluffy. This surely will be a meal memory that will bring us back again.