Service is aweful. Rolls and food aren't bad. The last three occasions I have been in this place, the service was slow or non-existent. The last time (which will be the last time I set foot in there). I sat at the sushi bar at 1PM on a weekday afternoon for 10 minutes without being acknowledged.I came by here and sat at the sushi bar after work. The experience was great. The people are nice and the nigiri and sashimi was delicious. Mrs. Jennifer (the owner) is a nice lady and will sometimes strike the first word in a conversation.EMERALD ROLL is the best!!!! 911 ROLL is another favorite. I haven't had ROLL I didn't like here. Service is fast, staff is supper friendly!Easily one of the best sushi places in New Orleans. We had the gyoza dumplings and seared tuna tataki for appetizers. Also always have to get a cup of hot and sour soup and this one is the freshest I've had in a long time. And the wait staff was quick and friendly. I'll definitely be back.Excellent sushi at a very competitive price.  Terrific lunch special.  Pretty varied menu if you are with some that don't go for sushi.I went to the Lakeview Pearl twice in one day, for lunch and then for dinner. I had such a great time at lunch I didn't mind the doubling up when a friend suggested it for dinner, and it's nice to have a nearby place.
The two different servers were both really, really good. Fast, friendly, attentive service. I loved the Poboy Roll and the Burning Man. I'd rate the food as good, not outstanding. Decor is fine, and I love the different dining spaces - inside, counter and porch. The music choice was bizarre and way too loud, but the waitress had it turned down after we protested. (I'd love to find a Japanese restaurant that played Japanese music!)I wanted to leave 5 stars because the food was amazing and perfectly seasoned. But it was a slow monday night and I think we got stuck with a busser as our server he was very unkempt and messy looking. Maybe they were short staffed but it was some of the worst service I have ever received. I'm a server and would never walk by a table three times without asking if they needed anything. The other server was a blonde girl wish we had her she seemed to actually know what she was doing. Out server was inattentive had to flag him down which I hate doing to get a refill on my drink, and to place our order. I felt ignored by him the whole time like we were burdening him with out business. I will eat here again because the food was so good best gyoza I have had in this city. Hopefully we will get a better server next time. All of our food was amazing but the service just was awful.Really enjoyed my asparagus rolls and my boyfriend also enjoyed his dinner. Not too crowded even though it was the weekend and service was promptSo far the best sushi I've had in the New Orleans/Metairie area!!! The food was superb and the service was just icing on the cake. I grew up in Asia surrounded by very good Japanese and other Asian cuisine so when I moved here last year, I've been on the hunt for something comparable to what I always had back home and I finally found it. 
This has been the freshest sashimi I've had so far. The SALMON MELTED IN MY MOUTH!!!! It was that good. And this tuna salad with asparagus and cucumbers was to die for. We got 3 rolls: Rainbow, Emerald, and Crazy girl. They were all very well made and tasted absolutely delicious! Excited to try other kinds of sushi and maybe branch into the other kinds of food they offer. Will definitely be coming back! Again and again. 
PS my brother loved the shrimp tempura. I wasn't able to taste it but it did look pretty legit, not just floury and full of breading.  definitely worth a try!One of my favorite sushi spots in the city (if not my favorite). The pearl has never disappointed. Whether it is sushi, drinks, or other food, it has always been a nice experience. If you can, sit by the bar. The head sushi dude is always talkative and friendly. It is a cool little location in Lakeview.I had a girls' lunch at the Pearl yesterday, and as always, had a really nice time there.
We're always greeted and seated right away, and yesterday was no exception.  
It took a while for our waitress to take our order, but I do understand that she was very busy with several tables. 
I am a creature of habit.  My standard order is usually the Pearl Salad - it's so good! Fresh tuna and salmon, and full of other goodies, like seaweed salad, cucumbers, and a bright, tangy dressing.
Yesterday I ventured out. Soooooo glad I did!
We shared several small and large rolls including the Dirty Old Man and the Crazy Girl.  Aside from
the names being hilarious, the rolls were delicious!This is a fine sushi place if you live in Lakeview and don't want to make the trek uptown, but its not really 5-star. Decor was tasteful, and the music (80's pop) was a little loud.
 We went as  a big group for a friend's birthday, and I do have to say our server ROCKED! She was really friendly accommodating, and prompt. We brought a cake for the birthday girl, and she held it in the kitchen for us and brought it out sliced, with candle lit! She was also very patient with us as we pulled the classic 10 orders, 9 credit cards act that big groups tend to do. Give this girl a RAISE!
The food was just ok. I really enjoyed the miso soup, but everything else was a just meh. The asparagus roll only had 1 spear of asparagus, so it was tiny. The spicy tuna was pretty tasty, but they add avocado as a filler (a nice idea to cool down the spice but this chunk was huge!) and my 2 end pieces a were artfully tucked into the middle of the presentation to hide that they barely had any filling at all. I also ordered salmon sashimi, which was tasty. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals, though one kitchen order got lost in the shuffle. Our rockstar server took care of it promptly and without confusion or hesitation.
All in all, it's a decent sushi place, but I doubt I'll make the trek to Lakeview for it again anytime soon.
I really want to give this place 2.5 stars, but since they haven't been open very long, I'd say it was a solid 3 star effort.I honestly do not know where the previous reviews came from...possibly the growing pains all new restaurants experience within the first few months? We enjoyed it! The wait staff was very professional and could list everything that was in each roll - and we asked about at least 7 of them. They were very polite (extremely polite considering we came in around closing time) and checked on us frequently. My boyfriend got the miso soup and liked it a lot. I love smaller sushi rolls...I really do not enjoy having to cut a roll or having trouble keeping it all in my mouth -not attractive! They have great size rolls!! The Metairie and summer roll were delicious, As well as the safe bet - crunchy roll! We will definitely go back!Gave Lakeview Pearl another try about a month ago. Have been back several times and the food has been great every time.Ok, I admit... I am a little picky when it comes down to sushi, so at first, even through this place is closest to my house, I am a little skeptical about it. However, after few times visiting this place during lunch with coworkers, I am liking it here!
When I first go to a sushi restaurant, I usually order sashimi or sushi plates to try out their fish quality.  It was very good in fact!  Then I try out their recommended dishes.  The Upside Down roll was highly recommended, so one time, me and my boyfriend finally tried it.  IT WAS AMAZING!
Also, the servers are friendly and helpful.The food was great!  
First time visiting Lakeview Pearl and it was an awesome experience.  The service was great and the food delish.  I was with a large party (family) so we all had different dishes but it was all good.  I ordered the Lettuce Wraps and had the Honey Pecan Shrimp for my entree.  OMG the food we so good.  I tried the sushi (tuna & salmon) and it was yum.  I don't live in New Orleans anymore but when I do go back to visit, I will definitely be back to Lakeview Pearl.  We had the opportunity to meet the owner Ms. Jennifer and she was a delight.  Thanks so much Ms. Jennifer for such good food and great service!We were seated and served on a good time frame, the food was good. They have french fries for the kids! I got take out from there, and my order was correct and delicious.To be honest, I expected better. If you live in Lakeview and don't feel like driving too far to get sushi, then this is the place to go. The food is good, but I've had better. The decor is nice, but again, I've seen better.
The service was kind of slow as well. They  brought our food out separately, which is a no-no in the food industry. However, it was our waiter's first day so I can't be too hard on the service since he was still learning everything. Everyone who works here seems friendly though.
All in all, I'll only come here if I'm in need of a quick sushi fix. Otherwise, I would much rather make a trip out to Sake on Magazine or Little Tokyo in Mid-City.Great sushi and easy take out. The quality of the sushi is always very good and their rolls are well prepared.Shoutout to whoever worked on NEW YEARS DAY like she worked all them tables BY HERSELF! It's a great place to eat sushi. I never had a bad experience hereThis place never disappoints!! I come here on a weekly basis and always leave satisfied. Fresh sushi, fast service, and conveniently located. What else can u ask for?Everything is so fresh. The service is great. Appetizers are amazing. A bit pricy, but it's sushi, so what can you expect. Definitely would recommend the crazy girl roll (salmon, mango, shrimp, and snow crab topped with spicy mayo). 10/10 would recommend.I had hoped for a nice addition to the lakeview area that offered a nice smattering of Asian offerings. I was sorely disappointed. I love sushi, my wife not; so if she could get Chinese here and I get my raw fish fix it would have been great. Unfortunately there were only a handful of basic chinese offerings, the Kung Pao she ordered arrived with a missing ingredient - peanuts. They brought them out after we complained. My sushi was not good. Yellowtail was bad fishy. Presentation was lacking, not even the little plastic green grass with the wasabi! The wait staff was ill informed about the offerings. The sweet shrimp sushi I ordered amazed the waiter who had never seen fried shrimp heads which come with the order and thought the shrimp was actually supposed to be sweet. Decor seemed dark and uninspired for a brand new place. I will probably follow this place and see if it gets better, but for now I am just disappointed.I'm glad to have this place in lakeview. Either the other reviewers had a different experience than I did or they are just much pickier than I. Although the service was just average, I thought the food was pretty good. It's not the best sushi in the city but I had the lava roll and a spicy tuna roll, and both were fresh and very tasty. I think this place will continue to get better with time once it gets into it's groove. I would give it 3.5/5 but I'm so excited that its so close to my house I'll let the 4/5 stand and hope it lives up to it.I am sushi fan and trying to eat sushi when I travel. Someone told me that this place is good so I tried sushi today. Trying crazy Girl roll, Mardi Gras Roll, and Sunset Roll but it was big disappoint. Spicy supposed to be spicy but it was not.. Crazy Girl roll supposed have more mango slices instead of just two... Mardi Gras Roll supposed to  have spicy crawfish, but it was just mix with mayo and less spicy.. Sunset roll has tuna & Salmon but Tuna quality was not good neither... Cheap ingredients...This is me and my husbands go to place when we want to treat ourselves. The staff is friendly and service minded without being too energetic and in-your-face friendly. Lakeview Pearl's interior is relaxed yet modern with just enough decor and lights for our taste. It's a restaurant where I gladly would bring both my husband or my friends for a dinner. I have to recommend the Tiger Roll, every other sushi restaurant I go to I always try and find something similar to this delicious dish. The only reason for why I'm not willing to give The Lakeview Pearl a 5 out of 5 stars is because of the fact that it's quiet expensive. We will definitely be back, soon enough.Lettuce wraps were not good, very breaded and sauce wasn't great. Fish in the Lakeview roll didn't taste fresh. Have given LV pearl a view changes & still have nothing great to say.While not my favorite sushi in NOLA, this is definitely a great place. I often do take-out and load up on their specialty rolls. Very convenient now that I've moved to Lakeview. The restaurant itself has great atmosphere and decor. The sushi is always fresh and well prepared.What happened to this place? I loved it when it first opened. The food quality just went down!! the owner called their prepackaged seaweed salad  "fresh" ... crawfish roll was just horrible and salmon didnt taste fresh...just bad ...we left without finishing our meal...Great service with a smile and delicious sushi. Brown rice is an option, which makes it that much greater. Everything was fresh, tasty and wonderful. Can't wait to go back.Not going to lie, I'm a bit of a Pad Thai snob... Decided to give this one a try since I'm new to the area. Requested it extra spicy with extra veggies and neither of those things happened. Verrrry bland and overall just plain. I do not recommend at all. Metairie roll + cream cheese was okay. Their spicy mayo is different, but goodI have since visited The Pearl a few more times. And while I haven't tried the curry dishes again that I so disliked, their sushi is very good. Sticking with that.First time here and the service is great. Delicious sake. Excellent miso soup and custom sushi to our liking. I suppose it helps that I went with a regular but I had a great experience.1)Excellent service and attentive staff 2)the best thing about Lakeview Pearl is that they will make sushi rolls without rice, and can make many of their dishes gluten free, upon request. My wife and I went for the first time and had a great experience, as this is an immaculately clean and well kept restaurant. We got a wasabi diamond roll without rice, and it was just as delicious and filling. We will go back soon!Today for lunch I visited lakeview pearl. I had the pot stickers to start, which were very good. For my entree I had the beef teriyaki, slightly over cooked due to the sizzling plate, but I enjoyed the flavor very much. Next time I will try some of the sushi.My boyfriend and I came here tonight. Worst service experience we've ever had at any restaurant. Walked in about 830 and went to sushi bar. The tables and booths looked pretty full but the bar was open. At most places you can just walk to the bar so that's what we did. The sushi chefs neglected to greet us. We basically awkwardly sat there for 10 minutes waiting for someone to approach to take drink orders and get a menu. We didn't get a menu for about 10 minutes and then had to be at least 20 minutes for drinks. When we were finally Waited on we asked for an appetizer of the noodle salad which was actually good but we didn't receive that for about 15
Minutes. No one came to check on us for refills once! Sushi chefs were not very sociable. Two employees got into a discrepancy right in front of us. I understands its a newer restaurant but there is no organization. As far as the food goes, it was not bad at all. I've had better but it was okay. Based on service alone we will not be going back. They will not last if they don't tighten it up. Disappointed for the area. I would think of something a bit different for the lakeview area. Seriously disappointedHave been here several more times and each time was better. We had Tao and JoJo as servers and they were great. Food is alway delicious.Very clean and nice ambiance. Special rolls were amazing. Would definitely visit again.Ate here today for soccer break. Rolls were very good and fresh. Order of fried rice was great but $8 for a cup of rice was a bit much. Setting is very nice and bathrooms clean.I love this restaurant.  We literally come here all of the time, and it's always delicious.  We also order take-out pretty often. It's always ready in 10-20 minutes - super fast and convenient.  The owners and staff are all very sweet, and they even know me by name (probably an indication that I eat way too much sushi).
My Go-To Rolls:  My husband and I are obsessed with the Addison Roll. It's a no rice roll and has both salmon and tuna on top. YUM! Second favorite is the Playboy Roll (also has salmon and tuna but adds shrimp tempura and rice).  I literally CRAVE these two rolls all of the time, and when I go to other sushi restaurants, I only want these rolls, lol!
If you haven't been here yet, give it a try - you won't regret it :)A perfectly lovely spot for sushi. Nicely presented rolls filled with good quality ingredients. Quick and pleasant service. I'll be happy to return.I hear the cajun rolls are to die for. I know what i'm trying next.. You can sit outside & enjoy the fresh air, once the sun goes down. The food & service is great. I would highly recommend this place. I hope everyone enjoy it as much as me & my favorite guy...My husband adores the chicken lettuce wraps. Very tasty. The squid salad is good. It's the perfect amount of ginger. I would forget the regular rolls and go for the special rolls! I love their special rolls. I get the crazy girl roll. Snow crab. Tempura shrimp. Mango. Salmon. Spicy mayo. So tasty! Try the po-boy roll. One of our favorites!The food is pretty good and the service matches. Not spectacular, but good especially since we live almost across the street. 
Love the lettuce wraps and sesame chicken. 
Almost every time we go, there are very few people there.
Except now.... Filled in fast. LolWhen my friend and I first enter the restaurant, it was completely empty for 7pm. We thought we would get faster service since we were the only one there, but no. It took an hour for our food. The first thing we order was the baked salmon roll, which didn't came out until we were finish eating. It was delicious, but it wasn't worth the wait. Secondly, the squid steak we order was extremely salty. The staff obviously didn't clean it well enough, because the ink pack was still stuck to it. Then, underneath the squid was a pink rapper. Atleast they were thoughtful enough to remove the squid steak off my check. After that first impression, I don't see any of my friends and I returning.I was hoping for another good restaurant option in Lakeview but this certainly wasn't it. The food is not fresh and not good.  I will continue to trek uptown for my sushi. Because this was no different than any other cheap bad restaurant.I dined in when they first opened and the service was really slow and disorganized. I'm not sure if it's improved, cause I've only ordered take-out since. The noodle and rice dishes aren't terrible, just not particularly good. The sushi rolls and gyoza are delicious, though.Went to dinner with a friend here one night. Sushi was good until I noticed a hair, I get super freaked out by that so it turned me off for awhile. I'll give them another try one day because I know things happen. I'll repay once I do.Gross!!!
If there is a way to mess yo tuna tataki this place should come in first place. I ordered the sashimi dinner. It sucked! How do you mess up sashimi?
I won't be back. The one star is for the clean bathroom.First time at Lakeview Pearl. Food was excellent and service was very good. Waitress and owner very courteous and treated us very kindly not like other restaurant we have been to. Will absolutely go back.I went for the first time today for my lunch break. My waitress wasn't very friendly but the sushi bar crew were very friendly, entertaining and fun to talk to. The food was delicious, I had the tiger roll w/o avocado and the clear soup. The fish was very fresh. A bit pricy but definitely worth it. I'll be back again, I saw a few items I wanna try.Consistently excellent. Friendly staff. Very happy with this local restaurant! They routinely get high marks at competitions. Lucky to have them in Lakeview.My wife and I ate here for their soft opening and the food was delicious! The fish is fresh and the yakiudon (sp?) is borderline life-changing. New restaurant with great potential. I would say it is the best place for Japanese in the metro area. Will be coming back.Go-to sushi place close to home. Excellent service, great sushi, and never a long wait.First visit and as it was mid-afternoon, they were not crowded. Needless to say, service was quick. I liked the decor but that is not relevant. 
Ordered sushi only: Cajun Roll, Harrison Roll, Snow Crab Narudo. Correction; we also had the Miso and Edamae. No, wait we had wine and Tsing Tao beer. Separately though, not mixed.
Legalities of full disclosure complete, the Cajun and Harrison rolls were very large but more importantly, excellent. Not that the other food was not good but these two were superb.
Oh yes, the beer was very cold.Ordered the crab Rangoon as an appetizer. They were fresh, hot, and excellent. We ordered the gyoza, crawfish roll, and the sushi/sashimi dinner combo. The serving size was great. I was pleasantly surprised with the amount of fish for the price. I will come back and I definitely recommend.Simply pathetic and incompetent! On more than one occasion I have placed a to go order and given ample time for preparation, however when I arrive for pick up...there is no order in the system. There are too many other places you can go rather than give your support to a business who can't simply get it together. There have also been occasions when the food was not fresh and foreign objects from the kitchen were found in the food yet I foolishly continued to support them!  These people will never get another dollar from me!!Love their sushi- rolls are very filled and good sized pieces of fish on top. Enjoy the summer roll, tiger roll, and burning man. Have been here several times and have never had a bad experience. Solid choice for sushi.I really like this sushi spot its pretty consistent, which I can always appreciate that in a restaurant. They have a smoked salmon roll its one of the speciality rolls you have to try this if you enjoy good salmon (as to those her prefer bad salmon lol). The have the standard drinks basic beers and wines, I believe that I had a long island here once and it was pretty good, but you know what I always say whenever in doubt go with wine! The staff seems pretty friendly, last time I went a few weeks ago I brought my 2 year old nephew (not a well thought out idea btw) and despite the fact that I was ready to sell him the staff was really patient and helpful, so that was cool. Pretty spacious, the seating is comfortable; I have not been to their bathroom but it seems like their bathroom would be clean. The pricing is not too bad some rolls are more reasonable than others to me. Parking is really good, its in a quiet residential area and they have a parking lot as well.  So if you want to go solo dolo or with a sushi loving group, I think you'll enjoy yourself.This restaurant has a parking lot right beside it, the lot being shared with the frozen yogurt place and nail place. I have been here several times and haven't had anything bad. The service is just ok. Nothing spectacular. Its as if the wait staff is just apathetic, they just don't seem to care very much about anything. The hostesses all have blank stares into space and seem put off when you come in.
The interior is clean, as is the restroom. Walking in the front door, the hostess stand is to the left, the sushi bar is to the right. They have plenty of tables and booths. I have had the hibachi, the shamrock roll, miso soup, tiger roll, just to name a few. The food is really good. I have no complaint with anything I have eaten here. 
If I happen to be in the mood and nearby, I will eat here, but I won't go out of my way to eat here again.Not bad.  Nice interior and gave it 4 stars for good service.  Food was good yet very similar to all other sushi restaurants.This place is always great!  We enjoy sitting at the sushi bar and both of the sushi chefs are very nice.  I see some of the reviews complain about the price; however, I honestly haven't found the food to be too highly priced.  The two of us typically eat for less than $40 including the tip and two drinks.  Our order on this occasion was our two favorite rolls - the LSU roll and the Rocky II roll (very similar to rock n roll just bigger).  We haven't tried anything except the sushi rolls, but all of the rolls we have tried have been larger than the rolls typically at other restaurants and delicious.  Sometimes the drink service when sitting at the bar can be slower than usual, but our drinks remained full the entire time this last visit!  The sushi chefs and the rolls make up for the tiny flaw we have experienced in the past, and this place is definitely on our list of recommendations.I went to Lakeview Pearl with a big group on a Saturday night and enjoyed it. I thought the sushi was comparable to Ninja, which is my usual sushi spot. 
The hot and sour soup was really good. Quite spicy and flavorful. We shared lots of different rolls, including a 911, spicy tuna crunchy, rainbow, burning man, crazy girl, and playboy. All of them were good. I particularly appreciated that they didn't fall apart too easily. I hate when that happens! Then you have to scoop the bits and pieces out of the soy sauce, which isn't easy to do with chopsticks. 
The service was great. They were friendly and attentive and didn't seem bothered by our big group with lots of requests. Can't comment on the prices, as the bill was paid by someone else -- which certainly didn't diminish my enjoyment of the meal!
If you're in Lakeview, check out the Pearl. Might not be worth a special trip, but it's a good option if you're in the area and get a craving.Sushi is always fresh and staff has always been nice, it is a little higher priced and they change when you substitute, or change any sushi-- like spicy salmon to regular salmon instead... but it is good and worth the try!Great menu. Tonight we tried-----Hot and sour soup- delish probably the best I've tasted in a while. House salad --has a ginger peanut dressing that's delish. 
Harrison roll with brown rice = perfect ! Love the white sauce. Honey seared chicken = perfect blend of sweet and salty.  No room for dessert but want to come back as the menu has some really yummy stuff ! Thanks Maggie for being the sweetest server ever!!This is a lovely little sushi spot located in the heart of Lakeview.
A friend and i were here for lunch and I was immediately impressed by the atmosphere of the place. The restaurant seems to be a converted house, the decor is modern and sophisticated and we were seated in a nice booth as we looked over our menus.
We started with an order of edamame and I got an order of the noodle salad. The edamame was perfect but the noodle salad was a bit of a mess. Their version had a TON of mayo in it. There was so much mayo that after a few bites I had to stop eating it because it was making my stomach hurt. Every other noodle salad I have had usually had a very light coating of mayo, but this place went way overboard.
For my entree I got a Philly roll and I got the Tiger special roll. The Tiger roll was packed with tuna, salmon and avocado and wrapped in salmon. I really liked it and I liked that it was good and filling without being overly heavy. The Philly roll was as good as the Philly roll that I have had at other places. One thing that really struck me is how fresh the rice was. Sometimes you get rice that is a little stiff, but the rice here was cooked perfectly and the food overall was very fresh.
I would go back and get a repeat of everything I ordered here, except the noodle salad.I've never eaten inside Lakeview pearl. I usually order take out. Every time I go to get it my order is always ready and right. It's a tad pricier than other sushi restaurants around town, but like cvs and Walgreens you pay for the convince.Server Mia gave herself a 20% tip on my card and forged my signature. The manager Jennifer lets her employees steal from customers. Will never visit this place again. Food is horrible!Consistently good food. Make sure you look at the specials board. There's always some good items there.The best sushi in town! I recommend the upside down roll and the playboy roll. Service is prompt, attentive, and always friendly.The Lakeview Pearl has a nice selection of specialty rolls here that are a bit different than other sushi joints in town.  The menu also offers a good selection of other non-sushi items for those that like to mix it up or don't want sushi.  The location is a bit strange as there are other businesses in the building with their signs facing Harrison but the Lakeview Pearl is the only one with their sign facing Canal Blvd. so it took a bit to figure out how to get inside.  The service was attentive and professional with drinks being refilled consistently.  This is the best sushi place in Lakeview so if you are in the area and craving sushi this is the place to go.I love this place. They have a variety of different rolls that do not have a ton of artificial crabmeat like most sushi places. Also, I like the fact you can get brown rice. Service is always good. Parking can be tight if they are busy. Great location in Lakeview. One of my favorite sushi places to go.Very impressed by the large cucumber salad appetizer. Very good green tea, not from a tea bag. Sushi was very fresh and not skimpy on the amount of salmon and tuna in the rolls. Definitely my new favorite sushi place!I've been there three times now, and I've always left full and happy! I've tried five different rolls, all delicious! Hard to pick a favorite, but if I had to, I'd say the 911 roll. Everyone's been really nice, food has been spot on, seating available inside or outside, with a great area to people watch at the corner of Harrison and Canal. Definitely one of my favorite sushi spots, if not my favorite. 
And you have to try the lettuce wraps with chicken! You will not be let down! Better than PF Changs!I'd love to tell you about the food, but I can't! Every time I call either the phone rings on end or the person who picks it up immediately says "Please hold" and hangs up! When we physically went to the restaurant, the girl at the door asked us to wait for her, then disappeared. After fifteen minutes, we just left. There are plenty of better places to eat on Harrison, for the simple fact that they don't treat you like you're an inconvenience.Very fresh ingredients! The atmosphere is neighborhood casual. The price is fair to moderate. The rolls are big and full. All very good.I live in the area and go frequently.  The food is very good and I've never had a bad experience there.By far the best Sushi I've had since moving to NOLA almost a year ago. Service was fast and polite, the fish tasted fresh and bright. 
I think we have finally found our go to sushi restaurant in the area.Excellent sushi rolls. Tried the Playboy roll with coconut shrimp, snow crab, tuna, and salmon. Also some of the best hot and sour soup I've had in New Orleans! The mixed drinks were affordable and my fiancé and I both ate for less than $50. Not too bad for the Lakeview area. We also had the chicken fried rice with Thai curry seasoning. It smelled lovely but the taste wasn't all the way there. I also tried the drink special which was sweet tea vodka, lemonade, and peach snapps. Lots of sugar but very tasty. Will definitely return to try more special rollsThe rolls were fresh and delicious. Based on the other reviews we almost went somewhere else for lunch. Glad we didn't. Everyone was a really friendly and we enjoyed ourselves. The waitress was a little difficult to read but she ain't from around here. Couldn't tell if she was pushing us or if she was just that dry. 
The inside is very nice and relaxing.
I would definitely go back.