Great hidden breakfast place. An easy walk from Navarre neighborhood and Lakeview. The iced coffee is delicious, as are the lattes. Onto the food. I've had the breakfast sandwich with avocado, red onions, and Gouda cheese...talk about good. The last time I went I had the biscuit-panini and it was easily one of the best breakfast sandwiches I've had. Love walking here with friends that are in town and would highly recommend to anyone!They brew good coffee.  AND, their large size is actually a large (unlike many other cafes)!  The only bummer here is that if you want something under $5, you need cash; otherwise, you need to be prepared to add some food to your order, so that you can use your card.I keep giving this place "another chance" every 6 months or so (because I live one block away), but never again.  I'm done. Today, it took over 30 minutes for them to make a club sandwich. They weren't even "slammed."  While I'm at it, they require you to order and pickup your food at the counter (no table service). Not that I mind, but they expect you to tip upfront (at point of sale) without having experienced the quality of food or speed of service (which is beyond slow).  So long Lakeview Brew-- Our relationship has ran its course.This is where my wife and I go for a consistently good meal that is healthy and tasty!  The portions are more than satisfying and the coffee is good!  We like everything we've had there but our favorites include the pork tamale omelets, shrimp wraps, chicken and sausage gumbo,(any of their homemade soups), cinnamon rolls, and my wife's favorite the egg salad sandwich! We love the neighborhood flavor and appreciate Sara and Anita behind the counter!  The owner is the chef and she keeps the quality of the food high!  It may  cost more than the fast food places but it is certainly both healthier and tastier!Love this place. Sara was working up front and she is awesome. She knows half the customers by name if not more. I have been here 5 times or so to eat and its always perfect. A couple times someone else was working and the service was great as well.Recent breakfast visit. Ordered simple pancakes with bacon. They were good, and the bacon was crispy and not greasy, just right. Mushroom/cheese omelet was just OK; latte strong and flavorful. At this place service can be hit or miss, but overall it's a solid neighborhood coffee shop. Indoor and outdoor seating.Always great food and friendly service. They love dogs here and the back patio is perfect with plenty of tables and well covered. Don't be surprised if the owner takes a picture of your pup!Great food, home made desserts, good coffee, friendly staff, dog friendly!
Nice back patio with lots of seating, free wi-fi. Lots of daily specials and delicious seafood gumbo every day. Features work of local artists on walls.Me and my boyfriend decided to get a late bite. Their hash browns are epic. It's a tiny spot but turn over is fast. I prefer this place to I hop. Cute dinner atmosphere, inexpensive. Tee kay was our server. She was delightful and prompt. We will definitely be back.Had the chop salad and the chicken caesar salad.  OK.  The avocado salad looked really good.  Will order that one next time.  Service was excellent.I like everything here but it is overpriced, I go often, about 2 times a week and I see the owner sitting in the dining room going over her books. I got the blue eyes tea, a piece of quiche and a side of potato salad and spent almost $20 after tip. I love it but I just can't afford it anymore.Recently went in for breakfast and was glad to see it wasn't too crowded .  I had one hour to spare for a nice breakfast with my daughter before a long work shift.  We go to the counter to order, when I asked for a substitution on an order she could not figure out how to do it on the computer.  I politely said, "can you just tell the cook"?  Only then did she tell me they were slammed and that she could not talk to the cooks.  She also told me it would take 45min to an hour to get our food because they had too many to go orders.   We left with out eating and in disbelief. My main gripe is that we never  would have known it was going to take that long if it wasn't for my inquiry . Very disappointing .Not run very well.Cute little place with plenty of seating inside and out. I had the Anita's breakfast bowl and it was delicious. Plenty big enough and tons of cheese! So yummy. I also had a hazelnut latte, which could have been better. I think I wasn't too much a fan of the flavored syrup brand. I feel the latte would have been much better without the flavoring, it was also super big and a great value considering it was a medium. They also have wifi!Ordered using a delivery app. Food was delicious!! The goat cheese and mushroom omelet, oh my goodness! My new favorite breakfast place.Had a lunch today and have to say, I love the whole package.  The dining area inside is nicely decorated as well as the back patio area.  All employees are polite.  My daughter had an omelette that she said was delicious and I had hot crawfish that were perfect.   We also had the bottomless mimosas.  Definately a great place to dine.Great little place! I just moved to New Orleans and was looking for a healthy lunch and Wi-Fi so I could finish a writing project. Sarah was so nice and helpful, the avocado salad was delicious, and even the decaf was flavorful! Very impressed by this Lakeview jewelI live near here and this place is solid. Friendly staff, good coffee, free wi-fi, and the food is pretty darn good. LB is easily the best non-poboy breakfast/lunch spot in old lakeview aka "fakeview" :).Def a New Orleans gem! Great food, friendly staff, indoor and outdoor seating depending on the weather. Homemade biscuits, croissants and pastries are to die for! A daily stop for me!I came upon this place by accident, not realizing that it was so much more than a coffeehouse. There is a breakfast and lunch menu with healthy items to choose from along with delicious pies and pastries. There is a charming outdoor space and indoor as well. Very nice!Came in for a cup of coffee and a breakfast sandwich, to go. TO GO because I had somewhere to be. I think most coffee houses/cafes/restaurants understand this concept. The place was not crowded. I waited 20 minutes- during this time I watched about 2 or 3 dishes come out of the kitchen. 
Surely, I thought, they have a system where to go orders are not put in the same queue as the regular orders of people sitting and enjoying a leisurely afternoon. Wrong. After 20 minutes (about twice the amount of time it would take me to make the breakfast sandwich myself, from start to finish, in my own kitchen), I inquired into the status of the kitchen. Is it backed up? Is something wrong? 
"There are two orders ahead of your order" I was informed. Now, based on the fact that it took 20 minutes for 2 orders to come out, my very rudimentary calculations conclude that it would take another 20 minutes until my little breakfast sandwich would even be a passing thought in the mind of the fry cook in the kitchen.
40 minutes for a to go order?! Unacceptable. I asked for my order to be cancelled, and couldn't receive a refund unless I waited another unspecified amount of time in order to speak to the owner.  
The bottom line: can't comment on the quality of the food. Don't come here unless you have an hour or three to kill.Ambiance: located inside a converted old gas station, a location with HUGE potential to be cool.  But its not.  Inside they've got large fluorescent lights, country style tables and chairs, & bad, cheap looking art.
Iced coffee: tasted like it was reconstituted from that New Orleans CoolBrew stuff.  Served in a styrofoam cup.  Milk? Get it yourself from the condiment bar.
Scone: was basically a muffin in scone shape.  Disappointing.
Unlikely to return.Really, really good. Extremely friendly and accommodating staff and one of the best potato salads I've had in the city. I try potato salad, only if it's homemade, everywhere I go and this is definitely in the top two. Can't wait to get more!Quirky woman at the register always makes me laugh. Pancakes were cold, but tasted good. Seemed a little under staffed. Still has a lot of charm and a good local joint with good food.Recent visit reminded me why I don't eat here as often as I did over the past 7 years. The owner berates you if you complain or have a need to send food  back to the kitchen.   One of the service staff can be very rude and unfriendly at times.  The food is good and freshly prepared; coffee is good but always cold.  Takes a while to order and receive food.  But,  overall a nice cafe and coffee shop.The food is excellent. Most of the staff is awesome. More of a café than a coffee shop. Can't really linger here.Lakeview Brew Coffee Cafe is my new favorite spot to grab an iced mocha. I love the service here. Everyone I have interacted with is so kind. My daughter is in love with the hot chocolate... it isn't the kind that is dumped out of the packet. I haven't tried the food here yet, but the daily specials always sound amazing. If you are in this neck of the woods, definitely check this place out.Chad is actually incorrect the gas station is now a storage place.   Lakeview Brew used to be Federico's Family Florist and it was lovely (pre Katrina). 
This is a perfectly charming and solid little coffee house in Lakeview on Homedale Ave tucked away a bit.  Everyone here has always been nice to me and I usually get a cafe au lait and I have never been disappointed with the brew they put out.  They have the usually coffee suspects and pastries for you r munch on.  I have never had a lunch or meal here so I can't comment on the rest of the offerings but one day I will try it out.Anita makes THE BEST white mocha in the entire city of New Orleans. I've tried them all but LVB's expresso blend and the love she puts in outshines any other cafe. Add a breakfast sandwich and you have a delicious breakfast under $10!Definitely...average. 
Prices are ok. Food is ok. Atmosphere is quaint, suitable, and enjoyable though. 
I ordered the special Chipotle chicken sandwich combo with a side (potato salad, chips, or salad) and drink for $11.99. This was not definitely bang for the buck and had the food been more amazing, I could justify the price. But with smaller than average size serving for a slightly heftier price, you gotta impress me with the food. 
However, if you want a place to study, despite the small tables, it may fit that criteria.I stop in often, not just because some of my art hangs here but the biscuits are great. You can have egg, ham, bacon, whatever with them but by themselves they are good. I do Egg Salad, something about it reminds me of childhood, but LB has great egg salad and Chicken Salad too. Stop in for lunch or biscuits anytime, worth the stop. Making me hungry writing about it. And see my art, the painting of Lighthouse and Lake front.What an excellent little place.  I was never a huge coffee fan, then my wife got me into it by getting me to try the iced coffees.  The really are very good.  I have had iced coffees from other places since and they don't come close.  My wife loves the salads and I really like the club sandwich and the pulled pork omelet.  Anita is all ways super nice as well.My husband and I tried this cafe for the first time last Sunday. I thought they only sold coffee & muffins. Nope not at all! This cute cafe has a fantastic menu. We had a delicious breakfast consisting of French toast, grits, eggs, wheat toast & fruit. We enjoyed all the food. I couldn't leave without homemade peanut butter pie. Again that was also delicious. So we decided to try the cafe again for dinner and we were just as pleased with our meal. My husband had 1/2 chicken salad sandwich and cup of gumbo I had chicken philly panini with potato salad. We will definitely return. The owner, Ms. Randy was very visible which I think is important.  During our dinner we started talking to her about how we have enjoyed our meals. She is really sweet and cares about her customers.Quaint little cafe.  Decent menu. Good prices. Order at the counter and sit and wait. And wait. And wait. Service is horribly SLOW! 
Each time I've ordered breakfast sandwiches they quote 25-30minutes, and they are right! They are never very busy so I'm not sure why food takes so long. 
Other than the wait, I like the place.Simply good food and friendly quick service have made this one of my favorite places. The back patio serves me well when I take my puppy (see my profile picture). I really like to stop in for the breakfast specials as well.Pleasant lunch spot.  Their smoked salmon BLT is a tasty and creative take on a classic.  Converted gas station has an airy and bright setting.  Popular with locals and an easy reach from the beautiful City Park by car.  Service good, but cashier seemed surprised that I wanted to order.  Quirky, but a new favorite of mine for this part of town.  This was a favorite of an old friend of mine who rolled in by wheelchair.  Accessible!  Wide choice of coffee, prompt and courteous service, creative and tasty menu.  Check it out for a casual lunch in a place where you can actually hear and talk with your date!  Outdoor seating available!Cute little coffee cafe. Stopped in here for an iced coffee and it was good and inexpensive. Kind of odd that they serve coffee in styrofoam cups, though. They also serve food and they seem to have a pretty extensive menu of breakfast items as well as sandwiches. While I didn't order food, I noticed that the man sitting next to me waited at least 15 minutes for his breakfast, which was eggs and grits. Odd that something so simple would take that long, especially since there were two other people in there.
Cute local art on the wall for sale. Wouldn't go out of my way to stop here, but if you are in the area it gets the job done.Everything here is great! The coffee is perfect. Breakfasts and lunches delicious. And, the service is very, very good...I am so happy I discovered this  little gem in Lakeview. I love having brunch on their cute and charming patio in the back of the restaurant. One of my favorites is the pork debris on English muffin with hollandaise sauce. But for lunch I love their Rueben. I feel like family when I walk in there. Everyone is so friendly and they're dog friendly too! Highly recommend Lakeview Brew.. I've never ate there before but there coffee was  pretty good. The place is cute and charming and clean. lady behind the counter was very sweet and seem to know what she was doing. When I finally get a chance to eat there ill rate them on the foodGreat menu- this place has become a lakeview staple for my family! The biscuits on the grill are incredible and the sandwiches are always fresh!I've been coming to Mrs. Randie's little neighborhood gem for a long time. Everyone that works here is so friendly and makes you feel like family! The food is phenomenal and fresh. Will always be my fav spot! ;)How did it take me so long to find this place?! Seriously an overlooked neighborhood gem. The ambiance is great, the service was fantastic and so friendly! I got a sugar free latte with soy milk and it was perfect. I haven't tried the food yet, but I definitely will on my next visit.The food here screams fresh, which I love. Whether an omelet or on a sandwich, the eggs are perfectly fluffy.  Now open on weekends with breakfast all day- major plus, since I love breakfast food.  It's an extremely clean and quaint little place with a great menu of sandwiches and salads; they always have specials on the board, and also serve bakery items.  Oh, and good coffee (fresh brewed and frozen).The food was good. 
They're very clean about exchange of things. 
The tables are nicely spaced. 
But 
Bad service.I have been to eat at this "coffee shop" a few times. It's seriously a joke and I don't know how these owners have any employees. The owner comes out of the kitchen every 5 minutes yelling at one of the employees behind the counter about cleaning something......even when there's a line of customers at the counter. Most times there's only one person behind the counter. If she's not yelling about that she's yelling at them about charging someone $0.25 for extra avocado. It's a very uncomfortable thing to have to sit and watch. She's rude and I've also heard she uses cake mixes and frozen pre-made cakes from sam's and then tells people that she made them. I've been standing there when she's told someone that everything is made fresh every day. Really lady? I'm sure Bisquick made those biscuits not you.I've been in that place over the last year and every month there is a whole new staff working. So it's obvious that she can't keep employees or she is just firing people on a whim.  I'm sorry but i've watched these employees get verbally abused for the last time. I won't be back. Hopefully one day they will all just walk out.Super cute cafe with lovely staff and AMAZING chicken salad! I also got a hot coffee and a frozen mocha breeze with an extra shot to cut the sweetness. All of it was delicious. Love this place!This is your basic cafe. They have a ton of different coffees, a variety of breakfast options (a la cart & meals) & lunch items (sandwiches & other stuff), side items (pasta salad, potato salad, etc.), a cold fridge with homemade pies by the slice or whole & plenty of other dessert options, bottled juices & fountain soft drinks. They have inside seating, as well as COVERED outside seating. I also saw people with their dogs outside - It's always a plus if you can bring your pup along! The place was clean and friendly, but it did take longer than usual to make our order, a basic club sandwich and a Reuben. The food was good, we liked the atmosphere, they also sell art and we did just move to the neighborhood! That said, we will be back!!I'm staying walking distance down the street. I decided to try it our since I'm new to the area. Everyone was very sweet and helpful. I got the mushroom, bacon, spinach omelette.My first stop every morning.....   the atmosphere is great, the food is fresh, and Anita is always welcoming.   Thanks for being a part of my day.Always impeccably clean! Always consistently good  food. Great Chef salad!!! Friendly staff.Lakeview Brew Coffee Café is my daily escape/retreat, and is absolutely one of the cleanest and best cafes to treat yourself.  The atmosphere is friendly, community-oriented, and  relaxing.  The service, coffee, desserts, and food (And, I really love the tomato basil soup, biscuits, and chocolate muffins way too much!) is great for breakfast/lunch/dinner/brunches.   Not only the staff, but the owners are there daily cooking and greeting customers.  Great neighborhood nugget!  
I've been a regular for three years since I started working in the Lakeview area, and if I ever relocate jobs, I'll be continue to enjoy Lakeview Brew --regardless of the distance!Lakeview Brew Coffee Cafe is a popular spot for the local cops, as I am sure they get a little discount or lagniappe with their orders.  I usually only get coffee whenI go here as I love to support our local businesses.  I'm not sure which coffee they use, but it's always fresh and it's always hot, so enough about that.
The cafe is actually a cool place to hang out, although I am not sure if they offer free wi-fi.  The place is extremely clean and the walls are decorated with art from some of the local area artists; all of which have a price tag and are for sale.
There is seating for approximately 34 people inside and there is also a covered patio out back with additional seating for approximately 28 people.
I've only eaten here twice and can't even recall what I had the first time.  However, on my last visit, my wife got the shrimp bisque.  This was definitely mediocre at best.  It had a decent flavor, but it was too thick for a bisque and it was served lukewarm at best.  I's like to taste it with a little less thickeners (corn starch perhaps) and at the right temperature.
I had the gumbo (full bowl) and a half of sandwich.  The gumbo was served appropriately at the right temperature and had a decent flavor.  However, it was a little thin in consistency and could have used a little more roux to thicken it up a bit.  Again, just ok in my opinion.  My shrimp salad sandwich, on the other hand,was the best part of this meal.  The multi-grain bread was fresh and perfectly toasted, and the shrimp salad was seasoned how I like it, which is spicy.  The serving size was more than ample and there were plenty of shrimp in it.
This place is borderline 2.5 stars in my opinion, as it is just ok, and not A-ok.  However, the restaurant was so clean (including the bathroom) and the wait staff was so nice, that I will go with the 3 star rating.  For the value, this place is a little pricey for me, and I think I'll just stick with the coffee next time.Have only visited once. Understaffed because of Covid but I didn't have to wait long. Staff is friendly. Got the breakfast panini and iced coffee to go. Really enjoyed it! Would definitely recommend as a breakfast stop.This place was my "go to" place every morning and I would stop there for a frozen cappuccino and breakfast, but the machine has been broken for the last few days.  I hope that it gets fixed soon so that I can get back into my routine.Best go-to for consistently great food, coffee drinks, now serving liquor! Friendly local ambience, pleasant patio out back. Leave room for the turtle cheesecake, it's the best.I'm currently visiting New Orleans and woke up starving so I ordered from Lakeview by way of UberEats. Of course things are always mildly cold coming from a delivery service so that's to be expected. However, the food was not great. We had two orders of cheese grits that looked to have a piece of cheese melted on top and that had absolutely no seasoning at all... and there was no salt and pepper in the bag so that was wasted money. I also got a smoked salmon eggs Benedict and the eggs were woefully overcooked. Eggs aside, the meal was quite bland and unseasoned. First time in NOLA with an experience such as this.FYI kitchen closes 30 minutes before posted close time. Just such an awkward place. Good food...get through the order process, items to your table, and than you'll be fine.Quaint little eatery, love the Saturday breakfast selections and the staff is very friendly and helpful!! The owner always make sure we enjoy our food and are happy with our choice!! Would recommend this place to everyone!!!A tiny place in Lakeview by the train trestle on Canal blvd that is painted bright yellow with blue trim and serves a fantastic breakfast and more.  Good coffee, casual atmosphere and a variety of dishes with reasonable prices will keep you coming back for more.
Order at the counter and then find a seat.
My favorite is the breakfast sandwich panini which features scrambled eggs, choice of meat and cheese on a panini grilled biscuit - delicious and just the right size!
Breakfast bowls feature grits and a choice of meat with your choice of eggs.
Lunch and dinner is also served at this wonderful place.  Great salads and a variety of other offerings.Great spot to grab coffee or a quick bite to eat. I've been here a couple of times, and it hasn't disappointed yet! Went this morning and got a frozen coffee for the first time. It was - dare I say it - better than Chateau. Quiche is delicious as well. 
Casual place with counter service. They also have outdoor seating.The front lady at the cashier taking my order was not polite at all. She didn't seem like she wanted to be there and would act as though I was bothering her when I asked her multiple questions about the menu. I rarely write reviews but this one had to be done. Maybe she was having a bad day but she was also rude to my pops as well. We are locals and to be treated like we were a bother her to be there especially when no one was in the cafe other than me, my pops, and another police officer was uncalled for. Hopefully she has a better day and doesn't influence this business to go out the door with her poor attitude.Came across this little jewel today while showing houses in the area. Walking in I was immediately greeted by two of the staff - Nice! I knew I had stumbled upon a nice find the moment I saw it. A reclaimed, former "old school" neighborhood gas station - probably full service back in the day - (anyone under 40 has no idea what that means). Great selection of coffees and teas, soups, sandwiches and great looking desserts that I did NOT get to sample. Today I sampled the Roasted Red Bell Pepper & Gouda cheese soup with a half Chicken Salad Sandwich. Both were excellent! Great food, great service, great presentation. Looking forward to a future visit!