This is a great little neighborhood cafe. They offer baked goods, sandwiches and breakfast sandwiches, salads and a variety of coffees and tea. Their bagels aren't the best in the city, but they are soft and tasty. 
I really like their breakfast sandwiches. My favorite is the American - egg, bacon, tomato and American cheese on an everything bagel. I also like the salads here - fresh ingredients, generous portions and a great value at $8 each. 
The space is very clean, nice and bright, well organized and seating is usually plentiful. They have wifi and it's a nice space to work in for a while too.I had an excellent tuna sandwich here.  All of the ingredients were really high quality, especially the bread.  It came with large side salad of mixed greens and a good vinaigrette. 
There are a lot more tables inside than it appears from the store front.
What a great addition to Broadmoor!  I will frequent this bakery.Great pastries and bagels but slow service. Don't go when in a rush. Ordered ahead of time and tray was ready but waited over 15 min with 2 customers in front of me.This place is wonderful. Clean, nicely decorated, and the staff were all very pleasant! The selection of breakfast, lunch, and coffee items is varied and everything sounds tasty. I ended up ordering an apricot oat bar, a fruit cup, and a side of bacon and sat at the bar seating area that runs along the windows. The apricot oat bar was delicious (plenty of oats and not too sweet), the fruit was fresh and a good portion that included green grapes, strawberries, and blackberries, and the bacon (3 slices) were cooked to light, crispy perfection. Definitely recommended for a quick, tasty breakfast!What's in a name.?Not a bakery at all. if you want a loaf of bread, you have to order it in advance! Crazy! It's a cafe, a coffee shop. Good food and friendly service. But I went there twice (due to limited hours) to buy a loaf of bread. Ended up with nothing! Cechk the menu - everything BUT a loaf of bread! .After two less than satisfactory visits to Laurel Street this week, I feel compelled to give my opinion. What happened to what once was my favorite little bakery? When located on Laurel Street Uptown I was there every week and always had great service and food. This week both service and food was lacking. The sandwich I had on Tuesday was just ok and the service was slow and pretty unorganized. It took over 5 minutes to just get the iced tea. And it's counter drink service.
However, when there I did notice what I thought were lovely and delicious looking bagels on the counter. So this morning I went in for two to go. Not toasted, cream cheese on the side. Again service was less than fast and organized. And once home and toasted with the cream cheese spread, it was just all average and nothing special.
I hope service will get better as that really was the most off putting, but the food needs a little TLC too.The Salmon Nicoise Salad is one of my favorite salads hands down. I also enjoy their chicken salad sandwich. I really go for the staff! It such a great little place for lunch.Very delicious! I purchased breakfast sandwich on croissant and the croissant was soooo delicious. I also got a coffee. I think the prices were acceptable, service excellent, atmosphere unique and welcoming. Loved this place!Great bagels w/ many options. Plenty of space to sit & work on laptop w/ wifi!This place is unreal. A local business that supports its community. Everything is made fresh and reasonably priced. The bagels are the best in all of New Orleans I'm from the north east so I know bagels well. The bagels at laurel street bakery puts humble bagel to shame. It's the same staff every day and they take the time to meet the regulars. Really can't rave about this place enough. I would HIGHLY recommend trying their roasted tomato cream cheese. Also take the time to check out the artwork while you're there!Great little coffee shop and cafe! We came here for some pre-swamp tour grub and each got breakfast sandwiches. The breakfast sandwiches here are delicious! The frenchie was the group favorite but I also liked my classic bacon, egg and cheese. Their bagels are not too dense and crisp up great when toasted. Lots of seating and friendly service!As a baker/pastry chef,  even non-practicing,  I find myself drawn to bakeries.  The smell of fresh bread,  the dainty pastries take me back.  This quaint place is located in an area that is undergoing a major facelift, and soon the line will be out the door,  but for now it's just moderate.  I ordered a frenchie,  as I'm hungry and heading to my new apartment to paint,  and some bakery items.  I'm sure I'll be back again.What bakery/cafe is closed on weekends?  Especially one that's not located in a business district. .. sighThis place is a cute little bakery. I stayed very close and just walked from my air bnb. It look me a second to decide what I wanted. I ordered a croissant  with just egg and cheese. It was good. Nothing too special and the croissant could have been a tad warmer. But nothing I couldn't handle. I also ordered the small iced Chai.  I loved it. So flavorful. It was sooo good. I ordered a 2nd iced chai when I was done.I really enjoy Laurel Street Bakery.  The inside is clean, inviting... and a bonus is that they typically have pretty good music playing.  That being said, I find it to be a great place to get a lot of work done.  Some people who presumably work in the neighborhood stop in for quick work meetings, but aside from that it's a lot of 20 to 30-somethings working quietly, which makes for a really nice atmosphere on weekday mornings.  The service is phenomenal!  They really like to make sure you're taken care of while you're hanging out there... and I mean, WHO can pass up a free refill on your coffee?  Nobody... that's who.
Sort of bummed that they're not open on the weekends, but hopefully that will change as they see more regular patrons and revenue, which it seems like they're well on their way to doing.We ordered a coffee, bagel sandwich, and soup special. All three were fantastic! Friendly service and good amount of seating.I really wanted to like this place, but I got a bagel from here and felt so betrayed.  Flat round bread is NOT a bagel.  Dough that's cut into circles and just baked is not a bagel - call it something else, but not bagel.  The defining feature of a real bagel is the boiling process in addition to the baking, as well as the volume and chewy texture.  Yes, I have bagel rage - NYC will do that to you. : )  Now that's where you get a REAL bagel.  Sigh, my quest to find such bagel greatness in NOLA continues.  I'm willing to try other things here, but you know what I won't be getting...I like their salmon salad, it was of an amazingly large portion and it's probably one of the richest salad I've ever had. Yummm!This place is really close to my house and I want to love it, but I don't. The hours are inconvenient. They open too late for me to stop on my way to work. They aren't open on weekends. Worse, I'm consistently disappointed the food I order. They've burnt my bagel and still wrapped it up and given it to me TWICE. Even when cooked right, their bagels just aren't that good. It's worth driving a few miles to get a better bagel from somewhere else.This place is adorable and I love to see new nice places in my neighborhood especially on Broad!  The red haired counter worker was very nice, but the other lady behind the counter was surly and unpleasant.  It wasn't just me, the woman after me was surprised by her also.  She just barked "Whenever you're ready" without even turning around or looking at her.  On to the food.  I ordered everything bagels and two types of cream cheese.  I highly recommend the shallot and bacon and the smoked salmon cream cheese!  They are great!  The bagels were weird though.  They were super thin and flat.  When I toasted them they became very hard and tough.  This was a bummer because I really liked the bagels at the other location.  I will go back and continue to support this new business in the neighborhood.  I hope they work out the kinks soon!I've been a fan of the original location for years. And I was really happy to see that they were opening a branch location on South Broad & Eve St. The grand opening was Monday.
This location is looking to be a bit more than the original location, I think. While I just stopped in for pastries this morning (love their slices of banana bread), they also offer sandwiches and salads at lunch (see my photos) and I think a broader coffee service (says the non-coffee drinker).
The space is open and airy with a little bit of an industrial feel. There were plenty of cafe tables inside...not sure about wifi. Parking is on the street and there is a small parking lot in back but the gate was closed this morning (and it looked full) when I drove past this mroning.
I'll definitely be back by and can't wait to try the lunches!Very bad, frustrating experience.
I ordered a roast beef sandwich. It took over 30 minutes to be prepared. The cook then told me I should have ordered something else because it takes 15 minutes to cook the sandwich. I said I had waited 30 minutes and they should have told me it would take that long. She proceeded to tell me I had not waited 30 minutes, when I had.
A simple apology for taking way too long to prepare a sandwich would have been nice. In addition, the sandwich was mediocre tasting. I would avoid this place if you are trying to eat a quick and tasty lunch.I love this spot! It's clean and quaint and everything is baked fresh Dailey. I only wish they were open longer and on the weekends!!! I'd be there all the time.If you care about sandwiches - the menu may be small, but what they do they do very well. Front of house is friendly, service is fast and the food is always on point. 
Also - the best bagels in town. It's a real bagel, not some flavorless, steamed, mass produced hockey puck. But get there early or order them in advance, because they sell out pretty much daily. Now, if only I can convince them to make a bialy...Last experience wasn't so great! I ordered the chicken salad salad , chicken salad sandwich and french toast for my daughter. The chicken salad was ok but the bread that came with it was burnt! Also my daughter's french toast wasn't cooked throughly in the middle so she didn't eat it. I was disappointed to say the least.I had a Brooklyn on an everything bagel. The bagel was delicious my only comment is that that lox was much saltier than I'm used to but the sundried tomatoes cream cheese was so yum!!Really good pastries...the best brioche roll I've ever had.  I wish they were open on the weekends.It annoys the piss out of me that they're not open on the weekend but hey what can you do? I don't love but I do like this little spot. Nice decor, very clean. Everything always seems to be very fresh. My only complaint is that every time I've come in they seem to always be out of certain key items. Other than that, this place is decent. 
Zuchinni bread- Delish.
Coffee au lait -always fresh and perfect. 
Bagel sandwiches-could use some work; overpriced.
Interested in trying out their lunches, breakfast is just okay.Last New Orleans restaurant stop on our trip. Great little neighborhood restaurant. Had the All American sandwich and cafe latte. Both were superb as was the "everything bagel". Visit this place if you can.Love this place. Amazing bagels. Sandwiches are great and classic, breakfast sandwich is even better value. Coffee is nice and bold too!My husband ordered me a birthday cake from Laurel St Bakery and it was absolutely delicious. They also have yummy food.Wish I could give this place negative stars. My husband purchased a slice of devils food cake and a bread pudding. The bakery items looked less than enticing. I decided to give it a shot. The devils cake literally tasted like mud pie. The bread pudding had a weird, moist green film on the bottom. I was disgusted and have been suffering from stomach pains since consuming the few bites. I wish I had read some of the previous reviews before trying this place. It is obvious that this place has some sanitation issues. I'm big on recommending great spots to friends, family and random strangers. This place will definitely be on my "do not" list.I was so pumped to try this place, but the woman inside the restaurant watched as I parked in front of the building, and quickly locked the door in my face as I approached. I guess they close early today? It was an odd interaction..Last experience wasn't so great! I ordered the chicken salad salad , chicken salad sandwich and french toast for my daughter. The chicken salad was ok but the bread that came with it was burnt! Also my daughter's french toast wasn't cooked throughly in the middle so she didn't eat it. I was disappointed .Laurel Street Bakery is a precious breakfast/morning spot in the Broadmoor area. However, there are some pros and cons to Laurel Street Bakery. For starters, parking is a little bit of a nightmare. Once in a blue moon, there are spots right out front. However, if there aren't, then you need to park in the lot behind the building which is usually full. That lot is also pretty tight and I've had my car scratched quite a few times when parking there. 
Once you walk in, the Bakery has a very clean and polished look. There is tons of local art for sale hanging on the wall and service is always pretty friendly and prompt. Their bagels are to die for, but they sell out relatively early in the day. This means that if you come around 11am, there may not be any bagels left. If you come early though, you really can't beat a bagel with schmear for only $3. Their iced coffee is decent but nothing to write home about. The true food gem at Laurel Street Bakery is their Salmon Nicoise Salad. For only $9 it is an incredibly filling, delicious, and affordable meal. It is consistently one of the most fresh tasting salads in the city that I've had. 
The WiFi is quick and complimentary and there's almost always ample seating. There's a counter with stools and then about twelve or so wooden tables that have four seats each. I've never had a problem finding seating. If you are someone who works remotely (like me) and likes to start their day a little later, Laurel Street Bakery may not be for you. They close right at 2pm which is a bummer because I love nothing more than to work all day out of the same spot. Traditionally they've also only ever been open M-F but today I received word that they are now going to be open on the weekends. Would probably make a good weekend spot to grab a quick bite at or to grab to-go as you are on your way, boppin around town!This would be my most perfect coffee shop ever if they carried even one gluten free breakfast item and/or almond milk for lattes. They don't. However, this is a very lovely spot and I love sitting in the window and working now that this little corridor is starting to hop. I had the salmon nicoise salad for lunch - and it is fabulous - a value at $8 - it tasted like a much more expensive dish. I love this place.
I'm gluten free - and I have to say, I have a lot of friends who are. I have an auto-immune disease, so this isn't a fad, I'm truly gluten intolerant. But since it is a trend, I wonder why when I asked about GF baked goods, the woman at the counter said, "That's not her style" (meaning the baker/owner) - no one's style would be to bake GF, it's just a fact of life your patrons are partly GF. Fairgrinds offers a delicious GF zucchini bread - a generous slice and it is always moist and delicious. What would it take to provide just one GF baked good at a bakery? I don't have to worry about cross pollination but if that was the baker's fear - why not bring it in from outside?
And Almond Milk - well here we go again. Soy is not that good for most people and especially those who have auto-immune issues. Since I seem to encounter a lot of people other than myself with thyroid or auto-immune issues who can't have soy - why not carry Almond Milk instead of Soy? 
Yes, this is all alternative but let's get real - this bakery is in an alternative space catering to a lot of alternative types. 
So I would have given this place five stars but I couldn't since they are not serving at least one gluten free breakfast item or providing Almond Milk for lattes/coffee.Wonderful place to grab a nice bagel or hot breakfast Togo. They have some seating and place to eat, but better use to grab and roll to work. 
They have coffee, sodas, waters, all sorts of things. They have all sorts of quick breakfast grabs. I work close by and will swing in to get something on the run. Health options, protein options available as well.I pass this place daily on my way to work. They have a great chicory coffee. The staff is always friendly. The cook is funny and personable. I was able to order lunch to go at 7:30 am! The special was a tomato bisque with side salad. I have no idea wht type of dressing was on the salad but it was fantastic! Had a lil kick and was creamy..the tomato soup hit the spot on a cold day. Definitely worth visiting over and over again. Female owned too...Girl Power!I see the great reviews and then only 4 stars. I don't get it.  I love this place. It is easy to get to and they have a parking lot behind the building. How convenient can you get? Everything, EVERYTHING is made inhouse. The breads, the quiches, the bagels.... I've only been for breakfast right when they open and I am super impressed. I come for the bagels!  And I get a real cup of coffee made to order, not poured out of a canteen.  The young lady behind the counter is super friendly. The man in the kitchen personally comes out to hand me my food and wishes me a great day.  What a wonderful way to start the day. I guess I haven't seen it during the lunch rush but I hope to break away from the office and run over there one of these days. I am a new customer but hope to become a regular.  You notice right off the bat how clean the place is and the pastries in the case look awesome.Laurel street bakery has been better and better with every visit. The olive cream cheese was amazing!!!So happy to have a cute little coffee shop open up so close to my house! They have great baked goods and bagels (I stop in every other morning to get my fix of their sundried tomato spread on a bagel). Very friendly and helpful staff. The only reason for 4 vs 5 stars would be the small selection of bagels. They are usually running very low by the time I get there at 10:30. Can't wait to try some salads and sandwiches!Really enjoyed going when they first opened as it is close to work, the food is good and the service was great. The previous employee who worked at the counter remembered regulars' names and orders. The last few months have been poor though as they now have only one person taking orders, payments and making drinks. I waited in line today for close to ten minutes and still had not been able to order, so I left, as did 2 others while I was there. I'll likely still go occasionally but I'm budgeting an extra 15 minutes into my trip due to the long lines.Always love coming here on the way to work to grab a coffee and bagel! Always fresh! They also have pastries, muffins, and sandwiches for lunch. Good pricesThe Frenchie was the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had! I will definitely be coming back.Laurel St. Bakery is an oasis on Broad st. I absolutely love the breakfast sandwiches. The Frenchie features scrambled eggs, ham, Brie cheese and apricot preserves on a croissant and it is a sweet and savory explosion of breakfasty deliciousness. The California features scrambled egg, scallion cream cheese with avocado and tomato... Divine on a croissant or a bagel.
The coffee here is delicious, the prices are on point, the interior is so lovely, simple and clean. I always enjoy my time here.Baked goods were ok.  Stopped by with the fam on our way to the airport leaving Nola.  The all American breakfast sandwich on croissant was just ok.  We expected a little better or at least to have the cheese melted and the croissant itself wasn't mind blowing.  Bagels were fresh but nothing spectacular also. Ordered a bread pudding and none of us bothered to finish it; not moist, very dense, and super sweet with the frosting on top.  We did get a blueberry muffin that was very good however; moist with a very light crumb.  With everything else New Orleans has to offer, I wouldn't stop here again.  Service was friendly though, and we found street parking right out front just fine.Bagel sandwiches and coffee both excellent. Only issues: 1) could use some music and 2) wish it were open later than 2!I would give this three stars because of its lack of options for vegans, but then I ate the vegan salad and that was enough for another star (nearly two). Breakfast options are lacking: a few bagel options. But I went for lunch today and wasn't expecting much, especially as I knew it was going to be the $8 veggie salad. But it must have something addictive or magical in that dressing because I devoured this massive bowl of goodness without putting the fork down. It was so good and a complete meal. I was surprised the ciabatta is vegan, but the staff member assured me it was - and I ate every.last.bite. 
Will this be my first go-to? Not likely, but I also won't hesitate to go whenever it's suggested or I'm in the area. And I'll definitely recommend it to non-veg people in need of baked goods. My omnivore and vegetarian friends are big fans of their bagel and other sandwiches.Very friendly and accommodating staff. I ordered the caprese salad which was amazing and took home a 1/2 dozen bagels so can't speak to those (yet). 
The bakery is clean and well-kept. Nice and cool from the humidity that I'm not used to. 
I would definitely come back to this little bakery!Stopped by this place since I heard that they sell NY style bagels. Humble's bagels are good, but they are so out of the way for me. I think I found my new bagel spot for when I am itching for a bagel. What I like about this place is that it feels cozy and warm. The coffee and baked goods are priced reasonably. Perfect to study, relax, or get some work done.
 I saw their display case and decided to try their Morning Harvest Muffin & Croissant. All the baked goods were super fresh and not too overly sweet. I brought the bagel home after sitting for half a day, and it still feels soft & bouncy when I poke into it. Yay! I put it in the toaster oven for a few minutes and it was crispy and the right amount of chewiness. 
Looking at their menu, I can see that there are sandwich & salad options and other lunchbox goodies. Fresh bread usually means good sandwiches; I can't wait to come back & try them all.it! My "Frenchie" breakfast sandwich was excellent! My mocha was warm and creamy. The atmosphere was cozy and clean. The lady up front is friendly. We'll visit again.Usually I really like Laurel Street. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered there before. But today I ordered a grilled cheese and tomato soup for me and a grilled cheese for a coworker. Unfortunately, I didn't look at them before I left. Both of our grilled cheese sandwiches were burnt. They were also a size I might give a child. They had so little cheese you could barely see or taste it, especially with the burnt bread. The tomato soup wasn't very warm, but was okay when I stuck it in the microwave. I'll consider going back because of past experiences, but if this were my first visit, I'd never go back.Great bagels, sandwiches, soups, cakes, cookies, and coffee. I repeat (because my review is short) great bagels, sandwiches, soups, cakes, cookies, and coffee.Delicious chai lattes! Very comparable to Starbucks lol 
My daughter got a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese and it looked amazing. 
I got The classic on a poppyseed bagel and I regret nothing. Great local find. 
Second day I came back and got the yogurt with granola and fruit, plus the Florentine. Amazing. And I'm stuffed lolI stopped by yesterday for the first time to buy some coffee and breakfast sandwiches to go. The place itself was adorable--more spacious than I thought! And the lady working behind the counter was so friendly! The wait time for my sandwiches was short, and everything was delicious. I can't wait to come back.
Update: I returned a week later and I was happily greeted by another friendly barista. I bought a king cake to take home. The king cake itself was just okay--not really my type of king cake. It was very flat with no cinnamon swirl in the pastry. Also, the consistency and texture of the pastry reminded me more of a croissant than anything. So not my ideal type of king cake, but king cakes are very personal and I'm not gonna knock Laurel St Bakery for not making king cakes to my preferences. I will continue to return to this place because they are close to my house and have great customer service.3.5/5 that nicoise salad is a find
so that salad, worth swinging by here for. i usually stop by if i have a meeting at propeller, just because it's the only thing around, really. quick spot for coffee or a carbs. it can get busy though, so just know that there isn't always seating during the lunch rush. but otherwise, i've never had trouble getting a table.
coffee is fine, and the bagels and other pastries are also decent options when you just need a quick bite. just know that it's a slim operation (single line), so don't expect to run in and out.I have zero patience for bad or rude service. I just stopped in to get a coffee. I ordered a café Americano, and the girl behind the counter rolled her eyes at me! I'm sorry, I didn't mean to order a coffee in a bakery. I told her to forget it and then left.Apparently they have parking in the back, however, I like to hold up traffic and park on broad street . 
The place is small and narrow, and lightly staffed. The lady taking orders also handed us our food. We waited in line for about 5 minutes or so, however, it make be because it was Saturday late morning/early afternoon. There are a lot of people siting at a table working on laptops, so seating may be limited. We sat in the window and enjoyed the flowers  and sipped water. I will say, to be a peak hipster bagel spot, one is required to have veggie or fruit infused water. But let's move onward and forward to the breakfast. I ordered a croissant with grilled salmon, scrambled egg (sin queso), and avocado.  W O W. The grilled salmon was perfect, warm and moist. The eggs also cooked well and didn't need salt. But of course I added Tabasco. 
My friend and co-reviewer ordered a California bagel with egg, cream cheese, tomato and avocado. As a New Yorker, she said that it was "the best bagel sandwich she's had in New Orleans," (though it's important to note that she has only been here a few months). She suggests the garlic bagels as she loved the garlic chunks. 
We will definitely be back.Great place to grab coffee or lunch! Price point is pretty competitive, around $10 for a salad or sandwich. They have bagels, breakfast sandwiches, muffins, cakes, and other pastries as well. The inside is cute, with a row of 4 top tables down one side. There is a bar top near the windows if you prefer to look out or are waiting for a to-go order. 
Both salads and sandwiches are delicious. I love the chips that come with the sandwiches, and you get a TON! My go-to is the Caprese on Ciabatta. Hearty, but still light enough that you don't need a 1pm nap to recover. 
Sometimes it can be really really slow here. I understand it is not McDonalds, and the food is worth the wait.... but be prepared to wait a good 20 minutes around the busy peak lunch time.Its the best bagels, breakfast sandwich, coffees, pastries, and of course french toast. We have breakfast at least twice a week. Always friendly and always with a smileAmbiance of bakery was nice. My wife ordered a breakfast sandwich and loved it, however I ordered a blueberry muffin and it wasn't good at all in my opinion.Delicious chai lattes! Very comparable to Starbucks lol 
My daughter got a cinnamon raisin bagel with cream cheese and it looked amazing. 
I got The classic on a poppyseed bagel and I regret nothing. Great local find.I've heard rave reviews about Laurel Street Bakery and was there years ago when it was on Laurel Street. We crossed town this morning in search of reportedly excellent  bagels and croissants. I think we got them on a bad day. The bagel were seriously under-proofed, wonky looking, not shiny at all, and gummy. Disappointing and sad. 
The croissants had not yet been baked for the day (at about 9:15am on a Sunday morning). I bought a piece of quiche as well, which looked beautiful but was a bit rubbery, not that soft custard decadence you crave in a quiche. I'm sure it was just a bad day for them but I have to give an honest review. I could have been more forgiving if there was some communication about any of it. My cafe au lait was good at least and it was very clean inside.As one of the many bakeries in the city, Laurel Street Bakery enjoys a convenient location.  It is uniquely situated to be "the" stop for morning commuters because of its proximity to popular routes.  Nothing wrong with this bakery, just nothing special either.  The coffee is alright, the bagels are alright.I work nearby and wanted to get a few trips in before I wrote my review. I think this cafe is on the verge of being a five star restaurant for me. 
They have friendly and fast service. Their space is cute and inviting. Their prices are clear and listed on their website. They have daily specials and affordable options (if you don't have $10 to drop every day for a salad or sandwich lunch).
Their mocha is pretty good. (It's my go-to drink, so I'm a little picky about it.) Their plain coffee doesn't quite do it for me, which is why I dropped the review down by a star. Their menu is coffee and espresso heavy, so I think the basics are the most important to be spot on.
For me, the shining star of this restaurant is their bagels. I had an onion and garlic bagel with bacon and shallot cream cheese, and it was the best bagel I've ever had. They actually take care in toasting the bagel and adding a schmear, so when my order came out, it was perfectly warm with melted cream cheese in the middle. 
This is definitely a place I plan on coming back to.Through a lunch at work, I had the opportunity to finally try Laurel Street Bakery, in which I ordered the Martha (mostly veggie sandwich) on croissant in an effort to make healthier food choices. The Martha has: Shallot Cream Cheese (delish!), Shredded Carrots, Tomato, Hard Boiled Egg, Avocado, Mixed Greens, House Dressing. In my experiences, sometimes you never know what you'll get when it comes to a veggie sandwich -- it can be too thin, bland, or simply not satisfying. That was not the case with this sandwich! The Martha was LOADED with fresh ingredients and everything gelled together perfectly. It came with kettle chips and was both filling and satisfying. I can not wait to try other menu items!
I didn't give 5 stars because I haven't been to the brick and mortar... yet.  However, I love supporting local businesses and I encourage you all to do the same!Hit them up at least once a week for a yummy bagel and ice coffee. Staff is always friendly and timely.If you're in the area and searching for a quick breakfast to-go, then come to Laurel for a bagel! They got the standard variety and a nice chewy texture, which goes great with their chives & bacon or the salmon cream cheese. Their coffee is not too shabby either. They have three daily local blends that taste amazing in cafe-au-lait form. 
The best part about Laurel, especially for the students out there, is their study space. They have about 6 4-person tables, each studded with 4 outlets for all your energy needs! A rare feature in today's ever-changing coffee shop landscape. The ambiance is bright and light. From 7am (when they open) to noon, the whole place floods with natural light, painting the exposed brick wall. Solid wifi and food options for lunch and the perfect amount of "cafe vibes" to not be distracting.This place has a great vibe, the menu has lots of delicious choices, sandwiches, salads, and a la carte items! I got the Tuscan sandwich on a croissant but I think it would be even better on a bagel! Tables were comfortable and seated as tables of four, so you might have to split up if you are a big party. The staff is so nice, she didn't recognize us (we are from out of town) and have us a bunch of treats to take back with us! 5 stars. This place also has street parking and an all gender restroom.Food is always great in theory. Served me burnt toast as usual. Stopped going here, because they always burned my sandwiches. One year later, proudly served up a gorgeous plate of brioche french toast black on one side. Decided to cut off the burnt stuff and stay....
Staff ran out every customer sitting at a table playing super loud pop songs and singing louder than the radio. They had a great time. We all paid 20 bucks for a miserable meal.Had a morning work meeting here and while probably not the best place to hold a meeting (hi, fancy coffee machine that is loud), the food & coffee were both delicious! We attempted to sit in the very back for the meeting but due to the product delivery coming through the back doors, they asked us to move up front. I had the California bagel + caramel latte and could only eat half the bagel because it was loaded! They also have a variety of baked goods that I REALLY wanted to try but I opted for not one, but two lattes this morning. One with breakfast and one for the trip back to work. While this isn't located on my daily commute, I feel certain I can leave the house a few minutes early to go out of my way to stop by again!The food is amazing and the coffee is some of the best in the city! The bagels are made fresh and you have to try the cream cheese with bacon and chives. Everything is priced reasonably well and the service is amazing.I LOVE THIS BAKERY! They have the best little breakfast sandwiches. My favorite is the Tuscan on a croissant, delicious! Their chai is also one of my faves in the city. Please visit this cute little spot!I was looking for bagels for my out of town guests and had read Laurel Street Bakery was the best. They hands down are amazing. I had challenges due to time constraints - the woman who assisted me listened, problem solved compassionately and generously. My frazzled self am now able to deliver amazing bagels to my wedding guests. I wish I would have gotten her name, but I couldn't be more grateful for wonderful service at such a crazy time.I really like the development of this area, and Laurel Street Bakery is an excellent addition with a cute little inside that has a bar you can sit at facing outside or a skinny row of tables that allow for a little more privacy than most cafes. I've met with a few of the peeps from Propeller, around the corner, at Laurel for coffee and lunch.
The first time I visited, their espresso machine was acting up so they offered me a very large iced coffee at a discount, and though I love my espresso, the coffee was delish. I've since had a mocha there, and it had a nice smooth flavor, not burnt or too chocolate-y. 
The second time I visited, I was turned on to the Salmon Nicoise Salad*. It came out fairly quickly, huge portion for $8, and definitely filled me up. Usually I'm a salad dressing douser, but I really didn't feel the need for any extra dressing. I'm usually not that big on having so many carbs in my salad (i.e. the potatoes) but it was a really good salad, and I loved the wooden bowl. They're lucky I'm not the thievin' type. 
I really enjoy hitting up this spot, and want to try more of their pastries and some of their other sandwiches and salads. Just a heads-up, be aware of where you park. Oddly I was blatantly blocked in by a nearby resident, but wasn't going to make a fuss about it. They moved their car after I made puppy dog eyes for a while, looking back and forth at my car and theirs. 
I didn't know this but their site says: $5 minimum on all credit card purchases. Basically a pastry and a mocha for me. 
*Salmon Nicoise Salad: Grilled Salmon served with fresh tomatoes, hardboiled egg, green beans, roasted red potatoes, olives, and shaved red onion served on a bed of mixed greensI love this spot! They've got a great breakfast and lunch sandwich menu and some really tasty baked goods if you've got a sweet tooth. The coffee is amazing as well. They've got lots of seating and its usually pretty quiet, so it's a good spot to go if you're hoping to get some work done or to meet up for lunch. 
Heads up, right now a couple of the side streets in the area are under serious construction, so parking is tough. I park in the Propeller lot in the back that I know 3 Potato 4 uses (in the same building as Laurel St.), and I hope that's ok. I'm glad to see this part of town see so much growth, and I look forward to beautiful new streets to park on the next time I'm in the area and need my caffeine fix.This place is great, the employees are super friendly and work really hard. Delicious coffee and food. The only flaw I have with this place is I wish they had more employees working, especially during busy times. You will often find a super line long, an employee taking orders and that same employee making coffee with only one person in the back preparing food. Because of this, I often find myself passing it up in the mornings and going elsewhere that's faster. Otherwise if you have time, make the trip!Thank you so much for all the delicious pastries y'all are sending to the Touro ICUs during the Coronavirus pandemic. We are strengthened by our community's love and support.Go here often! Pretty good basic menu haven't had a bad meal since. Coffee isn't too strong which is why it's not five stars.I can't say enough good stuff about this place. My new favorite spot in town for a quick breakfast or lunch. Lots of safety being demonstrated for the pandemic as well, which is an added bonus. The everything bagels are amazing, and their croissant breakfast sandwiches are to die for. My fiancé said their coffee was the "best iced coffee he's had since moving to NOLA" so I think that's a win. I get the iced chai latte, and it's perfect. Prices are great, and Service is great as well. Definitely check this place out if you get the chance!