The fried oysters are amazing...  and the salmon with greens is even better.  Excellent food and fantastic service.  Everyone that works here is extra friendly which made it a wonderful experience.  We will definitely be back!Their charbroiled oysters are AMAZING!!!!  My fiancé and I just ordered three rounds @ 8-ct each. We will definitely be visiting again on our next NOLA trip.I got the Oyster BLT, which was delicious, with a side of rosemary fries.  The fries were good, but I may opt for a vegetable next time.  I will return to try their charbroiled oysters.Had lunch and breakfast here and both were fantastic! The charbroiled oysters were out of this world. A must try! They also serve breakfast sandwiches on beignets which was interesting and tasty. Again a much try. The atmosphere is really nice, good for people watching. The chairs for the high tops did not suit me well. Knees were hitting under the table but it's worth the taste of good foodSolid choice! Wife and I popped in for dinner because the place was just a block from our hotel. It had great curb appeal. We had raw oysters, tuna tango salad, and red beans n rice. Everything was well prepared, appropriately served, and fresh tasting. Service was spot on. As a bonus, NOLA Blonde is always 2 for 1. You gotta love that!All I can say is that this place has the best fucking chicken wings. Service was great, but the chicken wings were the best.Staying at a hotel for a conference. Was surprised to find how good the food was. A dozen oysters reasonably priced at $14 and very fresh! Beautifully presented and shucked almost to perfection. Highly recommend for out of towners.It's like a diner with a full bar that serves oysters on the half shell. We got Shrimp Poboys that were good with lots of shrimp, some tasty beignets for dessert, and all without having to cross Canal St into the craziness of the French Quarter.Pretty quick seating
Everything we had was really good- chicken &waffles, okra gumbo, biscuits, and charbroiled oysters 
I would go back 
4/5 stars bc our server was not as professional but I think this is her first big event and she didn't know how to handle it.  Other than that everything else wasQuick lunch on Friday and it was delicious. We had the oyster poboy and the oyster blt with their amazing smoked salmon dip for an appetizer. This salmon dip is the best!  Oysters were crisp without being hard or dried out. Bread was soft but real traditional poboy bread. Good iced tea and even gave us a refill to go!  I will go back!This is my third time eating at this restaurant and the food is delicious. I enjoy trying new items whenever I visit this restaurant. Every experience has been good and I highly recommend the charbroiled oysters and beignets! Simply delicious!I have been staying across the street from this restaurant for 5 days. I saved the best for last it seems. Grilled chicken w blackbeans and a bit of rice and cajun crawfish corn bread. Nice people, relaxed atmosphere and fast friendly service. I will be back.Great oysters expertly shucked by Derrick. Fifth day in NOLA and the best dozen I've had!  Fresh, cold and meaty goodness times 12. Staff very friendly and attentive. I've seen other reviews to the contrary but definitely not the experience I'm having. I do have one critique: I'm not a fan of the condiments served in a way to be shared between customers. Kinda gross to see cocktail sauce in the horseradish. Who knows who's double-dipped and when?!?! That said, I have 3 days left and I'm sure I'll be back!Really great place! We were visiting from out of town and got told we had to check out earlier than we thought. They were also so nice and accommodating. Brandy was our server and she was so fun and easy going. Made for a great experience along with the food. Would recommend the oyster BLT. It was amazing!We will definitely stay at this hotel again because of that one girl at the bar GABBY!!! Awesome chick, nice customer service!! Girl you need a raise!! Straight from California!!!What can I say, second time in this awesome city and Gabby B you were great/awesome! Great service, great attitude and great smile!! Keep up the great work!! Ventura county California!!I ordered the Oyster BLT and it was delicious. It came with one side, so my buddy and I each ordered the sandwich with one of us getting the vegetable (grilled asparagus) and the other getting rosemary fries. Both side were very good. The rosemary fries are very thin cut, not greasy and have a unique flavor. 
Service was adequate, but not great.We stayed in the hotel attached to this restaurant.  Don't know why but we didn't go in there until night before we left for a drink.  Looked at menu and they have chocolate beignets and chocolate beignet bites.  TO DIE FOR!OMG so good!!!! Feel in love with Roshad our server, food was amazing!!! My husband and I never had service this good at any restaurant . Legacy kitchen is by far the best we've ever had!! Compliments to the chef and Roshad, please request him, you won't regret it!!! Can't wait to return back!! Thank you for making my day special!!Worst food I've ha in years!  I actually got sick.  My friend ordered the Rib-Eye steak and when it came out, it was literally a piece of meat on a small white plate ala Denny's.  There was not one other thing on the plate.  It was thin and super greasy.  I ordered the Redfish and the same thing happened.  Just a piece of fish on an empty plate, nothing else.  The fish tasted like it had been cooked in the same pan as the steak.  First time I've ever had fish taste like meat, absolutely disgusting.  Both our meals were well over $20 and were served cafeteria style.  With all the great food N.O. has to offer, trust me and stay the heck away from this place!!GABBY B  GABBY B GABBY B... you are awesome!!  We will definitely come back to the bar and stay here again!! Awesome attitude! Awesome service!!In town for business and love the char-grilled oysters we've had at a couple of other places.  3 of us went here for lunch as it was right across the street and looked like we could do a quick in and out.  MISTAKE!!!!!  Our waitress, Amanda, was obviously distracted and ignored us for long stretches.  Ordered the Char-grilled oysters, cup of corn and crab gumbo and 2 oyster shooters.  The Char-grilled were OK, not great just OK.  The gumbo was less than room temperature and I sent it back.  We waited 20 minutes for a check and we needed to get back to work.  If you want some great char-grilled oysters, go to Dragos.  They cook them right there and they're fantastic and good sized.Food was fantastic and Lucky our server was the coolest. Great drinks and beer specials! Those oysters were delicious,so was the salmon app.We ate here twice. First was for drinks and beignets. Bartender very nice guy and knowledgeable. I had a nice Abita Blueberry Wheat, great summer drink. The beignets were pretty similar to cafe du monde, which we really like. Back the next day for lunch as we were inspired by the menu. It was good, chicken and waffles with a choice of standard maple or a pepper syrup, which was very good. Shrimp po boy was fair, fries were very good. Would recommend as a lunch spot. 3.5 probably closer to the markNot bad... certainly nothing special. The Red Beans and rice were a little light on sausage. The outside of the oysters were a mess with grit and shell chips. The cafeteria atmosphere would be fine if they were charging cafeteria prices. Convenient and decent isn't really good enough in this mecca for amazing food.The Charbroiled oysters are hands down the best oysters I've ever had!! All the other food was great too. The staff is amazing and super friendly!!! The beignets and the beignet sandwich was bomb!!Burger was cooked really well, by which I mean juicy and to perfection perhaps the best I have had in awhile and fries were fresh. Spinach dip was good but should have been hotter.Burger was cooked really well and fries were fresh. Spinach dip was good but should of been hotter.Killing time for a quick snack and a drink. 
Staff is friendly. 
But... I like oysters... with a place who has an "oyster counter" I expect medium sized cold gulf oysters. I ordered a dozen... 12 came out... 8 were tiny... Stupid small. 2 were normal and 2 were so big it was almost impossible to eat. And they were not all that fresh. Super disappointing oyster experience. Otherwise there's people at the bar, but the tables are empty... I feel like I know why.Third time to visit Legacy, it just keeps getting better.  First time was weekend before mardi gras, second was yesterday, and third tonight, all were excellent experiences!  Tonight was special because our waitress, Sarah, was incredible.  Very professional but also fun and friendly, she made my guests from outside the state feel right at home, and fulfilled every request with a smile.  The turtle soup is incredible.  I'm a Louisiana native and have been to "The Palace" many times.  This was every bit as good as their world-famous turtle, and my guests loved the salmon, tuna, and burgers.  But again, Sarah made the night special.  Please ask for her, you will have a great time, guaranteed.  Yesterday, Amanda was also great, she is new but took pains to be sure we were accommodated, and the biegnet sandwiches were awesome. Overall a really good place to have a NOLA food experience.  Next time I'll actually try the oysters!Poor from a-z. Hostess greeted our party without a smile or eye contact. Silverware and glasses were on the wrong side of the table. Our group of three waited 30 minutes for our beer to be brought to our table despite asking multiple waiters. Waiter didn't know about the different beer offerings. Oysters were slightly above average. Our food order took 1 hour to come out. Food was a little above average. Total dinner took about 2.5 hours. This was undoubtedly the worst service I have experienced in the last 1-2 years.Only because I think service carries a lot of weight. Oysters were excellent. Both broiled and raw. The salmon dip was great as well. But the service, on a Tuesday evening at the bar, holy Jesus! Thought the whole staff and manager should have been run off!I really couldn't go anywhere in the pouring rain so I ran into this place for a sandwich and a beer. The very accommodating waitress let me sample a couple of local brews as I waited for my turkey club and fries. The triple decker club was certainly big enough and I was certainly hungry BUT the turkey seemed to be along the lines of "Walmart" low-end deli turkey. Disappointing. Fries however, although from frozen, we're good.The food is good, but service is terrible.  They forgot my husbands order and it took 15 minutes to just get water.Service is great and bite sized beignets are fantastic! Try the chocolate ones. Crab corn bisque is good too!WOW I went here for the first time while
In town for business and really enjoyed the fresh raw gulf oysters on a half shell. It was $14 for a dozen. Although the mint Moscow was not served in the traditional copper mug, it was refreshing and delicious.This restaurant was attached to our hotel so we decided we have to try it at least once. We came at a rather slow time not a lot of people in the restaurant. I ordered the Red beans and Rice and my friend ordered the Oyster BLT. I had put off ordered Red Beans and Rice because I wanted to make sure wherever I got it from was amazing. I was disappointed in the dish overall. Parts of it were cold other parts lukewarm. The Rice was the only thing that was hot on the dish. I mixed it together to redistribute the heat but it didn't really help. The plate was covered in it all to the point I needed to ask for another plate before it spilled onto the table. The wait for my friend to get her wine was long for no reason at all. I know next time to just skip this restaurant all together. It wasn't worth it.The shucker was our best friend! He showed us a whole bunch of cool things about oysters and made an oyster shot for us to try! I have always been scared to try them and it was great to ask questions to an expert. The chicken and waffles were so great!The place makes horrendous coffee. First day, they served our breakfast but our coffee was delayed till after our breakfast was finished and plates picked up. We had a simple cafe au lait order. 
Second day, they told us they cannot make a cortado and also mixed up other coffee orders as well.  They menu has 6 coffee items only.  Most of us threw out the coffee from here in favor of coffee from the crepery across the road.
PS: only reason we go to this place is because we had $15 dollar daily vouchers from the Marriott this restaurant is connected to.I stayed at this hotel during Essence Fest last weekend, so we initially dined here out of convenience. After tasting the food, we came back twice. It was very busy that weekend so service was slow, but the charbroiled oysters and beignets were amazing. I live in Texas and was on a mission to find decent oysters once I made it to NOLA. Finding those oysters at the hotel we were staying in was a major plus.I was staying in the Marriott a few weeks ago and decided to grab breakfast here on my last day and use my $10 elite credit..... upon trying to be seated I was informed they were basically shutting down breakfast seating because of a 40 seat party.  Now, there were three different groups staying in the hotel that weekend (2 family reunions and a wedding) - my thing is you should manage your facilities to accommodate your guests AND your parties.  This was frustrating.  Then the beignet sandwich I ordered was mediocre (being nice).  Not a fan, I wish I'd spent the credit on a drink.  Vodka never is mediocre.  NOT A WINNER.Ok, the food is excellent however I only gave 2 stars because of the lack of information on the menu. My friend and I don't eat pork. No where on the menu did my meal mention that there would be bacon bits. When our food arrived I noticed bacon bits in the cabbage. I sent it back immediately and requested a substitution. 
The following day we went for lunch and again bacon bits were in the waffles.  They really need to add details to their menu. With so many allergies to nuts, eggs, milk etc. someone can become violently ill. 
On another note, the waiter we had was fabulous. I believe his name is Brandon. He was very attentive and friendly.Decided to try the hotel for oysters.  One dozen raw and all but one was improperly shucked.  The abductor muscle was never released making it difficult to remove the oyster.  Also, given the competition you would think they could get good large oysters.  Oysters were small and had none of he liquor left in the shell.  Disappointing.This place was great! The menu didn't have a variety which was hard to decide what we all wanted. I know I wanted seafood and I wanted to try the charbroiled oysters. Of course this was a famous place on the list to have the oysters, but it was still tasty. Our waiter was great and friendly. The soup was even enjoyable. I believe it had corn and seafood if my mind serves me correctly. However, I did have a weird person that worked there that was eyeing our table. It was a little strange to say the least. We laughed, but the only reason I didn't give it a 4 was because it was lacking variety and choices. Overall, it was a pretty decent place for a meal. We only ended up there because the other spots were either too far or the wait was excessive. The plus was it was right next to our hotel so that made the decision easier.Best oysters I have had in quite a while - Derrick was awesome.  Happy hour 2 for 1 - fresh and clean and HUGE oystersOyster on the half shell? Check! Chicken and waffles? Check! Two for one beers? Double check! Fresh and delicious Beignettes? You better believe it! Great food and full bar are the name of the game. Danny the bartender is very friendly and gets the job done with a smile. Pretty limited menu, but after eating here three times I never got bored. Highly recommended!I am desperately trying my best to enjoy this place. My boyfriend and I live in the strand apartments (1/2 a block away) and we frequent this restaurant about 3-5 times a week. Although we have become a "regular", the service does not seem to be improving. I am a local and when it comes to food, we don't take it lightly. I am more than patient especially during an event season such as Mardi Gras but this place seems to take twice as long even when there is only one other table occupied in the restaurant. The food is decent, certainly nothing to brag about and the aesthetics are beautifully decorated with dark wood tables and old-fashioned style bar in the middle; however, nothing can surpass how awful the service is. Half of the staff cares about their job and are simply trying to become more efficient whilst having a few hiccups here and there, but then there is the other half of the staff of just don't give a s**t. The need for higher staff occupancy seems to get lost amongst the management as well. During Mardi Gras weekend, you should have higher staff working than during not event times. I do not want special treatment for coming as frequently as I do, I would just like to have the confidence that when I place my order the first time, it will be taken care of without requiring repetition, or worse, being completely forgotten about.Oh my God lLegacykitchen is the worst place to be it's nasty they don't wash their cups properly the cup still had old coffee rings in it from the other day I waitress named Gabrielle drop a hamburger on the floor and give it to the customer the place is just horrid and they're going to get someone sick by eating off dirt plates andThis is nothing special, but conveniently located in the lobby of our hotel. We had drinks there a few times during our stay, and we had breakfast once. The beignet breakfast sandwich was actually pretty good. Prices are standard, but if you are staying in the hotel it is convenient!Both my wife and I had the redfish, it was incredible! We have been back twice since, all our meals were fabulous!!Food is average but very overpriced. The service is by far the worst around. The employees never smile and make you feel like you are bothering them. Hostess finished her conversation before she came back to her stand to seat us. Would not recommend.The charbroiled oysters here are so good! I'm so glad we found this place. We also had the pleasure of being served by Gabby, she was pretty awesome.We only had a few hours in New Orleans before we had to keep pushing east and I had a need for some good food. Now that sounds easy until you consider I'm traveling with 4 other people and we all like different foods. Some wanted sea food, some wanted breakfast and the others, they wanted Beignets! So we hit the streets with a little time and lots of hunger. We wandered about the tall buildings and city streets full of life until we came to a beautiful glass window. On it was a road map to all that we desired. Legacy kitchen's oyster counter + tap room! Once inside this magical kingdom the services was great (Datona). She was very attentive. The food was equally good. Everyone loved what they ordered. The Beignets at the end were amazing. In the end, all the hearts and stomachs of my tribe were happy! Now forward East! If ever in these parts be sure to stop in!Oh, man. What an awful mess...
So, I'm visiting NOLA with my family. We were beat today from shopping and running around so we decided to get some dinner close to where we were staying. Walked by this place a few times and thought maybe it would be worth a shot. Sweet baby jesus, now I feel like I need to get my head examined.
It's a Monday, there's a pretty big party, I take a seat at the bar which is pretty much full. Not sure who the kid is who takes my drink order, but he's definitely not a bartender. The bartender is yapping away with someone at the end of the bar and pays no attention to the rest of us sitting patiently. Finally, I get a double of Woodford, neat. 
Cut to the order. I put in for an oyster po boy (sort of. I do not understand the menu description. I guess it's their "spin" on a classic?), baked chicken with black beans and avocado, a side of rosemary fries, and red beans and rice to go. In addition, I tell the kid I want 8 raw gulf oysters while I'm waiting for my order. 30 seconds later a girl comes up to the kid to confirm that I want 8 oysters. At the same time this is all happening, a guy from the party walks up to the bar and asks how long a salad has been sitting at the counter. The bartender says "oh, it just got there". The salad was there when I sat down. Until this point, I thought it was part of the staff, maybe a mascot or something. Doesn't matter, BACK TO THE STORY.
So, I am nursing my Woodford because I want to have some for when my oysters arrive. Seems like it's been a while, oysters don't take long to shuck. That much I know.
All of a sudden, 20 minutes later, I see a bag. A to-go bag. It's mine. The kid brings it to me with a ticket and says "lemme go check on your oysters". I say forget it, as now it is completely devoid of sense for me to wait for oysters and let my food get cold. I can only imagine some poor soul in full diving gear who works for the restaurant, frantically searching for my oysters in the Gulf so that I can eat them before my to-go order arrives. I can hear his heart break as I cancel my order. I hope he's ok...
So, I kick back the rest of my Woodford, pay my ticket, and head for the door. I get back to my hungry wife and daughter, lay out some plates and silverware, and unload the food. Here's the good part:
oyster sandwich- beyond bland, tough bread, wilted lettuce, mealy tomato. And no sauce or seasoning. I could actually TASTE the college football game in the damn thing.
Baked chicken-holy crap this had to be a joke. Tough chicken, no seasoning, the avocado was around a gram in weight, and there was some sour cream.
Fries-soggy, cold, basically the worst things that can happen to fries. Seriously, how do you screw up fries?!?!
Red beans and rice-SHAAAAAME!!! This place should close its doors over this. Bland beans, INSTANT WHITE RICE, and "sausage" that tastes store bought.
All in all, terrible. Would never eat here again. Total waste of time, total waste of ingredients that could have been used to reflect the taste and culture of this great city. 
I tipped the kid that took my order, I felt bad for him. At least my Woodford was good...Great place, great oysters at a great price. $7.00 a dozen at Happy Hour is as good as it gets! Debbie and I had a wonderful time. Derek behind the bar is one of the coolest dudes I've met in a long time and is an outstanding oyster shucker. My wife and I really enjoyed his company! Derek you made us feel welcome and at home, love you man!!! Hope to see you again soon!!Went to new Legacy Kitchen in the CBD last night for a quick dinner. It's on Common and Baronne and has only been open 3 weeks. We were pleasantly surprised. The menu was heavy on oysters and each preparation that we tried was delicious. We cannot wait to go back and try other items on the menu. The mgr, Heather, was very attentive and made us feel like we were valued customers. Decent wine and beer selection. Welcome addition to neighborhood.I have to say that my friends had horrible service in the evening, but we were starving in the morning and this was the closest place. The beignet breakfast sandwich and cafe au lait were delicious, and the service was great for us (in the morning). It was clean, and there were tons of seats and TVs. If you just want a yummy beignet and don't care about the history/cache of  Cafe du Monde, these are great. They even have chocolate ones and miniature ones if you're bored with traditional beignets.While staying at the Renaissance, we stopped in here a several times; once for morning coffee only, once for late night drinks at the bar, again for morning breakfast and then later that evening for dinner and drinks.  The service is horribly inconsistent, while somewhat friendly, these servers have absolutely no training on providing acceptable service.
The delays we dealt with were rather ridiculous and completely unacceptable.  We did enjoy the coffee, the breakfast entrées and sandwiches and the dinner food (wings have amazing flavor!).  One member of our party, who ordered their American breakfast got a completely cold and over-cooked breakfast.  Fortunately, the manager came by and quickly took it back and made a new one.  But the servers are running around frazzled, bringing the wrong items to our tables and simply not working efficiently, with a focus on good customer service.
All that said - The bartender (believe her name is Nancy) at the lobby bar within the Renaissance was amazing!  She was VERY friendly, personable and helpful.  She was quick to provide our wine and service.  The problems seem to center around the breakfast/morning crew. 
While visiting for dinner on our last night at the Renaissance, Hurricane Nate was coming and the entire town was closing up early, but it seems that this place called in all their managers, as when we visited, it was obvious to us all the staff working were management and there were so many of them and only 2 servers.  We spoke to one of the managers and explained the issues we had during our stay there.  He understood and apologized, which was nice.  They do offer a really nice product in a beautiful atmosphere and if they picked up on training their servers, there's no reason they couldn't be amazing.Awesome happy hour! Half off house wine and beer. Half off a dozen chargrilled and buy one get one raw oysters. Everything was so tasty. We even ordered some chicken and waffles, there's bacon in the waffle! The service was really nice too. Will be back for happy hour or brunch!We had breakfast and some Beignets it was a great experience.  Wait staff is friendly and courteous and the food is perfect.  Chicken and Waffles was one of the best tasting, especially with their spicy maple syrup.  They are also a bar at night so you can check them out almost anytime.  Enjoy!Good for groups meeting for drinks and oysters at the bar and staying at Renaissance hotel.We went for breakfast. WORST. IDEA. EVER. Small servings...cold, meh food...high prices. 
You'll do better going to IHOP around the corner on Canal, trust me.This was my group's first stop after we landed in NOLA because we were all starving and didn't feel like trekking around in the Mardi Gras madness to eat elsewhere and they were able to seat us right away. They had a great happy hour with cocktails and 2 for $5 beer special (yes please!!). Our waiter was awesome and super funny/high energy I think he was my favorite part of our experience aside from the cheap beers. I ordered red beans and rice, it was just okay. I've honestly tasted better of that meal here in LA so I was a bit dissapointed, but for a hotel restaurant I didn't expect much. Convenient and good for drinks but would not come back for anything else.After a very unfortunate day we decided to have a happy hour here.
Party of two. For him, chicken wings. For her, a dozen of oysters. 
Chicken wings must come from heaven and made by and angel. Best chicken wings I've ever had. BBQ sauce was not necessary, the wings are super juicy and tasty. 
The oysters were extremely good and fresh. First place that met my expectations when it comes to seafood in New Orleans. 
Roxy, the girl at the bar, was great! Extremely professional and helpful. 
Will come back for sure next time in New Orleans.
Hi Roxy!Reviewing only on the service, oysters and their cocktails.  Legacy made an oyster lover out of me, they introduced me to the oyster on a cracker way of eating them.  Yum!  Cocktails to die for, nice wine list and the bartenders were all terrific.  I ate here so many evenings I lost track, they have a terrific happy hour and late night oyster special!This place has the appeal of a TGIF on a Wednesday afternoon and the food of an airport Applebee's. The service is sub par (my cappuccino was served in a paper cup and was probably from a Keurig). Gross. The food was just as bland and pre-made. Bad, overpriced and loud. This is NEW ORLEANS, the capital of great food: there is no excuse for this awful place.The oysters and truffles were really good but the entrees and salads were overly salted and too heavy in dressing. If you order sale get the dressing on the side and ask for light flavoring on anything you order. I was going to do two stars but am doing three because they brought us champagne to compensate for the overly salty meal. Good service but stick to appetizers and drinks.Had a burger. Actually it was pretty good .   The Bloody Mary, not so good .  I would go back.  Place clean, great service and it looked like customers enjoyed their food .Oh my God lLegacykitchen is the worst place to be it's nasty they don't wash their cups properly the cup still had old coffee rings in it from the other day I waitress named Gabrielle drop a hamburger on the floor and give it to the customer the place is just horrid and they're going to get someone sick by eating off dirt plates andSo I liked it well enough.  It was attached to my hotel and I was given a $15 voucher...each night.  If it's free it's for me.
My food arrived at a reasonable time. The charbroiled oysters were good. The red beans and rice seemed a little lukewarm to me but I pushed through.
I have 2 more vouchers to use so I will be back.
The prices are a little high but I guess you are paying for convenience.Food here is tiny. Prices seem reasonable until the food arrives. Take a look at my picture of the tiny lemon pie I got to go after my tiny meal.This review is quite limited since only had coffee and beingets. They opened a week ago and are still working out some of the kinks. Our server was very friendly and attentive. Its a cute spot and with a convenient location. The coffee was amazing! If you like strong dark coffee this is a good place. The beingets leave something to be desired, if you have never had a great beingets you may not be able to tell the difference.  The rest of the items I saw coming out of the kitchen looked delicious. I will definitely be back to try other items.I walked in with a colleague, we are in suits, waited at the bar 10 minutes (lunch time), the bar is 3/4 empty, no one acknowledged us, no menu, nothing. Meanwhile the waitstaff are all entertaining themselves, chatting it up near the kitchen. They see us, we see them. We walked out. If the food was good, no way of knowing. Impressive...Loved the alligator poppers, oysters, crab bisque soup and chicken and waffles! Good service and polite waiter at 9:30 pm on a Monday. The oyster shucker should be a little more careful as I had several shells in mine but they were fresh and delicious otherwise.Nice place attached to the Renaissance hotel. Good service inventive yet homey good. Good eats!Oh my God lLegacykitchen is the worst place to be it's nasty they don't wash their cups properly the cup still had old coffee rings in it from the other day I waitress named Gabrielle drop a hamburger on the floor and give it to the customer the place is just horrid and they're going to go downhill from there.Loved this place. Will definitely be back! Crawfish Cornbread is the BEST!!! You gotta try!!!Best grilled oysters in the city!
Gumbo was also excellent!
Sat at the bar waiting on my wife and enjoyed chatty with Gabby- she did an excellent job!
The manager also seemed very attentive as well.
I'm not used to restaurants in hotels with good food but like I said - the oysters are the best I've ever had, and I've been to a lot of places in Louisiana!
Not a real fancy place but I don't like em fancy, just looking for good food and service!
MaryChristmas!The service was great. From walking in and being greeted to being seated. The food was on point. Very delicious and priced reasonable.Throughout my four day stay in NOLA, my friends and I came to Legacy 3 out of 4 of those days. It was connected to our hotel, and they had an awesome happy hour.
Happy hour is daily 3-6 and applies to the table too, not just at the bar. You can get $3 beer/wine, and BOGO raw/charbroiled oysters. I'll admit that on our first visit, we went a little crazy. We each got a dozen oysters (which comes out to about $8 for a dozen), AND 8 of the charbroiled oysters ($7.50 for 8). Everything was great, but the charbroiled oysters are a bit heavy. Eight is definitely too much for one person.
There was never really anyone there whenever we went during happy hour. I'm not sure why more people aren't taking advantage of this deal. If I lived in NOLA, my cholesterol level would definitely be up from coming here all the time.