The food and the ambience were fabulous. I had the shrimp and grits while I enjoyed some fantastic Jazz on the piano.Fantastic service from Kim. Had an amazing fried chicken special. Seriously one of the best fried chicken dinners I've ever had. And really good music.Come for the music, not the food.  Dined here twice and both times the entrées were less than impressive. Pork porterhouse from last time was way too tough. Ordered the "Handmade Ravioli" this time and it was pretty bad, too salty, sour, and heavy.  The texture of the filling was very strange and the whole ravioli was undercooked, like well below al dente.  I told the waitress this when she collected my half eaten plate since she asked how I liked it.  "I didn't really" and etc, etc but they didn't do anything about it on my bill.  Whatever.  Chocolate grand marnier ice cream was bleh.  It was runnier than gelato, heavy, and the flavor was too sweet even for chocolate.  Fail.
HOWEVER, the musical talent that they book there and the servers, now THEY are impressive.  Super friendly table service and they book some of the best musical talents in NOLA. The venue itself is well ventilated so it doesn't get stuffy and the stage is lit nicely.  Street parking is slightly easier here than in the FQ itself so I would come back to listen to the music which will usually run you $10 in advanced +$2.50 service fee or $15 at the door.This was one of my favorite music venues/restaurants in New Orleans.
I had the Smoked Pork Porterhouse which consisted of fresh berry-apricot compote, braised greens, and cheddar-sweet potato gratin. It was very juicy and full of flavor. I also had some sort of whiskey drink that had actual walnuts and sugar in it. This place must be visited if you are in New Orleans. You will not be disappointed.I walked in by accident to this place and was tremendously surprised by the amazing service, live entertainment, and quality of the food. It was to die for. While you must buy all of your meal items separately, it was still a great tasting meal. The servers did not rush me out and actually encouraged me to hang out and enjoy the music. I was pleasantly surprised to see two great Jazz legends walk up on stage while I was eating dinner. You just never know who you are in the presence of...such as Charlie Miller and Delfeayo Marsalis. In fact, it was so good that I am heading back there tonight instead of going to the French Quarter like so many other people.Most of these stars are owed to the food and the band, which were just lovely. While the waitstaff was performing their best, having only two and one bartender on working Sunday for brunch seems silly. They were just spread too thin. Having one more sever would mean that we would have probably gotten a coffee refill. I feel this little gem is not fulfilling its potential .$13.99 buffet in NOLA unheard of!!! Only reason for the 4/5 stars, it needs more less carb selections only 5-6 dishes to choose from- mixed salad, two dressings to choose from, fried chicken (needed some salt and pepper the breading was perfect texture and crunch just lacked flavor), roasted chicken (very flavorful) corn pudding, Mac and cheese, greens, andouille sausage and chicken gumbo with rice (OMG SMACK YER MOMMA GOOD!!), they replaced the empty corn pudding with some seasoned butter beans. That is all they offered nothing sweet.Little Gem was recommended to us by the concierge at our hotel.  We walked around New Orleans all day and were exhausted by the time we arrived, but it was a perfect end to the day.  Messy Cookers Trio was the jazz band playing that evening, and we ordered some appetizers to start as we enjoyed their show.  We tried the ribs and slaw, BBQ shrimp and cornbread, and fried green tomato wedges.  All were very tasty -- especially the shrimp!
We had a table of 13 and the service we received for our group was excellent.  Our server was always checking in and quick to get anything we needed.  We had a couple vegetarians in the group, and the only vegetarian entrée option (the ravioli) was unfortunately not available that night.  The chef made a delicious pasta jambalaya instead.  My sister had the shrimp and grits, and that was really tasty and flavorful.  
The restaurant has a nice upscale feel, and it is a wonderful escape from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter.We saw Detroit Brooks and company on a friday night over dinner and drinks and we really enjoyed ourselves. They took some recommendations and sang happy birthday to the birthday girl. Our waiter was extremely nice. It was actually really cold inside though bring a jacket!Ate dinner here before a basketball game with a friend and friends of hers. Received a glass of house wine for free thanks to my check-in. The white wine fit perfectly with the shrimp and grits, which was very good!I really like this place. My wife and I came here for dinner, and we got to see Ingrid Lucia and her band; they were excellent. Both the atmosphere and food was great, and I really like what they've done with the interior; it has a very cool feel.They didnt validate the tickets we purchased when we came in set a tone we could have walked in and not paid in advance. On the bright side, our table was ready when we arrived. The drinks were decent and kept us distracted like the endless cornbread being served at the table  while waited for our food. The music was great (Deacon John & the Ivories was engaging and so amazing!)  but even though we had a big party the food was brought out over 45 min after we ordered. Most of our food was cold and needed additional seasoning to be enjoyed. Most of our party was sincerely dissatisfied with our meal. If you are looking for a date night spot you might enjoy it based on the amazing band alone.Went to hear music, blues blowout, and they switched menu to football day menu. It was Saturday night.  $15 for burger and fries and they brought the fries cold.  My friends got a salad and the dressing was supposed to be blue cheese, but it was disgusting, consistency of mayonnaise. The waitress dropped off the salad without forks and didn't return for 30 minutes. I hate rips offs and poor service. Very limited menu and they weren't that busy.  That was just greedy.  I'll never go back there for music no matter who is playing.As an overall experience, this was my favorite dinner in my 4 nights in New Orleans. This place is definitely a "gem". 
Everything was perfect: the service, the food and the ambience. But the real coup de gras was the live jazz - simply awesome.
The 4-piece band kept me and my buddy glued to our seats for 3 hours. It definitely helped that the food matched the excellence of the music, simply an amazing evening.
This is on my "must return" list. Check it out!The band was amazing, the food didn't live up to the hype or the cost. Our server left halfway through our meal (no heads up) and the server who took over never explained this and we had to flag her down. The venue itself was beautiful and quaint. Overall we were bummed.Be sure to call and be sure they aren't charging for the show. We made reservations because the menu looked great but we decided to forego it when we were notified after arriving there was a $22.00 per person charge on top of dinner.Came here for brunch. Great band, awesome food, fun ambiance, and attentive service. 
Just as an FYI and based on other reviews below, "barbecued shrimp" in New Orleans is a bit of a misnomer. Dishes with that title do not contain barbecued shrimp -- rather, this dish contains pan fried/grilled shrimp sitting in a rich, deep, buttery sauce. I wouldn't give a negative review just because of that miscommunication.Little Gem is a great spot to grab a drink and listen to one of New Orleans many great artists. Had the absolute best service from Justin even after he had worked two double shifts that weekend. Food is decent but the real star of the show is the ambiance. Go for the gumbo and skip the crab cakes. They are a bit small and have a lot of breading. To be fair, it's hard to impress this Maryland girl anywhere outside of Baltimore. The crawfish Mac and cheese is pretty tasty as well. They can do it with or without the bacon.  Reservations are recommended as the place is fairly small but there are several large tables for bigger groups.Recommended by a friend who had a great experience the previous night and she wanted to eat here a second time. Our drinks were outstanding and I enjoyed the Little Cubano. We all had a great time with our cocktails and I would highly recommend getting yourself any cocktail on the bar menu. The cocktails seemed to be what everyone in the restaurant was enjoying and discussing. 
It was a crazy, busy night for the Gem staff and our servers not only changed, but were distracted. They were very nice although we just didn't get the attention we expected in comparison to other NOLA restaurants. The music was 1940's jazz, which we all loved. It was a lot less noisy than other downtown eateries and we were all very relaxed in the lovely Gem atmosphere. 
We did not ask for recommendations from the server and I think this was our mistake. Other patrons seemed to be enjoying cocktails and food we had not ordered. We think we just hit an "off" night. I had the mussels starter and although mussels in general can be gritty, mine were extremely gritty. They were delicious but I was chewing on grit hours after I had finished eating. Honestly, the mussels at Joe's Crab Shack are better. The salads were sub-par, plain,  and just no comparison to the salads at Walk-On's, which is right next door to the Gem. Choose something else over a salad.
Our friend had the barbecued shrimp the previous night and raved about her meal. The second night, she had the crawfish macaroni and cheese. Her mac and cheese was tasty, although she felt Kraft mac and cheese was better. We all wished we had ordered the barbecue shrimp. I would highly recommend the barbecue shrimp over other menu items. 
The truffle fries were just okay. Overall, the food experience was disappointing and the menu prices were higher than what we had been paying in other restaurants. 
The Little Gem Saloon is a stark contrast to Bourbon Street with the loud music and horrible drinks. If you would like a quiet, peaceful, relaxing experience with old jazz and great cocktails, this is the place to be. Choose your entrees carefully and realize not every item on the menu is a "gem."Good food and good times. Service can be a little spotty and slow but otherwise great.Spent one night and one day setting up for a special recording upstairs and the entire staff was awesome!  They really went out of the way to make sure everyone was comfortable, I will be going back soon to experience the great live music and the amazing food we received on our last day.I thought the burger was good. We went for the Saturday night show Kermit ruffins, who I enjoyed immensely. Nice little piece of New Orleans history and jazz. Service was good, and the crowd was enthusiastic. Overall I would recommend it but I wished they had posted something about the 22$ cover charge. I called in the afternoon and nobody mentioned it and there was nothing on the website. Otherwise I would have given 5 stars.What an amazing night CCWC (Corporate Council Women of Color)  had at this place. It was a corporate party and we were treated with the utmost respect. Bryan was our bartender and he was as sweet as can be! Thank you Adam Lee for all your help and your beautiful energy. I can't remember the name of the band that was playing, but we were in awe at the talent! When I come back to NOLA, I know exactly where to go! Thank you Little Gem Saloon, you are truly a gem.We were able to get in without planning ahead during the French Quarter Fest.  Soul Project provided music while we were pleasantly surprised by the food.  The truffled grits and bread pudding were excellent.  While the service was not up to the usual fine standards of NOLA, I have no complaints about the friendliness, attention or timing.  It was just a little clumsier than we have experienced in this restaurant rich town.  Perhaps the waiter was new or pulling down two jobs as he also greeted us at the door. Certainly nothing to stop us from going again.  We bagged out before the upstairs jazz show started much to my dismay.  I really hope this restaurant succeeds.  It  is a noble venture.Are you a tourist? No? Well then you should know better than to eat here. Unfortunately, a tourist friend of mine booked an open table here when she couldn't find a reservation anywhere else. So here we go:
First, Little Gem, you cannot charge a cover ($15) when people have come to your restaurant to eat. That is so insanely tacky. And, if you have charged a cover, your performer cannot go around the room asking for tips. Tips are for those performers who are not paid directly, which judging from the cover, "because there is a band", your performers were. Also, the music playing was tourist jazz, which you can hear literally anywhere else in the city for less.
$9.00 for a well gin and tonic. Just no. 
$14.00 for two tiny bites of alligator sausage. Also no.
The rest of the food our table received was also dull, flavorless and uninspired. It was like they copied menus from other restaurants around the city , but had no idea how to execute them.
Service, slow and incompetent, we were there forever. We asked for individual checks. The server did not say he wouldn't do it. Yet he came back with two checks for six people but the items for the people were not correct. Paying was a mess. 
There are so many better options in this city, go somewhere that is not here.Kermit Ruffins & the BBQ Swingers. One of the highlights of my time in NOLA, this time hurr.
I made my dinner reservation well in advance of the show since I wanted a table, instead of being a peasant in the standing room only part of the Ramp Room. However it was not incredibly clear if you needed tickets for the show in addition to the dinner reso. You need the tickets, the dinner table reso just makes sure you get a table rather than being segregated back behind with the peasants in standing class. 
You enter through the courtyard, they check off your name, and you buy your tickets for Kermit (or whomever if on a different night.) Then you go in, up the stairs to the left to the second floor, then you enter the Ramp Room which is basically a speakeasy club. There are high tables and low tables, plus the bar around back. The high tables are where it is at so you have a clear line of sight in case an inconsiderately tall person sits at the low table in front of you, if you were at a low table too then you just see the back of that jackass's head. Nobody pays $20 for that. Get the high table.
The men's restroom is actually impressively clean. Someone spent some time in there with a toothbrush. Unlike other bars I visited there weren't 3,000 cigs in the urinals and condom wrappers strewn about elsewhere - it was impeccably clean all around.
Our waitress was also fantastic. She honored the yelp check in app deal, and then some. The current deal is a glass of house wine, but the prior deal was a free maple bourbon cocktail the last time Shamarr Allen was around these parts. Free drinks make everyone happy, but the maple bourbon cocktail makes everyone pretty dang happy because it is perf. 
I was ambivalent about what food to order, so I waited a bit and watched other tables order food so I could see what was what. The table next to us had a middle aged dude and his college aged son, I am guessing, not a date. The older guy ordered the ribs I was considering - when they came they looked excellent. The guy bit into one and liked it so much he offered one rib to his younger companion. The younger companion enjoyed it just as much - the kind of visceral "this is good food!" you can spot from a distance. So it was set, I wanted the ribs too.
The ribs are amazeballs. For a "small plate" at $11 it is quite a lot of food, and it is all good stuff too. The peach mustard BBQ sauce is quite refreshing when mixed with the cole slaw. The meat falls off of the bone easily with a fork and it is hot and juicy. I am not the biggest ribs person in the world, but these ribs could potentially make me into a fan boy for ribs. 
Little Gem is a cool, clean, basically upscale place to catch some great amazing live music like Kermit or other fantastic artists they book. Put this on your list to come catch a show - and get the ribs, at the very least you now know of two tables that were extremely satisfied by the ribsA review as a music venue or for the food and drinks?  Both, an average sort of for both.  I would sum this place up thusly.  Overpriced tourist trap with average food and drink.  I went on a Saturday night to listen to Kermit.  I love Kermit.  He asked everyone where they were from and no one seemed to be from New Orleans.  No big deal but a huge group of them didn't listen at all to the music and talked right over a local legend.  Drag.  I drank with dinner so I ordered the $8 bread pudding.  It's good but not for $8.  For $17 you get in and a place somewhere around the bar for $22 you eat dinner and get a table.  I saw a lot of folks fork over the $17 only to crowd around the bar area without a seat.  We were lucky to get a table by the bar for our $17.  I'm not sure Kermit wouldn't put on a better or different show somewhere else.  He was good but his song selection was weird.  I'm not a big fan of this place overall.Service was fine ,Chicken over cooked almost burned , not worth price was excited about going so disappointed I would not go backI visited here for lunch, I could not have been more disappointed.
Service was slow. It took over an hour to get our food.
I ordered the chicken Caesar salad, the chicken must have been cooked with fish as it had a VERY strong fish taste.
I also ordered the mac and cheese which never came. 
I left hungry, and the rest of the people in my party were disappointed in the quality of their meals. 
In Louisiana you would expect hot sauce options ....we were given tabasco sauce. 
I would never return here again based on food quality, and extremely poor service.Nice little place downtown. Just the right size to see the live performance on the stage . Good acoustic for music. Good food, Excellent service and friendly bartender.The feel of this Saloon is so artificial. We all need to go in and spill more beer, scuff it up a bit. But just a little. It's a bit rigid and unloved and unlived in because it's all newly renovated but thank goodness for all that. It's artificial because it's positioned in no man's land - there's no music scene around it to support it's potential music scene. And no Storyville nearby, like olden days, to strike a pose of uncivilized behavior and pack the house. The space should NOT be wasted though and hopefully Little Gem will find it's mini concert or slow brunch groove before it collapses under the weight of it's ghostly past. It just needs some new stars to rise from the ashes and bring their friends. It needs Burlesque. And I love the deviled eggs.Coooorn bread is great. Had shrimp, fries, and crawfish Mac n cheese.  All good service was not bad. Live music is always nice. The abita purple hazes to go made our walk back to Bourbon nice. I would go Back.Good food but portions are very small.  Terrible service!!!  Think twice!!!  It was a very disappointing $300 nigt!!!!!Great intimate jazz and blues club. Make sure you reserve one of the tables in advance - no obligation to order dinner (unless you want to) at the high tops.
Last night was Saint Joseph's Day, so lots of visitors to the show. In Addison to Kermit Ruffins regular band, he brought up Sleepy James Winfield and Nayo Jones for a few songs. Everyone was spot on, playing the favorites.
Star of the show was Haruka Kikuchi who is the young trombonist from Tokyo who has now been in New Orleans for almost 3 years. She was a crowd favorite.
Shows at 7pm and 9pm but if you come early you can stay late!Came here for Mother's Day brunch.  It was a very small menu, but really good.  The boys got shrimp and grits.  Incredible andouille sausage.  The girls all got classic breakfast.  Not a huge fan of the grits.  Biscuit was flaky and delicious!  The only negative comment was the music was very loud.  It was hard to talk and listen to each other. Service was great, too!This place was great! They had a live band, it was conveniently close to my hotel (Le Pavilion), and the food was delicious. I was able to get a free glass of wine because I checked in and it was delicious as well. It was a little pricy, but it's a classy restaurant. The hospitality was excellent as well. 5 star service!I always hate that Yelp doesn't have half star options.  Little Gem definitely doesn't deserve 4 stars based on their food but I didn't want to give them 3 stars because the doctor that owns the restaurant is a nice guy and I appreciate what he has done to the building and the idea behind the restaurant.
I have been to Little Gem twice.  The first time was right after it opened for a ticketed event to see Kermit Ruffins.  The place was very crowded and my friend and I were some of the only ones who didn't have a seat.  I think I just had a few drinks and enjoyed the atmosphere and the concert.  I would definitely return for another event like this but I would make sure to book early and reserve a table beforehand.
I went for the second time yesterday for lunch with my father.  We were there at noon on the day of the Sugar Bowl.  Downtown was pretty busy with OU and Alabama fans but the restaurant wasn't too busy.  The host let us pick our table which was nice.
The waiters who took care of us were very nice and attentive.  The only problem came with the lunch.  My father and I both ordered the Louisiana Blue Crab Cake from the "Large Plates" section of the menu.  I didn't pay attention that Crab Cake was in the singular because I never imagined that the "Large Plate" would only contain one crab cake the size of a large half dollar.  The rest of the items on the "large plate" were mostly inedible.  The fried green tomatoes, Caper-Celeriac Gribiche and the Succotash Salad were left mostly untouched on both of our plates.  In fact, it wasn't until looking over the menu to write this review that I realized that what I thought were two fried hunks of onion deceptively placed next the the singular crab cake were actually the fried green tomatoes.  The crab cake was ok for a bite and a half...
I will point out that the cost of that "large plate" was only $13 so it wasn't too horrible a value, but I think most diners would have been much happier with more crab cake and less crap to make a plate look full.
That said, I know many people like the food at this restaurant and my father likes the oysters.
The good doctor has done a tremendous job restoring this building in the CBD that sat empty for so long and the place has a great atmosphere so I will definitely be back.Zero stars for the worst place in a while. Horrible service, beer took forever, lost orders. Ran out of french fries and brought food 2 hrs after we got there.
And the food was terrible as well...Gotta give Kermit Ruffins and his show 5 stars.  What a great way to spend a Sat night in NOLA!
We'll give the food 5 stars as well.  The Oysters and BBQ shrimp were fantastic!  Once we got them...
The service however...  2 stars.  Terrible.  We waited for about 30 minutes after getting our menus for someone to take our order.  We finally flagged someone down.  Nobody seemed to be sure who our waiter was.  Once we finally ordered they came to our table with the wrong dishes. Fortunately the show was an hour and a half long so we were able to eat by the time the show was done.  The folks next to us had an even worse time. The waiter lost their order.  They had to reorder everything.  Once their food arrived they got virtually everything wrong on the order and they had to send everything back.  As we left they were having a long conversation with the manager. 
So...  great music, great food, terrible service. We'd probably go back and try our luck again.  Hopefully they'll figure it all out and get their act together.5 stars for the entertainment tonight. 0
Stars for the service. Party of 5 with a 3 year old and we've been waiting 2 hours for dinner and had to ask 3 times for the 3 year old's meal to come out. Had to track the staff down and ask for bread, drink refills. Should have read the reviews about the slow service. Kitchen staff needs some help.  Bummer because it started out as a rocking night with the band!
Ended up leaving after 2 1/2 hours with no dinner. With my almost 70 year old parents and 3 year old nephew who were in town visiting. Epic Fail Little Gem.Succulent ribs, great slaw, and some very proper shrimp to kick off the evening- what a treat! Glad this place is so close to our hotel (HIE). Live swing band was a great finish to our experience. Check it out!
Update: I had to knock this review back by one star after the "Stanton Moore Trio" show last night. First off, $10 for a mixed drink (well) in an 8oz cup is absurd. More importantly, Stanton didn't play until 2. We were initially told he'd be on by midnight (buying tickets), then 1 (entering venue). It turned out to be a very expensive waste of time.The service is rude or non existent and the food is barely passable. Thats fine because we were mainly here for the music, but i was shocked how badly organised that was. Very disappointed .The service was horrible!  It took a long time for the waitress to bring our food. When we tried to pay she charged us for food we didn't order. When my husband asked her about it she told him she "didn't have time for his shit". He told the manager and she denied it. The managers solution was to give him a beer.  Instead of fixing the mistake she made and reprimand her for talking to customers that way. They charged us $60 for a burger, an ice tea, and red beans and rice. We didn't even order alcohol. That explains why they were the only restaurant that wasn't packed on Saints game day in downtown New Orleans.10:00 on Sunday Morning - game day!  Party of 4 looking for breakfast. 
If you have been to a Saint's game, you know there is a lot of foot traffic 10 blocks in every direction.  We arrived early with the thought that we would find a place to eat before the game and then hang out at Champion's Square.  We weren't planning on visiting the Little Gem, but we were walking by, they were open, there were lots of open seats.....
As it turned out, the downstairs was mostly full, so we were directed upstairs and, from there, made our way out to the balcony.  Great location, neat view of Poydras, the weather was great.... Really, it was going to difficult for the food to keep up with the experience.  
Service was excellent, our waitress was friendly and paid attention to the table.  She got the drinks there quickly and made sure the glasses didn't go empty.  
The food....  The menu is limited, nothing light, no fruit, a couple of large breakfasts and full lunch entrees.  The vegetarian in the group couldn't find anything to eat.  Game day pricing.  Cheaper than eating in the Superdome, but not by a lot.  
We tried the sausage sandwich and the cheesecake.  I was quite surprised to find excellent sausage - I was expecting some mediocre pork sausage, but this was the best italian sausage I've had in New Orleans.  Very spicy.  It was served on average French bread, onions and green peppers and, strange to me, mustard.  Excellent sandwich.  I didn't try the cheesecake, but the reports were all positive.  
The food was too expensive and too limited to be a regular stop.  Balcony seat on a beautiful day - worth every cent.  I would do that again.  
$85 for 4 including drinks and tipsGood music.  One star for that.
Good ambiance. One star for that
Now I took 3 stars off.
Here's why, 
I came to eat while I enjoy the music and ambiance 
But couldn't really enjoy because these reasons I would probably not come back ever.
A/c was up too high, my food was cold when they brought it out and it took forever. 
Show started at 9 and I didn't start eating til about 10.
Service was very slow. 
Server was rude as hell. Getting mad and snappy while taking our order, not cool at all, she should work as a waitress if she doesn't like taking orders. 
She brought us the wrong drinks
all in all I won't be coming backGreat music, good food and service.  A must if you are looking for the true NOLA vibe.There was a blonde gentleman bartender with amazing hair on Wednesday night. Made my experience far beyond what I expected. Brought some friends in from out of town, and As a bartender in this city, it was a breath of fresh air to find someone who was not only on point with service but had the personality to make us feel welcome. He made our night incredible !   Truly a New Orleans Gem!!Friendly service, good music and great food. I highly recommend the Pulled Pork Napoleon!The show was great but much too short. the food was ok at best .... extremely small portions and way over priced. Did I say extremely small portions! the service was bad. We do not recommend.  Go see Kermit at the Blue Nile.My wife and I ate here, had drinks, and listened to Kermit Ruffins and the BBQ Swingers, who currently play here on Saturday nights. The Pecan Old Fashioned was delicious and a good variation on the original classic cocktail. The Fried Chicken was crispy, moist, and well portioned for the price. 
The only things I did not like about the place are that (a) it is somewhat unclear whether you need to purchase a ticket to a show or simply reserve a table (meaning we may have needlessly bought tickets); and (b) the tables could be set up a little better to ensure that everyone has a good view of the stage.I came here to see a band and grab a quick snack and drink. After ordering a round of four drinks and two small plates, our waiter made a really rude face at us, walked away. They quickly came back to tell us that "if people who were actually eating" came in that they would have to move us to the bar in a really rude way. Most of the tables were full, but it was a Tuesday night and with no wait. Also, many other people were holding tables with just drinks as well. The small plate of oysters was good and the truffle fries were also ok, but I just hated feeling like my order wasn't good enough to warrant good service from the staff. It just really rubbed me the wrong way and I we won't come back because of it. With so many good choices in the area, it isn't worth dealing with bad service.Loved it!  Classy but not pretentious.  Casual and welcoming.   Shrimp & Grits, Kermit Ruffins& The BBQ Swingers and one hell of a good time!  The true essance of New Orleans can be found at the Little Gem Saloon.  Awesome and attentive wait staff only adds to the awesome experience.  My wife and I had the most fabulous time ever!  If you're in  New Orleans this has to be on your "to do" list.Visited the Little Gem Saloon for the first time tonight. The theme is classy turn of the century - one which befits the historic location. Loved the long marble bar and the charming wall sconces. The stage was large enough for a 5 piece band, appreciated the studed music notes on the wall behind the band. Just came in for drinks, so can't comment on the food. The sazerac was very good, just a touch heavy handed on the bitters. My date had the Little Gem Champagne cocktail which she enjoyed very much. Fantastic renovation, good drinks, reasonable prices, what's not to like? We will definitely be back.Excellent food, wonderful live entertainment, but it really seemed like they were understaffed.  Food and drinks took a long time to come out once it got real busy.Our final evening in New Orleans we decided to go see Kermit Ruffins at The Little Gem Saloon. Very good decision.  Great show and fun atmosphere.  We had reservations for dinner . Got seated at the back of the room and were able to both face the room.  Best seats in the house.  Drinks were good and a nice crowd on a Saturday night.  We ordered a chef's special filet mignon and something off the menu.  Had to send back the menu entrée.  The chef actually came out and apologized as it was bad. He bought us a glass of wine and checked back with us toward the end of the evening. It was a wonderful time despite the entrée snafu.  The show was top drawer and just soooo New Orleans. There is standing room only at the bar which housed an enthusiastic crowd of fans.  Kermit has a big following. 
The historic space, now transformed into a taste of an Old New Orleans jazz club, is well worth the show cover.What a historic, hospitable place this is. In the block where jazz was created. 
Had drinks and supper there last night and was the highlight of our Mardis Gras experience. 
The gentleman playing the piano and singing is in his eighties and knew every request he asked of him. He had played all over the country and was amazing. The way he moved his fingers across the keyboard I couldn't do when I was 10.
The hospitality and service was fantastic. The owner gave us the history of the place and its location. Waiter kept coming back to our table to make sure all was good. 
Now for the food. All I can critique is the fried chicken but there were many lip smackings going on around the table. The flavor of the chicken was different than anything I have had before. They must marinate it in some secret spices. Delicious. Crispy on the outside and tender and juicy on the inside. Came with red beans and rice and cornbread. My wife said she would come back for just the cornbread if that is all they served. Left with full stomachs. 
All in all a great place to eat/drink. And don't forget the music. 
Will be back.Perhaps it was an off night for Kermit, but wasn't overly impressed with his show...and pricey for a 45 minute show. I didn't eat here but did find a reasonably priced bottle of wine to enjoy during the show.Jazz show   
Food  
Service 
Reason why they get an overall 3star review. 
Our waiter seemed a bit agitated and not very  welcoming, we had the crawfish mac and cheese and decided to stop there and not order anything else, big disappointment! It wasn't fresh.. we enjoyed the jazz show from 7-8 and left to have dinner in the FQ areaWe arrived too early for the music - primarily because we were walking around to find a place to eat and stumbled in at about 5:30 last week.
My wife (never the adventurous one, ordered a burger - well done. When the waiter looked at me, I said, "She wants it like a hockey puck."  I had the pan-seared chicken.
Well, the burger was, at best cooked medium (pink throughout), and she nibbled around the edges. Though I suggested we send it back, she declined, and was satisfied with the meal. She says the fries were good.
But, the pan-seared chicken! Fantastic! Just fantastic. The flavors that came out of that bird were astonishing. I wish I could reproduce it! The "root vegetables" that accompany it were also tasty, though I would have liked a side of rice, or some starch as well.
I'd give this 4 stars, or more, but the burger was a disappointment.  Would I go back? Sure! my wife? Not so much.Went here on a Saturday night for my girlfriends birthday with a party of 10. Ambiance and entertainment were 10/10,  food, 8/10 but the service destroyed any positives. 
Food and drinks arrived that we didn't order, then they insisted we did (we were all sober, it was not drunken confusion) the waitstaff never came to one end of the table, they expected us to yell our order and pass food and drinks down to the far end. They took entree orders from half the table and forgot about the other half. When they brought bread they only brought plates for half the table. 
Throughout the meal, the appetizers, drinks and empty plates were never bussed away so the table filled up everywhere. Granted, we were near the stage, but they have this entertainment every Saturday night and they should be experienced in how to handle these issues given their prices and atmosphere. When food and drinks arrived the servers and bussers didn't remember who ordered what. Food was good, but fried shrimp of my seafood platter were dead cold. 
I complimented the manager on the quality of the entertainment and the food (not counting the shrimp).  Then I told him there were many lapses in service and I pointed out all the empty plates and glasses. Half the empty dishes were cleared by the wait staff and I got some fresh shrimp (delicious). The manager agreed that it was "sloppy service" multiple times.  Pretty much immediately after we complained they brought us our bill even though we were still eating our entrees (we weren't being rowdy or rude, and they took forever to bring us our entrees or we would have already been gone). And of course it took 20-25 minutes for us to get our bill back, and we couldn't any sort of drink at the bar during that time. 
What we experienced was an entire lapse in service, The only person that didn't fail us was the hostess. don't know if they didn't pay more attention to our table because gratuity was included, they added fucking 20%!My hotel suggested this location for great food & live music - it was perfect!  The name is deceiving as it does not look like a saloon at all - the interior is very upscale - a soft light green with white accents including white tablecloths and a beautiful stage in the center of it all.  We started with martini's that were great and then switched to wine - the wine list had great affordable options that were not the typical Sonoma Cuter or Cakebread. We ended up ordering multiple appetizers and split them - there were 2 of us and after 3 choices, we were full.  The special of the day - a caprese salad was the best I have ever experienced in my life!  We had a scallop app that was fantastic - the scallops were large but cooked to perfection throughout.  We stayed at our table to listen to the live music - believe it was Camile Baudoin.  She has a beautiful voice and the band was fun.  The service at this place was perfection - they were all smiles & friendly - we stayed for hours and had fresh everything when we wanted it and were left alone when it was appropriate to just sit back & enjoy the band - we were never felt rushed to give up our table for others even after all the tables were full.  
We did have to pay a door charge when we got there to get in and their calendar looks full so just plan on going with an expectation you will be paying a bit at the door to get in because they will have live music.  Then sit back and enjoy it. 
My favorite restaurant in New Orleans nowI had heard some good things about this establishment and finally got a chance to try it out.  When I arrived there was a good band playing and a few older folks sitting at tables enjoying the music.  The building has been nicely redone and the small patio outside is a nifty nook to hang out and the upstairs is a nice place to take a break from the louder music downstairs.  I ordered the bouillabaisse and an Abita Amber for dinner.  The bouillabaisse was decent and came with four large shrimp, several mussels and some slices of fish.  I've definitely had better bouillabaisse in my time and certainly less expensive as the bill with my beer came to $31 before tip.  The other strange thing I noticed is all of their beers from Budweiser on up and including Abitas were $5.  This establishment really feels like more of bar but the food and prices are more in line with a fine dining restaurant.  For the price I really could've enjoyed better food at a better restaurant.  The price of the beer here will really prevent me from hanging out here to enjoy the music.  This place seems like it will end up catering more to the tourist crowd than the local crowd so I hope they have success with that but I wouldn't mind if they offered some locals specials with more realistic beer prices.The best Brunch in town!  Night time has great events also upstairs!!!  The owners are very friendly and will accommodate all of your needs!!!  They are also available for private parties!  This will be my Sunday Ritual!!!!Not a gem. 
This place is below average at best. Service is poor. Food is okay. Get the extra rice if you get Red Beans and Rice. Actually just don't come. This place sucks.$50 per person for food and to watch the Super Bowl, they have refreshed the food once in three hours and oversold seats for standing room only. Rice, greens, chips and no meat. The bread pudding on the second floor has been dried scraps and crusted corners baking on Sterno for hours and they still don't replace it! What a joke. Avoid his place like the plague!Got in to New Orleans at 9am and thought there would be no place to go this early.  I was wrong. The band, Swinging Gypsies, was awesome. So was the staff. Thanks for your company, Jennifer (my bartender)!  Food was good and I enjoyed making the build your own Bloody Mary!  I'll be back!Travel threw me off by a day so I came expecting to see Kermit Ruffins, which was happening the following night. Oops.  Instead, we caught the Zack Krewstub Trio followed by the Nayo Jones Experience. Both acts were really, really wonderful. Our server was an absolute sweetheart, I wish I could recall his name. Food was very good, I had the BBQ shrimp with jalapeno cornbread and a side of mac and cheese, the husband had the pork with brussel sprouts and sweet potato. We returned the following night to catch Kermit Ruffins. The crawfish cheesecake, which was recommended by another patron, was perfect, husband had the same meal as the previous night. The bartender remembered what we were drinking the night before and asked, cheerfully, "another round?".  My only regret: the Ruffins set was a bit subdued, we'd seen him at home about a year ago and the set was a completely different experience. Granted, this is a smallish space and there's no dance floor, and I suppose it's not the place for a raucous night. Which I am grateful for, don't get me wrong...  In any case, it seems that whoever owns this place really cares about it, it's evident in the music, the food and the staff. I look forward to returning when I'm next in town.Do not eat here. Abysmal service. Legendarily laughable. Period. 
Music was fabulous, and the venue lovely.
Food was mixed. Half our party thought food was fine. My entire meal was off.
My caesar salad had half an iodized salt shakers worth of salt and a teaspoon of dressing. How is this possible?
I told the waiter it was bad and no response, except leave it at the table a very long time. Next course had a gratin that came out raw and cold. The pork chop was also too tough to cut with the knife and when I asked for a steak knife they just gave me another table knife. 
The manager did respond appropriately to my complaint about the gratin, offered a replacement, removed from the bill. Thank you. Waiter asked twice if I wanted a box to take my raw gratin home???
However the bad service just continued. When one if us asked the waiter for another drink. He said he had to look it up. We ordered the drinks off their menu. 10 minutes would go by, then he would ask if we wanted ice in our drink???
One of our party asked to order dessert, the options kept changing. Then when she ordered, no one else was asked if they wanted dessert. Or coffee, or another drink, or the bill for that matter. 
So seriously, unless you like diner rage inducement, stay away. 
Or come for the music, only sit at the bar and order drinks.Fantastic place. A stylish restoration of a jazz historic landmark. The food is exceptional - we had baked oysters gratine, duck rilette, grilled shrimp w mustard sauce... and a gumbo absolutely loaded with seafood. There's much more on the menu, and they have great specialty drinks. Try the Ramos gin fizz. I think the best in New Orleans. And then there is jazz, both downstairs during happy hour, and in a jazz club upstairs in the evening. Don't miss this scene!!! The venue is first class!"This is the best place in downtown to pass by, eat local and Southern Food while you listen live music. The best artists play here; great atmosphere in an historic place where the Jazz was bornIt was 2 o'clock and I hadn't eaten lunch yet. I checked Facebook and a friend had re-posted Little Gem's lunch special - catfish almondine and greens for $10. I headed over and I am so happy I did. It was spectacular! Quite a treat for a random Tuesday. 
I also tried the chocolate mousse which was delicious. The service was top notch - talked me into trying the mousse and I don't regret it, even though I am now busting out of my pants. 
This place truly is a gem. I can't wait to go back.Terrible service. Sat at the bar and the guy with the long ponytail ignored us for 10 minutes before tending our order. Place was pretty empty. 
We ordered some appetizers and after 30 minutes I asked the bartender what the stays on our food was. No lie his words were "That's not my problem and there isn't anything I can do about it"
Finally our food came out and he just set it on the back bar for 10 minutes while he did other stuff. He knew we were waiting for it. When we got our food it was cold. The taste was mediocre at best. 
Go to walk ons next door. You'll spend less and get moreVery nice place, in a historic location.  The theme is old school food and cocktail recipes along with music in a somewhat retro environment.  Street level houses the main restaurant along with a long bar at the far end and a general focus on a raised stage that is housed on the Rampart Sreet wall.  Music will be a big deal here - the upstairs with darker, cool decor has a lot of weekend shows as well as apparently hositing some private parties.
The difference between Little Gem and most music venues is that there's a lot of seating and you can get a good meal downstairs on the main level.  The kitchen has been through some ups and downs during its initial months of operation but on my most recent visit during Jazz Fest it appears the kitchen has finally hit its stride.  Everything was pretty good and while not cheap I am confident the food can now stand on its own - some of the bad items have been removed from the menu and virtually everything appears to be done well.  Shrimp & grits were very good although the entire portion would be a bit overwhelming with the rich cream sauce, while the oxtail stew still tends to be served under-seasoned but once adding salt it is still very good - especially when dipping your bread.  A steak on the most recent visit came out cooked perfectly while side items such as asparagus were good and the mashed potatoes were truly excellent.  Quail is done well, fried oysters were excellent, and the duck confit was overcooked and unfortunately nothing special but still an okay option on the menu.  Certainly the food at Little Gem is never going to be cutting edge and they've gone more of a steakhouse route toward a la carte where you need to order side items separately.  It works okay for me, but it remains to be seen if people will want to pay these prices after the Jazz Fest crowd leaves town.
The current wine list is on the small side but there are a sufficient number of options by the glass and the stemware is decent.  The cocktail list is pretty good and service was better on my recent visit than on previous excursions to Little Gem.  This is a perfect venue for folks like Kermit Ruffins and Meschiya Lake, and we really enjoyed Beausoleil during Jazz Fest in a small environment where everyone has a great view from their table in the restaurant.  As long as they continue to book great shows, Little Gem will be a great option for true New Orleans music and the food now appears to finally be matching the environment.  It's certainly a little pricey, but a lot better than its competitor Palm Court and more of a true restaurant experience with better sight lines than Three Muses so this will continue to be a nice option for music & food.Very nice cozy place. Was here for a comedy show called "Hell Yes Fest" . Great ambiance with nice big open spaces upstairs for private events. Downstairs is where the weekly music acts perform. Has an old timey speakeasy feel. The "ramp room" upstairs named for its proximity to Rampart St , where some of jazz's most influential acts started their careers, has great size bar and ample seating for a range of differing acts. Also has a beautiful balcony overlooking Poydras St. great spot for a nighttime cocktail ! Would highly recommend it.Went for lunch as they are now open from 10-2 during the week. We were seated at 1135 and ordered at 1140. We both ordered sandwiches (fried green tomato and a ham and cheese). I was looking forward to my ham and cheese as they were smoking it outside and it smelled fantastic. The food arrived at 1215. We were one of two tables and 2 of 4 people in the entire place. They had more staff than patrons and it took 30+ minutes to get our sandwiches. No explanation given. The food was okay at best. Tomatoes appeared to be fried in a seafood batter and the ham sandwich had very little ham and dressing. I tasted mostly bread. The side of collard greens and the overall atmosphere keep me from selecting 1 star. This is place is better for drinks and live music (although the drinks are a little pricey, even for the area). I recommend avoiding it at lunch.Definitely not what we were expecting! Excellent live music. The venue felt like a hip wine bar, but served southern food and had live jazz music. We were expecting something a little more casual. Most of the people walking in looked similarly confused. That said I enjoyed the little plates to share. Ribs and mac n' cheese were tasty. Interesting fried chicken and bread pudding. It was more like fried chicken and a big block of stuffing. The shrimp and grits was just spicy enough with large shrimp. The service was non-existent. We tried to order drinks, but never saw our waiter after we ordered until we paid. We also wanted to order more food and dessert, but gave up. In the end, my husband went to find the waiter just to pay and then we went to another restaurant for dessert and drinks. The music was fantastic though!What a great low key, authentic restaurant! Our waiter, Geo was great. Actually, he wasn't supposed to be our waiter, but another waiter was cut for the evening. Geo noticed we haven't been served, so he ended up serving us. Because we waited so long he gave me a beer on the house for the inconvenience. Later on after we ate, I asked Geo how they got their grits so creamy. To my suprise he asked the head chef to speak with me. Chef Michael Shelton came out and entertained at least a 15 min conversation with me about culinary topics! What a humble gesture! The place is unpretentious, however still classy.Went here because buddy bolden used to play here. Food was great, Cesar salad actually had anchovies in the dressing, crab cakes were tasty, way overpriced for my tastes though, otherwise I would've given it four stars.Brought s party of 12 here , which was prearranged by the NOPSI hotel.  When we arrived it took them 30 minutes to deliver our first round of drinks . I finally got up to retrieve the final drink ( which they simply forgot)so I could make a toast and when I approached the bar a bartender named Rob scowled at me and said "what's your problem it hadn't been that Long "
The  waiter Giovanni did his best all night long to give us incredible service and quite frankly he is the only Gem at the little Gem.  The food was ultimately mediocre and they struggled to get it out in a timely manner.  My travel coordinator called the next day to complain and the owner was unpleasant and stated that she was not present and couldn't speak for me ( also mentioned we tipped big so we must have been happy ...the tip was for Giovanni who did his best to save them from themselves). My advice to the little Gem is to fire Rob the bartender and hire a great manager who understands good food and service. Avoid this place ... easy to do much better in NOLA!I always try to see Kermit Ruffins when in NOLA & his brunch show at Little Gem fit with our schedule.  First, the entertainment- 5 Stars. He played for almost 3 hours.  A great show & a trip highlight! The setting was intimate, venue is beautiful & acoustics were great! The interaction with the smaller venue is unmatched! The restoration of Little Gem is worth seeing. We had the brunch buffet at $40 but it was well worth it. (The total entertainment & brunch were $60 so expectations were high) The servers were hospitable & southern fare brunch bar was good & plentiful- chicken, catfish, crawfish etouffee, grits, shrimp. The service not quite as polished as other places but gracious. Will see a show & eat at Little Gem next time in town.