Not an Authentic   Thai foods place . Their some buds are short . Their shrimp glass noodle salad were sour , I don't taste any Thai herbs . Thai foods usually used all kind of herbs and spice to give it a good kick after each bite . Their curry soup was okay. It's not worth $15 parking to eat here .You MUST try this place. The unicorn noodles are amazing. The ingredients are fresh. The presentation is done well and despite being in a larger environment the seating feels cozy. Also don't skip out on the Butterfly pea tea, a delicious vanilla roobios like concoction that changes colors when you add a touch of lime juice. Go now! You won't regret it and make sure to have a mango sticky rice for desert:) PS: the dumplings rock too!Wow, excellent Thai food finally available in New Orleans! The green curry is spot on and there are various versions of chilies (in fish sauce, dried and in oil) that can be added. Quick, friendly service and, judging by the look of other plates they were serving, many other delicious menu items to try!Hands down the best Thai spot in New Orleans!
Other Thai restaurants in New Orleans in my experience have been lacking, so we were so excited when Long Chim opened.
From the Green Curry to the Khao Soi, the flavors are so well developed and delicious. It was hard not to lick the bowl!
We'll definitely be back!Stumbled upon this place serendipitously late night. Ordered the Khao Soi and it is perhaps the best food item I've eaten in NOLA. Great flavor profile to go with perfect texture. I'll be back to order this dish.Absolutely amazing. Everything on the menu is awesome. I love love love butterfly pea tea!!!!! The tofu spring rolls and especially their sauce was beyond delicious! The taro jackfruit dumplings were so tasty too and their color is sooo purple in real life. Yes I order food based largely off appearance but this is one time the taste definitely surpassed the appearance even tho they were cute little dumplingsMushroom noodle soup. It was DELICIOUS! They offer it as a vegan option but I chose to have it with egg noodles. It consisted of tofu, mushrooms, pickled greens and scallions. Of course I had to finish off with mango sticky rice and the butterfly pea tea that changed colors from blue to purple once a shot of lemon juice was mixed and stirred. The mango was extremely sour but it's ok because the sweetness of the coconut sauce and rice made it slightly less sour. I hope they're here to stay!Long Chim NOLA is a very special find. NOLA is a city full of exciting restaurants and flavors and this little gem in the Auction House Market is one of them. We fully enjoyed the green curry and pork/chicken dumplings. The menu is not long and deep but what it does serve is spot on and amazingly fresh and delicious! Go enjoy the music, the friendly vibes and most of all the yummy flavors of Long Chim!Came in to try it out today. I had the Khao Moo Dank. My food came out quick and was awesome. I highly recommend checking this place out.Came in after a meeting at the convention center.  Finding vegan in NOLA is not easy.
I tried jackfruit dumplings!  Superb!  Also a coconut based soup with mushrooms and tofu.  The cook was gracious enough to change the noodles for rice!  I loved it!  The spicyness was perfect!  Good service, smiles and good food!Who would think that the city of New Orleans is a hub for Thai cuisine? Locals. Tourist need to head to this stall inside auction House market. It's exceptionally good and worth a visit. It's tightDelicious Thai food in the ever so aesthetically pleasing auction house market. 
The menu is small and simple. The owners are super friendly and sweet. Oh and the menu board is done by hugogyrl!! 
I ordered the iced tea with lemongrass and the khao soi with chicken. The tea was refreshing AND it changes color which was really cool! 
The khao soi was rich, coconut-y, a little spicy, and delicious. Very filling, so definitely try to split with someone else!This spot has a limited menu and is part of a kind of gourmet food court. If there is red curry, I always go for that. They have a limited menu, so the only option for curry was green. It was delicious! Highly recommended.Listen, this is probably the best Thai food in the area! The flavors are perfect and the owners really care about customer service. Make sure to get the Thai ice tea and add a shot of mezcal. The pork and shrimp dumplings are delicious. Try the Khao Soi chicken noodle soup. It's  amazing the combination of flavors in that soup. I will definitely come back to this spot again.Listen, i was an idiot and didnt write the names of the foods down, but i was super smart for making the choice to eat there! Curry chicken noodle soup was so good i was tempted to lick the bowl! 
The salad was pork and shrimp with rice noodles. Also fresh and yummy. This is a MUST stop in NOLA!YES. I love Long Chim. 
My friends and I ordered the Khao Soi Chicken. You can choose spice levels 1-5. I had to order it with a level 4 - perfect level of spice for me. The soup was so flavorful. I loved the spice blend and the sweetness from the coconut milk. The chicken was incredibly tender but the onions were really strong. Overall, it was amazing. 
We were disappointed that they ran out of Mango and Sticky Rice so we got the Thai Tea Sundae instead. It was a blend of Thai Tea ice cream, jackfruit, sticky rice, and red bean. This is the best Thai dessert I've ever had - the next best thing to Mango and Sticky Rice. This is why I gave this place 5 stars. 
This was one of the most satisfying meals I've ever had. Highly recommend!Located in Auction House Market are some secret hidden gems. Long Chim NOLA is indeed a gem. It is hidden. And no longer shall it be a secret anymore. 
Here is your guideline to enjoying LCN:
1. Go to Auction House Market
2. Order food from Long Chim
3. Get a drink from the bar
4. Order Thai Tea from Long Chim
5. Say what's up to owners May and Kirk
6. Receive your food and enjoy!
Simple right?
Food: 
Khao Soi Noodles are so freaking good. SO. FREAKING. GOOD. If I could swim in that bowl of noodles, I would. The broth is rich, flavorful, savory, and soothing. The kind of soup that goes to your soul. 
Be sure to try their dumplings too! I have yet to try, but damn the pictures of them look good! 
The only downside? This place is in Nawlins' and I live in California. If I was nearby, I'd probably go every week. 
Stop reading reviews, and just go try it for yourself.Wonderful flavors, lovely space, great people! I highly recommend this place, and the chicken soup was sooo good! The space has 9 vendors and it's close to beautiful art galleries, I am looking forward to coming back and try the sweet rice :)I love Thai food so this was my first stop in Auction House! Nothing else appealed to me as much as Long Chim!
I got the Khao Soi as my main dish and it was delicious. I love the crunchy noodles on top to give it a different texture.
The Thai Tea Sundae though took the cake! The flavor of the ice cream was perfect and it had a variety of flavorful toppings!
My only complaint is that the prices were a little high for the quantity of food! I think this was due to them being in Auction House because other vendors seem to be just as pricy!I really like this place because I loooove (aka am obsessed with) dumplings. We started with the jackfruit dumplings which were slightly sweet and savory. They were to die for. Our second order of dumplings was the pork and shrimp. I wish I would have eaten those before the jackfruit because they were good, but I think the wow factor of the jackfruit dumplings kind of took away from the second. Lastly I ordered the tofu and mushroom unicorn noodle. This was a cold noodle dish with peanuts, mushrooms, tofu and a good amount of spice. I got it regular with no additional spice and still found it spicy. Keep this in mind when ordering. My boyfriend (who likes his food a little in the spicy side) ordered his noodles medium spicy and was happy with them. I'm not vegan but I love mushrooms and tofu, and found this dish really filled me up. A bonus to it was that since the meal was already cold, they saved well in the fridge as leftovers. If you're at Auction House Market, no matter what else you're ordering, get the jackfruit dumplings!! They make a great appetizer to share at the table.Delicious! I would highly recommend coming here. The Tom yum soup and khao soi. The dumplings were good but not the star of the show. I am looking forward to coming back and trying the unicorn noodle :)Loved the food.  Everything was tasty , hot and bountiful.  I can't begin to remember the name of the things we ordered but I'm betting everything on the menu (it changes weekly) is delicious.  Our three appetizers were fantastic and we had left overs too!!!I've been to Thailand and this is the most authentic Thai food I've had in New Orleans. Close your eyes and you wouldn't know you weren't eating in Chang Mai.  I had the Tom Ka soup with shrimp and glass noodles...unbelievable! And the cucumber snack was delicious, crispy cucumbers with perfect flavor. Right now they are only doing to go (and maybe delivery?  I'm not sure.). Can't wait until they are able to have a bigger menu and dining in. Will definitely be going back!This small establishment is one of several eateries in the Auction House Market. After seeing photos of probably their most popular dish -- Khao Soi noodle soup -- I HAD to go out and try it for myself. I ordered a bowl and chose the chicken drumstick as my protein option (other options include shrimp for an additional $3 or tofu/mushroom). The worker brought out my order promptly. The broth was really flavorful and unique for my taste, although I did wish it was spicier. The chicken was AMAZING. I was worried about making a mess of myself by having to gnaw on a drumstick but the meat was SO TENDER, it just glided off of the bone. Not to mention that the drumstick was huge. I loved the pickled cabbage as well, as it provided a nice crunchy texture to the rest of the soup. The noodles were nice and chewy as well, but I will say that there were way too many noodles compared to the amount of veggies/garnishes. A better balance would've been nice. For the price ($14 including tax), I thought the portion size was decent. Overall, a good choice if you're at the Auction House Market and want something a little different! 
TIP: For those of you who are new to the Auction House Market (as I was), there is a small corner of the room where you can help yourself to a glass of water. It's a little side table between the cute deli near the Magazine entrance and the seafood joint. 
Another tip: They have plastic containers if you can't finish your food and want to pack up your leftovers!YES, YES, YES!  
I was confused at first when my husband and I walked here from our hotel, because it's not a store front.  It's actually a food stall inside a large space, food court style.  
Small menu was a great sign because that means quality is high and are made well.  There were vegan and non-vegan options that did not disappoint.  All of the food was flavorful and spicy - I was immediately transported back to my vacation in Thailand many moons ago. 
I would definitely recommend them place.Mango sticky rice nirvana. There is nothing industrial about this place. Everything's fresh and obviously made by people who love good food and making people happy. Wish they open more days for takeout.mind blowing flavors! everything they put out is incredibly complex & insanely delicious. i will never tire of eating their khao soi, and it's definitely in the top 5 meals of my whole life. beautiful presentation and the friendliest owners are added bonuses. please eat there a lot. i don't want them to ever leave new orleans.So. delicious. Everything I've ever had from here has left me deeply satisfied and wonderfully surprised. true authentic flavors made with love.  the khao soi always lifts my spirits no matter what. its delicious. I'm not a vegan, but both their chicken and vegan version w/ mushrooms is truly divine. the curry is spectacular, the mango sticky rice is some of the best. yum!!! seriously, delicious food.We ordered the green curry chicken and chicken khao soi and both dishes were good and flavorful. The chicken in both dishes were so tender! I highly recommend trying those entrees and I will definitely try other items on the menu next time!This eatery is location inside of a food hall market located by warehouse district. Me and my sister couldn't decide on a place to eat so we ended up here. There dishes are reasonably priced and fairly decent size . The curry chicken dish we ordered was definitely full of flavor and very hearty. Only thing was it lacked presentation, it would have been nicer with small pieces of chicken and if the rind was removed from the squash used in. Other than that it was delicious.If you ever want some amazing Khao Soi, Long Chim is the place to go! The atmosphere is warm and vibrant, with its colorful floral tabletops. There are only a couple tables in this small restaurant on magazine, which only adds to the intimate and fun experience you'll have here!
In positive psychology, a class I took in college, we learned that the more choices you have, the less happy you are. This concise menu is short and sweet, and definitely will make you happy! The Khao Soi has three options, mushroom, chicken and shrimp. Traditionally Khao Soi is eaten with chicken, which is the dish I tried, and man was it amazing! The broth was perfectly sweet and savory, and the chicken was cooked to the point of tenderness at which I could just peel pieces off with my chopsticks with little effort. My friends tried the unicorn noodle and the La Ahm Moo, some lighter dishes, and gave thumbs up for them as well. Also, their Thai tea is on point! Some places make it super sweet and thick, but long chim has it at a subtle sweetness and smooth texture. 
I am definitely going back to try the mushroom and shrimp Khao Soi soon. Highly recommend this cute spot on Magazine for a filling and joy giving meal!The food is really amazing. Everything I have ordered has great flavor not like your normal Thai places where people usually just get Pad Thai. This place only has a hand full of items but everything is packed with authentic Thai flavor. I recommend their dumplings and their chicken noodle soup for sure!As a NOLA resident, I'm proud of our city's culinary depth and breadth, with the exception of one thing: a serious lack of Thai restaurants.
Enter in Long Chim NOLA! Incredible food options--I highly recommend the Khao Soi--and dessert! They were not serving the mango sticky rice since it is out of season, and I'm glad, because I got to try the Thai ice tea "sundae" instead. Tons of delicious and complex flavors.
I learned from the co-owner that this started as a pop-up and was invited to join the line-up Auction House Market. I'm not surprised to hear of their success in such a short period of time. Look forward to retuning!Generally, I default to poke if there's a poke option with a 6 mile radius. But for once, on a late lunch break, I boldly broke my poke pattern and went with the Thai option at Auction House.
You guys. The unicorn noodles are light, delicious, and perfect for this time of year. I had them with tofu and mushroom--highly recommend.
I'm already planning my next trip to Long Chim and calculating exactly how soon is too soon to go back and order the exact same thing.I can say hands down this is the best Thai food I've had in Louisiana. I've gone three times in a row and they haven't even been open that long. 
The Khao Soi was the first thing I had and it was the most perfectly flavored dish. The noodles also tasted handmade. It's definitely my favorite. 
I've also had the green curry. Perfectly spicy and flavorful. 
This is also a great addition to auction house. I was getting a bit tired of some of the overpriced, sub par stalls here...but this stall is a gem. 
I'm convinced you can't go wrong with any dish here and can't wait to try all the menu.They do cool stuff. Real cool. The dumplings, cool. The  unicorn noodles, real cool. The people, cool. Their color changing butterfly pea flower tea, pretty cool.I've been here twice now, and it's been great both times. I had the Khao Soi chicken noodle soup the first time. The broth was amazing and chicken was perfectly cooked. The second time I went, I got the Green Curry. Also a really great dish. I'm looking forward to trying out the other dishes soon.It took me way too long to discover Long Chim. I am thrilled to have found such a delicious and unique new Thai spot. The pork and shrimp dumplings were full of incredible flavor, and the Khao Soi with duck was warm and inviting. This is going to be my new go-to takeout spot for Thai!This place is so incredibly delicious and unique, a complete must if you're in Auction House Market! According to the menu, Long Chim means Have a Taste! They're serving up Thai Street Comfort Food. 
First, I had the Butterfly Pea Tea. It's served bright blue with a side of lemon juice. As you add the lemon juice it turns purple! Like magic! Super tasty. Very botanical, similar to a hibiscus tea. 
Pro tip: I went over to the Mayhaw Bar and added a shot of the Botanist Gin to the tea... do it. 
I enjoyed the Khao Soi Chicken Noodle Soup from the "Let's Get Serious" portion of the menu. A slightly sweet curry with so many layers of flavors. Served with a chicken drumstick, egg noodles, crispy noodles and pickled mustard greens (yum!)!!! I added some of the chili paste found at the counter, and whew, a scoop will surely satisfy any fire eaters craving for hot! I loved it!
I knew dessert was in my future when I saw the Mango Sticky Rice. What is it about sticky rice that I cannot resist?!? The rice is blue too! 
Many vegan options, which is so refreshing in nola. 
I highly recommend it. And the geniuses behind the counter, May and Kirk are so kind and polite. 
I cannot wait to come back for the dumplings.very unique food you will not find any place else 
great service !Oh boy, this great little northern thai inspired pop up eatery is so great! The pop up is right on magazine so you can park off street and walk all those good calories off and see the sights. The decor in this place is so cute, they have all these colorful trinkets that catch your eye. There's only a couple booths and space is tight but this gem is definitely worth checking out. We were greeted with a warm smile and ordered right away! 
The food came out amazing, noods for days the service was great and the staff is very knowledgeable about what the serve and can answer any question that one may have! 
We picked the amazing khow soi noodles and it was so pretty that I didn't want to eat! The noodles were nice and chewy, the broth creamy and sweet and the chicken just fell off the bone! It's such a great pick and I'm def. coming back for more.Yum Woon Sen is amazing! It's the best Thai cuisine I ever had in U.S. Even my son likes Thai iced tea. He drank ir for three days. The owner of the restaurant is so nice.The food is super good, especially the mango sticky rice!!!  We order that every time.
The price is reasonable considering the food and location
And I love that we can order online instead of phone calls so I don't panic when I called lol, and it's waaayyy easier to order online cuz they let you know what all other choices you can have. 
We just wish it would open longer hours! Always crave for them when they are not open :/Great food, small menu. I arrived late in the evening a couple hours before close on a Sunday and was pretty empty. It is an indoor food court with a bar in the middle called Auction House Market. 
Dumplings were probably the most tasteful I've ever had. The mushroom and tofu noodle bowl was great. It was warm in the belly and super flavorful. Mix of coconut and ginger, onions and a bit of spice. Would be great on a cold winter dayYUM! This place was at Auction house for a good bit until they decided to have their own storefront! Yay!
Located on Magazine near Napoleon, it is a small space serving up major flavors. Went with my friend who is not much of a meat eater, so it was a good option. We decided on drinks, Thai tea for me, Butterfly Pea Tea for her. Both were very different where Thai tea is creamy and the Butterfly Pea Tea is like a limeade. 
We had to try almost everything. We ordered the Mushroom La'ahb which is like lettuce wraps. Then had the Tom Yum Noodle Soup and the Mushroom Khao Soi which was my fave. The Khao Soi is a little bit sour and creamy whereas the Tom Yum is more like a broth. 
Had to end the night with a sweet so of course, the mango sticky rice had to be ordered! The owner May was the absolute sweetest!Inside the Auction House market lies the newest most precious gem, that is if you like spicy, Thai food or your umami taste buds flying of the books. The ambiance of the place you can check my review on Auction House Market(AHM), but since this place is like a fancy food market(the new thing popping other than poke, which they have one at the AHM) the Thai food is delicious. From flavors of coconut to spicy chili and Curry's like no other. The secret not on the menu dumplings are a plus chicken or pork cooked to perfection with steam and topped with carrots and few other ingredients as some chili on top and a bang of flavors start dancing in your mouth. I also had the soup which was delightful and when asked for it spicier the generous young gentleman put a little less spicy just in case I was one of the weak people that come and try their food and then have to get rid of it because it's to spicy. The young lady and the young gentleman both very polite and comic brought this place into my attention. Is a good place to come and have a drink from AHM bar and well if you have friends that don't eat Thai they have other places for them. But for Thai food this place is great and I recommend it.Loved the food.  Everything was tasty , hot and bountiful.  I can't begin to remember the name of the things we ordered but I'm betting everything on the menu (it changes weekly) is delicious.  Our three appetizers were fantastic and we had left overs too!!!This place is amazing! The owners are so friendly and helpful. They also have amazing Thai Tea! Will be back!Stopped by their new brick and mortar location on Magazine Street. The food is just as delicious as it was at their pop-up at Auction House, and the location is incredible, so I hope they keep their roots firmly planted here.
The Khao Soi (with a chicken drumstick) is my favorite dish and tastes just as flavorful as the versions I've had in Thailand.
This place is super tiny, so if there's no room available, you can also order to go. Though I hope you'll find a spot inside because the service is outstanding.Located in Auction House Market. 
Super good Thai food in NO. And different from the usual suspects. 
Pork and shrimp dumplings - comes with 4. Flavor was good. Nothing to write home about 
Chicken khao soi - chicken was fall off the bone tender. You can get it with egg noodles or request rice instead. Very flavorful. 
Green curry - has a bit of a kick to it. Comes with chicken, zucchini, squash of some kind. The flavors were very creamy. Thicker consistency than other green curries from other Thai restaurants I've been. 
Cauliflower larb with mushroom - Ah, probably my favorite dish. It's vegan as well. Served on top of lettuce boats with cucumber and carrots. 
Unicorn noodle - tasted like larb with glass noodles in it. Very acidic and tasty. Tomatoes and greens included. 
Pork and rice - had the word dank in the name. And that's how I would describe the sauce that they drizzled over the rice and pork. I liked this dish, but it was very simple. Probably more for people who are less adventurous. 
Coconut ice cream sundae - this was delicious. I don't know if they make their own ice cream, but it was def one of the best flavored coconut ice cream I've ever tasted. Had sweet sticky rice and red beans underneath it. 
Mango sticky rice - it was shaped like a heart. Very festive considering  Valentine's Day is just around the corner. Just a basic Thai dessert. 
Butterfly pea tea - it changes color from blue to purple once you add the lemon juice to it. I thought that was very cool. I enjoyed it. Very refreshing. 
I thoroughly enjoyed everything I ordered. Total was about $100 without tip. Not bad. Fed 4 people.Long Chim is a cozy little Thai cafe, currently offering weekend takeout from their Uptown location.
Looking over the menu, I saw a couple of familiar classics such as dumplings and Tom Yum soup, but other dishes, such as the Unicorn Noodles, intrigued me. I was curious and ready to dig in.
I started with some Butterfly Pea Tea, which is a bright purple tea made with butterfly pea flowers. Popular in Thailand, the flowers are edible and are believed to have antioxidant properties. It was crisp and refreshing and had a subtle flavor that I enjoyed.
For my appetizer, I had an order of the pork and shrimp dumplings that put Long Chim on the map. These four, handmade dumplings were tender and soft served in a nice wrap with pork and tasty shrimp. The dumplings also come packed with shitake, water chestnut, carrot and are topped with scallions and ginger garlic soy sauce. The dumplings are full of savory flavor and the scallions add a nice little crunch.
For my entrée, I just knew I had to try the Yum Woon Sen, also known as Unicorn Noodles with pork and shrimp. This dish has earned its unique name, because owner May Mananya soaks glass noodles in butterfly tea overnight, dying the noodles a purple color. The dish also contains shallots, Chinese celery, cherry tomatoes, chili, garlic and soy lime dressing. The noodles are gluten-free and vegan if you choose to get them with mushrooms in lieu of meat.
I ordered the noodles with medium spice, and this was the perfect level for me. The purple noodles are certainly eye-catching, but the taste is what stands out here. The pork and shrimp are juicy and tender and I like that the soy lime dressing adds an interesting salty kick.
Finally, for dessert, I was eager to try the mango sticky rice. This is the most popular dessert in Thailand. The rice in Long Chim's version is soaked in butterfly tea, and a coconut cream sauce, leaving the rice an intriguing bright blue, gooey and very soft and sweet. It was the perfect end to the meal.
This was originally part of an article written by me for Very Local New Orleans. Click here to read more: https://nola.verylocal.com/long-chim-brings-a-taste-of-thailands-street-food-to-the-crescent-city/162986/Good food. Tastes fresh. Could use quite a bit less of the dried mushrooms as they have a very strong taste and it was a bit overwhelming for me.I've had the Khao soi twice with duck & it's amazing!!! Beat pop up shop in Nola & amazing Thai food!!Best Thai around! May is so kind and runs a fantastic business with great food while also supporting other local businesses. Can't wait to eat here again 10/10This review is for a tiny restaurant on Magazine Street (not the stand in Auction House Market run by the same people, the reviews of which appear to have been merged here). They may very well continue moving on up in the world if they continue to produce quality food.
The current menu is a small one-pager, but they offer to make several of their dishes vegan with mushrooms and tofu (they asked if I wanted egg noodles or rice noodles, with obviously only the latter being the vegan option). I sampled a Butterfly Pea Tea, which is apparently made out of some sort of flower that gives it a blue or purple color depending on the pH of the surrounding liquid. It had a strong and slightly bitter vegetal taste, but was also well sweetened. Certainly more intriguing than your standard beverage.
The khao soi (curry noodles) I ordered were mistakenly delivered to the table next to me, meaning they sat for a minute (apparently my neighbor found reason to wait to start eating). I was asked whether I still wanted them, but they were untouched and I was fine with that. Why waste a fantastic-looking dish? The noodles were delicious. It was quite an impressive mix of flavors; there was some heat (and if anything I would have wished for more chili), but ample sweet notes, pickled greens, a lime to squeeze on top, it was all going on. The mix of mushrooms and tofu was quite impressive, and I was stuffed. It was certainly in the upper echelon of curry noodles I've had (or made).
The place is tiny and would struggle to fit twenty people, with someone dragging boxes of things to the little kitchen on the side periodically. Service was limited with counter ordering; I refilled my own water. Five stars for execution relative to these current constraints, but by all means I hope they keep growing. NOLA has plenty of Vietnamese, but the market other Asian cuisines is open.So good - I am impressed with how much flavor is packed in the dishes!  The Khao Soi with all the fixins is killer - I get it with the chicken drumstick.  The Pad Gra Pow and Chicken Satay are also very tasty.  Both teas are good - the Butterfly Pea Tea has a unique flavor which I appreciate.  Portions are good and prices aren't totally insane.  Customer service for phone ordering was very friendly, though when you knock on the door, they crack it, and you wait for your food on the street, it looks like you're doing a drug deal - haha.  I've been a couple of times now and the consistency is there, which is important.  I will definitely be back!Ordered togo from the Magazine street location. You have to pay over the phone beforehand and knock on the door when you arrive. 
Decided on the papaya salad (isan style), pad gra pow, chicken khao soi, and mango sticky rice for dessert. I ordered all of the entrees "Thai spicy" and I'm glad I asked for extra chili oil on the side to add on. 
Papaya salad ($13)  was refreshing. It could've used more of a kick being it wasn't as potent as I'm used to. 
Pad gra pow($13) was my favorite. A simple dinner but was super good! It had minced pork with rice and an egg. 
Chicken Khao Soi ($14) was good. You can choose between egg or rice noodles. I chose egg noodles. The broth was really rich and the chicken was fall off the bone tender. Just wish they gave you more than one drumstick with the soup, especially for the price!
Mango sticky rice ($8) is a pretty standard dessert at all Thai restaurants. Wasn't the best. The consistency was off.  Sticky rice was dry and not moist like it should've been. 
Overall, the food was decent but not the best Thai food I've ever had.I am a huge Thai food fan, it's pretty much what I consider my comfort food. I've been looking for a place in New Orleans, so I was very happy to stumble across this place. It's very convenient and casual, as it's located inside auction house market... so you can run in order and get it to go, or eat there, but regardless you can be casual. The employees at Long Chim are SO helpful and can really communicate well about their offerings. I ordered the Chicken Green Curry. The flavor was outstanding and omg the chicken, the best chicken I have ever had at any Thai place. Now the reason for four stars and not five, is truly just because the quantity wasn't as large as most Thai places, but the price was comparable to most Thai places.Accidentally visited the place while on vacation and tried below plate . It's so amazing that I had never tasted like before. I was looking any chains here in other state but it's only branch in New Orleans . I wish to visit again . 
Khao Soi Noodle | Slow simmered coconut based curry with egg noodle or rice noodle accompanied by fresh shallot, sour pickled mustard greens, lime wedge. chili oil, and topped with crunchy things! PICK YOUR TOPPING
Vegan baked tofu & mushrooms $14 Chicken Drumstick $14 Northern Thai Sausage $16 Shrimp $17A friend and I heard about this place a few weeks ago, and have been dying to try it, based solely off of the options on their rotating menu, and the pictures we have seen them share of their food. We finally got to try it today. I'll say it now: this place is incredible. 
We got a smorgasbord of options. They were unfortunately out of the pork and shrimp dumplings today, which was certainly a bummer. We got the chicken satay instead, which came with a savory red sauce and pickled cucumber. It was good. 
She got the khao soi with the chicken drumstick and loved it. It honestly looked amazing, from the color of the curry to the variety of textures in the accompaniments. 
I got the green curry. I have never been a huge curry fan, so I knew I was taking a risk. It paid off. That was the most delicious curry I've ever had. The Nham Pla Prik - a traditional Thai sauce - that came with the jasmine rice was phenomenal. 
We also got a papaya salad, but I honestly couldn't even deal with a single bite, because I was already stuffed. She did try it and said it was fantastic. 
I had the Thai milk tea, and it was also pretty tasty. 
Long story short, this place is absolutely one I am already excited to try again. I haven't been this excited about it a new restaurant in a long time, and am so glad Long Chim is here.