I can't believe it took me so long to try this place. It's truly a hidden gem. Service may not be the quickest but the food is so good that it doesn't even matter. I'd recommend ordering a Baleada (or 2 if you're hungry) and a Queso Fundido. Wash it down with a Malta and you're bound to have a great meal that only sets you back 12 bucks. Highly recommend this place!Gringos unwelcome....they make this abundantly clear. Our party had a decidedly different experience than.our Latino counterparts. To be fair, the food is decent, but the overall treatment on 3 occasions was consistently terrible.ZERO STARS!!!!
Ewwwwwww!!!  If I COULD give no stars I WOULD have.
This place is a filthy mess!!! We walked in and almost every single table was covered with dirty dishes, no customers were sitting at these tables. Disgusting!!! One of the waitresses was busy running around chasing her child while her boyfriend or husband called to the child to come sit down..... he sat at one of the only clean tables taking up space (he wasn't eating.) We stood there for what seemed like forever before anyone ever acknowledged us. The lady finally told us we can sit anywhere we want (in other words....one of the two clean tables.)
We sat to look over the menu (my lunch companion wasn't ready to throw in the towel quite yet....even though I was) The menu looked somewhat appealing, but based on the front of the restaurant I didn't trust that the back was clean at all. My companion didn't see anything she wanted either. Between the filth, lack of service and hard to understand menu, we decided to walk out and find another place to dine. 
I will NOT be returning to this establishment.Really good Honduran food! Friendly staff. I highly recommend. Will definitely be back.This place is so good! So inexpensive for the quality and quantity of food too. I usually order a baleada con chorizo, plátanos maduros, and an horchata. I usually have leftovers! Clean, quick service. They'll do table service if you're eating in.  Their queso fundido is the best in the city, hands down! I go here once a week if I can! Get some good Latin food in you!!Huge portions and good prices. We had a few baleadas and a plantain appetizer. Everything was delicious. It did help that we spoke a bit of Spanish as the menu was a mix of English and Spanish.This place is awesome!   Had the chorizo fundido, chorizo baleada, and muduros.  Everything was delicious and four of us ate till it hurt and our total came to $30.  I will be back!Good authentic food but servers and service sucks. Practically have to get up and find the server yourself. Wait time is too long to both order and pay. This is a small place so the service sound be faster and speedy. If you're looking for good food and don't mind poor service this is the place. I will only order out like I usually do from now on. Lastly, the waitress was eating behind the counter, check out the photo, probably explains why she was slow.There is a lot of Honduran restaurants in the metro area but this one is my favorite. I love the variety of simple, fresh ingredients that comes on the breakfast plates. If you work nearby and forgot your lunch, the baleadas make for an inexpensive, filling meal. As for the lunch and dinner entrees, the Honduran fried chicken is my favorite but everything I've ordered thus far has been tasty! Friendly service and nice, clean interior, as well.Everything took forever, getting our order, getting drinks, getting food, getting silverware (after receiving food), getting the check. If I could rate no stars, I would.... But the food was edible. So there's that.I went in search of authentic Huevos Rancheros and found the same elements as other restaurants' versions, but each one was laid out on the plate separately with soft tortillas on the side. I would have preferred everything stacked like what I've had in other restaurants. Strips of grilled beef were included, and I found it to be very tough. The meal tasted okay, but I'll stick with what must be the Americanized version.I liked the Honduran chicken tacos and slaw the best. Baleadas were made with pita like tortillas and I did not like that. Also a little pricy.Great food, great prices, large portions! Staff is very welcoming.  Must try the sopa de caracol (conch soup).  Def felt like I was back home!Delicious and authentic food at amazing prices. Can't get enough. Their baleada de carne con todo is probably my favorite thing on their menu. Hits the spot every time. The restaurant itself is small, but clean. The waiting staff is helpful, and I've never had an issue with promptness. I am in the habit of calling in orders for pickup, and they have always been pretty accommodating.I love this place! The food is exceptionally delicious, rich, and savory. I have been here several times and I will keep coming back. The prices are great for the amount of food you get, and they have BEST refried beans I have ever had! It definitely helps to speak a little Spanish here, just FYI. But I can't recommend this spot enough! There is really nowhere like it in New Orleans.This is probably my go to place for an authentic classic Hispanic dish. The food is always fresh and absolutely delicious. They're always consistent so I am never disappointed. I got the Pollo Con Tajadas which is my go-to dish. It's fried chicken on top of a bed of plantains and onions with this sauce that ties everything together. It is soooo good and I've personally tried a lot of Hispanic restaurants even in other states. This place is comparable to some of the best places I have tried in other states. I go here countless times especially during my lunch break. The service is pretty decent. Not every waiter can speak english that well, but that's not a problem at all to be honest. They have both an English and Spanish menu. The place seems newly renovated and gives an upbeat vibe. Everything is super affordable as well. I can't believe how cheap the dishes are. The only bad thing I can say about this place is one out of the many times I've been, the AC wasnt working so it was kind of hot. Other than that, I absolutely love eating here.Great food! Authentic Hondurean style and taste. Try their churrasco beef. Everything is delicious!Delicious food and drinks here for an amazing price. The woman working  spoke mostly Spanish and that was just fine. We had the Honduran enchiladas which are similar to Mexican tostadas as well as the pastelitos de Carne Molida which came out soft and flaky and delicious with great seasoned meat. We also had maduros, tamarindo, and a baleada. The baleada was a huge portion and everything was delicious. We ordered 4 different food items  and shared everything, 2 drinks, and left stuffed after only spending $24 for two people. The slaw and salsas that came with the meal was amazing. Will be back!The food gets 5 stars! But unfortunately the service gets 1. 
I think there were only 2 women working in the whole place. Our dishes came out the kitchen one at a time with significant lag time between. I didn't even get the Honduran tacos I had ordered and we gave up on them after about an hour and half. 
The food, tho!!! Plantain appetizer was fantastic. They were the perfect sweetness and the retries black beans were very flavorful. We also had the burritas as an app. The meat was tender and tasty. All the toppings were good, especially the pickled red onion. My husband ordered the baleada with everything. Very good! The tortilla, especially, earns 5 stars. Thick and homemade. I wish I had gotten a chance to try the tacos, but I'll give them another chance to see if the service has improved.This is a wonderful down home place for down home comfort Honduran food. The food has large portions with big flavors. I think it is a hidden gem in the area that is sorely lacking in culinary options. They have breakfast, lunch and dinner options. The baleadas are huge and a must try. The bistec was yummy too. It is a new neighborhood go to restaurant for me.Authentic Honduran food can be found here! We thoroughly enjoyed our breakfast.  Would return again for dinner in a heartbeat.Ok, so don't go in here looking for great service or fine dining.
The place is super clean, was actually surprised about how nice it was. And the food was AMAZING. My Honduran boyfriend was blown away. I'm not familiar with too many other baleada spots in NOLA, but this one hit the spot.
PS: Order some horchata. DELISHBaleadas! Baleadas! Baleadas! This nondescript restaurant on Tulane Ave is a hidden Honduran gem! Street parking available in front but, given the current streetcar line construction, your best bet is the parking lot in the back. Look for the door with the sign for Los Catarachos. Run by a Honduran family, this place hand makes their tortillas everyday and this world is a better place because of it. Almost a cross between tortillas and naan the tortillas have the perfect thickness, softness, and chewiness. Get them hot and eat them immediately! Being from California I grew up on Mexican and Latin American food, but believe you me, these are hands down the best tortillas I have ever had in my entire life. The baleadas are tortillas filled with refried beans, eggs, queso, and your choice of chorizo/carneasada/pollo. Get it "con todo" for extras including avacado. Each baleada is the size of a burrito and for $3.50 each  a taste of heaven has never been so easy on the wallet. I've also tried their pork chops and fried chicken over plantains both of which were scrumptious. However, I find myself returning to the baleadas time after time. I been here maybe 3 dozen times in a span of 2-3 months and I keep coming back for more! Note: the staff speaks limited English but it usually isn't an issue when placing your orders.This is one of my favorites spots in town! Always very consistent and not too expensive. I will usually get 2 appetizers and it's more than a meal!Came here spontaneously, and I didn't really understand what I was ordering because I looked at the Spanish menu instead of the English one. However I was not disappointed! I ordered the Milanesa de Res which is somewhat similar, I guess to chicken fried steak, with fried green plantain. It came with rice and beans and a salad. Service was a little slow at first but the food was delicious and affordable!This is easily the best Latin American restaurant in the Gulf South. As a former resident of Puerto Rico I can tell you how difficult it is to find good Latin food stateside, but this place is it!Great food, the honduran tacos were an amazing valueAuthentic cuisine at a great price. Plus the customer service is impeccable and it's ALWAYS cleanDon't know how to take orders on phone very rude  called back and they hung up on me instead of fixing problem it's happened 3 times will stop ordering there inThe waitresses always seem angry for some reason, maybe they don't work for tips, but that doesn't mean you can't give you costumers a smile now and then. If you don't like your job, go look somewhere else and leave the space to someone else who needs it. I'm honduran and a waitress so i can tell not all catrachos are like that. Great food tho, almost exactly like in my country.Looks like this is the second location they've opened (one in Metairie), and based on the reviews for the other location they're very similar. I see complaints about the service, but maybe it's just cultural differences. Menu is entirely in Spanish. Mixed fajitas were awesome and came with one very large fluffy flour tortilla. You order at a counter, they don't serve you. If you're expecting free chips and salsa and a waiter, go somewhere else.Great food at amazing prices!! I wasn't that familiar with Honduran food but I was very pleased. 
My roommate who speaks abs teaches fluent Spanish still had to ask a lot of questions but once we figured it out it was well worth the trouble. 
We both got the Baleadeas! They are only $3.50 each! They are massive soft tortillas filled with beans, your choice of protein, cheese and etc. The tortilla is more like a pita it was so good. I got the grilled chicken with everything but no eggs. I'm funny about eating chicken and eggs together. Next time I'll get less beans too because I will be back! 
We also shared the corn meat pies. You get pickled onions, salsa and a mound of shredded cabbage with this great sauce. It's enough to share but you won't want too. 
They also had Cashew Fruit Juice, one of my fave juices! We almost missed out, however, because we didn't originally understand the translation. I love authentic restaurants and I wish this spot had better translations but it's so good I will gladly try everything until I figure it out!I went into this location about three weeks ago in an attempt to order the Coconut shrimp plate! I was left at the cash register for about 15 minutes. All of the workers standing behind the counter did not approach and ask!! IF I CAN HELP YOU! I guess this waitress saw the look on my face and said" yell what you need" . At that point I walked out!!!  Well my co-worker had  the very same experience after waiting twenty minutes!! While they wait on people of their nationality!! YES WE ARE BLACK AND YES WE WERE DISCRIMINATED AGAINST!!!! And NO I WILL NOT RETURN THERE AGAIN!!!Ya'll baleadas are the best thing to happen to New Orleans since pho. If you don't know what those are: baleadas are like a big, (big) softer, almost pillowy tortilla wrapped around cheese, black beans, cotija cheese, avocado, eggs, chicken, you name it. They can be as simple or as complex as you like. I'm a baleada de pollo con todo girl myself.
The prices are insanely reasonable. You can have a great lunch here for about $5. 
If you're dining in, they have some great Honduran hot sauce at the tables called D'Olancho. It's fairly similar to Tabasco, but maybe a little creamier. 
If you like to be up on all the foods of the world that make New Orleanian food the best in the dang world, you need to get on Honduran food, and you definitely need to have a baleada spot. This is mine.40 minutos y sigo esperando una sopa de res.....que deficiente....vine a la 1 pm...es la 1:40 y nada....ya he venido otras veces y nadie en el restaurante y asi tardan 30 minutos.
Creo que no volvere...si piensan venir....asegurense de tener suficiente tiempo...ahorita la sirvieron...40 minutos.Los Catrachos is always an option when I really want some typical food from home. They offer the classic Honduran dishes plus some home favorites. Prices are descent and taste of food/overall freshness is pretty good. My problem with this place is the ambiance. It's not welcoming at all. The waitresses aren't friendly or personable, even the regulars are rude (yes I'm talking to you, sir who skipped me in line and you too other sir that talks very loudly on the phone while dining in). My other problem is that they are incredibly slow. Even when ordering take out. I order the simplest thing on the menu: 2 baleadas with avocado. It allllllways (never fails) takes them over 30 minutes to prepare this and I will never understand why? If you know what's in a classic baleada you know that over half of the ingredients are pre-made... so I'm confused. And it's been this way for years! IMO, Los Catrachos is a place you go to every now and then when you're really in the mood for Honduran food. Otherwise, the experience will turn you off. I love Honduras but I guess my people really aren't the friendliest.Cheap delicious Honduran food. I live right across the street and love coming here when I want a quick bite to eat.My brother had asked if I'd been to this restaurant a couple of months ago since it's near my work because he had heard it was really good. So last week I finally went. There were no English menus that I saw but between my HS Spanish and google translate, I managed to order something super tasty.
I think you're supposed to order at the counter but we had sat down to figure out the menu and someone actually came to us. I ordered the fried shrimp plate (big surprise) and I had my choice of corn or flour tortillas. My dish had fried shrimp, salad, pico, pinto beans, rice and corn tortillas. It was delicious and too much food for me. My friend got the Honduran tacos and said they were tasty and he even took some food back with him. We both had agua fresca. I had blackberry and he had passionfruit and both were amazing and not overly sweet.
I will definitely back to try more items.i literally nut every time i take a bite into one of their baleadas. my wallet nuts tooI live in CT an hour from NYC, for some reason it's hard to get Honduran food around here. Visited NOLA baleadas were really good. Portions were large. Will be back when I return5 stars because the baleada was good, and because the price was under $4 for the combination meat baleada that I ordered. You could honestly eat 1 and be pretty close to full. Or you could order 2 and be stuffed
Essentially a large quesadilla stuffed with beans, cheese, sour cream and any ingredients that you choose. Flavorful, filling. Not the best food I've ever had but it's up there in bang for your buck.
Also ordered the carnita celbena. Ended up taking half of the dish home because I was so full from the baleada. The only downside to this dining experience was that the carnita was cooked to way well-done, which is not my preference. I'll be back though to try other meats as the deal is just too good to pass up.This place is delicious. Very authentic as well. I got the fried chicken and my boyfriend got the quesadillas. The portions were huge and the dishes were full of flavour. I would go back for sure. They also have a few different fresh juices that everyone was ordering. We didn't get one but they also looked amazing.Do NOT go here. The space is nice, and the food was great, but the waitress charged me like 50% more for everything than the prices that were printed on the menu. When I pointed out the discrepancy, the waitress just shrugged and said "taxes". Then she offered me a dollar in change, but my bill had been padded with like $10 in mystery upcharges. I left angry and feeling robbed.Good authentic food but servers and service sucks. Practically have to get up and find the server yourself. Wait time is too long to both order and pay. This is a small place so the service sound be faster and speedy. If you're looking for good food and don't mind poor service this is the place. I will only order out like I usually do from now on.Mediocre food. The wait staff tries to do their job but what can you do when the food lacks flavor. I ordered la chuleta asada ( grilled pork chop) I asked to send it back to cook more time since it looked too pink for my taste. I should have captured a pictured they brought it back to me charcoaled. It was burnt. My husband ordered a sopa de res (beef soup) and he said it is the worse he has had. Luckily we won't have to eat here again since we are just passing through to Texas.I'm so glad I discovered this place. Their baleada with everything is fire! It's so good, authentic, and inexpensive. I can't wait to try other things from their menu. The only down side is, I wish it was closer to me!Came in this morning to get some food to-go and the lady in there said we cant order to-go. Like wtf????Great food and amazing prices. My roommate and I enjoyed a complete meal with juice and appetizers for like $20! I was very pleased with the food. 
I was especially excited about the cashew fruit juice! I love it! It took some time to translate but it was well worth it.Be prepared to spend 7 years trying to eat when you go! If you have the time take it because it is so yummy and so authentic!Value and taste are amazing. You're not there for stellar service or beautiful ambiance.
The best balleadas in the city. I will update this review if I find one better! 
Try the fajitas. Very flavorful.I Had the chicken fajita platter w plantains & 2 Belindas steak & chorizo for lunch. The Belindas are massive at least 8 inches long & stuffed & super soft.  Warning u will not probably be able to finish the meal it's alot of good food for little money.  Service was new orleans aka laid back but good. The food was amazing and super $ reasonable. I most definitely will return.Our family loves Latin American cuisine of all sorts. My son went on a mission trip to Honduras a couple of years ago and has been asking to go eat Honduran food ever since then.  We finally took him over the weekend while we're we're in NOLA.  
We ordered the meat pie appetizer, and they were exceptional.  The ground meat was well seasoned and the pies were obviously homemade.  They came served with a slaw, and it honestly would've made a good entree.  I wasn't sure what to order, so I asked the waitress, who was obviously from Honduras, what was her favorite chicken dish and just told her to bring me that.  It was called Milanesa de Pollo, which was fried pieces of chicken, a sauce, homemade corn tortillas, beans, rice and a salad.  It was delicious, but I think I would get something different next time.  My son ordered the tacos Hondurenos de Pollo and he said they were the best tacos he's ever tasted.  My hubs had another Pollo dish and my other son had some sort of ribs. The ribs weren't typical ribs, they were ultra thin beef, sliced across, rather than parallel to the bones, but he said the had a nice flavor. I think I'll get the tacos next time. They're on the appetizer menu.  
Our total bill was about $50, before tip. The service was decent.  There was a slight language barrier, but that's okay. It was authentic.  Some of the menus were printed in English and some were printed in Spanish. 
We will definitely go back.Yum yum and yummy. The baleada had to be taken home because our delicious meals were so filling - great beans, taquitos ("Honduran tacos"), my breakfast had the BEST plátanos, avocado, scrambled eggs, homemade corn tortillas, queso, crema, and pickled onions. The whole bill for 3 meals was $17. That's yummy, too!Probably the best food we've had since arriving in New Orleans a few days ago. We had been excited to try the southern fare but have been disappointed so far, except for here!!! Very reasonably priced. Great job!!!Terrible customer service, got some baliadas which were suppose to have bean, cream, and cheese, when we opened them was plain beans. Returned and the lady seemed to not even care, got the order, corrected it and not even a sorry....never coming back and don't recommend.Yeah.... This place needs alot of help with service. But the food was okay. Coming from a city with 10,000 restaurants (NYC) I don't stand for that crap. I wouldn't come back here.I always get the shrimp and coconut sauce dish with plantains on the side. It's delicious. This place is small and usually under serviced (there's usually only 2 people total working here) and they usually only speak Spanish but everyone is nice here and, again, the food is great. Definitely check it out .