Five stars are for the tamarind chicken bun alone. I'd need a few more for the excellent dumplings, and add some for how cool is this place! I keep coming back.By day it's the coolest banh-mi slinging neighborhood bar this side of the Pacific Ocean.  By night its a sexy super hero conquering thirsts with a single shaker.   
I just moved into the area and it's my new favorite neighborhood watering hole.  I also happen to love Vietnamese food.  Their kitchen doesn't threaten the big 3 of NOLA Viet food (9 Roses, Thanh Dinh & Dong Phoung) but it's good stuff.  They do a simple menu with Pho, Rolls, Bun, & Banh Mi.
Oh and they don't sell a single major brand domestic beer except High Life.  There's something brilliant about that.  "No, we don't have Coors Light - would you like to try a good beer instead?"From what I gather, places like this, are what the "cool" "new" hipster scene of un-touristy New Orleans is becoming--and I like it.
Cool dive with a lot of stuff going on.
- Changing drink specials, TV nights (with Game of Thrones parties!), projector in the back.
- Best part--Vietnamese Po Boys and other Asian snackie-cakes in the back. Really liked the Pho. 
The food and the drinks aren't super cheap for the ambiance, kinda normally priced, but still really like all this place brings to the table.A nice drinking place. When we were in there it was quiet and you could talk freely without shouting. Only one tv. But they gave us control to switch between nba and nhl. Food looked good, but I didn't eat here. Bartender was friendly, nice, talkative enough and kept the drinks coming.Pho, which I hear is pretty good. 
Live Music and Comedy, sometimes + other cool events.
Hipsters, mostly. 
Okay beer selection.
Books to read. 
Pool table to play. 
Monopoly, brand new set. 
Yatzee
Checkers
Nice bartendress. 
Unisex restroom that doesn't lock.
$4 Abita.came here a few weeks ago to eat, drink, and watch "Tremé."  
sat on the restaurant side and got there way early, which was necessary it turns out because the place fills up for the show.  for as busy as it is, with the drinking and the order taking though, it is also a very quiet, respectful crowd.
had the bun, some apps, and several pimm's cups.  certainly not game-changing food, but also definitely the best vietnamese i've had on the east bank while watching "Tremé."  that's gotta count for something, right?Dive bar in the up and coming (read: hipsterish) are of the Marigny. In the back there is good Thai food. The staff doesn't seem especially happy to have non-natives in their establishment.The atmosphere is interesting. The waitress was very friendly and accommodating. The low rating is mainly about the food.
The  nuoc cham there was the worst nuoc cham I have ever had in my life. Actually it did not even taste like nuoc cham- I am Vietnamese so I know how it should taste. It was extremely bland. I almost considered not eating it even though I already paid. Had I not been extremely hungry from not having eaten much the whole day, I would have left and  paid extra money to get a proper Vietnamese dish elsewhere.In short:
Vegetarian Enoki Pho
Fried Tamarind Tofu Bahn Mi
Sailor Jerry Specials
Treme viewings
Nice 'n Dark
Two Bathrooms
Did I mention Vegetarian Pho?  With Mushrooms?  And Taramind Tofu?  Huh.  Just checking.So I've only spent maybe 30 minutes here thus far, but already I've decided that this place f-ing rocks and expect it to be a frequent host for all future Marigny adventures. If I were to live in a bar, this would probably be it. Let me explain. 
First of all, they have this amazing beetlejuice-looking couch that's perfect for drunk naps, or television viewing, or visiting with fellow barflys, as the case may be. They do regular events like "TV night" meaning this is totally going on the "Places to watch Treme" list, because they definitely have HBO. Also, they apparently do Spelling Bee nights, which, oddly enough, sounds like a blast. Drunk spelling? Why not! 
My other favorite thing (so far) about Lost Love Lounge is the giant bookshelf, which at first glance contains several interesting titles that I intend to go back and borrow. In fact, I may even donate some of my books to the cause -- all the best ones end up on permanent loan, anyway, so why not extend circulation to total strangers. According to other reviews there are evidently board games here, too, so (obviously) game night at Lost Love Lounge is inevitable, and will (of course) be a blast. Now, to decide how to turn Monopoly into a drinking game...I'm currently sampling neighborhood bars before I commit to a regular haunt. 
In a process reminiscent of my freshman year of college, my intention was to take my time, play the field for a while, and then just maybe, allow myself to be wooed. And also like my freshman year, my best (ahem) laid plans were sabotaged by my early interaction with an irresistibly charming contestant. (Lets just hope I don't regret this one.)
First impression: The name. Lost Love Lounge. Swoon. 
Second impression: Has got it goin' on. 
Tuesdays - Comedy
Wednesdays - Spelling Bee
Thursdays - Massage or manicure
Sundays - TV night (often HBO shows) / Pinewood Derby
The pinewood derby is a newer offering, and the weekly lineup for these events could change, but their website is regularly updated with info on events and drink specials.  
Third impression: Has lots of books. And a *big* bookshelf. 
The plan was to have a book trade thing going. But I talked to one of the owners (who initially stocked the entire shelf with his own books!), and apparently romance novels were being traded for good books. He was concerned about the quality of the collection deteriorating, so I'm not sure what the policy will be in the future. 
Fourth impression: Pho King is good.
I'm no expert on Vietnamese food, but so far I've enjoyed Pho King (in the back of the bar). And I'm sure you'll enjoy Pho King as well. In fact, I bet you won't be able to get enough Pho King. 
So, yeah, I'm sold on Lost Love Lounge, and expect that it will continue to hold my affection, making it difficult to play the neighborhood bar field.Dug the environment hanging out in here on the grandma couch. Didn't get to try the pho but will next time. Owner was friendly and everyone seemed to keep to themselves.If you love a good dive bar, you will totally love this place! We went because of the dive bar reviews on Yelp! We got a shot of tequila and a mexican beer for only $6....win! Also, they have a Vietnamese kitchen as well, so we got the spring rolls as a snack which was really good (love the sauce!) 
Another cool part of this place was that it really makes you feel at home with a book shelf and board games. Definitely a cool spot to hangout at, and the bartender was quirky but so nice!Absolutely stunning Ph tonight. My Viet mother-in-law, a Saigon restaurateur before coming to the U.S. after the war, taught me how to make it, and hers was the best I've ever had. But, this is right up there with hers for quality. They could charge twice as much. I'm pretty damn good at making it myself, but this was better than what I can do. Looking forward to trying their other fare. The Vegan options are super appreciated.The Vietnamese restaurant in this Lounge is not to be missed. Best French bread sandwiches I've had in New Orleans in a long time. Wonderful steamed pork buns. Good beer in the bar at cheap prices. Kitchen is opened on Sunday through Thursday from 5 p.m. till midnight. Kitchen is open Friday and Saturday from 11 a.m. till midnight. I think. You can sometimes get sandwiches a little bit later than that. It's a very relaxed neighborhood bar but with some great beer and great food period usually easy to park.Great little neighborhood bar and restaurant. Solid drinks friendly staff and open late night. I only had a couple drinks here towards the end of my night but the bartender was very friendly. I had mentioned I was hungry and it was 10:25pm and she handed me a menu and said well the kitchen is open for five more minutes. I mentioned I didn't want to do that to the guy in the back being a restaurant worker myself. She said not to worry I ordered something small and it was delivered promptly without attitude. Thanks again for the great experience I'll definitely be stopping by again!!Overall decent experience.... 
Its a shame when the security guard is more personable than the bartender... She was not happy at all to serve (do herjob) because she was busy watching the show that was playing on all the screens in there.  She was blonde, impatient, and not a people's person.  I'll come back to small talk with the cool azz sh*t security guard and eat the food...The three stars encompasses an averaged review for both Pho King and Lost Love Lounge itself.
Lost Love Lounge itself: 4 stars.
Lost Love Lounge is everything I'd expect a Marigny Bar to be; it caters to a decidedly local crowd, has a great beer selection and definitely has a community feel to it where people can come together to watch Treme and True Blood on Sunday nights. 
I came on one of those Treme nights and was so proud to call myself a New Orleanian and experience such a great show with so many other wonderful locals. For that alone, I will always like Lost Love Lounge and will come back every chance I get. 
I just won't ever have their Vietnamese food again...
Pho King: 2 stars.
You can find better Vietnamese food in New Orleans. It's as simple as that. If you don't believe me try Pho Tau Bay (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-tau-bay-restaurant-gretna), Hoa Hong 9, (http://www.yelp.com/biz/hoa-hong-9-gretna) or Pho Hoa (http://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-hoa-harvey-2).
I ordered the Pork Bun salad; the noodles were cooked poorly to have them "coagulate" (for lack of a better word) into a pasty mess. The salad had no flavor itself (or at least the intensity and variety of flavor one would expect upon eating a good Vietnamese noodle salad) and had to be doused with Sriracha and Hoisin sauce to taste remotely Asian.
Furthermore, the prices are decidedly not Vietnamese. $9.75 for a bun salad? What... are these pasty noodles made out of gold? Ridiculous.
So I'd have given this place a 4 star review or perhaps even a 5 star had I didn't try their Vietnamese food option. So, if Pho King gets its own yelp page, Lost Love Lounge would get the 4 star rating it deserves. Until then, 3 it is.Perfect dive bar. Cheap drinks, great bartender. The people are cool and chill. Pool table, packed bookshelf, TV, and food? Awesome. A nice sofa that isn't stained or smell funny to hang out on, read and watch TV? Awesome squared. I didn't get food, but my friends that I was with that live in the hood say the Pho and the spring rolls are pretty great. Didn't get a chance to peruse the book selection or jukebox because I was comfortably planted on the sofa watching the movie The Warriors and drinking a Stella, so happy. Oh and I got a free Sailor Jerry calendar, sweet. Love it.Everyone was so nice at the bar area when we went in. Drinks are very well priced. We ordered food another day and it was SO good. Highly recommend.This place is the best for wine spring rolls pho, what ever spice no spice excellent wine selection! !Tried everything on the menu but can't seem to get past the tamarind tofu sandwich. Its delicious. I get it every time.
My favorite night to go is when they have comedy in the back... or its raining. It feels like your tucked away in some poorly lit cave so great for intimate eves or catching up with people that make your heart feel warm and gooey. 
Bring your i.d to get in to the yummy-ness, they card at the front bar for entrance.This place is just amazing. Pho, Bun, beer, TV nights. Bar service is always good but the food in the back is the real gem. Delicious, consistent food and quick service. Excellent for take out as well.Karaoke! 
Dude. 
Good drinks, cool people, and karaoke in the back. Much of the night is a pleasant blur. 
The dj has all of the songs. The stage is just large enough for the performer in you to bust a move and your background dancers to 2step accordingly. 
Next time I go, I'll try the food. I hear the pho back there is pretty awesome.Divey and awesome. Friends had food and thought it was good. I liked the laidback vibe and drinks were cheap.I realize this review is probably a little late coming out, but better than never, right?
I came here last february with my boyfriend when we were in New Orleans, so we could catch a view of our favorite show, The Walking Dead. I think it was the most fun we've ever had watching an episode and that's saying a lot...we are serious fans.
 big screen tv, shushing when the patrons got too loud and gasps and squirms from the audience in all the right places. if you're as much as a fan as we are and you're in the area while the show is airing, I'd vote this as a 'must do' experience.
LLL has a great  -albiet slightly divey- atmosphere. I mean...it's called the lost love lounge, what do you expect? that's part of it's charm; what made this a win for us were the delicious dumplings out of the restaurant in the back. perfectly cooked, a lovely amount of spice and a dipping sauce that complimented the bite.
if you're a vegetarian,skip the fresh spring roll. too many rice noodles and not enough veggies in the tofu one. also, our tofu was not marinated and cut on the thick side. made for a rather bland bite. once again, the dipping sauce that came with it was fantastic, but not enough to compensate for the lack of flavor in the bite, it's self.
 I would have given this place a 3.5 because of the dissapointing springroll...but the beer is well priced with a good selection of local faves and frankly...I'm still dreaming about those dumplings. 
we'll be back here at the end of march for the 2nd to last episode of TWD and we can't wait to return! we'll be trying the pho with a dumpling repeat this time. :)I don't usually write these but I had a Bahn mi tofu poboys w fried shrimp added. And it was a fucking SPIRITUAL EXPERIENCE. IF YOU'RE IN THE AREA DO NOT MISS IT.This is a dark smoky bar. $2 Tecate tuesdays and True Blood viewing parties earned it it's 4th star. It is a good place to start your night, or to just hang out for a little while if you aren't looking to get into too much trouble.Triple L is my and my husbands favorite bar in the city! Great drink prices and cool people work there. Yummy Pho too!Delicious tamarind tofu bahn mi! My only complaint is that I would have preferred the tofu not fried, but this is New Orleans after all. Great little spot.I will never again patronize this business.  I ordered delivery tonight.  Which, I've done 3 times prior with no problems- and great service!  A few minutes after ordering I get a call back, the phone person tells me the delivery person insists they don't deliver to the 1900 block of my street.  What?  Since when?  I just ordered a couple weeks ago.  Frustrated, and hungry after a 12 hour day, I take my dog out.  Run into my neighbors- they JUST got delivery from Lost Love this past Tuesday!  WE LIVE IN THE SAME BUILDING!  So, I call back- again- frustrated- tell the person on the phone- at this point I'm already ordering from Red's or Sugar Park or someplace with way better customer service and consistency- but really?!  Y'all already getting pretty mixed reviews, you think you'd step it up!  
So she hands me to the delivery man who was very rude from the beginning, and could give a rat's ass about my question.  I asked him to tell me if he was with an independent delivery service, or Lost Love Lounge so I knew who to write the review about.  I have worked in service 15+ years and would never want to negatively review a delivery (or any) place without certain knowledge.  He told me he had worked for Lost Love Lounge for 6 years and then hung up on me- but not before I heard him say "I ain't got time for that bullshit".  
Ok.  Well, y'all lost yourselves a customer here, and I'm not gonna be quiet about it in the neighborhood- that's for sure.  Beyond disappointed.Had the tempura shrimp Bah mi po boy. Totally delicious. Great time with friends, fast service,  water not great (tap free water). Will return.Solid neighborhood bar. I like that I can usually find a table in the back (by the food) to avoid the cigarette smoke.  Drinks are well priced and basic, but the wine selection is actually pretty good and the bottles that are on special are particularly well priced.Super unique bar that serves Vietnamese food. It's filled with hipsters and there's even comedy stand up night every Tuesday.This is the new place, as far as I'm concerned. Spelling Bee night on.... Wednesday (?). They show Treme 9pm Sunday... lovely place, though a little on the dark side. And the purple light makes it a little hard to tell what's going on with the blue pool table. 
Very friendly patrons, workers, owner. 
Awesome take-a-book-leave-a-book shelf. 
They always have some special going on... last night it was a shot of powers and a high life for $5. Can you really beat that?
Sweeet juke box.
The vietnamese food is pretty great, and it's open seven until midnight (wednesday through sunday), as I recall. The Iced Jasmine Green Tea leaves a little to be desired, but the Tofu spring rolls, as well as Tofu vietnamese po boy were fantastic. The Pho was a little over-priced/a little small, but tasted decent.3.5 stars if I could.  Hole in the wall bar with good banh mi and pho in the back.  Good beer selection and if you're into it, Game of Thrones on Sundays.Great atmosphere. Liquor in the front, pho in the rear.  I usually go every Tuesday for the Comedy Catastrophe stand-up show.  Love this bar!Yoooooooooo, came across this beautifully designed dive bar with Vietnamese food and cheap beers. One of the absolute best dive bars I ever came into. We watched a comedy show in the back that was hilarious and our food was so good, I ordered more. I got steamed and fried kimchi wontons and tofu po boy and a chicken po boy. Out of this world, delicious!!! I was reading the negative reviews on food and have no idea what experience they had. So so good and I have had a lot of Vietnamese in my lifetime and this is some good stuffThis place is great! The Vietnamese food is delicious and the bloody marys were awesome. The drinks are cheap and this is a great place to watch a Saints gameLLL & Pho King! 
EDIT (12/12/12): This is my default cheap eats food location in the Bywater. Tasty vegan options. I am addicted to the leek dumplings. Thank you for existing and being open late. LLL, I think I might love you. 
Old Review (2011): The Pho at Pho King is yummy but more expensive and not as good as the Pho from Marigny Pho in Marie's Bar. Spring rolls although disturbingly phallic are also YUM and the peanut sauce is delish. It's open late, which is awesome but they don't serve PBR, they do however serve $2 Highlife. Honestly, I've had nothing but good times in this place eating, drinking and actin' a fool. I highly recommend.I'm in LOVE!!!!  THIS PLACE ROCKS!  Dark Bar great pool table and Great PHO!!!!  I am sooo ready to go back.  Hummmm, I think I will go tonight!!  Okay maybe tomorrow night :)Hands down the best beef pho I've ever had. Will definitely be back on my next NOLA trip.I used to love Lost Love- great neighborhood vibes and pretty decent Vietnamese. Now they've put all this money into "renovating" aka putting up weird wall art and they can't even answer their phones for pick up orders. A SAD STATE OF AFFAIRS!Their Vietnamese shrimp po boy is to die for. Pair it with some kickass spring rolls. 
I dream of this place.Everything about this place is great!  The meatballs are to die for. Be sure to not pass on the curry puffs when they have them. They were playing Texas Chainsaw Massacre when I went in tonight. Incase you like a little gore with your banh mi ;)The Vietnamese kitchen in the back is yummy, and the drinks are reasonably priced. They always have a good wine special going, with glasses being mostly $5, sometimes $6. They usually have a cocktail special as well, but I pretty much always get beer.
Whenever I can't find a friend with HBO, this is where I go to get my True Blood and Game of Thrones fix. Be warned, it gets pretty crowded on these nights, so show up an hour in advance to grab a good seat and nom on some pho.
I love this place. What's not to love?a bar that serves vietnamese food. Am I dreaming? someone wake me up! No, this is reality!  Lost Love Lounge is a chill spot where you can get some good drinks, catch up on boardwalk empire and eat some delicious noodle bowls.This local bar is 2 blocks from my friends Airbnb rental in the Marigny.  We never fail to stop by here for some Cocktails when we were in town.  Brittany is one of the bartenders we see frequently who always makes our drinks top notch!  We also eat the Vietnamese spring rolls ( fried and non) the bahn mi and the Pho every single time we are in town.  All delish!!  However, the best customer service story follows- my friend and I literally had our taxi from the airport drop us off at LLL last week with our suitcases. We ordered drinks, food and even though it was late and the Pho was already in the fridge for the night, The chef  brought us a pint from the fridge to take home.  Score #1.  The next day I realized (in my haste to get the Pho home the night before), I left my wallet at the bar where John the bartender found it. Before I even realized it was missing, the owner tracked me down on FB and had sent me a message that my wallet was safe and sound.  score #2!  Really scary to lose your wallet much less in NOLA your 1st night there however LLL went above and beyond my expectations to get it back to me!  Thank you LLL and your crew!  Sending all my love from Texas!Cheap and strong drinks. Vietnamese food til midnight. TV nights. God bless the Lost Love.I love this place, torn seats and all. It's very dimly lit which I love. Good space but still cozy, super large beer list and everything is easy to see  so you don't have to read a menu. Bonus points for that! There is a huge book shelf with tons of books and reading materials. Cant' read in the dark, LOL but makes me feel at home and I can go by myself and watch old movies or tv shows have special nights there. Pool table, love seat...the list goes on...slot machines. Bathrooms are clean. 
Then you go to the back and there is a pretty good sized Vietnamese restaurant with great Pho and some vegan items and a stage for things like Comedy Catastrophe. I've been a couple times and each time was free and memorable! They do so many things there and yet it's a very calm, relaxing joint with some of the nicest staff I've ever met in a bar during the week. Weekends attitude gets a little sour but nothing serious but it's dead some weekends and busier during the weeks I've noticed.I always get Pho here...It's pretty good! It's not the best in the world but it's yummy and does the trick. The pork buns are amazing (a little pricey in comparison to what I'm used to paying in China town in SF) and the rolls are tasty. Overall very delicious. Just need to have more sauces available at the tables that are more authentic and spicy.I came in to town wanting nothing but good food, and bartender Britney knew that we needed this grub. Asian fusion was what hit the spot. Definitely come here and hang.Lost Love Lounge is like that old friend who always makes you laugh and that you can effortlessly have a good time with.
When I'm looking for a casual, good time with little effort involved I always recommend Lost Love. There's always a table to be found for a group of people to socialize as well as spots at the bar to chat with one or two other people. 
I enjoy watching TV at the bar with my friends. It's another way to connect with the neighborhood over common interests. TV nights are the nights when I most run into regulars and am able to catch up... during commercial breaks only of course (shhhhh!)
Last, but not least, the Vietnamese food in the back is amazing. I enjoy the spring rolls and the banh mi... Just get anything with the peanut sauce!I am not really a dive bar girl but I think the Lost Love Lounge could probably make me one. The only drawback was that the place was packed but, then, it was Saturday night and 'Tit Rex and Chewbacchus were about to go past.
It is dark inside and the restaurant is in the back. I really lucked out because, while there was a long line for the bathroom, there wasn't a line for the food when I ordered my dumplings. I summoned my party back to one of the restaurant-side tables to share the dumplings with me. We both agreed they were good and ordered a Bahn Mi (at this point there were maybe only 2-3 people ahead of me to order food.  The Bahn Mi was delicious. Definitely one of the better ones I've had. I was tempted to go back there to watch Better Call Saul on Sunday night but that started at 9 and I had work the next day.Wonderful pho! Who ever owns this place now has really taken constructive criticism and turned it around!Tamarind fried tofu & Fresh spring rolls. 
Truly a dive bar w restaurant in the rear. Dimly lit atmosphere. Picnic style tables.   Friendly ppl. Good food. Prices a little high, but servings are very generous. 
Spring rolls w peanut sauce were larger than most places. Tamarind w fried tofu & noodles were good. Had a orange & dark brown sauce in a separate container; it was divine. Had a vietnamese salad w a spicy oil dressing as a side item. 
Good to know this place is in the neighborhood. Gooooo MARIGNY!!!!Wandered in on a Sunday afternoon.  Bartender eating some Pho watching the football game.  He pointed me in the direction of the kitchen.
The dining room kitchen area was dark, fragrant, and kind of spooky in a good way.  There were only two other tables.  I grabbed a menu and ordered.  Then walked back to the bar and ordered a beer.  
I was there when it was dead.  Food was some damn good Vietnamese grub.  Nice and licorice-y with good spice.  
I want to come here to listen to some music.  It was so close and small and dark.  I'll come here again when there are people here.
Oh and the music was excellent.Pretty good place.  No complaints really.  They're relatively cheap, they take cards, and if you're hungry, the food is good and not too expensive.  Sometimes they have comedy and stuff.  
I wouldn't go in there expecting the best, most authentic Vietnamese food you've ever had, but um, it's a hipster bar in a hipster neighborhood staffed by dirty white kids.  If you want super-authentic Vietnamese cuisine, go to the far reaches of New Orleans East.  Make a day of it, really, it's worth it.  But frankly, sometimes I prefer to just stumble drunkenly into a place nearby, inhale some spring rolls, and wake up to a hangover and a take-out box full of noodle salad.  
I was sitting in this bar watching their TV when Obama won the '08 election, so I guess it will always hold a special place in my heart.This place was hilarious, ripped chairs, awesome Vietnamese food and a wine chiller all in one...love it. Had a great time, drinks were spot on and the food was fabulous. Great prices and fun people.A definite hipster bar and dining establishment. The food is ordered at a dining area in the back which is not immediately apparent when you enter this place so just head to the back of you are not doing cocktails. The food was good. Everything came out quick and was delicious.The wine and whiskey selection was a more than pleasant surprise. (And for a fantastic price!) once we got here, we realize they also had Vietnamese food. I tried the rare beef pho, and it was fantastic. Love love love! Plus, our bartender, Beck, was super awesome!Low-key dive bar with a pool table and a huge bookshelf. It was here that I finally discovered the awesomeness of hot toddies (better late than never!).
They also serve Vietnamese food in the back.Yep. Fine neighbourhood bar. Bar staff always friendly, decent Vietnamese menu in the back and - Friday night karaoke. Don't come to that, actually. I don't want to have to wait too long for my turn.the bahn mi were excellent with very flavorful pork. the bun was good, not great.When I first visited this bar, I thought it was welcoming and cozy with pretty good drink prices and Vietnamese food. I have had several good conversations with the bouncers, who are honestly the friendliest I have met since moving to NOLA. As I live a 15 minute walk away, I was considering making this bar my regular spot.
Then I met the owner, who harassed my friend, shoving her and grabbing his crotch as he yelled and cursed in her face. As we left, the bouncers apologized for his behavior but said there was nothing they could do because he is the owner. I have heard of owners having to apologize for rude or inappropriate employees, but never the other way around! Nor have I ever interacted with anyone at any level of a bar or restaurant who was anywhere near as horrid as the owner of this place.
I do not know why this guy thinks that assaulting customers is a good business model (he later yelled at her across the street, calling her a motherf**** and other pejoratives), but the aptly-named Lost Love Lounge will not get another penny from me. Instead, you can find me a few blocks away at Marie's Bar, where the drinks are cheaper, the staff just as friendly, and the owner is not sexist and abusive.Sitting in the back at the Lost Love Lounge now, my friends Mary and Penn are dining on food from Pho King right now. They love it, personally I'm not hungry so I went with the Vietnamese Iced Coffee. They seem to be loving their Pho, although it's still not a replacement for Pho Tau Bay. Even though it's 6:15 pm and the sun is still up, I feel like we have been thrust into the middle of the night it's so dark and moody in here, perfect dive bar. The art on sale on the wall is good, the food is good, the atmosphere is appropriate. The jazz on the jukebox is good. My iced coffee wasn't well-prepared though. I think I will need to try it again before I form a full opinion of the place!Not a very friendly staff. We ordered shrimp pho, we have been to over 6 different Vietnamese restaurant in New Orleans and Metairie. Apparently this bar decided to add a spicy smoked shrimp to every item on the the menu which contains shrimp which was not told to us when we ordered. The added ingredient tasted nothing like pho just salty fishy, burnt soup. When we complained the manager/chef had no solution for the food being inedible. The chef would not give us refund and we paid $48 for 2-3 shrimp in each container of soup. The order didn't include rice noodles or jalapeños.I love a good dive bar but you know what I love even more? I dive bar with great food! 
I am not sure when it happen, I've eaten here before  but never had it been as good as it was the other day.
My girlfriend and I were on our way to the Women's March a few blocks away and were craving Pho so it  was a logical stop.
We sat at the bar where the friendly bartender took our order which included the following:
Pork Egg Rolls (fried) - Tasty and full of pork. I do however wish they would add a few leaves of lettuces cilantro and cucumbers.
Banh Bao - Fluffy steamed balls of flavorful house BBQ pork that will have you stuffing your mouth as fast as you can.
Tempura Battered Shrimp Banh Mi - my new favorite Banh Mi in the city. Big shrimp wonderfully battered and fried topped with an amazing mayo sauce that fuses it all into one amazing bite.
GF had the Chicken Pho which came out piping hot with all the accoutrements and pack with flavor.
All in all it was a great meal in my favorite dive bar of dive bars.
Ps. Bartenders has great taste in music.came in for a meeting with one of my mardigras krewes.  I've been in here before, in every incarnation the building has had, in the last so many years.  
    I ordered a beer, and joined my friends.  the bartender was pretty talky, which is fine...  smiled, and kept checking his customers.
    My friend offered me a sample of liquid, in a geaux cup and asked me what it was.  My answer, was really weak tonic water.  tonic is tonic, I know it, even if its weak.   I guess she ordered a soda vodka, and got vodka tonic, but the bartender insisted that it was soda.  
    wow.  whats the reason for not remaking her drink?  that was kinda not cool.  he insisted she was wrong.  then she got some attitude, for pointing out, that it was tonic.  baby... it WAS tonic.  clean your lines...  maybe you put the tonic line, on the soda line, but either way?  it was tonic.  remake her drink, make her happy.  
    I finally have a chance to try the pho.  They had spring rolls, which I prefer over the fried.  I always come by this place when the restaurant hasn't opened, or just closed.  I've tried many times.  today, was my chance, so I got the spring rolls, which were very cheaply priced.
    two huge rolls, with a peanut sauce, and wow.  It was very tasty, my only complaint, is I like my peanut sauce a little more spicy, but all in all?  nice, fresh, and I was happy.  
   Back to the tonic.  it went viral, after all that on another social website.  Point blank, make her a new drink, or make her a drink with neither soda or tonic.  just make your customer happy.  its only a drink.This place is rad!  awesome dive bar up front and cool Vietnamese restaurant open in the back open pretty late.  Went here a few times on a recent trip for some late night dumplings.  Caught a funny open mic comedy show there one nightWe wanted to try a new place ! Wife loves pho dishes! This is not a place to come to ! Go to a REAL Vietnamese restaurant !!The food is phenomenal but the service is very hit or miss, especially since the last few times I've been in they've had the bar taking the food orders.Look are soooo deceiving... this week lace is awesome!  I got the Pho with shrimp and beef broth..  the dive bar delicious food.Excellent dive bar with a little Vietnamese kitchen in the back. The menu is exactly pretty extensive for the little kitchen. We already ate but decided to try the leek dumplings fried as a snack. They were around $6 and amazing! I could eat another order. Drinks are priced well and lots of different specials. I had the hot toddy and it was great for the rainy day. We stayed to watch the movie (Sunday is TV night and they play movies and shows) they were playing and it was a fun hang out. Highly recommend for a chill late night bar.This has become my favorite neighborhood bar. Great bartenders. Amazing Vietnam food. Walking Dead/GOT gatherings. Very welcoming.You have got to be kidding me. I admit that I have just have the best summer roll and dumplings of my life at a dive bar. And the the bartender is hot and can get it.That I have no love lost for less than a perfectly-executed Pimm's Cup has nothing to do with my rating of Lost Love Lounge. That I have no love lost for cigarette smoke has nothing to do with my rating of the Lost Love Lounge, either. And, that I especially have no love lost for a unisex bathroom with questionable latching device has nothing to do with my rating, either.
I'm not making sense (yet again). Four stars, you're scratching your head, why, then? Best motherfucking bar food in town. After throwing back a couple cocktails, I can't think of anything more satisfying than a huge bowl of vermicelli, tofu (three different vegetarian options, but I'm all about the tamarind-encrusted), fresh veggies and hot sauce. And a spring roll. You can keep your cheese fries, your nachos and your jalapeno poppers. Grilled cheese? Hell no. I'll take a Banh Mi. Yep, it's official, I'm hitting up Lost Love for real food when I plan to tie one on.
(and I just really like this bar anyway. Yet more reason for me to plan to move to the Marigny one day. I need a neighborhood bar like this one).
The entire operation is a friendly one, too. From the bartendress to the regulars to the folks serving up chow in the back.Poor to mediocre food, but the atmosphere is this place's saving grace -- game of thrones night is a blast. Besides that, I guess you are getting bar food with a Vietnamese twist, but don't expect much more. The bao and dumplings are from a package, and the pho is truly awful.I met my boyfriend here 3 years ago and we still come regularly. Beer, whiskey and pho you can't go wrong. There are great vegetarian options. 
Jen is a great bartender and the new owner is the sweetest!!Cozy, eclectic, local but welcoming. AMAZING Vietnamese kitchen tucked away out the back. Open late. What a find.