We spent 5 nights at the end of October in New Orleans and made a dinner reservation for this place.  We had a party of 4 and decided to be more "adventurous" and went for the chef's custom 4 course menu.  The dishes were pretty flavorful but nothing wowed us.  It was an ok dinner and I did not think it was worth the price.We visited the Louisiana Bistro and, despite each being enticed by an entree on the menu, decided to instead order the 4-course "feed me" option where Chef Mars prepares an off-menu series of seemingly ad hoc selections. As each dish was brought to our table, Mars would present the dish and describe the ingredients and preparation. Our dishes were - tasty fried frog legs (yes, a first for all 4 of us - see photo), an amazing chayote and crab concoction (the highlight!), and two delicious final entrees of tender quail and rabbit. The "feed me" concept was a great idea - perfect for a group - and for those adventurous enough (don't bother if you're a picky eater), it was a great way to sample a number of selections we may have never ordered. 
The wine was the only disappointment - we ordered a Spanish selection that was watery and bland - but we didn't send it back, because well... being that we're not exactly wine connoisseurs, I've never felt comfortable doing so. 
The service was very friendly - and we're thankful for the servers friendly hint that the multi-course option was the advised option.
Lastly, we loved the humorous BP logo on the menu... with the revised acronym reading "B**ch Please"!Please DO NOT eat here EVER-they have lousy food and service and are not worth your money or taste buds! 
First of all, it had the most pretentious and terrible service ever. We were left waiting at the door for 5 minutes before the wait staff acknowledged us. Then, we were told we may not be able to get a table because of reservations (the restaurant was 1/2 empty at the time and remained empty throughout our meal). We wanted to get the Feed Me meal that everyone raves about, but my husband does not eat fish, and they refused to modify the menu for him, and they refused to serve the tasting menu to just me- the rules are that everyone at the table needs to order it or nobody gets it. 
When we told the waiter how terrible the food was, the waiter waived his hand in my face and said, "oh well"! I could not eat my duck- it had cheap Chinese restaurant sweet and sour sauce on it. Literally, Panda Express style sweet and sour sauce! i ordered medium rare and got it well done. my husband ordered the pork chop and it was over salted and raw towards the bone- pink pork!! 
It was a complete let down, even the table next to us was sad. I made a gagging face and the lady nodded her head, pointed at her plate and frowned and shook her head no, she didnt like what she got either. The women who got the Feed Me at the table behind us got all the same courses that every other reviewer on yelp got- the crawfish beignets in lemon butter and drum fish. The stupid menu never changes! And it's $50 for 3 courses, $60 for 4, and $70 for 5. Rip off! It's tiny portions, too.
Maybe it used to be good here but no more!!!! Save your money and go to Bourbon House down the street- it's cheaper, better food with friendly service.My husband and I had a lovely dinner there this Thursday. Brian was very informative and attentive to our needs. Chef came out to our table twice to make sure all was good! All was better than good! I wanted to like my plate ! Excellent in all aspects of service, menu and creativeness! Thank you Chef for all the delicious food!Truly one of the best meals of my life for just tastiness of the food and the casual but great quality of service. I'm in NO for four days and having the pork chop each day would be fine with me. Small old style restaurant. I thought reasonably priced. Oh the Louisiana shrimp amazing.Dined here from the reviews we saw here on tripadvisor. We had a good meal here, but it wasn't stellar. One dish I would recommend was the dirty bird that I got. The black goo sauce was delish and I only wish there was more on the plate. The other dishes that the rest of my party got was only average. We did not do the feed me option, but sure was interested in it. Maybe something we can do next time. 
Visited October 2012Loved it. Small. Quaint. Delicious food. So so so good. Will be back for sure. Great hidden gemThis is really a fine place to eat, talk and enjoy. Had the drum with crabmeat and a lemon sauce.  And bourdin balls for appetizer.  Others had fried green tomatoes and asparagus salad. Also a crab cake. Everything was excellent and service is superb. Don't hesitate to make a reservation or if you're lucky, show up and get seated in about 10 minutes.I loved it - the service was friendly the food AMAZING and the atmosphere really cozy and relaxed
I had the lamb - I can just say - perfect!!!
We shared all three deserts and my favorite was the bread pudding with white chocolate, but everything was delicious.I ate here years ago and was pleased by what the chef served for the "Feed Me" option.  For this reason, I just visited again with my brother.  I deeply regret my reccomendation of this place.  We both had the fried the green tomatoes to start.  These were flavorless and accompanied by what was essentially movie theater nacho sauce (maybe less plastic).  The lamb that I had was topped by what was essentially cocktail sauce and not good cocktail sauce.  I say topped, but it was smothering perfectly cooked chops that would have been better off with almost anything else.  My brother had the drum which was saturated with butter and otherwise bland.  I would give this one star but for three things.  The lamb was prepared perfectly medium rare, the wisconsin cheddar grits were terrific, and the dinner rolls were amazing (I suspect they get these elsewhere).  Bottom line - there is much better cuisine within two blocks of here in any direction.My son found this restaurant a couple years ago and raved about it. We promised that on our next trip to New Orleans we would go there. We never got the chance to sample the food. On Feb 2nd I left a message for reservations on March 1st at 6:30PM. I received a phone call back confirming the reservation about a half hour later. When we arrived at the restaurant the doors were locked. My wife called and left a message and a short time later she got a call back. My wife was told that the restaurant had tried to call us back to let us know it would be closed but apparently all they had was my home number. I checked all incoming numbers to my home phone and none were from the restaurant, any area code near Louisiana nor any number we couldn't identify with.This reservation was made nearly a month ahead and there was plenty of time for notification. Fortunately, we were able to get into Dickie Brennan's and had a perfect dinner there.We walked in without a reservation (I guess it's customary to make one) and they were so nice and quickly set up a table for us and served us. I got the crab salad. It wasn't too filling, but it was fantastic. Highly recommended, if for the service alone.You know, I've worked in high pressure jobs, and I know working in a restaurant is right up there.  You have to deal with rude customers with a sense of entitlement, breakneck speed, kitchen mishaps and long, long hours.
So I can even understand when your house is mostly full and you see a party of four come in 30 minutes before close. You might have dreaded the idea of perhaps having to work longer and harder.  And it might have been a bad day.
But what you don't do is go up to them, ask their party size, then tell them "there's no room for you" and hand-flip them in a manner that can only be described as "Up Yours."  There was no mistaking your message, and I'm a forgiving guy.  You pissed off all of us for no good reason, and if you just didn't want us there, you could have simply politely said the kitchen couldn't take more orders, or even "there's no room", but with a modicum of courtesy.   We would have found a place open later, which we did.  
We were excited to come to your restaurant, but instead it became a problem.  With as many great places to eat in New Orleans, there's never a reason to darken your door ever again, and I'll gladly share this with anyone who listens.  I've had incredibly slow service, gotten sick at and have had drinks dumped on my head before in places that I got over and went back to because they were polite, had good food and gave a simple apology.
Louisiana Bistro sinks below the floorboards of any of these places.Great food, intimate experience, phenomenal staff. Was there in August and it was the best meal we had. The beggars purse was flaky and delicious. I'd go again just for that.I really wanted to like this place, but it unfortunately wasn't anything special. The service was good, and the food presentation was great, but the food wasn't impressive. My date and I ordered the pecan pesto shrimp with cheddar grits, followed by the crab cake, and finally the chicken creole. The shrimp were okay, but mainly just tasted oily in the pesto sauce with grits. The crab cake looked amazing, with the sweet corn and spicy chili drizzle, but the crab was dry and felt stringy. As for the chicken creole (with Andouille sausage), it was a bad dish. Maybe I just don't like creole, but I can't imagine why considering I love intensely flavored food along with loving heat in my food. The creole style tomato sauce is just overkill. It has way too many spices that just don't come together. Considering there are so many places to eat in New Orleans, I don't think I would go back. But, if I did, I would try the FEED ME option that so many reviewers rave about.Great place to eat somewhat away of the Bourbon street crowd.   The atmosphere is bistro-like, simple and clean.  Food is good and a little on a spicy side, but not too hot.  We ordered a couple of appetizers and one entree, but everybody is saying that "Feed me" is the way to go -- the chef cooks for you after asking you what you like and what you don't.  Feed me comes in three options: 3, 4, and 5 meal courses ($39/$49/$59), which include one entree and the appetizers (no dessert).  Wine list is not large but has some nice options and not very expensive.Great meal, but I left sick to my stomach.
 My party needed additional copies of our receipt for business purposes.  Even though our waiter was obviously busy, he very graciously took the (handwritten) receipt to make copies for us (we all got the Feed Me option, so it was just 6 x the prix fixe option.)  A few minutes later a woman (maybe a manager?) came over to our table, saying that it is completely unacceptable that we requested multiple checks, it was outlandish  and that this will never happen again.  Her tone was incredibly condescending, and she was making no effort to keep her voice down.  Our table kept our cool and calmly explained the situation need but she continued to speak to us like naughty children.  The best part is, halfway through her diatribe, our waiter came over with the copies he had made, as in, the grand feat she was going on about was already done.  
There are a ton of great places to eat in NOLA, do yourself a favor and visit an establishment that will serve you a great meal in a relaxing environment with the respect you deserve.  Louisiana Bistro is not it.The last time I was in New Orleans I ate here with a group of friends and had the "Feed Me."   I've mentioned it to many people in the last 5 years - we had a ridiculous course of Chicken Fried Filet Mignon.  It was so decadent and awesome.    
Isn't it great when you can just put your trust in someone and know you'll have an amazing experience / meal?
This time was just as awesome.  I'm glad I was able to convince my boss (and her boss!) that we should do the "Feed Me".  I was pretty hungry and in the end wish I would've done the 4 course option.  Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream with reduced balsamic chocolate sauce-   I'll definitely come back.Tiny restaurant a street from bourbon.  Incredible food.  First service was amazing.  We had a vegetarian in our group and the chef came out and asked him about his restrictions and would make a suprise dish.  Really cool.
As for my dish i started with the frog legs.  Perfectly fried.  Great crunch.  Sucked the meat of the bone.  For my entree i had the "dirty bird" which was a duck confit over rice with a mysterious goo.  Duck was cooked perfectly.  Best duck i've ever had.  I knew it the moment i cut into the skin and it made this beautiful crispy crunch noise.  Meat was juicy and delicate and the sweet goo matched perfectly with the dish.  My gf had the seafood couviane?  Or jambalaya type dish.  Rich tomato cajun sauce with rice and seafood.  Flavors were spot on and the fish and shrimp were cooked perfectly.  She ate the shrimp so i was left with the head.  But it had to be the best part.  It had the perfect blend of sauce and shrimp.  
Great experience.  If im ever back in new orleans this is one of my stopsI LOVE letting a good chef prepare what they are most proud of and seeing what transpires. And I am celiac, gluten free. Simply Wonderful at what they are trying to do. Small, intimate, personalized experience with outstanding food. Second meal here in the last year. Most recent with new chef and he was great. I had the 3 course meal. Requested slightly spicy, yet flavorful and it was magnificent. The last trip was raining and I couldn't talk my colleagues into walking so I went alone and simply enjoyed observing and simplicity. Can't recommend more highly.Service-Exceptonal.Party of 4.2 had Rabbit creole-plates came out steaming,rabbit very good with slightly spicy roux with lots of thyme.1 had just the salad with balsamic vinaigrette which was excellent.I had the bone-in pork chop witha red -eye gravy roux over diced sweet potato which was the bomb and a blue cheese salad which  was the best I ever had.Our waiter made cosmopolitans for my friend which were very good.My wife had aArgentinian red wine to go with her rabbit and I had an Abita amber beer to go with the pork chopHad the misfortune of trying LB and had one of the worst experiences. We (party of 5) had made reservations and when we arrived the waitress kept repeating that this was her weekend job and she was not sure of much of anything we asked her about!
One person in our group had severe nut allergy and the response was 'we cook everything in peanut oil' and 'I will see if the cook can do anything about it' . We asked to meet with the Chef and was told he was 'too busy' only to find that he was coming out to meet several other customers! 
The gumbo tasted 'bitter' and the vegetable dish could not even be tried as it was extremely spicy - both had to be sent back. On the positive side the lamb dish and ribs were good. Overall a pretty bad experience - would not recommend!Louisiana Bistro was a great introduction to NOLA. The space was quiet and romantic and the food was incredible! The pan-seared chicken had flavor that you just don't forget!We did the 5 course tasting menu.  New Chef, David.  It was delightful to see what he could whip up.  Good value, excellent choices.  We will be back.Went in at 9:00 on a Saturday just for apps (because honestly they have the most amazing BBQ shrimp in the city), we were told by the hostess to wait or come check back in a few as they were full but would have openings soon. Returned at 9:20 to see 2 empty tables.. but then a waiter came out and told us the chef was no longer seating people for the night. At 9:20 ON A SATURDAY!!! When their restaurant hours are clearly listed as being open until 10pm. What's the point of having amazing food if you are going to turn people away at the door? Frustrating and disappointingValentines day...in another country and city with no reservation. Would you panic?
Well we didn't because we are usually pretty lucky finding interesting places to eat. We were just returning to our hotel from a neighbourhood stroll when I spotted people waiting outside Louisiana Bistro for the 7pm open. I thought that was a good sign! I decided to wait there and see if I could get a table while the rest of the family went to the hotel to clean up. I spoke to the other customers and they were locals...another great sign! I managed to secure a table when they opened the front doors...
I would give this place another half star if Yelp allowed it...the only reason I didn't give it five is because I was very rudely told that if I didn't get my family there within 15 minutes I would lose my table. I almost reconsidered.
I'm glad I didn't. The food was top notch and we really enjoyed our servers company.
So much that I made a reservation for another visit right away.
We enjoyed the Crab Cake with Corn Maque choux, Boudin Balls, Dirty Bird, Creole Surf n Turf, Bourbon Float, Bread Pudding, Flourless Chocolate Cake, and Creole Cream Cheese Ice Cream.
On our second visit we were greeted as regulars and enjoyed another night of great food: New Orleans BBQ Shrimp, Crab and Asparagus Salad, Grilled Lamb au Poivre, Seafood Couvillion, and Drum Pontchartrain. It was ALL delicious.
And the cocktails are amazing!I have no idea in what alternate universe this is considered a good restaurant.
The unassuming facade and the slightly tattered awnings lured me into believing this was still an undiscovered treasure in the French Quarter. The small, plain tables with the old rickety chairs, and the short menu (which, by the way, does not match what they have posted online....except for the bp logo) had me convinced that I had just hit the dinner jackpot.
Then the food came out. Bland flavors, bland consistencies, bland presentation. Don't get me wrong, the dishes had more cayenne pepper than should be legal, but neither had a pinch of salt or depth of flavor. 
This is one instance where I cannot even begin to comprehend the 4 star average rating. Popeye's rice and beans have more character than the food served at Louisiana Bistro.
With all the dining options in New Orleans I can't imagine ever coming back to this place again, or recommending it to anyone.Walking in the French Quarter we stumbled upon this and thought it looked intriguing.  Later, searching on Yelp saw the comments confirming our suspicions of promising dining.  We showed up without reservations, were seated immediately on a Saturday night.  
The "feed me" menu was interesting, but we were not quite that hungry.  So ordered from the regular menu-  Creole Chicken and the Pork Chop. We were both very happy, but the pork chop was superb! It was thick and juicy with a wonderful grilled exterior all served on a bed of tasty crayfish jambalaya. It was perfect.  
The only negatives were the bus station behind my head, which the staff was attentive enough not to use while I dined, and the limited choice of wines by the glass.  But, by all means get to experience this when in New Orleans.Yum.  Got the Feed Me - my dinner companion can not eat seeds and nuts and the chef fully obliged us.  First course was the crawfish beignets, second course was the pepper encrusted swordfish, and third course was short ribs with sweet catchup based and vinegar mustard based barbecue sauces.  Dessert was an excellent cheescake ice cream and flourless chocolate torte.  With the ambiance to me this is a quintisensial NO place without being a tourist trap.  I would definitely go back and highly recommend this place!We had reservations for the first weekend of JazzFest.  Fortunately, I called to add people to our party and got a "this number has been disconnected." We walked by the restaurant and it seemed to be closed and shuttered us. So I guess it's out of business?Another reviewer who called this gem "hidden in plain sight" was right on the money.  You never eat in Times Square if you want good food in New York, right?  So how is it possible to find such an un-freaking-believable dinner spot around the corner from Bourbon Street in New Orleans??  Manfriend and I took a ten-day road trip from Denver to Washington DC and stopped at many places in the south. The meal we had at Louisiana Bistro topped every other meal of the trip. We walked in around 9:30pm and were lucky to get seated immediately even though you usually need reservations (it's very small).
We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes and the Crab Cakes, both bursting with spicy flavor.  The sweet corn maque choux on the crab cake was unlike anything I'd ever eaten before, sweet and spicy with an interesting texture.  I'm not a big jalapeno person, but the jalapeno hollandaise on the friend green tomatoes was wonderful.
For our entrees I had the crab and asparagus (again, the textures of this dish were as interesting and complementary as the flavors...crunchiness, softness, smoothness, tangyness, saltiness, sweetness...it's pretty much a party in your mouth).  My boyfriend got a seafood etoufee that was super shrimpy/crawfishy and covered in delicious red sauce (red sauce is the technical term for whatever that tomato-based soupy jambalaya liquid is, right?).
The topper was the cream cheese ice cream covered in strawberries and a balsamic glaze.  Weird and wonderful.  I wanted to take this chef with me on all my future travels.  If you are in New Orleans, save some of your cash for booze and spend it here instead.  You won't be disappointed.First time visiting the area.
Food:  I had the Chicken Creole, I could definitely taste the spices, just the way I like my food!  I thought the flavor was excellent.  Would highly recommend this dish.
The staff was very friendly, made me feel welcomed.
It is away from the craziness of Bourbon Street.  Nice place to relax.
I didn't think it was all that pricey, but might be used to California meal prices.  Oh, the coffee was real good!
I will be back!Not very happy. We planned one of our two nights in NOLA around dinner here. Made it to the restaurant 40 minutes before it closed only to be told since it was a Sunday night, and a little slow, they decided to close early. I'm sure the food is good, but I will avoid coming here in the future if they can't keep the hours they post. If I could give NO stars I would. Thanks for nothing.I really don't get it.  I took my family here with high expectations based on the great reviews on yelp and I wanted to love this place.  I am a confessed gourmet foodie and know my way around great meals.  It truly is all about the food. 
First, I was disappointed to find the menu item, dirty bird, had just sold out.  The Feed Me menu wasn't an option for me since I'm on a gluten free diet and my elderly mom is on a cardiac low salt diet.  Too many issues, ya know?  As it turned out my mom and s-i-l were very happy with an asparagus salad they ordered.  My brother ordered the lamb with grits...at least I THINK that's what the gummy salty mess was.  The lamb was gamey and overall the salt was overwhelming.  We were so horrified by the food  my brother and I tasted each others.
I ordered a special - a pork chop.  The chop was super thick and a bit burned on the outside.  But the real problem was how tough it was.  I should have been provided a hack saw.  The sweet potatoes...which I normally love...were so salty I couldn't eat them.  The red eye gravy was bitter AND salty.  What's up with all that salt?  Why don't you let people salt their own food rather than be so heavy handed?
I spent $200 on a meal I would give less than zero stars on if it were possible.  Maybe other entrees are fabulous but I can only speak to what I experienced.   My advice...go to Frenchmen's Street and try one of the eateries there.On a recent Saturday night I was able to obtain a last minute reservation at this quaint little jewel. The location on Dauphine is quiet and easily walkable in the French Quarter.
The dress code is open but the white linen table cloths and soft lighting cry out no shorts or flip fops. Eleven tables, 2 waiters and a full bar. They have a bread warmer in the dining room so your bread will be piping hot.
The "feed me" option is your best bet. You can choose 3-5 courses; the first is a starter and the subsequent courses will be entrees. 
1st course - Seared tuna (rare) on top of crabmeat and succotash. Asparagus on the side with a sriracha side swirl. 
2nd course - Quail on Louisiana sweet potato puree with smoky asparagus. Cane syrup sauce with a brown sugar sprinkle made me want to lick the plate. If my waiter didn't look so much like an English valet I might have. The sweet potatoes were awesome.
3rd course - Seafood boudin stuffing with pork. The boudin was terrific but the pork was a little dry.
4th course - Duck confit cooked with rendered bacon fat and figs on sweet potato reduction. 
5th course - garlic mashed potatoes with seared Angus steak, flash fried Brussel sprout leaves w/lemon (ethereal) and a Burgundy reduction sauce.
All courses were excellent and creative. Chef David delivered each course and was able to take the time to explain the dish. The smaller bistro allows him more time to interact. 
No room for dessert after the above courses. Plates are smaller so I recommend 4 or 5 courses.
Previous reviews have referenced other chefs so I almost passed on dining here. That would have been a mistake. Chef David is wonderful and runs an efficient, fun kitchen. 
Give this a try and let Chef David feed you.I'm not kidding when I say that this was one of, if not the best restaurant I have ever eaten at.  
I took my girlfriend to New Orleans for Valentine's Day weekend and I wanted to take her some place with really good Louisiana-style food, since she had never been to the South before.  After reading all the reviews, I figured this place had to be good....and the reviews were right.
When we first walked in, we were both a little taken back by the small size of the restaurant, but that just added to the ambiance and atmosphere.  The hospitality and friendliness were top notch.  It is a very romantic place that is nice and quiet, which adds a very intimate feel to the entire experience.  Our waiter was very helpful and kind and took the time to actually talk to us...and not just small talk either.  The chef was very cool and charismatic when he came out in talked to us.  He is very confident and knew that he was good, but he wasn't cocky...just right.  
And then there was the food.....UNBELIEVABLE!  Honestly, don't even look at the menu; just get the "Feed Me".  It is a 3 or 4 or 5 course meal that the chef creates just for you.  It definitely makes the experience adventurous, as you don't know what to expect.  But don't worry, the chef takes great care and pride in making the meal perfect for you.  Our first course were these amazing crawfish fritter things that were the perfect blend of Cajun/Creole flavor.  The second course was an incredible quail with some sweet potatoes....AMAZING.  We thought the next course was going to be dessert, but instead we were surprised with a wonderfully flavored leg of rabbit.  
This is an incredible restaurant that is a perfect place for a nice, romantic, fun evening.  The prices are very reasonable, especially for the unbelievable quality of food and experience.  The staff and chef were very caring and friendly.  We had an incredible time!  If you are in New Orleans, you have to eat here!  You will not be disappointed!!I found this restaurant while I was walking around the French Quarter and taking pictures of the area. I was taking a short break from a conference.   I was very pleased to find such a great bistro.   I ordered the "Tonight's Special" which was Andouille Sausage Jambalaya with smoked tomato sauce.  The entree was big enough to feed two people.  The flavorful shrimp was cooked perfectly.  The chopped sausage blended beautifully with the flavor of the shrimp, white fish, rice, and the out of this world tomato sauce.  I regret asking for the hot sauce because I did not need it.  The smoked tomato sauce and the seasonings were packed with spicy goodness.  It was so delicious that I finished most of the meal.  I wanted to take the rest of the food with me, but my small hotel fridge was already packed with other perishables.   The chef, server, and another server were very kind.  My server had a good sense of humor.  I dined a  little before 6:00 p.m. to beat the crowd.   The bistro is small but intimate.  The decor is simple but romantically dark.  The tables were small like the bistros in Paris.  Thank God, Louisiana Bistro changes its menu daily and it's not any where near the noisy places.  I will definitely dine at Louisiana Bistro again because of the great service and delicious food. Warning: The restroom is tiny but conveniently equipped with toilet paper and hand soap unlike some of the other restaurants.quite small.  about ten to twelve tables and only open for dinner.  not for kids but great for older more romantic intentions.  in a very quite area which is more residential.The food here is unforgettable. Everything and I mean everything will blow you away. The chef is out of this world with his dish presentation and thoughtfulness with ingredients and pairings. This is a MUST in NOLA. As compared to other fine dining establishments, we can always get reservations here much easier and in our opinion it costs less but you get so much more. I will admit the exterior and interior are quite run down-don't let this fool you. If you keep an open mind an focus on the food, you will experience something amazing. The first time we came be we almost walked out because the place looked a little intimidating but thankfully I trusted other yelp reviewers and we stayed. I can't even really write much about this place because it's something you just have to experience. Every single dish we've had has been very impressive. Every time we come to NOLA we make it a point to come here one night for dinner. My husband and I love that we can experience extremely fine dining without the hassles of other upscale restaurants- easy to get into, great service, no lines and no tie required. We've haven't done the Feed Me yet but have always been tempted because all the other customers we've seen get it, really seem to love it. The whole table has to participate in Feed Me and unfortunately there's always been someone at our table that was intimidated by it. Maybe one day soon I'll get to try this- it's a chance to let the chef create whatever masterpieces he wants for you!Great Service. Excellent Food. Make sure you try the fried green tomatoesOur favorite restaurant in New Orleans - best food and deal in town.  Excellent food, reasonably priced.  11 tables total.  Chef cooks local cuisine with love and passion - it shows.  Food is prepared to order, chef gives private touch by talking to most customers.  You will not regret eating here!  Only complaint is one of the staff smokes right outside the door and smoke enters restaurant.  A unique experience with food.this place is hidden in the French Quarter,  so small we passed it up walking, service was nice, food was great..Had the "Feed me" 3 course.. the chef comes out to your table and asks you what you dont like.. and whatever he thinks of , he'll make... it was a mystery surprise...  its not even on the menu what he made... pricey but worth every penny!It takes an amazing effort for me to be this fired up for a meal.  The "feed me" option on the menu is everything a foodie wants from a good chef.  I don't want some menu you came up with a year ago and your interns are bored of making.  I want to come in and have you show me you passion for cooking.  
So "feed me" is you picking 3, 4, or 5 small plates of the chefs choice - you don't know what you get until it arrives.  It combines what's fresh, his skill, and what direction his creativity is pointing at that moment.  I wasn't starving so I went with 3.  Before we started the chef came to the table and checked if we had any allergies, restrictions etc. and then after each dish he came back to discuss what we thought.  When do you ever get this at a restaurant?!  The food?  It was amazing.  If I lived here I would have my mail delivered here.
Look if you want a million dollar space, a green plastic drink, or the generic New Orleans classics - go somewhere else.  If you want an amazing meal, cooked by a passionate chef - this place can't be missed.I love this place! Trust the chef to prepare a four or five course selection for you, sit back and prepare to be delighteed.We tried the Feed Me Menu hoping to have an inspiring meal....We were the only two in the restaurant which encouraged us to feel the chef could really be adventurous.  Not so.  The three courses served were uninspired, flavorless, and boring.  Unfortunately, I heard the chef saying they were done for the night (at 7:30), and joking, could the four dishes be washed. We spent a lot of money for a dinner that makes me wish we spent it on a month of groceries.I went to the Louisiana Bistro on Lundi Gras for the second year in a row...and it was better than I remembered. We went with the chef recommended four course meal and were not disappointed. Eric clearly takes pride in his choices; the flavor and the presentation were quite impressive. And nothing beats the chef coming out to present his work. Great service, fantastic "off the beaten path" atmosphere...something I will look forward to for many Lundi Gras to come! 
Some of the highlights from both my visits are the quail served over bacon soaked greens, alligator wrapped asparagus, alligator gumbo, and a New Orleans style soda float with cream cheese ice cream (I did not know that existed!).
If I had to recommend one (ok two) things, it would have to be the craw fish beignet (literally the best thing I have ever eaten) and the pork stuffed pork (which probably has a classier name but Eric will know what you're talking about.There is a bit of culinary magic happening here. I had the special market fish of the day, Red Drum, cooked so exquisitely my jaw dropped. I don't review meals often, but this chef deserves credit for being able to create a nearly perfect plate of food.We finished the meal with the best crème brulé I have ever had, period. This was a happy find during our first visit to New Orleans!We eat here occasionally, as it is close by. Every time I do, I wonder why I don't eat here more often, as the food is exceptional. It is quiet, quaint and delicious. 
For starter, we had the fried green tomatoes, with shrimp, and soaked up the leftover sauce with honey-butter French bread. A taste treat enough to make a meal out of.
For the main course, I had the fresh speckled trout, Beth had the crabmeat salad, which left both of us completely satisfied.
Chef Brandon came out to check on us and make sure everything was fine. The service was very good, available when needed, but allowed us to enjoy our meal and conversation.
We will return and recommend others to do the same.This was the best meal I had in NoLa.  We went on a Sunday evening, after the Saints game.  I am nearly 100% positive that we were the only non-Orleanians there.  Excellent food and service.  The dirty duck was fantastic.  I loved the BBQ shrimp app and the great wine pricing.  A wonderful gem slightly off the beaten track in the French Quarter.What a wonderful experience tonight. When we walked in we were blown away by how quaint the setting was. The menu is small but has interesting choices for food, wine and beer. The staff was very attentive with great help to guide us to our choice. The chef did a incredible job blending flavors and perfectly prepared dishes. I would recommend the Bistro to anyone looking for quality food just a block off of Bourbon Street.Amazing small seating restaurant that's concerned about quality than pushing you out the door to turn the table.  Feed me option s are the best they have.Absolutely wonderful. What a meal/experience! I had read the reviews and found the consensus to be - order the "Feed Me" menu experience wherein the Chef comes and talks to you at the table and finds out a little bit about what you like, don't like - and then goes back to the kitchen to create a custom dining experience for you. The options are between 3, 4 and 5 course, with the price going up by $10 for each additional course. We settled on the 3 course - and I'm glad simply because I don't know how we could have eaten the 4 or 5 and the food was so good that it would be a shame to box it up as opposed to eating it right when it was prepared. 
At any rate, we had three items - two appetizers and an entree. The first appetizer was a Crawfish Beignet with a cajun spiced/Thai sort of sauce - that was really good although, by comparison, it was the "weaker" part of the menu - but even as the weaker part, beat the pants off the best parts of most other menus!
The next course was pan-seared, then slow roasted swordfish, on a bed of mustard greens and pot likker (sp?) sauce/au jus sort of base. 
Oh my gosh. For me, this was the best of the three. I have had swordfish before that was oily and very over-powering. This was delightful. It was tender, perfectly cooked all the way through, without being dry. The greens were the perfect combination and the flavors well complemented one another. And the finish? Piping hot pistolettes that you could use to sop up the sauce. Every bowl was bone dry at the end, leaving you wishing there was just a little bit more. Unbelievably good. One possible suggestion made by one of our party - cornbread to sop up the juices would have been even better. But take nothing away from the swordfish. It was fantastic. 
The third course was a 12 hour Braised Beef Short Rib on a bed of garlic mash and some other bits and pieces. Meat was extremely tender, melt-in-your-mouth good. I savored every bit. The malbec paired with it very well. 
One other comment on the drinks - My friends ordered Sazeracs - which is one of the test of "true" New Orleans restaurants - in my book - and all reported that they were very well made. 
The waiter was attentive, friendly without being intrusive. Very professional. 
Cannot recommend this place highly enough. Bring your friends here and you will be accused of possessing culinary genius....Dine here!  Great little place (10-12 tables) a little off the beaten path.  Close enough to Bourbon Street yet not one of those large noisy establishments.  Being from Florida my wife and I both like to try something from the seafood menu.  Ordering seafood can be chancy as it is easy to screw it up.   Not here, both meals were perfect.   Only negative, no table cloths.  I think fine dining requires table cloths.  So to sum it up; good food, good service, good everything and you don't have to put up with the crowds and mayhem of Bourbon Street.The Bistro is a cozy 12 table restaurant. Perfect! Not overly hungry we ordered appetizers: Fried Green Tomatoes (breading was light & crispy), BBQ Shrimp in a creole mustard aioli, and deep fried oysters with apple smoked bacon. Lord above. All the sauces were spot on, the presentations AND the chef (Chef jeremy) came out to describe each dish as it was served. Service was warm. Such a great find!Absolutely horrible experience. My GF is vegan and when we asked if they could accommodate her, the waiter assured her they would. She ordered a salad that normally came with a bacon vinaigrette dressing and simply asked that the chef substitute something else. She also ordered the Fried Green Tomato. We could hear the chef complaining about it to the point that we offered to pay for our drinks and leave. The waiter apologized and brought out the salad. Half way through, we realized the chef had put the bacon vinaigrette dressing on it! My GF became sick to her stomach and ran to the restroom. The waiter apologized and offered to comp the meal. When we went to leave, the waiter said that since I had eaten most of my dinner and finished our drinks, we had to pay for everything except the salad. Numerous calls to the owner have gone unreturned so this is my only recourse. The chef KNEW she was vegan and intentionally gave her a BACON topped salad. Simply unacceptable!This is a top top rated restaurant in New Orleans, and I wanted to come see for my self that all the fuss was about. After having dinner here I am happy to give it five starts, the service, the staff, and the ambiance of the restaurant get five starts the food is four stars. 
Our server was Justin, who clearly loves his job and it shows in his dedication, work ethic, knowledge of food, kind demeanour, and respectful nature. The cooks and other wait staff was all superb and collectively made our experience here a great one, thanks team! 
The food is authentic Creole and that is exactly what I was expecting, they have their on twist on the Gumbo but I enjoyed it. The pork, duck, and chicken where prepares using Creole species and sweets sauces. While I am not a fan of sweet sauces in meat they made them so well I enjoyed them. 
I definitely recommend this place and will be back!Hands down my favorite place that we dined during our 6 day trip to NOLA.
I was a little disappointed that my boyfriend wasn't interested in the "feed me 3 course option" because he is picky, but more than satisfied with what I ordered.  
Bread:  Was turned off that the bus person/server toasted the bread in a toaster oven and then touched with bare hands prior to serving.
Appetizer:  Crab cakes.  Does not come out in your typical cake style, but rather in a ball and was served with a corn relish type garnish.  Extremely delicious.
Entrees:  I ordered the pork chop.  It was tender, delicious and seasoned to perfection.  It was cooked almost to a medium well, which I was not aware you could do with pork but was delicious regardless.  Was served over a bed of rice with chorizo and shrimp.
My boyfriend ordered chicken jambalaya which was also tasty and delicious and a huge portion.  
I would recommend this location to anyone, it's very classy atmosphere with great service and delicious eats.A lucky stumble-upon. Friendly, intimate, charming, unpretentious, stellar lamb.
An absolute hidden treasure -- must!!Opted for feed me of course. Crawfish beignets, quail, and braised buffalo short rib. Yum.We think this is the best food and best deal in New Orleans - we ate there three times in one week, that should tell you something. The chef loves to cook and show off his talents - which are considerable. He has a "chef surprise" menu where he will prepare food to order - each table has a different menu. We had six meals over three days, all extremely flavorful, tasty, beautifully presented. Service is excellent, the staff is attentive and caring. If you do not like the dish the chef will fix it. For our money this is one of the best deals, if not the best food in New Orleans. Wine list is sparse, but does compliment the meals. Duck confit was outstanding. The tenderloin was incredible as was the jambalaya. Ambiance is minimal, but you go for the food, not the scenery.
My only complaint - the chef comes to each table which chooses the "chef's menu". He needs to work all the tables equally.I went to NOLA in 2010. 
This was one of the best, if not the best place I ate.
The bread was toasted the bread in a toaster oven. For the appetizer we had crab cakes.  My GF ordered the pork chop it was the best pork chop I ever tasted. I ordered the chicken jambalaya it was great and a  huge portion.  
It was small nice, clean and classy atmosphere. The staff was nice and a dog was even friends with the chef. He gave "Fido" some of his cooking. Don't worry it was done outside/This place is an undiscovered gem!  It's quiet and cozy despite being so close to Bourbon.  
As other reviewers suggest, the Feed Me option is the way to go.  I am a person whose friends say "eats like a kindergartener" - generally unadventurous and picky.  My husband hates cheese and won't touch it.  Thus, I was a little nervous about whether Chef Mars could make something we'd both like.  I shouldn't have.
First Course:  Crawfish beignets on beurre blanc with cayenne pepper sauce.  Delicious!  The cayenne pepper sauce was perfectly and sparingly applied to these hush puppy-like bites of heaven.  My husband: "I could eat 20 of these things!"
Second course: Black pepper quail on bacon-soaked greens with jalapeno-hollandaise sauce.  The bacon flavor seemed to seep into everything, making it extra-tasty but not at all greasy.  
Third course: Lamb tenderloin on blue crab etouffee.  This was my first taste of lamb, and it was exquisitely tender.  I didn't sample as much of the crab due to my full and happy tummy.
Dessert:  Flourless chocolate torte with raspberry sauce.  Rich and dense, it took all 3 of us to finish it.
Highly recommend!We happened upon this place as it was right next to our hotel.  We were pleasantly surprised by the Gumbo, and would go back just for that. 
It was quite pricy for our liking, so we didn't go with the "Feed me" option *(where the chef selects your meal), but were quite happy with the Fried Green Tomatoes (my first ever!), the blackened shrimp (intimidating but delicious) and the gumbo (the way gumbo should be made).
All in all , lovely romantic setting, fast friendly wait staff, and delicious (though a little too pricy) food.This is a tough call, but I am going to give the food 4 stars and the service 2 stars. This is going to be a long review, so grab a snack.
We made reservations here for a Friday night, because we were going to see a show at the Saenger and we wanted to eat somewhere close. We arrived a bit after our 7 o'clock reservation (the show was at 9:30) and were seated at a small table next to a wall. This wasn't a huge deal- at first. It kind of became a bit of an issue when a few minutes later a couple walked in with no reservation and were seated at a nice roomy table in the middle of the room. I get that they have to accommodate who comes in when and what's available, but it kind of bugged me because we were a little cramped.
When I was first seated I was given the menu along with a wine list. I then waited 10 minutes before I was asked if I wanted a drink. Our wine was brought out and a lump of butter on a plate was placed between us with zero explanation and zero bread. About 10 or 15 minutes later the waiter came back over and asked if we were ready to order. We ordered and I asked about bread. The waiter said, with a bit of attitude, "The bread is in the oven. It's coming." Well, thanks. Maybe mention that next time when you just abandon some butter on the table. The bread did eventually come and the one good thing about getting bread fresh from the oven- it's hot.
For our appetizer we got the Beggar's Purse, which is lump crab meat wrapped in a flaky pastry shell. It was nothing overly special, but I enjoyed it and it served as a nice start to the meal. For our entree we both got the Puppy Drum Pontchartrain which was drum topped with crab meat and served with mashed potatoes and asparagus. Again, this wasn't anything that blew my socks off, but the fish had a lot of flavor, the potatoes were creamy and the asparagus was crispy and added a nice touch. All in all I enjoyed the meal and I would recommend both of these dishes to anyone dining here.
After dinner, the waiter brought over a dessert menu and again disappeared for about 10 minutes. When he returned, he was going over the menu with us and explaining what was what when a large party walked in. The waiter literally stopped in the middle of his sentence, turned from us and walked over to the walk-in party and tended to them. He didn't give us an "Excuse me a moment" or a "I'll be right back" or anything. It was very strange. He walked off in the middle of the conversation. When he returned, we ordered the Bourbon Swamp Pop Martini Float and two Irish Coffees. After another long wait of probably 10 to 15 minutes, the float came out sans Irish Coffees. When we reminded the waiter of our order, he looked genuinely confused and said he would get them right away. "Right away" here is 5 minutes, so we were happy we didn't have to wait longer than that. 
The entire meal lasted 1 hour and 50 minutes. Look, I'm not an impatient person. I would be totally understanding if the place was packed (it wasn't) or if we didn't have a reservation (we did) or if the food was held up because we were chatting rather than eating. I would love to recommend this place to friends, but the service needs to pick up a bit of urgency. To leave people sitting and waiting, or walking off in the middle of a conversation to serve walk-ins, just makes people feel a bit insulted.
Cliff's: good food, slow service, stop in if you aren't in a rush.Ugh! Feed Me? Just do it!  You're in New Orleans, you're going to spend some money, so just live a little!
My buddy & I did just so after hearing rave reviews from folks walking out of the restaurant.  Several other tables did the same and the menus varied from quail, buffalo short ribs, andouille-spiced Mahi-Mahi, crawfish, beignets, and other wonders of New Orleans chef-fed cooking.
The chef was personable and spoke to every course (three, four, or five course options are available starting at $49.95.).  And don't worry, you get three full courses with the three course option (no dessert).
The staff is perfect, humble, friendly, and they go out of their way to make the experience feel special even though they probably do the same thing for everybody.  
Go, go often, and expect to wait.  It's a tiny joint, like all good New Orleans restaurants are, and if they wait is long, grab a glass of wine and sit outside on one of two benches and watch the folks pass who will never quite understand the culinary wonders on the inside of Louisiana Bistro.Service - Superb.  The chef introduced himself to every table that ordered the Feed Me, asked us for our preference and then came out before every course to introduce it.   Great touch.
Reservations - I think the owner prefers it but not needed.  Place was never busy.
Environment - Dark, very quiet.  Only two tables had window view.
Food - Three Course Feed Me Plus Dessert.  Regardless of what you pick, there is only one main course.  The rest are starters.  We were stuffed with only three courses.
1. Complimentary Bread and Butter - Soft warm rolls.  Bland but the butter was very good.
1. Fried Oysters - 6+ oysters.  Very fresh and the cornmeal batter was incredibly light.   Fried very well with crispy shell and juicy middle.   Did not taste fishy.  Sauce needed a bit of salt.
2.  Alligator Gumbo - Taste like sausage!  Again, needed a bit of salt. Very peppery and a bit bland.  Least favorite dish.
3.  Stuffed Pork Chop with Cheese Grits - I was very happy when pork chops came out since that was one of the items on the menu that got rave reviews.  Two one inch cut of pork chops stuffed with boudin and sausage on top of cheese grits and a sweet and sour BBQ sauce.  Pork chops were moist, stuffing was to die for.  Cheese grits were seasoned well.  BBQ sauce provided the extra salty kick needed. 
4. Cream Cheese Ice Cream with Balsamic Chocolate Sauce - Interesting flavors.  You could definitely taste the cream cheese and the balsamic vinaigrette.  I didn't think the combination paired well.  Fresh strawberries added a nice palette cleansing.
5. White Chocolate Bread Pudding - Of all the bread pudding I had in NOLA, this was my favorite!  Moist and not overly sweet.  Wasn't overpowered by cinnamon and had no raisins.  Came out piping hot and topped with fresh strawberries as well.I had a great meal--blue crab gumbo, an incredible pork chop with red eye gravy, and an ice cream with strawberries and a balsamic reduction. It was all top notch.We ate here next night after arriving from Chicago, and we had a very pleasant experience.  The food was fantastic.  I am allergic to mercury, and of course the chef was very information on what is the best dish available, as well as had great knowledge of allergies in sea food.  Besides that, this really is a small, intimate place, and definitely not a chain type feel.  One of the best spots in the French Quarters as far as food goes for me!!I have no idea was this place has 5 stars. 
I was not impressed by any means.
When we got there the staff was rude---like they were going out of their way to serve us--and the place was empty!
The food was tolerable-nothing fantastic-definitely not worth 5 stars.
We started with the fried frog legs. I had never had them before so-why not? I'll try anything once (well, almost anything) 
That being said--I will not order them again. Way too much breading and grease. 
I had the crab and asparagus salad as my entree. The crab was good, but the salad was very small and definitely not worth the price. I was still hungry after I ate my salad--that never happens. I always have leftovers.
My boyfriend had the steak special--not impressed. The steak was average at best.
All in all is was extremely disappointed and I would not go back again.
My recommendation--find another place to eat.We ordered the surf and turf, as well as the pork chops. They were sooo delicious. We love the restaurant's style of  cooking. My steak was tender and the crawfish was creole spicy. The combination with their mashed potatoes was terrific. My husband got the pork chops and it was juicy and succulent. It was served with a sweet potato hash covered in flavorful gravy. The bistro is small- 8 tables only and the menu is limited. But what they do have, they do well.We went there with great anticipation, seeing the good reviews that this place had. Unfortunately, the experience was not so great for us. Having selected the "Feed Me" option, it turns out that the chef was not really interested in what we felt like but rather in whatever he felt like cooking at the time, regardless of patron. He was condescending when told why we felt like eating, saying that "we are completely missing the point". Well thank you, it's a chef's mercy option, however, it would not have killed him to hear us out.
That attitude as well as a really poor quality Tempranillo by the glass and the final bill for a mediocre dinner which neither of us enjoyed, leads me to award it a one star. I will never be going here again.We hear every single time we go to New Orleans every year. Every time we hear the food is fantastic. This is a very small restaurant with limited seating so make a reservation. My husband usually gets the chef creation of the day. We love the food here it's small and comfortable.It was not crowded on a Wednesday night with only four tables with guests, so walking in without reservations was easy.  It is a relaxing atmosphere and a table for one with a window view was requested.  The menu was traditional fare for NOLA, but the seafood gumbo was just average.  A bit of honey in the butter was a nice touch to piping hot crusty bread.  The filet with crab meat, asparagus and side of béarnaise was perfectly cooked to medium and served on top of mashed potatoes that were a bit grainy.  Two glasses of wine completed a meal that certainly satisfied my appetite, but the $96 tab after tip left me wondering how this place can compete with a plethora of restaurants with much more flair and equally good food.This restaurant was recommended by some friends and it did not disappoint. The four of us ordered Feed Me, which basically is the Chefs choice. Everything was cooked to perfection, Chef David was greatAll of the yelp reviews were helpful in narrowing down the choice for Louisiana Bistro for our anniversary dinner last night - thanks!  Restaurant didn't disappoint.  Of course we went with the Feed Me/ 3 course meal at $49 per person.  What I loved is that several tables around us also selected the Feed Me option and were served totally different dishes.  I think we got lucky - fried frog legs in a divine sauce, gigantic Cajun shrimp with grits, and a rarely served chicken fried steak over whipped sweet potatoes and asparagus spears.  Favorite was the frog legs - what a treat!  We splurged on the cream cheese ice cream balsamic drizzle.  This is a meal we'll remember.  Don't be shy about telling Chef Mars if there's something you prefer not to eat.  I saw rabbit was on the menu and told him I'm not a fan.  He rolled his eyes at bit in jest but honored by request to keep the rabbit away.  Next table got quail and one women refused to even taste it - really?We had the 'Feed Me' experience and it was good - starts at $49/3 courses and an additional $10/course after. Shrimp and grits was great and the chicken fried filet mignon was quite good.I had the feed me menu, which was excellent. Frog legs, redfish, and rabbit were all well prepared and presented, and the chef came out to explain each course. 
The ambience is great, and the greeter is a charming man with impeccable manners. My waiter seemed a touch disengaged or annoyed or something. He wasn't rude, exactly, just a little off somehow. 
This place is pricy but worth the expense, IMO.GO TO THIS RESTAURANT AS OFTEN AS YOU CAN
I made reservations well in advance at this restaurant for a table of four, and let it be known that we'd likely be interested in the "chef's feed me" option for dinner.
On the night we dined, the restaurant was only about 1/3rd full, which surprised me given the fact that it's known to be crowded. That being said, New Orleans was overrun that same night with people in town for a football game who, by all visual accounts, were much more interested in cruising Bourbon Street rather than hitting tony restaurants. 
We found the waiter to be very efficient and eager to help, yet not at all interested in pestering us about one thing or another. He had a sense of what we needed, and when we needed it, and otherwise left us alone. 
The feed me experience is definitely the way to go, especially after one gets a glimpse at the unimpressive menu (sorry Chef, but it's  a weak set of options). It seems that the chef is mostly encouraging the customized dinner, which is just fine by me, because that's what I was expecting to enjoy all along.
And enjoy we did. We chose the four-course option and made gluttons of ourselves. The courses included... 
Crawfish beignets (apparently served regularly as part of the chef's dinners)
A slap-yo-mama speckled trout with a light dusting of basil and crumbs with a muniere sauce. 
Grilled quail on a bed of stewed greens with pot likker (I don't care what you think, if you were raised country like me, you too would have been turning the bowl upside down to finish every drop). This was astonishingly good.
Creole braised rabbit, rich with tomato and succulent at every bite. A hearty coup de grace when we honestly didn't expect yet another dish so rich. 
At each course, the chef came out to describe the concoction for us. I also asked that he recommend some glass of house wine to accompany the meal, which he did to my satisfaction.
My companions went on to enjoy desserts of bread pudding and chocolate cake, but I couldn't eat another bite. Rather, I enjoyed a brandy and some coffee and started thinking about when I possibly could visit this gem of a restaurant again very soon.This is the #1 restaurant I recommend to people eating in New Orleans.   The ribs ruined me for all other ribs.  Chef"s Choice fixed menu worth the risk, and you are guaranteed to taste something new to your tongue.We had a four course meal prepared by Jeremy Wells. Excellent! My favorite, and first time trying, was scallops. It had a sweet spicy cream sauce that complimented perfectly. The last course was a steak filet that was my husbands favorite. I love the personal touch of a chef preparing a meal for you. Step out of your box and try.