I am so happy this gem is in the neighborhood! Each time I go in, I am amazed at how I can't decide what I want to eat because everything sounds so good. The burrata caprese is out of this world! One day I hope to wake up early enough to try breakfast too.HEALTHY DELICIOUS FOOD IS HERE PEOPLE!!! We decided to try this place because it was very conveniently located near our hotel... it was a 2 minute walk! We really wanted a healthy breakfast since most food in New Orleans is heavy and unhealthy. This place had really delicious, fresh, and healthy food for us to enjoy! Service was friendly and quick as well. Try the salmon bagel with scallion cream cheese and avocado. Will be back!I work in the building, and love coming downstairs to get a coffee or a quick meal. Everything is absolutely delicious and fresh. One review mentioned that they run out of menu items frequently--that's because it's so dang good! When I'm on the run, I always get a latte and a bagel with the blueberry cream cheese. The banana toast is also to die for.I hate to do this...but since we've been working in this building for 3 years, I've tried to give G.O. and now Louise so many chances.  I truly hope they get it together, because I like the owners and it's family-run.  But come on. 
Consistently, they are out of menu items, their staff is surly, and now the quality of food seems to be taking a serious turn.  
A few weeks ago, I was in a hurry to ordered a curry samosa from the case.  I took it upstairs to eat, and not only was it cold, to the point that it seemed partially frozen, but it had 0 flavor.  
Today, I ordered the Cobb salad, one that I've ordered many times and have been very happy with.  The chicken is petrified!  Completely dry, hard, doesn't appear to have been cooked in house, as it was in the past.  There are just 4 small pieces (which is fine for me, since it's inedible).  Typically, having worked in the service industry, I'd resort to speaking with them directly about the issues.  But given the way that I've and my coworkers have experience resolutions with their staff, I have gone this route. 
Truly, I had hoped and still do hope that Louise would be an improvement from G.O., and I appreciate the attempt at healthy and affordable options in the CBD.New brunch and lunch spot in the CBD with great cocktails!  Came for brunch with friends and had a blast.I ate at Louise for breakfast and lunch. Both were excellent. 
I had avocado toast with egg for breakfast and it was very fresh and a good portion. My poached egg had whites more runny than I like but that's on me - I should have said that as I think it's the standard for poached eggs - just let them know and I'm sure they would make as you like. 
The KMA salad with the chicken curry was simply outstanding. I love a good salad, but I don't love kale. This salad could make me love kale. The vinaigrette/mango/goat cheese/curry combo just works so well. It's a very filling salad.Awesome sandwiches right next to our hotel, thought we were going to go hungry bf our concert but we popped in here and I'm glad we did.Thank you to whoever just made this salmon bacon sandwich. It was the bomb, I will be back soon.Louise has become part of my daily routine. A great breakfast selection and a friendly staff. I also love their happy hour. The bartender makes great cocktails and it's really the only place I have found in the CBD where you can get a great cocktail and not pay an insane amount. A great place to go whether you are a local like myself or just in town visiting!They have great food if they can get your order right which in my case this is second time they have messed up the order. Both times were during breakfasts. The lunch menu  is really diverse I like the salmon salad and the rice bowl5 stars for actually have healthy tasty food close to the quarter....nearly impossible. I come here once a month and finding a decent salad/healthy breakfast is difficult! Been here 3 times and I love the salads especially the curry chicken. Just had the breakfast bowl with a poached egg, pretty damn good way to start the day!!I am so happy to find this gem! Great options for veggie peoples and all around! Wonderful and friendly service, my experience was great. Thanks for a wonderful lunch.Louise is a nice trendy and modern restaurant with a bar that serves healthy foods.  Breakfast is served until 11 a.m. but after bar hopping, drinking and eating the fried, tasty southern foods. I didn't quite make it (lol) I needed to detox, so I went to Louise and ordered the rice bowl with grilled chicken, brown rice, sweet potatoes, avacado, sauteed onions and a greek yogurt with fresh bluberries, strawberries and homemade granola.  The prices are very reasonable for healthy food.  The restaurant is located in the business district not far off Canal near the high end hotels and stores nearby.  It's within walking district from the French quarter.  Avacado toast is served for breakfast which I was hoping to have (didn't make it as I mentioned), but I was overall happy with the quality of food here. Service was good and the restaurant and bar itself is modern, clean and nice.Amazing food! Great service. Really reasonable prices.  Super good downtown location. My fiance and I went here for lunch.  I got the New Orleans classic, Red Beans and Rice with Andouille sausage. SO GOOD and a really generous serving. The sausage was amazing. My Fiance got The Italian Sandwich with proscuitto, sopressata, and burrata cheese.  It was fantastic.  Really looking forward to coming back to try the breakfast menu!  They have really good espresso and coffee drinks as well. Good place to hang too.Louise is an awesome CBD find!!! The food is delicious, made with high quality ingredients and reasonably priced. Delicious coffee from French Truck Coffee and excellent cocktails and bites for happy hour! Today I had their Italian sandwich which came with generous portions of succulent burrata and a light and tasty side salad. I can't wait to come back to sample more of the menu!Swung by after a workout while on travel. Very chill spot and the breakfast sandwiches are delicious!!I was begging for a good coffee shop to pop up around my building and FINALLY one did. This place is the best; friendly staff, really good food, and great cocktails! I grab breakfast here every morning and sometimes even lunch. I just wish they were open on the weekends !Great reviews on yelp and the place looked nice. Unfortunately, the hot breakfast wasn't so hot. The food (eggs, potatoes and grits) was served cold.This place is happening. Owners are super cool and nice. Get there now before it becomes too popular to find a table.Amazing lox bagel, really affordable prices! If I'm being picky I'd say there was too much cheese on the bagel and dressing on the salad. But such a great place for lunch, will definitely come back!I love the happy hour! 3-6pm it's a rolling happy hour- drinks start at $3 at 3pm, $4 at 4pm etc. Shaggy the bartender is great. Try the aviation or the Moscow mule. But really you can't go wrong!! The food is great too. We've been for brunch, lunch, and dinner and everything in between. The caponata open faced sandwich is delicious. Try it!!Had their special feud chicken BLT,
It was good unfortunately a bit over fried, however we also ordered the deli club, that was a very good sandwich. May change their rating, we missed their breakfast menu and it looks impressive, will try again tomorrow. The ambiance was really nice, staff was friendly.Stopped in for breakfast food was better quality than most nearby clean and upbeat atmosphere. Tried to go back Saturday morning but they were closed?I ate here for breakfast. The breakfast options are great. Items that were ordered were the breakfast sandwich and the avocado toast. Both were very delicious. The staff were very friendly and service was great. Worth going to for a great bite to eat.Hands down the most delicious avocado toast I've ever had... Loved the addition of feta/spinach cream cheese! Service was friendly & accommodating.The food is incredible. Definitely try the burrata caprese. If you're gonna have breakfast (before 11am) get the rice bowl. It never fails to impress. 
Want a drink? The bartender, Ryan, is awesome. Ask for a custom drink. He'll ask what you like and make accordingly. Personally, I get the Brandy 75 during the rolling happy hour and it does the job and is delicious. 
Louise is close, quick and convenient. I love it.This place is the SLOWEST restaurant I have ever seen, 10 minute wait for a bowl of soup to go!!Meh. I mean meh. It was pretty empty when we went. The portions are smallllll and pricey for what you get. A breakfast burrito is $10 and so small. No potatoes no real side. The French toast was undercooked and raw in the middle. Overall I think they've got a lotta work to do, especially since they took over Cake Cafe which had epic breakfastCute and clean spot in the CBD. Lovely staff with cool music. Best salmon bagel I've had in a long while.Just got into NOLA right around the way from our hotel. Didn't know but the had 20 minutes until closing. They were extremely hospitable. My daughter and I split the Italian sandwich. Graciously brought out on 2 plates it was delicious. Hubs had the Cobb I tasted it and it was really good as well. Some nights they do pop ups and feature different foods and wines.This place would've gotten 4 stars had it not been for the drinks. We went during happy hour, where my dad and boyfriend both got Moscow Mules. My dad is a huge Moscow Mule guy, and he said that there wasn't enough ginger beer, so it ended up just tasting like a vodka-lime drink. My mom got a gin and tonic, which wasn't on the happy hour menu, so it was $8 as opposed to $4. They put so much ice in her small glass it was ridiculous. For how much they charged, there should've been more alcohol and less ice.
The food, on the other hand, was really good. We went when they were serving their evening menu, which only had 3 items on it. We ended up trying all 3- the banh mi, kale mango salad, and eggplant dish (can't remember the name of it for the life of me). While I didn't eat the banh mi, the general consensus was that it was good, maybe not super authentic though. The eggplant dish that I got was like a sort of bruschetta, and it was seasoned really nicely. And then the kale mango salad tasted super fresh and also got goat cheese, avocado, and walnuts. It was a mix of kale and mixed greens, which was nice so that the kale wasn't overpowering. My mom said it was the best kale salad she's ever had out to eat. 
I'd probably go back if I was around the area to try food from their other menus, because some of the other dishes looked really good!Our food and service were excellent. We came in around 10am on a Tuesday on our vacation in New Orleans. My husband ordered the banana toast and the chef discovered they had no bananas. Hubby says you have any other fruit? Chef says yes mangoes. So the chef makes a variant on the Banana Toast using a combination of banana bread, almond butter, mango almonds and yes bacon!!! Delish! I had the avocado toast with whole grain bread, some spread, avocado of course, arugula I think and radishes.. in a word amazing. I had a tasty vanilla latte and hubby had orange juice.
Loved this place - quaint and delicious!This review is based off my experience with the rude male cashier (glasses). I come here pretty often for Breakfast & Lunch (3x week) 
Every time I spot by the cashier that is disheveled, and rude. I've met the Management before and she is extremely kind and welcoming but I would highly advance they retrain or fire this worker. 
The food is good for what it's worth but management please make the needed adjustment.
Examples: 
1. Mixed dark and medium roast coffee because they were low on dark 
2. Somehow can never manage to offer a bag to carry food in 
3. RudeSupposedly open today. It is Saturday October 6th at 9:30am. Yelp and Google both show it being open. No sign on the door stating they are closed today. Nothing worse than walking 2 hot miles to find the place closed.Overall, a good breakfast place with healthy, fresh food. Place was clean. Staff was very friendly. I had a breakfast sandwich - egg, cheddar, avocado, and bacon on multigrain brain. You can customize your sandwich with your choice of meat (if any) and bread. It was good, but didn't have a lot of flavor (maybe it was what I got) and the only sauce available was hot sauce so couldn't add much flavor unless I wanted to make it spicy. Bagels looked good but didn't try any. My husband had a breakfast burrito and he says it was pretty tasty. We also both got coffee, which was very good and smooth! Altogether the bill was ~$30. It was good, but probably wouldn't be rushing back to go again.Great spot for brunch. We had Cobb salad and French toast with side of bacon. Perfect combo. 
I didn't know the Macchiato is tiny cup but every sip worth it. 
Ordered black coffee after and also very fresh!This place was delicious! I got the kale, mango, avocado salad and added the chicken. The chicken was SO good! Staff was kind and helpful as well. FYI, unless I missed something, I don't think the menus pictured are up to date. Still worth your timeFor being so darn simple (eggs, cheddar cheese, potatoes, and fresh salsa), the breakfast burrito HITS the spot. I regularly order from Uber EATs, however I did stop in once and loved the ambiance of the cafe. I will certainly try the eggs burrata one day, but it will be difficult to rip myself away from that breakfast burrito goodness. As for lunch, the sandwiches are simple but fresh, although a *tad* overpriced.Excellent choices for breakfast and brunch and everything is delicious. We had the oat meal, burrata eggs and banana bread. Will definitely come back!I stopped in Louise hoping it was related to the bakery that had been there for years but sadly, it wasn't. The staff was friendly and accommodated my cash only Option (only had cash after a run). I ordered the deluxe breakfast sandwich which included eggs, bacon, cheese and croissant. It was good mainly because the croissant was incredible. The eggs were scrambled perfectly and piping hot. The bacon was thin and a bit undercooked. Overall, it was a good sandwich for breakfast but the content didn't outshine the croissant. I also had a mochachino that was amazing!  I'll be back to try other options and I am very pleased someone took over the location.The happy hour here is fantastic and it's handcrafted cocktails, so a definite win-win! We came back here 2-3 times in our 72 hour trip to NOLA.Visiting from California and we looked for a breakfast place our first morning out from the Hotel. Louise Restaurant was a great experience, had awesome food , and we had a lovely, very helpful waitress!I stopped in here for a quick lunch during a recent business trip. I had walked past this place a few times and it looked like a place that would have some healthy options. I was correct. I went up to the counter to check out the menu and was very happy to see avocado toast. So I ordered that and a chai latte. The toast had avocado, radishes and sprouts. The bread was toasted and firm enough. (I can't stand when I get soggy bread when I order avocado toast.) The staff was friendly and it was nice to sit and look outside.Louise is in my office building so I often go down in the mornings for a sausage biscuit with some of their homemade jam. My favorite jam so far is hands down the pineapple. The only other things I've ordered have been a taco salad and a double chocolate chip cookie, which cost me $17 together. A little pricey for a salad. Especially when I could barely chew through the meat in the salad. The beef was a terrible quality. Bite after bite I was having to take unchewable gristle out of my mouth. About half of the meat was gristle and was left by the time I gave up on eating the salad. I got so tired of chewing on and removing gristle that I threw it away. Other than that, it would've been a great salad. The cilantro sour cream on top was good. The tortilla strips were crispy. There were nice chunks of fresh avocado. I'd asked for salsa, which would've made it way better but it was left off. I'll have to explore more of the menu but that ground beef incident has ruined the taco salad for me.This establishment harassed my boyfriend for eating a bagel that he bought from them at their outdoor seating area. The manager (a short blonde female) was very rude and although he had purchased his food at Louise, she made him leave to eat his bagel. This seems illegal and discriminatory.Great new breakfast/ lunch or brunch place. A happy fill where a another great restaurant "CAKE" used to at this location. I recommend everyone come on down and say hello a staff and chef at Louise deli cafe and bakery. I had the breakfast sammie with sausage. The cook on the egg was just as I like just a little moisture and perfect texture. My wife had burrata eggs and she said it was delicious. I also had a cortado coffee which was a nice spin on a macchiato with more creme. I recommend this cafe hole heartedly.We were craving salad and found this place on Yelp and the menu had quite a few options so we headed over. Got there and were a little disappointed because there were only 2 salad options on the menu after seeing 4-5 online. We each got one of the two offered. Mine was mango, kale, avocado with goat cheese. It was good and the mango was very nicely ripe. They were out of avocado but I still decided to get it and they ended up running to get more so I could still have all the ingredients. Bf had the kale Caesar with grilled chicken and really liked it. By adding chicken though he ended up with a $15 salad which was a bit much. 
Bottom line: it served our salad craving and I'd try it again post Covid to see some of the other salad options from the menu on Yelp.This is my neighborhood breakfast spot. Which sucks because the service is so bad I'll never go back. Don't wait on you, don't bring half your order, don't apologize or try to make it up to you. (I don't need my appetizer once I've finished my meal, no apology). Ask for bacon extra crispy and it comes practically raw....you start to get the paranoid feeling that they are trying to make this the worst possible experience, right?
Food was mediocre at best too. Stale biscuit. Kinda ruined my Sunday. Get servers who remotely care.Just found this place a couple weeks ago and happy I did, being retired I enjoy coffee shops in morning to read and maybe eat with my coffee and this is perfect.  Bright and clean with a friendly staff right in the CBD but not in middle of all the activity.  Avocado Toast was very good and so was coffee , they also do light lunch with salads and sandwiches  and have bar for wine, beer and cocktails.The space was cute (we sat outside) and the service was friendly, but the portions were small and expensive. I got a smoked salmon sandwich with cream cheese for $12. It didn't come with a side salad or fruit or anything, just a bagel on a plate with no garnish. My friend got a slice of banana bread with bananas on it for $7 and was disappointed on the size. I'm a local and I'll  try it again A different time. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.I got the Deli Club (turkey, bacon, avocado, cheddar, dijonnaise, sprouts on whole grain bread) which comes with a side of salad and was extremely satisfied!  There's a healthy amount of turkey on the sandwich and the side of salad was simple but hit the spot.  They have rice bowls and other delicious sandwiches that I didn't get to try.  The restaurant was charming and had a modern farmhouse feel to it.  Hope was behind the counter and was super helpful and friendly.  I will definitely go back next time I'm in NOLA!This is one of the places where I want to be selfish and not post a review so I can keep it to myself. But I want this place to be successful so I'll put my selfish needs aside and let everyone know how awesome this place it!
The people that work here are so kind and lovely! They give great recommendations for food and everything I've had here was delicious! I love the caprese sandwich with prosciutto and side salad. My girlfriends like the huge salads with tasty chicken.
Their desserts are delicious too. I've shared the huge chocolate chip cookie with a girlfriend and it was delicious!
I just wish it was open for dinner!
Happy eating!