Great locals spot. Nice to have an evening off of Bourbon or Frenchman St. Its a dive bar, with character. Live bands, laundry, pool tables what more can you ask for. We didnt try the food but I am sure its delicious. Make sure to give Kevan the bartender a highfive. He is the shizzle!!!!Went here looking for a casual time with a cold drink & some laughs at whomever decided to sing at Karaoke Night. 
Well, nobody got up to volunteer to sing. But the beer selection was great, the fries were delightfully seasoned, the chicken nuggets were better than Micky-D's and the bartender made us giggle with her facial expressions at an extra talkative regular customer in-her-cups. I liked the diversity of the folks who came through. We weren't sure the regulars would be nice to us tourists, but they really were on the 'who-cares-where-you're-from mode' & left us alone to just chillax, drank & watch the tv's. 
We didn't do any laundry, but I could totally see myself doing so, and the pool table in the back was free to play. Bathrooms were decent. Everything/everyone in the place & on the porch looked like it/they had a story, and would be the start of many more. It's not glamorous but for a cold drink and a listen in on some interesting hood conversation this is your place.Lucky's is a great neighborhood bar.  The staff is tolerant of your nonsense, but not to the point where you're allowed to abuse other patrons.  I like that in a bar.Contrary to what I've heard about Lucky's, the experience that I had with my friends in this establish was horrible. The wait for someone to even acknowledge us at the bar exceeded 25 minutes, even after speaking with the cook first. The atmosphere was not inviting at all...I will not return.Lucky's is a nice place on St. Charles with a nice bar and friendly staff.  The bar food is prettty decent too, though nothing special.  Good place to watch sports on TV.Its a 24 hour bar that I've actually NEVER had a drink in... I might go so far as to say its the ONLY 24 hour bar in the Garden District/Uptown that I haven't had a drink in.  I've walked inside this place a few times but I've never been motivated to stay as it smells funny on top of being very smokey.  My last visit here was when I was coming out of New York Pizza after eating a slice and a woman begged me for a ride to Lucky's but upon entering my car she reeked of crack, meth, or some combination of strong chemical odors and was obviously on some type of illegal substances.  I dropped her off at Lucky's and escaped as rapidly as possible.  No good deed goes unpunished ya know!I love going here and grabbing a beer or two after work. And who doesn't love a bar that you can also do your laundry in? However I'm partial to having my clothes not smell like cigarette smoke but its rare to find a bar in NOLA that you can't smoke in. 
It's open 24 hrs which is awesome because there are nights I get off work at 2 or 3am and am in desperate need of a good drink. 
It's a small bar and they have live music however because its so small it's hard to sit and have a conversation when there is a band playing. Not that I'm not for live music, I love it, but I look at Luckys as more of a place to hang out and grab a drink with friends than to watch a band play. 
All and all its a chill spot to hit up.This is a fine example of the quintessential New Orleans dive bar. Open 24/7. Dim interior with worn wooden furnishings, still, not as dirty as one might expect. Don't look for highbrow cocktails here; this is a working man's establishment.  Good burgers and tots is about your choice in dining. Friendly, a little bit on the kooky side. Clientele is on the tattoed side of the tracks. Yuppies need not apply.This is not a place for the polite. This is not a place to schmooz. This is a place to get wasted and listen to punk rock because life is too short to be bougee all the time. I guess if you want to hang here and talk about TV shows, its a normal spot. Otherwise, the bathroom is grimy--like Rick Grimes covered in zombie parts in season 1 grimy. The food is like "well, whatever, here's a fridge, there's a stove, and there's a deep-fryer, so lets take this half of the stuff in the fridge and put it on the stove, and the other half, lets put that in the deep fryer, then drop in a styrofoam box...screw it just hand them some food, they're drunk, they'll eat it".
And that's not a bad thing. That's the best thing ever sometimes. Almost always, actually, if you drink as often as I do. SO KUDOS TO THE BEST DAMN DIVE BAR ON THE AVENUE!
Get dirty on down in the dirty dirty, da big sleazy. There's a side of this gritty city that you'll never see, don't want to see, can't see. You gotta experience it. You know, its that feeling when DirtyRice walks on stage and the crowd goes nuts over an acoustic rendition of "Shine on You Crazy Diamond". 
ok...so out-a-towners beware, this place obviously makes all the money its needs to in order to have a profit for the whole year during the two weeks of Mardi Gras. After that, they just wing it for 11 months. Because, locals will show up eventually to drown away their anxieties, like not making any money, and living with the fear that someone is going to go AWOL around the corner, because that happens here, tourists, I'm talking to you, that does happen. 
Open Mic Thursday nights, WOO HOO! That's what's up guys. This city has so much talent, and so much unexplored talent that's waiting to get some exposure, maybe meet the Simon to their Garfunkle, their Crosby to their Nash and Steele and Young, their Kanye to Paul Simon...Establishments like this help keep the raw music life alive! Its a bar that can only be lived, and not understood. Its quintessential. Its a cultural icon. A beacon of hope. Play live music here, and maybe get Lucky, and get discovered...The bartendress was very sweet, and funny and personable.  How she put up with the two asshats that were sitting on the end of the bar when we came in for drinks, really makes her a saint.
The bloody mary was good, spicy and full of punch (errr - vodka)  
Drinks reasonable.  Great little porch on the front of an old house for sitting and sipping a cocktail  Nice little stop if you are out walking the garden district!After a long and rough day, I was desperately seeking a laundromat to do a bit of washing before a trip.  After a while, I remembered hearing about Lucky's having a couple washers and dryers in the back.  So after a bit of a drive, I finish up my loads and have the time of my life with fellow locals and a awesome bartender named Karen.  And I did see one of the books Randy, I see what you were talking about lol.New Orleans, Louisiana ---
"Lucky's Bar" is 1 of 4 washer/dryer bars under the same management (including  "Igor's" & "Igor's Buddah Belly") ...
"Lucky's Bar" was my 1st bar of the day & had a few "breakfast" club pARTy Reptiles who were several beers aheads of me ...
located along the trolley line, "Lucky's" has a good atmosphere, $2 PBR, 24-hour service & interactive customers gave me "More Smiles Than I Came In With!" 
day 038 "DUSA 2017" (Discover USA) 
day 091 "666 Bars of 2017" / bar 184
"Run-A-Way Bill" was here!
#RunAwayBill #666BarsUSA #DUSA2017 
04.01.17A tasty Bloody Mary to be had while doing your vacation laundry, which is much more reasonable & timely than drop off service.I love me a good dive bar, and this may be one, but let me recommend NOT ordering food, or at least not the burger. Frozen patty, burnt. Stale buns. I could have spent less at BK across the street for a burger, brought it over and bought just a beer.
Bartender (and cook?) was very nice guy, but maybe should stick to the bar tasks.
I get it, it's not a restaurant, but when you have food on the menu and charge more than fast food joints I'd hope it would at least be better than burnt.here's to JIM
here's to 
claudia
here's to this great dive bar on st charles, where everyone who USED to go to the avenue pub, ended up.    always someone in here that I know, always someone in here who is ready to start up a conversation, buy you a drink, and during mardigras?  no pretentious crap.   it was cold this year, and this was our life saving dry haven to hang.
everyone who works here is nice, friendly and happy.
cheers
PS during crawfish season?  killer berls...
get your laundry done while you drink and eat...
ya herd?There's no place like Lucky's. Open 24/7. Bloody Mary's. Nightcaps. $4-5 drinks. And one of the best made-to-order burgers in New Orleans. On a slow or late night, just request your burger well done, like someone who knows a thing or two. If you're a tourist, go. If you're a local, go. Go now, before places like Lucky's are gone for good.Okay I know I'm not much of a reviewer but I just had to do this! Me and my girlfriend out enjoying some mardi gra parades when we get the hungry bug and say let's try a burger..I always should know better when a place is only serving two items on the menu..let start with the no flavor burger!! Like really how hard is it to put a little salt and pepper! Also burger was very black looking and more had a look of a hamburger steak..adding the frys were way over seasoned..guessing with the mardi gra season the figure most would be drunk and not even care as long as the get food in belly..smh!!!..2 stars neeeeeeds alot of work!lucky's is a dive that right a dive live music great bar tenders and a group of reg. make this little bar rock. The fact that they love my dog let him in and remember my name even better. how meany bard can you go into once and not go back for 3 weeks and the bartender know what you had? not meany!! this is a great little bar that is fast become one of my fav huntsSimilar to Igor's down the road, this place has a little of everything, but a little 'cleaner' than Igor's. Just your standard bar/laundrymat/grill food joint - there's many of 'em in NOLA. Lucky's crowd isn't as varied or 'down and out'-ish as Igor's but they do have something cool - ask for the blue and red books. The peeps behind the bar know what they are and one of the books has pictures full of the patrons in 'compromising' positions...! I won't tell you which color is the best!This must be one of those places that you have to visit a few times to enjoy. I really wasn't impressed. The patrons didn't seem friendly and they had a dj for some reason. Keep in mind, there were about 6 people in this place when we went. 
It's a 24 hour bar. I can only imagine the type of people that hit this place up at 8,9, or 10 in the morning. Good God. I guess it's more of a neighborhood hangout, but I just don't get it.I loooove this place. Most of the people you meet are regulars, open mic nights are the best. Their pool table isn't the best but it works, great staff, and the food isn't necessarily a 5 star rating but it's good. Their live music shows are incredible, music can sometimes be slightly loud but other than that this place is my to-go during the week.Also has a 24 hour laundry with a couple washers and dryers in the backGood little locals bar on St. Charles. The poor man's Avenue Pub is a nice place to hang out with friends on the cheap.Fun little dive bar. Our group of 15 stopped by here one late Monday night for a quick drink. We played a little pool, listened to some live music and wondered whether or not we should have brought our laundry. There are 2 sets of pay washer/dryers in the back near the pool table. Genius, crazy or both, I'm not sure.
The bartender was cool, the band was kinda loud, but we had a great time. The food is not great, but if you are hungry and drunk, go for it, but I recommend eating somewhere else.
Finished off our one hour stay by chilling on the front porch. Was a good time.Flew in on the eve of Hurricane Nate with the city in lockdown; curfew and no taxi or trolly. Lucky's was the only place open making the burger and beer at 8pm exceptionally special! On my "one of the most memorable" dives and worthy of your visit for food or beverage or to do a load of laundry.Had music after 2 am.  And made great burgers and fries.   Very friendly barkeeper. Seems to be a lot of regularsThe bartender Kevan was hysterical. The outside was painted my absolute favorite shade of red. The men's room is impeccably taken care of. 10/10The jack of all trades/renaissance man of bars.  Whether you need a beer, burger, red beans and rice, to do your laundry, get a haircut or rent a book, lucky's is  your place.  You could literally be there all day and have everything you need!  Which is what I'm sure some people do.  Great place to stop during Mardi Gras when on the parade route as well.Lucky's is a 24-hour bar. Lucky's is a smoking bar. Lucky's is a loud bar, blaring corporate rock music.  Take these into account when entering as a sober person at 9AM. 
My gruff but genial bartender took my order of a double Bloody Mary. They advertise a double shot. Thinking what airport bars sell, I thought,"Why not?" He sauntered to grab a 16 oz go-cup, filled it with ice, and commenced to fill it 1/2 full of Crown Russe (The World's Best Vodka - it says so on the bottle!), followed by their housemade Bloody Mary mix, finally garnished with pickled snap beans and an olive spear lovingly made by the bartender.
The mix is great: spicy, a little salty and stands up to all the vodka in the cup. The question is will I be standing once it's finished.Best. Bar. Ever. 24/7/365.
Different nights have different music venues from kareoke to incredible live sets. And food! You can do your laundry, too! Pool table and a nice porch. Bartenders take great care of you and a 10 spot goes a long way. Awesome place for Mardi Gras!The last great dive in the LGD. Open 24 hours, and located right on St Charles, its you're number one stop for laundry, booze, and a quick bite to eat. Very much a local spot. This neighborhood bar had good people, stuff drinks, and amazing staff.Walked around the corner from hostel I'm staying at, perfect place to have a beer after a long, long drive. Divey, loud, energetic, everything I'm hoping for.Lucky's is not my kind of place and the patrons and staff made sure I felt that way as soon as I walked in. I understand that I am not everyone's cup of tea, but the odd looks I got just for walking in was a bit off putting.
Lucky's is a 24 hour bar. Maybe it gets more charming as the night wears on, but it lacked the perfect diveyness of Brother's Three or the hardcore drinkers of Ms. Mae's. I guess I expected more from the place.
Besides being looked down upon, the place seemed kind of dirty and run down. Maybe that was the look they were going for, but it was too well lit to pull off that look. Service was slow and non-friendly. 
In summary, if you're looking for a divey 24 hour bar, and think I am a douche, this is the bar for you.What makes any great business is knowing what you are and not trying to be something you are not. A dive bar is no different, Lucky's keeps it simple and simple is all you need to be when someone can walk in 24/7 (in my case at 2 a.m. after having walked out of another nearby establishment who couldn't get a roast beef po boy to me in under 25 minutes) order a burger and tater tots and wash it down with your adult beverage of choice.
Bonus, they have live bands,karaoke,coin operated pool table and a small laundry in the back."Sometimes you wanna go where everybody knows your name...."
On some level, we all want our own personal Cheers. Don't we? 
Lucky's just might be your personal Cheers. That is if you like an odd sense of community, open mic nights, stand-up comedians, affordable drinks, some decent-but-not-fancy bar food, the ability to do laundry on site, and a little bit of true New Orleans right on St. Charles Ave. 
Don't expect to be wowed by a fancy cocktail list or have a traditional "cultural" experience - but come to Lucky's for a lowkey evening and maybe you'll find your spot.Cool little hole-in-the-wall neighborhood bar. A little small but got a big personality. They have a small food menu, no draft beer, but a decent selection of canned beer.Great day drinking spot, right on the Avenue with a porch to see it all. Open 24 hours, even with a kitchen for food. One of my favorite places in NOLA. Always fun to interact with the locals that hang out here.this is the PLACE for after hours! Open 24 hours cheapish drinks and LIVE MUSIC most nights including the FAMOUS OPEN MIKE 
You will hang with regulars Don't be afraid to jump into the conversation.The girl bartender was horrible! She didn't say thank you. She looks like she was in a fight with her bf! Lol idk her name but she wasn't even smile. She us horrible!!!!This place is amazing. The staff/ regulars are a bit weird, but in a fun way. They have great live entertainment. The karaoke was great. Also, for bar food, it isn't bad. Highly recommendLucky's is a great 24-hour dive bar with very fun events, including open mic, live music, and karaoke. The staff is friendly and there's a nice, diverse regular crowd. Of course, dive bars aren't everyone's cup of tea, but I'm a fan.I have experienced Lucky's a few times in the past. Although I do love a good divey feeling bar, I have really only frequented here because of the location. I am not even sure if the name has remained the same for this place. But for the Mardi Gras I have been to over the last decade, this has been a great place to buy a drink and use the restroom.
This past time, it was the weekend before Mardi Gras weekend. So the crowds aren't as bad and I'm sure the bathroom rules are less strict. But as I remember, they were not nearly as strict as many of the other businesses around on the actual weekend. 
For the most part, the bartenders are pretty attentive and friendly. There was once this past time that it took a while to place an order with very few people at the bar. But that is the only issue. When my beloved Auburn Tigers were getting slaughtered in basketball this particular Saturday, they already had the game on one of their two TVs. A win for what I wanted, even in a loss.
I plan on coming to this place as long as we watch parades here and they are here. Thanks for being there Lucky's!Good drunk food and fun events.
Comedy every Wednesday. More importantly the gator tots are life with cheese and like mayo and the tangy bbq! Drunk heaven!OMG! Amber was the top of the top, like if I could give her 10 stars I would, I came from Arizona for a wedding, and she treat us amazingly, I couldn't say more good things about her, her service was spectacular. She was able to handle a bar in New Orleans, and be the cook at the same time. (BTW this is memorial day weekend)  this is far more then supiour service it's perfect.This place is still OPEN!  Just went a few nights ago.  Kind of a dive bar but there are laundry machines in the back!  We went just so we could get photos near them.  Stayed for a few beers and played a few songs on the jukebox.  Place is open 24 hours a day.  Bartender was nice.  Seemed like a neighborhood kind of bar where everyone talks to everyone.After an attempted dinner James Beard award winning restaurant...Gris Gris, which was a disaster. we went to Lucky's.  Amber took exceptional care of us. We had a drink while we ordered hamburgers. They were delicious and a great price. Now changing our ideas of fine dining.I've held up on writing this review for over a week because I had to sort my feelings out on the matter. This is a cautionary tale.
We popped in to Lucky's for a nightcap. He got a vodka drink, I got a seltzer or something. His drink came out pretty promptly but I had to wait a strange amount of time for mine to come out.
We paid and left and I didn't even really begin to drink mine until we got back to my house. I drank it and within about 10 minutes I couldn't stand, couldn't operate my body in any way, shape or form. We didn't really know what to do, and in hindsight we should have gone directly to the hospital to get a blood test. 
I don't feel comfortable publicly calling out the actual bartender that I think did this (I will gladly give you details in a PM), but I do want to send out a warning. BE CAREFUL. PLEASE! Be careful out there. 
It was really scary. I have since called the cops. I am thankful that I was not alone.
Ladies and gentleman, STAY AWAY FROM THIS BAR.It's always been my dream to open a business like this in NYC.  It's a .....
Bar 
Grill 
Game room (pool table & video poker) 
Laundry Mat 
I had no laundry but I was locked out of my Airbnb so I had luggage and time to kill.  
It seemed like a locals joint to me but the natives were friendly.  
Lots of beer options.  Drinks come in singles or doubles.  Smoking is permitted outside on the porch.  
All-in-all not a bad place to kill some time.   If I lived in NOLA I think I'd do laundry every day!Best Dive Bar in the lgd? Or just a drunkard's opinion? Either way I'm right. It's been said that there's at least one bar in New Orleans for each day of the year. So yes, you could drink at a different watering hole every single day. But you know that you just want to go where everybody knows your name, and they're always glad you came. Sounds clichéd I know,  but when you live in a city like New Orleans and you're part of the neighborhood you tend to build a connection. there's places that you will go to again and again and again, and Luckys is one of those places. I started going here when I lived in uptown, and even though I've moved to midcity I still make the trip to go down there as often as possible. Luckys is part of Igor's chain of bardromats that include Igor's, Buddha belly,  and checkpoint Charlie's.  They all have pool tables, laundry facilities (that actually get used a lot more than you would think), and of course a full bar and lil' kitchen. All of them feature some sort of entertainment from karaoke or live music. But this review is about Lucky's. They have theme parties (pajama, halloween, etc) and live music. Sometimes they serve red beans and rice in addition to their basic menu of burgers, jalapeño poppers, tater tots, fries and veggie burgers. The bartenders are the best. All of them. Really. They don't ignore you. No matter how busy they are your existence will be acknowledged. Amber, her brother Jonah, DKevan, Jared...and Amber is the prettiest bartender in the city. Very reasonable drink prices. It's just a very chill place. Back in college, remember there was always one dorm room that everyone ended up chilling and drinking in? It was the one place the jocks, the preps, the stoners, the over achievers, the underachievers...you could walk in on any given day and there would be any combination of the above hanging in total harmony? Yeah, that's this place. So, are there downsides? Probably. Parking can be tricky, though you really shouldn't be driving if you're drinking. And they have roaches. BIG UNS that don't fear humans. And aesthetically, if you're a priss, you might wince at the decor. But if any of those things are enough to stop you from going to Lucky's, we really don't want you there anyway.Just a bar down the street from where I was staying. Got hungry late night. Went in one of the burger. It was just the bartender was there. They're open 24 hours. He stopped. Made me a burger. Nothing special. He didn't make it. Well done so. But you know late night one of those deals nothing specialThe one spot I always make sure to go to when I'm in New Orleans. Getting that early afternoon buzz going while doing laundry 2700 miles from home, talking with people from all over and/or from just around the corner, love it. --- One afternoon while getting pleasantly over-refreshed the entire length of the duct running over the bar came crashing down - you cant get that kind of entertainment anywhere else...and the total lack of concern by anyone, staff or customers, about it.... now that's a relaxed atmosphere! -- will be there again as soon as I can!Place is awesome I slept here last night! Laundry included Jules is the best! Her 
Mom is so sweet! Highly recommendThe only place I've found on this part of St Charles that you can get a drink and have a smoke (on the porch) and not be frowned at. I smoke cigars and it's getting harder and harder to find a place to do that. Divey but not dangerous feeling. At least not during the day never enjoyed the night life here. Side note...nice people watching spot also...