great taco's, nacho's, atmosphere and margarita's.  wednesday is triple special day.Very friendly staff and nice environment although the crowd was light surprisingly the both times I went there. Get yourself a $3.50 margarita after 4 on Tuesdays, they are pretty good.If you're in the Warehouse District anyway (perhaps you're on your way to Cochon, which would be wise of you), not a bad spot to visit. If you're in the mood for an expensive novelty cocktail, which will undoubtedly be strong, bright, and maybe include a prop such as a plastic shark, holy moly are you in the right place.This place is definitely fun if you're coming to get wasted. On the other hand, if you're looking for a tasty meal, this is NOT THE PLACE. I ordered shrimp tacos, rice and beans. The shrimp had no flavor or sauce. Just shrimp, lettuce, tomato, and cheese. Absolutely boring and dry. Also ordered a Jack and Sprite.  Whoa...a little more sprite would be appreciated. The service was excellent. Food bad. Drinks bad....unless being obliterated is your goal.Not bad with the crawfish dish. Really laid back during the day but after 6 forget me being there. U become a numberHad light lunch at an outside table with a friend who was in town.  Basket of chips with mango salsa, fried calamari, and fish tacos.  Everything was excellent, as usual.  Service good, but relaxed.Just any-old-bar.  I went for a networking happy hour, and the service sucked...I mean, they kept giving drinks to the wrong tables, etc.  Crowded and blah.We ended up here because we were staying across the street and were too hungry to really scope out anything that required much work. Ended up being pleasantly surprised. My husband got a shrimp po boy with fries and I had a buffalo chicken wrap with sweet potato fries that was the day special and they were both REALLY good. Or maybe we were just really hungry. The service was on the good side of average- our waitress was a little forgetful but funny and was at least trying.  And my drink had a plastic mermaid with it. And an umbrella. And it wasn't even a fruity chick drink, so it made me happy. Strange to find a surfing bar theme in downtown New Orleans, but they made it work!The front desk lady at our hotel (The Lafayette) recommended Lucy's - and wow am I glad I asked! I got the shrimp and grits, my boyfriend got the jerk chicken. Absolutely fantastic! The place was surfer chic, had a great vibe and a cool bar as well. TV's viewable from any seat in the place, waitresses were attentive and had great recommendations on what to eat. I definitely recommend a stop at Lucy's. You won't regret it!Stopped in here in search of a veggie-friendly brunch on New Year's Day. Disclaimer: don't try watching your weight here! This place has a laid-back coastal dive-bar vibe with greasy-spoon-diner-style dishes and a beachy twist. They're not trying to impress anyone, but serve up a satisfying meal.Come and order the Shark Attack.  Their presentation is delightful and witty.  The drink is tasty.  Otherwise the bar is packed and kind of frat-ish.LOVE Lucy's for a quick drink or a yummy breakfast.  Beats the breakfast at the Renaissance across the street where we usually stay.  The menu has a tenderloin & eggs with queso over English muffin, which was a hit two days in a row!Staff is friendly. Walters trio enchiladas where terrible and the rice was uncooked, gross.
My friends liked the mahi mahi and juicy Lucy burger.Lucy's was great! Mimosa's were fresh and the pulled pork was awesome! Great service and food was wonderful. Menu was extensive !I've been here many times and I always come back. Great location! The service however is touch and go. It's also noteworthy that I didn't see any African American servers or bartenders. The food is good, but not great, and I haven't seen a mouse the last couple times I've been. Enjoy!My partner and I went there for brunch today. Average food, terrible service. Restrooms are so dirty. 
Skip it if you may, so many other much better alternatives in town for brunch.I've come here several times, with locals and with my friends that are coming to New Orleans to visit. Although the food is okay, the service is waaaay below the standards of expect. The first time I came here I was blown away, every time after that I felt like was chasing the dragon. Don't get me wrong, the manager attempted to rectify our "not so great experiences"... But that doesn't mean she can ensure every experience is satisfactory. The employees have given me sass and have not been so respectful of my time tables. Uhh so sad because I enjoyed this place but I think my days of being a Lucys fan is OVER.The fried avacado was surprising choice.  The flavor Is primarily derived from the sauce, But still quite good.  The tuna salad cones with a generous whole tuna steak. It was a pleasant surprise to see giant blueberries on the accompanying salad, as I wasn't expecting it in february.  Not too crowded for lunch. Service was attentive and am sorry I can't remember our servers name, as she was delightful.Stopped in for a drink. Loud and outgoing environment. The waitress Amanda was attentive and served with a smile. I ordered the Avocado Fritas which were flavorful and fried well.Went to the crawfish boil and had a great visit! So glad I got a little ways out of the French quarter during my trip. Delicious food, though a bit higher ratio of sides to crawfish could have been good. Adorable vibe and cheap drinks- hard to beat!Delicious mimosas, among other things. Went with girlfriends. Three ordered the crabmeat omelette and all raved about it. I had eggs with tortillas, black beans and rice. It was delicious. Good service, good food, good prices. We'll be back.This place is awesome.  They have High Life, and the food's not bad either.  One time I was eating here Sean Payton and some buddies came in.  People went up to their table, but not many, because it's NOLA, we don't do that here unless it's the Saints.  I waited till he was leaving and walked past our table to ask for a picture.  He's awesome. The Sean Payton story overshadowed that we had absolutely terrible service that afternoon, but the manager comp'ed our meal, and every other time I've eaten here things have been great.  BTW, for White Linen Night, the wife and I stopped here to get a couple of High Lifes to go.  The bartender hooked us up, we walked out in less than 5 minutes, and the place was packed.  Also, been to the upstairs part on an Abita pub crawl, nice space, never been back up there though.I've been to Lucy's twice now. I don't usually do the whole going to bars thing but I was with friends .. This place gets WAY too packed for my liking. I don't really enjoy being pushed and shoved around while trying to make my way to the restroom. 
I tried the food this go around and it was a huge disappointment. I asked for a medium burger and it came out well and dried, it also tasted like a brick. The nachos were gross. It's layers upon layers of chips and melted cheese, and it was cold by the time it got to me.
Overall, if I don't have to go back there EVER, I won't.This was the first spot that me and my friend went to once arriving in New Orleans. It was right behind our hotel so it was very convenient! Music was great! They were playing music from the early 2000s so I was dancing to *NSYNC, Backstreet, Britney Spears, Ashanti, when music was still good. The food wasn't bad. Nothing to cry home about but it filled me up. I ordered the pork carnitas tacos with beans and rice. My friend got the fried avocado fries. Our drinks was what caught my attention! My friend ordered the blue whale while I got a mint and ginger mule. My friend's drink was decorated with a blue whale toy and little mermaids! I just had mermaids in mine lol. But while I loved my drink, my friend said hers was way too sweet.What else could you want, great service, strong pours and average food! We'll be backReally enjoyed my evening at Lucy's. Food and drinks were reasonably priced, with nice happy hour specials, and my veggie quesadilla was seriously outstanding! My boyfriend loved his crawfish quesadilla as well.
I will definitely go back next time I'm in New Orleans.If I would have written this review a few years ago I would have given them 5 stars. Basically - for the weekend - I am 'too old' for this bar. During the week (after my favorite Wednesday at the Square) or during events (like the infamous Santa Crawl) Lucy's is great. Other times, not so much. 
The best deal here are the $3 mimosas. There is nothing that helps (starts) a Sunday hangover like cheap champagne and OJ.This place gets packed and is a total meat market most of the time, especially on weekend nights or post-Wednesday at the Square. It's like The Boot, for grownups. If you're into that, please don't tell me, because I will judge you. 
What? I'm just being honest. 
That said, Lucy's is not a bad place to have lunch if you work downtown, and I've done that on more than one occasion. As a sort-of vegetarian-ish, the only thing on the menu that I've ever ordered (and therefore I assume that it's the only thing on the menu that I CAN order, but don't quote me on this because I couldn't tell you for sure without actually seeing a menu again) is the quesedilla, which I am just now realizing I have no idea how to spell. Nor does Firefox spellcheck, evidently, because the options are "questionable" through "Queensland" and not the word I'm looking for. But I digress.
The one thing that I order but can't spell from Lucy's is pretty good, not overly expensive, and you can also go here for late-ish night drunk food in addition to lunch, which I've also done. 
Besides food and creepy middle aged men hitting on inappropriately younger girls who are apparently into that, the best thing about Lucy's is to sit outside with a bucket of beer during happy hour, and count how many cars blow the stop sign at that intersection. Lucy's is on the corner of Girod and Tchoupitoulas, and it's a four way stop. However, for some reason the vast majority of people do not seem to realize this. It's definitely entertaining, and would actually make for a good drinking game now that I think about it. 
Lucy's: Go for lunch, a bucket of beer and after-work entertainment, or to reassure yourself that you've "still got it" by being hit on or hitting on insecure or aging, collar-popping strangers. Whatever the equivalent of collar-popping would be for a middle aged gentleman. A dandy? (Kidding. That'd be a flamboyantly gay man from the 19th century. Obviously.)Great place for fun and good food.  I love the surfer concept.  Mahi tacos were done well!   My only gripe is that they don't include wine in happy hour prices.All I have to say about Lucy's is that I have this serious love/hate relationship with the place. The food is absolutely horrible, and the service is pretty bad, and the margaritas are no good, but if I am going there after already being out and I've had a few, I am so ready to go to Lucy's and for some reason have a dance party whether it is with some of my girl friends or by myself. It's also a place I find myself drawn to after a Saints game. The bathrooms are a disgrace by the way.GREAT food! I was in town for a convention earlier this month. Breakfast and brunch were excellent. The only negative was that on each of the days I ate there the servers shorted me on my change. Just based on meals though, this place was a find.I've rarely have had a fun time at the bar here but there have been a few moments that were enjoyable.  The food here used to be much better and they once had a great turkey burger BUT the food has gone WAY downhill and now I just refuse to eat here.  The last terrible meal I ate here was around Mardi Gras and two of the cooks got into a huge fight that spilled out into the street and there was all sorts of great blood and gore everywhere (this is probably an extra star for sheer entertainment).  Of course due to the fight it took three hours for us to get our food.So the burritos are pre-made but if you request a manager you still get crappy service, however, there was one awesome server who took the time to see if mushrooms could be substituted for chicken. She rocked! Still probably won't go back but my burrito was good in the end.Lucy's is amazing. Great food (wide variety) and great service always. Fun for lunch, brunch or dinner. THE place to be for Saints home games.. Who dat!Lucy's is... Lucy's. A fun, casual place that's often very crowded. Food's serviceable if not spectacular. Staff is always friendly and on-point. Good to know they have a private space upstairs you can rent for parties/events.Pretty good surf/Caribbean themed place.  Had the blackened fish tacos which were great.Great drinks, consistently good service, laid back atmosphere. The shrimp and grits was excellent.Lucy's used to be a go-to place for me since I've lived down the street for years now. I hadn't been back since they renovated, so I suggested it for brunch. I was embarrassed to have been the one to suggest it. We were "greeted" by a gaggle of millennial girls, half of whom looked like they had not slept or showered since being out the night before. We ordered chips and queso (hard to mess up, right?) and there was a marble sized, black ball of deep fried crud mixed in with the chips. I ordered the steak and eggs, medium rare. I got a greasy, fatty, thin, well-done steak with completely unseasoned scrambled eggs. I asked for a steak knife and received another regular knife. I would have asked for a manager, but between the hungover, ratty army of 21-23-year-old waitresses, and the bathrooms that hadn't been cleaned since the night before, I didn't think it would make any difference.First off... 3 Stars is "good" on my scale. This is a lively place for lunch, happy hour, dinner or late night. It is what it is... A fun bar with TVs for sports watching, seating inside and on the side walk, reasonable priced drinks and food. My experience with the food has been good, not great, not awesome. But the crowd makes for great people watching, I found the service good, they will turn you around quickly if you tell them you're in a hurry. Calibrate your expectations and Lucy's will not disappoint.I went to this place while staying at the Renaissance across the street. It wasn't bad at all, traditional bar food, I liked the drinks. The bartender, Brittany, was very helpful and pleasant. My friends weren't too impressed but it was alright with me :)Lucy's is.. good. Not great, not bad, just good. If you are looking for a happy hour spot, this is the place. The food has never been that great to me and the service in the restaurant has never been a stellar experience for me.  It's loud so don't expect to have a conversation but its a fun time and a great post saints game hangout.This was a great find on my last trip to NOLA. The shrimp and grits appetizer was outstanding. I was really missing the TexMex flavors of home on my last night in the Big Easy and this place hit the spot. Southwest food is not something done well in Louisiana but this place knows what they are doing. I will be going back regularly.No draft beer. Bottles only. 
Great happy hour taco specials. Great chips/salsa. My nachos were okay.-nothing special. 
Many TVs to catch the game. 
Bartenders were very friendly and attentive.First the new chef got rid of the wings which were the best in town. But, to tell me they can't make me a nacho for 30+ min at 2:50 in the afternoon on a Saturday.  Thank god for Felipe's which is where we headed.3 dollar jacks on a thurs night. You are ok in my book Lucy. 
Haven't had the food here but everytime we pop into lucy's for a little break before going out it's always a prime spot to start off the night. People are extremely cool inside, bartenders are swift, and the music is decent. 
I can come here as I like - casual, dressed up, dressed down and its' all Good. Yea, it sure is Lucy, it sure is. Another Jack and diet please.Fun place....kids enjoyed it.  Food was ok, but not great.    Wait staff a bit distant.  Having a drink and a snack at the bar might be a better experience than at the tables.  We were there on a Sunday...maybe it gets better at other time slots.  
Did like the retired surfer concept.
In a limited time visit to N.O., there are better choices.Great service & food! This place is about a 5 minute walk from the convention center (convention center food = yuck!). I got the grilled fish soft tacos and a nice cold Abita Amber, everything was delicious. If you want a quick lunch near the convention center, this place is perfect. If you are real lucky, a nice local will offer to buy you a beer...I was lucky that day! :)Walked across the street from our hotel for a quick lunch upon arriving in NOLA. We were sat right away, the food was very good, the service was good, we were asked more than once how everything was and tasted. Nice relaxed atmosphere. Would definitely go back.I'm a local for almost 30 yrs.I work the service industry here.I went there tonight to visit some friends  in the military from out of town during Memorial Day weekend.The bartender was cool with us.But then we went to sit down at a table a short red headed waiter was the most terrible waiter I've ever had living here.Rolled her eyes almost the entire time.I tipped almost 40% of my bill and she still gave us shit for not tipping enough...after that experience I'll never go back again.Burger was lame. If you order one, be sure to get add ons like mushrooms, etc cause the burger by itself is very bland and not very good at all. I'd rate it about a 2 out of 10, 2 points for being an actual hamburger.
Atmosphere is laid back casual, can get kinda loud but what would you expect at a bar/restaurant? 
I must say the waitresses and hostess, manager, etc are super friendly, which can be a rarity in Nola.Honestly there was nothing impressive about this place. It is your typical bar that serves typical bar food. In addition, the service was that of a typical bar which is less than average service.
The food was just okay. I've had better crawfish enchiladas so it doesn't rank in the top 10 places for crawfish. The positive side is if you are looking for typical bar food with good prices, this is your place.We stumbled in here around noon while on a bachelor party.  We went to a ton of bars while there, but we had more fun here.  Cool vibe.Long ago a Lucy's opened up in my Manhattan neighborhood. I was a much younger man and I drank a lot at that place. I thought I might take a stroll down memory lane. Bad idea. 
This was about 530pm and the place was already loud and fun but not that full. Wasn't really hungry but wanted something. Maybe a drink or two. 
Taylor was immediately overwhelmed with only 4 of us at the bar. She was not too busy to flirt with her short cropped co-worker, but paying customers were a pain. The guy next to me was leaving and told me good luck in getting Taylor's attention. 
I ordered the guacamole and a frozen something. I typically ask about the best thing on the menu. This gets a reaction from even the most jaded waiter or bartender. Taylor had no idea. 
Left and had dinner elsewhere. Turns out lots of places in New Orleans want my business. 
Good luck Lucy's. I will remember you fondly.This is definately a standard for a night out on the town for my friends and I.   I can't say that I've ever ordered food here, but it's a great venue for having drinks.
As mentioned in other reviews, it can get rough if it's a crowded night, and you're not looking to be part of a crowd, as it's a small-ish indoor place.  But during the good outdoor weather (nearly year-round), this is a great place to grab a round of drinks and mingle around out in on the patio/street.
They throw frequent parties, so if you see some hubbub happening, I would definately recommend stopping by.I have visited lucy's several times in the last five years and last night was a total disaster from every angle.
Two frozen margaritas we have  ordered were nothing ather than slush of ice.
Main courses were served immediately after the appetizer(which was a large nacho plate to go with our drinks)
the waittres gave a cold shoulder to our subdued remarks ( Both me and my wife we are in our late 50's).
When I got up to look for the manager it wasn't too hard to figure out why the place is run so bad.A gas station attendant would do a better job.
My main course came back ice cold .
I hope the owner reads this because as someone who lives in the neighboorhood I will stop sending people there .The Wait to be seated was long even when they were tables available just because they take
time to clean them. The service was rushed, and not so personal. Limited menu due to Mardi Gras week which is understandable but even those few items were served under standards. It seems like they just wanted people out so they could serve more. I don't know about you, but quality over quantity is my moto. Maybe hiring more people during these days would be a good idea, so you can still taking good care of customers and serve high quality food.I ate there at lunch today. The special was seafood chowder that was really good and inexpensive.  No complaints about anything there. Bar tender (Hanna i think) was very friendly and kept my glass full.Ate her twice in a four day trip to NO. First went as was right across the street from our hotel - we'd been travelling for 16 hours, had jetlag and just needed to eat. Didn't expect it to be good - just needed fuel. But the food was great - had the tuna steak burger among other things. Would recommend it...I can't believe I JUST found this gem!! Best guac and chips ever!! I've been craving it since I had it! Delicious SHRIMP and Grits!! Great Bloody Mary! Fun atmosphere! I loved the mermaids in my drink! Fun Scorpion shot! Got the T-Shirt! Will definitely be back!I visited Lucy's during my recent trip to New Orleans. Two Words : Mind Blowing. From the customer service to the delicious seafood, my appetite was satisfied. The drinks were also good, and HUGE!! I highly recommend this spot; it's affordable.Piece of shit restaurant - waited 7 minutes for waitstaff to even say they would be right with us (walked by 3 times), 5 more minutes for order to be taken, 15 minutes in we're told they don't have the appetizer we ordered because it's brunch time and now we've been sitting here 25 minutes - JUST got the drinks. 2 drinks. That's it. 2. Drinks.Please read carefully why I am giving them 5 stars. The food is average here but the staff is beyond exceptional. I came in here for my first time at around 5pm.  The bar staff Ray and a shorter blond greeted me immediately. Ray told his name and shook my hand. That night I only had drinks. I came back on a Saturday night at 1 am when they were extremely packed. Now it was a young party crowd but I was there for a last minute meal and drink. My server Maggie was exceptional and I mean exceptional. She was busy running around like a chicken with her head cutoff but she still gave great prompt service, attentiveness,  and actually gave time to discuss the food even though she was swamped. I sat by the servers station area and was amazed on how she was also cleaning while busting her butt. My only question was why the heck she wasn't working in a top notch restaurant. Kudos to Maggie I hope management reads Yelp reviews.
Pros
Amazing workers A+++++
Good drinks
Average food
Cons
Young late night crowd... if thats not your thingWe were staying at the hotel across the street and this was a convenient place and we had observed people sitting outside and having a good time the night before.  We went for an early-ish dinner and sat at the bar.
While it is on the tail end of the crawfish season, they had them and it was something I had been wanting to try.  My wife ordered Pao Shrimp tacos.  I got a pound of crawfish and when they were served, the server/bartender demonstrated how to rip off their heads and get the meat out.  And, NO, I did not suck the heads.  They were great and so were the potatoes and sausage that came also.
My wife loved her tacos and compared them favorably to some we get back home called Bang Bang Shrimp at a place called BoneFish.
The conversation with the server was great and people started coming in in groups.  Seems like a very popular place.
The deduction of a star is the beer selection.  Only one local and that was Abita Amber and the rest was so-so kinds of options.
Nice atmosphere, nice conversation, good service and good food.The girlfriend and I went here for dinner and it was awesome. Our waiter was outstanding. I had the mahi mahi sandwich and my girlfriend had blackened fish tacos. Both delicious. No Tilapia here. Will definitely be back soon.Great local place.  Food was good and drinks better.  Try to get here during Happy Hours.  It gets kinda crazy after w/ the college crowd for some reason.  We lucked out since we stayed across the street.Meh! 
I got here ten minutes before the rest of the group showed up and was wondering what the heck was I doing here. 
Typical bar food that was ok. Beer selection was just ok. 
If it wasn't for the friendly staff it would have been two stars. At least the prices were reasonable. 
Potentially this place could have a good vibe. A little more pride in ownership as in better bathrooms, etc... can go a long way.I've used this place as my "starter" place when bar hopping in Nola for quite a while. It's casual, but usually stays packed. There's an outside area with chairs, but it usually only has standing room. The bartenders are fast (which is essential to a good bar IMO) and drinks are up to par with a typical bar- not restaurant quality, but definitely let's get tipsy and have a stiff drink. If you're looking to avoid the tourist and smells of Bourbon and rather bar hop locally- then go to Lucy's. It's nice filled with nice people and has alcohol. What more could you ask for?When visiting I'll always stop through here. Their fish tacos are fantabulous and I'm a fish taco fanatic! 
Their rice and beans had amazing flavor, and I would eat them everyday if i could! 
Nice ambiance. Has good happy hours too! $3 margaritas!Great spot for breakfast , awesome grits , egg's and meats specials,lot's of choices on the menu,just really good food.I went here late on a Friday night when some of the cast of the "Real" World were there. It was way too crowded and I couldn't move from the door to the bar. While the bartenders and other female customers were nice to look at, it wasn't worth the hassle of the crowd...maybe I'm wrong.Good bar scene, but we had the shrimp and grits and the shrimp were way over cooked making this dish inedible. Maybe we should have stayed with the tacos but we wanted some local flavor.Although Lucy's is one of those places that always seems to be PACKED, it does have it's place.  The food isn't bad at all and the margaritas are awesome.  The place has a good vibe on weekends, and it's a good place to start your night.  As the night goes on, it does get a little nuts and the crowd tends to spill out onto the sidewalk and into the street.
This is a popular "after game" hangout for some of the Saints players, so if you go, you might run into Drew, Darren, or Marques.  I never have, but then again, I've never been to this place after a game.  I can only imagine what a madhouse it is.  
Not necessarily a place I would go out of my way to visit, but I don't hate it when I find myself here.Popped in yesterday for dinner and it was a great choice.  The staff was friendly and the service was speedy.  My partner and crime and I shared a su casa salad with cilantro vinaigrette and it was exactly the nutrients I needed after my love day at the jazzfest.  Had a few  $3 miller lights over my delicious dinner of veggie soft tacos with rice and black beans.  All in all it hit the spot!  This place is awesome, surf movies playing on all the tvs and great music rocking on all the speakers, combine that with the yummy food and friendly service and this place is a cool joint to check out when staying in the big easy!I was in New Orleans with a convention and the team that I was working with decided to hit up Lucy's on Friday night for some dinner. We were seated immediately and it wasn't too crowded. The music selection was varied but enjoyable albeit a little loud.
We were told by a local on our team that we needed to order the Rock-a-mole, which is Lucy's take on guacamole. There isn't any secret ingredient or anything but it was certainly good and being from the Austin/San Antonio area I know my guacamole. 
We also shared the serious nachos which were good but the cheese had cooled too much before we really got into eating them so it was hard to break apart and you often ended up with chip and not much (if any) cheese.
I ordered the Lucy, Ricky, Fred and Ethel special which basically was fajitas and all the fixins and it was just okay. I paid extra and got the shrimp since I hardly am close enough to the gulf to get fresh shrimp but these weren't all that fresh and not all that tasty. (Maybe they had to ship them in with the oil spill taking away a lot of the fishing/shrimping business). I also thought that the shrimp would be in addition to the steak and chicken. It might have just been my misreading the menu but the way it was worded it was unclear.
Service is what really holds this place back though. It was not all that crowded since we were eating early so there really wasn't much reason for my drink glass to be empty for most of the night. Now that I'm thinking about it I don't think anyone even checked up on us to see if everything came out and tasted all right. 
The food is decent but nothing special, the prices reasonable, but the service really keeps Lucy's from being a restaurant I'd recommend to othersGreat people work there and they pour heavy!  The last time someone poured me a whiskey like that was an hour after someone else tried to murder me. 
Holy hell they need a new short order cook!   
I could do better blind drunk in the dark.   
Had a extremely crappy expensive burger, ordered it medium, came a year past well done, bread 30 minutes to being stale.  
I honestly can't remember the last time I was shocked at a burger being so bad. 
Ground beef nachos were a soggy, flavorless, mess. 
There is just no reason to serve such carelessly prepared food!    It's only shitty bar food because they have a shitty cook, it could be respectable bar food with the same ingredients. 
Again, great people!  
Come for a drink and do yourself a big favor, don't order any food.Both the Cali burger and the valley girl are fresh and clean options.  Love the food here!A fun friendly experienced staff that will be sure to add to your experience while in New Orleans! Drinks are full of flavor (if you know what I mean). Bloody Mary's are the perfect way to start your day and a bikini Bellini can end your day. While you're there  order anything from the menu! It's all good!! Thank you Gov for making this trip to new Orleans so much fun!!! See ya next year!Delicious! I had the fried shrimp salad & my husband ordered the nachos, both were outstanding!We went for breakfast, so we missed the meat market aspect of it all. Huge portions and a taste of home (Los Angeles) with huevos rancheros, breakfast burritos, etc. The prices were reasonable, the food was good, the bloody marys were GREAT and a great deal at $4 a pop!
This truly is like the typical surfer bar  - lots and lots of grinds to fill your tummy after a long morning riding waves.This place is really cute. I was a bit skeptical at first because you don't see too many surfer shack themed restaurants in the big easy...in fact you don't see any. But hey this is post Katrina so anything is to be expected. 
This place definitely did not disappoint. The Shrimp Po'Boy was surprisingly authentic and the crabcakes were perfect! Very fresh. No frozen, red lobsteresque seafood here.
The place was clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. You can eat inside or at one of the cute tables outside. Full bar, laid back atmosphere. This place is a gem! I will be back.