I'm a frequent guest of Ritz Carlton and respect both the brand and the commitment to service and training that builds the brand. 
First thing Ritz should do is take their name off this restaurant.  
Both the service and the food were appalling.  
My guest and I arrived at 7:30PM the time of the reservation.  We spoke, momentarily to the host, long enough for him to confirm our reservation and then he picked up a phone call.  He spoke on the phone for about 5 minutes without acknowledging us.  It was long enough for me to find another Ritz employee and explain the situation.  Unfortunately, this employee (a bartender) was not able to help us and went to find another Ritz employee to help us.  By the time the third Ritz employee was involved the Host was off the phone and deigned to show us to our table.
The menu presented to me was soiled (see picture at the following link)
https://plus.google.com/photos/117895691724726875006/albums/5665316290258350801/5838253937848033234?authkey=CLKjte--7pTuWQ
It was disgusting, I have my suspicions as to the source of these unwelcome additions.
The restaurant advertizes themselves as:
Ranked as one of the top Farm-to-Table hotel restaurants by Travel + Leisure (January 2011), M bistro's menu is an indigenous approach to the preparation of the finest meats, seafood and produce from farmers throughout the Gulf Region. 
I didn't see much evidence of this on the menu, but did select a local salad.
The restaurant was 80% empty but it took quite a while to get our first round of service.  
The locally grown salad was completely drenched in dressing.  It was ironic to be in NOLA and have my salad drowned and flooded.  I asked a server to tell the salad chef that the salad was overdressed and her response was "what?" I repeated and she said "OK".  See a picture of the levy broke salad here: 
https://plus.google.com/photos/117895691724726875006/albums/5665316290258350801/5838254027097123522?authkey=CLKjte--7pTuWQ
Next the Chicken.  The presentation was pathetic. One half chicken, split into two parts, and covered with a large quantity of green tasteless fried something (seemed like seaweed) .  The texture of the chicken was profoundly ambiguous, which I found disturbing and unappetizing.  
Meantime, my wineglass sat empty so long that I got up and walked back to our host to request a refill.  He also said, "OK".
Finally, we were done, and I asked for the check (when wine number 2 was served), and that came pretty quickly.  However, the pickup with the card took so long that it was back to the host for another intervention.  
Overall, the most disappointing Ritz experience of my life.I went here with my wife our firdt night in NOLA. My wife had the french onion soup and the filet and I had tomato bisque and the veal cheeks. Both of our meals were excellent if not unique to NO. My wifes filet was a tad over cooked but other than that the meal was good. Excellent service and a very nice dining room.My sisters and I went to M Bistro after getting massages at the Ritz Carlton Spa. It was conveniently located right in the hotel. We were looking for a little lunch and M Bistro was a great place for that. I ordered the Blackened Red Fish, it was perfectly cooked on top of a bed risotto and asparagus. One of my sisters had a salad which was just your typical salad and the other had a two course special that included soup and a sandwich. Her po-boy was really good but we are in New Orleans you can find better. The staff did their job well and accommodated our every need. M Bistro is a wonderful place to have lunch or even dinner if you're looking for a secluded place to eat if your downtown.We planned to fly into Nawlins fairly early but bad weather cancelled our flight and we got in about 9 pm, we were tired so ordering room service and just crashing sounded like the best thing to do, we don't usually use room service because the food's not the best and the price is high.  The price was high but the fried shrimp poboy and the fried chicken tenders and fries were exceptional.  The shrimp were crunchy on the outside and tender inside, nicely spiced just like the tenders.Company in town staying at the Ritz.   Our dinner plans fell through,  so we went to the hotel restaurant.  Service was great,  food too and as a bonus they have a regular jazz group in the adjoining bar.
We had too many of the delicious apps and dessert overstuffed us.   However,  four different desserts were all good.   Especially loved the bread pudding and the beignets.We went here to celebrate my 30th birthday on Saturday.  The food was excellent and Jerome was the best waiter!  He was extremely attentive and knowledgeable and really made the experience wonderful.  We are planning our next trip to New Orleans and we will definitely stop by and see him!This review is just for breakfast in the lounge area where we ordered coffee and beignets. Although I have nothing to compare them to (ie Cafe Dumond) I thought the were delicious! The beignets are served with three sauces for dipping:  chocolate, caramel, and a creamy vanilla sauce.  It's a classy but not at all stuffy feeling atmosphere, and after walking around all morning it was really nice to relax on their fluffy couches while simultaneously getting covered in powered sugar.  I wish I had been staying at the Ritz for the whole weekend!We stopped for a drink and the bartender was very friendly and charming. He also fed us a lot of chips and spiced nuts and all was well. As we were getting ready to leave for the tourist duty/Bourbon Street, this place was hopping!Great restaurant and right next to the lounge so you have a great view of the nightly 9pm jazz show.  whatever you order, you must add a bacon jalapeño mac n' cheese!  and for desert, well the campfire smores was great, but very small, so definitely share with 2!We attended the Davenport show that the Ritz Carlton held for their guest. It was really nice, until we were seated. We were seated completely in the back when tons of tables were closer and open for seating. We ordered drinks and the taste of New Orleans 3 course meal, it was mediocre, not a meal worth what we paid for. I enjoyed the concept but the service and food here could use some work. In my opinion when you think of Ritz Carlton, you think of royalty as well as to be treated as such and we weren't .I am hoping we had an off night as I would've loved to give this place 4 stars. The staff and ambiance was a solid 4.5 stars - just an amazing energy and vibe thanks to it being snuggled in the beauty of the Ritz. 
We ordered the bisque and all had different seafood dishes that were presented well and overall tasty. The only issue was all the dishes were a bit too salty. Seafood shouldn't require much additional salt so not sure what happened. 
I will for sure give this place another try just in case it was a one off oops!Came here last year (2015) for their special Christmas Buffet. They had run out of both my and my wife's main course of choice by the time we arrived. That main course was the reason we had picked this establishment over others for Christmas. I don't understand how a restaurant of that caliber could be so poorly run and organized as to run out of one of the very few main course options they were offering that night. If you're looking to book a special holiday meal in New Orleans, go somewhere else.Overall: 
Food - 3 stars
Wine - 5 stars
Service - 3.5 stars
We went for the Reveillon Menu -- we liked that it gave us a few options for each course, and we also liked the wine pairings. Although, honestly, I just like wine.... I digress.
The food was okay. Not bad, not great. Just okay.
First Course:
- Roasted Beet Salad: Good! I especially liked the little goat cheese smear underneath everything. I think it would have been better with more of the pecans. 
- Sweet Potato Bisque: Also good! Light and airy. 
Second Course:
- Duck Confit Gnocchi: Good, could have been better. The duck was a little too salty for me and the gnocchi was less gnocchi-like and more like little fried mashed potato balls. Granted, I love little fried mashed potato balls, so this is ok. 
Third Course:
- Rib-eye: Asparagus was cooked perfectly. The rib-eye itself craved seasoning, but it was perfectly cooked. 
Fourth Course
- The chocolate and strawberry desserts were nice. The souffle was way too eggy. 
Service was very attentive, but (and this is a major pet peeve of mine) after I footed the (extremely expensive) bill, the waiter assumed my (male) dining partner did and placed the check in front of him. It's little things like that that make me not want to return to nice restaurants.While walking out after lunch I saw plates of food that I  did not see on our lunch menu. Oysters on half shell and beignets. I'm not sure what happened. My shrimp tacos were fine, nothing to write home about. My hub and loved his tuna Cobb salad.WOW! Where do I begin? My wife and I came in celebrating our anniversary.  The restaurant was pretty quiet at the time before filling up later.  We were seated an intimate booth in the back of the restaurant.  It was decorated with candles and rose petals everywhere, I was impressed and my wife was in awe!  Jerome, our server, was magnificant.  Offered complimentary glasses of champagne for the special occasion and took really good care of us.  The food was outstanding.  The pork shank was to die for and my wife's crab cakes were excellent as well.  Before we even asked for dessert menus, Jerome brought out a dessert plate with samples of 4 itms and had Happy Anniversary written on the plate.  We were even treated to some live jazz music towards the end of the evening.  One of the best restaurants in the city witout a doubt!I ordered redfish. My wife ordered red snapper. They brought us the same fish prepared two different ways. The rest of the meal was utterly forgettable.This restaurant is located inside the Ritz Carlton. A beautiful & elegant ambience with a Jazz band playing right in from of our table. 
Each course was really tasty. We had the pumpkin tortellini that our server suggested. It was subtle flavored, pleasant appetizer. My red fish with dirty rice was very good. A bit fishy for my taste, but I think that's that type of fish. The dish over all was flavorful & presented well. My husband got the lamb chops (another suggestion from our server) and the meat was cooked to perfection and seasoned just right. 
We then asked our server about dessert since he had not steered us wrong during previous courses.  We were leaning toward the signature Ritz Carlton chocolate cake. He shook his head and said "No, no" Then he told us to pick a different dessert & that he'd give us the chocolate cake complimentary to try. He was so right!! We barely touched the cake. It was dry & bitter, but the citrus cheesecake was very good. 
Overall score 4.7We enjoyed our experience at M Bistro. Our server, Michael, was fantastic. He was very attentive, had great recommendations, and made us feel very welcome.
We each started with a speciality cocktail and they were well-constructed. I had an heirloom tomato salad as an appetizer and he had the kale, beet, and apple salad. Then Michael brought us an amuse of the chef's seafood gumbo which was delicious. 
For our entrees I had a rack of lamb that was cooked nicely and very flavorful. I couldn't eat all 4 chops as it was a nicely sized portion. He had the pork chop and loved it! We were very full but Michael kindly brought us some beignets because he heard us talking about going for some later. We were so glad he did because they are by far the best we've had in New Orleans. They drive them with chocolate, vanilla, and caramel sauces on the side. The food and service were great!We had Christmas Eve dinner here with the Revillon menu, which had options, unlike many other Revillon menus at other places.  For $80 a person, you received a fantastic 4 course meal while enjoying the jazz band at the Davenport lounge.  Our server was Jason, and he was outstanding.  My husband had the beet salad, duck confit and gnocchi, scallops with butternut squash risotto, and Grand Marnier soufflé.  The beet salad was good, but the beets weren't the main star of the dish.  The duck and the scallops were great, but the risotto lacked flavor.  He enjoyed the soufflé a lot.  I had the sweet potato bisque, which was nice, followed by the BBQ shrimp and smoked Gouda grits.  This dish was super rich and heavy for course two.  I also had the scallops, which were perfectly cooked but the risotto was very plain and had no butternut squash flavor at all.  For dessert, I had the strawberry buche de Noel.  Overall we had a lovely evening and recommend the Revillon dinner to others.Excellent customer service from the time I arrived food was great!! Will recommend anyone to attend m bistro..The food at this restaurant was very good. The ambience was quite nice...dimly lit, nice jazz playing in the background, nice decor. Our server was less than friendly but we didn't let that ruin our experience. I have been here on more than one occasion and the food has been consistently good. I wasn't in the mood for gourmet on this visit and just wanted a good ol' New Orleans shrimp po boy. They don't have this on the regular menu but the wonderful hostess made it happen...she was awesome. I really appreciate her doing that because she certainly did not have to. The po boy was DELICIOUS!!! Piled high with the most flavorful shrimp you'd ever want to eat. We also had the beignets with three dipping sauces which I always have to get. These are a "must try." Overall, the experience was good and I'll be back.The service at the Ritz Carlton is always top notch. The truffle fries were good and I enjoyed the gumbo and the fish. The oysters were horrible though. Way too much cheese melted over and I ate a bunch of sand in my first oyster so that was a bustWe ate a late dinner here last Friday night and it was really wonderful. We had the chicken course, gumbo, red beans & rice, and cheesy grits. Everything was flavorful and delicious. The gnocchi that accompanied the chicken dish was so good! We had a seven year old with us and our server Jerome delighted her with an adorable stuffed animal and scrumptious dessert. All in all, a great start to a wonderful Valentine's weekend.Dinner at M Bistro was perfect. Service, food, and atmosphere were great.
The pork chop was perfectly seasoned and cooked.  The andouille mac-n-cheese it comes with is the best mac n cheese I've ever had. The filet was also perfectly cooked. Topped with just the right amount of crab sauce. 
Dinner for 2 with appetizers, dessert, and wine runs about $140 before tip. Worth every penny! 
TIP: If you dine later, Jeremy Davenport comes on at 9PM. Amazing Jazz while you eat. Can't beat that. 
Highly recommend M Bistro.I ate here for lunch and I must say it was one of the best overall dining experience I have had in years.   The food was fantastic... the service was outstanding... the atmosphere was very nice.     I will head back here again when I return to NOLA.Arrived in town late and hungry. Checked into my room and thought I would just try the hotel restaurant. Could hear the live jazz playing from the lobby, seemed like the place to be.
I guess The Davenport Lounge and M Bistro are connected.
The room was dimly lit, jazz on stage, a couple dancing on the dance floor, areas set up like little livingrooms. People having a great time drinking and laughing. With the decor and all the happenings, it was like stepping into another era.
The dining area was pretty empty, reason being they stop serving food at 10pm, it was now 10:20. That is the M Bistro, I think you can still get snacks at Davenport...confusing.
The host checked and they said they would feed us from the regular menu.
The food was excellent as was the service. Naturally we had to try a few Hurricanes, the house specialty, the Blonde Hurricane I thought was better than the traditional.
Check it out.We ordered the  Filet dinner with jumbo asparagus and lyonnaise potatoes and the crab cake
dinner with crawfish risotto.  The food was just excellent.  While we were waiting they waiter 
brought fresh jalapeno bread and accommodated a request by my mother for bread with no
jalapenos.  They also brought sample size dishes of seafood gumbo.  Quite literally the best 
gumbo I have ever tasted.  They brought out the main course and when I cut into my steak it
was quite raw and I had asked for medium.  I had barely cut open my steak when a waiter stopped
and asked what was wrong.  He immediately scooped up my plate and apologized.  The next thing
I knew  had a crab and shrimp cocktail in front of me which was quite delicious.  I quickly had my 
meal returned to me and it was perfection.  We finished off the meal with key lime pie and carrot cake with blood orange sorbet.  The desserts were excellent.  I loved the sorbet the best!  The menu was
quite pricy.  It cost $15 to add 1 crab cake to my meal but you get what you pay for.  I was reading the 
menu online and they only use the freshest in season ingredients and follow a farm to table philosophy which was much appreciated.  All in all an EXCELLENT experience that I would highly recommend to other diners.  Bon Appetit'!!We went to M Bistro on Fat Tuesday. I was surprised when they had a table but was thankful later. First, the security needed to relax a bit. I know it was a busy day and it's a Ritz Carlton (we were dressed as we would be traditionally due to the festivities) but i found her to be very rude even when we told her we had reservations. The restaurant itself is a bit confusing to get to. You have to take the elevator to the third floor. There are not clear signs when you enter from Canal. Outside of these two hiccups, our experience was lovely. The seafood gumbo is a must! My husband got the pork chop and said it was the top one or two he's ever had (to which i didn't take kindly to lol). I ordered the taste of New Orleans with the redfish. It was tasty but slightly over cooked. My friend ordered the snapper. It was on point. The bread pudding was good overall. I'd give this place a 4.5 if i could.Fried Redfish with live jazz. Great place, great food!This was so convenient. We stayed next door at the Saint, which really didn't have much going for it's restaurant. So this was our go to spot. I think we will stay here next time we're in NOLA.Given that this restaurant was in the Ritz Carlton I expected a certain level of service. I sat in the courtyard (which was surprisingly cool given the 100 degree weather). The first server I had was totally clueless. I would ask her questions about menu items and it was like I was speaking a different language. All I got was "I don't know" and blank stares. 
Then came Marc, the server extraordinaire, he was like a cool glass of lemonade on a summer day. He embodied the Ritz Carlton culture: pleasant, knowledgeable, helpful, and efficient. 
Onto the food: i ordered the hurricane shrimp po boy. My issue that I have with other po boys in the city is the bread and the bread to meat ratio. Often times there was too much bread and it was hard. M Bistro finally got it right. The roll was fresh soft and toasted or grilled with a little butter for the perfe
Given that this restaurant was in the Ritz Carlton I expected a certain level of service. I sat in the courtyard (which was surprisingly cool given the 100 degree weather). The first server I had was totally clueless. I would ask her questions about menu items and it was like I was speaking a different language. All I got was "I don't know" and blank stares. 
Then came Marc, the server extraordinaire, he was like a cool glass of lemonade on a summer day. He embodied the Ritz Carlton culture: pleasant, knowledgeable, helpful, and efficient. 
Onto the food: i ordered the hurricane shrimp po boy. My issue that I have with other po boys in the city is the bread and the bread to meat ratio. Often times there was too much bread and it was hard. M Bistro finally got it right. The roll was fresh soft and toasted or grilled with a little butter for the perfect amount of crunch. The shrimp was perfectly fried with a cornmeal  coating. They give you so many that I probably had 10-15 shrimp left on my plate after I finished the sandwich.  There is a spicy coleslaw and sauce with a touch of sweetness that perfectly compliments the sandwich.  It is served with these yummy Cajun spiced fries. They were so good that I didn't even use ketchup (I always use ketchup). 
I had a wild berry mojito which was presented so beautifully. 
I will definitely go back again.Ordered lamb chops and roasted vegetables. Great choice! The in room service isn't bad either. Grilled cheese, chicken fingers and salad were great too!Very good. Better than you would expect from a hotel restaurant- without question. The breakfast and dinners were delicious. 
Ambiance 5 
Food 4
Staff 3.5
Price 3.5We have eaten here more times than I can count and every single time the food is outstanding. But my hands down absolute favorite is their chicken and sausage gumbo. It is THE BEST gumbo I have ever had anywhere ever. Some other favorites are the Tuna Cobb and the Beignets that come with 3 delicious dipping sauces. Sometimes the service is hit or miss. But after we got married, one of the servers heard us talking about it and brought us chocolate covered strawberries as a suprise to the table. So, most of them are over the top great. I would highly recommend eating there and honestly, its the first place we go to eat every time we go to New Orleans.I normally avoid "hotel" restaurants when traveling. I went to 5 NOLA classics while in town and think this restaurant wins them all. Hands down the best gumbo I had in NOLA or anywhere else recently. Salmon and Papardelle pasta where 5 stars! Amazing piano and jazz music at comfortable noise level throughout meal.SMALL PORTIONS AND CRAP SERVICE! We made a reservation for about 13 people a couple days in advance for this place because we were coming from Chicago and from the minute we walked in we were told were not allowed to pay separate checks so they made us pay on one bill which was okay I guess..but then THEY TRIPLED CHARGED OUR CARDS! For the amount of money and the reputation I expected way better service and food. Our waiter was not helpful at all when one of my friends asked what drink she should order he answered by responding "he only drinks henny" okay? No suggestions for the restaurant you work in?  The food portions were small and tasted mediocre. Not impressed at all. When we questioned why several people from our group had been charged 3 times different amounts 1 for 57.69 and two charges for 63.93? The manager said it was fine and it was just pending that nothing was going to clear. Come back home to Chicago 3 days later and it clears. Then I had to be one the phone for an hour back and forth with the restaurant and my bank to get my money refunded and now waiting another 4 days for my money back. Ridiculous experience and never coming back and would suggest to stay away!I can't say enough good things about this restaurant. Quite possibly the best filet I have ever had, the salad was so tasty and the bread pudding was rich, decadent and delicious. Service could not have been better. I highly recommend!!This place varies between 3-4 stars. Tonight it is a low 3, since we came early to get seats for Super Bowl and they are unable to get the big screen on stage to play the game.
Wine list is good. Snacks are good.
Live music, when available, is nice and adds to the experience.Went for dinner and I should have been tipped off by the empty dining room at 8:00. We had cocktails and an appetizer, the oysters Rockefeller and the Bienville were very good. The meal slid down from there. My husband's soup, although tasty, had to be sent back because it was cold. They never really got the soup hot, not scalding, just hot. My salad was lovely, a great combination of  elements, but came without dressing which I then had to wait for for a long time.  Then the entrees put the final nail in the coffin. I had the chicken, usually a winner, not here.  Dry, with some under cooked, tasteless collards and some over cooked rice.  The pork shank was bland and tasteless, although the quality of the meat was good.  Our waitress was great, I felt sorry for her because she had to keep apologizing for the food.  You know the food was bad when they comp you desert.I had one of the best dining experience of my life here.
Not only was the service impeccable--it was warm, thoughtful and caring, but the food was tasty and the music was lovely (Jeremy Davenport performs @ 9PM on the weekends--great jazz. Dining with a view, as the restaurant overlooks the Davenport Lounge).
When our server realized I wasn't eating the bread while we perused the menu (I'm gluten free), he went completely out of his way to procure me a gluten free replacement, made menu suggestions, kept my prosecco glass filled (since we were there for my birthday--please note, that was on the house), AND he had the chef create me a 100% gluten-free dessert that he presented with style (Jeremy Davenport came over himself to wish me a happy birthday) and he also gave that to me on the house. Such a treat--not for the lovely additions to our meal that we were not charged for, but for the service that was amazing!
Should have known it'd be a good night when I was called to confirm my reservation and upon hearing it was our first time in New Orleans, the host said they'd seat us in one of the private/can-be-curtained-off booths at the back of the restaurant with a direct sight line to the performance.
Michael--thanks for making our meal so outstanding!This was the worst meal we had in Nola!!! I can't even express how awful the food was. Not Ritz standards at all. We had Christmas dinner there and at $100 per person pre set menu you hope at the very least one thing would be good. It was all just beyond disgusting. This is my first restaurant review but this is worst food I've had in a very long time but I had to say something about this place. Save yourselves DO NOT EAT HERE!!!Chef is amazing, couple vegans and he came out to ask what we wanted so that he could make the best experience for us!Secret's out. 
M Bistro is offering a 2-course lunch for $10 M-F with complimentary valet. 
Went with some ladies last week, and the service was TOP NOTCH. I felt like royalty. I am convinced that New Orleans restaurants have the best service in the country. 
Treat yourself to lunch and eat like a queen for $10!Overall very good. Salmon, lamb chops and shrimp and grits are good. Salads were very good. Beignet are excellent. Each of my children are a whole plate themselves If you want a quiet dinner, this is the place to go. Service was good. Wine list was extensive and I liked the fact that some wines were discounted since they were being removed from the list. Children's menu was key feature here. When you are in NO even adventurous kids want to eat simply sometimes.At this price point, I expect better food and much better service.  The starters were great, but the main courses were merely adequate and the service left much to be desired.  Not bad, just nothing close to a good value.Top notch all the way from food to service, yummy!!! All the appetizers are good and my food was fish, too die for.  Dessert was a sampler from pecan pie to lemon drop pie.  Intimate great for a date or a really nice meal, not cheap to say the least.Overall a good experience.  Our waiter Michael was friendly, outgoing and helpful.  We started with the beet salad and seafood romelaude appetizers.  Both were outstanding.   We each had the chicken for dinner.  That was just meh - neither good  nor bad. Since we would up waiting a while for our dinner, Michael arranged for fresh beignets for dessert from the house.  They were absolutely outstanding! The best we have ever had.  Warm and light tasting.  OMG!  We enjoyed a cappuccino with them.  We would definitely try them again but skip the chicken.I pre-searched restaurants in LA for Cheese Grits and Biscuits & gravy before leaving from Los Angeles. I was staying at the Ritz and just so happen M Bistro is AT the same hotel! 
So I went down for brunch on Monday and of course ordered grits and biscuits & gravy. Grits were nice and creamy, all I added was a little bit more butter. Biscuits and gravy were also delicious. Biscuits were not too big and they pile on the gravy generously. 
Service was great. Our server was attentive and refilled my hot water
pot without asking and even brought more honey and lemon.
I LOVE staying at the Ritz and next time I will be back to try their crawfish buffet!The food is okay. The service is decent. I can tell there is a bad manager because I saw at least 3 or 4 girls crying in the back throughout my stay. The menu is very small.I had breakfast at M Bistro several times and it was delicious.  The service was extra special by staff member Lataria.  Her attention to detail was impeccable!This review is just for breakfast. I had the buffet. The variety was excellent. They had charcuterie, salmon, omelette station, fruit, berries, muesli. It was all very well stocked and clean. Problem is we basically sat ourselves, got our own check. Got our own food and my iced double espresso was extra.  Also, usually pricey buffets at luxury hotels have their own signature items...stuffed french toast, a glass of cava. This had none. It was priced for volume eating not quality.
The only thing that was truly exceptional was the house peasant bread. It was extraordinary.
So, if you want to spend $80 sans cocktails for an okay breakfast this is the place for you. Otherwise leave the Ritz and go enjoy the assortment of offerings outside in the French quarter. They may be hit or miss, but likely less expensive, better service better food and food prepared by a real cook or chef.The service was good. I had a bagle with salmon and capers. Super fresh. My husband had the breakfast buffet, it looked really good and the barbeque shrimp were so good.  I will go back. 
The decor was nice and comfortable.Eggs Benedict, omelettes galore and wonderful beignets combined with outstanding attentive service make this a must visit for a very pleasant breakfast.We had the Valentines Day dinner and it was fabulous.  Service was exceptional and the food was perfect. I would suggest their Valentines Dinner to anyone!  They will do a vegetarian option.How did M Bistro decline from 5 stars to 3?   Well, first off, I am generously giving them the third star versus the 2 stars they deserve because we've been there several times before, and this was the first disappointing experience we've had.  I believe the decline can be attributed to the fact that the dining room was closed for renovations, so perhaps the kitchen was also short-staffed.  As in the Chef was absent.  
We were only one of three tables in the lounge area, yet our server seemed very put-out that we we there and that he would have to help us.  His demeanor was brusque - bordering on rude - that is, until the manager saw us and recognized us (we visit NOLA a few times a year and usually stay at the RC).   Not surprisingly, our server immediately became much friendlier.  Minus 1 point. Wow. 
Ok, on to drinks and food.  I had their Sazerac, which has always been good; it remains so.  My wife had a glass of Justin cab, which was reasonably priced and a decent pour.  
My wife started with the gumbo, which she's had before; it was as delicious as always.  Score 1 point!  
Back to our server: whereas the lounge ALWAYS brings a small snack tray (house made chips and wasabi peas), he brought them to the other two tables but not to us...  Minus 1 point.
I saw some new dishes on the "coolinary" menu, so I opted for the grilled octopus salad, which promised: green tomato sauce vierge, fondant sweet potatoes, covey rise lettuce.   What I actually got was a small piece of octopus (which was, in fact, tasty), a few pieces of limp lettuce, the sauce (which was good) and the "fondant" sweet potatoes.  Now, it is seldom that I resort to blue language in my reviews, ladies and gentlemen, but when I attempted to take a bite of the so-called "fondant" sweet potatoes, I literally said, "WTF" (and yes, spelled it out, which earned me a hard pinch from the missus  - but I did catch her smirking) because they were NOTHING more than little round pieces of raw sweet potatoes.  There were 4 of them arranged like little Doric columns supporting an imaginary Temple to Haute Cuisine.  
Next, I tried the Steak and Frites.  Not only is this a classic French/Belgium bistro dish, it's one of my favorites.   And, after all, we were in a BISTRO in NEW ORLEANS.  Could not possibly go wrong, right?!   Well, they obliterated it.  Steak was gristly and undercooked.   Fries were thick cut, soft, and greasy.  No sauce of any kind.  Minus 2 points.   My wife's salad with shrimp was blase but not terrible, so no points either way.
I hope that our experience was a one-off and that after the renovations have been completed, things will return to the previous high standard.I came here with my girlfriend before the Phantom of the Opera on Friday night (11/07/2014). We were very impressed with our waitress, who was able to efficiently serve us. See, unfortunately we were late for our reservation (6:30pm instead of 6pm), and the show started at 8. Nonetheless, we were able to finish all of our courses. A little rushed? Yes, but that was my fault for putting too much trust into the cab company to get us there on time. So, kudos to our waitress for getting us served so efficiently. I just wish we would have had a little more time to enjoy the experience!
     To the food - the pumpkin/crab tortellini appetizer was excellent, although a little small. My girlfriend's gumbo was awesome. Her crab cake entree was excellent, too! She also savored a fruity cocktail (can't remember the name), but it was tasty! Sweet but not too sweet, and nice strength. 
As for me, my lamb chops had great flavor - delectable. However, there was a good bit of fat on them (probably 1/3 of the chop), and I have never had this problem before with a lamb chop. That was probably the only faux pas of the meal. The cheese grits were satisfying and packed with subtle flavor. I also enjoyed the Revelry Cabernet, and it was crisp, just a tad sweet, and complimentary to the flavor of the lamb chop. For dessert, we had the beignets with dipping sauce (caramel, vanilla, and chocolate) - something tasty and different! Good strong coffee (with a tad of cream and sugar) accompanied this dessert.
Needless to say, we left satisfied and happy, and our waitress received a solid tip.
We paid ~$163 for 2 entrees, 2 appetizers (gumbo & tortellini), a cocktail, a glass of wine, an additional side (grits), the beignets (dessert), and 2 coffees. We left a generous tip, so the total was $200 on the dot. 
Overpriced? I think it is what one should expect to pay for a dinner in a high-end restaurant in a world-class hotel chain in a great location (theater district). I think if the lamb chop was less fatty, it would have been more justified. Nevertheless, fair.
The only disappointments - the rushed dinner (our fault) and too much fat on the lamb chop.
Overall: 3.9 / B +The atmosphere is very elegant. The staff was exceptional. The food left a lot to be desired in my opinion. I had the Taste of New Orleans, which includes Gumbo, blackened red fish and bread pudding for dessert. The portions are healthy, the ingredients were very fresh, food was served hot. The presentation was nice but there just wasn't enough flavor for me. I think this restaurant is worth trying if not just for the experience.We enjoy breakfast at M Bistro. They have an excellent menu and a solid buffet. 
As we are vegan, we choose the buffet, to manage our selections. 
We really enjoyed house made donuts (even Jamie loves the donuts - more than the donuts in Portland Maine or Portland Oregon), sticky rolls, beignets, fresh fruit, oatmeal, grits, bran muffin, cantaloupe juice and black tea. There are many other options in the buffet, but most of which are not vegan. 
Recommended.Perfect score for staff, ambience, food and feeling like you are in a place that loves the food they cook for you as much as they love you eating it.  Just awesome and I highly recommend it!!!Wow. I was on a business trip and stayed at the Ritz Carlton. It's my first time in NOLA. I walked all around last night and ended up waiting in line to eat at a very mediocre or even less restaurant. 
Tonight I was tired and decided to eat at M Bistro. I really wish I had found this place on the first night. I ordered the shrimp and grits appetizer - it was probably the best shrimp and grits I've ever had. Delicious!
The ambience is very relaxed, swanky and beautiful. Don't waste time looking for what are many touristy mediocre restaurants in the French Quarter.So...this had to be one of the more lackluster and overpriced experiences that we had in New Orleans. When we arrived, we were kept waiting about 10 minutes while the host was schmoozing with some apparently important peeps at one particular table. Okay, so if they're big spending regulars...can understand. Once we were seated in the practically empty restaurant, it was another 10 minutes before we were greeted by our waiter. That kind of set the tone for the rest of the evening. Food was so-so and horribly overpriced. A scotch and soda came in a little glass ($10.50). The crawfish pie was tasty--flaky crust but only a few tails ($9). After having had the real deal at New Orleans Cooking Experience, the BBQ shrimp was a joke--four small already peeled shrimp in this dark, bitter sauce served over grits ($14.00--probably one of the worst price offenders).  We had the veal cheeks that came in at $32 for two rather small oval sized "cheeks". While very tasty, not sure it was worth $32. The wines are marked up about 400% and you won't find a good reasonable bottle of wine. Finally...a french press billed for two people (I guess because it gave you two cups of coffee) came in at $12--probably second place for worst price...I mean a cup of coffee for $6?!?! We were very disappointed to have chosen this place for our last dinner in New Orleans. I'd recommend staying away unless you're into being scalped by the Ritz.I am still grinning ear to ear from the amazing service I received today from the bartender at M Bistro today. He should seriously give workshops on excellent customer service. We popped in to get some gumbo because we heard it was some of the best in the city. Folks didn't exaggerate. Our fellow also talked us into trying the beignets and let me tell you, the dipping sauces were something else. It made me rethink my expectations of beignets. The ambiance of the Ritz was amazing. It felt like being transformed back in time to a place of sophistication and class.We chose M Bistro because we wanted a meal, as opposed to small plates in the Davenport Lounge. The restaurant shares the same space as the Davenport Lounge, and with the right seat, you'll still have a great view of Jeremy Davenport and the band performing. The service was impeccable! We were provided with complimentary bread (cornbread and rolls). They were both good. I started with a drink, the 1718 Tricentennial. It was amazing and ironically cost $17.18 lol. We both ordered the pork chop stuffed with boudin, covered with a mustard green gravy and accompanied by sweet potatoes. It was good, but I was still hungry afterwards. So mental note, order more food the next time! We tried the red velvet doberge and bread pudding for desert. I wasn't a huge fan of the doberge cake, but the bread pudding was quite unique. If you want a relaxing evening, good service and great live music, then definitely give M Bistro a try. By the way, the gumbo is amazing! We were able to sample some before entering the restaurant...it's the best I've had In NOLA! I'll certainly be back!Arrived pretty late on a busy Saturday night - the restaurant had moved to their late night menu - although the kitchen had closed - they bent over backwards for me to have a full menu of items to choose from.  Excellent service and wonderful redfish - great in a pinchSwanky sophistication, we were her for appetizers and they were tres Bon!
The cheese plate was full of vibrant piquant cheeses, crusty bread, fabulous jam..the sausage plate equally wonderful and other fussy, prissy server was just so posh!Food was bland . charbroiled oysters were not charbroiled just broiled, big difference. Overpriced for what you get. Great jazz band was playing at the bar so the ambience was niceService was excellent and the food was perfect. The wifi was free but complicated to get onto.I came for their gumbo and I stayed for their gumbo.  The chef du cuisine is a fellow DC area native but has come to New Orleans just to showcase his talents with the flavors of the region.   He uses popcorn rice which really pops the dish and the shrimp is cooked but not springy, its as buttery as a scallop. I highly recommend the gumbo.Pricy drink.   Excellent ambient.   I love the outdoor seating area.   The indoor seating area is equally nice.   Quaint and cozy.Hmmmm lets see where do I start, well for starters I absolutely love the blue dog theme inside of the restaurant. It made me think of my pup skipper lol. 
Anyway my best friend and I dined here one thursday night and was completely blown away. For some strange reason we were greeted at the hostess stand with a complimentary glass of champangne that was really delicious. I don't know why she gave it to us but i also was'nt complaining. As we were seated, our server immediately approached the table and greeted us by name. He was very attentive to our likes and wants. 
The food was absolutely amazing. I orderd the blackened red fish and was really impressed. It was seasoned just right, presentation was beautiful, and came out really quickly. My friend ordered the crab cakes , best she had by far. 
The desert was actually my favorite part. We ordered the Dorbege Cake. OMG this cake was absolutely delightful. The taste of it was so light to say it was such a huge cake. I did'nt even feel like I was being a complete pig after eating it. 
So will I go back? Of course. This place is well worth it and I recommend it to anyone.JUST AWFUL !!!!  Fusion gone bad. Sorry - nothing good to say about this meal. Service was ok, slow but ok. Food was really, really bad. Baked chicken breast with ... I don't even know what that was supposed to be. Soggy wet breading drenched in vanilla lemon syrup? My hubby and friends had the filet and said the meat was poor quality. Salad - bad. Gumbo - bad. The MSG headache arrived before the check did. MSG at the Ritz?!?! Shame. These dishes were over thought and under executed. Will never go back.Located on the 3rd floor of the Ritz-Carlton. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the brunch buffet with mimosa option. 
The selection is huge! Omelets, grits, bbq shrimp, fancy cheese, fresh watermelon juice, and homemade King's cake donuts to name a few. Also included are made-to-order pancakes, waffles, and beignets. Just order them through your server. 
I enjoyed the grits, homemade donuts, shrimp, and some fancy cheese. I can't forget my mimosa too! Great quality. 
I wish I had room to try everything because it all looked so tasty. 
It's a good blend of Southern comfort and yoi r traditional breakfast favorites with the touch of Ritz-Carlton sparkle. I would definitely come back.Limited menu, but not a single disappointment on it. Wait staff is professional, knowledgeable and dedicated - they like what they do and they're proud of the food. A current version of one of older classics, worth the money and occasional wait.The Ritz Carlton's all day dining restaurant hides on the 3rd floor lobby level, tucked behind the dark jazz bar. With no obvious signage, dinner guests have to discover its discrete location, strut through the midst of the bar patrons, and stand among the tables, hoping to be noticed by staff. Once greeted, diners are generally brought to tables that feature a great view (and clear earshot) of the jazz performance, a plus for those who don't require lots of conversation. 
Unexpectedly, our waiter was all business, showing no interest in conversation or getting to know us. Menus were presented, along with excellent corn bread and rolls, paired with really nice butter. The $18 kids menu offered some simple options, and we went with chicken strips, mashed potatoes, and a raspberry smoothie, all top notch.
The $35 bouillabaisse was an experience in saltiness. The two prawns were decent, but the fish as well as the mussel decked toast tasted like the ocean, unpleasantly fishy and salty, and most was abandoned on the plate.
The Taste of New Orleans set menu was hit and miss. The seafood gumbo tasted great, with a balance of salt, spice and creole contents that made all three of us happy.
The blackened redfish was decent, set on a bed of over salted but nicely textured black-eyed peas, Shrimp ÉtouffÉe, and fried okra. An ok dish, but far from remarkable. 
Dessert, an apple cinnamon bread pudding was tasty, but didn't stand out as something that fit particularly well on a menu designed for a New Orleans taste experience.
When the unpleasant bouillabaisse was mentioned to the waiter, he responded with an ok and disappeared, no mention of it again or attempt to make it right.
For bar food like chicken strips and drinks at least, this venue has a good thing going, but for something special and authentic, M Bistro sadly doesn't deliver, instead providing the kind of food that one would expect from a tourist trap restaurant on the French Quarter street.We have been coming back to New Orleans (I am a quasi-native, and my wife and I lived here several years ago) for the last 5 years to attend the Essence Music Festival.  This year, we opted to come for the Fourth of July and enjoy a quiet holiday: dinner at M Bistro and drinks in the Davenport Lounge.
We've made the Ritz our go-to hotel in NOLA (see my review) and have dined at the M Bistro several times, so we can say that it has progressed from good to GREAT!  The menu has several new additions as well as a completely new take on some classics.   Before I go into the details, it is worth mentioning that the restaurant itself (as well as the hotel) is stunning.  Choose a table near the planters that separate the restaurant from the lounge, and you will be able to watch and listen to Jeremy Davenport and his live band (Wed - Sat).
We started with a very reasonably priced bottle of Justin Cabernet.  We shared the Blackened Tuna Takaki with pickled mirliton (a local squash - similar to chayote).  It was fantastic!   Spicy, succulent, perfectly balanced heat and freshness. 
We then shared the gumbo.  Pretty much every restaurant in NOLA offers gumbo, and I grew up eating it and, as an adult, making it.  Chef Frank Gray ("Rosie") slays: this is by far the best gumbo you will ever have.  It is the essence of NOLA: deep, rich, complex.  Like the city itself, it hooks you and beckons you back...
The seafood remoulade with fried green tomato was perfect.  The fried green tomato had just the right amount of sour along with the perfectly prepared Gulf shrimp and classic remoulade.
Chef Rosie made me a bespoke pasta dish as I had mentioned to our server, Jerome (see more below) that I was interested in the cavatelli pasta but did not want a heavy cream sauce.  Chef prepared a dish of cavatelli along with crawfish and shrimp with lots of spice and just the right amount of sauce, which served as a vessel for the rich flavors. 
Jerome has taken care of us for the last 5 years, and he is superb!  He always remembers us and - what's more - our preferences!   He masterfully balances attentive service and professionalism with genuine NOLA hospitality.The restaurant was empty and we were unsure why. The waiter showed up after 10 minutes and immediately asked for our order!  I instead asked for a bottle of wine. He did a good job presenting the wine.  Then we asked questions and ordered. Our food came and there was no follow up on how things were. I then got my $50 steak that was medium well while I ordered medium rare. No one came by to ask so rather than be a dud and ruin the whole cadence for the table I just sucked it up. Also I ordered a second bottle from another waiter as mine was no where to be seen. He brought it but just opened and poured. No tasting to make sure it wasn't turned...I guess they think tasting is to make sure you like your choice while I think it's primarily to make sure it's not turned...  they didn't give the right process. They need serious help at this restaurant. Would NOT recommend!!!!Was hopeful for a great meal post setting up booth all day. Waited 40 minutes for a steak that was nearly burned (but ordered medium rare) another 40 minutes later. We still wait to get out of here. Was disappointing. Slow. And over-bearing service oscillating to being ignored. We were only one of a handful of tables and they could not make it happen. So if it is busy. Run.
Second delivery of food was cooked right and good. Would have been better with the rest of the food.I went to M Bistro This past Thursday night and Friday night. I did make my reservation through to a different platform however service was consistent all around both days. Walked in the restaurant I was Covid carded and my guest was not, This was Thursday. We got the birth and we had a wonderful waiter by the name of Jerome I was there for a business dinner. He was super attentive and did not miss a beat and everything that we requested. There's no music on Thursday night I thought that was great and there was probably only four of us in the entire restaurant and two of those were in my party including myself. On Friday night we know that Jeremy Davenport is on stage. I return this day with my husband as my dinner guests and we asked for the booth and also received a room with our waiter. Just like the previous say he was attentive and for whatever reason I was craving truffle fries which weren't on the menu and he said no problem I'll get that for you - now that service. Now I go onto the food for both days just to kind of combine things without making it confusing we had  As an appetizer Ahi tuna And the bowl of gumbo. We also enjoyed Caesar salad, and the steak. And ended with several orders of beignets (The best in town hands-down)!!!!!
Go for the beignets if no other reason.  They come serve with a caramel sauce or green sauce and a chocolate sauce. They share a light hollow inside doughnut with fresh powdered Sugar they melt in your mouth and you can probably eat all six of them yourself. 
The drinks were expensive but delicious and on point. They looked equally as beautiful. I do like the atmosphere fear here but on Friday night looks like there's a takeover of a certain crowd who pretty much probably follows Davenport but it's not a problem we had a good date night.  And the biggest part of it all is that you don't have to go around looking for parking there is valet which gets validated at the restaurant! Thanks Ritz Carlton for not missing the mark. I've read some of the reviews and I'm not sure what happened but I think it's worth a try or another try.My sisters and I went to M Bistro at the Ritz Carlton to celebrate my sister's birthday. It also happened to be during #coolinarynola so of course we took advantage of that!
We all started with the oysters. I didn't care for them. They were small and just had too much going on for me personally. They gave us TEENY Tobasco bottles which was too cute.
I had the scallops for my entree and it was delicious! They were cooked well, fresh, and flavored beautifully. I didn't care for the other items on the plate.
The chocolate cake was my dessert of choice and I loved it. It was rich and creamy but not too sweet.
Our entire experience was splendid. From the valet to the service, we enjoyed it all. I requested for a cheaters booth when I booked and they accommodated us. I liked the booth since it had curtains and gave us a lot of privacy. The courtyard is also stunning, great for hanging out with friends. Overall, the price was high for what you get but I think the experience was worth it.I came to M bistro for the first time the other and had never heard of it so had no idea what to expect. After walking through the ritz we managed to find the restaurant which you walk through the lounge to get to. The atmosphere was elegant and classy and everything was very open. My fellow diner and I split the crab cake appetizer which was amazing, there was lots of real crab in it and it was not overly breaded. For my meal I had the salmon which was super tasty! My co diner had the steak which they thoroughly enjoyed as well. All of their servers provided great service as well. Overall a great dining experience and can't wait to go back.