When I visit any city, the first thing I do as a "vegan on the go" is look for the places that will meet my dietary needs. I found this place on Yelp, just a few blocks away from the WWII National Museum. It was May 14th around 5pm, so not much was left in the case, except for some very expensive treats and some Vegan Muffins. The gentleman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. But, being it was near the end of the day and the muffins were day old, they were a bit pricey and dry. The flavor was nice, but not as fresh. Now, again, I hit it at a Monday early evening, they were about to close up shop for the day, so options were slim. I can't blame them for that. The muffins were small and, as I said dry, for the price. I was happy to find the place and I would go back again when Visiting Nola, to see if I can hit them at the right time and have a better experience. Maybe I could try a few of the dishes that other's on Yelp seemed to like. I think the could learn a lot from Breads on Oak. It's a great start down a road that so many are not willing to take when creating Vegan delights. I wish them all the best in growth and abundance.This was my first time trying vegan gluten free macaroons. I'd have to say success! I tried three flavors: wedding cake, pistachio, and marshmallow. Out of the three, my favorite would be the a close between the pistachio and marshmallow. In comparison of other macaroons I've had, these are sweeter than I'd like. The consistency is a tad heavier than your usual macaroon but it was still very fresh and tasty! My favorite part was the size! They were more mini-sized so you wouldn't feel so bad trying more than one flavor!
I can't wait to come back to try the other flavors.This was an amazing small shop find! They offer a huge variety of super yummy vegan macaroons (I only got 5 - boy do I regret not buying whole trays of them!) The rolled ice cream was really delicious, light, and flavorful. Perfect as a light refreshment on a hot day or after a big dinner. The market they are in is conveniently open late!
The cake batter milkshake was ok - the flavor was very light and thick/creaminess wasn't anything to write home about. I was really hoping for a Maggie Moos-style dense cake batter milkshake recreation, where the cake batter flavor punches you in the mouth. As a vegan, it was better than nothing, but I wouldn't get it again. Those macaroons though!!Awesome vegan macaroons 
They are made with the Luigi's from canned garbanzo beans instead of egg whites.This is inside Auction Market, which has ten different mini restaurants inside. The ice cream is vegan and gluten free. I had vanilla with strawberries and graham crackers. My friend had chocolate with strawberries. Pricy for ice cream but worth it because it's literally made to order and then rolled by hand on the spot with your choices of mix-ins. Well worth a stop!SERVING PLANT-BASED TREATS AND VEGAN GLUTEN FREE MACARONS AND ICE CREAM AT AUCTION HOUSE MARKET! 
On the third day straight of visiting this vendor in the Auction House Market foodhall, I was fortunate enough to meet the owner and operator of Mac and Moon, Kristina Ostrom. She is a friendly, welcoming and down to earth mom of two young children. Kristina artfully handcrafts her macarons in a dedicated gluten free facility with varying flavors rotating through their impressive pastry case daily. 
It's so hard to choose my favorite macaron but they include Birthday Cake, Wedding Cake, Key Lime, Fruity Pebbles, Cherry, and Strawberry Donut. Yes, the macaron are that good that I'll be going back daily until our return home. If you're interested in trying all their flavors or at least having your choice, I'd recommend going early as flavors run out as the day progresses. 
Don't miss the vegan gluten free handmade rolled ice cream which boasts an all vegan gluten free list of toppings (made to order). If you've sworn off vegan ice cream due to chemical aftertaste, you won't find that here with this homemade recipe. It's time to indulge. 
Kristina offers online and catering orders of 10, 24 or 48 macaron for home delivery delivery. I plan on taking advantage of that service once I'm home. 
Happy Eats!We were looking for ice cream and found Mac and Moon.  We shared the French Quarter Toast.  Just watching them make it was a treat.  Artfully rolled ice cream presentation that was wonderfully delicious.  Our sincerest compliments!Really good vegan macarons in a variety of flavors.  The hazelnut was to die for!  Cute place with friendly service.Didn't try the macaroons but the rolled ice cream, which is too sweet (but has good matcha flavor). Environment looks nice and there's other food options and a bar inside the indoor food court.Came in for a late dessert.  I had the wedding cake ice cream "marry me" special which came with a macaron.  We also enjoyed the bubble waffle which came with fresh strawberries and a huge serving of syrup.  Their products are all vegan and gluten free.We got the rolled ice cream and it was good! It is pricey and takes some time to make but it's a cool thing. I understand it more expensive because of the labor involved so can't complain. Would go back but if you're looking for cheap ice cream might want to go somewhere else.It was a great little hangout spot with multiple mini-establishments.  We enjoyed the wide selection of options.  Server was helpful and patient as we selected flavors.  We also got coffee from the neighboring joint.  Great area.  It was much cleaner and nicer walk than much of French quarters.My family and I were visiting New Orleans on vacation,  we ordered the Macaroon's and Vegan rolled ice cream(chocolate with cookie pieces I think) amd they were amazing!. Would definitely recommend.So yummy! Everything here is vegan and gluten free. You choose a base and two mix ins for your ice cream. I got chocolate with walnuts and cookies. It was soooo good! I've had their macaroons before from Tribe Collective in Lafayette but these were so much better (maybe fresher?). We got the red velvet and creme brulee. I've already been here twice this week!!Amazing for everything being vegan!!! Obviously going to be a little different from dairy products, but overall awesome!Macaron , blech, weird texture and pistatio flavor tasted moldy. The person behind the counter did refund my money but not very graciously. Hubby had the icecream not the best vegan ice cream we've had, and the price is ridiculous.I can never pass up a chance to have dairy-free dessert, the macaroons are beyond yummy. Even better than their desserts is their service. Don't miss this place!A tad pricey...but the macaroons taste AMAZING. I've never tasted a better macaroon. Will be back for more soon.I took my daughter here who was visiting from Australia, and she ordered the green tea bubble tea, and six assorted macaroons. It had probably the best presentation ever, and I highly recommend visiting this great location inside the auction house.I feel like I'm the only person who didn't like their macaroons. They felt way too heavy inside to be real macaroons and way too sweet. Not worth $3 per macaroon.This sounded like a great place for dessert today! 
It is inside of the Auction Market food house. I had planned on trying a milkshake but the young lady seemed so overwhelmed and she said that she had 3 rolled ice cream orders to make before she took our order. So we just decided to get a bag of macaroons to go. I hope they can have at least 2 people working there next time because it's just too much for one person and so I understand why she wasn't very nice and pretty much discouraged us from ordering anything other than a macaroon.Vegan ice cream just made as you order!!!!  Delicious!  Vegan Macaroons too!  It can be shared.  It's a decent amount of ice cream.  Very well presented!  Good customer service!My daughter loves macaroons and we enjoy trying new places. The macaroons were dry, crumbly and hollow, no chewy center. The buttercream center was flavored well. We tried 3 different flavors but the texture was the same.Ordered vanilla ice cream roll with Oreo cookie and fruity pebbles and Neopolitan macaron. Good ice cream, big rolls, pretty good macaron, 4 stars.I came here expecting a normal boba but now I am very sad. I ordered the jasmine matcha bubble tea and there was no option for sweetness so now I am drinking sad bitter tea with stiff and sad tapioca pearls. Additionally, the person working there gave me the tea without the cap on, and they just passed me the cup and then awkwardly passed me the cap in their other hand. I was a little perplexed. It wasn't hard to put the cap on but I guess they might have been a little flustered because there were 2 more customers behind me. Sad. Also the drink cost $7.16 and I'm pretty sure it's a 16oz drink. But at this point..... I can only blame meself......The rolled ice cream is AMAZING and vegan.   Definately a New Orleans must have.  I WILL be back!!!The fanciest, most gourmet bubble tea I have ever had the pleasure of drinking. The only issue was I wasn't sure what to order (the menu is NOT set up like a typical bubble tea shop's). The employee working the cash register was very knowledgeable and helped me decide on a blooming flower tea with popping lychee boba. I was not disappointed! No lid, but I sat and enjoyed my drink with a friend. We were tempted by the macarons (so many unique flavors offered!) but we didn't end up ordering any. Next time!!!This is my favorite macaron place! I could have their bubble teas and vegan and gluten-free macarons every day of my life! Also, I love love love their vegan strawberry rolled ice cream with rose petals and pistachios!!!! Unlike anything else in the city! The texture of the macarons is always so light and fluffy and just taste like heavenly pillows of amazing flavors in your mouth! Favorite flavors are probably matcha, fruity pebbles, cotton candy, roseberry, wedding cake, lavender... actually, they're all fantastic. Anything they make tastes like perfection. The people who work here are also so very sweet and helpful! They are great people who were blessed with magical macaron making hands! I would post pictures but I already ate everything! Oops! :)Vegan & GF?? No way I thought. BUT YES! My life was complete once I had a taste - DELICIOUS! 
I decided on the milk shake since you get TWO toppings, plus you can add a macaron. The chocolate ice cream was divine without being too sweet. Toppings included pistachios and cookies, which really added amazing texture and taste. Macaron chosen was the pistachio, and it was super tasty! I love that they're just the perfect size. Will definitely be back since I can have all the desserts I want here!!This is a scam. We did not know what we were walking into. Do NOT go here if you want regular NOLA bubble tea. While in lots of places bubble tea is an actual tea, we were expecting the frozen ones.. The teas taste like plants. It tastes like grassy water. Not to mention that the straw is normal sized which is too thin to drink the boba. 
     The macaroons are the wrong consistency. They are cold and hard; the opposite of what a macaroon's consistency should be. We do understand that the macaroons ARE vegan and gluten free, but it again wasn't what we were expecting. A good thing I have to say is that the macaroon flavors are very good. 
     Another issue I have is that they print your full name on the receipt. They first of all could have asked if I needed a receipt. They are waisting ink. Not only that, but this is a security issue. The automatic tip is set to 15%. I do not want to be tipping that much without choice. The worker took lots of time to make just two drinks. My recommendation would be to stay away from here unless you like tea that tastes like plant water and overpriced items.Mac and Moon is hard to find. It is located inside a small food court, along with many other yummy restaurants. 
They have the cutest macarons ever! They are a little pricey, but definitely worth it. 
The macrons are very unique and petite. They have a perfect flavor blend, and are very yummy
The stand is located in the far corner of the food court. 
The macrons go nicely with a nice cool drink.I've been here twice in the 2 days I've been in New Orleans. I had the skittles and birthday cake macaroons as well as the vanilla ice cream with fruity pebbles and sugar cookies. If you're looking for a sweet vegan and gluten free treat this place is a must!The vegan gluten free ice cream is great. They will smash up added things so you can be like a Ben, or Jerry, and make your own flavor. We got vanilla with sugar cookies and fruity pebbles. And the ice cream comes in a roll. I also likes the skittles macaroon. New Orleans has been hard to visit with food allergies, so this was definitely a great find and the other food options in the antique food court thing were also really good. Great for vegans and gluten free peoples.Yummy macaroons! I got the pistachio and strawberry cheesecake. Both were delicious, but the pistachio was especially amazing!The vegan ice cream was fantastic and the person working the counter was very friendly.I'm torn between giving this place a 3 or 4 star review so I'm going to go with 3.5/5. 
I came here twice, once at night and once the next morning. The night I came, I ordered the Blooming Flower Tea which came out to be much darker than the photos on Yelp (actually, all the Blooming Flowers looks inconsistent...) I ordered it because it was highly recommended and I previously drank hibiscus tea for dinner so I didn't want a repeat of the same drink. Other options included a matcha and jasmine drink. I also ordered two macarons that came out to be $5. I am true to my Californian roots, so these macarons are too small for that price. I can't say I'm knowledgeable about macaron prices in New Orleans, so I would like to reserve my criticism until there. The flavors are too sweet and one of the two macarons was hard--notably left out for a long time :( 
The Blooming Flower made a lasting impression and I really wanted to like this place simply because I was eating way too much seafood and Cajun and I needed a palate cleanser. So I came the next morning and ordered a black charcoal lemonade with tapioca (lychee popping boba), matcha rolled ice cream, and more macarons. This time around, the macarons were soft to the crunch albeit still a bit too sweet that I can't taste what flavor macaron I'm eating. The charcoal was really good (and I didn't take any medication that morning so it's all good) The ice cream was kind of awkward? It didn't taste anything like matcha but I think that's the side effect of being vegan and gluten free. I'm sure those with allergies appreciate it, but it was really different tasting from traditional matcha ice cream. This place is really forward in their business idea, but I don't think it's for me.The bubble waffle was delicious! The rolled ice cream with the macaron on top was a great combo. The service was absolutely friendly & accomodating. 
We forgot a souvenir there and they helped make sure we would get the item back.Great decor and friendly service, fast too. But, I don't get what everyone is raving about. The bubba tea, was not at all tasteful, sweet, or flavorful. I think I just wasted my money here.Came by to try the drinks. Got a jasmine matcha bubble tea with almond milk. The tapioca pearls were hard. The matcha flavor was there but the drink itself wasn't sweet at all. Overpriced for what it was ($8). Presentation was great though!It's cool for what it is. Fresh made ice cream and unique flavor macaroons. I was not impressed by the ice cream flavor and I thought the macaroons were too sweet and had the wrong consistency. If you are passing by then give it a try but it's not really a destination point. Also the ice cream and macaroons are expensive which is understandable after you see them make the ice cream.Got the flowering lavender tea. Not only delicious but so beautifully decorated with assorted fresh natural flowers and exotic fruit. It was rambutant for me.Tea + Boba:
If you want real boba, don't get get anything here. I'm from California and am basically a boba addict. I got the blooming flower and my sister got the wellness recovery. Both tasted watered down and as if they just hit it with some essential oils for the floral ness and poured in some almond milk. The drink could be refreshing on a hot day, but it's definitely not concentrated enough in the tea aspect. The boba... don't even do it. Hard and flavorless. Aesthetically the drinks are beautiful, but that's it. Not really worth a picture to post because of how it tasted.
Macaroons: 4/5 
Tastes great, but definitely pricy for their size.
Rolled ice cream: 4/5
Also tastes great, but overpriced as well...
Atmosphere: 5/5
Chill place to come, relax and just chat with friends. I did come after 8pm on a Friday night so I can't speak for the other hours of the day.I was so excited for an all vegan (rolled!) ice cream and macaroon place. And in such a beautiful setting. I ordered 5 macaroons and the strawberry ice cream, forgetting that I don't really have a sweet tooth, but I wanted to try everything. It was sweet. Very sweet. I ate about one of the rolls of ice cream (not sure what the flavouring is, to be honest - they used some liquid in a squeeze bottle to turn the ice cream base strawberry and I think that had to be sugar syrup) and a bite out of each macaroon over the week (my partner ate the rest). I think it's a brilliant spot to have on the vegan menu here in NOLA, but next time I'll remember that maybe only one macaroon or sharing the ice cream with someone is the better way to go because I was on a straight sugar high for days.These are hands down the best macaroons I have ever had and the drinks are gorgeous (& delicious). I walk 25 minutes just to enjoy their VEGAN macaroons. HIGHLY recommend.W O W.. This is definitely where you want to come for a sweet little something in New Orleans. Gretchen taught me how to love boba tea, she's an angel and knows her stuff. EVERYTHING IS VEGAN! Best macaroons I've ever had. The rolled ice cream is out of this world.. everything just blew my mind. I will be back!This really is not your typical bubble tea experience. Maybe my standards were too high but the tea tasted so bitter and they did not give me an option for any kind of sweetness. 
At first their frozen tea sounded nice but when i ordered they said it was no longer available....Probably the best macarons I've ever had. Sucre who? lol the teas were amazing as well! Super friendly staff. Can't wait to go back and try more of their drinksWait you don't list all your ingredients and then can't refund when your customer tells you that's she allergic to it. First of all don't be rude to people who never been to this place EVER. If I ask what flavors you ask don't cut me off. I ask for a manager he turn around and didn't wanna talk to me when I'm paying $10 for ice cream that was made with something allergic too. All I want is my refund.Short stop to pick up some vegan and gluten free macaroons which is unbelievable since New Orleans does not have too much health conscious restaurants and even less so dessert shops. 
Located inside the Auction House Market amd with a variety of options from rolled ice cream, macaroons to bubble tea and all of it vegan and gluten free. Well if you are vegan than there is not many options so I recommend you giving your opinion and trying it out. As far as the macaroons went. They tasted very similar to each other, recipe needs a little perfectionist specially on the sweet side of things. The ice cream I will come back and try and hope for the best. Service was quick and very polite young woman with the pink hair was very nice to me after having a long day. I'll rewrite my review when I come back and try the other menu items. I also like how they pack the macaroons to go.We had some macarons here while in the food market. There are so many flavors and I tasted wedding cake, raspberry, creme brulee and jasmine thai tea and they were tasty.This place is amazing. Delicious teas with edible flowers, all vegan and gluten free macaroons and ice cream (and you can't tell they're vegan and gluten free!) so delicious, I would eat here every day if I lived in NOLA. The ice cream is hand rolled with toppings insane. Such a treat!! Definitely a must if you're looking for a delicious dessert.I stopped one night right before close for bubble tea and macarons. Both were delicious! We came back the next day for rolled ice cream and I think I died and went to heaven. I can't have dairy, so it was such a treat to have fresh ice cream! Definitely stop if you're in NO!This place is great, vegan macaroons aren't something I often come across - 10/10! It is inside of the auction house market so if you're navigating using an app it is helpful to know you won't see a sign from the outside of the building.First time for rolled ice cream and it was oh so good! The lady was patient and answered our 24567 questions, lol. I ended up getting the vanilla with fruity pebbles and strawberry. Let's say that it hit the spot and was ohhhh soooo good. I still can't believe it was vegan!!!Mac & Moon has amazing ice cream and macaroons! This was the first time since going vegan that I've had a macaroon, and my first time ever having rolled ice cream, and I wasn't disappointed on either count! The servings were ample and the food was delicious! Highly recommended!These were probably the worst macarons I have ever had. I ordered a pistachio and tangerine they were very gummy and did not taste fresh.I recently went here with family and we ordered 12 macarons. I am a big fan of macarons, so we were very excited to all of the flavor options. They were expensive so we expected them to be good.  We tried a variety of flavors and were not pleased. The insides were gooey, and undercooked? Many of the flavors were bland and overall I have made better macarons.  I would say save your money and go to a better restaurant in auction house.Oh how I wish that MAC and Moon - to open in Seattle! 
We visited this while vacationing in NOLA and looking for Vegan food! 
This place is located in Magazine Street inside a building - Auction House Market. 
Vegan Macaroons and vegan rolled icecream! I ate macaroons for the first time, because I'm no egg person. 
Im a mom whose raising her kids vegetarian and I love it when I'm able to find vegan treats while traveling as well. I happened to meet the owner of this place and she's amazing - MoM too and helped me try macaroons before buying them!I agree with another yelper about the macaroons here. I did not mind the texture being thicker but they were waaaaay too sweet . I couldn't even eat them.  All I tasted was sugar instead of the flavors that I picked.  Just my honest feedback and also the fact that I spent 6 bucks on 2 inedible  macaroons  was worth sharing with you all.These macarons are not worth your time. I am a HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT and the macaroons I make at home taste better. They were exceedingly sweet, served cold rather than the traditional room temperature, and the consistency was all off (so thick, falling apart, borderline stale). In fact, they didn't even have the iconic foot - a shame and disgrace to French culture. Although macarons are naturally gluten-free, they are an egg dish and require the meringue consistency to be even remotely successful thus there is no point in even hoping for something tasty. Additionally, the macarons are about the size a dollar coin and are falsely advertised as being larger. Even LADUREE macarons are bigger, cheaper, and better. However you put it, these macarons are simply not worth your 3$.I love their rolled ice cream. It's amazing. You can pick your flavour and toppings. Very friendly and good service.Absolutely great. Earthy atmosphere, modern interior design, chill spot. This place is located inside a small food market with so many different options of foods and drinks. We originally came for the ice cream but after hearing about the teas we instantly changed our minds. Jasmine matcha tea was the best. We will definitely come back again I'll pay 5$ for a tea that good any day. A little hidden pearl.The pumpkin spice macaroon almost made me cry it was sooo good. Also the drink I got was amazing!!!!I couldn't find the place when ironically I bumped into an employee of Mac and Moon outside the building. It doesn't have a building of its own--it is one building called the auction house, on the corner, sharing a space with numerous other businesses. What a gastronomic excursion and community gathering of a place. 
I made my way to their counter where there were an innumerable amount of macaroons and so colorful--yellow ones, blue ones. In fact, that is actually what I ordered yellow poppyseed and blueberry cheese cake. Both macaroons were a little on the sweet side for my liking. Nonetheless,
The environment was enjoyable and I would definitely go back as they have many other flavors and vegan goodies to try such as the rolled ice cream. Sadly they have closed their doors. I visited pre covid.Came in here because it is 93degrees outside and I needing something to cool me down. They had the perfect choices if you are looking for something refreshing to sip on. They also have a lot of macarons a lot of flavors. I had the hibiscus tea and it did not disappoint very flavorful and cool. This is a place you shouldn't miss give it a try!Tried to get something and didn't appear to have anyone available to wait on us so we left - the guy working at the oyster place was out smoking, it may be trendy but not for usThere was a food hall right near my hotel so I decided to check it out. You can grab breakfast, lunch and dinner all under one roof. I wanted to drink some tea so I went to Mac and Moon. The Hibiscus tea was so refreshing and yummy at the same time. I had to add extra agave because I love my tea sweet. I also had the Skittles and Pistachio macaron. It was scrumptious. The macaron was soft and moist. It tasted like I was eating the rainbow. The Pistachio macaron was made so well. It had a nutty taste. Its a great place to hang out. Its kid-friendly. The noise level isn't too loud. I'm glad I found a place to relax and work on my computer.The worst, driest macrons I've ever purchased! Honestly the frozen ones at Walmart are higher quality. More expensive compared to other area vendors!Omg vegan gluten free rolled ice cream,  boba and macaroons! Come here! Eat everything! I was so very happy to have dessert options. Since developing a severe dairy allergy, dessert is the hardest to do it but historically had been my favorite meal. My husband and our friend (who both eat traditional diets) were really happy with their choices a well!Ahhhh I love you guys!! Vegan macarons and they're so beautiful and taste so nice! I bought two bags and meant to get make them last a lot longer than they did. Oh well, guess that means I have to come back again sooner than I thought. 
Toasted marshmallow, coconut, watermelon, they're all so good no matter what flavor you get.Delicious vegan an GF ice cream macaroons and fresh coffees! A must try for non dairy fresh delicious desserts ...Beautiful presentation. I came here after I ate next door for some dessert! Had some yummy vegan macaroons with really interesting flavors. Would come back here again to try another cool tea creation.I was very excited about this place. My husband and I walked here for me to get some macaroons. They were very expensive but they look so pretty. They were hard as a brick and felt like flavored chalk when they broke open. I was very disappointed . The place was tight and It didn't look anything like the pictures posted. The macaroons were very small. Total disappointment!Macaroons are absolutely delicious my favorite was birthday cake. Only reason they are getting 4/5 stars is because they did not have any ice cream or milkshakes as advertised, they happened to run out whenever I went in.Omg I got fooled by the pretty pictures...the tea was weak, and the tapioca pearls were either undercooked or frozen :( it's supposed to be soft and chewy! The macarons were very visually appealing but there's no way I'm paying I'm paying $3 per cookie if the $6 boba was a real scam.The macaroons were delish! I especially loved the creme brûlée. My husband got the rolled ice cream which was pretty good as well.
However, the boba tea is not worth $6..at all. I've had better tea and boba for $3-4. It was a watered down milk concoction loaded with essential oils. The boba was not made properly, they were hard and tough to chew. The drinks are only aesthetically pleasing, that's about it. I appreciated the staff for replacing my drink to take out the boba.
The vibe in the space was great, it's in a food hall with other vendors which is pretty cool to chill and hang out in.A vegan macaron and rolled ice cream place in New Orleans is proof of a benevolent god. 
I first tried a variety of their macarons at a Yelp Elite event and was blown away! These delicate, gorgeous orbs have an airy, slightly chewy cake-like consistency and are filled with sweet cream in flavors like birthday cake, berry chantilly and lavender lemon poppy seed. The "Kind cake" is king cake flavored and colored with spiralina. The cookies are just gorgeous, colorful and decorated with tiny edible flowers, pearls and herbs. Let's just say if a fairy was set on getting cookie-wasted, she'd obviously hit up Mac and Moon.
As I'm on the countdown to leaving New Orleans, Mac and Moon was on my eating list. Last night I ordered matcha ice cream, topped with a honeysuckle macaron. Watching them prepare the ice cream is a treat in and of itself. The matcha ice cream is the best I've ever had and not overpowered by too much matcha powder which can make it a little too bitter. It's super creamy and not at all heavy. I can't wait to try the other flavors. Vanilla with maple syrup and cinnamon is in my future. 
One thing that blows me away about their macarons is no matter how impossible the flavor sounds (Fruity Pebbles, honeysuckle), they nail it with some kind of pastry-making alchemy. It is at once diabolical and divine.So i drive across town  to try these macaroons... once I got there , they only had about 7-8 flavors ... price was high , 2 for $6 ...  normally they go for 2 $ ... lady says  well they are gluten free , blah blah blah ... but  i figured , hey if they are good , they should be worth it ... they were dry  , sticky ,  crumbled in your hand , stale , and extremely small   and so not worth  the 3 $ ... I personally wouldn't pay 25 cents ... they were awful ... don't  waste your time or money ....smMacaroons were very dried out and didn't seem to taste very fresh. Looks good but really didn't taste great. A bit overpriced and just not worth it. I believe theres better optionsI stumbled upon Mac and Moon late one night a couple of minutes before closing, this place changed my life. You have to see it for yourself, just trust me.