I would've loved to give this place 5 stars and maybe they will be once they work out the kinks but it took over 30 min to get my salmon plate and when it came out my food was cold. Everything was tasty however. My son ordered the steak and over half of it was fat although he said what he could eat was tasty. My brother and his wife ordered the lobster plate which was the main reason we drove out to the east from Metairie. 45 min later (and after my son and I finished eating) they just decided to cxl their order. Other things to note, although plates are $20 each and the tables are skirted they serve you in Styrofoam plates and give you plastic utensils to eat with and their are no waiters. I would've expected more spending close to $60 on lunch.Great new up and coming restaurant. The staff is very friendly and outgoing. I have known Derek before he opened this business, so wanted to see if he kept with the top notch food he has always been known for. Very relaxed atmosphere and casual place. 
The portion size is great and even appetizers could be meals. Price is also very reasonable for what you are getting with a meal. 
If you are in the area I would highly recommend this as a stop in and eat. Even if it is to just grab a burger and fries.Very average food, high prices for combo meals, and terrible presentation of the food. Even if you get your food to eat there, they still give you a to go box with plastic silverware. Also, they have this weird club atmosphere with loud music and a lot of open and dark space.Drink and Food specials are offered here everyday! I ordered the fried Louisiana gulf shrimp with corn and potatoes. We also tried the wings. Everything was delish. Most importantly, this restaurant is operated and owned by 3 young Black men. I will definitely be back to support. Hopefully this time I get a chance to try their lemon peppered broccoli. ‍ They we're sold out. They also have signature seasonings to bring home. It was a little warm in the restaurant but it wasn't unbearable. Do yourself a favor and check them out!We ordered steak and lobster and it was delicious. The staff was very friendly and welcoming. We will be going back.I spent $30 on a lobster tail with barely any meat in it for $20 and a handful of seafood pasta that was only like a 4oz scoop for $9 and it had only one shrimp in it. Definitely a waste of my money! This place is over priced!Typically if you want to grab a bite to eat in New Orleans East that's not a chain place or a corner store you're out of luck. MadChef makes that a little less stressful. Especially since you can order for Uber and don't have to leave the house. 
Most of the time my order is the salmon with potatoes and or pasta and seasoned broccoli. The food is decent at best tbh. The fish is over cooked most times but bare-able. And the sides tend to be over seasoned for my taste but I don't mind it. 
This place is a haven in an area where you can't get much that's not processed and full of grease. 
A go to for New Orleans east residents.The lobster is fantastic and everything on the menu that I've tried is genuinely good with a lot of flavorThe food here is delicious. The shrimp tacos are the bomb!!!! They have very good after hours (happy hour) prices and are located in New Orleans East...close to home. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. It's a good family dinner spot. Don't sleep on them.My wife and I on our trip to NOLA, got some advise from our motel staff to try this place. So we drove less than 5 min to the mad chef. Wife ordered salmon with potato and broccoli, I ordered shrimp and jambalaya and broccoli along with margaritas. Though the food is ordered at the bar and it comes in a take out container, it was far from take out food. It was delicious ! If your ever in NOLA east you need to stop and check this place out.The first time it was amazing 2nd and 3rd time it was so good last 2 time seem like my food was just thrown togetherChicken Wings don't have much meat on them. Also got the grilled catfish it was half cooked, grilled potatoes with cheese was not good at all. Crawfish fries was not hot at all. And I paid $40 for all this and it was not good at all. I will not be going back to this restaurant.So, the service is good, the wings are amazing but, they're slow as molasses! Be sure to order your food by phone, then go in.Let me start by saying, the food is great! Well prepared, flavorful and you can tell that the chef takes their time and takes pride in their craft. Now, as a consumer, I can tell that they are trying to find their footing as far as flow and ambiance. I am new to New Orleans and within my 6 weeks in the city, I've visited the location twice. They are about 30min from where I live, my willingness to make that drive says quite a bit about the quality of the food. Each time, they have been out of something. The first time it was several side options, the second time is was their specialty Big Dee drink, which is DEElicious. They were actually out of tea and lemonade. Although, I am a Trap Music fan, it is unnerving to have to audibly compete with Future and the Tyler Perry movie that were both playing at FULL BLAST. After waiting the hour for my food, I decided to just go sit in my car to eat, just for the peace. Now, again, the food is great, so I suggest just calling ahead and picking up. Which I saw many people do. Don't forget your earplugs.Delicious! We arrived at our hotel late with limited delivery options for a late dinner. Mad Chef showed up on Uber Eats and we decided to give it a try. The food was absolutely delicious. We had seafood pasta and crawfish fries. It was the perfect amount of food for 2 people to share and had great Cajun flavor! Our meal was hot when it arrived and took only 30 minutes from the time we ordered to delivery. The only thing that would have improved the food would be a slice of garlic bread with the pasta. Overall 5 stars for quality and flavor!To begin, if you live any where in New Orleans other than the east, the location is not ideal. Not only is it in the east, it's way off of Bullard. So, you can add extra tax on whatever you purchase considering the gas you used to get there.
Next, the prices are outrageous. $19.99 (plus tax) for a salmon plate? Sh*t no. Come on man, It's salmon and def should not cost that much. Lol. Then it doesn't even come with a drink! 
Finally, the food definitely does not equate to the price. Entirely too much seasoning. My sides were seafood pasta and spinach. The seafood pasta was mediocre and watery w/ no flavor. Tbh, I just picked the shrimp and crawfish out after tasting the pasta. 
To conclude, if you  know someone selling plates, your best bet would be to shop with them. I felt obligated to buy a plate after driving 20min to get there though; otherwise I would have purchased a $10-$15 plate from somewhere else (that comes with sides AND a drink).
Food was fresh and cooked to order though ‍Hubby and I dined on Saturday,  October 12,2019. We choose this establishment tonight as tourists in our own City . We had a great time . Very chilled  and good vibes. We had the pleasure of meeting Chef Detek .He made sure that everything was great .. Michelle our Bartender and Server was amazing. Our food was succulent. Yum Yum  !!!!!! Chef Derek ,the cheesecake you sent out was delicious. We will be back  and spread the Good News . Thank you , Beautiful Black Own Business !!!!!Food was great, but service was terrible. Staff was friendly, but inattentive. Dined with a group of 6+ and orders arrived with a 40 minute gap between the first and last. 
We ordered an appetizer at the suggestion of our server. It came out right before the last person was served their food. 
The ambience was rough. TVs blasting sports coverage while music plays in the background at the same volume level is stress-inducing. 
Food truck style service/vibes that for some reason operate out of a brick and mortar location.I just went to MadChef and the food was one of the greatest meals I ever tasted. Everything was perfect from the drinks and on. Great service, hospitality. Me and my girl enjoyed everything. Couldn't stop eating. We Will be coming here again. Great name to come up with for the name of the restaurant. The chef did his thing. Aka (peanut)This was my 1st time here but you can best bet it won't be my last. The food was amazing!!! I had the crawfish fries and lemon pepper wings. Even the sweet tea was good.One of My Favorite places to eat! The food is always Hot and Delicious and the service is fast and friendly! I've tried almost everything on the menu but I recommend the catfish or lobster tail plate especially if you're a seafood lover!It's a black own business! The food is Great and have you coming back for more. The business is ran by some great people who care about their customers! I send people over there because of the delicious food!The lobster was delicious and the customer service was amazing. I can't wait to go back again. Oh and my wife had the Salmon and it was cooked and seasoned to perfection.Came across this place on twitter and definitely had to give it a try. Food was great!! Worth the drive to the East.I LOVE THE MADCHEF AT 59th the food is always good the atmosphere was s amazing the staff fantastic. Everyone should come try itOverall food was pretty good. I did Lobster and steak, my wife did lobster and shrimp. The sides were well seasoned and the wait staff was nice. Now understand everything is served in to go boxes no matter what. Also understand this establishment is priced way way above similar establishments in the East. I will be interested to see if people will be willing to pay these prices consistently. Steak and lobster w/ loaded bake for $50. By comparison Fogo De Chao on canal is $50 per person for all you can eat. But it's always good to have different food options in the East.Food is ok but a heads up that it's better to order Togo if you have the time. Everything takes about an hour. Dine in and get your food in togo boxes anyways.So Sunday me and some family went here from out of town only a little over 1500 miles away.It was a horrible experience.  I cant really say if the food is bad or not because  our order was never brought out. About an hour after we order the waitress came out and said our food will be out soon.. about 20 mins go by and then someone else came out to tell us they were out of grits. I cant seem to figure out why it took so long to notify us.. People were still eating then all of a sudden the music is turned off due to it being near closing time... fast forward about 10 mins and still no food. At this point we got up and left. Ended up going to fire food and spirits and they save the day!Sunday, February 24th I was invited by a friend to attend this restaurant's brunch. Every weekend I personally enjoy a great brunch with bottomless mimosas, so I was open in trying this establishment out. I ordered the lobster tail, hash browns and eggs($20)  with the bottomless mimosas($15). The server brought my mimosa in a small plastic flute. Idk what brute they used but they brought me 2 to taste and they both were horrible. Causing me to send them back and drink water instead. My $20 entree came in a to-go box and the portion was small. I ended up having to order an extra side of hash browns and the lobster was salty. I had to eat my food with plastic utensils that was bending as I cut.
If you're a brunch person and have expectations, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant. I was caught off guard with the ENTIRE presentation. FYI I did voice my concerns to an employee and he definitely didn't assure me that the chef was going to make changes for the better. I left my friends there and had brunch at Apolline on Magazine St. I live Uptown and this was my 1st time eating in the East and after this experience it might be my last.Good was better than good, but the experience was horrible. No greeting, food served in a to go box with flimsy plastic utensils. It was 38 degrees outside, and the heater was off. Asked them to turn the heater on, but it wasn't turned on until we were about to leave which was around 40 minutes later. I ordered a steak just imagine eating a steak with a flimsy fork and knife. 
We won't be returning even though the food was better than good they're a lot of improvements that need to be done. If you go to this restaurant bring your own plate, fork, knife, and winter coat..My last day in New Orleans wanted to end my night here. Movie night was LIT! That black&Gold drink Bourbon wings was everything.  STEVE  and the rest of your staff are amazing! Because of Steve I'm  leaving 694 poundsThis is an awesome new restaurant that just recently opened in New Orleans East. I had no idea this place existed until my friend told me that he really wanted to try it out. There was no yelp page, which is usually the first thing I check for any restaurant or bar. After finding the chef's Instagram, I was able to witness some of the restaurant's food and menu. 
I came with the same friend a few days later and luckily made it in time during their happy hour. We walked in and was about to sit at a table, but the cashier waved us down to order at the register. The wings are 50 cents for happy hour, so we ordered various amounts of their Tokyo Jerk, Bourbon Street, Lemon Pepper, Buffalo, Cajun Ranch, and Teriyaki wings. I also ordered the 6oz Grilled Lobster with Crawfish Pasta and Seasoned Broccoli for only $20! We tried to order margaritas too, but the cashier informed us that we order that at the next register with a different person. 
Our cashier brought out our food not too long after we took a seat. All the food came out in take-out boxes, so definitely quick to take home if you don't finish your meal. The wings looked very appetizing, well sauced, and seasoned. My favorites were the Bourbon Street and Cajun Ranch wings! The Buffalo wings were my least favorite, while the rest were all decent flavors to me. The fries were just your usual fries, but with really good seasoning. We assumed it was "Mad Chef Cajun Nola" seasoning that was placed at each table. The main star of the show for me was the Grilled Lobster Tail entrée. I never thought I'd be able to find such an entrée outside of a fine dining restaurant. The presentation was awesome and I thought it was a well balanced meal. Everything was well seasoned and delicious!
Overall, I believe it is a great addition to New Orleans East. The restaurant is spacious with plenty of tables and the prices are pretty good! Check them out!Food is great. They NEVER answer the phone. Don't waste you time calling in before hand. The service is slow. The restaurant atmosphere is dark and drab. Sorta like they're confuse on if they want to cater to hungry customers or be a nightlife club. My last experience there was the most embarrassing. There were several families dining there with young children and there was music playing with all sorts of derogatory language that was totally unfit for a restaurant. I was ashamed for the parents. This restaurant has a lot of potential to be something great, especially since there is no other place to dine in New Orleans east. I just wish they had a great business savvy partner who could really spend some time with them (the owners) to help them to develop their business to sustain. Sustainability is the key for restaurants in New Orleans because the competition is so great. Customer service, atmosphere, great food and pricing. This will always keep customers returning. I hope this improves with this African American business.Very good food I'm happy to find a Resturant that I can get good food in New Orleans East.  The wait was kinda long but the taste of the food made up for it.The food here is absolutely delicious, I constantly dream about how good my food was!!!  I had a great time at this restaurant. When I return to New Orleans I will definitely come back here again!!!!Food was well prepared, yet chef is a little heavy handed with the salt! Has a great variety of food, i tried a lotI went there for the Salmon. I had it a few times before and it was always over cooked but still edible so this time I asked for it to be a little under medium. I was told it would be a 20 min wait. After waiting almost 30 mins some guy came from the back and told me it would be a extra 10 mins for the food because of how I wanted it cooked. I said I was confused because I wanted it cooked under medium so it should have taken less time. 
I asked for a refund because I was tired and ready to go home. The cashier goes to the back and comes out with a plate of food saying my order was ready and if I still wanted a refund I would have to wait. Confused, I asked what did I have to wait for. The cashier said a refund.
I was certain that they over cooked my food and that's why it was taking the additional time. It was pretty convenient that all of a sudden my food was ready. I didn't argue I just took the food and left and of course when I opened the plate and took a fork full of
The salmon I could tell it was over cooked.
Never going back!!!!!The food is REALLY good. The people are pleasant and it's close to my house. It would be a four-five star but...
Called in an order because I was in a rush. I had to prompt them to tell me what time it'd be ready. They claimed 15 mins. I got there about 22 mins later. Once there, i waited 17 MINUTES!!! What's the point of ordering ahead.m if i still have to wait another 15 minutes. Their only response, "it's coming". That's not helpful when your in a rush AND called ahead of time.I went here a few days ago. I ordered the loaded crawfish fries and wings. I cannot fully recall the flavor but something bourbon I believe. The loaded crawfish fries wasn't my favorite only because they tasted so different once I got inside (5 minutes away) I enjoyed the wings. It was a pretty laid back environment and everyone was friendly and greeted me.Food really flavorful, and thanks to the Manager Dev for his patience. Had two very rude and testy ladies ordering ahead of me and he handled himself very well. I didn't get the bartenders name before leaving out, but my drink was good it tasted like juice, and I didn't even realize how strong it was until it hit me.I've only been here once, but I did enjoy my service. The employees are extremely welcoming. They suggested I try the steak. It was really good. I just feel they could have used a little less seasoning. The seasoning over powered the natural flavors of the food. That's not enough to keep me away though. When in need of a good quality meal in the east, this is the place to visit!The bartender was really nice, but the guy that takes the orders was awful! It was our first time here and will not be back! Food was actually really good, wish the service was tooI am extremely disappointed in some of these negative reviews.  My husband and I have eaten in some of the finest restaurants throughout this city.  My husband worked in the French Quarters when he was a teenager, so he knows quality food!   MadChef is trying to give us something in the East so that we can stop travelling every where else to find good food.  He is just starting up.  It's called overhead.  If you have good business sense, then you would understand.  My hats are off to MadChef for trying to accomplish something that few want to even try.  He is experienced enough to go any where but  he chose New Orleans East.  If you feel that way about it, just don't come back, I assure you, he'll get business.  My husband and I have had the tacos, with delicious grilled shrimp; lobster with potatoes and spinach (all quality).  That's the problem with us.  We're our worst enemy.  Stop being so negative and give MadChef a chance!  God has his back.  He's a young entrepreneur who just want to do something good but it takes time for a business to develop.  I must commend him for not waiting until he gets the fine china, etc.  Keep doing what you're doing MadChef.  We are always in your corner! Bon Appetit!Interesting place. The owner I believe very friendly and helpful. I got the teriyaki steak and my friend got teriyaki salmon, both with broccoli and roasted potatoes. Protein size here is HUGEEEEEEE. The seasoned broccoli was soo delicious, the only thing I would change is the placement. They put it under your steak or salmon and then it gets soggy and gets the teriyaki flavor when it already has its own flavor. The potatoes in my opinion are better without the cheese. I also added a grilled lobster tail to my entree and it was worth every single penny. I literally loved it. I wanted to give this place a 4 star review but well, there was another review I came across about being served this gigantic piece of inedible fat and guess what? I too was served that as well, majority of my 8oz steak probably came from that alone. The food does take long to come out but that's because everything is made in the back nice and fresh and all good things take time. I would definitely return or recommend this place to anyone visiting.Unless you appreciate quality food and hospitality you won't like this place.   Bartender and regular customer at the bar from the barber shop down the row was MORE than friendly to a couple of out of towners !! SO GLAD I FOUND THIS PLACE !!  And my new barber!!    
Please try the Jambalaya tacos . You wont be sorry!!Everything is absolutely delicious  The Chef and his crew are very welcoming and accommodating. The Chef also has his own seasoning line that you can purchase.Hands down the best place to eat in New Orleans East. The drinks are delicious and the staff are friendly!!!! The amount of food they give you, I always have left overs for the next day.I made a trip from Tulsa, Ok to purchase seasonings and a to go plate. I got a chance to meet the owner and the staff was very nice. This restaurant did not disappoint! I'll make sure to visit again!The food here was absolutely great. The manager was very welcoming, engaging, and made sure we were satisfied. I had the STEAK, corn, and seafood pasta. I ordered the salmon, but it wasn't available, so the manager allowed my brother and me to substitute it. When I say you HAVE to eat here, you HAVE to eat here. Plus there is a great story behind the origins of this gem. Shoutout to MadChef at 59th all the way from The ATL!Once we found it ....
We were disappointed to say the least! Maybe we caught them on really bad day !
The food was decent ..... small portion large price!
The young lady needs to find a new job!
Not very customer friendly . 
Also the door to the kitchen area was fsdThe food was delicious had to wait a lil because I ordered big but the place was nice and the ladies bathroom was very nice and cleanI got my food via Uber Eats but I at in the restaurant before. I ordered the Teriyaki Salmon which was omgggggg so good with garlic potatoes and steamed broccoli. Chef Gone Mad be cooking his a** off. The food never disappoints me. Support Great Black Owned BusinessesLet me start by saying this food is AH-MAZING!!! & well worth the drive to New Orleans East.
The Salmon was flavored perfectly and cooked to perfection. It melted in my mouth and had a nice crispy bottom (drool). The seafood pasta is not your average dry pasta side. It is juicy and poppin with flavor!
I even had the chance to talk to the owner for a bit and ask him a little about the place.
Mad Chef has been open for a little over a year, but Chef Derek took over sole ownership not too long ago. He's been working to renovate the space for events both private and public ( think baby showers & parties; football games, fights). They have a full bar, 3 large flat screen TVs, and a MASSIVE projector.
P.S. The portions here are quite large. You def get your $$ out of these plates.
P.S.S. Black Owned Business!!!I was so looking forward to trying this place. I heard so many good things about it we went there a few months after it opened this was during the summer time first of all the air conditioner was broken that may not have been their fault so I don't take a star way because of that. I ordered a lobster plate to go because it was too hot to eat in there. Once I got home to eat my plate I was thoroughly disappointed because the side dishes which was a creamed spinach was extremely Salty The Lobster was salty everything was salty it seemed as though someone just poured a box of salt on the entire plate I was exhausted that day so I did not feel like going all the way back so I just discarded the plate I didn't enjoy it at all. Hopefully they have improved in this area. Way too much seasoning and too much salt.If I could give 10 stars I would! Treated my friend here on a Friday night as a present because he's moving to Texas and they definitely did NOT disappoint! From MS so it would've been disappointing to drive there and it not be good, but that was definitely not the case. The food was hot and fresh. We shared the Stunt Combo which consisted 2 large shrimp jambalaya tacos, large portion of crawfish cheese fries, and 6 Wings of your choice, we had bourbon flavor. It was 24.99. And we had a lobster tail (separate from combo) The wings were my friend's favorite, they were the perfect combination of sweet and spicy. You could tell the sauce is homemade, my friend said they were the best Wings he ever had! My favorite part was the jambalaya tacos the shrimp were huge and seasoned well (the chef has his own seasoning line you can buy) and the rice and sauce was very savory. It was the same sauce they used on the Wings. Do not let the fact that just because it come in paper plates throw you off, it's still EXCELLENT food. Real plates doesn't always = good food. They are a new business and a lot of new businesses do that, just like my uncle when he first opened a restaurant and eventually got real plates when he could afford them. But either way I don't care if they do or not, the way that food was tasting I damn near would've ate it off the floor Kml! Please keep doing what you're doing, I'm taking my boyfriend here next and will be back soon.This review will cover the 59th Restaurant & Bar both as an eating/drinking establishment and as an event venue.  
This is a great event venue for smaller events in the east.  Most of the event locales in the east are relatively large and more traditionally decorated.  This location is smaller and is great for any casual event you may want to throw.  In fact, is it perfect for church singles groups game night as it has multiple tvs and games such as large size Jenga and shuffleboard.  
Another pro about this venue compared to places in the city is parking.  The venue is in a shopping plaza and has a parking lot.  No one had issues with parking for our event and, when I was a member of the nearby anytime fitness, I don't recall parking ever being an issue.  
The final positive aspect for 59th as an event venue is the bathroom.  I was told the bathrooms were excellent and well above par in terms of both cleanliness and accouterments.  
The one aspect of this place that may need room for improvement is scheduling.  However, I am reserving judgement because this was an aspect that I did not experience first hand.  Allegedly, they were informed that we would have a large party meeting there and would be guaranteeing one drink purchase for each person that had RSVPd.  That being said when I arrived as the point person they were not aware and therefore small things such as having group seating available, having the staff available to efficiently serve the group wasn't there
.  
Fortunately, we were quickly appeased due to the surprisingly good quality of food.  The food is not your typical carryout food even though this is definitely operating as a carryout place (i.e. everything is served in Styrofoam).  So, in addition to the traditional wings and fries there are seafood and steak options as well.  The wings and each of the sauces we tried (Teriyaki and a second with a name I can't recall) were so good.  The fries were crisp and not greasy and well seasoned.  The tacos that someone ordered were delicious as well.  We were a little surprised that the tacos came as a single order because who eats one taco. But they were very tasty.  I would suggest making two tacos to an order and just increasing the price a little.  
We also ordered drinks.  They did not have a drink menu which I am not a fan of. However, everyone was satisfied with their drink except one person who ordered a whiskey sour because they did not have the items needed for the drink.
I'm so excited about the growing food options in the East.  I remember when I first moved here 5 years ago there were basically two places that I was excited about eating or hanging out at.  Now there are several and I'm grateful for the entrepreneurs that decided to take the bet that they could be successful out here.If you are looking for a place with great customer service and professional workers that will greet you and take your order and get your food to you promptly then don't go here this is by far the worst restaurant I have ever been too the food is over priced for the portion size every one who works here has a attitude and nobody here knows how to run this establishment properly if this guy wants to stay in business long he needs a whole new staff and train them how to give customer service take orders greet people I thought I stepped into a night club where u have to chase down the bartender for a drink and a menu all thumbs down on this one.I had been looking forward to trying this place after seeing their Instagram posts. I ended up very disappointed. I understand if you're just starting your business and have a limited budget, but if you're offering dine-in service, at least have regular plates and silverware that can properly accompany the food you're serving. The menu listed and 8 oz filet and a couple other steaks. The other steaks didn't name a particular cut but rather the preparation ie. teriyaki steak. I kinda figured that it wouldn't be a top grade steak for the price, but I do know that a filet of any grade is doable so I figured I couldn't go wrong with that. Besides, I didn't want a lot of meat anyway. I asked for it to be cooked medium. I added a lobster tail with it. My son had the burger with fries and my daughter had the stunt special which was supposed to be 2 shrimp jambalaya tacos, 6 wings, and crawfish fries. It took about 45 minutes or so to get our food which all came in Styrofoam to go plates with foil lining and plastic utensil packets. I didn't find out until after we left that my daughter only had 3 wings instead of 6. My food, on the other hand, was something different. First of all, my steak wasn't a filet. It was a sirloin that wasn't medium. It was closer to well done and had already been cut. I asked the guy Dev at the counter about the discrepancy and he said that it's actually a sirloin that you can get plain or with glaze. I told him that his menu should say that instead of advertising a filet. He asked if I wanted another entree, but I really didn't feel like waiting another 45 minutes for something else while my children were well into their food. I told him I would just deal with it or so I tried. The plastic utensils that came with it was the little knife, fork, spoon, and napkin sets. Keyword "little". Those poor utensils couldn't do a damn thing with that tough, fibrous sirloin. It barely cut the lobster tail. I was barely able to take 2 bites of the meat. I still had to end up stopping to get something to eat for myself before going home. Then before we left, Dev comes hand me a coupon for $5 off of $50 on a future purchase. Was this supposed to make up for my disappointment? I highly doubt it if would spend a whole $50 n that place again.The food is amazing. Everyone who works there is really friendly and accommodating. The wait time is good for the quality of food that is received. My favorite things are the Jambalaya Tacos, Salmon, Crawfish Fries, and ani salad with any add on. Everything is seasoned well and fresh.OWNED ALERT  Today I decided to try a place that has been on radar for a long time @madchefat59th. And I will let y'all know now you will wait for a min but the food is def worth it. I got the Salmon plate with seasoned broccoli and potatoes and I added a lobster tail. Everything was seasoned to perfection and I will def be back. #blackownedbusiness #seafood #neworleansfoodblogger #foody #madchefI recently visited this spot, food was delightful, and I was greeted and served by the most courteous bartender! Name is Van? Great guy, awesome conversation, and very attentive. Will definitely be back to visit!!I happened to venture into this spot after getting my hair cut at the barber shop very near the restaurant. The bartender Mel was very very personable. She made her signature drink called the SITUATION for me.....let me tell you...it was pretty and delicious. THE SITUATION WAS DEFINITELY THE TRUTH. I also order the Loaded Crawfish Fries that we're so delish. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to all of my friends and family.  I will be back to try more of the items listed on the menu.Had heard good things about the food. When I actually tried jt, it became a m a z i n g! Great food and consistency.Omg. The manager and the bartender gave my family the best service. I think the pretty lady that made our drinks name is Mel. Her personality is over the top and she explained the menu to us very well. Despite the food taking a while to come out. It was delicious!!!!!So wanted to love this place, but sadly did not. You have to order your food from the bar which is no big deal. We were informed they were out of wings which are prominent on the menu and a part of a combo or two. We settled on fried shrimp with Cajun fries and broccoli. We also ordered 2 mixed drinks. We waited an hour for our food and the drinks arrived AFTER our meal. The shrimp were flavored well, but unfortunately they were overcooked and chewy. My dining partner had 2 that were inedible. The fries were pretty good but just sprinkled with Cajun spice. The poor woman taking orders really could use some help. Perhaps a dedicated bartender? She had a heavy hand when pouring our drinks which would have been appreciated more had we received them well before our meal.This place been on my radar and wanted to support . Passed up ALOT of restaurants to get to this one. Deep from the Westbank to the East. Sat is standstill traffic on the high rise for 45 minutes because of car accident.  Finally get there, we are excited . Ordered the Surf and Turf /SALMON- total $129.00. Mention the word SALMON several times on ordering. Pretty heavy price for what we received .  We received our order but we didn't check it before leaving , so we head back home to the Westbank. We have our wine and now ready to open the pan and distribute food for two. WE SEE STEAK!! Where the hell is the SALMON??? We don't eat much beef and besides that's not what we wanted or paid for. Called the restaurant asked for Derek, he couldn't come to the phone . They recommended I travel ALL the back the restaurant to just exchange the steak for SALMON!! Who wants to travel back there after getting home and settling down?? Total FAIL ! Poor customer reconciliation!! Extremely disappointed!! We just spent 129.00 to be disappointed!! We ordered your most expensive dish. Disappointed how they decided to handle the situation. NEVER returning !! CHECK YOUR FOOD BEFORE LEAVING !!I've only ever had this as a delivery order so I can't speak on dine in, but my food is always so good! I get the grilled shrimp with seafood pasta. The pasta has such a good taste and it's spicy! I love the flavoring on the shrimp (teriyaki) but they have another sauce available as well. Good amount of food for the price as well.I took my kids here for dinner. The owner had two big tvs and saw my struggle and played a cartoon on the big screens. Thank you sir for making my drink, which was good and helping entertain my kids while I wait for these wings, burger and kids fingers. I would highly recommend this New Orleans east restaurant for space, drinks, food and I think I saw a local hot sauce the owner made!!!!The grilled lobster is  and the Thai flavored chicken wings are delicious. I would recommend.AMAZING!!! Everything was delicious here! From the drinks to the mad chef wings, lobster, steak and seafood pasta!! Don't let the appearance deter you as it's not a traditional restaurant set up as entrees are served in to go boxes BUT the food service and drinks makes up for all of that!! Mel was a great bartender and server!Your typical scam food shop. Overpriced small portion plates with no seasoning or quality. Don't waste your time.Their food is the bomb.com, I wouldn't have it no other way from the wings to the losbster and sautéed spinach..yum!!!