I ordered the "peacemaker" po-boy, which did not disappoint!!! I would've given this place a 5 but they didn't bring my appetizer, and the mustard I ordered was stale and in a package. Will I go back? Absolutely!!! Very cute and quaint, away from the hustle of bourbon street and the fowl smell. This is in the garden district. So enjoy a sandwich and then a stroll.Oysters. Bacons. Cheese. Peacemaker.
Once I heard about the Peacemaker, I knew I had to make Mahony's a priority. And was I ever so happy to have made it. Every bite was a delight. They do not skimp on the ingredients, but I do wish I asked if they could melt the cheese, because that would have been simply perfection.
We also had the roast beef and dirty fries (which were "the best thing ever," according to my friend), and the root beer-glazed ham po'boy (which was consumed in less than ten minutes...the ham is tender and the root beer made this anything but an ordinary ham sandwich). Everyone was happy with their po'boys, and I still dream about the Peacemaker when I have a serious craving for a great sandwich.
The staff were very nice and scored bonus points with us for cheering on the Warriors alongside us. They were also very friendly and efficient.
If you are looking for amazing po'boys, Mahony's will not disappoint. You have to keep in mind, though, that they are not the cheapest. But boy are they worth the extra buck or two. Have the Peacemaker if you like bacon and oysters!I don't live in New Orleans anymore, but every time I come home, Mahony's is usually the first place I go to get a shrimp po boy, cheese fries and a beer on tap. It's SO good, I'm salivating thinking about it and missing home more!! I wish I could tell you how good the rest of their food is, but I don't think I'll ever change my order.I've been hearing great things about Mahoney's on Magazine St, so we finally tried it out the weekend before last.  The place is a bustling converted building with wide front steps and original floors, and was certainly busy upon our late-lunch hour visit.  We ordered 2 small po-boys, a side, chips, and 2 sweet teas.  The tab?  $42+.
The sandwiches were good, the potato salad was so-so, and the tea was sweet.  But, this place is not worth it.  I doubt I will be back, and instead opt for Jonny's or Central Grocery in the Quarter.  You'll be much more pleased with your $$ spent.Very nice place on magazine. I don't get why it only has 3.5 stars here on yelp. Probably some Hipsters thinking it isn't alternative enough. Anyways,  we had different PO-Boys and they were all amazing!Literally the best po boy I've ever had!! I went a little adventurous for me and got the chicken fried liver and slaw po boy -- simply bc I was intrigued. It was amazing!!!  Also got the pig fries. Service was great and friendly! Highly recommended!!!Dined here for the first time and loved it.  Our group of 6 enjoyed shrimp poboys and Pig Fries - fries topped with delicious pulled pork and thin crispy onion rings.  We will be back!Okay but not great. Everything was fried in almost straight cornbread. FYI half a poboy is more than enough for one person. Tastes like typical poboys but not worth the prices...
30 minute wait we were warned about turned into 45 for poboys that were big but too expensive and mediocre. Breading is almost pure cornbread. Fried green tomatoes were cut into too large wedges that only cook halfway through and the breading just  falls of in one piece as soon as you touch it. Staff was polite and friendly thoughWe had a great lunch and tried 3 different Poboys. The short rib, the lamb stew and shrimp. Fantastic!!!The fresh cut french fries and fresh thinly sliced  onion rings are amazing.  All of the poboys are tasty, but I am partial to the root beer glazed ham and cheese, the roast beef, and the jumbo shrimp poboys. I would say it is one of the best poboy shops in the city.  Have a seat on the front porch and dig in!Peacemaker po boy was delicious. I really dont care for the bread they use. I now realize its all over louisiana. The buffalo oysters were amazing. I will come back.I always hit the spots Guy visited. Super excited to find this gem. 
The peacemaker
I got shrimp only. The small was very filling, I can't imagine having the large. The shrimp were nice and big, none of that popcorn crap. Good hard fried with mild seasoning flavor. Loved the dill pickles, very crisp. The maple bacon was a nice compliment to bring it all together and I loved they used legit thick sliced cheddar cheese. Very delicious po'boy. 
Onion straws
Hands down the best ones I've had. Truly held up to their award winning status. Nice and thin, fresh oil was used and crispy goodness. 
Sweet Tea
I love coming to the South to get legit delicious sweet tea. Perfect amount of sugar so it wasn't overly sweet and a good choice of tea that they use. 
Jininie 
She was an awesome server. Very friendly and keep the refills coming BEFORE I could ask. Prompt with greeting you and bringing out the food while it was still hot. Make sure you sit in her section. 
Thanks Triple D for leading me to another great find!The Etouffee fries are amazing for starters.....
We also had the short rib and shrimp remi po-boys. They were simply delicious. We would definitely go back again to try their different types of po-boys.Got the oyster Po-Boy and was kind of disappointed. Not much flavor. We got the fries with debris and the debris was barely warm.The most amazing roast beef po boys I have has so far. Sooooo juicy and tasty and I highly recommend it!I'm with the Rita M. who wrote that the staff are great.  It's not that the food will blow you away but it's just simple comfort food with nice wait staff and a fun atmosphere.  I had a delicious draft beer with a po' boy of fried chicken.  The wonderful bartender gave me a description of what makes a po' boy a po' boy.  The fries were as delicious as the sandwich.  This is the kind of place I would stop by to after a day of work for a beer and a sandwich and a nice chat with the bartender.  It's a keeper.Stopped today at mahonys to eat a good po boy sandwich and was deeply disappointed!  I ordered an angus roast beef dressed and the meat was severely burned,  dry and hard as a rock.  I showed the meat to the waitress and told her it was bad and she did not offer me another sandwich or a discount from the price.  This poor quality of food in a po boy city is inexcusable. The manager should be ashamed.  Ruined part of my vacation. 
Pig fries were good.  
I won't return.My fried green tomato and remoulade po-boy was good, but not earth-shattering. I was a bit disappointed because I'd heard so much about this place and it was so close to where I was staying. Though the ingredients were fresh - and I really appreciate that you can add extras (like pickles!) at no extra charge - the concept (bread, tomato, dressing) just seemed unimaginative. Hate to say it, but I've had much better po-boys at the Cajun restaurant near where I grew up... in New York.
I think that if you want a decent sandwich that will fill you up, this is a great option. On the other hand, if - like me - you're hankering for one of those fantastic meals in a new place that exposes you to a cuisine and gives you new perspective blah blah blah.... well, this is not going to do any of that.Soft shell crab po-boy was fresh and delicious.  Counter staff was very pleasant and accommodating.  French fries were fresh and really good.
Others in my party had roast beef, shrimp and arugula salad.  All very good.
Overall very nice!Found this place on Diners Drive ins & Dives. My fav show.... Anyway flew from miami and this was the first place on my list. Huge po boys. Whats even better are the onion straws!!!!! I had the pork po boy but i liked my husbands burger even better. Great little place!Yes, the po-boys here are good. Nice quality, crusty French bread with top-quality ingredients. However, the prices for their signature po-boys are also stratospherically high. If you want one of the po-boys that they are (rightly) famous for, expect to pay $11-25. They are filling and high-quality, but it just seems to run counter to the spirit of a neighborhood NOLA sandwich shop to be charging so damned much for them.
Everyone loves the root beer-glazed Chisesi ham and cheese, and it is a great choice. Their most unique option is the fried chicken liver with Creole slaw. Very delicious if you like the weird, mineral-y taste of liver. The mustard-y slaw cuts the richness of the livers so that it's not too bad. The most expensive options tend to be the po-boys containing seafood: there's a fried oyster, bacon and cheese that I've never tried, and a jumbo shrimp, fried green tomato and remoulade that is AMAZING. However, it will set you back...it was like $25.00 for a medium-sized one of those bad boys when I visited. I've also had their extremely thin-cut onion rings...hmmmm. I think I prefer traditional onion rings, but these are not bad, and doubtless they will find fans.
You can expect to wait a good long time for your po-boy, especially when this place gets busy in the afternoons and evenings. They've got a selection of beers, wine and some cocktails while you wait, though. I've heard anecdotes about a special night where you can get a 1/4 po-boy and an Abita for $10 or so, but I've never been. I just don't think that a quarter sandwich would fill me up...I had the Peacemaker. Which is fried shrimp bacon and cheese. The bread was too much and too hard. The cheese was not melted. The only thing that saved them was the fried pickles I devoured.Cute place. Amazing food. Servers are great!! The alligator sausage poboy was the best!! And get the fried green tomatoes. You won't be sorry. This is coming from a local girl.I really love the feel of Mahoney's. Casual and cute, not too divey, but just laid back southern charm. There are Leidenheimer Bread posters, Saints memorabilia and Dixie Beer posters adorning the walls. That's my kinda place.
I went and split half of a roast beef and half of a shrimp with a friend. The roast beef was out of this world. I loved it and usually am not a huge fan of roast beef poboys. The shrimp (normally my favorite) was just not up my alley. I may be in the minority here, but I'm not a fan of corn meal thrown into the breading on fried shrimp. I know, I know...but it's just not my thing. It had a good flavor but honestly the corn meal ruined it for me.
I'll definitely be back to Mahoney's to try that roast beff again and sample more from the menu, though.
Happy poboy eating!I stopped in for my first visit for lunch and when I got there I went to sit at the bar. I wasn't told hello or anything.  The bartender was just looking at me with no smile. I know this is a poboy shop but when you have a bar and a dining room, you should maybe be a little more hospitable than that. I had to ask for everything, it seemed, including my drink. I asked for half sweet half unsweet tea. What she gave me tasted like simple syrup it was so sweet. The poboy was good, though. I think it's kinda hard to mess up a chicken parm poboy on leindenheimer French bread, and they didn't. That's about the only positive thing I can say about my first visit here. It has some interesting things that sound good on the menu, so I will be back, but I will be grabbing to go. I would recommend ordering to go from this place, because the food is pretty good and you can avoid their bland ass shitty service.Went here late in the afternoon to avoid the lines. If you can hold out for a late lunch, the fried green tomato po' boy here is awesome.It's amazing what happens when you get on TV.  This place has ok Po-boys at unbelievable prices. Go to Domilise's on Annunciation and Bellecastle or make the trip to midcity and hit up parkway bakery. This place has outrageous prices for a Po boy And is not a New Orleans institution.Started our most recent road trip in 'Nawlins and had to make a stop to try a po-boy at Mahony's and boy was it good. We had the shrimp and the roast beef po-boys and they were excellent. And the fact that Mahony's is locally owned made it even better.Bland city!  The only thing positive I can say about this place is the sweet tea was good.  Nothing else had any seasoning at all.  The fries didn't even have salt.  If you're looking for plain cooked food this is your place.  We went because we saw it in Triple D which must be why it was packed.  There are much better places in Nola to eat.  This was a waste of a meal in a city full of great food.There is nothing  Po about this place, Boy can they deliver on the flavor! Started out with some spicy house made buffalo wings, you know that hot Vinger buttery coating kicked off the taste buds and got me warmed up for my dressed hamburger po boy . It was perfect, so juicy, and fresh veg made it a home run in my book. I also snuck a little but of my companion's roast beef po boy and ooo la la talk about deliciousness! If you need a great sandwich, at a great quaint location, for a great price then look no further because here it is!I went here with my friend for the crawfish etouffee. The rice was apparently undercooked.Great food. Roast beef and shrimp Po-Boys were my favorite yet. Better than any place in the French Quarter. And the onion rings are so good too.If you stop to enjoy a po boy here, try the ham or chicken liver poboy.Stumbled into this place on Ash Wednesday, we were picking up our car which we had left from the prior day's marching parade.  We were looking for something quick and simple cause we had a plane to catch.
Strictly a Po Boy Shop, I ordered the Oysters Po Boy.  Not bad at all, good crunch and flavor to the oysters.  I overlooked the shrimp, fried green tomato, and remoulade one.
The service was very good, especially the 79 year old sweet lady that was helping out.  She introduced herself as the owner's mother -in-law.  Man this lady had some kind of energy, she was running around and cleaning tables and giving out orders like crazy.  Keep on truckin granny!!!Do you enjoy waiting 45 minutes for a po-boy? Do you enjoy food that's subpar compared to similar restaurants in New Orleans? Are you into paying exorbitant prices for sandwiches? If you answered yes to any or all of these questions, Mahony's is the place for you!
Seriously, today I put in my order at 12:52 p.m. and received my sandwich at 1:31 p.m. A 30-45 minute wait for a po-boy is inexcusable in this city. Not only that, but there are countless places that have better po-boys: Parkway, Domilise's, Crabby Jack's, Commerce, even your neighborhood grocer probably carries a better po-boy.
And the price. Geez. $32 for two six-inch po-boys (catfish and shrimp...nothing fancy), two sides and two Diet Cokes. The places listed above don't charge close to that amount for superior products.
Don't waste your time. And I should clarify that I've visited three times and left disappointed every time. The ONLY reason I'm giving it two stars instead of one is because of the onion rings. So there's something worth mentioning. You might get those in 30 minutes instead of 45 because I was done with mine by the time my sandwich arrived.
In marketing, there's a saying: fast, cheap, or high-quality...pick two. At Mahony's you don't even get to pick one.The food was great!  The Po' Boys were great.  Shrimp Remi was so good!  It was nice to have the option to have the shrimp grilled instead of fries if you wanted. The Slow pork po' boy was the best sandwich I've had in awhile.  To Top it all off Palm, our server was funny, fast and awesome.  We were a big party and they handled us with ease!  We will definitely be back.I'm always craving a fried oyster poboy when I come here, and they definitely deliver. I'm no expert on poboys, but the ones I've had here are delicious. Outdoor seating is also in a nice location on Magazine street, and they allow dogs on it.Despite being on DD&Ds and being home of the original Po-Boy, the bread was too high and there was too much mayo. Also, sides were extra. I feel like this restaurant capitalized on Guy's visit by going from mom and pop to more commercialized. It got us down to Magazine street and a place to go with nice service and ambiance, it kept me full for most of the day, but I feel like the sandwich itself can be a little different and a choice of side given with your sandwich. All in all though go and check it out and look around Magazine Street when there, cool place!Great service, we spoke to the manager endlessly while eating our food on a late Thursday afternoon while sitting at the bar and had a wonderful experience. 
   I think out-of-towners aren't aware of what a Po-Boy consists of (Google it if you don't know so you will be well-versed or ask the server, they're never afraid to talk to visitors) As for the food, my husband had the shrimp Po-Boy and let me tell you, he's a big eater and couldn't finish it. I had the fried oysters...they were cooked to perfection (some places cook them to the point of being dried out) and I had so many of them and a nice size too. They didn't skimp on the food and even gave me a decent "sample" of beer prior to purchase. 
   It is very hard to find parking and would NEVER recommend eating here unless you come by cab, friend, bike or feet, because parking is a bear...but when you get here, well worth it.To-go or eat in, Mahony's has the best po-boys of all the spots I've tried. I've had the peacemaker and the shrimp, and to be honest, haven't strayed from ordering the same two in rotation. Located in a lovely and remodeled shotgun house, it's easy to miss and mistake for someone's home.
The porch outside is quiet for Magazine Street, and inside there's a bar where 1 or 2 men are sipping beers, and two rooms with seating, depending on how quiet and how close to the food you want to be. You place the order at the counter and when it comes out of the kitchen in the back, you're called or it's brought to you, possibly by the older lady shuffling about in an apron and Crocs (she is adorable!).
The fries! I love that the fries are browned to a crisp, freshly cut from potatoes, not from a freezer bag. The bacon perfectly complements the fried oyster, in the Peacemaker, and the fried shrimp is tasty and fresh, with the breading adding just the right amount of crunch. 
Also, they take card, which is great for constantly cashless me.Fantastic po boy's!! We went out of our way to take a bus uptown to this awesome spot.  The peacemaker is no joke and definitely worth the price. And get the onion rings...they melt in your mouth!! Had heard it can be a long wait, but we got there at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon and walked right in.Didn't really eat but I did have a few bites from a friends shrimp po-boy and it was surprisingly delicious.... 
I am planning on going back to try their grilled shrimp po-boy, just sounds so awesome.....If you find yourself wandering up Magazine St. looking for some NOLA-inspired food, this is a great spot! My husband and I walked in and there was a bit of a wait, but we were able to get drinks at the bar and the hostess accommodated us as quickly as possible with seats at the bar. We started with their famous onion rings - crispy shoestring style. I ordered an oyster Po-boy and my husband ordered the "Peacemaker," a shrimp, bacon and cheese Po-boy. The gentleman next to us ordered an oyster Po-boy as well, but oysters were 86ed by the time he placed his order, so that was a bummer. They did say that they were really busy, and the oysters were really good, so maybe running out was unusual. The Po-boys were great, and we had the coleslaw with plenty of Tabasco. It definitely hit the spot after a stroll in the Garden District! Highly recommend!Awesome onion rings...addictive! And the Remoulade is just the best I've had. Alligator Sausage is tasty.I had heard great things about this place and I left my meal being impressed but not blown away. Maybe the meat make the po-boy (I don't eat the stuff), but mine, the fried green tomatoes and remoulade was a-ok, no better, no worse. The remoulade was pretty flavourful, as were the tomatoes. I added some pickles and I feel that that really helped 'umph' the flavour profile. By all means, eat here, but I wouldn't go out of my way to do so.After visiting Magazine St for my first time, I was craving a po-boy and came across Mahoney's Po-Boys and Seafood. 
In short, I wasn't very impressed. I ordered a regular jumbo fried shrimp po-boy. It wasn't bad, but it just wasn't that good. It was a bit dry for my taste and didn't have very much sauce or fresh ingredients to make up for the dryness from the fried shrimp and toasted bread. 
A few positives about Mahoney's are that they have a great happy hour, the location itself is nice, and the service was good. During their happy hour draft beers are just $2! The location is cool because it almost feels like you're walking into a vintage southern home, which appeals to visitors like myself. The service was exceptional and the staff was very friendly. It seems like a great place to catch a game and grab a beer if you live nearby. 
I have to give this place 3/5 stars though because they had a great chance at satisfying my craving for a po-boy and I felt like they came up short. Maybe I could've been more particular about my order. If I were to visit the area again, I'd be willing to come back for a beer and/or try another one of their po-boys.The roast beef poorboy is the best I've ever eaten always busy but worth the wait cheese fries are also good would have been better without the hair I found in the friesGreat food, love th gumbo and shrimp poboy.   This is my first return to New Orleans since Katrina.Great Food! The staff was super friendly. The Peacemaker definitely lived up to the hype. This a must eat place while in town.Fried food and beers.
We enjoy the happy hour here and the service has always been good.
Nice little place in the area for a seafood platter and a beer.Truly local fare; and true creole food. Spicy is spicy, and the shrimp don't come de-veined.  My server was amazing! I had the red beans and rice lunch special with tea (true southern sweet tea). the beans and rice were super spicy, she offered to get me something else, but I declined. They did add extra rice to the dish for me though to help with the heat. All of the staff were very friendly and nice, will certainly eat here again!Had shrimp poor boy was the worst frozen shrimp. Sister had oyster poor boy over cooked. Gumbo had nothing in it but broth. Service very slow. Will not go back. Was told great place . Triple D got it wrong!Was in New Orleans for 2 days before a cruise. Saw this place on Diners Drive ins and Dives. Had the shrimp po boy and my husband had the oyster. Seafood was absolutely the freshest I've ever had. Atmosphere gad a bit to be desired but food was worth it all.This is so close to my house that I have gone here quite a bit, but those days are through.  The sandwiches taste good, and I love the cornmeal coating on their fried shrimp, but the prices are ridiculous. The 6 inch shrimp po boy is 10 bucks and the last time I got it, there were 4 shrimp on there. They were big shrimp, but come on.  The food is good, but far from special, and I think the pricing is outrageous.  Crabby Jacks has better selection and better value and a tastier po boy.  That being said, the location is really cute and close to Magazine shopping.This place was tasty but I was expecting more give some of the high profile recommendations. The Pig fries were quite good. I had the Crawtator Poboy which sounded amazing and bursting with flavors but it was a little on the bland side. The menu looked amazing though. Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.I got the Peacemaker and it was worth it.  The oysters were so tasty and I got 2 beers for the price of one..or I could've gotten 2 beers if I wasn't so full from just 1.  It didn't take that long for it to get to our table.  Bread was crispy and the sauces and all the dressings were so good.  I still think the random place at Broadview seafood market is better, but this place's po-boys are still tasty.
PLUS they have the street fighter arcade game.  Win.Nom Nom Nom!
My friend and I came here for the roast beef, but it wasn't ready so we opted for the club po-boy which included bacon, root beer glazed ham, and chicken with a side of onion rings.  The large po-boy was HUGE!  Even split between us, it was still ginormous.  You definitely get what you pay for because these po-boys are fully loaded!  It also doesn't help that I'm a messy eater! Haha.  The onion rings are awesome!  They're literally thinly sliced onions that are fried, and I loved it!  It's perfect for putting in your po-boy to add some extra crunch and flavor.  The sandwich was actually really good.  I like that you could really taste the root beer flavor, but it wasn't overpowering.
The only downfall was waiting for the po-boy.  It took longer than expected, but the wait was well worth it!Anytime I'm in New Orleans I eat a Po Boy Sandwich as they are one of my favorites.  This time around I went to Mahoney's as they were popular with Yelp and on Diners Drive In's and Dives.  Awesome building off Magazine Street in one of my favorite parts of town.  As I was traveling alone I went up to the bar and was immediately greeted by the bartender.  This was about 5:30 at night and I was one of 5 people in a very large dining room.  I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the small shrimp peace maker.  My first bite was a disappointment as the bread was a little more stale than what I'm use too with a po boy.  I deconstructed it and ate the seafood only.  I can say the shrimp was large, perfectly seasoned and some of the best fried shrimp I've ever hard.  Had the bread been better this would have been a fantastic sandwich.  For dessert I ordered break pudding.  This was by far the best bread pudding I've had!  Moist with a sauce I could drink.  Ill be back to Mahoneys for that alone and hopefully the bread is a little better next time.Exceptional service and food!! They can make it jut about anyway you want. Had a great fathers day here! Really recommend it from a locals standpoint as well for people out of town. Outside seating is a must as wellTried the Supper Club at Mahony's last night.  The 4 course dinner was amazing with dishes inspired by the Chef's travels in Asia.  $65 price included 2 wine or beer with the elaborate meal.  Excellent value and service.Was in New Orleans and decided to grab po boys with a friend.  I was not disappointed!  The staff was awesome and friendly, and the po boys were huge! We had the following:
- Shrimp Remi - Fried jumbo gulf shrimp, fried green tomatoes, remoulade dressing, and green onions - delicious and light!  It was heavenly, every single bite!
- Short Rib - Abita braised short ribs, fried onion rings, garlic mayonnaise, arugula, tomato - this po boy had too much going on, the braised short ribs was delicious, but I enjoyed a more simpler po boy, like the Shrimp Remi
- Loaded Fries - House Cut Kennebec Potatoes, Cheddar Cheese, Roast Beef Debris Gravy - could not stop eating this delicious fries, the debris gravy was delicious!
- Thin Cut Onion Rings - thin cut, easy to eat, delicious and very addicting!  I could not stop eating this!
Definitely a choice when in the mood for po boys!If you go here try to go after the lunch rush.  You HAVE to order the fries and gravy with cheese.  We opted for provolone instead of cheddar and it was a good choice.  That was the best thing we ever ate. Rich, pot roast gravy over fries and melty provolone cheese.  YUMMO!  
Oh yeah, the Po Boys are good too.A friend and I split the muffaletta whole. With 2 drinks it came to $20 and change before tip. As stated in other reviews, the wait is long. We ordered it cold based on the cashier's suggestion. Big mistake. It did not taste good. We both only ate 1/3 of the whole sandwich. When I toasted it in the oven later, it tasted much better. I think this place is not worth the money though.I really enjoyed this little nook in New Orleans! The food was fantastic, but the floors were filthy and overall the restaurant seemed slightly unsanitary overall. If it's not too hot, opt for the patio!I've been here a few times since my initial review. Have had some good po boys since. The roast beef is awesome, very flavorful. The shrimp Remini is great, lot of taste. Had the meatball today, comes with provolone,  red sauce, and peperoncini.  I added lettuce and tomato. 
This is meaty. Beef and pork mixture , well seasoned and I detected a special herb taste in addition to oregano. Guess what it is? Im not tellin', lol. I had fries also. Done crispy, cuz thats what i likes!!  Might be my favorite in NOLA.  Wonderful. Big difference from my first impression. Glad I tried it again. 
Also, I ate in this time. Friendly staff, clean men's room. 
TRY IT. 
Recommended.Been in here several times since moving in the neighborhood.  The shrimp po boy is really good.  So is the alligator sausage.  The service has been great every time.  Just a nice little po boy shop.  Yes Ive had better shrimp po boys but this one is one of the best, and the atmosphere is nice.  Not sure why its getting some really harsh reviews, as Ive had no complaints at all.Delicious, award-winning Po-Boys for a (relatively) reasonable price. I came here for brunch on a recommendation and it exceeded my expectations. In addition to having great sandwiches (succulent shrimp and perfect bread!) the service was very good and the restaurant had a great vibe. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, and we sat on the porch and watched folks walk down Magazine Street. I'll definitely return next time I'm in New Orleans!Yes, the po-boys are good, I'll give them that. However, $65 for four po-boys, 4 sodas, and some "dirty" french fries is outrageous.  (The same four people had a spectacular meal at R'evolution for dinner with cocktails and it was only $130!)   For that money, they should be bending over backwards- but it took 45 minutes for our food to come out. The staff is borderline unpleasant. There are so many other shops I'll go to before I ever go back here.Menu looked amazing.  Went during lunch on a Friday.  Waited OVER AN HOUR for a crappy cochon poboy with dry bread.  
Don't understand how it's so crowded ... Must be the cute little old lady that brings our the sandwiches :)
Stick to Parkway and GuysLacks the N'awlins flavor.  First visit to this restaurant with a friend from out-of-town had the chicken and andouille sausage...no flavor at all.  Sorry Mahony's for this review.  I expected more.  The hush puppies and garlic bread were the tastiest.Where's the beef. Just charge me an extra dollar and put some meat in that sandwich. The fries were literally crumbs. So why three stars? Because when the bartender saw it, she brought me some longer cut fries. The bread was actually very good.
Put some more meat in there and double check the fries before serving it. It'll be a solid four stars. 
I'll come back and try other stuff because the staff was so friendly. Plus the 80's music is totally awesome.Came in late on our first night in Nola. I had the gumbo and F had a oyster PoBoy. Both were really good. We sat outside on the sidewalk patio. The service was prompt and friendly.Tried to make a to go order. The server guy who answered said "we stop taking to go orders at 845 and it is 843 so it probably won't be ready so I don't want to take your order". The he proceeded to hang up on us. Very mediocre po-boys and very shitty service.that'sa one giant po boy you have there
i ordered a large, knowing someone would want some when i brought it back.  sadly the rest of my group had already konked out for the night leaving me to manage this delicious beast by myself.
a little on the pricey side (i'd grabbed a take out  menu to take a pic of to post but it was stolen and put in my friend's "place to try next trip" folder) ...  but the prices that are listed on the website were accurate.
the large, MUST have been meant for 2.  the site says 12" but mine was def a little longer than that, and served dressed- stuffed with lettuce tomato pickle and friend shrimp.    shrimp were lightly coated HUGE and delish!  by the time i got them home (fiasco) they'd over cooked just slightly but that's of no fault of theirs. 
bar in the front room. had a barq's in a bottle, and dixie to-go.
barq's- NOM
dixie-  was a gift for someone else *shrug*
lg shrimp po boy- def coming back for this one!
and  2 bread puddin' s -   didn't try  but  got RAVE reviews the sauce was 1-yay 1-nay  
.. .$30-some
ps: when you're leaving, watch out for that top stepLocals place so you know it is good.we went there on a tip from a friend. Well worth the trip. Magazine St. Is a nice departure from the hustle of the French quater. I had fried green tomatoes and shrimp PO boy. Not over fried, batter was similar to cornmeal. Delicious! They were very busy on a weekend lunch service and it took a while but the food was worth the wait. A definite must for the local PO boy experience. Quick tip you order they ask your name and they bring your food to you wherever you choose to sit.Please remember that 3 stars means "A-OK". I think that is the perfect way to describe this eatery.
I felt that the food was.....A-OK. My main squeeze ate almost all of her po-boy, and enjoyed her hurricane, and my husband went into vacuum cleaner mode, so I don't even know what he ordered. I got the seafood gumbo and I couldn't eat it. It tasted really fishy....in a bad way.
Our waiter, Evan, was a really nice dude. He thought we were tourists, so I think that might have been why 3 drinks, 2 po boys and a bowl of gumbo was close to a hundred dollars.
That seems a bit much.Their po-boys are really good, but's not worth the wait and the price. Seriously, if you are thinking of heading over here, don't. Instead, go to Zara's food store and get one from them at $5.99. It, too, will be delicious, over-filled and thoughtfully dressed with pickles, mayo and lettuce: but you'll get it when it's ready. 
Twice, I've waited an hour for my sandwich just to find that it was sitting on the counter being ignored. The first time, I was eating with my friend Tracy. She finally said, "alright, let's just take it to go." Our sandwiches were sitting by the register. The next time, I was being careful: I sat at the bar, where the sandwiches are taken to be called out. That time, when the young lady swore she called my name repeatedly, I couldn't believe it: I was sitting right by her. At what point is it no longer my fault for "not listening?"
Fool me once...Best Po Boys in town as well as shrimp & grits, homemade from scratch bloodies & great Sunday brunch. What could be better brunch & football on SundayWent in here first thing after moving. The staff was friendly, courteous, and informative.  The root beer glazed ham poboy was out of this world.  I got 2 for 1 Abita Amber despite the fact that I ordered half an hour before happy hour.  Also, I didn't get a chance to have their sweet potato pie, but it seems to sell out every day around 1 or 2.  Many customers came in specifically asking for it. I will be a regular customer from here on out! (And will show up early if I need a sweet potato pie).Ahh. Mahoney's...  I have been dreading this.
I want to love you. I want to be happy you exist. Unfortunately the extensive menu lacks the magic necessary in execution that ten (plus) dollar sammiches require to make them valid. 
Most of the ideas are there, yes, but the key ingredient seems lacking in almost every area available in every item I've tried- and sadly it's not one single thing to point out.  It's a widely varied jumble of dissonance that I have to believe only goes unpunished because of the vacuum of competition to judge it against. 
Roast beef, proper New Orleans style, is not a dinner roast, for one, and should be removed of fatty web and connective tissue. Two out of two rounds of disappointment, me grabbing  the "meat" part of my meal to pull loose that thing whose culinary removal is supposed to define the term "debris," which i guess is either no longer on the menu or i've mind-blackened it out because it isn't anywhere in the house as far as i can tell.  A sandwich with extra gravy to go is accompanied by pot roast gravy (starches intact) in a tub as if to rub it in that i'm getting gypped by way of a purposeful ignorance of simple tradition.  When i order a roast beef loaf with extra gravy, nevermind if i have to clarify with the beautiful counter girl that by loaf i mean sandwich (sigh), i want something so wonderfully drenched in its own self worth, a glorious slop that demands an inch of napkins that leaves me sucking the white and wax paper dry after all the soggy bread pieces have long since disappeared, slurping down every drop of the brown gravy mayo-gism until i'm covered belly to beard and stuffed silly hot and bothered even in a room with three window units in January.  Yes, i want my roast beef to be dirty dirty sex, and i want to degrade myself and feel filthy afterwards, and Mahoney's is, well, the opposite of that.
The Fries are nice, as long as you eat in-house.  But don't try and ask them to use the fries as a TOPPING, despite  them selling it as the base of a sandwich, and you either get a confused look from a girl who probably just learned a new definition of loaf, simply sold an (extra, if possible), small side of french fries for self-application, or once, simply told "we don't do that."  
At least they have barq's in a bottle to moisten the dry, uninspired, non-ethnic and overpriced "po-boy" you're going to convince yourself was better than it was.