whole wheat bread options for those on a high protein diet craving bread and YAM FRIES!!!This place is good, cheap, and friendly. Great place to start the day with breakfast. The hot sausage and potatoes are scrumptious as the grits and biscuits. I will be back again.I came here for lunch on my last day in New Orleans. $12 got me a plate of fried chicken, corn, double-baked mashed potatoes, a small salad, and a big glass of ice cold Coke.
It was greasy. It was good. And the ladies at the counter are so sweet. 
A local told me the chicken is a Thursday special, so I recommend going Thursdays obviously!This place felt like a real local spot with great friendly ladies behind the counter. The food was just ok though despite what all of the other reviews say. The shrimp po boy was average, about what you would get anywhere in the city. The "gumbo" was a decent chicken soup but felt like it was completely missing the roux. Worst gumbo example I've had so far.Awesome spot for breakfast with the locals! Good food, great prices, and the nicest staff you'll ever meet. Fresh bread brought in everyday, each meal made to order. Old school New Orleans! Love it!Good food, large portions, great prices! What more could you ask?
Oh yeah - the folks there will absolutely make your day.  Friendly, funny, welcoming. You feel like family.  If they don't make you smile, I don't know what will.Great atmosphere and the Cajun Eggs Benedict did not disappoint. (Even the half-order; it was a perfect portion for a medium-sized breakfast.) the flavor was amazing and the level of heat was perfect; not too spicy, but definitely a bit of kick.
Chased it down with some coffee and soaked up the welcoming, down-south smiles, and the hustle-and-bustle of the city outside.Ate here yesterday and fell in love!! Best coffee for a low price. Great grits and eggs!! My boyfriend loved the Monster!! I will comeback for my next stay in Nola!!For what it is--a working man's lunch spot--this place is fantastic and a remnant of a New Orleans that's increasingly hard to find.  If what you want is red beans 'n rice with or without sausage (hot or smoked), a fantastic po' boy sandwich of all the usual types (like oyster, shrimp, roast beef, chicken and such), or gumbo, this is your spot.  I had red beans, rice and hot sausage and it was probably the best I can recall.  I sat at the counter next to some guys having a roast beef po' boy and the daily lasagne special, both of which looked spectacular.  The menu says spaghetti and meatballs is also a house standard.
The place is justifiably packed at lunch time and it isn't that big.  Consider coming well before noon or after 1 PM.***update***
Went back for breakfast and we are so happy we did! I ordered the CBB and the hubs ordered The Monster. The cheese that comes with the CBB was so full of flavor. I ordered the half portion and I was full! The Monster was probably enough for two to share. This time around we sat at the bar and everyone was very attentive. Food did take a little while to come out, but the wait was totally worth it. 
The best place we've eaten while in NOLA! The ladies behind the food line made you feel welcomed and were forthcoming in answering any questions. The food was delicious! Ordered po' boys and were very satisfied!Fast service, great staff!!! Went to this place after not being able to get served at our hotel. A local diamond in the rough.  Good food.We stopped by for breakfast on a whim our last morning in NOLA and were glad we did. The service was phenomenally friendly and attentive. The breakfast was classic, satisfying diner fare in a casual and welcoming little space. I had grits that were buttery and savory, perfect scrambled eggs, and hot sausage with exactly the right amount of heat. The coffee was great too.This place was awesome! Great Po Boys! Our group went there after looking on Yelp, it was a walk up and order they do have dine in seating or take out. My group was new to ordering Po Boys, so a really kind customer (that had been going there for 20 plus years he said) told us how to order! It was great and service was good ! Great place for Po Boys and a quick lunch or dinner!I will always gravitate to Formica and linoleum in the south and breakfast here was pure simplistic goodness. I had the monster and the three eggs were fine perfect as was the smoked sausage...and biscuits , biscuits, biscuits!!!!Majoria's was right across the street from the hotel we were staying at, The Omni Crescent. Majoria's is within walking distance (if you don't mind a 15 minute walk or so) of the convention center.  This place offers hearty breakfast, with some cajun twists in a vintage dive looking place, with vintage dive prices as well! The absolute best part of Majoria's?  The people!! Cassandra, our server, was warm, welcoming, and by the end of the trip, had a coffee in my place before I even sat down.  One of the warmest people I've ever had the privilege of meeting.  A guy who was occasionally running food (but i didn't get his name) also recognized us and was funny and friendly every time he saw us.  
On to the food... I tried the Cajun breakfast, which is two biscuits (they are good!), two eggs, and it's all swimming in this Cajun sauce (that has jalapenos in it).  It was good, had good flavor, a little heat, but be warned, it's very heavy and you may be full for days.  It's under $6 for a breakfast that will hold you over till mid-afternoon for sure... 
I also tried the fried chicken at Majoria's, another solid choice. Great flavor, not overly greasy when I consider what many fried chicken places serve, and it came with sides. 
The last two days, I was so over "heavy" food in New Orleans, that I ordered just two eggs, a biscuit, little potatoes and coffee.. It was super cheap, the eggs were always perfect to how I requested them (over medium), and it was still more food than I could put away in one sitting.  It's no wonder this place is packed every morning.  Smiling faces, hot food served quickly, and prices to please.Place was good.  Only place I had a Po-Boy in NOLA.  No complaints.  One thing is for sure....the ENTIRE staff is super friendly.  The little old ladies treated everyone in the like they were their own grandchildren.This is not the place for healthy food for sure so don't come here for that! The food is amazing! The grits are so creamy and buttery. The service is straight forward and quick. The CBB is super cheesy. The coffee is strong. Definitely a fun authentic diner experience. Definitely recommendWow I love little hidden joints like this. We were lucky to get a late breakfast for 6 people, only having to wait 10 minutes.
Hats off to all the staff here, they are all hillarious and so friendly.
Loved the cbw special, the veggie omelete and breakast sandwich.My husband got the CBB Breakfast Biscuit it was great, if I could old handle jalapeño I would have been all over it! The service was fast and beyond friendly, everyone was so nice and checked on you regularly. The prices are excellent too!This is a no fuss, no frills Diner! You order cafeteria style and they bring the food to you. It's a great location few blocks outside of the Quarter in the business district-which means theres no french quarter craziness! The atmosphere is peaceful and the staff is super sweet and fun.You are met with Southern hospitality and great value when you come here.
In the heart of the hotel area, this is a great place to grab breakfast as you are about to kick off your day of sight seeing. The inside is no frills, but very comforting and has a strong local feel. The staff is bursting with personality and positive energy.
We dove right in to some coffee and didn't take long to both decide on the CBB, the favorite here. I went for the half, Brian went for the whole (a daring move). This plate was huge! It contained an unreal amount of cheese. Super delicious with the popped yolk, great flavor and came out very hot. It was probably too much cheese for my taste, when we come back to NOLA, we will absolutely be back but I will try something else because this was more cheese than my tummy could handle.Excellent breakfast and lunch place in the heart of New Orleans. I spent 5 days in town on business and walked over from the Blake Hotel each morning for breakfast. The place is small and rustic; on the ground floor of an 1849 building. The service is quick and friendly. The patrons were an good mix of visitors, like myself, and locals. My breakfasts were perfect and had a New Orleans flare. I highly recommend it.Great place for breakfast. Had the monster and muffuletta. Everything was very good and the staff were very friendly and helped us pick what to get.Good breakfast.  I love the house potatoes.  Grits are also very good.  I like butter on my grits and I asked for some.  Staff came back with Parkay Margarine.  Didn't know they made that stuff any more.  No where near the same as a slab of butter  melting in the middle of a bowl of grits.  
I had a bacon cheese biscuit sandwich.  Biscuit was good but the bacon was all pre cooked.  Everything is better when it is made fresh - bacon included.
All in all, better than most breakfast spots in the area.I looked on Yelp for a local place to get a great shrimp poboy here in NOLA. I walked the few blocks to Majoria's Commerce. The wait wasn't long, but I was disappointed in the poboy. The shrimp was small and overlooked. It was rubbery and tough. I also kept biting down on grit. Each shrimp still had the black vein in it. I'm sure it was too small to devein before cooking. I am sorry I walked the distance only to be completely disappointed. I do not recommend the shrimp poboy.My daughter found this place because of the potato menu.  But from there this place surpassed every expectation.  I highly recommend this place.  The best muffuletta we had in New Orleans.  Great friendly service.  I mean the friendliest service we had in all of our time in New Orleans.  
If you are going to go to any restaurant in New Orleans, go to this one!!!!!Summary
No frills local diner that serves decent food quickly and with a smile
Details:
I'm very particular about my grits, and I wasn't too impressed here, but it wasn't bad either. Their take on eggs benedict was a bit spicy but I would order it again. I'm not sure it's a Southern thing, but hash browns are more like home fries (I'm from NYC). Also remember to bring cash to this place.
The best thing here is the speediness of the service and the quality and friendliness of the servers!It's our first time in New Orleans and we are lucky to be near this resto. I ordered the BLT poboy while my mom ordered the Ham in Toast. Boy, oh poboy! Incredibly delicious especially that the crispy bacon took my breath away. I'll definitely come back for more if I could. The service is also excellent and the food is totally affordable.Another tiny little hole in the wall breakfast spot in downtown NOLA that I found through Yelp! I ordered the CBB as recommended by EVERYONES reviews and I was NOT disappointed. DELICIOUS!! I also felt like the staff thought of customers as family. One of the older gentleman asked me what my plans were for the day and checked on me frequently. What a delightful place to be! Also my entire breakfast was $8 and it was MASSIVE!! Great deal for the NOLA area for sure. If i'm back for work I'll definitely be back!Visit Date: 03.08.2011
Was looking for a local po' boy place near the French Quarter and in walking distance from the Hilton, and this seemed the place to be. I had the shrimp po' boy and red beans and rice. Great stuff, but I believe I did not get the regular fare, as I had to order off the Mardi Gras menu, which meant higher prices and less food. For example, during Mardi Gras it was $10 for a shrimp po' boy, no fries, and $6 for a cup of red beans and rice, sans sausage and not served on a plate. I can't blame a mom and pop shop for trying to make more money during special days, but charging $10 for a simple po' boy is a bit ridic.Found this little gem on a list of places to eat in New Orleans. Although we came to get breakfast, we had missed it so we ended up getting shrimp po' boys. They were so yummy, the bread & shrimp to the "dressing" ratio was just perfect. 
The kitchen was also backed up and we waited a bit for the food, but the manager promptly offered a refund and free refills on our drinks. We declined the refund since things happen and then was offered breakfast on them! Unfortunately we don't have the time to go back, but will DEFINITELY next time we're in town.
Heads up if you go for breakfast, they stop serving it at 11am!Great place for breakfast, great omelettes, even better CBB, very decent coffee and super-friendly staff! Will definitely go back!The best place to have your breakfast while in downtown NOLA. Try their signature CBB breakfast meal, IMO it was simply delicious, topped with a warm and friendly service, feels like you're back in the 50's/60's having breakfast in your favourite diner. Try it and you'll be back again for sure!Truly a classic NOLA gem! The oyster poboy was so good that we came back on the last day of our trip to get a poboy for the airplane ride! Staff is super friendly, it's almost like you're having lunch at their home. But back to the oyster poboy, the oysters were bigger than any of the other restaurants that we went to. Do you guys deliver to Chicago?The food here is good and affordable,  I just wish they served pancakes. The Creole eggs Benedict was the best.This is exactly the type of place I wanted to get breakfast from. My mouth was on fire from the Cajon eggs benedict, but I ate every bite. Nom nom nom.Quite possibly the best biscuits on the planet. Friendly, zippy service, cheapest meal I've found in New Orleans. Divey, in a good way.Majoria's is good for what it is. A simple place with classics at great prices. I had the rice and beans with smoked and andouille sausage. The andouille was fantastic! The dish comes with a salad (just okay) and french bread (very good). The restaurant is nestled in an interesting historic part of the Central Business District.This ended up being my first stop in town. Just what I needed after the flight in. The Po Boy was everything it should of been. My kind of place. Not to expensive and good food. Not a tourist trap as the place was loaded for lunch by locals.Fantastic team working to take care of you, great service! The oyster po boy was amazing, the oysters coated in a light, crispy breading, tasted fresh and had a nice crunch. The meatloaf special was better than mom made! Definitely have to get back to try the gumbo!This is another great downtown po-boy spot.  The lines do get long and seating is limited so try to beat the lunch rush if you can.
HUGE portions--my friends often get the red beans and rice, which has to be enough for three meals.  I usually say I'm going to stop at half a po-boy and end up staring at scraps of po-boy bread wondering where my shrimp went went ten minutes later, but if you can control yourself, they've got a ready supply of to-go boxes.
All their platters come with generous side dishes too.  I'd avoid the salad unless you want pale lettuce swimming in Italian, but their other options look pretty good.This was our favorite breakfast spot in New Orleans with super friendly service and very good food at reasonable prices. The eggs Benedict were vet good, especially the signature spicy one smothered in cheesy jalapeño yumminess!  Also, the biscuit here is as good as anywhere you've ever had. Get here!My last day in New Orleans and I just had to try this place. I'd walked by it for the past week on the way to the convention center and had read most all the Yelp reviews talking about how good it was, so before I went to the airport I dropped by for a quick breakfast. So before I go any further let me say the "ambience" is not what gets the five stars - basically it had a very common interior with pretty rickety tables and chairs - so the five stars were solely for the food, which for a breakfast is hard to do!!! But they pull it off!!! I got the usual breakfast (can't remember what they call it), but it's 2 eggs over easy, bacon, cheese grits, and a biscuit. Everything was cooked just right, the bacon was crispy, the grits were awesome, the biscuit was everything that everybody had raved about, and the eggs were cooked to perfection. I also got hot, black coffee and a lot of it!! My waitress was great, fun to talk with and there whenever I needed more coffee. Definitely check this place out for a great breakfast in New Orleans!Loved the food and the service was authentic as well. I'm sure they get alot of tourist which can be so annoying, but they were genuinely nice and full of information and suggestions to check outWhere has this place been my whole life?!?! The best breakfast ever. They do the simple things well no frills just down home good breakfast food. AMAZING!!!Great breakfast! Biscuits were melt-in-your-mouth fluffy, bacon crisp, and omelette huge. To top off the coffee was great and service was perfect. Will go back!There are two places in NOLA that are local and have amazing food and service. This is DEFINITELY one of them. I just saw a review that said "Get it together you bunch of rude mean people." I don't know the reviewer, but I cannot even imagine that person has a clue of what he/she is talking about. The staff was absolutely INCREDIBLE. They were soooo nice and helpful, guiding us on what to have, being patient when we couldn't decide, and showing approval for my boyfriend's insane appetite for incredible food. It's really just a down to earth local place to enjoy good cajun food or a simple, diner breakfast. It is cash only, so make sure you come prepared.Local "hole-in-the-wall" serving reasonably-priced New Orleans staples for breakfast and lunch. 
I was looking for an affordable alternative to the Sheraton for a basic breakfast (eggs and sausage or an omelet) and this definitely fit the bill. Ordered a vegetable omelet (cauliflower, broccoli, and zucchini) - it was a little salty for my tastes, but otherwise hit the spot for breakfast. Service was speedy, bacon was super crisp, and prices were very fair.Looking for an inexpensive, good hole in the wall is what I do.  I read the reviews on yelp for the Commerce Restaurant and thought it sounded right.  Well, these folks might be the friendliest in all of NOLA.  
Ms. Jean behind the counter greeted me with a big smile and "Hey Baby!". She quickly explained how to order and what the specials were.  I had come in for a po boy, but her description of the fried chicken this day almost made me change my mind.  
The shrimp were lightly breaded and flakey.  Ms. Jean threw that sandwich together just right with enough mayo to moisten but not overpower the shrimp.  I also had an order of yam fries.  They were fine.  Next time I'll order some beans and rice instead.  
Everyone was friendly and welcoming.  The atmosphere is of a 50's sandwich counter with the red and white upholstered chairs and white speckled countertop tables.  The clientele ranged from first time tourist (such as myself) and the businessmen who work down the block.  
I highly recommend coming to see Ms. Jean and trying everything you can on the menu.  I'll be back tomorrow for the seafood gumbo.We went first thing in the morning. The place was not as packed as I thought it would be. The service was as welcoming as going to your grandmaw's, OR to some other older relative who actually knows how to cook.    : )
  The place is nice and clean and everyone working there is super friendly. They do not half-a** anything here. 
  The menu is straight up and absolutely no frills.  They do very little but they do it very, very well. We got a loaded biscuit which had sausage, jalapenos, and cheese sauce, and we also got a humongous "Monster" platter. We are big eaters and we could not finish our plates. Everything was spot on. 
  It is not hard to find, and I've seen single brunch/breakfast plates priced the same as we paid for two huge meals plus coffee. Its sooooo worth a try.Great local joint with True New Orleans flair.
Cheap and quick breakfast when you are short on time but want a quality breakfast!This is a traditional diner with quick service, cheap prices, friendly staff, and good food! My husband got the sausage omelette which was good, but you should really be coming here for the CBB. It's a creole-style eggs Benedict. It was perfectly-seasoned and not overwhelmingly spicy. I got the half portion which was one half biscuit and one egg but with the same amount of sauce as the full size. Would also recommend a side of toast for extra dunking!Cute little diner. The people are so warm and nice. Food was good for breakfast and easy to take out to take back to the hotel. Great way to start the day.My friend and I visited here twice during the stay. Overall it is a good place. They serve the food in a large portion so I suggest half the size if you have ordinary capacity. The CBB was tasty, kinda salty but worth trying occasionally. People are friendly there.Good breakfast and good people.
If you want an experience just sit at the bar and  enjoy people.
Honest food and personable staff ready to entertain.
Endless and hilarious banter.
Enjoy.We had a great brunch at Majoria's yesterday, complete with eggs & grits, bacon, red beans & rice, the fried shrimp plate, and spaghetti & meatballs. The food was really tasty and well-prepared--a cut above the usual diner fare. And it was a really great value. We paid less than $40 for the five of us. But what was best was the service. We arrived too late for the regular breakfast menu, but the kitchen staff went out of their way to prepare breakfast foods for us. You'll be glad you came here!If you make it before the mid-day breakfast rush then you should be fine. The restaurant is cramp and operates like a family-style diner as most of the employees are super friendly.
The significant other and I shared the Commerce breakfast biscuit. You can get it in a half or whole biscuit; ours was a half. It was like cheese heaven. Instead of biscuits and gravy, it was biscuits and cheese, emphasis on the cheese. I could feel my aerial walls closing in as we shared the dish. There was also an over easy egg that topped this dish.
They have other simple breakfast items on the cheap too. We just happened to have picked the most unique item on the menu.We missed breakfast :(  actually we arrived at the change over, and they were still able to do eggs and toast, but we opted for lunch.  The counter staff were outstanding, they made us feel like old friends.  We ended up with a mufaletta and shrimp po boy.  No frills here, just really, really good sandwiches!  The shrimp, oh, the shrimp.  Delicious, lightly fried, not greasy, just shrimp yumminess spilling out of that delicious crusty roll.  Very generous portions, we ended up with a little bit to carry out.Best lunch special in the CBD and arguably the downtown area as a whole. The lunch special is different everyday and comes with a salad, vegetable, bread and a side. Great deal for $8.50
Nicest staff in townVery nice friendly place. We came here twice for breakfast. Nice food and quaint atmosphere. CBB is not to be missed.Hole in the wall diner. Great southern breakfast. Very friendly staff, filling breakfast, warm coffee and couldn't have had a better diner breakfast.Terrific little diner. Nothing fancy, this is an authentic diner with outstanding friendly service. Their breakfast special is the "CBB". It brings a little cajun heat to the morning. Great food, great prices.Local flavor nice people. Po boy was shrimp. And they were small and overly fried and very rubbery and hard to chew. Good flavor and big portion.  10$ also decent as you could hypothetically split it. People watching and local feeling 5/5 *****.Delicious food and amazing staff. Loved their sweetened ice tea, gumbo and loaded potato. It made my day!This is a good place for lunch without breaking your pocketbook. I had etouffee and my husband had gumbo. They were both good. The boudin balls were tasty also. We were glad to eat someplace below $50! French Quarter dining has been pricey, pricey seemingly no matter where we go.Unfortunately we missed the world famous Cajun eggs so I order a shrimp poboy instead. It was ok but the customer service was simply AMAZING!!!!The locals are going to hate me for this but all of you going to Mother's because you heard its the place to go - keep walking a little further for a less touristy, tastier food alternative.  
What a great find for us this last trip to NOLA, been visiting for almost 20 years. Amazingly friendly staff... like everyone one of them. Loved hearing them greet all the locals by name as they walked in for lunch. It was Fried chicken day and it was some of the best I've ever had. We also had a shrimp po-boy, spot on and as good as any I've ever had. 
Couldn't recommend this place more!! We will return next visit.Great food! The shrimp po'boy was just what I was looking for - juicy shrimp packed in between soft bread with the works!  It was a bit crowded but we managed to squeeze into a table. It seemed a bit disorganized at times between the ladies plating the food and the kitchen making the food. We waited some time because the shrimp they ran out of shrimp and we're frying a new batch.  However, the ladies made it a point that we weren't forgotten and checked up on us often. 
Wish I had more room in my belly to try the other items. The fried chicken and sides looked delicious!  I would definitely go back!!!They were out of biscuits and the special, so maybe that would have made this better, but the one egg, grits, toast, and bacon meal I had was fine. It was cheap, so that's a plus, but otherwise it wasn't nothing special. The grits were super bland and the service was pretty terrible. Rude servers and it took almost 40 minutes after ordered to get some eggs, grits, etc. And we were there at an off time even, though it was still fairly busy.  Most of that food is made and sitting under heat lips anyway so they weren't making anything fresh except eggs. No idea why it took forever. Also they said they were out of omelets but still served eggs so no idea what that was about. I wish we had waited for the longer line at the Ruby Slipper.Great breakfast! Really good biscuits, bacon done just right. Great service, very attentive. Can be a bit busy with locals so you might have to wait a few minutes for a table but worth it.Great service, big portions and inexpensive, but the po boy and hamburger were as bland as can be.Love this place!!! The staff that works here is what New Orleans is all about, fun, friendly and caring. It's literally like walking into Ya Mom n ems house!!!Side I had where just ok my boyfriend like them once salt and pepper was added so the sides we had was Mac & cheese, potato salad, red bean and rice way too much salt in this dish, catfish fish was fried great with seasoning oyster shrimp I do not eat salt so I love it when the flavor come through food without it and that was the case with the seafood customer service was great sweet tea just right sweet the half and half did not likeI love greasy spoons and this spot is good for a simple breakfast and the lunch menu looked good too. We got there around 10 on a weekday and they ran out of biscuits and potatoes! The grits were comforting. They are generous with the bacon. The night before they were filming a movie with Robert Deniro at the diner.Nice local diner. Spent a week in New Orleans and ate at a lot of places that were overpriced and not so tasty but the food here was awesome. I had the sphagetti and meatballs the first day for lunch and returned the second day for lunch and had the fried chicken special.  Very friendly crew too!I had a bacon omelette and they did not skimp on the bacon. The bacon was cooked perfectly crisp & the homemade biscuit was excellent. 
It was a good breakfast and it didn't break the bank. The servers were friendly and attentive. Would go back and I'd order the biscuit again.Thursday morning, a bit run down looking when you walk in, but staff is super friendly saying hi w Louisiana charm. 
-CCB, commerce biscuit, as suggested without hesitation by waitress: big, drowning in gallons of melted/liquid cheese, jalapeños add a nice spice, well flavored - tasty way of eating plate of cheese w biscuit floating in itFood is so great and inexpensive. Super cute and causal diner with some good home style food.Stumbled upon this gem while down in Nola for Mardi Gras. Authentic to a t! Hole-in-the-wall just a few steps off the main streets. Phenomenal po'boy and great, local vibe. I believe they close early, so go for lunch!They didn't have omelettes unfortunately but the eggs that I ordered were done just right and the potatoes and grits were seasoned perfectly!