Scam!! My husband and I were pulled into the bar by the shot girl on the sidewalk. She asked if we wanted shots and I stupidly agreed. She tipped 2 colorful test tube shots into my mouth and 6 into my husband's. "So, it's $30 total. $40 if you want to tip. Cash only."   WHAT?!!
We had no choice but to pay her and we immediately left. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND AVOID THIS BAR!!!Would you like to buy an overpriced cup of corn syrup and neon food colouring that is being served to you by a bartender that clearly stopped seeing the joy in life? Then please, by all means, go here.Wish I can rate this place as 0 but I guess I have to at least give 1 star which they don't deserve.... 
Basically what happened was we were forced into this place by this lady who ensured us that shots were only $9.... So obviously we said yes. Little did we know that they are $9 a vile.... She stuck 3 in my mouth, 3 in my boyfriends and gave herself 2.... Came out to be $45...... Fucking hate this place. 
Talked to the manager and obviously he gave us a free beer but still... Never been so upset. 
AVOID THIS PLACE AND DON'T GIVE THEM BUSINESS- THEY DON'T DESERVE ITGo in and out of here by your own choice! We were walking around Bourbon and stumbled into this place to grab some slushies. You can opt for one solid flavor or mix it up with the various mixes they have. 
The original hurricane flavor & hurricane/lime mix options were pretty tasty. On a hot day these drinks are cold and refreshing so I can see why they're a fan favorite. As with all good things though, these babies are filled with tons of sugar so watch out for the crash that will hit you later - whether that's the sugar or alcohol they have mixed in. 
We got out within 10 mins so I can't really complain about anything this time around.Date night and had a fantastic time. Very happy they were open on a Monday night. The pizza and burger were excellent. Service was great as well. Thank you very much!We walked into the daiquiri place across the street but, there was nobody behind the counter.  As we were deciding whether to wait or leave we heard shouting from across the street.  We turned around and there was two girls motioning for us to come over.  We figured why not at least they wanted our business.
We walked in and they explained how it all worked and we ended up with 3 frozen concoctions with extra shots to go!  Places like this are why I love New Orleans!  I know it's touristy but, on a hot day it is nice to have a big frozen, boozy drink.  The gals working in this place gave us amazing customer service, were knowledgeable and made us laugh the whole time.
I personally selected half margarita and half pina colada.  I couldn't decide between both and was hesitant when the woman told me to do half and half but, I am glad I did.  It was the best of both worlds and the flavors blended together well.   If you get the extra shot make sure you take the plastic test tube out of your drink because otherwise the extra booze just sits in it until the end and then it is way too strong!
You may be a bit leery in ordering these because you think oh well how much booze is actually in it?  Well I was impressed because these were very boozy and with the extra shot I definitely caught a little afternoon buzz!This place is a scam. DO NOT BUY FROM THEM!  They quickly grab you and pour multiple shots into your mouth. Afterwards  they charge  you $10 per shot that basically taste like juice.Oh hello frozen boozy goodness that I can just walk around with anywhere I want.
This is freedom folks.
Do yourselves a favor and print off the coupon for buy one get one free.  These boozy babies don't come that cheap at $13.00 each.  And if you're like me, you're not going to stop at just one a day.  Well, ARE YOU!?! 
Here's the link:
http://www.mangodaiquiris.com/coupons.html
You're welcome.No atmosphere to speak of but the alcoholic slurpees are pretty good.  Given the takeout environment, I was surprised to find that a regular (though extremely sizable) daiquiri was $9.  I had a mango daiquiri, which was refreshing in the New Orleans humidity.  It was too sweet, but I suspect the extra sugar was needed to mask the alcohol.  It tasted pretty artificial but I still liked it.  The best thing about it, however, was that I couldn't taste all the alcohol that was in the giant cup!Got a mango daiquiri here because it was ALL over bourbon street and we were drunk and thought itd be a good idea.
but the drink is extra sugary sweet, and not much alcohol even in it for $10. just hop in a bar somewhere for a cocktail instead!Oh wow looking at some of the other reviews I honestly can't say that I've ever been in the same boat. I have always been treated respectfully over there and they have never forced shots down my throat. I love the mango daiquiri that they have however they lose a star because it's not strong enough by itself. You would need to get two or so shots in order to get it to have the same amount of alcohol as other places have.With all the good drinks you can find in NOLA, I don't come here very often.  But they do make good daiquiris that are very slushy and great on a hot day...but don't be fooled, they are sweet and delicious and come with more alcohol than you would suspect.
They also serve other mixed drinks.
As for the pizza, it is pretty good.  Not too many pizza places in the French Quarter, but if you are like me and just want something quick, especially when all the good restaurants are closed or just too busy, you can grab a slice.  I think it was like $3 but the slice was big and very greasy!  I did not like the greasy part so much, hence, I only ate there once, like 3 in the morning after being out in the bars.Bourbon street is funny I swear that I magically went in a circle and it's Mango mango that contributed to my disorientation-along with the ubiquitous hot dog carts. There are five of them so every time I looked at one of the gawdy neon signs it reads 'Mango mango.' WTF? I've yet to have their daiquiri but the pizza is pretty good-cheap, flat, warm and greasy. Tasty to boot. I'm saving my huge drink holder virginity for something truly ridiculous so I'll be sure to come back here and drink after wards.When we first got here in early afternoon we stopped in here & we're totally happy! They have a lot of options on daiquiri flavors & they have lots of beers on draft. They have pizza also that looked really good! There's a few of them & I love the options & vibe. They also have a bathroom that's not that bad so I really like the placeTasty, but expensive. $13 for a large cup and the drinks are pretty sugary and sweet not a whole lot of alcohol. I got a way stronger large hurricane from a hole in the wall beer stop off Royal St.A HUGE RIPOFF!  My friend and I walked by and two shot girls grabbed our arms and pulled us in the bar.  She asked if we wanted to do shots because it was my friends birthday.  She said sure and the shot girl poured four into her mouth.  Then the shot girl turned to me.  I said no, but she put the tube up to my mouth anyway.  Then she said it would be $50.  Be careful walking by this place because they will physically drag you in the bar.  They tried it again the following night and we ran across the street away from them.THIS PLACE NEEDS TO BE SHUT DOWN!!!! Me and my friends came here on a whim during our Mardis Gras trip. There was one bartender that was just out of control! We kindly waited for her to come up to us to order. When she finally approached us, she had the most nasty attitude when she asked for our IDs. I took the liberty and handed all three California IDs to her. She gave two of them back and started bending the third one in half without a single explanation! I immediately asked her what was going on and she went off saying that it was fake and walked away. WTF?! Another bartender went after her to try to retrieve my friend's ID, but the other girl wouldn't stop bending the ID. We tried following her to the back room, but security stopped us and said we had to wait. At this point, we were all pretty ENRAGED!! The manager in charge was a PUNK as well. He had a puzzled look on his face as his bartender kept accusing my friend of using a fake ID. Finally, they come back from the back room and handed my friend her ID back. They told us that they took it to the back room to scan the ID and found out it was real. NO SHIT SHERLOCK!!!! YOU COULDN'T HAVE POLITELY CHECKED BEFORE YOU STARTED ACCUSING PEOPLE OF USING A FAKE ID AND BENDING IT IN HALF?!!!! THEN THE MANAGER AND BARTENDER HAD THE NERVE TO TELL US TO CALM DOWN AND DIDN'T EVEN APOLOGIZE!! THEY COMPLETELY CHANGED THEIR ATTITUDE AND TRIED TELLING US THAT THEY JUST WANTED TO BE SURE IT WASN'T FAKE. AGAIN NO APOLOGY CAME OUT OF THEIR IGNORANT MOUTHS. STAY AWAYYYYYYYYYY FROM THIS PLACE!!Other than almost having to knock over the guy making the pizzas because he tried to block me from using the bathroom even though I was a paying customer, I liked Mango Mango. 
Like a long list of places on Bourbon Street, they offer frozen drinks with booze. The Vampire Blood is the number 1 seed for sure. It appeared stronger than the average frozen cocktail and was quite flavorful.
I started most and closed every night during my recent visit to Mango Mango, fun place to visit.So, I had no clue what I wanted and the bartender suggested a "sweet tart". Basically a mixture of an bunch of different daiquiris & actually did taste exactly like a sweet tart. AMAZING & very potent! My only complaint is that I never made it back for another one. LOL 
Bartenders were really friendly. Music was good. Drinks were on point!Stopped here after we ate at a restaurant and were still full.  Decided a slice of pizza was just what we needed.  And of course a slushy drink.  It was pretty late on Friday night (the day we arrived) and we'd already had a few drinks.  The pizza tasted fantastic!  Interestingly, when I had a craving for it on Sunday night (and hadn't had anything to drink) it wasn't quite as good.  Funny how that happens :).  Save the pizza slice for late at night, throw a lot of parm cheese on it and you're all set!
I ordered the Banana Strawberry slushy and it was delicious.  Just too freaking cold to drink too fast.  Ended up giving the rest of it away and traded for a Huge Ass Beer!  :-)  
This place is tiny, just a counter top with some bar stools.  It's really a grab your drink, eat your slice of pizza and keep on walking!$2.50 Jell-O shots! Why aren't you here? Not much more to add then that! Best value here.The pizza was a step and half up from totino's in my opinion, but I did just go to NY and I don't eat pizza that often..but the reason I love this place? Salsa, meregue, etc music all day and night long!!
I told Ted C and my friend Josh that I wouldn't stop dancing until I finished eating my pizza!! Yep, they made me leave. Damn them! The dancing shall continue soon...heheYou cannot call this "pizza."  They need to take the neon pizza sign down and do away with the carousel holding the slices.  Think of the worst frozen pizza you've ever had and that will help you understand what this is like.  Cardboard.  If you decide to still try this, don't say I didn't warn you.SCAM!!!!! Listen to the poster above!!!! This place is horrible. They saw us coming a mile away. Me and my gf were leaving Hard Rock Cafe and had a few drinks (the fishbowl around my neck was a dead give away that I was a tourist so.... Double BEWARE with that. And... It's not even that good) and they LITERALLY, by our wrists pulled us inside. 
She poured a shot down my girlfriend's mouth then said she'd do another. My gf said no. The shot girl then said it was my turn and have me 3 shots(!) without my permission from her breasts. I kind of knew what I was in for and figured it would cost me $15-$20. When she said $30 I knew I had been had. I complained and complained and they didn't care. My gf was mortified and paid the bill. 
I did not let it go. I staked them out for 5 mins. And they did it to the next couple. I then confronted them and warned the couple of the scam. The shot girl then proceeded to push me out and said she was going to the cops. I agreed and followed, as I wasn't as intoxicated as she thought, right next door to the cop.
She told him what was going on and before I can even offer an explanation he told me "get out of here". Obviously... He's in on it. And I will write a letter to the mayor or whoever oversees the French quarter.  I know how cops are and who signs their checks. So I let it go and kept walking with a smile on my face. 
At least I warned that couple that was behind me. And I'm warning you. This was my first night here and it left a bad taste in mouth not only for that place but for Nola overall. 
Also... Taste your drink before you buy it. I drink black label and 50% of the bars charge you as such And give you jack Daniels. Not kidding. No matter how much you tip and pretend to be your friend. 
BEWARE!!!!! Ppl complain about miami but at least that $18 black is a black.NEVER COME HERE!!!!!! Not only does this places pizza tastes horrible... But they have a person standing by the torn down restrooms to card you and make sure you have purchased something from the joint just to have the "privilege" to go to the bathroom.... And if you order their 5 dollar pizza without giving a tip they will give you the death eye.... This is the best example of locals trying to rip off tourists BAR NONE! Don't ever come to this place... YOU WILL NEVER GET YOUR
MONIES WORTH!!!!!!!They insulted us, and told us that we would GET BEAT UP if we didn't pay $20 for 3 tube shots. Just like everyone here is saying, they physically pulled us to the place. THIS IS PHYSICAL HARASSMENT. And can I repeat, they THREATENED WITH VIOLENCE. Stay away from this place. Clearly the owners don't care since these yelp reviews go all the way back to 2014. DISGUSTING. Oh, and it was 9:00 pm and we were all sober.Slushies with a twist...many locations peppered along Bourbon St.
The Significant Other Foodie and I found that it was a cool quick, pit stop to rest your tired legs and cool off from the warm, humid weather.
They even have mid-shelf alcohol selections.
Stay away from the pizza by the slice...Walking down bourbon with a mango mango daiquiri is a very fond memory for me.  It's a little on the expensive side and a little on the sweet side, but after 15 min of finishing that huge cup of alcohol, ice, and sugar, something hits me.  And I'm having the time of my life!  Get the hurricane, you'll never know what hit you =)I've traveled a lot in my life and this is by very very far the worst place I have ever been. They robbed me and my friend. I was in NOLA this past weekend and saw their colored sign which caught my attention so we went there and as we were looking for the menu or drinks two women literally grabbed us by the arm and forced 3 drinks in my mouth and my friends' mouth also. I didn't had a reaction because I didn't understand what was going on and then I asked and the b*tch said: shots, here's another two happy birthday. And she shoved two more in my mouth and did this thing like was oral sex. And like that wasn't enough they charged us for $4 every shot!! We didn't had cash and they made us pay by taking cash out at their ATM. I was so mad and I asked for the owner. She started to get aggressive and started calling me names and saying that I was the first person to complain. Which is a freaking lie because I've been reading reviews and every single one is a bad review. I have no idea how this place is still open. The women are f*cking stupid and aggressive. I called the police but I left because they said they couldn't return the money and if I wanted I could open a report. They were very mad on what the bar did but that's when the bar wins because they know no one would start a report since basically everyone in NOVA is a tourist and is going home next day. This bar is disgusting. Stay away from it.Was in the building for less than 5 minutes and one of the waitresses lost her mind because I asked her if the Sprite was flat. HORRIBLE This was during the day around lunch time. There wasn't anyone in the establishment but she felt the need to be extremely rude and hateful. If she was my employee she would have been fired on the spot. AVOID THIS PLACE and save your money.Pretty simple and easy place! You can sample some of the daiquiris and mix them once you order them! Ok prices for the sizes!A French Quarter tradition. Not sure about the food, but the daiquiris are always fun and delicious.Don't bother! This place is a complete scam and if I could give it a negative star review I would. Not only do these drinks not have the alcohol they claim they are way over priced even for a tourist area.. and the staff will scam you. It's terrible that New Orleans allows this place to operate.Mango daiquiris are awesome. They lose 2 stars for the super rude & super drunk bartender. Ridic.Good place to stop in and grab a quick drink if you need one while cruising Bourbon. But for the love of god, do NOT get a slice of pizza here when you're drunk and need one. Usually when I'm drunk, everything is the best thing I've ever eaten. I was the most disappointed drunk ever.. taking a few bites and then whining drunkenly that it tasted like rubber and then chucking it. 
If you're drungry, grab a hot dog :)Patron margarita. Bartender squeezed about 6 lime slices into the cup and then proceeded to free-pour me a triple margarita. She then said: "Let's get drunk." Umm...hell yes!Pretty Frightening Stuff!. I guess to a drunk person looking to score frozen looking pizza at an exorbitant price, might like this....but only provided the drinks have killed any sense of taste. Like every other slice in the quarter, scary!RACIST BARTENDER!!! DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU'RE ASIAN! 
The bartender made up some elaborate story how my ID was bending so it was fake, and how my friends' IDs weren't! What a bunch of BS because I'm freaking 26! So she starts cussing me out and bending my ID and telling me to GTFO! I know it's a bar on Bourbon St, but YOU should never cuss out at customers!
She took my ID to the back room, probably to scan it or something. The security guard and the other bartender saw what was going on and they tried to calm her down but she was just out of control! 
When she gave back my ID it was all BENT, and she didn't even apologize! I was so upset because that was my driver's license and the identification I was going to use to fly back home!  
She should be fired for what she did! I knew she was racist when she ignored my friends and I was serving other customers that came after us!Stopped here for a drunken slice to end my Saturday night. I was shocked that a plain slice was $3 and $4 for pepperoni. Thought I was back in manhattan. The slice was good but I still stand by the price being too steep. Had a friendly convo with both the pizza guy and the two female bartenders. NIce, friendly people.do not go here they will scam you. as you can see in previous comments a woman took us by the arm, forced shots down our throats and charged us $55. again do not support this trifflin businessI could immediately tell that the pizza would be substandard when I walked in the place - the stuff looked straight out of a Chuckee Cheese's. But I needed to use the restroom and that required a receipt so I decided to purchase.
Once I reached the cashier, I saw a man putting a tip jar out which basically stated that not tipping proved that you were raised wrong. Following that proverb were the words "Tip me bitch, I got bills to pay."
Now I am a religious tipper, and of the 20% club at that. I even tip the Sonic girls, the street performers and the Starbucks baristas. 
However, tips are given for service, which I received none. The guy just handed me a piece of shitty pizza on a paper plate and DEMANDS a tip from me? He didn't even move 6 inches from the register! Plus, he had a crappy attitude. I'm not big on being told what to do in the first place.
 So I have to admit at the expense of the lazy guy behind the counter's opinion on the quality of my upbringing, I did not tip. Mama didn't raise no bitch...Frozen drinks are really good, perfect way to start your trek up Bourbon Street.  The pizza, however, I can do without.This place charged my card twice for one drink and wanted to argue that they didn't when my account said it was... pay cash here only or don't go! There are plenty of other places on bourbon that won't fuck u overWalked in with a group and immediately had shots thrown down our throats (I love to drink) the problem is the girl had originally said absolutely nothing about how much they were or even asking if we wanted them. I asked to speak to a manager and she threatened to have "her boys" come up here and take care of us if we didn't give her $100 for shots that were never ordered. The door guy came up to us, I once again asked to speak to a manager, he said he was the owner (lie) and proceeded to physically push us out so we couldn't talk to a manager. Just completely unprofessional.You will only know this place is a hustle if you either look at reviews prior or get hustled. Walking with a Bachelor pet group, we are approached with "who's celebration is this?" We indicate towards the bachelor, the scam artist speaks "you get shots," and pulls him in the building by his arm. After feeding the bachelor with shots, she indicates tot he best man getting a shot, the proceeds to tell us that was gonna my to charge us $40. I respect the hustle, but "you get shots" is different that "let's get you shots"There's two types of Bourbon street: the really trashy ones, and the ones that masquerade as some kind of upscale "New Orleans tradition." Mango Mango falls in the really trashy category. Case in point: they sell giant plastic syringes for jello shots. You'll never see anyone actually sitting in one, because this is one of the places that expects to sell everything "to go."
I highly recommend getting at least one drink from Mango Mango each time you visit Bourbon street, and here's why: 
-- Free shot with each daquiri
-- Your receipt lets you use the restroom at any of the 5 or so locations on Bourbon street.
That's right! You no longer have to pee on the sidewalk! With your Mango Mango receipt there's always a bathroom within a few feet of your drunk ass.Don't ever go to this place. Scammers . They will rip you off and the shots have no alcohol ... like at all.. seriously. I'd rather lick the ground on bourbon street than take another drink from this place. The shot girls they hire to lure people in are aggressive and will rip you off.Legit crap. My girlfriends are here for a bachelorette party. First night, we walked by this place. The ladies there basically got us off the street and forced us shots. They told us the price afterwards. The guy charged me for 4 shots when we only had 3. What's worse is the shots were no bueno. basically flavored water. no alcohol content (trust me, i dont drink much and i didn't feel it)
Granted, I had no idea that people here would literally pull us off the streets. I just thought people were friendlier. I've been in NOLA for a week, and this is the only place who the people litterally pulled us off the streets. When we went to pay for the shots we tried to explain to the manager what happened, and he wasn't even very nice. Then the girl who forced the shots on us flipped out. Like, legit crazy girl flipped out. When we tried to talk to her, she just kept on screaming, and doing that arm wavy thing that 'ghetto' wannabes do. 
If you do go here, just be warned; They aren't very nice, they don't care about you as a person, and they just want your money. 
#Disrespect.STAY AWAY! They will hustle you! Want shots? They will put 3 shots in their nasty mouth and then force you to drink them. She told me 3 for $15, but at the end our total was $40. I went to another bar and said they always over charge.We just come here for the Pochahontas's bloody marys, they are the BEST and she works morning/days usually. Cannot leave town without getting her Bloody Mary. YummyAfter checking in, this was the first stop on the way to Bourbon Street to pregame before the turn-up.
I didn't buy my drink, so anything free tastes good and the drinks reminded me of Mango's Tropical Cafe (Miami), so the hint of nostalgia was a plus.
I think I got a frozen strawberry something or other, either way, it was cold, sweet and alcoholic. 
I can't really remember much after that which means it was a great night!We had such a great experience in New Orleans so far. Until this place. Everyone we had encountered had been so friendly in the south. The nice people in the city had built up a sense of trust in the locals. But....The shot girls here take advantage of that to scam ppl. Just read the other horror stories here on it. Until this establishment removes these scammers, they will continue to ruin people's vacations. I don't know if the manager is in on it, of even the police officer, but it is wrong.This rating is purely for their pizza.  When you're cruising bourbon and looking for a slice, this place provides a solid slice.STAY AWAY!! 
Seriously stay away from this place!! Huge scam!!! The shot girls literally put the shots in my friends mouth and really gave us no choice and charged us $18 each!! They were the weakest shots I have ever had in my life!! They were extremely unfriendly and called the cops bc we were complaining that the price was outrageous. They said the shots were $4 each and they gave us 4 so how that equals $18 I don't know.just reviewing the pizza here, which was AWFUL.  i swear it's like a safeway frozen pizza.  flat, lifeless crust; uninspiring toppings; pretty much tasteless.  would not recommend it.I fell in love with the girl with the braces that works there. 
1 drink gives you a good buzZZThe flavor of the daquiri's are so artificial that they are hard to drink. And I suggest you check you check your bank account when you leave. I bought 2. There was a separate charge on my account for a third one. It's only  $9 but that's  $8 you could spend elsewhere.Mango Mango?! All I hear from this place is don't go, don't go. Honestly, this place is just bad. The staff look like a corpse in a open casket, deadpan boring with nothing to make you want to come here.
The drinks along makes me want to pour it on a open wound. It's just that painful to come here and drink. Mojitos are $10. $ 4 for Daiquiris. They have 15 frozen daiquiris machines, but none of the different flavors have the 'wow' factor. 
They do have Hurricanes and samples in little cups. They do have Buy One, Get One deals at 4 to 9 PM. 
The drinks are ok, but the pizzas are horrible. $3 per pizza slice, for a big and greasy, reminds me Bam Mamgera's father.
During Mardi, this place is crowded as hell. The pizza tops fall off more than girls's tops. It just falls to pieces. This place also sells plastic syrings for Jello Shots. Charming. :(
They play music, mostly Salsa. The bathrooms are OCD's nightmare. 
Over all: Drinks ok, pizza bad.I would rate this zero stars if possible. I was here on vacation trying to be brave and take in the night life. I was looking for Jell-O shots and this place was advertising them. A lady grabbed my arm and violently dragged me into the establishment, and said they had them, she then shoved 3 tubes of something, she tried to pass off as jello, down my throat. I was gagging and choking it down and then she tried to tell me that it would be $24. Any establishment that would let a scam like this go in is disgusting in my opinion. What you are doing is wrong, I will be reporting this joke of a restaurant to the BBB. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR MONEY!!! Especially not your card!! Very shady place!Two words: Absinthe Mojito.  After having a couple at the Old Absinthe House up the street (and earlier in the week), we noticed they offered an absinthe mojito for ten bucks.   Though they lacked their "shot measurer," they did a great approximation, including hand-crushing the mint.  Wow, what a fantastic drink, and my new favorite!   
I cannot vouch for the pizza.  The daiquiris we've had from here and elsewhere were like slightly alcoholic slurpees.  But, oh, was that absinthe mojito good.What can I say. Crappy pizza, overpriced beer but decent daqs. Ill just keep moving.DO NOT FALL FOR THEIR "TAKE A SHOT AND PAY $28" SCAM! Just as another used mentioned, my fiance and I were walking down Bourbon in a hurry trying to get back to our hotel. We were not drinking as we did not have our IDs on us. All of a sudden this girl comes out of nowhere and grabs my hand to pull me into Mango Mango. I am taken aback as no one wants to be grabbed by strangers. She then insists that we need to take a shot. We both declined telling her we were not interested and wanted to get back to our hotel. She continues persisting and we keep declining. We are trying to leave and she keeps grabbing my arm and pulling me back in. We look at each other for a second, and when we look at her she is in my face with two shot tubes grabbing my head and essentially forcing them down my throat. I am like WTF. Then she places 4 in her chest and grabs fiances head. He protests and asks "How much are these? Do they cost money?" and she blatantly ignores his question as she shoves them down his throat. Before we even know whats happening, she is like "So how do you want to pay. Together or separate? They are $28." We are like "Umm we never wanted to purchase these, we are not paying."
 I am not one to be confrontational in general, but it is a cold day in hell that I am paying someone $30 for something I didn't want/order/ask for. Umm no. And that is what I told her. She started telling me very aggressively that I had to pay or I was going to jail, and citing that there was a police officer on the street that would arrest me. Knowing I had done nothing wrong, I asked her to please bring the officer in to determine if we needed to pay. If we were in the wrong, we would have paid, but I was not about to pay for something I didn't order in the first place. I explained the situation to the officer and he pretty much rolled his eyes at her and told her to get her manager. As we waited with him for her to get manager, he told us this happens all the time and he is ready for them to be shut down. He also told me I could charge her with battery if I wanted. I declined, but in retrospect wish I had now knowing that she does this all the time. Anyways, she never came back and police officer told us we could go. No paying. So if you are in this situation DO NOT PAY! Charge away. We are filing complaint because she did not ID us  at all or ask for consent before shoving alcohol in our mouths...although the $5 a piece "shots" had probably 0.5 ozs of liqour total. Weak and overpriced. Avoid this place.Because we were such tourists, we continued to walk Bourbon Street like there's no tomorrow and after seeing 4 mango mango's, we finally gave in and decided we'd try their daiquiris.  Good Lord!  They had 15 different daiquiri machines with every flavor you could think of.  Best part - you can sample them in little cups and 4-9pm was buy one, get one free.  
We tried the Hurricane flavor and it was okay.  I've gotta admit though that the daiquiris were pretty strong given that we spent only $4 for them.  
The pizza looked wonderfully good and greasy and I wanted to try it so bad, but I was way too full already.
Word of advice - try not to drink the damn thing too fast.  I gave myself a brain-freeze a couple times and it hurt!It's really zero. Worst pizza slice ever. If I had the choice of pulling a slice of undercooked Tombstone three years past it's expiration date from the microwave or re-ordering the sh$tty pep and sausage slice I gummed through last night...I'd have to go with the former.Scammers, They poured shots into my mouth, then asked for $20, I called them out and they said something about $400 tabs and took my credit card out of my hand and held it out of reach...then demanded cash...? Messed up.This is the place for the most value priced beer you can find on Bourbon street. Generally, the price of a 32 Oz glass of beer is $4 or $6 for 2 glasses. But you will get Bud or Coors at this price. I wanted to have Bluemoon and after inquiring at 3 places ($5 - $8), I found this hole in the wall place to be the least expensive. $3 for 2 glasses!! It is located about half a block from Fat Catz bar and is literally a hole in the wall and easy to miss.I'm not a drinker at all.. so I love that they don't have much alcohol...got the piña colada the first day, went back the next day and got the mango, I'm going back today to get the hurricane,This is a scam. Do not listen to these little scam artist. They will offer you free shots then ask you to pay. They have pins that say that the shots are $4 each but then charged $20 for 3. She then got an attitude when we argued the price. And the shots had no alcohol in them, just mixer or colored water. I would give this minus 5 starts if I could.I'd never had absinthe, but Mango Mango may have had me convinced. Wandered into a random Mango before dinner and ordered up two mojitos. This is good quality liquor they use, not the wells, and lots of it. For about 10 dollars, you get an awesome handcrafted, mint mojito with absinthe. Very licoricey, which i personally like.
Still yet to try hand grenades though.Wow, the shot girl is a total con artist. She grabbed my boyfriend and me, tricked us into taking 8 shots within about 15 seconds,  and then demanded $40. In cash. And the atm has a $6 (!) Surcharge. I am sober as a judge right now typing this, I don't think there was any alcohol in the shots. Avoid this scam.Not much alcohol and very sugary.  However, they have a wide selection.  Everything is very similar to other daiquiris along bourbon street.  The staff is not fast, but they are efficient.Rip off! Avoid at all costs!! If I could give this place negative stars I would! They coaxed us inside with what we thought were free shots. All we wanted as daiquiris so we said no. She grabbed my arm and shoved me into a corner and shoved shots into my face. Trying to get her to leave us alone we took them and then she told us we owed her $28!!! There was no alcohol in them and we didn't want them! She then proceeded to keep a $7 tip without asking! Once I realized she short changed I asked the bartender for our money back and she laughed in my face saying 'nothing in New Orleans is free!' This place is filthy and the people who work there are the scum of the earth. Go to jesters or fat Tuesdays instead for your daiquiris. All they care about is screwing people over.Worst bar on bourbon street. If there was a bar that's a scam, this place is aweful. Horrible drinks, horrible prices.My friend and I walked by this place during the day on Saturday, and there were two female employees standing outside trying to get people to come into the bar. They were yelling at us to come into the bar, and when we walked by and didn't come in one of the girls said "Those girls are obviously b*tches" loud enough for us to hear. Wow. I know Bourbon Street isn't exactly the classiest place on Earth, but it's probably not appropriate to insult potential customers.
Rude. Rude. Rude.Came here to get a hurricane but was not impressed.
Most drinks you get on Bourbon Street are too strong. This tasted like there was no alcohol in it at all. This wasn't because it was masked well by the fruitiness of the drink but because there was virtually no alcohol in it. 
Mango mango made our drinks nono nono alcohol.
This place is like most of the other bar/drink places on Bourbon. Step up to the counter and get your adult beverage flavored drink of your choice. Stay if you choose, get a slice of pizza, drink at one of the tall boy tables, or stumble down the street with your Styrofoam cup. You choose.Horrible treatment by the employees, especially a particular female bartender!  My brother and his girlfriend stopped in this bar towards the end of the night for a drink.  His girlfriend was not doing well and went into the restroom.  When she had not come out in awhile my brother asked me to swing in and get her as I was walking by.  When I proceeded into the restroom I was greeted by a screaming, fanatical female employee.  She was angry I was in the restroom when I had not purchased a drink.  I explained to her I was grabbing my friend and leaving with her but she would not back off.  She continued screaming to the point my brother eventually approached her to explain the situation.  At that point she began spouting horrible obscenities which included a certain 4 letter "c" word.  The cook from the back eventually came to try to calm her down.  This was absolutely ridiculous!  After reading the other reviews on here I am not surprised.  Don't bother going here.  The drinks are not worth the horrible treatment.scam! we were pulled in off the street and forced test tube shots! after being given the shots, they told us to pay over $30 for the two FORCED shots and in cash! the staff was incredibly rude and took advantage... (they were also very touchy)! hope this place doesn't stay around much longer for the sake of bourbon street! definitely ruined the nightHorrible. Just terrible. They grabbed my girlfriend, poured a drink in her mouth, and demanded $10. When she rightly refused to pay, they stole her phone and held it ransom, all the while screaming profanities at us and threatening physical violence. Avoiding a fight, we paid, got the phone back, told the police, and left as quickly as possible. Working on reporting them more officially. NEVER GO HEREThis is THE WORST bar on all of Bourbon Street! The shot girls are scam artists- they pulled my friend (who had a "finally 21") sash on off the street and offered her a birthday shot which the girl put in her mouth and had my friend take it. Then- she did the same thing to me and offered me a shot- sounds harmless right? NOPE. 
She then proceeded to hold out her hand and say "that'll be $40" 
I was so shocked I didnt even try to fight it. It really put a damper on my friends birthday too- AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!So my friend and I are visiting from out of state. We were approached by a young woman who said "would you ladies like some shots? I won't rape you." My friend and I found that tactic to be abrasive, however, we were trying to keep up with the pace of Bourbon Street. So the young woman grabs me by the shoulders, puts three oblong shot glasses in her mouth, and pours them into my mouth. Not sure if this is illustrating the interaction appropriately but after I down the three shots at once the woman says, "that'll be 18.50." I was raped! They didn't take card so she rudely pointed me to the businesses ATM. Honestly, her tactic is abrasive, poor, unintelligent, and sleazy. It worked on two ignorant girls from the north but she obviously has duped others. It certainly puts a damper on my personal experience.