Well, we came here the day if my grandmother's funeral as a pick me up - 8 of us. We sat ourselves after we waited 5 minutes for a host, finally someone waved us to a table. We sat down, after 10 minute (I timed it) no one came. The place only had 4 tables full. Finally my dad went up there -- who btw has taken whole trips to Hawaii to sit front row at his concerts because he is such a HUGE fan of Jimmy, and when he went up to say something the manager waved him off and said "just tell me where you're seated sir" in a terse voice. I mean the experience was ruined for my family who is not only an avid fan of his restaurants and of the person, but our whole night, because we had to get up and leave. Horrible, horrible place. I hope they get their act together. If you look I don't think I've given a one star review ever. So, that might tell you something. Very sorry that happened. I hope it survives. The whole experience was negative which is crazy because we just were on Bourbon street being happy. As we left the table next to us said "yeah, we should've done that too..."Yes, it is touristy.  Yes it is a bit cheesy.  But in a way, I kind of like that.  They stay true to a local menu, and we enjoyed the food.  Plus, it is one of the few places in the area that I can get a gluten free menu and trust that I won't get sick.I was in town for work back in March and decided to stop in to ask about the lost dog story that I saw on Pitbulls and Parolees. Our waitress Jess was so sweet that she went to ask the manager for an update on whether they found the dog's owner or not. To me, that was such a sweet gesture.
My friend and I shared the swamp platter because we wanted to try some alligator (surprisingly, alligator tastes like chicken but chewier) . The platter also included crawfish, shrimp, and a buttload of fries. I also tried the crab corn chowder and thought that was really good! The food was good, the service was friendly and attentive, and the atmosphere is lively. I had fun and would do it again :)My husband and I decided to come and eat here because of the happy hour specials....$4.50 hurricanes and martinis. There was a young man in training behind the bar, and the lady who was training him.  We ordered our drinks and food, and the drinks were good.  The food was mediocre.  I ordered the cheeseburger po-boy and my husband got the cuban sandwich, which hardly had anything on it, mostly bread.  On the menu, it said that the burgers and sandwiches were supposed to come with french fries and a pickle.  We had fries on the plate, but no pickle, so I told the lady that it was supposed to come with a pickle, and she responded, "oh you want a side of a pickle?"  I thought she was very rude.  She came back with one pickle on a plate.  If your menu says that something comes with fries and a pickle, I expect a pickle!  Don't make it seem like a huge bother to you to go get something for me that was originally supposed to be on my plate to begin with!  The other annoying thing was that after every drink we ordered, she printed out a new receipt and set it in front of us, almost like she was trying to get rid of us!  We left disappointed that we had spent so much on such mediocre food and service in New Orleans, which is known for the amazing food.  I guess we should have known better than to go to a chain restaurant here, though.  Then again, maybe it was just the annoying, rude waitress that made the experience bad.  I wish I remembered her name...Only go to this tourist trap if you can catch a set y Kenny Holiday.  Kenny used to duo with Coco Robicheaux, but is an amazing blues guitarman.  I saw him get married on the bar of the hideout, and he used to play the Dragon's Den's sake night.  Kenny is the man.Margaritavilles are fine if there is nothing else of note in the area.  Basically, it is like a tropical themed Applebee's.  But in a town filled with culinary delights like New Orleans, there is no need.  
Don't get me wrong, the food is fine.  We had wings, onion rings, and fried pickles with our drinks and it was all good.  But like I said, in New Orleans there is no need to settle for a chain.Some places are probably best left as a part of a song. Margaritaville, for example. I spent the entire time I was here looking for my lost shaker of salt and never found it. That's a metaphor for something. I have no idea what, but I'll figure it out.
Honestly, it's not a bad place for a tourist to stop and get a cocktail, but this local girl just couldn't enjoy the place. The front bar (or is it the back bar?) had a band playing that was way too loud for the room. The lead singer must have thought he was playing Jackson Square or something. We seriously had to relocate to get away from it. It was that bad.
Margaritas aren't terrible, but tons of alcohol doesn't necessarily make a good drink. Their mixologist needs to know that. I didn't try the food, but I'm sure it's typical chain faire. Go in if you are in the neighborhood and need sustenance, but there are a lot of better places in the area.
Some people say that there's a woman to blame. I'm that woman. I went here and it was my own damn fault.Well, I figured all the songs that Jimmy Buffet sang about drinks and food that his restaurant would reflect what his songs said. Nope, not really! I will say this though, the decor is great and the music is festive but thats about it. I honestly don't even think that they put any alcohol in their drinks, they taste flat and watered down. I think that they use cheap ingredients and it shows in their food and drinks. I think Jimmy needs to get down here and straighten these people out!Worst service ever!!! We went in for drinks on a Friday night and they kept us waiting at the bar for 15 minutes without a welcome. Another 15 minutes to get the check - again at the bar, while we were supposed to be seated.4 stars for happy hour drinks only!  We didn't try any of their food but stopped in when we saw the sign outside for all the happy hour specials.  I forget exactly what the specials were but something like this:
2$ beers (specific ones- I forget)
4$ martini of the day
4$ hurricanes
3$ well drinks
I had the martini of the day and it was really good.  My husband had some beers all of which were all good.  They also had some guy singing country music.  Overall I wouldn't recommend the food here (your in new Orleans why would you eat here?!?!) but give it a try for happy hour drinks!Ate on the balcony over looking Decatur St. Great NOLA ambiance and good service.
The jambalaya was the best. I know it's a chain but good cajan food.Great style as always at MV but could not say to eat or even have drink due to the foul smell, sticky floor, and seeing tables being wiped down with food stained towels. I'm sure Mr. J. B. would have been quite disappointed.Let's just say the drink didn't meet the name expectation. In other words alco-marga and hol-rita BOTH left the ville and were not to be found in my glass!This is the WORST Margaritaville I've ever seen.  I've been to both the 
Margaritaville in Vegas and in Myrtle Beach and those locations were a lot of fun.  They had outdoor bars, great southern country music playing, and a very lively atmosphere.  THIS location in New Orleans is just your plain, ordinary over-priced restaurant.  The bar is very small and there is table sitting.  It reminds me of a typical Applebees type of restaurant.  I encourage anyone to visit the Margarittaville in Myrtle Beach and Vegas, but don't expect the same  fun atmosphere at this boring family style restaurant in New Orleans.  I was 
very disappointed.If you can stand the 35 minute wait, the food and service will be great.  I would suggest the cheeseburger in paradise and a cold draft beer..  Amazing......Ducked in here for dinner randomly and the fish tacos were dope. the drinks however were the stars. My waiter Aaron recommended their pomegranate Margarita and it was the bees knees. He even noticed everytime I needed a new drink and was right there. Excellent service and tasty food even if you're not into Jimmy buffet. Ask for AaronThis is a review of the bar only.
Margaritaville is not a place I ever make plans to visit, yet every time I go to the French Market, I end up at the bar. I have thought long and hard about what draws me there and here is what I have come up with:
1. It is the closest bar to the French Market that is open during the day. Everyone knows that no stroll through the French Market is complete without a beer. Sure there is a bar in the FM now, but it is all new and fancy looking.
2. I am a huge fan of margaritas. Actually, that is completely false. I think tequila is an awful liquid. The person I normally visit the FM with, however, is  a huge margarita fan and claims their version is the best. If you want a souvenir cup, it will only add $6.99 to the price of your drink. $15 margarita anyone? They do have refreshing Landshark Lager on draft so it isn't only a mixed drink bar.
3. I am a fan of Jimmy Buffet. I will admit it. I enjoy his music and the thought of living the lifestyle he sings about. There is something very comforting about drinking a beer while listening to songs about volcanoes, hamburgers and drunken sex.
If you're in the French Market area and need a drink, go to Margaritaville. I would probably eat somewhere else, but for drinks, it isn't half bad.My wife and I,  stopped here twice for a drink after  wondering the French Market souvenir hunting.  The bar on the French Market side was over crowded both times but the back bar was comfortable and the service was good. I liked their Bloody Marry and the vodka tonic had a good amount vodka in it. 
Both times I was there they had live entertainment.  I would stop by again.The singer was nice, but not up to the New Orleans standards.  Drinks were good enough.  Moving on to some place more authenticate.Truth be told - if you've seen one Margaritaville, you've seen 'em all. They do have some semblance of unique charm, depending on the location, but the menus differ only slightly.
Even I can admit that Margaritaville is a little bit cheesy and a little bit overpriced, but I'm still a total sucker for anyplace that plays JB tunes and sells fruity cocktails. 
I had my fave drink, a Bama Breeze (delicious but weak), and some queso and chips. My partner in crime had a muffaleta, which she proclaimed to be pretty good. The biggest problem I have with Margaritaville is its corporate stinginess. Their pours are WEAK ... and the drinks aren't cheap. That SO goes against everything Jimmy Buffet stands for. I find that offensive.
Also, in New Orleans, there are SO many places to get cheap, strong, delicious daquiris ... it seems like a waste of money to camp out here. 
But, I still giggle like a little girl when surrounded by parrothead paraphernalia. So Margaritavilles across the country will likely always pocket some of my hard earned money - especially the gift shops.Wife and I went here, sad day when a place called margaritaville serves terrible margaritas, I got the top shelf and it was at least 75% mixer, pretty un drinkable. Our waitress was nice, messed up our tab, but graciously fixed it. And to top it off, we didn't her one jimmy buffet song the whole time.It's been a year since our last visit here and I was disappointed to see some changes to the menu. Our favorite cajun pasta has a much more watery consistency to the sauce vs the wonderful creamy texture it has always had in the past. They've now gotten rid of the crab, mushroom cheese dip which was a great appetizer. We had the spicy crawfish dip instead which was actually really good but it was a fairly small portion of dip in a HUGE bowl of chips which made the amount of dip look even more inadequate.
Upon entering we were immediately reminded of the fact that it is always FREEZING in there so we asked to sit on the balcony and they couldn't oblige the request. They said we could sit on the patio out back...it's not a patio, it is the sidewalk.
This has always been one of our staples on our New Orleans trips and we were a bit disappointed this time around.Pretty much your typically Margaritaville, with some better views from the upstairs balcony.  I cannot speak to the food, but the drinks met the basic requirements: well mixed, not watered down, and served cold.  Selection and service were nothing special.  Finally, while they didn't have the 3 for 1 specials like Bourbon St, the prices were fair.For starters: I am a big Parrothead, and this is the 6th Margaritaville location I have visited to date. Yes, they are all cheesy tourist traps, but still more or less Mecca for diehard Jimmy Buffett fans (and yes, I do include myself in that particular population). 
I am just about willing to give this location 4 stars simply based on the fact that they played Jimmy Buffett songs nearly 4:1, which is an excellent ratio compared to other locations I have visited (Nothing like showing up at Jimmy Buffett's place only to be greeted by a DJ blaring Pittbull...here's looking at you, Margaritaville Jamaica...). 
We only came here to booze on this particular occasion, so I can't comment on the food or the restaurant service. If this is like other Margaritaville locations, the nachos are a solid choice. This location has a really great balcony for dining overlooking Decatur Street that would have been great for people watching. The only negative (and I acknowledge that most people wouldn't give a rip about this) is that you can't really hear the music if you are sitting outside. They also have an awesome secondary bar indoors on on of the upper levels of the restaurant featuring tire swing seating (Life is just a tire swing, y'all), but sadly it was full, so we didn't get to partake. 
We sat in the bar area on the first floor during our visit, where sadly, we got really crappy service. To be fair, we were here on St. Patrick's Day, and the bar was pretty slammed. I enjoyed our visit none the less...very cool vibe, and I would definitely consider having lunch on the balcony next time. 4 stars awarded, mostly based on the potential I saw in this place more so than our actual experience.Seriously if you are looking for great margaritas this is the place to be. First thing to try is the Perfect Margarita. Get the "Hot Onion Rings". This is the only place you will find them and the only place I ever order Onion Rings.Tourist hell.  And Jimmy Buffett being piped into the restaurant forever and ever until the end of time.  Gahhh, kill me now.  What have I done to deserve this?
Anyway I brought my friend here randomly, around midday during the barren summer moments.  The place was practically barren, but it was one of the few places open in the Quarter at this particular hour.  We kind of decided upon this place as a kind of joke.  And well, it certainly met our expectations.  
Vegetarian/vegan options are sparse.  I believe I had a dull side salad.  I can't quite recall what my friend ordered, but she said it wasn't that great.  Our waiter was a bit bumbling, perhaps possibly drunk.  Or I should hope so.  We obviously had to have margaritas and they were quite nice and fruity, although not the most alcoholic.  
The decor is tropical garish.  It's interesting, in that tourists' expectation way and sufficient conveys all things Jimmy Buffett.  It pretty family-friendly/safe, but it feels like a chain.  
With all the other marvelous options in New Orleans, you'd be wise to avoid Margaritaville unless you are a serious Buffett fan.Because Margaritaville Cafe is a national restaurant chain that seems to focus on selling merchandise rather than food, I was skeptical about the food's quality at first. Should I have spent my money on food or key chains instead? 
Safe to say, both my stomach and wallet felt rather full after dinner. This location (maybe all of them) offered a "recession menu" of smaller, less-expensive portions of popular dishes -- e.g. half a Reuben sandwich and a cup of soup for about $8. Decent food for decent prices.
Dish-wise, the onion rings seem rather thin; I tasted more batter than onions. Also, when I ordered the shrimp fajitas, I expected small, bite-size shrimp; the staff surprised me when my dish has actual, fully-developed shrimp on the plate. And maybe this was just our table, but our waiter did not offer us chips and salsa to start us off. Of course I expect this behavior from a typical Mexican restaurant, but the typical Mexican restaurant doesn't have a small boat hanging from the ceiling.
(BTW, if you like Jimmy Buffett merchandise, get your stuff at the gift shop next door before 8 PM. The restaurant stays open a few hours longer.)We ended up here after meandering hungrily through the quarter looking for lunch at around 11:00 am. Places were totally open and the ones that were open were slammed so we ended up here. It was pretty bad.
Nachos were cheese sauce and not melted shredded cheese. Fried pickles were ok and Po'Boy was average (just a sandwich on french bread with some lettuce, tomato and thousand island) I had a cheeseburger po'boy....could have been awesome, but wasn't.
Best part was the bar, which had tire swings to sit on at the bar....AMAZING IDEA. We sat down for a couple of shots after lunch. The girl at the bar said she would be right back. After waiting about 10 mins with no order taken we got up and left...bummer....
Anyways, there is a TON of good food in the quarter so don't settle for this place. it isn't worth it and isn't that much cheaper. Try coop's place across the street, its way better or go down to the market and try the Louisiana Pizza kitchen...Standard Chain stuff.  Much better places to eat in the Quarter, where most everything is underwhelming and overpriced.  We went on a Monday night with a party of 7.  Sat down at 6:30, and it took until 8 pm to get our food, all the while the waiter is only concerned about our drinks.  Total rip off.  Tables that sat down after us had their food and left before ours arrived.It's about to shut down. The $2.50 pints of landshark are nice and the $5 meals in Storyville tavern after 5pm are a good deal. The entertainment we saw was the worst we witnessed in New Orleans during our trip. If you're a Buffett fan like me you'll enjoy the decor. Better hurry up because it's about to close down.My sister is obsessed with Margaritaville, but when you're in NOLA, there are much better places to spend your hard-earned money. We stopped in for a drink and some appetizers. The fried pickles and fried green tomatoes were gross. When mixed with the ultra limy mojito I ordered, it was awful. The place is booming with customers. This leaves it dirty and makes the servers ineffective. Our server wasn't helpful and if it weren't for the colorful paintings all over the place, I would have completely hated it, but at least the colorful walls help you forget a bit of the awfulness you experience here.the two stars are probably too much if you ask me, but im going to be nice... maybe they had an off day, noones perfect after all. For starters my servers name was chris, or something similar to me and i thought it was kinda cute. we asked to be moved to a bigger table since we had two friends meeting up with us and also a child, they put us at a 4 top and gave us a high chair, we then got harrassed that they're not suppose to hold tables and that they would be holding a table for us. The child was too big for the highchair, but he sat in it anyways so we didnt have to wait for a larger table.  Well the drinks were ok, nothing phenomenal, the food was over priced, but good. The server must have forgotten to grab the childs drink, so by the time the milkshake had came out we had already had drinks and were eating our food. To me thats something that should be done first. I dont know if its just because i look young, but i have experience in the industry and i just hate having bad service when i know im a great tipper when i have great service.I'd like to send my apologies to my Parrot Head friends that I can't give more stars. 
I only had a drink--nay, make that a few sips of a drink--here. Probably the worst margarita I've ever had. And that's sad from a place called Margaritaville. 
Our server was very nice and the piano player was way fun. She even played "The Eyes of Texas are Upon You" for us. 
Can't speak to the food or other drinks. Sorry, Jimmy, not sure I'd venture back.Yum!  Great recession specials.  The plate of beans and rice with sausage was too big for one, we shared it!  The po'boy was the same!!  DELICIOUS DELICIOUS DELICIOUS!the conch fritters and aligator were ok.. not great - but then again it's a chain restaurant.  Server was sweet and attentive.  The Manager was nice enough to take us on a tour of the upstairs to see the tire swing bar and some of the other swag.  
Good, but not unique compared to many of the places in the quarterFood is OK - best dish the cajun pasta.  Drinks are OK.  Service is cold - too bad since the restaurant is supposed to give you this fun and tropical feel, but service makes the place feels like New York in the dead of winter.  
We were desperate for any sit down restaurant with air conditioning when we picked this place - too bad (or good for the restaurant) that there are apparently mostly just children-unfriendly bars/pubs in the neighborhood, so we had no choice...Pricey and the food was just okay, the restroom was a bit disturbing....The food was fine, but the service was awful. We could see our food sitting out for fifteen minutes, and the place wasn't busy. The wait staff was rude, would not go againHad the fried chicken strips. Not so good. Tasted like the chicken was previously frozen then sat in water to defrost. The batter was good , but the chicken had no taste. The staff are wonderful and friendly!
I have had the hamburgers and they are excellent!Margaritaville has bland food and poorly crafted cocktails. I had the "fins 2 the left" margarita. It featured cheap tequila and a margarita premix. Awful. The table snacked on nachos and queso. Both appetizers were edible, just nothing special. For my entree I ordered the fish tacos blackened. They were very bland. I was able to choke one taco down by smothering it in salsa. The salsa was the best part of my visit to Margaritaville. 
Overall this product of Jimmy Buffet's is only worth visiting for chips and salsa and cold beer. If you are at the point in your day/night where you can't taste your drinks anymore and enjoy the beach bum scene then come on in.We went there for happy hour on Halloween. The Mojitos were awesome and only $4. We also had some snacks for $5 which were also very good. Service was great and we were sitting outside enjoying every second.SO, what is the Perfect Margarita?  Let's start with what it isn't...
1.  It never touches a blender, be it a Frozen Concoction maker or otherwise
2.  It doesn't contain anything called a "mix"
3. Not really sweet at all
What it IS:
1. Very good quality tequila (lots of it)
2. Contreau - not Triple Sec
3. A cocktail
Yes, add some salt and this margarita perfection.  I haven't quite been able to duplicate it at home.  
OK, it has an excellent bar.  The kitchen is hit or miss but it's still decent bar food.  The Volcano Nachos are actually pretty darn good.   The "Cheeseburger in Paradise" is solid but not the best cheeseburger I've ever had.
The music?  Need you ask?
Bottom line: Yes - it is a tourist trap.  Yes - the do sell a lot of t-shirts.   However, you can do a lot worse.  If you're a parrothead it's a must!
The 4-stars are for the drink and the music.  The food is maybe 3 stars at best.Small for a margaritaville, but service was good.  Food and drinks were as expected.  Market across street is worth checking out after a margarita, or with one in hand!  Just a few blocks from bourbon street.Not going to lie...writing this review makes me sad. Not because I had a bad experience, but because having had to come here makes me sad. Seriously, to be in New Orleans, eating in this chain place....thanks to a picky friend of a friend that doesn't eat "seafood or stuff like that" almost caused total mutiny.  Obviously, however, plenty of people were thrilled to be eating here, as it was crowded and we had a 14-20 min wait. 
Anywho, in a rare attempt to be gracious, I grinned, bore it and actually had a nice time...although I strongly recommend that you take advantage of their balcony so you can at least enjoy a cool breeze, some festive scenery and remind yourself that you are in New Orleans as you chow down on your plain old American chain restaurant fare. 
Service...friendly enough, little absentminded.  Balcony dining definitely helps with that. I think if I had been sitting in the considerably darker and louder downstairs inside part, it would have been more than I could bear. 
Food:  well, I randomly got chili cheese dogs. Damn near impossible to mess those up. Served up hot and cheesy with a ginormous portion of crispy fries.  Fried pickles were surprisingly yummy...thin sliced the long way and in a light but well seasoned batter. Too bad the sauce was just a cup of colored, flavorless grease. Friend responsible for dragging us here had well- done cheeseburger in paradise and complained of the dry overdone-ness of burger.  No comment. Portion wise, it seemed generous and she did eat most of it, so... Other pal had some sorta chicken wrap...seemed standard looking, they honored her no tomato, blackened chicken requests without issue, so gold star there. 
Drinks:  typical insane fruity tropical drink selections...not my usual, but I am pleased to report that my "5 o'clock somewhere" was nicely  balanced, not too sweet and packed a decent punch. 
Not my ideal option for lunch, but all in all, I'm sure I could have done worse. Food quality, price, and service were all fine, balcony made it much better.This was our go to restaurant every time we were downtown. Also what the kids looked forward to most on weekends. 
Have never ordered anything I didn't like from the menu, proportions are always more than enough. 
BUUUUUT..... they no longer have the VIP//Locals club. They would still honor our membership card even though they no longer accepted new applications. We lost our VIP card and can no longer get a new one. Now we can no longer afford to take our fairly large brood anymore. The kids are not happy.
PLEASE BRING BACK THE LOCALS CLUB!!! Or we can no longer keep our Margaritaville tradition.First, let's clear up a few points before they fester into fact...
It is not just Jimmy Buffet on the radio here. They play a variety of Radio Margaritaville type stuff from many artists, not all of which is even Caribbean in flavor. It is just songs about not taking things too seriously.
There was a review mentioning the poor vegan/vegetarian choices. Really? I would have expected great vegan options from a restaurant owned by the guy who wrote "Cheeseburger in Paradise."
Expecting good vegan food and non-Buffet type music here would be like me going into an Indian restaurant and then ripping it for playing Sitar music and not knowing how to cook a steak. You know what it is before you come in the door. Enjoy your pad Thai hummus in some other particular harbor and leave this review to someone with carnivorous habits.
My first visit was okay but not extraordinary. I had the Fried Turkey Po Boy, which was pretty flavorless. My wife went with the Cajun Cheeseburger, which had shrimp and crawfish on it. I'm not into shellfish, but she said it was good. So good that she wanted to come back again later in the week.
My second visit was much, much better. I had the cheeseburger with onion rings. The batter on the onion rings had a nice slickness to it, and the burger was tender and juicy. Nothing extraordinary, but the prices were reasonable and the food was good.
Touristy? Yep! But that's kind of the point. It is fun touristy, though, not "I can't believe how bad the food was" touristy.
Fins up.the live music is what drew us in, but the food and service was very good.
we had the Bar-b-q shirimp on a bed of black beans and rice it was good  and we shared a big piece of key lime pie and the service was rigth on time with the ice tea and the music was lively and fun.
yes I would go back...We have been to different Margaritaville restaurants about 20 times and on Sunday night 2/9/14 New Orleans  was the worst service we have ever had. Took a long time for drinks to arrive and the food took even longer. Food was good and lots of apologies. This location I will never return to.ugh. A tourist trap, and a very cheesy one at that.I do not support going to a chain restaurant in New Orleans but I do enjoy this place and go for lunch every time I'm in town. Their menu is different at every location and this one is the best. They have a cajun pasta with crawfish, shrimp and andouille sausage that may well burn your lips off your face but you'll enjoy every second of it. Their blended drinks are fabulous but I question the amount of alcohol in them...and I shouldn't have to at these prices. Try the lump crab, mushroom dip and don't plan on having any room for dessert. Come on a weekend and hangout at the swing bar upstairs. Swing as in from a playground, not the music. LolGotta love Jimmy Buffet.  His restaurant is consistent - take it for what its worth.  Chain food with a fun atmosphere, touristy - but its MARGARITAVILLE!  Cheeseburger in paradise.  License to chill lemonaide margarita.
Nice balcony.I will preface by saying I don't like chain restaurants. Too kitschy. And if I'm in New Orleans that's the last place I want to be. But I was with a group and trying to play nice. 
The service was fine, but I was severely disappointed in the kitchen and the drinks. The margaritas were overpriced and not that good. The food took forever, and we only got appetizers. What takes 30 minutes for chips and queso?? Also, we got pickle chips that came with something grossly sweet. Some thousand island or something. And everything else was too cheesy and greasy. 
They get 2 stars since the server was sweet. But if you're in the French Quarter, do yourself a favor and go somewhere else, like Coops down the street.The best part of Jimmy Buffett's in NOLA is the upstairs area, with the cool chairs and tire swings. At least, that's what I remember of it 5 years ago and a lot of ingested tequilla. 
Like may Jimmy Buffett's, there isn't a whole lot of difference here. You can get aligator. And the drinks are strong and good. It's touristy, and I would much rather visit "local" bars as a tourist. But if you enjoy the world and music of Jimmy and you want a safe bet, and are okay paying a bit too much, this is a decent place to stop for a drink or two. You do get a nice feel of New Orleans here.Although I had no plans whatsoever to review this place, it happened to pop up on the Yelp New Orleans homepage right when I sat down to write a review. So, like the easily distractable girl that I am, I chased the shiny thing all the way down the rabbit hole. So here we are. 
Yes, this is a tourist trap. Duh. But as far as tourist traps go, it's actually kind of awesome. For one thing, it's not on Bourbon Street. For another, every time I've been, it has relatively few tourists in it (meaning, it's never been packed). The best part: at the upstairs bar, the barstools are tire swings! I don't care how aloof and jaded you are, tire swings at the bar are freaking awesome. Just admit it.
My family absolutely loves this place, which is the reason I've been here a bunch of times. However, I will admit to having gone here for a drink once entirely of my own volition, just me and one other New Orleans native. (Names will be changed to protect the embarrassingly guilty.) It was hot, I wanted a Pina Colada, we were in the FQ with nothing much to do. And I wanted to play on the tire swings. This is an afternoon I've been asked not to speak of, because my then-boyfriend was actually worried that people would find out he was there. Which is silly. But whatever, I had fun! And, as we all know, that's what really matters.New Menu and some new additions. I had a Cheese Burger with bacon. The first one brought to me was the wrong burger, so I had to wait another 15 minutes for a fresh one. By this time my wife was halfway finished her sandwich. I only had one piece of crumbled bacon instead of the regular two strips, one slice of tomato instead of the regular two, and shredded lettuce instead of a couple of whole leaves. Looks as though they cut back. The beef patty was good thoughVisited three times on a recent trip to the Crescent City & had a great experience every meal. I was in town for an extended Thanksgiving weekend & figuring that I might not have too many dining options for Thanksgiving dinner, I was happy to learn that Margaritaville was open for the holiday.  Jimmy Buffett fan that I am, I was definitely planning to visit, but did want to mix things up with more authentic local cuisine.  
They had a special Thanksgiving menu, featuring Cajun fried turkey & some other local touches & terrific service that convinced me to go back the next day for lunch.  
I tried their roast beef po boy & & loaded mashed potatoes.  Loaded indeed! Very generous portions & great value for your money.  Again, service was terrific.  I don't drink alcohol, but they kept the refills of soft drinks coming.
Two days later, I was back for dinner & had one last terrific meal.  
Don't forget to stop by the Storyteller's Cafe, where they often have live music playing.  I was sad to see the Margaritaville Store was closing, but definitely took advantage of the 45% off sales while I could.Had a rehearsal dinner here.   Got the fried shrimp and fish, which was fried, so it was good.  Had a few appetizers which were decent too.  Service seemed like they didn't really want us there, they kept clearing our food and drink before we were done.  
And there was way to much Jimmy Buffett for me.  It just kept playing.Nice bar and also a nice option if you are planning a private party.
The place offer 3 different sections so you can close any of these for you private event.
the drinks and the service is very good, the food is not that good :(I love the atmosphere of this place even though it is a franchise in the quarter, and I prefer not to go to franchise's. The drinks are delicious, and the food is pretty good.
The main reason why I come here is because they have tire swings at the upstairs bar. However, the last time I came, it was closed for some reason and the time before that, all the swings were taken up. I guess it's more of a reason to keep me coming back.Let me just preface this by saying that I was traveling with a vegetarian, so picking restaurants that he could eat at was probably the most excruciating experience ever. That being said, Margaritaville actually had some good veg. options so we decided to go there on our last night in town. 
The food was pretty good: I had the coconut shrimp, my friend had the fish tacos and my vegetarian friend had the veggie burger. We were all satisfied after we ate which is more than we could say about some of our other meals on the trip.
The service was also fantastic. Our waitress Jasmine was very attentive and made sure we had everything we needed. If you're nearby and need a place with good options, don't hesitate. 
Plus, Jimmy Buffet duh.Are you reading this Jimmy? I used to always stop at Margaritaville when visiting New Orleans and listen to the great bands in the bar but my last visit will probably be just that. 
When visiting this establishment for a refreshment and to use the restroom I could not have been made more unwelcome. Dunno what happened to the Quarter since Katrina but just about every business has posted no public restroom signs in the door and Margaritaville is no exception. They actually have a sign in the bathroom that states if you are not a customer your trespassing!
Normally when in any business to use their restrooms I try to patronize that business, it's just common courtesy  but Margaritaville's attitude seems to be keep the heck out!  
I had heard that New Orleans had tried to discourage this proir to Katrina to keep people from urinating in the streets and alleys but apparently have reversed that decision or are not enforcing it.
So next time your in the Quarter show Jimmy your gratitude and use his restrooms but party elsewere!I will miss this place.They homered locals with discount.On Birthday they had free mix drink and dessert.SO overpriced and SO mediocre! $15 for a "volcano" of nachos which were mostly chips.. barely anything on them.  And don't get me started on the drinks which barely had any alcohol in them.  I realize it's a touristy area but come on, a little quality wouldn't hurt.Margaritaville New Orleans is always one of my favorite stops in this fun-loving town. The food is delicious, well-priced, and plentiful, and the atmosphere is laid-back, casual and fun! We had a terrific server at lunch today, Mandy. She was attentive and had such enthusiasm over their restaurant and menu offerings. You can tell she loves her job! We would suggest the fried pickles to start - thin sliced and crispy! He had the chili cheese hot dogs - ate them all and would get them again! I had the signature "cheeseburger in paradise" - delicious and brought half home for supper. The house margarita is another must-have. Hey, when in Margaritaville...!Mediocre food, high prices and abysmally slow service. This is the third time I have eaten at a Margaritaville. First two times were similar and I wouldn't have tried it a third time, but I came this time with a group of friends. NEVER AGAIN!!!!Absolutely the biggest disappointment of our trip. Took 15 min to get a waitress, screwed up our drink order, 2 of 4 meals were wrong, waitress refused to make it right on bill and blamed everyone else. Food was crappy when we got it too. Love Jimmy but I will never set foot in his restaurant again. DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!Ok so it's a chain restaurant big deal, we usually stop here once towards the end of a trip just so hubs can have a margarita and I can have a good hamburger (seafood is great but it gets old after about a week I need beef) anyway this was the last day of our trip service was great, food was good, and we enjoyed the music and sitting down after walking around the quarter all week we will stop here again, you want kitchy and mediocre go to Bubba Gumps. Margaritaville may be a chain but at least they are consistant.If you visit this place you should sit on the balcony. Be prepared to pay a street performer by throwing money over the rail into traffic. Food was you would expect and the view is great.I love the way they crank the AC so you feel like you're in a meat locker. the food is mediocre and the mixed drinks are weak, but it *is* margaritaville, so hey...Great place to cool off in the French Quarter. Stopped by for a late lunch during satchmo fest this past weekend with my family. I loved the energy of the staff smiles all around and hustle in their step. My waiter Randall recommended the Cajun Pasta as his personal favorite, he knocked that one out of the park. He was really attentive and friendly, it was also nice to see him take time to assist his coworkers without missing a beat. He recommended great drinks, and pointed us in the right direction of a good time after we headed out. I definitely recommend Randall when you go to Margaritaville, New Orleans he won't steer you wrongMy colleague and I ate here while on business in New Orleans and had a great time. We're both vegetarians and it was vey difficult finding places to "eat". To our surprise, JB Margaritaville offered many of their meat dishes  as vegetarian options! Although this location is very popular with the tourist, the atmosphere and staff were great. The "vegetarian" cajun pasta was delicious. :)I've been to the Margaritaville in Vegas and New Orleans and I hate both of them.  The service was awful (waited 10 minutes before anyone ever came to our table), the decor is yucky, the restaurant is suprisingly dark for a place with so many tropical things in it, and the nachos we got were blah topped with nah.I've been to the NOLA Margaritaville a ton of times. Even though it is a touristy thing to do, I do love the feel of a Margaritaville in the heart of the french quarter. Of course, margaritas are a must. They make them fast, and they make them right. The last few times I have been in for visits to NOLA, the crowd was sort of non-existent. I've been during the afternoons, and late nights and I am sort of surprised at the lack of bar crowd this place attracts (or does not attract). 
The staff are on top of their game, the menu is very Key West themed, gator bites, fun beachy bar food. There is almost always live entertainment, but most of NOLA has this. The downside of this last visit was that the bar area smelled like sour milk. This often occurs when they wash the bar down with an old bar cloth that hasn't been washed all that well. 
Score- bathroom was decent, probably the best bar bathroom I've been in, in NOLA.Great crab,mushroom dip and spicy onion rings!  Our waitress Paula is the bomb. Efficient, fun and crazy! Ask for Paula.Food way too salty although decor is excellent.
One star as a restaurant. As a party bar, I might love it for the atmosphere and decorThe one star is harsh but i'm not a person to hold grudges but i won't be going back to Margarita ville. After going to New Orleans a few times i decided i need to go just to go and i went and well i'm not sure what the real problem was. But there was one waitress that did it all and it took 45 mins to get a drink. And another hour to get alligator bites but they were cold. We decided to just get the check and go. Took another 20 minutes. Not worth it.We love this place.  We visited NOLA back in October and had it for a late dinner then when we were back in town this past weekend we made it a point to eat here again!   This time it was for a late lunch on Saturday.   Live music entertained us in the bar area as we visited with friends.   We shared the Swamp Platter and let me tell you it is a lot of food!   All fried with fries and several pieces of french bread.    Course you can't go to Margaritaville with out having one of their Margarita's.  They are all good!After a 3 hour long bike tour around New Orleans, we needed some lunch!  From past Margaritaville experiences, I knew I needed a "Perfect Margarita" stat, and was so excited to stumble upon this location! It didn't seem too busy, so we put our name in and went to the bar to get a drink.  My "Perfect" margarita was just that, perfect.  However, that ends the great story of Margaritaville in New Orleans.  We wanted to sit out on the balcony, and had no problem waiting the 15 or so minutes we had to wait.  After 1/2 an hour (mind you, this was on a Friday afternoon at 2pm), they directed us to an elevator which took us to the 2nd level.  The doors opened and I saw those wonderful swings at the bar, great touch!  The waitstaff (bless their hearts) seemed very overwhelmed and hurried.  Not sure why, there was only 3-4 tables sat on the balcony that had over 10 tables, 1/2 of which were empty.  We ordered some queso and chips to start, and let me tell you, I was very disappointed.  The queso came cold, with some wierd film on top.  Once we stirred it up, all I could think of was the dip I make in a crock pot with Velvetta cheese... :(   This is a great place for drinks, but anything more than that, consume at your own risk.I was always tentative about the place until 5 1/2 years ago when we decided to have our wedding rehearsal dinner here.  They couldn't have been nicer!  The food was great and for casual people, the laid back atmosphere was perfect.
Fast forward - we got our Margaritaville cards as locals who get a discount every time we come in.  We go once every couple of months because the food is consistently good and the service is as well.  Last night, ANTHONY was our waiter and was very nice.  On a slow Monday evening, it's easy for staff to slack or be in a poor mood but he was on his game.  Yes, it's a touristy spot and a chain restaurant, but I do appreciate that they seem to WANT locals to come, and come often.  Not many other places offer a local's dining special where you get a discount every visit...
Look, if you're not into the tropical colors, don't appreciate Jimmy Buffet, and frown on the kitschy theme, don't go there.  But if you are looking for decently priced food that tastes good and people who actually want your business, you're doing yourself a disservice if you don't go by.  And tourists?  It's one of your best bets around the French Market while you're shopping!  And I don't even drink margaritas!Unbelievably terrible margaritas.  Basically tasted like sea water with sugar and sweet n sour mixed in.  I'm a margarita snob... But I had better drinks at dive bars in the marigny. I might be forgiving if this place wasn't called MARGARITAville.