Five stars. I've been here twice, most recently last night. Love love love the neighborhood atmosphere of the dinning room. The Shrimp and Crawfish Croquettes are a can't miss appetizer and the fried oyster salad is very reliable, too. Frying oysters is pretty difficult, but they do it just right. The Filet Mignon has also been very good when I've had it. A very thick cut and cooked precisely as I've ordered it. Can't complain about the service, either. The only MINOR thing I can think of is the possibility of a loud dining room. If the place is packed or if there is a rowdy table the intimacy can be zapped out of the room pretty fast. Still, five stars.I had the very good fortune to have dinner with a friend here last night.  He said the food was good, and the experience did not disappoint.  The appetizer special, leek and mushroom pate, was amazing.  I had the quail and waffles for dinner, and aside from the usual gripe because quail is a pain to eat, it was delightful...  A lovely, sweet and citrusy sauce, light waffles, and the quail itself, cooked to perfection.  Definitely worth the trouble!!  Dessert...  Well, my creme brûlée was good, if fairly average.  My friend's tres leche cheesecake was amazing, though!  
The service was exceptionally good...  She was attentive without hovering, and very knowledgeable about the menu and the wine list.  Definitely an asset to our dining experience.
My only gripe is minor.  There was a large, fairly boisterous table of people next to us who amped up the volume in the small dining room to a degree that made it difficult to hear our conversation...  The acoustics in the room really aren't suited to large groups.  But that is my solitary complaint of the entire evening.  And it's not enough to keep me from wanting to go back!Excellent quality haute cuisine.  Grilled oysters and mushroom cheescake are killer appetizers.  The Venison is succulent, served over apple smoked cabbage with a demiglace.  The Filet, though, oh my god.  Good wine list. Sit in the patio out back, right along the river (or at least the levy) and enjoy.  Service can take a while, if it's busy.Excellent food! Took my girlfriend here last night for Valentines day and we were blown away! They had a four course meal and they were not messing around with the portion sizes! 
Everything was great! The service, the food, the atmosphere. My only complaint is that the bartender should learn how to make a better dirty martini. 
Shrimp and Crawfish Croquettes and Artichoke, Sun-Dried Tomato and Roasted Garlic Cheesecake are out of this world. We decided that we could just eat a plate of the Croquettes for dinner and be completely happy. The fried oyster salad was alright, but it was not the star of the show. 
For our entrées we had the Spicy Tempura Fried Gulf Shrimp and the Grilled Filet. Both were amazing! The shrimp were huge and cooked to perfection. They were served with a sweet and spicy Thai influenced sauce served over sticky rice. The flavors took me back to the days I spent living on the beach in Thailand! The steak was cooked exactly how I ordered it. It was paired with some potato wedges that were great too. 
And the two desserts ended the night perfectly! We had the Dulce de Leche Cheesecake and the Chocolate Truffle Cake. The piece of cheesecake was huge and delicious! It was topped with almonds and caramel. What else could you ask for? Perfection! To all Chocolate lovers out there, order the Truffle Cake. It should be called fudge, because its extremely dense! I am not a huge Chocolate fan, but this was good. 
Overall a great experience for dinner here! I will return.Artichoke, sun dried tomato and roasted garlic cheesecake on a bed of basil and spinach chiffonade and olite tapenade.  Roasted banana with green lentil flour curry paste with almond cream and cilantro mint tomato relish.  Grilled proscuitto wrapped scallops and bitter greens salad tosed with shoestring potatoes, tomato caper basil vinagrette, shaved parmesan reggiano. Bronzed drum with jumbo lump crabmeat with brown jasmine rice with smoked shitake and pontchartrain vineyards pecan meuniere.  OMG!Always a pleasure.  Monday nights on the patio with the Courtyard Kings is the perfect date or low key evening with pals. Eating at the bar is fun too.
Menu musts: Grilled oysters, Scallop salad, filet and any of their desserts. Also, the spiced pecans are a yummy starter or bar snack. 
The wine list is nice. I like the A to Z chardonnay with the the oysters. YUM. 
I almost forgot, the lunch buffet is a perfect ladies lunch. Really delicious soups and pastas that change daily. I agree that the quiche is a little bland.What a wonderfully romantic and cozy place! I love the atmosphere here. 
I had the shrimp and crawfish croquettes - absolutely delicious! Full of seafood and not too heavy or dense. I also ordered the prosciutto-wrapped scallop salad. This was the salad of my dreams! The scallops were perfectly cooked and wonderfully seasoned. The greens were fresh and crisp and well dressed with a vinaigrette. 
Mat & Naddie's is a little pricey, but I think the food & atmosphere are well worth it.Food was very good. Had a great meal. This is one of those places I always forget about, but needed a place on a Monday and it did not disappoint. Service could have been a little better. All and all, a good meal in a nice setting.Waited close to a half hour.  People that came after us were waited on. We got tired of waiting and left.  Not once were we spoken to or addressed except to be given water.  Very disappointed as they have a delightful wine selection.  Food smelled good and an excellent wine list.  Hostess had real attitude. People were very apologetic as we were leaving.  Too bad as we were really looking forward to a great meal.We truly enjoyed our meal here. The food is inventive and yet classic. Everyone was very happy with their meals. The location is a little off the beaten path which is nice and the atmosphere is intimate and colorful. I would say 5 stars, but did find it a little on the expensive side.Ordered the Lamb Chops and since I paid $29 for them, I either should if paid $18 for them or gotten two more Chops. Other than that, the meal was excellent! The Chops cooked tender and we'll season. My sides veggies and poach egg, loved them.
The scenery and decor goods together nicely. It's as good as a place as NOLA or La Provence.For food, service and atmosphere this place is world-class!  Seafood seared to perfection, excellent wine choices, creative salads and deserts.  Atmosphere is like an old friends dining room.  Service is friendly and helpful.  Highly recommend the deck, especially in cooler weather.  Get a nice breeze coming down the river even on hot summer evenings.  The whole place lights up from passing train headlights, giving M&N's an interesting quirkiness.  Excellent lunch buffet.  Check opening hours, they are on a different schedule than most places.  This is one of our go-to places for out-of-town guests.  An upper tier pick for food, service, and atmosphere!I enjoyed Mat & Naddies. I thought the food was good & the overall feel of the restaurant was great. It's tight quarters in there but that is kinda part of the charm. I felt like I was at a party with a lot of my friends.. We would def go again!!found this place by accident and boy am I glad I did. This was the best meal I have eaten so far in NOLA. excellent food wine and service. I highly recommend you try it.Why does Mat & Naddie's not have more reviews?  This is one of my family's favorite places in New Orleans!  We have had many good meals here - delicious food, great wine, excellent location, and a pleasant atmosphere.  Mat and Naddie's is an excellent alternative to Dick and Jenny's or Jacques-Imo's (although I love them all).  
Just as a warning - don't expect a quick dinner here, especially on a busy night.  The fam went here for NYE a couple years back, and waited forever for the food.  I'm not going to knock stars though, because I don't think they expected to be so busy and were understaffed.  We also got complimentary desserts, which makes everything ok in my book, and we still got downtown before midnight - so no harm, no foul.My husband and I enjoyed our meals very much. He has the filet mignon with fries. They were fried in duck oil. This was a nice touch and tasted delicious. I had the grilled shrimp and sticky rice. The flavor was exquisite. I am not a fan of this type of rice but not I am! We had the white chocolate bread pudding to top off the evening. It was like bread pudding and banana foster got married and had a child. It was also delicious. We will definitely return. This is must do restaurant.A great experience.  My wife and I came here with our 2 year old (called them to ask them if this was ok and they were very nice and accomodating).  We went at 5:15 PM and practically had the restaurant to ourselves (only 2 other couples).  
The staff here are very pleasant.  For the appetizer, we ordered the Foie Gras which was excellent.  
For our entree, I got the venison and my wife got some sort of pasta dish.  I liked my dish better (this is not to say that my wife's meal was still not very good).  Overall, a very nice experience.  
Would recommend this place!!!This is a neighborhood spot, so naturally we had to check it out. The atmosphere is awesome. It's a cute little old house turned into a restaurant. The food was very good but the portions were super small and the prices were quite high. I enjoyed the overall experience but I felt a little bummed when we got home and we're still looking for something to snack on. We prob won't be back but I definitely am glad we went. Just don't go very hungry!Fine dining with a casual flair! 
Love the atmosphere, ate out on the patio. Great wine selection, something for everyone. Food was excellent (posted some pictures).First and foremost, kudos for the ambiance.  They have fresh vegetables and herbs growing outside.  The restaurant has all the charm of a beautiful little cottage.  Very warm and inviting.  Staff was pleasant and helpful.  
My 3 star review comes because I was under the impression that they had oysters.  I only found out afterwards they did not.  They do have a fried oyster salad, but wasn't interested in a few oysters on top of lettuce.  I wanted a couple dozen raw.    
I opted for the steak instead.  Steak was ok at best.  That's the best I can do for this review.  I'm still feeling deflated.  I wish I had some whitty comments.  Perhaps something pithy too.  At a bare minimum, I like to add a touch of sarcasm for fun, but alas, I got nothin'.  
Will I go back?  I don't know.  Probably not.  In a town with as many good restaurants as NOLA, why bother giving an average joint a second chance?We had dinner there last night. YUM! Atmosphere was intimate. Food was innovative and delicious. Service was amazing. Would highly recommend, if you want something different.Overall, we were glad we chose Mat & Naddie's for our date night.  Its location and ambience were exactly what we wanted for the evening.  We love a good dinner and a movie...  Unfortunately, the movie we were going to see was only showing in either of the area's AMCs (Metairie or Harahan), which meant we would have to expand our range if we didn't want a strip-mall dining experience.
M&N's was a great choice, and the coziness of the converted corner shotgun, made us feel a thousand miles away from the 3D IMAX experience we were just about to have.  The lighting and decor were great, and any restaurant that has converted a sunroom porch into their bar and waiting area is right up our alley.  They keep their table linens and flatware in a lovely oversized hutch which furthered the homey fancy-dinner-at-Grandma's feeling.  The only downside to the restaurant's physicality was the noise level that was achieved when a party of 12+ was seated in the middle of the dining area (and at least 6 of these were tween girls, hyped after the local private school's Father-Daughter dance).  Not a good date location for those who are hard-of-hearing... Unless you don't like listening to your date very much.
The food was far from my Grandma's, though.  Maybe if my Grandma was an ultra-hip neo-cuisine chef who dabbled in adding delicious twists to upland game fare.
We started with the sun-dried tomato cheesecake... Fantastic!  I would have fought my husband for it with the fork, and won, had I not wanted to make a scene.  The prosciutto tart left something to be desired (crust was stiff, and gastrique too bitter), but the spicy shrimp bisque was delicious!  I couldn't get enough of the soup, and was sopping up the residuary with what was the best sesame loaf I've eaten in long time.
The drinks were a hit and a miss.  In addition to a great wine and local beer selection, they have some signature house cocktails.  The Aviation was a great choice.  Light and fresh (a touch of flowery with the violette... But I like that), it made me yearn for summer.  The "High on the Hog", however, was an acquired taste.  The dressed up Bacon-infused bourbon tasted more faddish than scrumptious.  I can't remember what else was in the cocktail, but the overall effect was a tad sour.  And sour meat, to me, is... Blech.
And then came our entrees.  Yum!  My husband had the filet mignon, which was "good."  Not amazing, not a let-down, a solid "good."  Which is something, coming from a Midwesterner who has a high bar set for his steaks.  I had the quail & waffles.  If you've never had quail; Warning: difficult to eat.  If you have (and enjoy it), or haven't (and are adventurous), proceed with ordering!  The bird was done just right; juicy and flavorful.  The manchego waffles were the perfect, soft, consistency, and the capicola gastrique and orange walnut sauce transformed the dish to a glorious grown-up and classy take on the chicken and waffles.  I say again, Yum!
The wait-staff was polite and helpful, and mostly left us to ourselves, which we appreciate.  We never ran out of drinks and noticed, before we were asked if we wanted more.  And we were never asked mid-mouthful if dinner was good.  A success in our books.
A success overall.This place has two very different personalities for lunch and dinner.  The lunch is a 3 star and the dinner a 4 star so really this is about a 3.5.  The lunch (which is a pretty great value) reminds me of what I would call an old Southern ladies Sunday brunch that usually consists of a pasta dish, salad, soup, quiche, and some mini buns for sandwich meats (and very tasty shrimp salad & chicken salad).  The dinner menu might give Brigtsen's and Clancy's a run for their money.  In the Summer they sometimes have an early dinner special and they often have special wine dinners.  I like both the lunch and dinner incarnations of this place and they have a nice tiny patio in the back (with music sometimes).  The dinner prices are very reasonable and this is one of the best fine dining values in the area.  I've never made a reservation here so it has always been very accessible (the parking is very limited and tight on the street) but I've always eaten here on the early side of the evening.Been here many times and have never had anything less than a very good meal. Excellent service, fresh and delicious food, carefully prepared, wonderful flavors and a fantastic atmosphere...like you're having dinner at your best friend's house. Worried you can't get a table at Cochon?  Don't worry your head about it. Head to Mat and Naddie's.I love coming to this place for lunch! Located off Leake Road. Looks like a shotgun house, which we love. 
If you crave good food, variety and fast service, you would like this place. 
Buffet style yhall. The buffet changes daily, which is a problem for me. 
The bread pudding is a great lunchcap. The price for lunch is less than $15.
P.S.
I love when people take pictures of menu's. Will have one for you next time.I have moved to New Orleans since my original review and have returned to Mat & Naddie's numerous times. The vegan red bean falafel and the mushrooms are absolutely scrumptious and I'm not ashamed to say I get both every time I go to M&N. The staff are always very attentive and friendly and the prices are great for the ambience, portion size, and deliciousness. Last time I went, I heard they do forward happy hour and reverse happy hour, with wine on sale from 5:30-6:30 PM and 8:00-9:30 PM.
I go back to Mat & Naddie's any chance I can.What a lovely place! A true New Orleans restaurant.  Excellent service.  It did take a little while to get our table that we made reservations for but we sat at the quaint bar and had drinks that were thoughtfully made. 
I think the menu changes often here.  We started with the hogs head cheese.  Not house made, so I don't feel bad about bashing it.  I wouldn't order this, it was chunky and not very flavorful, I've had better.  Then we had this salad of beets, fennel, endive and blue cheese.  I wish I could have this more often.  It was delightful.  For my main course, I order the venison steak with chimichurri, plantains and bechamel.  The venison was gray so I would use another sauce to offset it's color, not green.  It tasted delicious though.  I didn't love the bechamel, which had the consistency of mash potatoes but was actually flour, butter and cheese.  Ek.food is usually very good....
sadly the lunch buffet is gone....what a shame!
(no more shrimp salad or amazing chicken/satsuma salad)
wish it would come back....it was the best deal in nola for yrsProsciutto-wrapped scallops? Wooord.  The aforementioned appetizer and the dessert (dulche de leche cheesecake) were excellent. The entrees (quail, filet mignon) were excellent as well.  The quail was tasty but small portioned (not usually a problem for me) but their steak is one of my favorites in town. Overall it's wonderful, and has grown to be one of my favorites in the city.This is truly a restaurant I love. It is my favorite place to eat in New Orleans (this is after The Bank Cafe in the Marigny closed its doors). The food is well prepared, the flavors are balanced and the restaurant is small and comfortable. Beats a lot of New Orleans' upscale restaurants. I have yet to eat anything on the menu that I didn't like, but the steak and redfish are my faves!The GF and I went here a few weeks ago and had a very nice dinner.
They have a good cocktail menu.  I had a couple whiskey drinks.
The appetizers were quite good, the GF had the oyster salad thang...  She seemed to really enjoy it.
For main course I had the steak and potatoes (the menu changes every few weeks?) which was very tasty.
Place has a nice atmosphere and the service was very good also.
I look forward toward going back and trying some other thangs on the menu.They are close to my home and used to fly under the radar for me, but a last minute decision to give it a try turned out great.  We have been back several times since.  The equation for me is simple, good food, good service, good value.  They have put it together correctly every time.Nice concept, good wine list, but inattention to details. Fairly ambitious (if a bit arrogant) menu should be executed spot-on at these prices. But, $9 soup was tepid ; rubber chicken on burnt cornbread discs. Greasy , unnecessarily dense golf ball doughnut dessert.Service was once again the worst I've had outside of Taco Bell ! Felicia at the local Taco Bell is more enthusiastic and thoughtful than anyone at m&n on my last two visits. I was encouraged to give them a second try by someone who has not been there in a long time - things Change- and for the worse at m&n2nd stop on the tour is Mat & Naddie's in the Riverbend area. Great customer service, awesome shrimp and grits, and the chocolate cake is extremely rich but good. P.S. If it's a nice day, I recommend sitting outside, great ambiance!
#coolinaryeats #coolinarynola #restaurantweeknolaGood food and good drinks, but spendy.  About $140 for two people with drinks, dinner and dessert.
Bartender did a great job when asked to improvise on a drink, given the instructions, "bring me something with bourbon in it."I had high expectations of this place based on reviews but I doubt I will ever go again.  While the food was good for the most part there were a few issues.  The bread pudding was horrible and the worst I have ever had.  It had little flavor and was very runny like it was not fully cooked.  y bronzed fish was nicely prepared but I found the accompanying risotto also very bland tasting.  The standout dish was the appetizer the Garlic cheesecake served with warm bread.  However, the entire experience was totally overshadowed by the loud atmosphere.  So loud you could barely talk to each other and when you did you found yourself having to speak loudly as well to be heard.  Our wine was brought to the table barely chilled and that is really very poor service.  I won't go back because there are too many places where the food is equal or better than this that have a much better dining environment.Super friendly waitstaff that really know their food and wine help make this a treat. The pate is very fine and spiced pecans are a fine pairing with a cocktail.   Unusual meats (rabbit, venison) combine with nice sauces.  They have vegetarian and vegan choices.  The spinach was very delicately prepared.Cool venue.  Sit outside if you can.  Good drink/wine selection.  
Awesome appetizers and menu.  I got a smoked brisket from a local producer and it was amazing.  my date got some mushroom thing that was extravagant and complex.  appetizers we got some cheese boat thing that was great.  i got a blueberry cobbler with vanilla ice cream for dessert which was simple but great.  my lady got some doughnut kinda think that in my opinion is for boring grannies and not hot smoking young singles looking to mingle.  this is definitely a place we will go back to on special occassions.
awesome service.We decided to try their lunch buffet (11-2pm) for $10.  The price is fair for the fresh quality of food.  They had a crawfish pasta which was very good, salad (greens, beets, shrimp salad, chicken salad), soup (chicken noodle that day), lunchmeats (ham, roast beef, cheese), and quiche.  The quiche was very bland and I was somewhat disappointed since others have reviewed on other websites that this is really good.  The crawfish pasta could have been warmer as well, but heated up as more people helped themselves.  But overall, can't really complain too much for $10.  We didn't save room for dessert, but they had quite a few choices and they were reasonably priced between $4-6.  
I will warn others that the sodas come in those tiny glass bottles for $1.50 each.  My husband drinks at least 3-4 glasses in one meal, so for those that are thirsty, be aware and order iced tea instead.I love Mat and Naddie's. The whole experience at this lovely little restaurant off the beaten path is truly memorable. The food is inventive and fun and provides an excellent contrast to the loads of places doing the same old variations on the same classic dishes. 
I went to Mat and Naddie's twice so far, one time for a graduation dinner and one time for NOLA restaurant week. Both times were amazing. From smoked mushrooms with mixed vegetables to an amazing scallop dish Mat and Naddie's will always have yourself thinking "Man, how do they come up with this combination of ideas all on the same plate." The ingredients are always fresh and locally sourced. The service is friendly and cordial. The hostess was the same both nights I went and was so animated it just made me happy inside. She had an excellent knowledge of the menu and wine list and did everything to make our experience amazing.
You have to try this place out. I promise you will be glad you did.I was excited to visit Mat & Naddie's as I had heard good things about it, the website looked good, and the reviews were appealing.
The affair had a great setup, the location is tucked away on the edge of a residential area with an actual view of something other than buildings (green space & trees + power lines). The little house is adorable with a cozy interior and the patio is wonderfully lit and decorated.
The menu arrived, four sheets of paper clipped to a sheet of cardboard, and a wine menu clad in metal-pretty cool idea. None of the appetizers looked particularly appealing, so we settled on the duck confit salad as a starter, then opted for the lamb and mahi-mahi for entrees, and a bottle of Zinfandel from Mendocino.
The Zinfandel was good, a bit tangier than the menu suggested.
The duck confit salad was delicious, a lovely dressing, and just the right amount of each ingredient. Not overpowering. Subtle. Delicious.
Then with the setup complete, out comes the rug.
The lamb ribs were cooked correctly, medium rare, but were not particularly special. The rest of the dish had a feel of busyness with the spicy romesco being quite overpowering and the Manchego fufu felt more like fluffy cheesy grits. Too many flavors, not enough clarity of what the dish was meant to be.
Our mahi-mahi was nicely grilled, flaky and not dried out. However, again missing something which made it more than a piece of fish. The greater downfall in this dish were the sweet & sour vegetables which felt more like soft under-pickled but overly vinegary plain vegetables.
In an attempt to revive our evening, we ordered a creme brulée. Now the custard was great, creamy, delicious, everything it should be. But put that custard in a souffle cup too deep for a good brulée and you've got a crust that doesn't crack and a half-cold creme brulée. Get wider and shorter souffle dishes.
Overall, not likely to return for dinner although which makes me sad because I thought it was cute, it's like a date with a cute and originally interesting girl who is actually sort of boring.
I hear their lunch buffet is good though.One of our new favorite places to eat, Chief Steve always has something new and interesting. The char grilled oysters are great, but not the typical found at Acme or Drago's. I loved the grilled tuna, cooked just right and on a bed of polenta. Great service and atmosphereI went to Mat and Nattie's while visiting my friend in New Orleans.  I could have eaten 90% of the menu - everything looked unbelievable.  
What we did have: 
-Soup du Jour which was a curried butternut squash and apple and was perfectly fall-like, even in the slightly warm NO weather
-Risotto in Bianco con Agliata with Grilled Eggplant - seriously the best risotto I have ever had.  The eggplant and pepper on top seemed like an after though and didn't really add to the dish, though
-Porrata - Leek and Prosciutto "Tart" - didn't try this, but my friend was in love with it.  It looked delicious.
-Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Scallops & Baby Greens Salad - Two nice big scallops that were cooked to PERFECTION.  Totally amazing.  The salad was the perfect complement, as well.
We skipped dessert because it was the end of a long, food-filled weekend, but the selection looked great.  They also had a great wine-paired menu for about $60/person for 3 courses.  Great value and something I would definitely consider if I ever make it back to New Orleans!Came here for dinner last night, and my overwhelming opinion is that this COULD be one of my favorite restaurants IF I went in with a different mindset. They have an amazing array of alcohol, appetizers, delicious salads, and entrees, but as it was I went in with not much of an appetite and a slightly sick stomach from too much whiskey consumption the night before, so I played it safe and only got the Salmon en Papillote, which was good, but certainly not their highlight dish and not a good representative of the chef's style. 
The Salmon en Papillote comes with leeks and grape tomatoes and mushrooms and red potatoes, all covered with lemon and butter and wrapped together in a piece of parchment paper which it's baked in. This locks the flavors of the juices in and makes the meat super moist and tender. The dish was great - I just could have had similar-tasting salmon anywhere, and I regret not getting the drum (Bronzed Drum Menuière with Lump Crabmeat, Brabant potatoes and market vegetable), which even our server said was more indicative of their southern-inspired cooking style. 
Next time I would also get an appetizer or two (salmon and crawfish croquettes, or sweet and spicy pecans), the fried oyster salad and dessert - probably the bread pudding. I'll definitely be back. It's pretty pricey but I think it's worth it; it's not the type of place or menu that you can find a replica of in any other major city/foodie city. There's a great article about the sous-chef in the women's bathroom, ladies, which will make you more appreciative of the menu and the masterminds behind it :) Great location and ambiance - definitely a good date place -  but they no longer do lunch, which is heartbreaking!visiting from CA. we found this place via lonely planet. do yourself a favor skip the cliche NOLA joints like coops (in a word, "UGH"-pony sized roaches roaming freely being just one of many complaints). back to M&N ...very unique food in interesting combinations. i'm not generally one to go outside my food comfort zone but thankfully i was with an adventurous crowd and we ordered family style....wonderful! the presentation, the service, the funky digs all worth a trip out to what ever that neighborhood is.The Croquette appetizer was all I had time for and it was delicious. This place won me over along with the friendly staff and atmosphere. Looking forward to coming back for a full dinner.Wonderful dinner, this is type of restaurant for those who want intimate environment, rich food, and drawn out meal with plenty of time to savor your company and your food. 
Dinner for our group of six took over two hours, though you wouldn't know it as you sit there and enjoy the experience. Pate appetizer was good- accompanied by toast points and a variety of acidic options(olives, pickles, tomatoes) to help cut the rich fatty flavor of a pate. The pate itself was a little milder in flavor than I'd prefer.
Gulf shrimp entree I ordered was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The prosciutto wrapped scallop salad also featured perfectly executed seafood preparation- scallop was firm and sweet, with a smoky salty "crust"
Since it is Pi day after all, ordered the lemon ice box pie for dessert. A beautiful tartlet, with a light almond meringue on top. Did not disappointWe have only been there once - for the buffet brunch.
It was average.
Too many other really good places in the River Bend area so we haven't been back.The best part of this place is the atmosphere.   The seating outside was refreshing.  You are right next to the levy.  The service was very appropriate,  getting us what we needed while not being top intrusive.  The food was excellent.  I had the duck it was great.Hmm...lunch in Elmwood...let me see, we have Applebees, Copelands, Subway, Wow and maybe a Chinese buffet or two(hence the daily brown bag).  Only two miles outside of New Orleans, and the food options go downhill quick.  Wait, I've got it!  I'll meet my girl by her office in Carrollton where they have, you know, actual restaurants!  It turned out to be one of my better decisions.  I'm not sure who Mat and Naddie are, but I'm glad they decided to set up shop at the end of Feret St.
The restaurant is small but it feels much larger once you get inside.  It's a beautiful shotgun house with lots of natural light.  Half the tables are outside on a cool patio/deck, but since it was only 40 degrees, we opted to stay indoors.  To get in, you have to walk into the side yard, up some steps, across the front porch, down a step to the side porch, take a left and then into the side sunroom.  It was such a journey that it felt like breezing through the line for Splash Mountain on a slow day at Disney World.  There should have been little LCD TVs along the way warning that this ride is not for expectant mothers or people with heart conditions.
There was only one waitress working the entire dining room, but she did a great job.  She was on top of everything and very nice.  We started off with a dinner roll and cornbread muffin, both excellent.  The Portobello napoleon was killer.  Two Portobello mushroom caps sandwiching spinach, polenta and a fresh tomato slice.  All of this was sitting in the middle of some creamy tomato-y red pepper sauce that left me looking for a chunk of bread to clean my plate with.  I love a full veggie option that does not leave you feeling deprived.  My sides, however, did just that.  The mac and cheese was a little blah and the okra with tomatoes was edible, but slimy coked okra just doesn't seem to be my thing.   
The girly went for the fried chicken and was very impressed.  She said it was better than Willie Mae's and I have to agree.  I love WM, but the crust on the chicken is a little too thick for me.  The batter here was lighter with better texture, and the chicken was just as juicy and flavorful.  She also had the mashed potatoes with gravy and the shrimp bisque which were both solid, but the shrimp bisque was missing a crucial ingredient: shrimp.  It had a great taste, but it was more like a broth.  There wasn't a kernel of corn or chunk of seafood to be found.
For dessert (Yeah, I eat dessert at lunch.  You got a problem with that?  As long as my pants still fit, I don't either.), we went for the cheesecake and the bread pudding.  They got it half right and cheesecake was clearly the better of the two.  I don't like when cheesecake is so dense that you feel the need to pull out your knife, but this was nowhere near.  It was light and fluffy with a soft crumbly crust with shaved almonds mixed in on the bottom.   Caramel sauce was drizzled over the top and then sprinkled with more almonds.  Not bad for $4.  As for the bread pudding, it came out as a pile of mush in a little bowl with really crusty pieces mixed throughout.  It looked like they scraped out the last bits out of a large pan and sent them out to the table.  The sauce was okay and definitely helped, but it was one of the more disappointing bread puddings I've been served.
Not everything was great, but I would definitely go back and try dinner.Four of us had a fantastic dinner at Mat & Naddie's last night.  It was our third visit and it is one of the best restaurants around.  The wine list is extensive and during each visit, the wine was served at the perfect temperature.  The fried oyster salad was delicious.  The bronzed fish was perfectly cooked as was the fresh green beans.  For dessert, we split the bread pudding, warm blueberry peach cobbler and the lemon icebox pie.  All 3 were incredible.  (Go for the lemon ice box pie!).  The service was great - attentive but not overbearing.  We had a relaxed leisurely evening and are looking forward to going back again!So glad we went off the beaten track a bit to find this restaurant. We were passing through New Orleans and stopped for an early dinner. The restaurant is funky and comfortable. Service was friendly and enthusiastic. I had wonderful drum (fish); even my meat-eating husband loved it! Delicious curried squash & apple soup, served piping hot with fresh bread. Yum! A really pleasant place for an evening meal. Hope to get back there--First came here a year The food is even better'and a bit ago for my rehearsal dinner, and recently returned.
The service is great. The food is even better! My party included a very particular food allergy AND a vegetarian, and not only were they able to accomodate everyone, but they did so in such a seamless way that all we could notice was that we were all very full on very good food.Came by for a quick bite this afternoon.   The offerings were typical, the fish today was nice.   It took awhile for coffee service as it seemed everyone was drinking it today.   Coffee was fresh and hot.  We ordered dessert, which was a nice piece of cheesecake.  We deserved it.  Servers are young and immature, but pleasant enough.Wow!  What a wonderful dining experience.  Such a cute restaurant in the riverbend, comparable in experience to Dante's Kitchen and Brigtsen's.  The service was excellent, the food was fantastic and the ambiance was relaxed and welcoming.  Can't wait to return either for another date night or with some friends.I've always loved dining at this restaurant. I enjoy the fresh, local produce on the interesting menu that changes frequently, but always delivers favorites. It's pricey, but romantic, and I've never been disappointed. Treat yourself sometime!This is an exceptional restaurant. I would have given it five stars but my wife didn't think the grilled oysters were cooked enough. Our waitress, Melissa, was fantastic.The food here is fantastic!! Love the casual atmosphere. Perfect for getting together with a group of friends over a nice glass of wine and a delicious dinner!I came here with my roommate as a going away dinner for him and we were both VERY pleased.
We got there at 5:30 and were the only people in the place for almost all of our meal.  But that was fine with us.
We started with the appetizer special and drinks.  Potato-fish croquettes (fish was drum) with a cucumber sauce and tomato chutney.  I had the Aviation (gin, violette, maraschino liqueur, lemon, sugar), and he had The Beatnik (amaro averna, maker's mark, taylor 10 year tawn port, peychaud's bitters).
I had the seared gulf fish with farmer's market vegetable and rice pilaf.  The fish was redfish, and the vegetable was snap peas.  Both are favorites of mine as far as fish and veggies, so I was more than eager to try it.  It was served over a creole mustard lemon beurre blanc, and the whole thing was just amazing.  I literally licked my plate clean. 
My roommate had the chakchouka with two roasted lamb chops.  He actually got 3 lamb chops, which was sweet.  Their version of chakchouka is apparently a poached egg in a big crouton with eggplant and pepper ragout.  He also licked his plate clean and chewed the meat off the bones. 
(We deemed our lack of etiquette acceptable because no one else was in there and it was THAT good).
On a whim, we went ahead and got dessert.  I ordered the paneed white chocolate and almond bread pudding, and he ordered chocolate peanut butter gooey butter cake.  That's not a typo, that's what it's called.  Both were very good and our entire meal sequence left both of us very satisfied and not overly full.
The service was perfect (again - the only people there until dessert), and our server was very friendly and funny, but not overbearing.
It wasn't cheap, but I think the quality/quantity of the food, the service, and the general experience warranted all five stars.
I'll be back, and soon.I am a local and decided the Revillion menu would be a good way to try some of the best dishes. SO dissapointed. First let me say the service was good and staff very friendly.  The Revillion started with stuffed olives. This was actually a fritter with an olive stuffed in it.  Wierd.  The next course was the oxtail in an onion which was quite good and should have been the featured item. I got the veal roulades --very small portion but dry and overcooked  My husband got the seafood gratin which was a mish mash of ingredients and not good.  The beignets were so so.  I would think the Revillion menu would have been great , especially since the wait staff absolutely raved about it.  Maybe had we ordered from the menu we would have done better , but for now this restaurant is off of my list .  Very dissapointed and would not recommend.had a 9:30 res at Mat and Naddie's, we were running about 15 mins late because jazzfest traffic was brutal, called them and told em we were running late. They said no problem. We walk in at 9:45 and they start copping insta-attitude, "uhhhhh, we closed 15 minutes ago..." I told em we had a ressie and called, the hostess dragged her tired ass back to ask the manager. Manager comes out and she was giving even more attitude than the hostess. They sent us on our way, so we popped into Dante's instead, best thing that coulda happened, Dante's rocked and they were so nice. Mat and Naddie's get the gasface... thanks for telling us it was no biggie then copping 'tude after i busted my ass all the way uptown from the quarter.... and who the hell closes at 9:30 during the 2nd weekend of jazzfest...? salty idiots who don't like to make cold hard cash, thats who.Walked in here once at night, looked at the menu, was more expensive than we thought, considering the adorable roadside exterior.  We left, promising a return when our pockets were more full.
That was until I was notified of a 10 dollar buffet lunch Monday through Friday.  BUFFET.  Ok.  
Everything was delicious, and it was a buffet, and buffets make people (me) happy.  Creole shrimp salad, fresh greens with the best bleu cheese dressing I could imagine, and SMOKED GOUDA (god of sandwich cheese).  
The setting couldn't be more lovely, and they gave us free dessert because they thought the service they gave us was lousy.  It was not. 
FREE PECAN AND SWEET POTATO PIE.  Oh my.  
Going back this Friday for catfish and will be in for dinner next time I'm feeling special.  I wish I could be a regular.It's still hard for non-meat eaters to have an upscale meal out in New Orleans, so if you are vegan or vegetarian, you now have a good option in Mat & Naddie's. It doesn't advertise itself as a veg-friendly place, and even the menu doesn't mark any dishes as such, but trust me: they have both vegan and vegetarian appetizers and entrees.
My wife was only so-so about her vegan dishes. She thought they were OK, but not filling (granted, she opted for a plain salad instead of the intriguing banana curry appetizer; her entree was shiitake mushrooms in a Thai red curry stew over rice). I, however, loved my vegetarian dishes: artichoke/garlic/sun-dried tomato cheesecake, mushroom and cheese roulade with greens, and bread pudding for dessert. Yum, yum, and yum. (Note, our waiter actually recommended the lemon ice box pie for dessert.)
If I ate here alone I'd give 5 stars for the delicious food and the friendly, attentive service. I deduct 1 star because the vegan offerings weren't up to par with the vegetarian ones. We did have excellent fresh bread to start, and the cocktails were nice too.
We ate outside, but busy Leake Avenue, on the other side of the wall, is noisy. I think we'd dine inside next time.This was my first time to this restaurant. We came  here via Open Table. Atmosphere is amazing and unique. Now let's get to the food. Soup of the day was potato and lentil...AMAZING. Next was the salad which was the bleu cheese and it was great.  The main course was the Bronzed Gulf Fish with Basil and Shrimp Risotto...AMAZING. The food was just getting better and better. Dessert was literal icing on the cake. I hadn't had Lemon Ice Box Pie in a very long time and it wasn't a disappointment. The staff was very knowledgable and friendly. I would highly recommend a visit to this wonderful dining experience.Was really surprised that I didn't like anything I ate. We went with a group and ordered most things on the menu, and I didn't enjoy one thing.  Every dish was missing something, or had a really weird flavor to it that I couldn't explain.  It was almost like a sourness. 
The service was great though, and the people are really nice there. The people I was with didn't dislike it as much as me.Great little kind of hidden place on the levee. It's really easy to miss. It encorporates one of my favorite things about NO; delish food and a restaurant made out of an hold house. 
I have never been here for dinner but the lunch buffet is kind of perfect. It's not your typical buffet. The fare is lighter and more like a tea party type of food but it's all soooo good. The soups are different all the time and every one I've had has been delish. The quiches are always great, though i wish they were served hot and not cold. Personal preference thing though. Service is always really friendly. Professional yet comfortable. this is the type of place where after a few times they would know your name. The desserts are always changing and are really great. THe bread pudding is remarkable. Mmmm. Love me some bread pudding. 
I would reccomend coming here for dinner. I happen to love this place for a light yet filling lunch but the dinner menu sounds drool worthy. Try both.Very rude service and staff seems to spend time on particular guest , that being said the food was cold and the desert was tastelessDelicious food in a very quaint location. Detail orientated kitchen makes this a wonderful food experience. However, the service leaves a lot to be desired. We arrived on time for a large graduation party. Unfortunately, an even larger graduation party was already seated. As a result, our waitress was less than attentive. In fact she was short, ungracious, and quite bothered we kept her from a larger tip because that's where she spent a majority of her time. Tip: Having a lot of visible tattoos does not automatically make a server too cool to actually serve. (I believe they use a team approach with a primary table server and then a whole service staff assistance model.) Of course, a 20% gratuity was added to our tab based on the table's tab. It felt like she knew she was getting a 20% tip regardless so acted entitled to her own brand of "service." Finally, when the check arrived with the 20% added in she had written on it, "Please feel free to leave more money." Entitled? You decide. For a big deal like graduation dinner you can do better in NOLA.I'm still here on business and got a recommendation to try Matt and Naddies, and this place turns out to be one of my top 3 places to eat in NOLA.
It's a cute little house away from downtown in converted house. (By the way, I've decided the best places in NOLA are in converted houses).
Staff, is totally friendly and very attentive, always came by to fill my water glass.
Food....totally awesome.  If I could put this place in Napa it would do amazing there.
I started with the....
Duck Confit Salad 
With bitter greens, toasted walnuts, goat cheese, dried cherries and honey truffle oil vinaigrette.  This was totally awesome and man everything was fresh and cooked prefectly.
Next I had another salad, and it was amazing, wish I ordered one more of these.
Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Scallops & Baby Greens Salad Tossed with shoestring potatoes, tomato caper basil vinaigrette, shaved Parmesan Reggiano.  One of the best scallops I've had anywhere.
Finally, I ended with the Montreal Beef Rib.  Ok, I just spent a few weeks in Nashville and had a ton of ribs.  Then I had ribs in NOLA.  This single beef rib was the best rib (dry rub no sauce), and it was DA BOMB!!!
You got to try this place for sure.  And the price is totally reasonable.I will preach M&N's excellence until the day I die. First of all, its eloquent yet artsy decor with a beautiful patio near the river makes you feel like you're actually eating at the chef's house. Secondly, what is going on in this dish? Our delightful server walked me through the various vegetarian options and despite his excellent explanations, I had to re-ask what "Wild Mushroom and Gruyere Roulade" really consisted of as I was savoring its every bite. So many unique flavors of surreal dining.I joined 3 colleagues for a Monday night dinner reservation. Previously I'd only been one time for lunch [shortly after they changed from the buffet to a meat-and-three based model (sad face)] and hadn't had the best experience that time. 
I was convinced to try Mat & Naddie's again based upon the love my friends express for it and the fact that it was going to be a free meal, booze included. Always a strong motivator. 
Service was great from start to finish. I was seated while waiting for the rest of my party. Waters were consistently refilled. Z was given a bit of ribbing for sitting in the same chair at the same table as the last time the server waited on him. 
I was feeling under the weather, so I started my meal with an (medicinal, I swear) Old Fashioned. I am of the camp that Old Fashions do NOT, under any circumstances, come with a cherry. New Orleans establishments , including M&N's, do not agree with me. Hmph! T enjoyed his Bacon-infused cocktail (Hog-something). 
Z and I ordered the soup of the day to start. The spicy tomato bisque was great, with big chunks of stewed tomato and a nice seasoning to it. T ordered the "ceviche-like" starter with tuna and other seafood bits. It was gone before I could ask to try a bite, so I guess it was pretty good. 
For mains, T and L both ordered the Wild Mushroom and Gruyere Roulade, which was served with a porcini marinara puree and truffle oil garnish. Oh, and A GIANT PILE OF CHARD DELICIOUSNESS. Z opted for the Tuscan Seafood Stew - "Cacciucco" which is a fish broth chock full of mussels, drum fish, shrimp, and fried calamari. It made me insanely jealous. 
Well, I was jealous until I bit into my perfectly crispy and juicy fried oysters that topped my Fried Oyster Salad. The rest of the salad - which I guess is important too - was made of baby greens with a green onion rémoulade and then topped with apple smoked bacon, pickled fennel and onion. Okay, I just typed that and literally my mouth filled with drool. Gross, but true.
No one had room for dessert, but I do appreciate that Andes mints came with the meal. How good are those, seriously? Love M&N's.Definitely my favorite "southern" restaurant. It's comparable to Dick & Jenny's or Dante's Kitchen or Jacques-Imo's (but I like it better than any of them) - refined southern cooking in a disarmingly casual atmosphere.  The menu is southern-based, but definitely has other influences (including French and Middle Eastern).  
One of the reasons that M & N stands out from other similar spots is because it has WAY more vegetarian options - and really interesting and good vegetarian options (i.e., not just the boring steamed vegetable plate that Dick & Jenny's offers, or the side of grits and beans (definitely w/bacon in them) that was the best Jacques-Imo's could do).  And in case you're worried it is too vegetarian-friendly, no fear - the two meat-eaters with me raved about their crawfish and shrimp entrees.  
The service is also really friendly (if not particularly speedy) - our server answered lots of questions from my out of town guests, and they did not pressure us at all to leave their lovely patio, even though we were the last ones there at the end of the night.This was the perfect lunch spot on a hot spring afternoon. The lunch buffet was delicious! It featured fresh green salads and veggie toppings, cold cuts with delicious rolls, housemade butter, and spreads, fried chicken, macaroni and cheese, and more. We sat out on the covered portion of the porch, with a ceiling fan going strong. It was perfect. I highly recommend getting one of their fresh raspberry iced teas, and to save room for their peanut butter gooey cake. YUM.Disappointed. I'm local and have been to Mat & Naddies multiple times. Usually service and food are wonderful. Yesterday, I brought a group of 10 who were visiting for a conference for a 9:30 reservation. When we arrived at 9.40, we were informed that the kitchen was closed.
I was told that they called me, but I had no missed call or voicemail. While they did call Restaurant One for us, they were generally unapologetic and short. 
Disappointed that this is the type of service there.The food was good overall, initial courses were hit and miss - the risotto that came with the 3-course meal was cooked fine (a bit al dente but that's good with me) but underseasoned and not even great once it was salted.  My fried oyster salad on the other hand was phenomenal - some of the best fried oysters i've had in NOLA on top of a nice salad with buttermilk dressing at the bottom.  1 was average at best, 1 really good on the appetizers.
In terms of the main courses, my fiancee had the Tuscan Seafood Stew which had tons of seafood (drum, calamari, mussels, and shrimp) sitting in a little bit of broth and was not my style due to the anise flavor but she loved it and honestly the portion was huge (although it was virtually all protein).  I had the Gulf Shrimp Tonkatsu which I expected to have an Asian flair due to the name as well as the accompanying bok choy and jasmine rice according to the menu.  It turns out there wasn't much Asian flavor - nor was there much rice or bok choy, the main components in the center of the dish were bell peppers along with a TINY portion of rice on the bottom and some finely diced pieces of bok choy on the top.  The shrimp were large and well grilled with a nice char, the sauce was nicely spicy and tasted great - I just wish I had some rice that would have been great to soak up and enjoy the sauce as well as more bok choy given that it was prominently listed on the menu description.  Overall, the Gulf Shrimp Tonkatsu was a solid dish that I would get again but a little different than expected.
For dessert the 3-course tasting menu had a chestnut flour crepe with currants and bitter chocolate - honestly we were so stuffed that we asked for that in a to-go box and it was very sad looking when we got home 10 minutes later.  For me the flavors were okay but not great - however the crepe did become much better with some rich homemade vanilla ice cream that we had back at the house.  Then again, I could eat that ice cream with anything and it would taste good.
Overall, Mat & Naddie's is a cute little space - exactly the kind of small, welcoming environment we love in NOLA when you get outside the Quarter.  Service was fine - other than a really long wait between our appetizer and entree courses - and the wine list had some nice options both by the glass and the bottle.  Price was fairly reasonable and we ended up paying $100 plus tax & tip for 5 total courses of food and 3 glasses of wine between us.  Based on our first visit we would return, likely without doing the 3 course menu.I recently went to Mat and Naddie's on a friends recommendation.  Unfortunately, I was disappointed.  First of all, the service was sub par.  I don't factor that into rating, but our waiter was frazzled, didn't write anything down and came back a few times to ask us what we ordered.  Nothing came out incorrectly, but told us that he was admittedly stressed, as a server didn't show up for their shift that night.
The highlights of dinner were the Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Scallops & Baby Green Salad.  
Unfortunately the lowlights of the meal was the rest of what we ordered.  
I would stay away from the Artichoke, Sun-Dried Tomato and Roasted Garlic Cheesecake.  It was too thick and almost a dip that you would eat with chips.  
We ordered The Seafood Stew and Lambs as our entrees.  The Lamb entree had a thick sauce that didn't compliment the flavors of the lamb very well and the polenta fritta was not very tasteful.  My friend's seafood stew was very uninspired and contained a broth and various seafood thrown around the bowl.I love this place. The duck confit salad is magic. Dried cherries, wilted greens, goat cheese. Talk dirty to me baby. The grilled oysters? Divine.  My favorite dishes are their super-seasonal all homemade stuff - like the green onion sausage stuffed venison medallions with huckleberry reduction. I'd eat my ass in a huckleberry reduction.A wonderful spot for a romantic dinner. They provide several off-menu vegan options, in addition to the incredible mushroom entree on the menu. I recommend sitting outside on the lovely patio, and I definitely recommend the wine and cocktails (the gin gimlet was incredible).Their lunch buffet was an outstanding value at $10.  They offered salad with an excellent blue cheese dressing, fresh roma tomatoes, and the shrimp bisque was very tasty.  
I went on a Monday, so the red beans and rice was their hot plate (of course) with BBQ chicken and corn on the cob.
There were deli meats, shrimp, chicken, and tuna salads, and a quiche.  
Everything I tried was great.
The desserts were also unique and tasty.  I ordered the white chocolate bread pudding, which seemed like a patty of bread pudding deep fried and then covered with caramel sauce.  It was original and delicious.
The service was polite and quick, and the restaurant (and surrounding neighborhood) itself was clean.  
I'll definitely be back to try their dinner.