This is a great new spot with really creative food at an affordable price!
I ordered the mussels in an amber ale and stilton sauce (wow!). The sauce came with plenty of shallots and garlic for flavor, and the mussels were served with crusty bread for dipping. All for $9, a price I will happily pay for something I would never make at home. I also ordered the house greens on the side ($3), which were cooked and seasoned well with a vinegary taste and pork hock. My boyfriend said they tasted like the greens he used to eat in North Carolina.
The deliciousness of the mussels tied with the sweet potato croquettes ($7). They were so amazingly crispy on the outside and soft and buttery on the inside. The pairing of a salted plum jam was SO delicious and inspired. Even my boyfriend liked it and he usually hates jams and jellies.
The only item that didn't impress us as much was the pork and bacon terrine ($9). I thought it had a good flavor, similar to andouille. In the restaurant's defense, it may just be that I don't care for terrine. I liked it a lot more than the texture of pate (more similar to sausage), but wasn't a big fan of the cold chewiness. My boyfriend who is a big charcuterie nerd liked it less than I did. But if you are a terrine fan in general, you would probably enjoy it.
Bonus points for our friendly and accommodating server. Since the menu has the "small plates" thing going on, he helped us decide what to eat as entrees and what to eat as an appetizer. I found his input to be very helpful.Brooklyn of New Orleans? SIghhhh. As someone who lives in Brooklyn I always cringe at these kind of cliches. Then again, youre not far off. We do have the best chefs and restaurants here, so thanks for the compliment? 
Alas, Maurepas was very good, but atmosphere is closer to what New Orleans "thinks" Brooklyn culture is. Food however was really good with one exception. First, that chicken leg and grits. Oh my lord. My sister and I shared it and were practically racing to eat faster, i.e. more than the other. Pork shoulder was ok, but a pretty small portion, as was the gulf fish. It was good, yes, but that was one tiny filet. About 5 bites. Not that I prefer the gigantic proportions of the south, but I was disappointed in how meager it was.
Cocktails were really good but I wish the server was a bit more knowledgable. Asked her for suggestions on something sweet and she said 'last two on the menu,' neither of which appealed to me. Instead I asked her to have the bartender make me a champagne cocktail of his choice which ended up being great. However when my brothers whiskey drink from the menu came, it was CRAZY sweet, but really delicious. Why didn't she recommend that one? 
Desserts were amazing, especially that oatmeal chocolate pie, which was very reminiscent of dark chocolate mousse. Coconut ecclairs were surprisingly light and airy. If I lived here I would definitely be back to try everything on the menu!I love you, Maurepas, so much so that I find myself visiting you nearly every weekend to recuperate from long nights out by eating your delicious sausage sandwich. Perhaps it isn't fair for me to give this place such a high rating since I have only ever eaten the sausage sandwich the many times I have come here, but it is just so good! And so affordable! In fact, all the food is affordable, and according to my friends who have eaten other items off the menu (particularly the goat tacos), all of the food is so good! 
In addition to weekend afternoons, Maurepas is also a great place to visit weeknights. It makes for a chill place to go on a date. It's got the vibe of a trendy NYC Lower East Side night spot but with a NOLA twist. The place is small enough that you feel cozy and comfortable but big enough that you can carry private conversations. I'm not sure what a previous reviewer was talking about regarding the noise level, as I've been in here when it's super packed and could still hear myself and my friends speak without difficulty. 
Also-- the staff! Could there be nicer staff? They really do take care of you, and they're just lovely people to talk to when they're not too busy.
Maurepas definitely ranks high on my list of favorite NOLA eateries, and might actually earn a place at the top...I'm taking off a point for inconsistency because some days the food is the best I've ever had and others it's still delicious but needs a little bit more. I promise to eat another item off the menu in the future and update my review. Until then, go to Maurepas and eat the sausage sandwich!I should have waited until they were open a month to go.  The flaws that I found will probably be ironed out by then and perhaps I will go back later and update my review.  
We started out with specialty cocktails that were pretty good but a little on the sweet side.  I got the jackass one with bourbon and my friend got the japanese one with pear vodka and lychee.  Hers was good but mine was very sweet.  
For food we got the pickles, oysters and mussels to start.  The pickles were way too salty and not nearly enough vinegar.  The oysters were room temperature which kind of freaked me out because I was expecting them to be cold and the mussels were delicious!!  The broth was perfectly seasoned and had me wanting more bread to mop up the broth!  
For a second course we got the chicken and veggie gratin,  The chicken was delicious (though a little salty) and the veggie gratin was so-so.  It was little too overcooked, but I think it had a lot of potential to be awesome if it were a little more al dente.  
The service was great, and the atmosphere was just as a restaurant should be; lively but not loud, bustling but not packed.  
I will definitely go back for drinks soon but might give them a little longer to iron out the food.First off, great location and beautiful space. The Bywater needs a place like this. The service was spot on and very friendly.
Onto the menu...the small plates selections are very thought out and well rounded. The cheese plate and pickle plates are new.
We started with two cocktails. We ordered gin and juice, expecting to get orange juice. However what we got was gin and fresh strawberry and homemade sours mix. A very tasty and pleasant surprise. Not sure if it was an accident or intention, but we weren't about to send them back.
Up second came our cheese plate. It was divine. Excellent selections, but I thought it could have used a bit of meat as well. The fig jam was crazy good. We scarfed down the little bits of cheese just in time for our main plates to arrive.
I went with the goat tacos and my girlfriend ordered the oysters on the half shell. The oysters came with a mustard green vinaigrette wich neither one of us really cared for. Unfortunately, it came directly on the oysters and not on the side. I am a traditionalist when it comes to oysters, and there wasn't horseradish or a bottle or Crystal anywhere to be seen. A couple of the oysters had bits of shell in them too. But the oysters themselves were very big and fresh.
As for my tacos, the goat was a little bit too overcooked and dry. The condiments that came with it were excellent though. A bit of diced, well pickled greed tomatoes and a spicy cilantro sauce gave it a nice balance of flavor. I did however also get a small bit of bone in of my tacos.
So for the most part, we enjoyed the experience. There were some flaws, things that will get ironed out soon enough, I'm willing to wager. It's only been open for a couple of weeks, and there are always a few kinks when a new place opens. We will go back soon!I went in with high expectations and they were exceeded! My hats off to both chef and bartender responsible for my food and drinks! Well done!I want to love this place but have been disappointed 3 times. 
Cocktails sound delicious but are inconsistent and poorly executed... All three of the cocktails we ordered were off... (must be dependent on which bartender is working)
Apparently Lamb dishes are fried (though it doesn't specify on the menu) 
You could have a worse meal in New Orleans... but if I could do my Saturday night over I would have brought my friends else where.Good food at good prices.  Trendy though. Fancied up comfort food. Everything is bacon.  Bacon cocktails...  Wine expensive.  Fantastic renovation.  But it is so loud in there you can barely hear the person across from you.  Live close but don't plan on going often.
Update.  Went back with friends from another neighborhood that wanted to try it.  It was okay. They were confused by the menu.  Disappointed in the food.  Some great, some not.  The mussels and soba were a let down.  Other items were good.   And please, do something about the noise.  We went early to avoid the crowd and related noise, but the staff had really loud music playing.Hmmm... so the cocktails we had were really good, the food was not. 
Look, I understand that this the basis of the restaurant is super local-vore, organic, fancy-but-dressed-down food. However, I grew up in south Louisiana, and I know what super fresh local food is, and its not $17 for 3 oz of fish with some diced watermelon under it. Its not $10 for part of a sauteed eggplant. Both of which were incredibly bland.
Ill admit that I have a grudge against this kind of food: Food that is based off local foods & ingredients but re-packaged in a upscale way by hipsters, for other hipsters, while somehow not capturing a single good thing about what made the local food special in the first place. But... even if I have a grudge against that kind of "stuck up" food, if it tastes really good, Ill appreciate it & sing praises. I would be ok with paying $10 for a small plate if it was tasty and memorable. But Maurepas was not.
There are so many other places in New Orleans in the moderately-high-but-casual price range, with much better food. 
Im voting 2 stars because the cocktails were tasty & interesting, the service was friendly, and the ceviche appetizer was good. But if anyone suggests it for dinner, I would vote no.First time to Maurepas today and I must say I was damn impressed! We only had a snack and a couple cocktails at the bar: goat tacos, hot, cool, + vicious cocktail (which I hope is a reference to my favorite Kung fu movie ever) and  a mixed absinthe concoction that the drink master came up with on the fly.  I'm not usually a mixology-lover. The drinks usually clash and are too sweet or floral or too something else that costs 12 bucks but I was amazed at this guy's skills! I get it now! You're definitely more than a bar tender :)
Goat tacos were tender with lots of sauce options (2 tacos for 8).  I loved them. 
Only complaint is that the ghost pepper sauce is called 'crocodile tears'. And crocodiles don't cry (right?) but if you use a ton of ghost pepper sauce on your tacos you'd be definitely crying real tears.Really nice atmosphere. Acoustics make the place loud even if not very crowded. Cocktails were d-lish! The squash with my meal was a bit undercooked, but over all the food was well-prepared. Worth checking out!They do not take reservations, and the wait is usually long, unless you snag a spot at the bar. I sat at the bar.
The drink menu was great, and the bartenders were very knowledgeable and friendly. 
Food: I ordered the goat tacos and my date had the baked chicken. She won. The chicken was moist and seasoned well, and the greens it was served with also tickled my fancy. The goat tacos were a bit dry and needed a different topping than the offered diced apples and a cilantro pesto-ey salsa (I don't know how to describe this cilantro item). I am going to order the goat tacos next time with a side of squash and put the squash on the taco. We shall see how that works out. Another side we had was the snap beans, which were perfectly cooked and had a tasty sauce. There was also a piece of tofu served with the beans, which tasted like tofu, enough said.
All in all, I was swayed by their great drink menu.  I am excited to try more of the drinks and more of the food. I would recommend this place, because of the friendly staff and Maurepas just being a cool place to grab a bite to eat. 
I would really give this 3.5 stars, so I rounded up.so i read some of the reviews on here, and I've heard several reviews from several friends. most of my friends loved this place and most of their friends did too, however, just like on here there were a few people that had a "meh" experience with the food.  i think i may have discovered the explanation for this in that word on the street is that the menu is purposefully vague so that whomever is working that night can put their twist on the dishes. i TOTALLY agree with this theory in theory, however i think in practice it runs the risk of being inconsistent. So maybe if/ when people go back they should track the days they have great meals versus not so great and see if maybe that means they just happen to like whomever is behind the stove that day more than someone else... then again.. they requires paying attention and math and likely a  chart or something, and let's face it, not everyone is nerdy enough to do this... i might be.
i had a WONDERFUL meal.  as did my three friends with me.  After a harrowing day of listening to free music in the sun and then running over to the country club to relax in the pool and the hot tub we found ourselves starving at 9:00 pm and faced with the conundrum of where we could go to catch a good meal and not be completely under dressed in our sundresses and bathing suits and also not be those annoying customers running in at the last minute.  the only guy with us, poor thing or lucky depending, reminded us that Maurepas was right up the street and a unanimous loud and resoundingly happy yes followed from the rest of us and off we traipsed just the few blocks towards deliciousness.
it is loud. i won't lie. the surfaces are reflective, but in an extremely comfortable way, it was somehow homey and yet modern. our table didn't have a problem hearing one another, but i could see how with a packed house it might get to be too much. the lighting was great, enough to see what we were about to devour and not so harsh as to show off our sunburns and frizzy poolside hair.
the service was wonderful. our waiter was friendly and funny, insuring we had what we needed and laughing with us when we had the inevitable... ummm.. it all looks so good i don't know what i want moments...  the rest of the staff seemed to have a great outlook as well which is wonderful.
we ordered the cheese plate and drinks first.  now, we got a large cheese plate and this felt a little under on portion size, but it was damn delicious and the candied walnuts, it turns out, might be baked with crack. (seriously, even now i want them.)  our drinks were awesome. my friends all ordered the Japanese one, and i tasted it, being that i dislike all of the flavors in the drink it wasn't my cup of booze, but it was well blended and balanced and had i liked lychee or any of that it would have been killer. i went for the gent and the jackass. it was top notch. bourbon, paprika, basil, and lemon...it called to me and it was delicious.  delicious. and strong. yay!
we ordered a whole bunch of food:
me: grits (I'd been craving them for a week), grilled shrimp (came with a small bit of salad and potatoes of deliciousness and were very crisply grilled, i even overcame my fear of eating things with the eyes still on them) and the shortcake for dessert (lots of strawberries, biscuit like shortcake just how i like it)
d: orchietti (i took a bite and looked at it and said "i want to put my face in that" and restrained myself from reaching over him to spear more), goat tacos (i didn't try these but he swears they are awesome, they looked and smelled great), and pecan chocolate pie (rich, seriously, but tasty and the sweet potato ice cream ROCKED)
m: roasted beets (like candy without the sweetness), the mussels (as a woman raised on my grandmother's mussels i always look forward to them done well, and these were done so freaking well. the broth was incredible seriously delicious) and the mint ice cream sandwiches (the mint ice cream was like spearmint, i kept sneaking bites of it out of her bowl... seriously could have stuck my face in that too. want more right now)
m: strawberry salad (hello plethora of strawberries, like a farm on spring greens), and the quarter chicken leg (holy crap was that huge plate of food, with the greens and the grits and the poached egg.. it was where it's at.)
d told us after we ordered dessert that there is an option when you order the cookies and milk to get it with one of their cocktails that is bourbon and cream and some other deliciousness...and i can totally see myself doing that next time i go.  because there will be a next time.  and i will be getting the orchietti.  i will.  
and also, hello, we all basically got a 4 course meal for a little over $30.00 a piece including drinks.  normally in a place like that it would be double the cost.  umm.. yes!  
i think i may even have the ladies from the office ready to go this Thurs.  i know my taste buds are already doing the food happy dancTypical yuppie joint. $2 for a biscuit the size of an Oreo. $6 for 8 doughnut holes? Unfortunately it was the only thing open in that neighborhood. Never again.nice change of pace here.
we had the beets with wilted greens and galliano marinade
the pimenton sausage sandwich with squid romesco mustard greens aoli on foccacia bread, and then the special of the day, poutine?  lovely french fries drizzled with garlic goat cheese, and pork roast on top with gravy.
the pimenton sandwich?  was my favorite part of the meal.   completely over the top.  we shared everything, and there were so many tastebuds in my mouth happy, that we're thinking this will be a weekly lunch spot.
this was one of the best meals I've had in a long time.  the server danielle?  was on top of everything, and PJ, the bartender?  listened and served up fresh cocktails, and refreshing ones when asked.
we also had a small cheese plate for an appetizer, which started the meal off with a nice spicy fig sauce.
If you have not tried this yet?  you should.  this was a sorely needed spot for the bywater.  now if we can just find a decent breakfast spot to open all night long, we would be living grand!
and thanks vanessa...  it was lovely.I've never had food like this before. I'm a vegetarian and there were plenty of options available. I shared with a friend so we had about 4 different plates between us to try. Even the butter for the bread on the table was brilliant. In essence, the dishes were very fresh and high quality vegetables (and a duck egg), with a mouth watering array of spice and sauce added to them. I'm always a bit sceptical of ordering plates of vegetables only, but they were spun in such an inventive and tasty way that I was vindicated in my choices. 
One thing I would like to add is that I agree with another reviewer that if it says pickles on the menu, I expect pickles, not pickled vegetables! Other than that, good job.Awesome! This is a must visit restaurant. Incredibly fresh food. Unbelievable service and staff !First, thrilled for a popular new restaurant in the neighborhood, so I really want this place to be great. If I were rating on my meal alone, I'd drop down to one star, but given that my dining companions left pleased I'll give some benefit of the doubt. 
Service started out prompt and attentive, and wine was poured within a few minutes of sitting down. I enjoyed the green salad - the apples and cheddar paired well, but the peppery greens and strong cheese overpowered the mint in the dressing so it wasn't a particularly interesting salad. Not bad, just something I could get anywhere. 
One friend ordered the gulf fish, which she said was great but the portion a little too small. Another friend enjoyed the shrimp hotpot, but why on earth were the tails left on the shrimp in a bowl of soup? Makes for messy eating. 
I ordered the duck two ways, which was awful for more than two reasons. First, it was very, very tough. I could have used a steak knife to cut into it, but as our server vanished after the wine, I made do with the standard issue and hacked of bit by bit. The skin had a nice crisp to it, but the layer of fat underneath enormous and overpowering. After dissecting it down to the little actually edible meat left, I was disappointed to find it tough and flavorless. This HAD to have been an error - I've never had duck prepared this poorly, and it's usually my favorite option on any menu - but like I said, our server vanished so I couldn't ask. The layer of red bean puree and white rice under the duck was served lukewarm at best. All in all, this dish was a flop. Adding insult to injury, it sat on the table untouched for a good 20 minutes after my companions cleaned their plates while we waited for someone to come clear.
When our waiter finally resurfaced, we attempted to end on a good note with the satsuma sponge cake, which was pretty tasty but more of a pound cake than a sponge cake. The thyme complimented the satsuma well, and the ice cream was a nice touch. 
I'll likely give it a second chance given that it's in the neighborhood and friends love it, but with significantly lowered expectations.Wow! Incredibly disappointing! Not only did my waitress not know anything about the menu and had to go ask the kitchen several times about things, but then the food was insanely overpriced and pretentious. Everything tasted OK, nothing made my mouth water, but all good flavor. The specialty drinks were awesome but were a very small portion for the price. Was really excited about this place and left very disappointed.I had high hopes, but it was just meh. I have no problems with hipster joints (as other reviewers have critiqued) but this place just falls flat. I appreciate what they're trying to do, but the food just honestly wasn't that good.
Their fresh baked bread was dry, soft and boring. It definitely did not pair well with their homemade charcuterie platter/head cheese, which somehow had no flavor to it.
The goat tacos were definitely the highlight!We went on Saturday for lunch with a bunch of kids. It is a beautiful space. I had the pork shoulder with eggs. The pork and oysters were amazing. The eggs were only okay. 
My daughter enjoyed her biscuit and the hash browns. Which are more like a knish than hash browns. They were vey good. This is a good place for a relaxing brunch with friends. Not very kid friendly.1/4 chicken leg, goat tacos and greens & grits...definitely DO NOT miss those staples on the menu.  Everything else is icing on the cake.Ambience is important in a restaurant. This place needs some. Initial impression was of a cold, dark and possibly dirty room, probably due to the sour lighting and the off pinky-puke beige wall color. The lack of sound absorbing surfaces means that  you'll spend a lot of time yelling or lip reading. Unluckily for us,  the time spent not conversing with each other allowed ample time to watch the bartender and waitress as they grab each and every cocktail with their fingers cupped around the rim of the glass leaving who knows what on the place your lips go. Classy. Adding to the cacophony was the bartender as he slammed each and every used bottle into a large open trashcan making a clashing sound that never failed to startle you even though you have already been subjected to it many times previous. 
Food... I had the sweet potato soup with pimento cheese sandwich...But why  oh why don't you write that on the menu that the soup is as spicy as hades? I couldn't eat it, (the only person in our group that liked it is somebody that eats wasabi by the spoon load with no effect) and where is the other half of my damn sandwich? I hate it when restaurants give you half a sandwich..how about putting that on your pretentious menu..which avoids usage of punctuation and connecting words but loves to include obscure items just so you have to ask about them and receive a hipster eye roll. I now know what farro is. Hate vinegar? too bad because it made it's way into everything and I was burping up balsamic all through the restless night of sleep. I also had the unseasoned "romanesco" encrusted with chickpea which would have been a whole lot better if it had been romanesco and not cauliflower and the crust had been salted..and guess what..no salt or pepper on the table because I am guessing the chef believes they have seasoned everything to perfection. Big mistake ..how about putting your customers first instead of your ego? Others at the table almost enjoyed their fish although the portion was very small and not the same as the exact dish sitting opposite, the fish was placed on a balsamic hell heap of kale that defied logic. When bread was requested,  the waitress told us we could buy the cheesy bread, but they had no regular bread. I'm guessing the chef is gluten intolerant, but some sort of bread was needed with that dish.. The dessert we shared was lemon shaker pie..the point of which is that the lemons are sliced so thinly that they are a joy to eat..these were thick..and also I detect a hatred of sugar since the pie was beyond enjoyably tart. 
Staff..the waitress and hostess had a "i'm above this" attitude about them, laden with tattoos which I assume are still "alternative" and cutting edge..and dressed like they stumbled into a thrift store during a power outage...  As I observed on the way home..youth is a time when you think you are the first person to ever discover something (vinegar) or do something..(tattoos) . I think that the misplaced confidence that this restaurant exudes may bite them in the ass one day.After a couple of introductory visits to Maurepas, I count myself solidly among their (apparently many) admirers.  So far every meal I have had there has centered around the goat tacos - not for lack of other delicious sounding options, but simply because I can't seem to see them and not order.  I have experienced a bit of the consistency question mentioned in other reviews, but in my case they have ranged from "these are great" to "how is it even possible to make a taco which can only be described as transcendent?".  At its best the goat is ever so slightly crunchy and just salty enough to stand up to the cilantro harissa, which I would buy a bottle of if I could.
Moving on.  The lettuces dish is typical if a bit sparse, though paired with a perfect shaved sheep's milk cheese.  The new potatoes when they were served with lamb neck were intensely savory and the sweet potatoes distinctly sweet, though both struck an excellent balance between the two.  
The marziani was my least favorite dish - it isn't exactly fair to call a pasta dish a bit too starchy, but that was my impression, and the garnishing anchovies provided too sharp and overwhelming a counterpoint.  
As far as dessert, I keep gearing myself up to try the fascinating sounding grilled cheese, but lost my nerve on my last visit and opted for the butterscotch sundae.  It was very good, but maybe too ambitious.  I think I might have preferred just a bowl of the semifreddo with the salted caramel sauce - brilliantly executed flavors which I thought got a bit lost in the need to figure out how exactly to eat them with the huge and imposingly crusty (though admittedly quite good) accompanying pretzel without causing a scene.
I haven't explored the drink menu too fully, but I haven't needed to - the house brewed ginger beer is the best I have ever tasted, and as a Fentiman's junkie I consider that fairly high praise.Most amazing foods and unique flavor combinations! I order a punch for drink, I'm not ever sure what was in it but it was delicious! Had hints of sage in it and was so refreshing on a hot day. To eat I ordered the goat tacos, another unique flavor combination filled with geniusness.  My server was super sweet and very attentive.  And to boot, the neighborhood is cute and cool.Went back to Maurepas a few weeks ago, and once again had a pretty nice time. My only real complaint was that damn cheese plate, which is WAY too small. We got the large plate, split it between four people, and they brought out five small slices of bread. Requested more bread (they were kind enough to oblige) and got four more small slices. With four or five different types of cheese on the plate - even given the very tiny portions - how are four people supposed to use five pieces of bread about the size of a Triscuit and a half to each have a taste of each of the cheeses? The answer: it doesn't happen. It might be possible in some universe, but in our situation we gave up after the second bread supply ran out and ate the rest of the cheese with forks and knives. Not too weird if you're at home, alone, devouring a half pound of brie and watching chick flicks, but a bit weird at a dinner party with your significant other's boss. 
Luckily, after this second irritating round with the cheese plate, my nerves were suitably assuaged by the next thing to hit the table - my helping of grits. Thoughts at the time included "OMFG, are these really grits?" This was quickly followed by, "No, other diners, you can't have any, and stop asking before I get stabby." They're that good. Great, now I'm craving grits again.Jumping on the bandwagon and reviewing one of my favorite new restaurants!
I've been twice in the past month and have had wonderful experiences both times. One thing to note is that they do not take reservations so if you go at prime time, you may have to wait. We went at 8 PM on a Tuesday and while the restaurant was busy, there were still some tables available. Second time, I went at 10 PM on a Thursday, not a table to be found. Luckily there's a fantastic bar with friendly bartenders who would love for you to join them for dinner at the bar.
The menu is awesome! I definitely recommend splitting lots of things. There are small plates and larger plates. Don't be deceived, the small plates are anything but small. They include lots of great veggie dishes. My two favorites so far are the brussel sprouts cooked with bacon and the snap beans with shrimp chip crusted tofu. AMAZING. We also tried the beet dish as well -- not as much my fave, but still good! The veggies are ever-changing, so make sure to try lots of their many options.
For the larger plates we went with the mussels and the goat tacos. The mussels are hands-down some of the best mussels I have ever had the opportunity to eat. They come in a pear cider and wild mushroom broth. I've been telling everyone who will listen to eat these mussels! On to the goat tacos, maybe I just don't like goat as much as I thought I did. The meat itself wasn't anything to write home about. The little extras (sauce and pickled peppers) helped, but overall we were more impressed with our other choices.
The desserts are TO. DIE. FOR. Their pecan pie. Oh. My. God. It's perfect. It reminds of the pecan pie at Green Truck Pub in Savannah, GA (another fave place of mine). It's not too sweet, chalk full of pecans, and has a buttery crust. They top it off with a sweet potato and root beer ice cream. Yes please. We also tried the ice cream cookie sandwiches which consisted a light, shortbread-esque cookie with mint chocolate chip ice cream in the middle. 
Overall, an excellent experience with inventive and delicious dishes. And the most important thing about Maurepas is the value! The dishes are completely inexpensive and portions are very large. I mean a giant bowl of mussels for $9? It's a complete steal.
Enjoy this very popular gem of a spot in the Bywater!My first dining experience at Maurepas was for the Yelp Supper Club.  The previous review and the surprise five course meal did not disappoint.  The food was amazing!  
The dishes are artfully crafted by combining local ingredients with exotic and unusual flavors.  As I read the descriptions for the cocktail list, it resembled the ingredient list for an episode of "Chopped".  The cocktails were wonderful.  I had the Tromaville, which looked like liquefied wheat grass, I was pleasantly surprised - and infatuated, with how refreshing it was.  It was citrusy, but sweet.  The color didn't match the flavor, but it was meant to resemble the swamp, hence the name Tromaville.  You learn something new everyday!  I highly recommend it.  My sister had the Sailor's Breakfast; if you're a fan of Bloody Marys, this is the drink for you as it is a bit of lighter, yet equally spicy delight!
The food.  Where to begin?  We started with a tomato salad, similar to an heirloom tomato salad, but much better.  Not sure if it was the dressing or the variety of tomatoes, but it was the perfect start to our dinner.  Next was fried eggplant with spring mix.  Wonderful!  The eggplant was lightly breaded with some seasoning, but wasn't greasy; more toasted than fried would describe the texture and the spring mix lightened up the rich flavor.  On to the next course:  grilled fish with cheese and watermelon - the menu would describe this as a torrid love affair, but you have to settle for what my brain and my palate remember from this dinner.  Sorry.  This sounds like a weird combination, I know, but, you guessed it, it worked perfectly.  It's a little bit of eclectic food, but it's not crazy weird, where your dish comes and you realize that you ordered monkey brains, so give it a chance.  It's more the type of place where you think, cheese, check; fish, check; watermelon, check.  Yep, I like all these things and while I wouldn't think to put them together, I am going to put them together in my mouth.  Viola, like fireworks in the sky, magic!  It's a present in your mouth.  Next, in the meal that would never end, was the steak seasoned duck sliders.  This was my favorite part of the meal.  Imagine the texture of pulled pork, with the flavor of rich, non-gamey duck on a sweet roll - like the King's Hawaiian brand.  This was what I was waiting for...this made my smoothie at lunch worth it!  If you have a chance to order it, please do.  You can thank me with some yellow roses or a surprise order of this wonderfully delicious treasure.  I can't wait to go back and order some!!  Lastly, we had a cherry chocolate float.  Very good and not as heavy as a root beer float, as it had a small scoop of ice cream.  It was tasty, but by the time it arrived, I was ready for a nap.
This was my first trip to Maurepas, but definitely not my last.  Things to note:  the atmosphere won't let you forget that you are in the Bywater area, as this place embraces the neighborhood and shows off the unique style of this part of the city.  Love that!  It can be kind of noisy when crowded, so you will find yourself leaning in alot to enjoy a conversation.  Easy to find with ample parking on the street; it's great for people watching and enjoying an exquisite meal with good people.  It's a definite must!I ALWAYS take my out of town guest here. No matter what is in season at the moment, they make the simplest sounding foods mind-blowing. Love that the menu is always new. They make the best cocktails in the neighborhood without a doubt... and I am picky! Everytime I go to a new place, I measure up against this center of excellence. It's on high rotation in a place where we have a plethora of divine food choices, and I've yet to get tired or bored with anything.Some good flavors, but the prices are excessive for the quality of service.
I had:
$7 Stone Ruination IPA
$8 Lettuce with honey and "fennel pressed goat cheese"
$3 Grits
$8 Peaches and Peppers (maybe $7?)
The location is nice, and the host and bar staff were friendly and prompt.
The $3 grits were GREAT.
The $8 peaches and peppers were a different sort of flavor, and I was happy to have had them, even though the peaches were under-ripe and toothy.  OKAY.
The $8 Lettuce salad was a loose pile of what looked like grocery store spring mix, with a tablespoon lump of goat cheese with a sprig of fennel leaf/frond/whatever sitting on top of it. I'm sure it was all organic, but whatever. It was expensive and boring. BAD DEAL.
Our waitress was inattentive, and also this happened:
When she asked whether we wanted to see the dessert menu, we hesitated for consensus, as people often do. She then made a pointed comment, "y'all have been like this all night." That's rude, even if delivered in jest with a smile. That's not how it happened though. She said it with the pointed aggression of an angry alcoholic. She then brought the check, but took 13 minutes to pick up our payment.We love Maurepas. Incredible food at very reasonable prices. There are always things on the menu that sound strange to me, but I have NEVER ordered anything there that I didn't LOVE. They have fun and different cocktails as well. All of the food is so incredibly fresh and they source nearly everything locally.
My only complaint about Maurepas is the noise. It is SO freakin' loud you can't hear your table mates talking. 
I don't care though, we'll be back again and again. The food and service are unparalleled.My bridesmaids and I were super excited for dinner here on our first night in town and while I wish it hadn't been so freezing cold inside and that there had been a bigger crowd -- I'm all for no wait, but sitting in a basically empty restaurant wasn't what I was looking for either -- I think we were mostly happy with our experience.
They have a really cool cocktail menu that's perfect for a fun girls dinner and the cheese plate we all shared was delicious.  I will say, the menu is kind of confusing and we had to ask what the top "Vegetables, Starch & Grain" section was all about, but everyone was impressed with their dishes.  I loved my grits -- I hate disappointing grits so these were a pleasant surprise -- and could totally have JUST ordered that and been happy.
Overall, it was an okay experience but definitely not the highlight of our trip.This restaurant was the highlight of our Nola dining. The atmosphere is classy without being uncomfortable, and the food is creative and delicious. If you want something off the beaten path figuratively and literally give this a shot,  you won't be disappointed.Love Maurepas! How refreshing to have a restaurant in that neighborhood that's just the right amount of hip without being pretentious and too Bywater. The chicken quarter is to die for, and the drinks are amazing. The service is great and attentive too. Only suggestion is that the goat tacos should be listed as an appetizer and not an entree, as it only comes with two and not that filling. Otherwise, no complaints!My one star is for the service...I just didn't feel welcome at all.  The waitress acted like she didn't want to help us...but not for the sake of not liking her job.  She barely wanted to read the specials but was way more welcoming to others around us.  I don't want to pull the race card but honestly that's what I felt like the disconnect was from.  Tried the cheese plate (with jam) and some Chardonnay.  The cheese plate was very good and the decor of the building was very nice but based on the service, I won't be going back ever.I had heard from a lot of people how good Maurepas is and I was told I had to try it. The person with whom I had dinner had been raving about it. Sadly, I was left disappointed.
Stopped in here on a weeknight, there was no crowd at all and we were seated immediately. Looking over the menu, there isn't a lot of selection, but I'm okay with that as long as a place does the few items they have on the menu well.
I started with the stone ground grits which were excellent. They were creamy and had a lot of flavor and if I were to return, this is what I would get. For my entree, I decided on the fish. It wasn't the gulf fish that was on the menu, but it was another fish special which was lightly fried and served with a cole slaw type mix. I was pretty disappointed with it. The fish was pretty dry and didn't have a whole lot of flavor and the cole slaw salad mix was pretty flavorless. Considering the fish was about $17, I would say that it wasn't worth the money at all.
After dinner we ordered coffee, and the cream that came with it had curdled. They quickly rectified this issue, but come on- we just paid a good bit of money for dinner, you should know if the cream had curdled or not.
I would go back, but I would probably get the grits and another appetizer and make that my meal. I wouldn't order a full on entree again, although I hear that the chicken leg quarter is good. The staff was super friendly and accommodating.I was looking forward to my brunch gathering at this restaurant; I was disappointed on a few levels and encouraged a few. My food was not great; over seasoned, hash browns burnt and underwhelming, the chorizo was not spicy, but tasted like a container of Morton's Salt. I would return only because of their manager,who I believe has a vision for this place that hasn't been realized yet. So,I'm giving it 2.75 stars and waiting for greater clarity.I would go back to this place just for the fresh orange juice mimosas. GIMME ALL THE ALCOHOL BEFORE 11 AM. But seriously, these are dangerously good.
The veggie options are kinda slim (I got the potato tacos, which were deeeeelish), but it's a fun atmosphere with an interesting menu. We ordered a plate of the mixed donut holes and I think I blacked out. When I came to, they were gone.
It's a bit fancier (re: more expensive) than my normal brunch haunts, but we had a great time and left full and just the right amount drunk for a Sunday morning.Extremely overpriced.  And I'm not sure why it's called Maurepas.  This is NOT a place for Louisianians.  It's a place for hipster transplants.
I went with a friend for lunch and our bill was $75 with NO drinks.  We had water along with a salad, a squash side dish,and  "pickles" that we split, Gulf fish for me, soft-shell crab for her, and a dessert each - Vietnamese coffee ice cream for her & zucchini bread with poached peaches for me.
Let's talk about the "pickles" first.  The menu offers house-made "pickles." We both love pickles so were excited to order some good house-made pickles - like you'd get at a good deli.  What we got, instead, was a plate of "edamame", potatoes?, and peppers of some sort.  The menu didn't say "pickle platter" or "pickled items" or anything like that.  It said "pickles."  "Pickles" suggests traditional pickles a.k.a. pickled cucumbers.  That was what we expected but we got something neither of us was really interested in eating.  I hate pickled peppers so I didn't even try them.  The (I think they were) potatoes were okay and I don't even begin to understand how you "pickle" edamame.  Never mind that it's not edamame if it's shelled and pickled - it's just soybeans then.  But soybeans don't soak up liquids very well, so it was just soybeans that tasted vaguely of vinegar.  House-made pickles - real pickles - are fantastic and we were both really looking forward to that.  The waitress listened to us talk about that and never bothered to mention that this was a plate of pickled things and not real pickles.  Lame.
The menu itself is trying too hard.  There was at least one ingredient in every dish that I'd either never heard of (and I'm a very adventurous frequent dining-out type of person) or sounded like it wouldn't go with the rest of the dish at all.  We thought we'd be pleasantly surprised by the chef's creativity with these incongruous-seeming ingredients.  We were not.  Nothing we ordered was worth the price.  Nothing was horrible, but the only thing worth trying again was the salad which consisted of some greens and goat cheese with a nice honey dressing.  Everything else was completely forgettable.
Our waitress was rude in that disaffected hipster way.  When we got the dessert menu, we weren't sure from the descriptions how some of the dishes would be constructed or even what they contained, in some cases.  When we asked her for a more-detailed explanation of some of the items because we were confused about some of the descriptions, she coldly and snidely told us, "I'm confused as to what you're confused about.  It's all very self-explanatory." and seemed annoyed that she had to talk to us.  She also took forever to serve us and ignored our table for most of the meal, despite the restaurant being nearly empty.
The place is comfortable, clean, and nicely-decorated but that and the salad weren't enough to compensate for everything else.
Overall, we felt that we weren't cool enough (or rich enough) to be in there or to eat their wannabe hip & edgy food.  I should point out that we're not straight-laced suburban soccer moms or anything even close,but we were treated as if we weren't hip or "unique" enough to be there.  I will not be going back.  I'm sorry we wasted money on it this trip.  I'm torn between giving it one or two stars, but the salad was good so I went with two stars although I'm VERY tempted to knock it down to one due to everything else.Hadn't been to Maurepas for a while and decided to go around 10pm after seeing a show nearby (I love that they're open till midnight!). Figured I get the grits and greens (which I love as a combo) and maybe one other dish.
Well, the greens (with their fabulous seasonings, yummy bits of ham, and potatoes which were so tasty I thought they were turnips or rhubarb or anything more exciting than potatoes) and grits were as delicious as always but upon server Mark's recommendation I also got the butternut squash with its duck egg and Japanese style mayo. OMG! This is the kind of dish you go WOW! as you're eating it. The squash was melt-in-your-mouth and all the ingredients came together perfectly. What a creative recipe!
I could've stopped there but I was tempted by the fried softshell crab special. Now I'm usually comme ci comme ça when it comes to softshell crab but Mark encouraged me to try it. Another WOW! with its little gnocchi/spaetzle-like dumplings (I could've made a meal of those alone), egg yolk that was great as a dipping sauce, and the delicate popcorn shoots (little greens).that were strewn around. Plus the crab was fried perfectly not over- or underdone allowing its natural flavorfulness to come through.
AND ALL THIS CAME TO $32!!!! That's right--4 amazing plates for the cost of one entree at most other upscale restaurants. I could probably even say "less than the cost of one entree at most other upscale restaurants."
Service was the ultimate in friendly professionalness, and wait times for the dishes were perfectly reasonable.
If you're visiting NOLA do NOT miss Maurepas foods. You may have to take a cab to get to its Bywater location but it will be well worth it. I'm already looking forward to my next meal there!Honest foodie feedback:
- on the cusp of greatness
- stop the deep fry
- serve pickles not pickled vegs - or clarify the menu
- baked cauliflower and kohlrabi vs. fried would be a winner
- hot and cold preps do not work - see gulf shrimp. 
- priced as awesome place to dine - but served average - hence the empty seats 
I see potential - but has to step up beyond dropping in a deep fryer...This smart spot teeters on superb amid a just renovated Bywater corner, refreshing menu, and attentive staff.
What works: the overall ambiance and lighting, it's open and enough bright, nice touches in use of material and earthy paint pallette; the menu seemed diverse in all regards. We ordered 2 different pints of local brew, a lovely strawberry salad to start, then we each had a seafood dish - she the mussels, I their take on fish n' chips (recommended), finishing with a delicious if not amazing blood orange custard.  We got out of there for $64 all told (tip too), and we were way satisfied.  
What doesn't work: it's noisy.  No two ways about it.  All the material in this space has a flatness to it bouncing sound all over the place.  It's on par with Galatoire's in this regard.  If you don't mind noisy dining then ok, but they need to do something to lighten the acoustical load.  And the chairs are like high school AV room variety; your butt slips.  Well, *my butt slipped.  I'm eating; I don't want my butt to slip.  Lastly, there's a strange absence of wall covering: no art.  And that's ok really, except their behind the bar reach-in cooler comparatively glows like a radioactive meteor in the desert.  Turn that shit down or put something on the walls to lessen the distraction or both.
All in all, I didn't mind the wait - and there was one at 8 on a Friday, and I think Maurepas has some good times ahead of it.  Will definitely be heading back -Loved this place, Solid Cocktail Program, Goat Tacos, and affordable inventive dining. The service was great, and the servers were knowledgeable about the food they were presenting. Everything that hit the table was delicious including the cocktails. I found the prices cheap for the quality of food we received which allows you to spend more on drinks. I can't recommend this place enough.Great Atmosphere (although loud), Unique Menu, Tasty Food (moderate servings)
Overall my friend and I had a wonderful dinning experience.  The overall vibe is somewhat fancy.  The menu is extremely interesting (from goat to soft-shell crab to short rib).  Not ideal for vegetarians; all the vegetarian dishes seemed more like sides than main entrees.  I had the special (soft shell crab over cucumbers) and my friend had the short rib.  The soft shell crab was fairly small, but very tasty.  My friend's short rib was super tender in a delicious sauce.  I would definitely order both again.  The desserts we got were the grilled cheese and the butterscotch sundae.  Both were good but not great and next time I'll try something else.  For a three course dinner for two the bill came to about $65 which felt was very reasonable.Thank you for wonderful food and service after a questionable experience at another neighborhood spot. Host and server were beyond compare (when I told the host that we had to leave the last place without being waited on and that we were all very hungry, he had a cheese plate at our table within minutes). We had the pleasure of eating there twice and each time the food and drinks were super delicious. Pannecotta desert WOW!! Can't wait to visit y'all again.Stopped in at Maurepas Foods tonight with a group and was very impressed. To be honest, I wasn't expecting much, despite the other great reviews. From viewing the menu on the restaurant's FB page and seeing photos of the interior, I was expecting it to be hyped up and self-important. While some aspects of the restaurant were confounding (the menu is rather vague, prices for specials aren't listed or quoted, entrees and sides must be ordered separately yet this is never mentioned anywhere), overall I was charmed by the service and flavors of this great place. 
The interior is clean and spacious, and the service was welcoming and fast. I love that they have a big glass bottle of water on the table that gets refilled as necessary, and that there are so many great cocktails and beers to choose from on the menu. We had the cheese plate, which was overpriced yet delicious ($12 for four very thin pieces of cheese, a few pieces of good, chewy bread, some chutney, candied pecans, and a few crackers). I ordered one of the specials, drum with fried oysters and a slice of fried couscous cake served with spicy mayo. My friend got the goat tacos, and we shared bites. The drum was great, but again a very small serving for the price (3 oysters and the fish was maybe about three and a half inches square). The goat tacos were on point - amazingly delicious and at $8, right on target for price. 
For dessert we shared the special strawberry shortcake, which was nice but too dry and bread-y for me. The whipped cream was great, but I just like my strawberry shortcake a little more juicy. Next time I'm going to have to go with my original choice, the blood orange custard, and definitely try out the steamed mussels as an appetizer. Also, one of our friends advised us to try the brussel sprouts, which I didn't but wish I had - a nearby table got some and I was immediately jealous when I caught sight of them.
If the service hadn't been so great, I might have marked this down to three stars based on price and small serving sizes, but overall I was pretty happy with this place.Not great.
I've been here twice and each time either I or someone I was dining with had a pretty bad dish while everyone else enjoyed themselves. Yes, three quarters of the food is good, but "you ordered the wrong thing" doesn't fly in my book. If it's on the menu, it should be good.
The first time I went, I ordered the mussels because I love mussels. In fact, up until this point I had only had good to great mussels, but Maurepas broke my mussels winning streak. Not only was the broth on the cold side of room temperature, it tasted like dirt. These mussels were not open to interpretation; they were objectively bad. Everyone else I was with enjoyed their dishes, but I was very unsatisfied.
The next time I went, the loser was the wild mushroom soup. It was simply not good. All the other food that came out was fine or even good, but that one dish just stands out.
Anyway, I don't mean to rant. Give it a shot if you live in the area and want to check it out, but if you're just in the Bywater for a short time, there are a host of other restaurants nearby I'd try first.Into it. Solid 4 star experience. I had a quick lunch here the other day, and would go back for a more complex meal, because I honestly think it should be a 5 star place for me. I'm into this kind of concept (fresh locally-sourced veggies), ambiance, and attitude. Also, Maurepas is very vegetarian-friendly and everything is CLEARLY cooked with lots of care :) 
First of all, I love the unique sodas they offer. I had the Ponchatoula strawberry soda, which I've never had a chance to order anywhere else! It made me feel better for not making it to the strawberry festival this year. 
I first got the squashes with blueberries, shiso oil, and green peppercorn - very, very tasty, the squashes were perfectly cooked, but it was slightly too heavy on the oil. The blueberries were a great touch, because I love blueberries, but I'm not sure how well they fit in that dish. My friend got the orrechiette with haloumi and herb pistou - basically a kind of pasta/gnocchi-like dish. He would give that 5 stars. 
Then I had the strawberry salad with fennel, stilton, and herb vinaigrette; I cleaned my plate. He had the goat tacos with pickled green tomatoes and cilantro harissa, which he wasn't crazy about - he said they were just OK, a little too meat heavy, and that the meat was a bit dry. 
The prices are fantastic for the quality of the cooking, the carefully prepared palates, and the freshness of the ingredients. If you like Satsuma Cafe, you'll like Maurepas Foods! I would definitely go for dinner and get alcohol and hang out for longer - put this on your stop if you're in the Marigny/Bywater area.What a fantastic restaurant. They took care of my husband's and my sometimes annoying dietary issues. The food was incredible as was the service. You really cannot go wrong here. Go and get you some good food!It has been open for 2 years and no clue why I just had it.  Could be the best in the city.  Cool neighborhood, great staff.  Food is very very original and all of it is amazing.  Prices are shockingly good.  Cocktails are very original and very very very good.  Desserts were all great too.  I will definitely be going back several times.For such a small menu I was really expecting something exceptional. The large cheese plate my friends and I got was good, but my quarter chicken entree was waaaaaay too salty. Grits were good but the collards were also too greasy and salty. The chicken skin was barely golden and slathered in some sort of super salty sauce. Nice ambiance but no many people were there for a Friday night. Cocktails were good. Good okra and good eggplant.first time here. had a great lunch. server was very nice and did a good job of explaining the dishes. I had the chicken, very tender, a teensy salty for my taste, the grits and sauce were great. my husband had the grilled fish with a watermelon salad that was very good as well. come and eat here. you will like it!Our stay in the Bywater was highlighted by many trips to Maurepas! Not only was the food incredibly fresh, hot, and delicious, it was served with overwhelming friendliness and professionalism. 
Lance made us the best hot toddies either of us has ever had-- and we used to be bartenders!
You cannot leave without trying the grits. Trust me.A nice addition to the Bywater. Wine and drinks are very good. The food is very good to great. Fresh, local ingredients- although some times there are too many ingredients. A nice atmosphere but it can get crowded. The pasta dishes really shine. Egg and mushroom papparadelle and anchovy pasta were both mid blowingly good. Service is kind and quick. Also a nice place for a late night cocktail.I went here for a dinner with 10 of my guy friends as part of celebrating my bachelor party. We went inshore fishing earlier that day and I coordinated with the restaurant beforehand. We brought our filleted fish to the restaurant and they prepared us an incredible meal to remember. They kept bringing out course after course of dishes based on the fresh fish we had caught earlier that day. The best part was that each course was unique. The first was fresh handmade tacos with really interesting garnishes. The second was steamed fish wrapped in fig leaves. Then came the highlight: sauteed fillets of fish over some of the best grits I've ever tasted. We finished it off with a course of grilled fish accompanied by house made pickles, kimchi, pickled onions, and lots of other fresh garnishes and house made sauces for making fish sandwiches. Each course came with veggies also. We all left incredibly satisfied and stuffed. And the price was way more than fair. The service was spot on, the cocktail and beer list is great, and the ambiance of the place works great for a group like ours. I would highly recommend this restaurant, especially to a group who wants to have their inshore fishing trip catch prepared.Great menu and great service. We came with a large group (15) on a Saturday and were easily accommodated for brunch. The staff was extremely friendly in setting it up. The brunch menu and the drinks really impressed us. Ordered the shrimp and kim chi grits and was pleased.Great food and inventive cocktails fun atmosphere reasonable prices.  
I recently went in a group of 5 and everyone was very pleased with the quality of the food and the drinks (especially given the prices - nothing over 10 dollars).   The goat tacos with pickled green tomatoes and cilantro harrisa was quite good but the real star of the table was the green onion sausage with arancini (fried rice balls filled with cheese and scented with orange zest) on top of a spicy and sweet fig sauce.  The standout vegetables we had were the grilled eggplant slices with farro preserved lemon and basil.  
Everything Maurepas Foods serves is very simple but with an attention to quality and a little unexpected flavor twist.   The only real letdown were the relatively straightforward greens with ham and potatoes but at 3 dollars its hard to get upset about that.
All the cocktails we had were well balanced with interesting flavors.  The Omergerd (a spice and fruit laden take on a boilermaker with ale and whisky)  the Gent and the Jackass (a kind of whisky sour spiced up with paprika and basil and peach bitters) and the El Guapo (a tequila grapefruit and Aperol thing with cava) were all worth trying.
No, its not "New Orleans food" exactly but it is very good, hearty food done with an a knowledge of local ingredients so it feels like it fits right in to me.  I definitely plan on going back.*Disclaimer: this review is directed more towards out-of-towners such as myself*, though, short version: everyone should eat here.
Oh, New Orleans, how I've missed you, and how you've changed. And embracing change is good, its what makes this city both vibrant and relaxed, both nostalgic and authentic. When I last lived here, in 2001, the culinary trend of go-local-mania (that has since over-taken my current home state, Vermont), seemed only natural in a state with such a diverse array of produce and ingredients, but it wasn't the green-washed brand that it has become. I wasn't even a foodie back then, but I could tell you when it was Ponchatoula strawberry time, crawfish season, and creole tomato time.
        What Maurepas represents, to me, is that New Orleans has now entered the "gastro/enviromentally conscious new age", but there is one major acception. The food is still New Orleans food, and the quality matters. You won't be taken on any trendy, haphazard adventures in "fusion", or on that noble quest for authenticity(tm), as us northerners seem to be hellbent on. Maybe because most of our cultural heritage is either very insular or completely diluted? Who knows. I suggest that you and your posh Brooklyn chums discuss this over gin-lime-tarragon-chai-extra virgin olive oil cocktails, while Bad Religion and the Dead Kennedys play at conversation-friendly levels in the back ground. But do try one of the many amazing cocktails, which I downed in utter delight while devouring the wonderful cheese plate (which came with spicy candied pecans and fresh pepper jelly--yes, its so good to be back).  You are in New Orleans, home of the g'dang cocktail, and these cocktails are reason enough to check this spot out. And these are $7 cocktails, and I wouldn't think twice about paying for them...had I been allowed to, had Miss Lori T. not been the incorrigibly generous hostess that she is. 
        Okay, so you'll have sweet potato tempura, but it will be damn good. While Maurepas may find inspiration from beyond its hometown, the produce still consists of (mostly) seasonal, local items, and the philosophy is undeniably local. Another example was the sausage and squid sandwhich with romesco sauce; which tasted like someone had taken my favorite Spanish tapas--all of them--and slapped them on ciabatta. Something like this would verge on sacrilige in the refined yet often stale environs of Europe, but, again, this is New Orleans; the fine art of over-indulgence is what we do. The flavors mingled perfectly, and the light salad of fresh greens under my sammich didn't distract a bit, almost like a palette cleanser for the rich flavors of chorizo, squid, and the pureed pepper/almond sauce that was like a Spanish remoulade. Maurepas gets it right. But again, what really, really wows here are the regional things, when taken to that next level. Local, stone ground grits? THE BEST. These are the best grits (and many locals can attest) that I have ever had. Get them, regardless of what you're already chowing on. They're $3. And that is the other beautiful thing. While many might complain that the portions aren't big enough to turn you into a texan, the price is more than right. I didn't see anything over $12. This level of care, enthusiasm and quality for this price, in a more arrogant city? Forget it. The culinary students' (stillborn) brainchildren that pass for "exciting fare" in Burlington, Vermont have nothing on this place, yet would probably charge double this price for the grits alone. 
        WHAT?? How did I forget the deserts?? Because if there is a more painful reminder that I am not in New Orleans anymore, its thinking about deserts. The next level of indulgence in the Crescent City. The icing on your coronary cake, the epitaph for your gastronomic petit mort. Alright, enough of that. Well, I decided to go "light", and opt for our excellent server's recommendation: a blood orange custard, topped with a creamy, rich meringue, bits of candied blood orange, and a butter cookie. I wanted to see if there is something here that my gluten-senstive girlfriend could eat when I drag her back to this city. Take the butter cookie out and your mind will still be blown. It was an amazing play between creamy, sweet and sour, so intriguingly well executed, that I still want to cry when thinking about it. I was close to 5 stars here. I'm not sure I've ever had a 5-star experience, but this is certainly teetering on that.We got some late night tapas after Krewe de Vieux. It was a good choice. Good value, good service, good food and great drink.
Our friend J needed to pick up some late night liquid courage, in the hopes he'd get lucky later that night. He got the chameleon, which was frankly delicious. In hindsight I wish the Biff and I didn't have to wake up at 4am to catch our flight. But alas! 
OUR MENU: 
Pimenton sausage sandwich- Nice and savory, but definitely a tapas item.
Market greens/Crowder peas- Veggie options to cleanse the palate.
Mussels- A deep bowl full of delicious bivalves. Well done with unlimited bread to sop up that sauce. 
Goat tacos- 3 of em, perfect for out group. The harissa is key and so so flavorful. I also greatly enjoyed the tomatoes on the side.
Sweet potato croquetas- Pretty delicious.Delicious? Understatement. Satisfying? Not even close to hitting it. I can not stress this enough. If you live in the Bywater come once a week. If you don't live in the Neighborhood come at least once a month. If your visiting, make this one of your food stop destinations. Not only was the sever extremely pleasant, attentive and knowledge (I let him pick my cocktails for me), the food & drink spoke wonders. Creative dishes, that change weekly by the 
way, with glorious nightly specials that you can actually taste the freshness in the locally sourced ingredients. Why not spring for a pickle plate too!?Goat was very upset to discover they serve goat tacos here!  Goat was happy they have some good Vegan style veggies for a very hungry Goat after he went drinking at Kermit Ruffins and BBQ Swingers show.  Vegetables were very expensive here and very small amount of vegetable for such a large price.  Service people seemed very nice but sometimes a bit slow getting Goat more vodka and Goat needs his vodka when he is ready to have fun.  Other than scary goat tacos the Goat thinks this place can make some good food but they should be more fair with vegetable prices.Came here last week. What a treat! Completely off the beaten tourist path in New Orleans' suburb of Bywater. Don't be put off by the seemingly unsalubrious location; it's a hidden gem. It's a clean, simple wooden table and white tablecloth affair. We had been advised to arrive early, and were seated without any problems at about half past 6. Within 30 minutes, the bar was full of waiting diners.The menu is unconventional; in that it is not split into normal starters and mains. Instead you have half devoted to vegetable dishes, and the balance to meat. Some meals are larger than others. The idea is that you choose a couple each, or a few to share. We had the tiny duck sandwiches (particularly good with the beetroot salad) & the sausages which came with the best arancini I have ever tasted. The grilled fish was sadly lacking in any flavour.You can also opt for a cheese plate as an appetiser, which is a lovely idea and did not disappoint. We selected the ice cream and pretzel for pudding. I was perplexed at being given a steak knife; but this is the only way to eat the pretzel. I was not a fan of this dish. I can't leave this review without mentioning the cocktails. Not only do they devise their own, unique ones, but they are actually very good. The atmosphere is convivial, with both customers and staff clearly enjoying themselves. You have got to come to this place!I am obsessed with Maurepas. Their menu is always changing and is so interesting. The staff is incredibly friendly and their drinks are to die for!! Many complain about the price, but for the quality of the food/drinks it is well priced. I come here way too much.Eating in the Bywater's new Maurepas Foods is a bit like visiting a hipster farmhouse. All of the offerings are simple, but excellently prepared from locally sourced ingredients. 
The goat tacos were the most popular dish the night that we visited and they are excellent. The meat is light and flavorful. You get three tacos for $9 and they are served with two salsa garnishes. 
I also had the opportunity to try the chicken leg and the squash side dish. The chicken is served with a side of grits with an over-easy egg on top and a helping of mustard greens. 
I particularly liked the cocktails list. Many of their signature drinks are variations on more famous classic cocktails. For example, the "Ian Fleming" is a take-off on the Vesper (Bond's martini first described in the novel Casino Royale) minus the gin with a few other ingredients added. The "Corn and Oil" (rum and falernum) is a stripped down Zombie while "The Last Word" is an Aviation with Chartreuse. Cocktail enthusiasts might be either delighted or annoyed by the fact that the drinks are all identifiable variations on classics, depending on the imbibers perspective. I thought they were clever and well-made. I particularly enjoyed the "Corn and Oil," since drinks with real, home-made falernum are very rare. While their drinks are not as good as those at Cure or Bar Tonique, at around $7 each they are a lot of fun and a great value.
The bang for your buck at Maurepas Foods is extremely high. No entree is over $16 and there are a number of dishes that are less than $10. Because of this, the wait can be very long to get in. Our table of five was seated about thirty minutes after we arrived. They do not take reservations. 
The clientele is appropriately young and hipster, given the price and the restaurant's Bywater location. With the low lighting and trendy music, it could be mistaken for a restaurant on New York City's Lower East Side. 
Service could be improved at the restaurant. The kitchen forgot to bring us one of our vegetable side dishes and it took them a long time to remember to bring us the bill. These hiccups will probably improve as time goes on.
Maurepas Foods offers simple, fresh food and creative cocktails at excellent prices. Its well worth the trip to the Bywater.I just want to click "5 stars" over and over and over again for Maurepas.  I've been no fewer than five times and every time it's better.  Why do I keep putting off this review?  Because I can't put my love of this place into words.  Like whoa.This restaurant has a very "Bywater" feel. Delicious, interesting food and drinks at moderate prices in a white, hipster neighborhood.Let me start at the glorious end: Blood orange custard for dessert.  Wow, was it good.
And then there was Tangelo-lime drink.  Pimenton sausage sandwiches.  Green onion sausage from Terranova's on Esplanade.  "The best chicken dish ever."  Beets and local citrus salad.  Grapefruit soda.
My party of five ambled in on Saturday without reservations and found a breezy, comfortable Bywater space with reclaimed wood wainscotting and plenty of light (blend Boucherie, Crescent Pie and Sausage, and Satsuma Cafe and you might get something in this ballpark).  It took the server a long time to wade through the overwhelming but impressive list of locally sourced ingredients.  There were curious items, deeply local items, many made-in-house items - a good blend that left the writer with a distinctive, healthy sense of place.
And the food that arrived at our table was good.  Very good.  Everything on my plate complimented everything else - the sausage, the greens, the arancini like savory callas, the sauce.  The portion was right.  The presentation was forward-looking but not overdone.  Not a person among us failed to say something complimentary about the noteworthy taste of the food itself.  The prices were right, too.  We were recommending Maurepas - especially the blood orange custard - for the rest of the day.  
Chef Michael Doyle, in orange headband, loitered a bit to chat as we finished up, busy with orders given the incredible demand that he said characterized the first two weeks.
The walls are still a bit bare at this particular spot on Burgundy, but the tables weren't.  And I have a feeling they won't be for the foreseeable future.  I look forward to returning to see what new creation has emerged.
*I'll also note that "one-star Heather" has, interestingly, only rated one restaurant ever.  How convenient for someone who's giving such a terrible rating.  Makes one wonder.Went here for dinner last night for the first time upon the recommendation of a friend, and I think I've found my new favorite New Orleans restaurant. THIS SAYS SOMETHING. Thus, a Yelp review is necessary.
We started off with a large cheese plate and a large order of their house-made pickles. Both were delicious and generous, though I wish the cheese plate had some selections of blues. I loved the watermelon rind pickles. For my entree I got the duck salad and a side order of grits. The salad was lovely, the duck unexpectedly being smoked or salted or something. The grits were TO DIE FOR. Seriously, go for the grits. They're the smoothest, creamiest, butteriest ever. My brother got the ribs, which were delicious and huge, my dad was happy with his pork shoulder, and my step mom got the chicken. That was probably my favorite dish, actually. The chicken was tender and flavorful, but the greens were absolutely amazing with a slight sweetness. For dessert, we ordered the frozen candy bar and the pound cake, both of which were absolutely beautiful, perfect, and delicious. All the dishes were quite familiar, but had some sort of intellectual, palate-exciting twist to them that just made them superior. My dad described the style of the food here as not horizontal, fusing multiple kinds of modern cuisines, but vertical in time, bridging tradition with contemporary.
The service was friendly, nothing spectacular, but not bad either. They were nice enough to bring my little toddler brother some crayons and old menus to draw on. The ambiance of Maurepas is loud and lots of young people. I swear, everyone there was beautiful, hip, and in their 20-30s. The prices were also very reasonable. The bill for our dinner for 4 + a toddler came in under $100, and we ordered 2 large appetizers and 2 desserts (though we did not drink).
I can't wait to come back again because I know their menu constantly changes. This place really was about the food, and I love it.Completely worth the wait!
Maurepas Foods far exceeded my expectations. We visited on a busy Friday night and had to wait for over an hour. I was okay with this, because it gave me a chance to try a few of their signature cocktails. Our party consisted of my fella & my 17 year old nephew. Needless to say, we each have very different food preferences. We truly sampled as much of the menu as we could and each dish was aptly devoured.  My darling had the mussels and he dipped everything he could find in the sauce, and when he ran out of stuff to soak,  I thought for sure he was going to drink it out of the bowl. Even my nephew, who can be a bit picky, gladly ate his entree and anything else placed in front of him. Because we are gluttons, we each ordered a separate dessert. And well, they were each absolutely delicious.
Perhaps the most shocking part of the meal, was the check. I was expecting the meal to cost twice as much as it did. Excellent! This just means I can eat there twice as often.
Service was great, the place is clean and inviting. Only small drawback is that the high ceilings make the noise level a bit loud.Driving through the neighborhood at night, I was pretty sure we were lost, but then Maurepas Foods and a few other establishments appeared seemingly out of nowhere. Really loved the staff, the place, the crowd. A good mix of old and new; neighborhood feel but very welcoming to outsiders.
I started my evening with a Sufferin' Sassafras; rum, sassafras, foam, and ale. The drink was a bit sweet, but really well done, and I loved the foam. The entire cocktail menu is very creative; including the non-alcoholic hand-made sodas. 
The sauteed broccolini, the beets, the brussels sprouts with cheese, goat tacos, oysters, dessert...it was all delicious. Amazingly fresh, crisp, veggies are used in every dish. The menu changes frequently depending on what is fresh, available, and local.I've had their goat tacos at Mirliton Fest before and thought they were worth checking out again.  I almost wish I tried something else to be more adventurous.
$24 for a double Whiskey and 3 mini tacos? I'm missing something here. 
Mind you mini-tacos is a stretch.  We're talking micro soft corn shell with 2 ounces of goat meat on the plate.  There's your taco.  The small portions aren't a problem, the lack of flavor/innovation for that plate is.  I will say the picked green tomatoes were great.  You want a savory interpretation of the taco? Spend a quarter of the $9 asking price and pick one up at Taceaux Loceaux or something.
I can't hate on anything here.  The business is clean, the people were friendly (to me), it is aesthetically pleasing (though some of the themes were confusing and this place has no connection to cajun/creole/Maurepas).....I just cannot justify the prices for an experience that doesn't warrant it.  Sure, inflate the prices to keep the riff raff out and elevate the ambiance....eh, whatever.  I also get the concerns with sound here.  I sat at the bar and there were only 2 other parties in the restaurant and the audio levels were disconcerting.
I'm likely not hip enough to figure out what I'm missing with this place.  I'm happy other people are because a thriving business in the Bywater is a good thing.
You know how I know you're a hipster? 
You frequent Maurepas Foods.There is a poem by Elizabeth Normen Gale that states,
I worship the plover's egg, tasty and rare,
And idolize fanciful French fricasses;
But what, darling dainties, with you can compare,
Soused salmon and lamb and young ducks and green peas?
===========================================================
Maurepas Foods is always a good choice for a treasure hunt for something tasty and rare.  Monthly they are updating their cocktail and food menus.  I have a connect, a server, Mark M.  If you go in ask for him and tell him Cid sent you.  ;)  Tonight I had a house guest whose last night in town it was.  I had a hot, cool & vicious tequila, grapefruit, pepper, lime.  I wasn't sure if the pepper would fit it well, but it did.  It neutralized enough, but left a small kick.  I also had the ribs, which were pretty good.  The potatoes upon which the ribs laid on, curry/new potatoes, we're the best part.  I definitely recommend it.  Tales of the Cocktail is going on this week and they are having a Thursday Spirits event.Maurepas did not disappoint. Another delicious eatery in the Bywater!
My favorite dish was the chicken leg quarter. A bed of grits with an egg poached to PERFECTION. I swear it was probably the best poached egg I've tasted. This dish was so savory, it didn't lack anything.
I also tried the sweet potatoes and the "special of the day" --which was a crawfish pasta dish with fried oysters. It was good, but nothing too beyond it in my opinion.
There's also cheese plates! Small (3 cheeses) or Large (5 cheeses)
I can't seem to remember which cocktails I ordered, but they were fantastic.  I'll definitely be back to Maurepas to try the other dishes.Great addition to the downtown restaurant scene.  Innovative menu, good service, handsome room.  In other reviews I see some kvetching about price, portion size and non-local clientele.  Three of us had a more-than-ample dinner (with leftovers to take home) for about $50, not including wine (which was reasonably priced).  Portions were generous.  And all three of us are curmudgeonly locals - two are natives - so get outta here with that "hipster transplant" jive!  Star of the show was a truly outstanding cheese plate, with scallops and crab as runners-up.  Main reason I awarded four rather than five stars is the assaultively noisy room. (I did mention that I am a curmudgeon.)  But I'll be back, perhaps with noise-cancelling headphones.Wow. What an amazing Amazing experience. Amazing drinks, followed by ultimately fulfilling creative "robust cuisine"!This place is creative and funky. It is not run of the meal food. The Menu is focused and delightful. I found the whole experience relaxing and insightful. The wait staff was well educated on each dish and explained things in detail. If you are up for something new and different stop by for lunch.The decoration is cool. The food is ok. We had grounded grits, pepper soup, chicken, taco and today's special bass, the soup and bass is great!Sure, it's small plates. One duck meatball? $12. 
So I ate like a socialite: too much booze, not enough food and laughed with friends. Granted, the meatball was delicious, but really, one?I cannot get enough of this place!  I have yet to be disappointed in anything they serve. 
Located right in the heart of the Bywater neighborhood, it is walking distance from my apartment.  They are open late and this is a plus when trying to get a large group of friends together, on a Saturday evening!  The staff is great, friendly, prompt and lovely to have conversation with.  The atmosphere is casual, yet trendy.  Drinks specials are amazing!  Some favs of mine: A Little Indiscretion and the Bywater Daiquiri. Ask the "Chief Intoxicologist" about their house-infused spirits.
Definitely try the goat tacos (if you're into that sort of thing).  I don't eat goat, but trust me when I say they are HIGHLY recommended.  Oh, and order the grits too.The menu is so much fun. Each dish has a surprising twist or interesting ingredient. The wait staff is very personable and knowledgable. I think everyone that works there cares about what they do. The cocktails are always enticing and the beer menu is decent. It's fun to get a few dishes and let everyone at the table try. The first time we went my parents came along. My dad loved the grits, but my stepmom was disappointed with the size of her fish entree. Go into it knowing that some dishes might be small plates. I look forward to frequenting this place to see all the new dishes that they invent. Both times, we've taken our son, and he's been accommodated. I love that they have changing stations in both restrooms as a neighborhood place should.