Great looking place with good music, but should be classified as Latin fusion, not Cuban... If you're looking for traditional Cuban, it's not here. Food was decent, not great, but the Mojito was very good.I was recently in NOLA for a visit. We ate all over the city and had some very good meals, but I think we all agreed that one of our best meals was at MAYA. We wandered in on New Years Day after walking around the garden district. Is there anything better than a completely random find that turns out to be delicious? I don't think so. Another plus...they were offering giant cocktails for $5 each. I asked the waiter if the bloody mary was really spicy and he said it was but that they could tone mine down for me if I wanted. I did. It was perfect! Everything we ordered was delicious and very reasonably priced. Even the free chips and salsa were awesome! We liked it so much that we tried to go back for lunch the next day. Sadly, they were on their holiday break :-( 
If you are a visitor to New Orleans, definetly venture away from the french quarter and check this place out!One of the best meals I have had! I was crazy impressed with the food, and the mojitos- yowza!!!!!I ate here soon after they opened and my food was very much not to my liking.  Some of the seafood dishes sound interesting but unfortunately I had the ropa vieja and I just completely didn't like anything about it.  I haven't been back since that experience but it sounds like from some of the other reviews that they have expanded their menu and added some good drinks so I might need to get back to sample some mojitos.  As a disclaimer I just really don't find most "Latin/South American style" food to my liking.Great  authintic Yucatan/Mexican food. Beautiful understated decor, and the perfect size. The guacamole is light and refreshing. The food here is excellent, the service as well. Our dinner took a while to come out but I'm going to blame it on a big part that was going on upstairs. Our waitress was very apolagetic.( I never blame wait staff for a kitchen problem) Its right across the street from Juans Flying Burrito and I think it gets looked over because of the hoopla at Juans.  If you are in this block of Magazine you should try this place out.....great food. Now, I will be back (with a new review) to see if the kitchen glitch was due to that party upstairs. Because there was a private party upstairs, I couldnt go see upstairs, but now I know a good place to have a large function! Oh, and my friend says the Mojitos are awsome.Had the Maya platter appetizer. Some items were ok but breading was too coarse and one mystery item that resembled chickpea mash was bland. Of the
 4 dipping sauces, two were average (like ketchup+mayo).
Service and Drinks were AWESOME -special margharita & cipirianha.I am surprised that this place is not packed every night. The food is so marvelous!  The preparations are unique and well executed. The service is attentive and the owner is present to oversee quality. Also very clean, good music and great drinks!Awesome!! All the food was great from the salads to the seafood and rice to the steak. The sangria was the best I ever had, delicious ! The waiter Roberto was very nice and attentive to our needs.He went out of his way to make our 95 year old uncle birthday special. I would  highly recommend it to anyone.Very underrated restaurant. They're not afraid to include unexpected ingredients to traditional latin dishes, e.g. the capers on their huevos rancheros I order for brunch.
If anything, make sure you get some guacamole. It is by far my favorite version in the city.The food was excellent. Service was good our waiter was very attentive. It's a little more expensive than I had anticipated but it was worth the price. 
I think it's better than all the other restaurants  we tried in New Orleans   
Would definitely go back.This place is definitely not closed. We stopped in for lunch today with another couple and had a incredible meal. Definitely try the sangria, it is awesome. I have the fish tacos and my wife have the quesadillas. Both were excellent. This is a great place in the Garden District that is moderately priced and the food is excellent. I highly recommend it.I walked in here, not really knowing what to expect. My girlfriend has been eying this place for some time now, so we decided to try it for lunch. 
We both ordered the house salad which was good. Anything with blue cheese is a winner in my book. For my main dish, I ordered the Cuban Skirt Steak! It was cooked perfectly. Just like the Cuban steak I use to get down in WPB. My girlfriend ordered the Ropa Vieja. I had never had this dish before, but she kept talking about how delicious it usually is. I was not disappointed. The brisket was very tender. She said that the sauce was a little too sweet for her, but I thought it was really tasty. 
From what I have seen on-line the dinner menu look a little expensive, but I would for sure return for lunch.The food was cause for concern. I ordered tuna tar tar which looked as though it had perhaps been placed under a heat lamp or left in a warm area. It was slightly grey and very fatty. The other dishes did not cause us to worry about our health but that's about the best I can say for them. The server was friendly at any rate.Its closed again.... neither the web site or the phone message indicate this.... meh!I'm so confused...how can this restaurant be only 3 1/2 stars?   What is wrong with you people?
I had possibly the best cocktail I've ever had.  A blended mango cilantro drink!  Yum. The tuna tartare, ahi and ceviche was some of the best I've ever had.  Servers were so sweet and fun. It's worth the $10 cabride.  Break up your can food fest with some of the most flavorful flavors you'll taste anywhere.  You will not regret it!!Food was good. Highly recommend the soft shell crab app. However, it takes forever to receive your drink. The server explained that all drinks were made with fresh ingredients, thus causing the delay. But nearly 10 minutes for a mojito and a caipirinha seemed excessive. I actually considered ordering my 2nd cocktail upon receipt of the first. Seems like it would be a great place to go with a bunch of friends for tapas and perhaps wine (vs. mixed cocktails).Absolutely the most incompetent restaurant experience of my life. Comically, insanely idiotic. Among at least five other "misunderstandings" prior to getting our actual food (coffee is wrong, they apparently can't steam milk even though they offer espresso and we ordered cafe con leches, request for salsa forgotten, request for salt forgotten, etc etc etc....) my friend explicitly told the dingbat waiter that she is deathly allergic to avocado. Her food comes smothered in avocado, we tell the waiter, and since we're already totally over it, we just tell them to leave it but take it off the bill, and I switch my food with hers so we can just get the hell out of there instead of waiting another 20 minutes for a replacement. The bill comes, and the avocado smeared entree is still on the bill. Again, we ask to have it removed, finally it's removed,we pay and I approach the manager/bartender to let him know that as a person who's worked in restaurants forever, this by far the most inept service I've ever experienced. Dude then actually cops an attitude and blatantly accuses us of trying to scam them for free food... Seriously. Cannot even f'ing believe the layers of audacity and idiocy at this place. It's like a vortex of total incompetence and gracelessness. Never go here.Awesome drinks, ample food, cozy atmosphere, all-around a great evening with friends.Mayas did not impress me at all. Coming from New York City, I expected "churrasco" to mean a well-seasoned skirt steak or flank steak with chimichurri or ajonjolí y pimienta. Not sure what that was, but it could have easily passed for something between thin-sliced beef steak and steak-umms. I found more satisfying, authentic Latin American dining in Kenner and the Westbank for less than $10 compared to all of the fanfare that surrounds Mayas. Great location for relaxing with friends or entertaining out of town guests, but it's not the best.Stumbled upon this place while visiting the city and couldn't have been more delighted. Excellent food, great drinks and friendly wait staff. The mango habanero salsa was fantastic and if you don't try the guac, you're a fool. If I'm ever in town again, I'll be sure to go back.Absolutely delicious food and drinks. Prices are higher than two cash rating on Yelp.Bad news, people!  Do not go. We had reservations and the place was closed. Friday evening. We saw the owners go in and they ignore us as we asked them what happened.  Not worth your time. Really bad business model.A Magazine St. MUST!  A very Latin/rustic atmosphere.  Their Blackberry Mojitos have a fresh taste and one of the best I've tasted!  I tried a sampler plate with a softshell crab with some special sauce and it was deelish.  Great date spot or just a spot to drop by while walking the street.I've been to Mayas a number of times but it's been about a year since I've been there. I had forgotten how good it was. Or rather, I've often gotten their appetizer platter and had no more room left for an entree. Didn't make that mistake tonight.
Let's start with the taco chips they start you off with. They're crispy and fresh as can be, with no oiliness. And some may say the dipping sauce that came with them was overly sweet, almost like a Chinese duck sauce, but I loved it. Only downside to this yumminess,I nearly filled up on the chips as I'm prone to do with bread at other restaurants.
My friend ordered the classic guacamole which he said was the best in the city. I'm no authority but it was damn good, smooth and tasty.
I got the Carnitas Pibil, pulled pork with some shrimp added and wonderful seasonings--absolutely delicious. It's usually served over refried beans, which I don't like, so I asked for them to serve it over rice. Apparently the chef was a little surprised at this request but I couldn't have been happier. Perhaps they just might have a new dish (or a variation on an old one).
I had also ordered the avocado mango salad. It's a wonderful combination of creamy Hass avocado slices, mango, pico de gallo, grapes, and organic spinach tossed with a tamarindo, red wine reduction balsamic vinaigrette dressing--YUM! At first I was a tad annoyed that it came at the same time as my entree (as opposed to when the guacamole was brought out) but it actually worked out fine as the salad was a nice balance to my entree...and I even had a little left over for dessert.
Service by Tyler was excellent and prices are reasonable for the quality of the food and the size of portions.
Wish I could give Mayas 4 1/2 stars--darn you Yelp! LolSome of the best food I've ever had. We got the regular and fried plantains as an app. Delicious!  I got the Cuban skirt steak which had amazing flavors. The wait staff were sweet and very attentive. Wish I could say more but honestly it is beyond words. If you are visiting New Orleans, I highly suggest it!This place came recommended through a friend. Best recommendation I've had in a while. Quaint environment, great service and wonderful food. Bartender made my experience he was very welcoming and very engaging.
I had the Brazilian mp. Being originally from Brazil I was a little skeptical but I was beyond surprised by the delicious flavors and presentation of a very traditional Brazilian dish. They nailed it.On Valentine's Day, my good friend decided to treat me to dinner. The food was absolutely delicious. I could not stop eating. Really flavorful. The waiter was super nice. The bill can get high fast, but it's nice to splurge on great food. Will return one day!This is one of our favorite places in town. Really good and authentic food, awesome drinks, and great service. I have not tried anything that was not terrific. However, the last times we have been there we have been disappointed with the paella (which is the entrée that makes us go back). It is not as tasty as it used to be and every time we go it seems as if they have reduced the amount of seafood in it. If you know good paella, it has to have plenty seafood (plus it is not cheap, so one excepts a good amount of seafood). It was loaded with shells (with nothing inside), lemons, and rice. We stopped going back because of this, which is a shame because it was our favorite paella in town.I am just stopping by to say it is "A-Ok!"  I had a nice meal there over a year ago and just recently took friends for an appetizer and some sangria.  It was lovely.Sat for 20 minutes at a table outside and  didn't even get our drink order taken. They were not even packed. Only 6 people seated.  Tries to get waiters attention and he completely ignored me. Pure incompetence.  Don't waster your time. Too many good places to eat In the area.Tienen un menú muy amplio. Los platillos que pedimos muy ricos excelente presentación.We found this place by accident and it was wonderful.   We had $5 margaritas the tuna tar tar and the guacamole which was to die for.Great Bloody Mary's!  Awesome guacamole! Service a little slow when they first open. All else great!Not a fan of the sweet salsa. Would prefer a spicy tomato based salsa. 
Great mix of flavors. Try the avocado, shrimp, crab, mango stack.  Crab cakes and fried egg is excellent.Love Maya's - their mojito, sangria, Lechon-Roasted Pork, and Ropa ViejaI've lived here for two years and how am I just now eating at this restaurant! I'm almost embarrassed that it's taken me so long to eat here.
For a Friday night, the place wasn't too packed. The food came out quick.
I had the Carnitas Pibil and the fiancée had the Lomo y Mar.  The pile of pork sitting on top of retried beans topped with shrimp, onion, cheese, carrots, and tortilla chips. I wanted to lick the plate when I was done. The Lomo y Mar was a good sized skirt steak with shrimp and blue cheese mashed potatoes . She likes the steak and shrimp, and for someone who doesn't like blue cheese, she couldn't get enough of get enough of those potatoes.  
Our waiter was Fernando. This dude was awesome. His recommendations were excellent. He also took the time to talk with us. Not just the standard "how's your meal?" But a really talking about the meal and all the ingredients and favors. 
I can't wait to go back.Food is amazing. Prices are very reasonable.  Ambiance is very good. Elegant. 
Service is very slow....  took 30 min for guacamole. 30 min for a salad. Entree came out 65 min after ordering. Even dessert took 10 min after clearing the dinner entree. 
Minimal vegetarian options. Plates look great and taste wonderful. 
Recommend going on a slow weeknight. The kitchen can't handle weekend or holiday business 
I might go twice a year.Had brunch. Great food. Full of flavor. Dessert great as well. Margarita and sangria drinks half off for brunch. Sightsee the area before coming in so you can workup an appetite. It is a must tryI love this restaurant! The staff is delightful, the ambience is lovely and the food is SO good! I've been here twice, once for dinner and again for brunch. For dinner I had a salad with a piece of fish. It was a healthy size salad, SO fresh and flavorful and the fish was cooked to perfection. The brunch was equally satisfying. I had the Mexican crabcake topped with an egg. We also got guacamole and plantains for the table. Everything was so yummy! 
Besides being delicious, the presentation is just beautiful. From the way your cloth napkin is folded to resemble a bird of paradise to the way the fresh chips are arranged in the guacamole... everything is served looking like a piece of art! Almost so pretty that you don't want to eat it! Except, of course, that you DO. 
New Orleans is swimming with restaurants, though as a pescetarian who prefers fresh and healthier offerings, I don't find many menus quite so friendly. This is my kind of place! For all the fanciness, it still feels amiable and down to earth, and the prices are totally reasonable. Yay!We were told, having waited for a drink, that the chef was also acting as bartender. Based upon the food, it may have been the other way around.
We started with salads, which were nothing special. The entrees seemed to have come from different kitchens. The pork, while fatty, was served in a large bowl with at least an attempt at a presentation. My shredded beef enchiladas were smothered in cheese and plunked into the center of a plate between very bland (canned?) refried beans and plain white rice. It looked terrible, but the flavors were even worse.
The beef seemed very sweet, as if it had been marinated with the pork. The sauce was godawful, a Chef Boyardee orange nightmare of blandness and sweetness; it's hard to believe that this was presented in a restaurant. Nothing had any particular flavor beyond the weird sweet taste common to everything.
Neither dish was hot; in fact, the rice had sat on the plate long enough to cake up. 
Dessert delivered the knock-out punch. The tres leches cake served to us may have been the smallest dessert I have ever seen: two small spoonfuls and it was gone. But it was no great loss, as the presentation (a tiny square, all by itself, looking very lonely) mirrored the flavor. The very bland, obviously mass-market 'vanilla' frosting reminded me of the stuff on kids' birthday cakes from Walmart. 
Service was decent, although the servers seemed very tired.
We won't be going back.We stumbled upon this little gem on Magazine Street. Incredibly delicious and authentic. Love the guacamole and the hanger steak is amazing.Holy smokes was this place bad!! Despite having a very extensive menu, not one item that we ordered was even remotely good. The chicken croquettes were frozen-food quality. The tamales tasted like new shoes. The tuna tar tar was inedible. The breading to shrimp ratio of the fried shrimp was 100 to 1. The beef skewers were more like dog meat skewers. I was shocked to find that this place has been in business for 2 years or more. I can't believe enough people pay to eat at this place for it to remain financially afloat. I'm beginning to lose faith in humanity.ALERT: check your bill carefully! I was very disappointed with my dining experience at Mayas. Untrained staff gave the wrong prices for off the menu drink specials and attempted to charge the drinks for double the special price. When I told the waitress that I was charged the wrong price, she refused to edit my bill. Next, I talked to the owner and he called me a liar because he did not believe the waitress would tell me the wrong price for the drink special. So much for the customer always being right. I later was told that the waitress was in training, although I was never told this at the beginning of the night. The waitress in training also never had a trained waiter working with her. I had to send back my check two times because I was  going to be charged for food and drinks I did not order and it took 30 minutes for me to receive the correct bill. Needless to say I will not be returning. Drinks are syrupy with little alcohol.We went for the first time this evening and loved it!!!! We were there early, but the place filled up quickly. This is a very cool, intimate place that  reminds me of NYC. The maitre'd was terrific and accommodating. I love it when as you are being seated they ask you what your preference of seating is! Happens rarely! We both ordered daily specials ( the menu is delicious and fantastic); I ordered the Jamaican scallops with mole ( perfectly spiced, not too chocolatey).. Husband ordered the Chilean sea bass with soft shell crab.... Both were divine! Presentation spot on; quality awesome; quantity perfect; creative and scrumptious. 
Margaritas are 5.00 for happy hour; wine list very nice! Pricing commensurate with service and quality of good. Ambience very nice. Thumbs up, cannot wait  to go back. This place has something for everyone: seafood, meat, vegetarian, applies, entrees, soups and flavors.  We were so pleased with this place. A gem, from our first experience. It is a great meld of Latin food, but also has many curries, fresh grilled items, etc. The list is magnificent.My husband and I flew in from San Francisco for a romantic weekend in New Orleans.  We found this restaurant on a website and decided to try it because of all the positive reviews.  
WHAT A MAJOR DISSAPOINTMENT!!!  We stood by the hostess station for the longest time and after we were seated, the wait staff totally ignored us.  After 15 minutes we couldn't take it anymore so we stood up and walked out.  
We will NEVER patronize this establishment again and I am actually Cuban.  What a DISSAPOINTMENT!!!Excellent lunch and dinner spot.  Food is very good.   Especially like the appetizers and the margaritas are always on saleWhat a great place. Service was great, especially Marcus Miller!  Gave us great recommendations for both the restaurant and things to do while in town. We were in town for 4 days and visited everyday! A must try is the guacamole trio--it will blow your mind if you let it. The menu is out-of-the-box thinking, and delicious! Also the variety of Mojitos is unbelievable.  Everyone in the restaurant was very friendly and hospitable. Can't wait to return!I don't understand some of these reviews, so maybe it was a bad night to come here. Food was good, however we waited a half hour for drinks, and hour for apps, and another hour for food. No apologies. Service was horrendous, and I felt awful for the table next to me hearing what was coming out of the waitresses mouth. The place is dirty, which you have time to notice because you sit and wait so long. I just couldn't get past the service from the second we walked in.Blue cheese guacamole. I need not say anymore! I have also LOVED their homemade tortilla chips. Fantastic! Service is great and professional. I have been here a couple of times and love it. It is on the smaller side. It is also dark and can be romantic. The food presentation is one of the best in the city, hands down. The flavors are there. Its a hidden gem that not many people know about. It is one of my favorite restaurants in the city.Fabulous food.  Eat and drink anything Roberto recommends!  The mojitos are the best.  All four of us were blown away by how tasty the food is.This place is delicious! We had guacamole and two curry dishes. There are a few vegan options on the menu which is nice. We really enjoyed all of our food and will be back! It's a little expensive but worth it for a special night out!Stumbled upon this gem when the restaurant we were heading to was closed. Everything was amazing and I left so full and with so much food to take home. We (two people) shared the yuca fritas and the mango guacamole for appetizers and I was so stuffed afterward I was only able to eat four bites of my lechon roasted pork before tapping out! They also give you a basket of tortilla strips with jalepeno mango sauce whicb basically tastes like duck sauce. The portions are humongous here which is great because it makes the price point worth it. My friend got the breakfast burrito which is massive and served as a wet burrito, so it is smothered in a delicious sauce. Our server, Juan, offered us some great suggestions and was lovely. Can't wait to go back!Delicious food and sangria, as well as great service. This was my first time and I will definitely be returning!Not exactly the best place for a steak, but I would say try anything there. Presentation in the food is on point, however was disappointed in the steak.Food was amazing, but what was even more amazing was the bartender Trinity. We came on St. Paddy's day and the place was so busy. He literally was doing 10 things at once, but still managed to do it with a smile on his face with a good sense of humor. I'd come back just to see him! #truth #TrinityWe had many people suggest Maya's, so we went for my birthday. We arrived early in the evening and were the first (and only for a while) table to be seated. While our server was polite, he was slow to refill our drinks, which usually doesn't bother me except we were the only ones in the place! We started with the mayan sampler with vegetable spring rolls, tempura shrimp, one soft-shell crab and some other items. It was pretty good, and the four different sauces were pretty tasty. For the meal I had an Ahi Tuna dish with vegetables. The veggies, especially the broccoli, were pretty good, but the tuna had no flavor. I would go back for the amazing sangria, very good, but that's about it. While it wasn't bad food, it wasn't worth the slightly pricier cost. Having said that, the place is almost ALWAYS packed later in the evening, so others obviously enjoy it.Extremely overpriced for the below average food.  Drinks are decent though.So so very expensive for what seemed like low quality ingredients and sugar glaze salsa.Went last Friday night and got a bunch of apps.  The portions are HUGE !  Everything was delish ! I am going to pickup lunch from there today. YUM !Expensive place, but  I felt the service/the decor wasn't quite top notch. Servers kept us waiting for almost an hour for food, which we didn't quite mind since we were in a group of friends and conversations flowed as they usually do. But we missed our show which wasn't good. We sympathized with our waiteress but whatever the people in the kitchen were doing , it wasn't working too efficiently. The food was decent, I liked my mahi mahi and paella valenciana and for desert the flan was terrific. Hence the three stars.The food was amazing. The Tuna Tartar, Monterrey Chicken, and Carnitas Pibil were outstanding. Very large portions perfect for sharing or guaranteed leftovers. Several other things on the menu sounded delicious. It was hard to choose! Can't wait to go back!Last month was my very first time visiting Nola (won't be my last)! What better place to celebrate twenty years of friendship with my two besties ~we met in culinary school! We came across Mayas while making our way through the garden district. I loved the atmosphere & we were immediately welcomed by Michael the bartender who proceeded to be not only gracious but very informative about the area & things to do. Mayas was the only place we went to twice ~although we only had drinks they were the best! I suggest the Bloody Mary! Already looking forward to going back & Mayas will be at the top of the list (dinner & drinks).. a special thank you to Michael for making us feel at home! #bestbartendereverFood was really good. A little on the expensive side. We sat outside with our dogs and we had to flag someone down after about 30 minutes to please come over to start ordering.My husband and I were on Magazine, in search of a great restaurant, for some reason most places were closed. We stumbled on Mayas... omg, it was delicious!!!! We talk about it all of the time, the best restaurant on Magazine St. We will be back!I went there tonight for the first time and it was beyond my expectations. I had to get a to-go box and later started watching a movie as I was eating some more of the left overs. It was still so good I had to pause the movie in order to let everybody know how wonderful this food is and how gracious and knowledgeable the staff is. I don't know where any of these bad reviews are coming from (?) but I can tell you this one is more than authentic and so is the food as well as the service. Thank you Mayas and everybody there, Doug DSo, to begin this review I would like to explain that not only do I love to dine out, but I have been cooking in various restaurants from New York to New Orleans for the past 7 years. Knowing the ins and outs of the business I am an avid foodie and a very patient diner, not easily swayed from enjoying my time in a restaurant. This is the first time I have ever walked out of a meal offended and dissatisfied all at once.
My family and I went in to Mayas on Cinco de mayo after a glorious day of jazz fast. The long wait time was expected for food, the place was very busy and obviously overwhelmed. We were all sipping sangrias and enjoying our time. One hour goes by, and no one said a word of complaint. Then they finally took our order. The poor attention from the service was beginning to get annoying as I realized I wasnt the only one sitting with two empty glasses in front of me, but everyone was. Parched from the days actvities a little water refreshment would probably have kept any stirrings of impatience at bay. Eventually I finally got up to find a waiter to refill everyone water, and simply acknowledge that the table still hadnt gotten any appetizers after being there for nearly an hour and a half at this point. Once the appetizers finally were brought we were sorely disappointed to have to now fight over the two plates with 6 chips stuck onto a plate of guacamole. Let's see 10 people...2 hours...12 chips. This wasn't working. 
The night progressed by them bring us the wrong tables entrees, the waitress literally yelling what was on the plate and pissed that no one was claiming it. I even tried to take it at this point because she seems so put off that it was wrong. Another 20 minutes and I decided it was time to talk to someone. I went towards the kitchen and asked the first server if he could tell me what was going on and he immediately threw his hands in my face and starting yelling at me. Taken aback by this incredulous act I asked him to find a manager for me to talk to someone more under control...he looked back at me and said I am the manager, I am the owner, and your talking to me. Then proceeded to blame my families tardiness for our whole terrible experience. He had us confused with a late 8-top sitting next to us. 
After the man refused to back down and my sister came to get me away he continued into the dining room screaming at both of us, not to mention she is 6 months pregnant. Obviously beyond redemption at this point we left the meal, slapped with the 18% gratuity and chased by an apologetic waitress. 
The whole experience was terrible, and I feel as though it all comes from the top. The wait staff seemed to know how wrong it was, but couldn't help but be insufficient in fixing anything. Dining out should make you feel satisfied, special, and happy. I didn't leave with anything but an empty stomach, my feelings hurt, and the first dinner we all had together in half a year completely ruined.Went to Mayas on a whim with a girlfriend today. OK, we planned to go to Juan's but there was a 30 minute wait so we went across the street to Mayas. There was no hostess or anyone at the front, we just sort of sat and called for someone to help us. It took a while to get drinks, milk for coffee, food... But the company was good and I was only slightly irritated by the wait. I had the Yuca Frita and the Tropical Tilapia - both were delicious, super fresh and great garnish. Yummy black beans and rice. My companion got the chicken Coconut Curry and loved it. The food was so good and our waiter was so friendly and apologetic that I hardly minded the wait (although I did get a little pissed when a table that sat after us got their food first).Our first contact with the wait staff was wonderful and exciting, unfortunately it all went down hill from there. The drinks came 20mins after we ordered. The food was pretty underwhelming and salty. Then the waiter did not know how to user the POS system and pro duced a bill that was at least $50 more than what it should have been. Needless to say, we got screwed. I don't think you should ever go there. It's not worth the hassle.This section of Magazine St. makes it a little hard to find parking, but it's worth the time spent. 
Best mojito selection in town...seriously. Pick a flavor and I'm sure they have it. The only thing is this place doesn't have a bar type setting to access he great mojitos. You'll have to go down the street to St. Joes for that, and you're limited to classic and blueberry flavors.
The point of the restaurant is reached. Nice small setting, not really meant for large groups, but I'm sure if you call ahead of time, a group experience can be arranged.
Our waitress was super cool, engaging, and kept us intrigued with the menu specials, so we ended up trying several things here...all awesome. 
We drank more than we ate...definitely. enjoyed bothToo bad I can't give negative stars.  I live in Manhattan and New Orleans and after many wonderful dining experiences in both cities, I would have a hard time picking a favorite but I can definitely say that my dining experience at Mayas was the worst of my life.  
We chose Mayas due to their Cinco de Mayo menu and in celebration of our Jazz Fest weekend.   After a great day of the festival, we combined two standing reservations at Mayas with friends we met up with to make a party of 10.  We thought it was 9 people, we were off my one - our mistake.  3 of us were there right on time, the remaining 7 of us arrived less than 10 minutes late after getting stuck in Jazz fest traffic on the way over.  The first diners wanted to order appetizers to have things waiting, they were told to wait for the whole party and that there weren't enough menus.  They added a chair to the end of the table and we apologized for miscounting. 
After ordering appetizers we waited about an hour for guacamole to show up and then at least another half an hour for the rest of the appetizers, which only came after we asked for chips to tide us over for food given we had been waiting over an hour and a half.  Or order was taken by an assistant waiter, who was the only person who seemed to care about our dining experience and felt bad that everything was taking so long.  The waitresses then came out with an order 20 minutes later or so (2 hrs in) and started screaming at the table "crab stack" which none of us had ordered, and she seemed very annoyed that none of us wanted to take the food.  It was for the wrong table.  
After waiting for another 20 minutes without our order arriving, my sister (who works in the food service industry as a chef), asked to speak with a manager about the delays.   The OWNER immediately started waving his finger in her face and saying "You added 2 people and you were 35 minutes late."  He had mixed us up with yet a 3rd table. I was walking to the bathroom and saw him standing there cursing out my sister and said - whoa what are you doing buddy, at which point he realized we were another party.  I said - we've been waiting for 2 hrs you should be apologizing - he said "ever been to Bayona's - it takes 2 hrs to eat there."  Actually - I have been there (Susan Spicer - amazing!) and the main difference is that you're actually *dining* for 2 hrs and enjoying yourself in a professional establishment.  When I pointed out that he Bayona's this was not he basically told us we weren't welcome and we could have our check.  
When the check arrived - it had a mandatory gratuity added for the worst service of my life.  We all left upset, our rare time together ruined, with empty stomachs and feeling threatened, insulted, and robbed.My friend and I always return back to this place for drinks - their fruit mojitos are fresh and they're perfect when Trinity makes them for us. The variety they have is really good based on seasonal fruit - if you order anything here, that's what you should get! The staff are so nice even though the two of us always just get the drinks and nothing else. One of the places I'll miss when I leave New Orleans in a few months!Tonight my friend and I went to Mayas for dinner since we had been wanting to check out this restaurant for awhile. We read such rave reviews and have friends who recommended this place to us. When we arrived the first thing both of us noticed was the really odd decor. It was Mayan tile paintings, red and gold faux finishing, funky wine themed wall art, geckos everywhere. My friend described it best by calling it "very early 90s Real World". It was weird and all over the place. The service was mediocre. Our server was nice, but didn't tell us anything about the menu, drinks, nothing. She basically took our order and ran off as though the place was slammed (there were two other two tops and another server). Also they were doing side work like polishing the silver wear in the dining room which was loud and distracting. I understand if there's no room in the servers station, but if you have to do it in the FOH than either sit at the bar and do it, or put a cloth napkin on a plate and set them down quietly, not toss them into the utensil bin. This may not bother other people, but it's a pet peeve of mine.
Our appetizers were good. We got the camarones con coco empanizados which were tasty, although the tempura tasty a little funky and my friend didn't like the pina colada sauce that came with it, although I thought it was fantastic. We also ordered the roasted red pepper and sundried tomato guacamole which again was tasty, but there needed to be more tortilla chips to accompany such a larger portion of guac.
Both of entrees were satisfying. My friend ordered the moqueca with scallops and both he and I agreed that it had lots of flavor and the scallops were cooked well. It's an excellent dish to dip the french bread that came with it in. I originally ordered the lechon roasted pork, but they had sold the last one of the night right beforehand. I instead got the Cuban skirt steak. I loved the rice and beans it was served on, and the side of plantains was excellent. The skirt steak itself was a little salty and reminded me of ground hamburger meat. Don't get me wrong, it was good, just not amazing.
Service was pretty slow in terms of clearing our table of our app and dinner plates and we were never asked if we wanted to look at dessert or get a cup of coffee so we didn't even though I was really craving something sweet, I had lost interest in staying in this restaurant any longer than I had to. That's really saying something from me since I almost always order dessert. Also I think the staff was anxious to start closing down the restaurant even though they were still going to be open for another hour. When the bill was presented to us the server had forgotten to take off the lechon pork which was no biggie, but coming from one server to another you should look at the bill before giving it to your guests.
Overall I don't have plans to eat here again. I left satisfied by the food, but let down by the atmosphere and service.Terrible management, terrible kitchen-- I've been going to Maya's since it first opened and have always loved the food and the drinks (mojitos are always good) but tonight was terrible. We came in as a party of four on a Saturday night at 8 pm. It was crowded, but nothing new for these guys. Our apps ended up taking almost an hour to come out and our entrees took over 2 hours to arrive since our seating. Our waitress, apologetic enough, brought out a small serving of chips and a single serving of sweet chili sauce for dipping to sustain us in return for the long wait. When I suggested that since we were ordering twice as many drinks than we would have without the wait that it would be nice if she comped one round she said she would. Our food finally came out and the seafood paella that I had ordered was in fact a pile of fried, unseasoned rice with clams and mussels full of grit and shrimp improperly pealed. I was too tired (it was 10:15 by this point) to send it back. Then when she brought our bill she told us hat she gave us the "military discount" of 15% off our bill for the inconvenience, but when I looked at it, it wasn't even enough to offset the 9.5% tax, so I figured that this "discount" was really just 15% off the food bill and not the four drinks per person we racked up. The manager never came out to apologize. In the end, poor management, poor kitchen and I'm sad to say that I won't be patronizing Maya's anytime soon. It's really too bad...I used to love this place.Worst inexcusable service!  Local here....had attempted dinner here years ago and due to a long wait and rude hostess, we never returned...until recently. First, they were NOT crowded...maybe 6 or 7 tables tops. We waited THIRTY MINUTES on very simple cocktails. You know something is wrong when you have to grab another waiter (since yours has disappeared into thin air) to ask, "Where are our drinks?"  To which he replies, "Oh, sorry. We're really busy and the bartender is backed up." Backed up? We could've walked across the street to Juan's and ordered margaritas to go and had them in less than 5 mins. Here's the absolute worst part. When the drinks finally arrived they smelled like a wet dog, which means the glasses were dirty. Gag. We decided to finish our appetizer of guacamole and bail, but needed more chips (they give you 4 large chips..yes, you read that correctly...FOUR chips). We asked for more chips and the bill. They had the absolute nerve to charge for extra chips?!?!?!  I don't care how good the food is, I will never return.We had a delicious meal at Mayas last night.  Devon, our server, was a delight.  She knew the menu and was very attentive.  We split the Pampas salad--very generous portion easy to share==wonderful with asparagus, grilled steak, cheese.  The seafood moqueca was exquisite, as was the ropa vieja.  Good wine list too.  Hoping this great innovative Latin restaurant is not discovered too soon.  We will be back.Wow. I leave a lot of new orleans restaurants saying "wow," but this is the only time it means "Wow, don't ever go here." This place is horrible. The service was absolutely terrible. I can't say much about the food because we left after the appetizers. The only food we got was the appetizer guac which was no better than grocery store plastic bag squeezie guac. We waited about an hour for that guac, then spent the next hour wondering where the hell our food was while sipping on disgusting syrup-ridden sangria. But still, we're just chillin and visiting and having a good time. When we asked about how much longer our food was gonna take, our waitress looked at our empty plates with browned guacamole scraps on it and said "Well, obviously you've had something to eat. Do you mean you're waiting for your entree?" We got up and left at this point shrugging it off, slightly offended, and got a check with a 20% gratuity included! I've never seen anything like it and hopefully won't ever see it again around this town. Go to Juan's across the street and get the jerked nachos. Great place. Great service. Good attitude.Closed down. We made reservations for today, Friday, May 11 at 7 pm. They are not open for business on a Friday night.A sort of latin fusion place, Mayas is a cozy little restaurant that is great for couples or smaller parties. The building is quite nice, small but not crowded and loud enough to sound lively without being too loud even when full to keep you from enjoying a conversation. The size of the place makes it suited more to couples and smaller parties, maybe no more than five. 
There is a gorgeous hardwood bar with a wide selection of drinks available including a few central American beers that you don't commonly see in a lot of restaurants. The lighting is subtle without being dark, dim enough to show off the candles on tabletops without making it hard to read the menu.
Service was friendly without being intrusive. We were seated right away and had our drinks in short order. Sangria was on special at 6 dollars a glass and was quite good. I ended up getting the ropa vieja which came served over seasoned rice with fried plantains on the side. Highly, highly recommended. 
Pricewise this is more of a special occasion for a tightwad like myself but I highly recommend it for anyone in need of a lovely dinner spot.So good!  The salsa is amazing.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass which was unbelievable!  I would definitely return, and I've heard their brunch is excellent as well.  Oh, and best Sangria I've had in New Orleans for sure!The food was really quite good and the atmosphere was also great.  But it was overpriced.  $18 for the guacamole sampler?  And it was so very good, but again, $18?  I would love to come back, but there are so many better places to go in the area for the same price tag but with truly extraordinary food (Coquette to mention one).