Best BBQ in the city! You can get waffle fries at the Nola taproom location but you can get jalapeño corn muffins at the Magazine location. The choice is yours, and there's no wrong decision.So, I decided to try McClures's BBQ tonight.  Its just around the corner from where I live.  It's in the New Olreans Lager and Ale Brewing building.  I placed my order and paid.  Then I realized that I didn't order a drink.  I asked the girl behind the counter for a coke.  She said I needed to order at the bar.  So I went over and ordered two cokes for my friend and I.  The bartender open'd the two cokes and then he told me it was a $10.00 min.  Are you kidding!  I don't drink and neither does my friend.  I was outraged to say the least.  I gave the bar tender a hard time and then grabbed a water from  the cooler up front.  I then told the girl behind the counter that she should have told us about the ten dollar min before.  She said she didn't know about it.  That's a bunch of bull.  She said they were a separate business.  Very disappointed!  I do have to say thought that the ribs are very good.  That's the only reason I gave it 3 stars.
1Went today between lunch and dinner. We ordered 2 meat and 2 side platters, 1/2 rack of ribs and 1/2lbs of brisket. Delicious food. My favorite was the pulled pork for sure. I loved the smoked chicken as well. Brisket is tender and meat falls off the bone. Ribs are great. We had tons of food to take home. It smelled so delicious in my car and later at home. Everything was extremely fresh. We will be back.Here's the story, anyone who knows shite about Bar BQ knows you start cooking in the early AM. So my girlfriend and I went to Surry's across the street and were told to wait up to half an hour or an hour for brunch. Naturally we moseyed over to Bon Temps to grab a Bloody Mary and right when I caught the scent of smoked meat I bump into this massive man holding a whiskey with red eyes, face covered in soot and knew that the rumored Bar BQ joint across the block was open for business. I asked him directly, "You've been cooking all night haven't you?" to which he replied" Since 2AM!" My heart fluttered and my girlfriend and I scrapped our plans to Surry's, ordered our Bloody Mary's and headed into McClures. At this point you probably want a food description but I am not into that, the place is delicious and authentic that's all you need to know for BBQ. Tip: it's BYOB so go to Bon Temps before.Beef brisket was pretty good but the 4 cheese macaroni was amazing! The window seats were great to watch the world drive by. Great place!We've been waiting so long and finally got to try... It was so worth the wait. Party of four and everyone said five stars. Our favorite was the Kansas City sauce; second was Memphis, but no complaints about any of them. Loved the pulled pork, greens, baked beans, macaroni.Average bar food at a high price.  
Out of all of meat choices except beef brisket, which was tender & tasty. Everything served barely warm.  Have 6 or 7 different BBQ sauces from TX to the Carolinas that you can add.  Got attitude from guy behind counter when I couldn't find anything but empty containers for a few sauces. 
Part of the NOLA Brewery Tap Room, so this was the beverage option.  Not a fan of their brews. 
Fairly costly for what I got - bar food!Good food, fast. This spot is pretty cool and popular amongst the locals. You really can't go wrong w/ bbq and McClure's does it right. It's a very casual atmosphere. It's clean and very chill. You order your food and seat yourself. There's outdoor seating too, not much of a view if you care about that sort of thing. There's water by the door if you don't drink beer.No doubt about it - these guys know their stuff.  Hands down the best Jambalaya I have ever had in my life.  Nice group of guys too.Absolutely deserves 5 stars. Simple friendly service paired with tender smokey delicious food. All sides are wonderful and the selection of sauces is the perfect compliment. If you're in NOLA you need to visit this spot.Very good brisket and potato salad ok. A little pricey for this Texas girl. Cheaper there. Average size helpings. People very nice!Minus one BIG star for no longer being all you can eat MEAT.  They got sneaky and changed the wording to all you can eat sides and they no longer do all you can eat meat.  I mainly like brisket and the brisket here just plain isn't that good to me and they really focus most of their energy on the pig.  I pray at the alter of the cow so this BBQ temple seems less and less inviting to me.I read many of the reviews before trying McClure's BBQ and perhaps I was expecting too much. The food was just Meh and I have definitely experienced better.
I am a low carber, so the idea of smoked meat without any sauce is mouth watering. I was disappointed because it seems as if the sauce would have been extremely helpful in making my smoked chicken taste like something. I also had the pulled pork and was pleased with the taste.
Another person in my party was also disappointed with the chicken and said that the sauce did not help. He was also not happy at all about the baked beans, but was okay with the mac-n-cheese.
If you want better BBQ... travel a few more blocks and try the BBQ station in Whole Foods - Arabella locationAwesome! We went for brunch yesterday which apparently is a new thing. But they act like they've been doing it for years. I can't think of anywhere else in New Orleans that offers an array of smoked meats atop your eggs with Vietnamese rolls and a side of king cake. 
     Just as good as the food was the service. I believe it was the owner himself waking around asking how everything was. It was delish!Best BBQ in NOLA! The ribs, brisket, sausage, and chicken! The only drawback is actually having to choose! Sorry "The Joint" you are only second best now.Bad service. Beans are hard and undercooked. Mac and cheese is gross. Ribs are good but it depends on what's day/time you get them. I'll stick to the Joint in by water. Good there is always good and always taste the same. Saucy's is even better than this place. I wonder if the service was so bad here because I'm "urban" lolEDIT - As long as the sauces have tops and the whole ice scoop thing is fixed, I'll throw two more stars at it - the retirement of the German Potato Salad didn't hurt, either.
FIXED:  Never store an Ice Scoop in the Ice.  Critical Violation.
FIXED:  Second, remember when you tasted the six sauces?  Did you shake any of them before you put some on your finger and licked it?  That same finger you used to keep the sauce from spraying everywhere when you shook it, right?  Multiply that by the hundreds of other folks that have done that.  Oh, then they went and got more ice.  
For the record, I am the farthest thing from a germaphobe, but this was a bit ridiculous.  Two super simple things to fix, and I'll get this updated.
On the real reason to wander into McClure's BBQ - the food!
As is required on the first trip to a new 'cue joint, we ordered the All Meats & All Sides for $17.50.  The meats included Brisket, Pulled Pork, St. Louis Ribs, a Hot Link, and a Chicken Breast and Wing.  The sides included Macaroni & Cheese, Cole Slaw, Baked Beans, and German Potato Salad.
The Meats:
The Brisket looked decent, and had a nice smoke ring.  That was about the best I can say about it.  The meat did not have much flavor at all.  We could not detect any form of rub on the beef - no salt, no pepper, no nothing.  The taste was similar to plain old Roast Beef.  The Brisket had a decent cook on it, although slightly under done.
The Pulled Pork will be worth another try.  It seemed to be somewhere between pulled and chopped.  The pork on our platter was a touch dry, but overall 'cued well.  This would be excellent with sauce and, if you read my previous reviews, good 'cue doesn't need sauce.  Not a whole lot of detectable flavor.
The St. Louis Ribs needed a little extra love on the pit.  Our ribs we're at least an hour from happy time.  They were a little on the tough side, as the connective tissues hadn't completely broken down, and the fat needed a lot more rendering.
The Chicken was probably the star of the show.  The bird had good flavor, and the wing was cooked perfectly.  The breast was a touch dry, which, if you barbecue, know is one of the most difficult hunks of meat to consistently nail.  The skin was pretty decent, with good bite on the wing, and a touch rubbery on breast.  Overall, props are to be given on the bird.
The Sausage had some pretty good flavor to it, with a little bit o' kick.  Our only thought on it was the texture was a bit different - it was very, very finely ground.  My other half thought it was a bit "mealy", but I didn't mind the fine texture.
The Sides:
The German Potato Salad was in no way German Potato Salad.  It is served cold, and has a light vinegary coating with some bacon.  Being of German decent, I can attest that this is does not at all resemble what it is supposed to be.
The Baked Beans - I was warned by others, and plowed ahead anyway.  The Beans are hours away from really, really good.  The beans were undercooked, as two friends had warned me, and it contained quarter cloves of semi-raw garlic.  Very, very strong garlic flavor with crunchy beans was not a good thing.  Seriously, let these puppies go for another few hours, and you might have something.
The Macaroni & Cheese was okay.  Not any real flavor here, either.  We are not salt addict, but had to add salt to this side.  It was your typical middle of the road mac and cheese that had broken.
The Cole Slaw was your standard fare.  It did the job, but wasn't nothing spectacular.
The Sauces:
We tried the Sauces before we connected the dots on the shaking/licking thing, as I always put paper towel over the tip before shaking.  Looking around the restaurant, we were the only table employing this method.  Still disturbed by this.  They have six sauces:
Alabama Style - The name says Alabama, which should tell you to stay away.  This is a traditional Mayo/Vinegar Sauce.  Not a knock on this 'cue joint at all, but this stuff is rough by definition.
NOLA East Sauce - This stuff did not remind me of a barbecue sauce, but rather my Mom's Chili Sauce Recipe.  This stuff would bring me back down memory lane on the Pulled Pork.  Props on this one.
KC Sauce - They hit it pretty well - a tomato-molasses sauce.  Not my style, but a fair representation.
Memphis Sauce - A more tomato traditional sauce.  Personally would like a bit more kick.  Second favorite of the bunch
Carolina Sauce - Vinegar-based sauce/mop.  My favorite style.  This version could use a little work with the flavor development.
South Carolina - Another traditional variety I don't understand - the mustard-based sauce.  This version was actually pretty decent.
OVERALL:
I recently received a message from the owner saying that the two big health code issues were fixed, and I am willing to take Pitmaster's word on it until I can swing by and bust out another full review.Now I'm no BBQ expert, but I know some things about smoking meat!  Wait, that came out wrong.  
It was a great meal with a happy ending!  I left with at least four different sauces dripping down my face!  Dammit!  
Enough with the corny one off sex jokes.  This is a legit que joint and if you enjoy real, slow and low que then you seriously need to check it out.  It's served family style which means everyone sits at the same table and passes around platters of meats and sides.  The utensils and paper towels were already out on the table.  Johnny Cash was playing in the background.  They serve sweet tea.  Everything that is required for an excellent bbq journey.  
As soon as I sat down the waitress brought out an amuse bouche of chili.  It's weird to hear someone say "amuse bouche" and "chili" in the same sentence, but I was down to try it and as good as it was it was the worst the part of the meal.  
The pulled pork is spot on.  Crispy, smokey and tender.  Slightly greasy.  It really soaks up the sauce.  I recommend the vinegar based North Carolina sauce or the Mustard based South Carolina sauce.  
The smoked chicken is perfect.  I've never had such good smoked chicken.  It's smokey and juicy no matter what part you take.  The skin is spicy, not hot spicy but spice spicy.  I liked the Kansas city or the mustard based sauce to go with it.  
The brisket is very good.  I've had better, but it's still worthy.  It had a beautiful smoke ring and was very juicy.  I like the Memphis or the KC sauce with the brisket.
The ribs are the boss.  Most BBQ experts argue that good meat, when smoked properly doesn't need sauce, and that is most definitely the case with these ribs.  They are perfect.  If you want to add some sauce, then I would recommend the vinegar or the mustard based, but they are not at all necessary.  
I've been here twice now and the food has been consistantly excellent.  I also think that the service has improved.  The first time I went they were a little slow to bring out new platters of meat but the second time they were on the spot the entire time.  
I can't recommend this enough.  If you like BBQ this is THE spot in New Orleans.Located in Nola brewery now. My favorite wings! Also like the beans. Several sauces to choose from and a large variety. Good BBQI'm so glad I found this place. I just had the pork ribs which had an awesome smokey flavour and the spices they used were delicious. 4 stars - only because it was a bit on the salty side for me. Totally worth coming back for more!Probably my favorite brisket that I've found in the New Orleans area. Always good, portions are good as well. Potato salad was not to my liking but I'm not a huge mustard person.The BBQ here is great and so is the beer selection. We ordered the 3 meat selection with brisket, ribs, and sausage and a side of Mecha chicken wings. The BBQ was succulent and tender and there are several types of BBQ sauce to dip with. The stand out dish were the wings though, the Mecha sauce is WHOA. I just loved the way it was glazed on the crispy wings. The fries were fries and the macaroni and cheese was great with a nice cheese crust on the top.
The only knock on this place is maybe the location since it's kind of in the middle of no where, but you can easily catch a bus that will drop you off right in front of it. After we ate we walked 10-15 minutes through the neighborhood to Magazine street and randomly met Mannie Fresh , who was eating on a porch on Magazine Street (how random). 
Check out my BBQ photo !Count me as your newest fan, Mr. McClure! I've been wanting to try your BBQ for a while now and I finally got the chance today. Holy hell, was it heaven!
First of all, the space is so my style with the picnic table seating, the awesome New Orleans themed art on the walls and the cool vibe. 
The food is incredible. I had the pulled pork, the best Cuban in New Orleans, jambalaya (freaking incredible-and I don't even like jambalaya) and some potato salad that knocked my socks off.  The sauces are all perfect but I'd knock over an old lady for your receipe for that yellow one. No, really...I would push a grandma down for it. I'll be honest and admit to stealing some to take home, in fact. :)
P.S. The framed copies of the Times Picayune when the Saints were going to and then won the Super Bowl filled me with pride. Thank you for that!neil knows what's up w/BBQ, and I don't eat meat! four cheese mac n cheese, collards, and smoked mushroom melt was de-lish. actually put some of the mac on my sandwich. highly suggest trying with one of the six vinegar /sauces in a six pack table side.McClure's is the best.
Whether you swing by for a quick bite, or plan ahead for a nice date-night, this joint is the place to go for great barbeque in Uptown. 
We first came here in the fall after driving by, and being new to New Orleans (knowing full well that the city is synonymous with great barbeque) , we figured we would give it a try. The ambience is great - we were seated right away by a friendly hostess who came over and explained the concept - basically choose your meat and then experiment with the eight different sauces, all available at each table.
The meat was fresh, tasty and delicious. The sides were great as well (the only complaint being that the delectable mac and cheese was a bit lukewarm).
The other day, we happened to be walking by and we noticed the smoker across the street smoking away. We took the detour down the side street to get a closer look/smell, and a very friendly gentleman walked out and greeted us. He gave us a peek inside the smoker, explained the meats, cooking time, and showed us how he carefully checks the temperature all day. We later learned that this was Mr. McClure himself - great guy. We were impressed with the CARE that he puts into his food. 
We went back the next day for dinner and weren't disappointed - I even bought a sweet t shirt with the logo of the restaurant on the front and on the back it says: "Because you don't make friends with salad." Great slogan.
All in all, we will be back again and again.ALL MEATS & ALL SIDES!!! Do it. You will not regret it. Everything is outstanding, get burnt ends, too. Wash down your food coma with one of the many excellent house brewed beers. Great place to bring family or a group of friends to hang out have a good time. Thanks for a great experience!Not bad, but definitely not as good as this city deserves.  Six sauces, none of them particularly good.  The cuts of meat are fatty without much substance to them.  Compared to the other spots in town, except the joint which is pretty tasty, Mcclure's excels.  When compared to bbq you've had in other towns in Mississippi, Alabama, and Tennessee, the offering is pretty weak. 
Definitely try the greens, though, which are delicious.The brisket haunts me like a lover's kiss. I want to stitch an endless supply of it together and constantly be eating a brisket centipede. Brown ale a bit on the sweet side but good Mac an Cheese.Just visiting for a week. Staying by the fr qtr. Drove up from FLA. Got the puppy with us.  Heard this was some of the best BBQ in NOLA.  Also.  They got collards on the menu.  I love collards.  My wife, she's addicted to 'em. Seriously.
They do theirs with Molasses.  A little sweeter than I'm used to but they were delicious.
She just had apps.  Medium helping of greens, small slaw (great), small beans (excellent), jambalaya (pretty good), and cornbread (excellent).
I had the brisket plate.  Very excellent flavor, great rub, many sauces to choose from. I chose Texas which is sweet with a little heat. Mmmm. Had greens and mac/cheese (very good) as my sides.
Place is in a brewery so millions of awesome choices o suds to wash down the BBQ.  Brisket = awesome.
Also, they're very dog friendly.
Recommended 4 sure.We got the platter to try everything.  It really is the way to go.  I thought the portions would be smaller since you get a little of everything for such a low price but no. Large portions and its the same price as getting 2 meals.
Conclusion is the mac n cheese and jambalaya are the only good sides.  The rest are way too sweet.  Oh and the coleslaw was decent. Vinegar based not mayo.  Mac n cheese was better than alot of places I've had.  Not decedant, rich, and creamy, but the baked mac kind.  Good balance of noodles and cheese and a nice little topping of breadcrums. 
The meat all had a decent amount of smokiness - not overpowering.  The ribs seemed dry.  The brisket was very fatty and dry.  Not sure how thats possible for brisket-usually super juicy.  The chicken and pork were good.  I like the variety of sauces to choose from and the explanation of them at each table is helpful.  
My favorite was the jambalaya.  "BBQ Jambalaya" may not seem like much and I really didnt know what to expect but it was very good.  They basically take a little of every meat they have left (even some mushrooms) and make jambalaya from it.  GENIUS! The result is a flavorful, smokey, meaty, jambalaya.  I could eat a bowl of just that. 
Mcclure's is a decent option for BBQ.McClures is the best BBQ going in Nola right now!   The meat, sides and sauces keep you dreaming about BBQ throughout the afternoon. The lunch set up is very simple and the food comes out within minutes.  The owner puts a lot of passion into his food and you can definitely taste it.If you're not salivating as soon as you step in the door of this place, you need to get cha nose checked out. I'm far from the biggest barbecue fanatic, but one can't ignore what the body tells you, mine was telling me to go H.A.M. on their menu and don't let up. Well (luckily) i've long since learned how to control my ever so present urge to allow my eyes to be larger than my stomach and helped myself to the cheese steak and a side of the four cheese macaroni.
I think it all lasted a solid two minutes. My friend told me about this place a while ago and said i'd love it and i should check it out. After months of passing by this spot i finally crashed in here after a little Sun-day drinking across the street at Le Bon Temps. I found the pricing to be fair, it could have possibly been that i felt that way because it was also the first thing i put on my stomach all day (aside from the beer-base) and contributed to it's short-lived table life. 
One thing's for sure, i will be back to try the ribs.Wow, best bbq I have eaten in years. Sauces are varied and all excellent. Its a little wierd to have two businesses occupy the same place, but this works. 1 bbq joint sharing the same space of a  beer joint. Went upstairs, it was empty and awkward... 1 burger and 1 order of 3 meats bbq --$35. A little high on the scale but it was very good. Beers are 4.50 - up.Hi, I'm Troy McClure! You might remember me from films such as Today We Kill, Tomorrow We Die and Gladys the Groovy Mule!
Today I'm here to review the restaurant that always reminds me of...me!
Atmosphere: small, cozy. Picnic table-style seating. Go to the counter, place your order. Sit and wait for a short time.
Food: Pulled pork, side of greens and coleslaw. All pretty good, nothing mind-blowing. The greens, sadly, seem to be inundated with far too much molasses. 
They are banking on the strength of their variety of BBQ sauces, listed in an unworthy fashion here: Texas, South Carolina, North Carolina, NOLA East, Alabama, and.. Pennsylvania? Virginia? I can't recall. But they are all good. No little sample cups, so you just gotta squirt it on the food. By the end, you'll have a little puddle of all the sauces combined, which could be seen as interesting, maybe.
So wait, why only three stars?
Well, we later in the week went to Whole Foods, meat dept. And the quality was amazing. The prices were cheaper! Cheaper! Whole Foods! When a market out-BBQ'S your BBQ, it's time to reassess what's really going on. Also, she got the brisket here, and claimed it looked like intestines. That's not good, right?
But yeah, the sauces are pretty good.This was the first thing we ate on our visit to New Orleans and it got us off to a great start. 
This place was a little bit out of the city and we needed a cab to get there but it was well worth it. It was obviously the place that the locals go and it had its own brewery.
The meat was served from a small window inside the ale house. It was absolutely perfect. We eat BBQ all the time in New York and always look for the highest quality. These guys were some of the best BBQ we ever ate. The pork and pork beans are not to be missed and the brisket was out of this world.
Thank you :)This is the one place we make sure and hit when we visit New Orleans! The owner and staff are awesome! They've won the best barbecue AND the best burger in the city and they were well deserved! 
This last trip, we ordered the All Meat, All Sides again. It's always a shocking amount of food for the price! If you're with a group and want to hit all the highlights, this is the play! One of the guys ordered it and between this being his meal and three of us tasting, we ate about a quarter of it! I just HAD to try a burger and the tacos, so I went that route. I got the bleu cheese and bacon burger served on a fresh Vietnamese roll and a brisket taco garnished with slaw. So good. It all tasted very fresh. The bun was a great compliment to the juicy burger! 
The place is very clean and they sell the softest shirts! Have some lunch, grab a shirt to rock, be happy.I was incredibly impressed with the quality of every dish I had at this place, especially the brisket and pulled pork. The sides were amazing and the sauce selection on the table made for a really cool flavor variety across the entire meal.  I will be visiting on every trip to the Big Easy!I'm a fan of McClure's. Is it as good as The Joint? I don't really know, as I don't consider myself a BBQ connoisseur.I will tell you I have had some good BBQ at both the flagship location and the new one inside NOLA Brewing. 
My latest visit to the taproom found me eating Pulled Pork Poutine over waffle fries. Yes, they were as delicious as they sound. I also got a side of coleslaw because I can say, without hesitation, that McClure's has the best damn vinegar-y coleslaw I've ever had.   I also loved the collard greens and found the smokiness of them to be pleasing both taste and smell-wise. I have sampled the brisket, pulled pork and sausage and was pleased with all of them. I like ribs, but have not had them here, but my 12 year old son loves them (see photo).
On my next trip, I'd like to sample a burger as I saw one come up on the pass that looked amazing. If they had peanut butter pie on the menu, I might be able to kick it up a star.If McClure's isn't the best BBQ in Nola, it's in the top 2-3 for sure. In addition to an awesome BBQ brunch menu with all your favorite BBQ dishes tailored for breakfast, their standard BBQ and sides are fantastic. Notable favorites are their wings, pulled pork (wow...), and ribs. Jambalaya is our favorite side. 
We've had no complaints with anything else we've tried but the above mentioned are consistently our favorites. Some of their sauces are solid while other's simply just aren't my style. Regardless, this has become our go to BBQ joint.Me & my husband wanted some bbq so we ventured to this spot. We both got 2 meats w/ 2 sides combo. The ribs & brisket I got were good & tender. My sides were molasses stewed greens & baked beans. I didn't really like the sides. Probably because they're different than what I'm used to. I also didn't realize it was a brewery too. Which was fine because they had non alcoholic drink options.My wife says they have the best Mac & Cheese she has ever had (she is a vegetarian so no meat for her).  I shared a 3 meat combo plate with my son.  We chose brisket, ribs and pulled pork.  Everything was very good. My son said it was the best pulled pork he has ever eaten.  I also appreciated having six different sauces available at the table to experiment with. They were also very good.  I would definitely go here again.I had the pleasure of eating at McClure's recently.  The dining area is quaint and I appreciate the attention to detail - the ceiling is painted pretty funky!  I had the pulled pork plate with cole slaw and beans.  I also sampled the mac and cheese and jambalaya sides as well as the chicken and brisket.  I did not have one thing that I wouldn't order again.  The meats were all very juicy and well seasoned.  I really appreciate all of the different bbq sauces available to try, they offer a variety of tastes you typically don't get.  BBQ in NOLA is a difficult feat with the abundance of seafood and cajun cooking, but McClure's is spot on.I recently moved into a new home. A neighbor stopped by to introduce himself, and to wecome us to the neighborhood. He seemed like a really nice guy, but suddenly I was blown away by how delicious he smelled. I mean, I was thinking about licking his neck. So, then he tells me that he owns McClure's BBQ on Magazine. I couldn't stop thinking about that smell, so we went there that same week. I can tell you that we have returned at least four times in just a few months, and we even bought a ton of deliciousness to have on hand for our Mardi Gras company. I am originally from Memphis, so my opinion about BBQ counts double. What they do to pork is genius. I don't have the proper words to say how perfect it is. I always get the pulled pork sandwich, which comes Memphis style, with slaw on top, and is placed on these buns that I've never had anywhere else. They have quite a few well thought out sauces. My fave is the Kansas City. The sides are fantastic, too. Especially the magical mac and cheese. My partner is addicted to their BBQ chicken salad. One of our Mardi Gras guests had to sneak in and have several midnight tastings of this stuff. I have been to several local BBQ places in our city over the years, with hope in my eyes, and have always been disappointed. McClure's is the real deal. We will be returning, a lot, and this little piggy is one happy hog!Come early. No ribs. No brisket. No jambalaya. No forks. No clean tables.  Potato salad would be good if wasn't soupy. Pulled pork lukewarm, not really pulled. Still had chunks but tender.  Seating is 8 picnic tables and singles bar.My fiancée and I shared the All Meats & All Sides ($18) plate, which included 4 meats (quarter chicken, ribs, pulled pork, and sausage -- they were out of brisket and gave us extra ribs) and 4 sides (mac & cheese, slaw, BBQ beans, and jambalaya).
MEATS:  Chicken was juicy and fell off the bone.  Ribs had good dry rub and great vehicles for testing all 6 of their sauces.  Pulled pork weren't overly fatty and surprisingly lean (yum!).  Got to go back to try their brisket now!
SIDES:  Slaw was mustard based and great to cut richness of the meats.  BBQ beans were sweet (not tangy) and delicious.  Jambalaya was so-so.  Mac & cheese was a classic - nothing unique but a great side nonetheless.
More than enough food for 2 people.  We had leftovers and dying to dig into them!
By far, some of the best barbecue we've tasted in New Orleans.I had been wanting to try McClure's since before the permanent location and I finally got around to it. My experience was okay and I feel that if I am in the area and want BBQ I will probably return again but I won't go out of my way to pay them a visit.
K and I ordered the All Meat and All Sides, which I think is a great deal. You get to sample everything and the portion is pretty generous as well.
I was most impressed with the chicken, which was very moist. I know smoking is the way to go for tenderness with chicken, but still. I didn't expect it to be that good. Other meats were fine. Not particularly memorable.
My favorite sides were the jambalaya and the beans. The collard greens were interesting but too sweet for my taste. I didn't find the macaroni to be mind blowing. Potato salad was okay and the slaw was interesting.
Somebody mentioned that they have a bunch of sauces but none of them is that good, and I unfortunately agree. I understand that BBQ sauces is one those things where you can't just do one well, because people have different preferences, but I didn't really care for any one of them.
Boo Koo remains my favorite BBQ spot. I love the nachos!Ribs good, the pulled pork was the last of that's day's batch and a bit dry and grisly. They really should just say "sorry, we're out."  Sides were good. The sauces were good with one exception. P spent much of her life in Alabama and ate a lot of barbeque there and has no idea where they got the idea that people make barbecue sauce with a mayonnaise base in Alabama.SO delicious! Had the pulled chicken sandwich with a side of macaroni and cheese, my boyfriend had the brisket with coleslaw, Mac and cheese and cornbread. Tried every type of barbecue sauce (they have 6) and our favorites were Kansas City and Nola east. Highly recommend this amazing little gem!!So glad to have a pitmaster uptown who is passionate about his craft! I have now tried it all at least twice and it is a welcome addition to fine dining !! Great job Neal!!Have been eyeing this place since it opened and I must say, it was worth the wait. It's a small restaurant but makes up for its size in the flavor of the food. You order at the counter and your food is made to order and then brought to your table. Service here is great and the staff is friendly and efficient at what they do.
The food is the best reason to come though. With seven different barbecue sauces, five different meat options and combo plates, you can't go wrong no matter what you decide. Their sides are also pretty tasty. I had the molasses stewed collard greens and fell in love with their sweet taste. The brisket was so tender and the ribs were falling off the bone. 
If you're looking for a barbecue place to have a good meal and get decent sized portions for your money, come to McClure's.  You won't regret it!Great BBQ spot. I had the pulled pork plate and it was delicious. They have several types of sauce including Memphis, Kansas
City, Eastern North Carolina, South Carolina and Texas. I'm a BBQ snob and this place does it right. Will defiantly be going back.I for the most part like this place and the meat quality is pretty good.  The only reason why I give it 3 stars is because the BBQ sauce is very runny much like the consistency water.  I maybe a little hard on the place with my 3 star rating, however, for me the sauce makes the BBQ what it is.  The service is good and location convenient.  If they would just thicken up the sauce I'd give it a 5 star rating.best deal:  All meats + All sides.  This enough for 2 people to share for lunch.  They have 6 different BBQ sauces to try.  My fave was the East NOLA.  Bring a big appetite!We went in on a Tuesday night, not crowded at all. Ordered the platter for 2 so we could try a bit of everything. The portions were good size but they were out of chicken so we got extra pulled pork. Food came in a timely fashion but unfortunately it was all lukewarm or downright cold. The sauces provided on the tables sounded interesting but the containers were greasy and probably had not been wiped down or refilled in days. Ewww. Skipped the sauces. The collard greens had the most flavor and were delicious, the mac n cheese would have been much better if it were hot. Meats were passable but nothing extraordinary. Probably won't go back.Pulled pork and sauces were awesome. As for the sides, I was very unimpressed--potato salad was just potatoes and mustard, Mac and cheese tasted funky, and the beans were very bland. I may go back again, could've just been a bad day for them.Met the owner years ago when he ran Dante's FOH. He is a true pit master and competes annually in Memphis. Here he flexes BOH skills as he is dedicated to true pit life- a "pit master".  Very visible and listens to feedback and reacts accordingly.
Ribs, pulled pork, sides and various sauces all outstanding! Coming back for brisket next trip as we heard neighboring diners unmistakable stark brisket raving.
No beer or tv yet which would have polevaulted it to 6 stars as we were there on college football opening day, the restaurant is in early infancy but sure to be a star!This is the best BBQ I have ever had. I shared the "All meat & All Sides" Tray with my brother and it was the perfect size for two people. Everything was great, the ribs, pulled pork, chicken, and sides. 
I will be back, many more times.While Uptown, I had an opportunity to try McClure's since so much had been made of it. Was disappointed they were out of brisket at the noon hour, but the counter said they just filled a large take out order. They were also out of Pulled Pork so I settled for the Rib plate. All I can say is these were the BEST ribs I have had in some time.
Perfectly done with a wonderful smoked flavor and well barked with a savory rub. McClure's serves St Louis style ribs and they don't "fall off the bone", but rather provide a wonderful,moist,tender bite. Paired with the Kansas City sauce (one of 6 different regional sauces), it was just short of fantastic. 
Sides were the Spicy Sweet Cole Slaw and Pork&Pork&Beans. Neither blew me away. 
Would have gotten 5 stars,except for shortage of brisket and rather average sidesLook out the Joint, there might be room for two fantastic BBQ places in NOLA. I have been to many places in the area and this would be my first choice. My only complaint is no liquor license. The red beans and rice, jumbalaya, mac and cheese, and potato salad are all phenominal. My recommendation is to bring two or three other people and split the all meats and all side platter.McClure's is solid BBQ.
Many yelpers like to pontificate about their BBQ credentials when writing reviews. I'm sure their vast experience eating baby back ribs from Chili's qualifies them as some sort of expert, but for me, none of that matters. I am no expert, but when I want BBQ I want my meat cooked slow and low with lots of smoke. McClure's BBQ fits that criteria and does it pretty well.
Here are the items I have had and what I think about each one:
Brisket - For me, this is the bellwether of any BBQ joint. McClure's version was smoky, tender and had pretty good bark.
Ribs - The ribs are very smokey and have just the right firmness to the meat. I know many people like their meat "falling off of the bone", but that is not indicative of legit BBQ. The ribs may be my favorite item on the menu.
Chaurice - If you're not aware of chaurice, you need to be. Chaurice is Louisiana's version of chorizo and this spicy sausage is phenomenal when smoked. This may be my second favorite item on their menu.
Brisket cheese steak - I do not like normal Philly style cheese steak sandwiches, but the addition of smoked brisket with melted cheese and peppers make for a great sandwich. This sandwich does not lend itself to being a to-go item because the bread gets soggy, but I'd definitely order it if I ate inside.
Sauces - The mustard based sauce is phenomenal. Dip the chaurice in this sauce and you will dream of that combination. It is among my favorite BBQ sauces I've ever tried.
Sides - The creole potato salad and macaroni are my favorite. In particular the potato salad is spicy and creamy and I highly recommend it.
I think McClure's has some of the best BBQ that I've had in the city. I still think Nola Smokehouse has them beat, and it remains my favorite, but if they're not open, or sold out, I'd recommend Mc'Clure's.If the Joint isn't open this place is not a good alternative. The meat was all fat. The guy working the counter was moody not that that would prevent me from eating good food but it accentuated the lackluster experience. Damn you joint damn you and your xmas vacation!!!This was my first trip to McClure's, and while it won't be my last I will be more careful with what I order. For take-out one Sunday I got a pound each of the pulled pork and the brisket, and a pint each of the potato salad, cole slaw, mac and cheese, and jambalaya. Yes it was to be enjoyed during a Saints game. The only thing to be enjoyed during most of the Saints games this year.
The pulled pork and brisket were great. We were able to sample the assorted sauces while we waited for our order to be assembled. Would love to eat at the restaurant so I can experiment a little more with the sauces and meats. But we chose the Kansas City and Texas sauces. Everyone liked the Kansas City the best.
The sides were less thrilling. The potato salad was swimming in sauce and so was more like chunky soup than potato salad. The flavor was okay. The mac and cheese suffered from weak cheeses. They were all so mild that there was not much flavor. Going up against barbecue you would think maybe a sharp cheddar or something along those lines would be good. The cole slaw should have been labeled celery slaw as that was all we tasted. Plus it was dry, very little dressing. Like the concept but the execution was lacking. Finally the jambalaya is listed as barbecue jambalaya on the menu and I heard the man behind the register explaining to another customer that  they used the smoked meats in it. While this was our favorite of the sides I expected more after seeing barbecue jambalaya on the menu. Next time I guess I'll just add some sauce to it.
Finally, the menu board said they had a caramel coffee bread pudding, or something along those lines, and being a bread pudding fiend I had to get some. It was not good. No sauce and it not very sweet. Plus it had crumbles on top that were a mystery to all. Were they supposed to be there? They weren't sweet either so we scraped them off.
Overall, the meats were really good, next time I'll try the greens and pork and beans for sides, and avoid dessert.The disproportionate size of the Dong Phuong bun to the meat was a surprise, but somehow this burger still managed to work. It was like something dad threw on a really hot grill, and had lots of char and smoke--one of the crustiest burgers I've ever had in a restaurant. The smoked onions were a terrific compliment, and the quality of the bun is worth overlooking the size. The amount of char is a tradeoff of tenderness, but serious burger lovers should check this one out.McClure's BBQ is a relatively new spot in Uptown New Orleans. The ribs are outstanding with a nice sweet/savory rub. The sausage is good, but a bit greasy (understandably so since it is a LA sausage). The brisket has a good smokey flavor. 
I recommend the pork and beans and collard greens (which is unusual coming from me) as sides. The Mac and cheese is fine. Their cornbread is sweeter than expected. 
The sauces are great. It's hard to recommend one because you need to try them all to find the one you like. 
The ambiance is very southern/New Orleans. Nothing terribly fancy, which is what you'd expect. 
So why 4 out of 5? It's good bbq, but if you're from a BBQ-heavy area this won't blow you away. That said, why would you be in New Orleans eating BBQ in the first place?My husband wasn't even hungry as we stumbled across this place. Yet he found the will to put down a rib plate with jambalaya and cole slaw. Great ribs and the mustard bbq sauce complimented it well - ribs were a bit small, but good flavor and juicy. Jambalaya was also nicely made, just enough spice.Fantastic and tasty BBQ at a reasonable price and inside the Nola brewery.  This combination is amazing; you get local great beer with many selections while enjoying excellent BBQ.
We ordered the ribs, always our favorites, and fried chicken, special of the day along with few sides, all were great, tasty and amazing flavors.
One of the best BBQ spots in all of NOLA and a great brewery to go with it...Talk about great BBQ...this is the place. 
Two of us shared the 'All Meats, All Sides'. Advertised for two but to be honest three could eat off it. Pulled pork, brisket, chicken and ribs plus collards, slaw, Mac n cheese, jambalaya, potato salad, and pork and beans. Six fantastic sauces, each unique and tasty. And great value!  BBQ is always expensive but this was four meats and six sides; $32 was a great deal.McClure's is a bona fide bonanza of brilliant BBQ.
 I was there for lunch today, for the umpteenth time this month. I was warmly greeted by the owner, Troy, whom I love. I fondly remembered him from such meals as: Yesterday's Lunch, The Day Before That and Other Times I Ate There. Sadly though, Alice doesn't live anymore.So this is my first time trying McClure's at the Nola Taproom. It will be my last. 
I was lucky and a bit spoiled when McClure's first opened their previous spot on Magazine, Literally steps from my house. Loved it. Space had a great atmosphere, service was great and food was great. Eat in was a treat since they had all the sauces available at the table. I usually got food to go, but loved the dine in experience.
Fast forward to now, the Magazine space is no longer and they are apparently focused (or not so) on the taproom partnership with Nola Brewing. The food seems to have taken a hit. It was still pretty good. The brisket was okay, the sausage was great, and the sides left a lot to be desired. Beans tasted old and the mac and cheese had less flavor than something out of a box. My wife got the chicken cordon blue which she said was good, but maybe had 4 ozs of chicken when advertising for 8 ozs. 
But even if the food gets a pass, the service was unforgivable. Awful is putting it nicely. As we attempted to put our order in several times there was some obvious unrest in the kitchen and we uncomfortably waited for the argument to settle down to finally give our order. The person taking our order offered no apologies for having to wait while he told his coworker that he hated working with him and dropping some f bombs on him along the way.
Now to make it even worse, the setup is awful. There is no system to get people in or out of the process to pick up or order food, just sort of a chaotic fend for you self system of a cluster f&$k. And adding insult to injury you are only able to order drinks at the bars, we were just having tea and apparently this insulted the bartender and was told that there is a $10 minimum on credit card orders. Well hello we just spent $50 at the food window. So we opted for the free water at the door.
So maybe with the redesign and a staff change or training it could get better, but I will never know.My favorite thing to eat at Mcclures is pulled pork with Cole slaw.  I eat both I'm the same bite.  The textual combination is most satisfying. The slaw is vinegar based, not a heavy mayo slaw.  The pork is tender and smoky and delicious.  They pair amazingly. All the sides are good and a bit different team the norm, a refreshing experience in the bbq world.  The mac and cheese is very good, beans are different but awesome. 
They also offer bite sized desserts, baked in-house and at very reasonable prices and portions. 
My husband and I often split all meats and all sides.  It's a great deal and you get to try everything.  It's a must for first time visitors.  We like to save the chicken and make smoked chicken paninis for lunch the next day.I didn't know what to expect from this place, as a coworker suggested we go there.  I had lunch there last week and, just, oh my gosh.  I had no expectations, but when we got there, we were greeted by a very friendly owner and seated among strangers who became friends.  That's right, it's family-style.  
I cannot begin to talk about the chicken. It was amazing.  Just amazing.  I'm not normally a fan and only got a piece because of the family style, but wow.  It was tender and flavorful.  I also really, really liked the ribs and the brisket.
But let's focus, if we can, on the mac and cheese.  I feel as though, based on my indulgence over the last 20+ years, I'm a connoissuer.  It's ridiculously good, to the point where I'm likely to see if the owner will sell me a catering dish for my next pot luck.
Not sure how well the family style experience is going to work out long term, but I suppose it's a good way to get the product out to everyone at this point.
All in all, great experience for a great price.  Would recommend.We went to McClure's BBQ because we had heard from so many people how great it was and how they may shut down due to the neighbors. Well...let me just list it out for you.
Pros:
- Mac and Cheese was good
- Ambiance was ok,
- Staff was nice.
Cons:
- Meat was under cooked. Rib meat should be falling off the bone. 
- Mustard Greens were so under cooked you could barely eat them. They were also not chopped up so you had to cut them with a knife.
- Jambalaya was so spicy you could barely eat it.
- Cole Slaw tasted like cabbage with creole mustard in it. Could have been better.
- The music was so loud I had to scream to my husband who was sitting two feet from me.
- The BBQ sauces were so watery they didn't stick to anything.
- It was expensive!I got a delicious pulled pork sandwich from these guys on parade day. It was served on a Duong Phong bakery bun, which was yummy in its own right and a choice of sides. I went with the collard greens, which were good. The sandwich was large and had a lot of meat on it. I went with a little bit of the North Carolina sauce but it didn't really need it. 
Because it was the season, they were selling Duong Phong king cakes by the cake and by the slice. I got a slice of king cake later on and you can't go wrong with that. They don't have alcohol there but there is a bar across the street and they don't mind if you BYOB. I'm generally not a BBQ person but enjoyed my sandwich very much.Best BBQ I've ever had. Split the three meat with my husband and tried the pork, brisket, and sausage. All were delicious. For sides, we had pork and beans, mac & cheese, and coleslaw. Again, all great. Mac and cheese was a little salty for me, and the beans were not as sweet as I'm used to, but really good. The coleslaw was really good, but again, not what I'm used to, so I didn't eat much.The smoked cuban was really good. My wife had the mushroom melt and didn't think it was very good. She also had the mac and cheese and thought it was "fine". So stick to the meat here and don't try to feed any vegetarians here.My buddy and I had a few hours to kill before our flight left New Orleans so we decided to walk around the garden district and ended up at NOLA Brewing Co. for a beer. As an added bonus they had McClure's BBQ serving up food inside the tap room. I was thrilled since I hadn't been able to try any BBQ during my stay in the city. I ordered the 3 meat combo with two sides but unfortunately they were already out of both the ribs and the sausage so I settled for brisket, chicken, and burnt ends (which weren't on the menu). They were also out of their Mac n cheese which was a bummer. My buddy ordered the poutine with pulled pork. Both meals were delicious. I almost docked a star for them running out of food by 3:00 pm but that must mean that the ribs, sausage, and mac n cheese are that good and based on what I had, I would imagine that is the case. This was some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Definitely recommend.This was our second visit to McClure's and, sorry to say, it will be our last.We arrived on a Saturday just after 1PM. There were tables available. My wife ordered the chopped brisket sandwich and I ordered the two meat combo with ribs and brisket We were given an electronic pager then we went to our table.When the pager went off I went to pick up our order. Only then was I told that they were out of ribs. There was one rib on the plate. They told me they had given me extra brisket. They were 4 slices of brisket. The rib was dry and tough. You had to gnaw it. But the brisket was close to inedible; dry, tough. You couldn't cut it with the plastic knife and fork available. I had to pick up the slices and pull bite-size pieces apart with my teeth. A quarter of my wife's brisket sandwich was left on her plate. There were huge chunks of fat, just fat, on the roll.  I showed it to the kitchen. They asked if I wanted something else. What I wanted was someone in the kitchen to give a damn. That sandwich, the rib and the brisket should never have gone out in the first place.  BTW, on our first visit the music, controlled by Nola Brewing, not McClure's, was so objectionable one couple left and I had to ask that they change it. The F-bomb was blaring out of the speakers every other line. This is NOLA. So many other, better, choices.Very good. Although I've yet to try much everything, everything I have had has been outstanding. I would agree with other people's review's who say stay with the pork. Only con is that its a little cramped. The mac and cheese was amazing alsoHad a fabulous lunch at Mclures today - New Brunswick stew with smoked chicken, cornbread and a drink for $10. I had enough leftover for dinner! Now that's a deal anyway you look at it. Also had them cater a work event last week and it was awesome. LOVE their greens, sausage and pulled pork. The ribs aren't my fave but I'm willing to work around those for sure! Too many other delicious option ls to dwell!!This was by far the best bbq I've eaten in new orleans! Moist & extremely delicious!! The jambalaya was really good but the potato salad had a bit too much creole mustard for us. I highly reccommend stopping in! Really a great meal.