- had meat and cheese plate. beautiful plate but only 1 cheese.  should be meat and A cheese plate.
-ambiance romantic and nice.
-staff very friendly.
- would go againThis was by far the best food I ate in New Orleans while there for a work trip.  Everything was perfectly cooked or uncooked depending on what you order.  It is a wonderful French restaurant with all the classics and some that have a twist.  The atmosphere was nice but it definitely got crowded fast and we had reservations, so I would definitely recommend reservations.  We had radishes with butter that were simple and delicious, escargot in bone marrow, beef tartare, pork belly & crispy scallops, roasted vegetable salad, the hanger steak au poivre, and possibly a couple other things that I can't quite remember.  We shared this among 4 people and we all had wonderful things to say about the food.  I was especially impressed by the flavor in the beef tartare.  I recently went to Paris and had so much beef tartare you would think I would have burst but this version of tartare topped the list.  You must go here if you are in town and looking for legit French food.  Great wine too!This place was really great. It had a trendy, intimate feel to it. The staff was great - very welcoming and helpful. The food came in perfect portions and everyone in my group loved their entrees and the cocktails were fantastic.
The only reason I'm not giving them five stars is because they were very slow. I wouldn't recommend going here if you are in a rush or have somewhere to be immediately after. But if you have time to sit and enjoy great food and ambiance, this is your place.After a lacklustre dinner the previous night at a "big-name" NOLA restaurant, I was wondering if local cooking was on the decline, spiralling down into tourist-pleasing and reputation-riding. My partner's brother lives on Esplanade and recommended Meauxbar... it was friendly, intelligently suggesting, unafraid to discuss the cuisine and just plain tasty!  Restored my faith that there are still excellent restaurants out there in NOLA.  The scallops and pork belly were perfectly complemented on their plate, the hanger steak left my mouth happy, the pecan old-fashioned was fun and quirky.  I couldn't try it (mushroom allergy) but my partner's crab and mushroom toast left her raving as well. 
I plan to return, sometime when I'm back in town.  And Meauxbar has restored my faith in the local culinary scene...This place is 5 stars all around. The location (close enough to the French Quarter but not in the thick of it), the ambiance, and - most of all - the food. We started with the burrata and basically licked the plate clean. I ordered the fish amandine as my main and could not stop commenting that it may be the best dish I've eaten...ever! The flavor is insane. I highly recommend a stop here if you're in NOLA. In a city where great food is the norm, this is a star. Yum!Solid three stars. Not a bad place, but not absolutely spectacular.  Small plates are very small. Large plates are enough but not generous. Definitely not a place if you are hungry.  We enjoyed our dinner and the atmosphere enough. But there are more interesting and delicious places in NO. Meauxbar felt like a touristy place that attracted by its odd menu. If we come back it would be for a creme brûlée with French 75 before a play/concert.A little fancy for my taste. The fries were great though with this pepper sauce to dip. My friend got gnocchi and was disappointed in the portion size and another friend got the cheese plate and said the chick peas were salty but other than that successful dinner. Friendly staff.Best restaurant in town for me so far (I've been to about 15... so not a total expert). Wow. Pork belly cooked to perfect crisp and sweetness, scallops seared just right and subtly flavored, pork chop to die for. Can't wait to go back.Oh my gosh!  You have to go there and order the Black Drum almandine!  Absolutely the best dish ever!  Wish we had more time in NOLA to go again!The food was good. The service... Not so much. I found a piece of plastic in my buttermilk drop Donut... of significant size. It was the best doughnut I had had all weekend. You would think when you find a piece a plastic in your donut service may be a little beyond standard. But instead I was responded to as if it is common to find pieces of plastic in your doughnut and how dare you bring it to the attention of anybody when service at a high demand. They didn't even comp the bill...We tried this restaurant on our visit and were fortunate to be here for restaurant week. The Burrata was so good, the grilled
Fish amandine with butter and hangar steak were also very good.Those Parmesan fries were so delicious!  Overall great food and service!Meauxbar was amazing! We started with the fried oysters and the rice flour they were fried in made them so light. The waiter made wonderful recommendations. We all had the catch of the day and it was the best fish we'd ever eaten! It's a small venue, so make reservations but it's off the beaten path so less people know about it.The goat cheese tart needed to be served warmer. The fish on top was a very unwelcoming jarring flavor. The escargot had too much herbsaint cooked into it leaving a bitter flavor. I ordered the creme brûlée and asked just to do 1 scoop of gelato, but unfortunately "they don't do that." The creme brûlée was too big and too sweet. After seeing that I had only eaten one scoop of gelato, the manager adjusted the price to 4 dollars, which is still way over priced for such a small scoop. Service (Ben) and ambiance was great, but management could use some improvement.Definitely outstanding. My husband discovered this place because he helped a member of the wait staff who had a flat tire in our neighborhood. He visited the restaurant soon after, ate at the bar, and told me I would love it, so we were there again the next night. 
We ordered small plates, and everything was excellent. All of the servers were helpful with suggestions. Our selections included lovely sweetbreads, pork belly and scallops, a salad with peaches and crabmeat. The pork belly was delicious, unctuous but with crisp edges. This was several weeks ago and the seasonal menu has since changed, so some of these items are no longer on the menu. We eagerly anticipate returning and sampling the new offerings.What a great non NOLA dining experience. been coming here for 40 years and nothing like it.Stacy was great. Food was great. Noise level and background music just right. 
This place deserves to be busier.
Will recommend to anyone i know visiting NOLA.We had not been her before and decided to try it during restaurant week.  We all had the special menu and everything was delicious.  We really enjoyed the freshness and the different twist on area favorites like red fish or burrata.  In addition to the food the unique cocktail and wine list provided the perfect accompaniment to a terrific meal.  I would be remiss if I did not mention the wonderful staff.  They were friendly, provided expert guidance on the menu and worked together to ensure we had a great meal.OMG! My husband and I had dinner at Meauxbar not just one night but two nights in a row because it was such a pleasant dining experience! The staff was amazing, very personable, knowledgeable and fun! The menu is creative and artistically executed, melding flavors and textures of combinations that you don't see in our area, (San Francisco). The staff is amazing!! I wasn't fortunate enough to get all the names of the friendly and accommodating staff, but 3 stand out. Meet Pearl, the hostess with the mostest. Her big smile and personality shines. (Love her fashion combos).  Rochelle, our server on the first night, provided excellent suggestions on the menu including cocktails and wine.  She is a sweetheart. We had dinner with Chris tonight who is a polished and very personable server. Chris wrote down suggestions for us to complete our stay in New Orleans. We want to take them all home with us!  a great recommendation, check it out!So after dining in NYC Michelin star restaurants, I am happy to claim that this is a true gem and Michelin standard restaurant!  Worth the wait, and every bite is heavenly!!Meaxbar was the final stop of a foodie weekend in NOLA.  My sister highly recommended we make the trek to Rampart for this local gem.  We made reservations and were very glad we did.  It was a Monday evening and when we were wrapping up at 8pm the place was packed.
The staff was very attentive and clearly committed to their establishment and making sure the customers were happy.  They even brought me a pair of reading glasses to read the menu!
The place has bit of a hipster Booklyn vibe that we have never seen in New Orleans and I mean that in a good way!
We enjoyed everything on the menu.  Eclectic and very satisfying.This place has a great atmosphere. The menu is a mix of New Orleans cousine from fresh crepes, to biscuits and gravy, to yak-a-mein (thick beef stew). It has a great mimosa deal of $22/per person with entree. You will not be disappointed.Great way to celebrate with style and elegance in NOLA. Certainly not a tourist trap. Upon entry you are greated by very friendly front of house  staff. The lighting is romantic and the environs elegant while trendy. We had a dedicated server as we were there for a party. His recommendations were helpful and his service efficient. 
Started with lagniappe of sweet potato waffles fries, fried in butter, kid you not. Followed by roasted chickpeas (I think). Both were delicious nibbles while we waited for food. Don't forget to look at the signature cocktails before hitting the well selected wine list. 
Our drinks had everything from rye to absinthe to pisco. Each very different  from the other but exceptional. The Loire white was perfectly crispy and minerally to pair with dinner as was the medium bodied red (beverage service was good, hence can't remember much more...) 
A few must tries: gnocchi which tasted of fall, the brisket grilled cheese and the scallops. All well seasoned and delicious. Save room for dessert, you will not be disappointed in the chocolate cake (it has a better name than that.,,). 
Check this place out, you won't be disappointed.We came here for desserts and cocktails. Wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!  To be honest, I can't even pronounce what we ate, but it was freaking amazing!!!  The bartender made us drinks based on our preferences, and they were amazing!!  I can't wait to come back for actual dinner!!!Sorry Tom Fitzmorris, this place is good but not 4 Fleur de lis good.  Had the escargot.  Very good but not excellent. Same for the hanger steak with fries. The service was excellent however.  Total 46 plus tip. Recommended.Everything was delish as always!
I was celebrating my birthday and was able to toast some champs with the chef, Kristen, who has been one of my absolute favorite chefs in the city since she and her staff were at Ste. Marie.
Kristen and the staff are the reasons we will follow wherever life takes them!  A bit stalkerish, maybe, but I'm a huge fan!
We had a variety of food including sweetbreads (amazing), pork belly & scallops (double amazing), french fries (can't go wrong here), meauxbar salad (fresh, light and wonderful), oyster pan roast (can I please have more?), bolognese (perfect) and maybe my favorite, french onion grilled cheese.
Everything was perfectly cooked.  The waitstaff, as usual, was amazing and very accommodating. 
I am always impressed by Chef Kristen's creations and will be visiting Meauxbar as often as I can.We went all small plates for our dinner and they were terrific! The sweetbreads were the best I've had. The escargot in bone were tender and perfectly seasoned. The scallop and pork belly was Amazing!! The cocktails were dangerously good. We also had the chicken pâté, which was rich and wonderful...the beets on top were a little much so we just delicately scraped them off. The vibe was trendy but casual, the service was good.Everything was phenomenal. We went to eat 5 days after they reopened back up with the crew from Ste. Marie. The service was very attentive but not stuffy and all the food was delicious and so carefully put together. 
Had the tartare, tradiontional with a twist very good. All entrees looked very appetizing. I can speak for the chicken farci and lamb loin both ridiculously good.
Go on a limb and try the sweetened goat cheese for dessert you will thank me.For some reason I thought Meauxbar would be a quality restaurant given the nice rating on Yelp. That was not my experience AT ALL. I felt it was a bar with a eclectic menu. 
First of all, I felt out of place and even worse I brought my little niece. The clientele looked to consist of mid-20 year olds. There is nothing wrong with that whatsoever, but it looked like a frat/sorority hangout that specialized in bottomless mimosas. 
In addition, the service seemed to be seemed to be lacking. The bartender had to make our non-alcoholic iced tea to order, causing us to be  drinkless for long periods of time. I felt like the staff was more interested in getting the young adults drunk than being attentive to non-drinking customers. I felt terrible for my niece. We drove over an hour for a quality restaurant, and I picked this?!? Oh well, live and learn.
I will say the watermelon, tomato, and crab salad is absolutely DELIGHTFUL. Everything else we ordered was less than par. Not only was there a prolonged time between drinks, our food took forever to receive. 
We went for brunch on Saturday. I wish we would have went for dinner, but I do not plan to go back. 
If you are one of the "cool kids" around mid-20 maybe this is the place for you. If you want a quality dinning experience with good food and/or good service, then stay away.Four and a half really.
A friend who lives in NOLA suggested Meauxbar and we loved it.
I booked on Open Table with a comment and the maitre'd welcomed us and mentioned it.
So nice.
The food was delicious. The tomatoes in the special salad tasted like....real tomatoes. We also enjoyed the escargots in marrow (yum), the duck, the fish of the day almondine and two desserts...the chocolate cake and the mint mousse. The latter knocked me out..served with sugared cucumber which sounds strange but was just amazing.
Good martinis and wine, too.
It would be five stars but our server seemed just a little behind the eight ball. Not enough
to take away the good vibes but just not up to the rest of the experience. A minor quibble to be sure.Amazing food, great ambience. Try the snails in bone marrow.I dine out alone a lot and have a habit of just showing up at some of the most popular restaurants without a reservation. I do this because, I don't mind being seated at the bar. Normally it is a win-win situation. For the restaurant, I don't tie up a table and for me, I'm still able to enjoy a fabulous meal. 
When I showed up at Meauxbar, I was surprised how small it was and got a little worried that my normal plan may not work. However, the host was very accommodating. He had a two top table available and wouldn't need it till 8:30 PM for a reservation. That gave me one hour and forty-five minutes - that is more then enough time for me. 
Prior to my arrival, I had studied the menu and knew what I wanted. I started off with a "snack" of; Brussels Sprout Pan Roast. These small sized sprouts were done perfectly. They were soft, but yet had a snap, crunch to them for freshness. Sprouts are my #2 favorite veggie so I order them when ever they are offered on a menu. These were the absolute best that I had in New Orleans. 
My large plate was the, Hanger Steak Au Poivre with Parmesan Frites. The steak was tender and prepared to requested temp. It also was seasoned perfectly, allowing the natural flavor of the steak to shine. My frites were thin, crisp and had fresh shavings of Parmesan on top. No ketchup was needed for these frites. The combination of this hanger steak and frites made for an exquisite meal. 
I had no room for dessert, I was stuffed. I finished in plenty of time and thanked the host for making room for me. My server was delightful and the bartender allowed me to charge my phone behind the bar. Top-notch customer service all around. I loved Meauxbar. 
When: August 27, 2016
Why: DinnerA very cute, cozy restaurant.
The staff was very friendly and helpful. I actually made a reservation but had to cancel because of a delayed flight and they were more than accommodating and understanding.
They also gave us free sparkling wine to help us celebrate our anniversary.
The food was good, but the decor and staff brought it to 4 stars for me.
Now on to the food!
-The escargot ($13) was bland and should have been seasoned more. There was a slight bitter taste to them too. I didn't like it.
-The Meauxbar salad ($8)was dressed nicely, but the cheese was very strong.
-The pork belly with scallops ($14) was probably my favorite dish that we had. The scallops were cooked well, and the pork belly had a nice sear and the two paired well together.
-The beef tartare ($13) was overall good, nothing out of the ordinary.
We asked the server to course out the food for us so we didn't get everything all at once, and we got the salad and escargot first then the scallops and beef tartare. I would have preferred getting the tartare and salad first. But oh well.
We also asked the flavors of the gelato and sorbet for dessert and we asked if we could get both (as in mix and match), but we were given a serving of each. Don't get the olive oil gelato or lemon sorbet. The gelato tasted like olive oil that had been used to cook something already, and the lemon sorbet was way too tart.
Overall, maybe we ordered the wrong dishes, but I would go back based on the atmosphere and potential that I saw in the dishes I liked.I've been here before and loved the ambiance, but this was my first time with new chef Kristen. Robert, one of the owners, was there and a very gracious  host. We tried the beet salad (good), and sampled the hangar steak, the bolognese and the lamb loin. My favorite was the bolognese, unexpectedly crunchy and delectable. When we tasted our wine we felt, and the maitre d' agreed, that it may have turned. He substituted a better bottle at the same price. Overall a terrific experience. Valet parking in that neighborhood would help.Stopped in for an early dinner with my whole family of 6 and we were very impressed. It's a smaller seating area but there were a few tables that could accommodate 6 people. The service was prompt and friendly and the food was delicious! I also enjoyed a cocktail from the. bar that was a bit heavy on the rum for my tastes but was interesting nevertheless. My main was the smoked duck which was well seasoned and had excellent sides. My father got the steak which came with amazing thick ripple cut chips with cheese. An excellent choice for a date or large group of friends or family.Absolutely phenomenal. We had our weekly date night here and I could not have been happier. Well, thats not true - I would have loved a glass of cabernet sauvignon, but unfortunately it's only available by the bottle. 
We ordered the French fries and roille, beef tartar, moules amd frites, the French onion grilled cheese, and the creme brulee. Fantastic. Everything was fantastic.We only stopped in here for light nosh and cocktails, but it was spectacular. The tomatoes with tarragon lemon yogurt were incredible, and the bartender was amusing, knowledgeable and attentive. He mixed up custom cocktails and old classics without missing a beat. The vibe is trendy, but it's also comfortable and friendly.Outstanding !  For me and my tastes and stomach size...an excellent value with properly sized (non-Midwest) portions !
Slight snafu with getting wines on time with plates being delivered....but stuff like this you laugh off when everything else is done so well.
Excellent espresso which is never a given and is often an oversight in most restaurants.
Close enough to the theaters without being so close ya can't get a seat.Service good.  Ambiance good.  Food really good.  Beef tar tar and scallops were delicious!  Bf really liked the hanger steak.  Cool little restaurant with a nice bar inside.As a 30-year resident of the French Quarter, this is the first time a restaurant has ever, ever, ever "lost" our reservations for a Saturday night table of 6. Needless to say, our night was ruined. Inexcusable.Needs a little "meaux" work on the menu.
We were here about a week ago on a Thursday and had early reservations, in fact we were the first people in the restaurant at about 6:00 pm.  
Atmosphere:  It's beautiful inside, I love the look of the bar, the tile work, the lighting, and the intimacy of the restaurant.  The high ceilings keep the noise level down even though there are quite a few tables in a somewhat small space.  it doesn't feel cramped and has a very modern feel to it even though the decor is classic french cafe.
Before going into our disappointments, I will say that the presentation of the food was beautiful. 
It was pretty hit or miss for us on the food, mostly miss. The beet salad with satsuma was absolutely delicious.  The tartness of the satsuma complimented the smokiness of the goat cheese and the toasted pumpkin seed added a nice texture.  The sweetbreads were cooked perfectly and the grits were delicious. However, the onion marmalade was too sweet and overpowered the flavor of the sweetbreads completely.  I felt there were too many items on the menu that played with sweet and savory and missed the mark because of that.  The sweet was always overpowering the savory.  Don't get me wrong, when sweet savory works together it is amazing (salted caramel, e.g.), but there has to subtlety in the use of the sweet (especially with savory entrees like sweetbreads and pate) or it becomes heavy handed and detracts from the dish.  We ended up scraping the marmalade off and eating the dish that way, but in my opinion it should have been served that way or at least substantially reduce the sweetness or amount of the marmalade.  This was also evident with the pate.  The pate comes with a "roasted beet caviar."  Sounds savory doesn't it?  Well, it's basically beet jam.  This would have been fine also except the chef spreads the pate and beet jam on the house made bread before it gets to the table.  The pate was delicious but the "beet caviar" made it so sweet you couldn't taste it and it was slathered on top (about twice as much "caviar" as pate.) I scraped the beet jam off and the pate was delicious.  I would suggest that in the future they make this entree more of a charcuterie board presentation and let the guests assemble the pate and caviar to their own desired pallet.
The goat cheese tart was a real disappointment.  First I don't think it was a tart.  I may be misremembering, but it seemed more like a thinly sliced bread than a delicate, buttery tart. Of course, maybe it was a tart but being served at room temperature ruined that for me. It was slathered in cold caramelized onions with a piece of friend of goat cheese on top.  It was texturally unpleasant and the onions might as well have been last night's leftovers.  This dish had serious conceptual and executional problems.  We ate three bites and left it on the table.  Informed the waitress that the cold onions were off-putting.  She smiled but didn't send a manager, take it off the check, or offer to get us anything else.  She was a very nice overall but that was a customer service misstep.  I will say that even when I complain I do it in a constructive way, i never ask for something to replace it or ask that it be taken off the bill.  But when you have an entire dish left virtually untouched and your customers tell you they didn't like it, you should recognize it and correct it.  Especially when that guest starts the dinner with a $95 bottle of wine.  Which was never refilled by the waitress the entire night and remained unchilled because she could not find the chiller. 
Finally, the dessert. We went with the buttermilk cup custard.  Again, this was one of those heavy handed dishes. First off, it was not a custard. You can dip your spoon into custard without cutting a gelatinous membrane.  Custard doesn't wiggle like jello. This was a firm panna cotta.  The flavor of the buttermilk was incredibly delicate, and was completely overwhelmed by everything else on the plate The gelee was incredibly sweet, the cranberries incredibly tart and the gingerbread croutons were Christmas spicy.  We had to remove all the components from the buttermilk "custard" to even taste the buttermilk. 
I think if Meauxbar would simply relabel their dishes, the customers wouldn't be disappointed by the produced dishes; what you put on the menu is what the customers expect. Additionally, edit your plates. Don't kill the main ingredients of you dish with sauces, gelees, and other components. They have to work together in harmony and not fight to be the star of the dish. 
If we lived in New Orleans, I would give it another try, but as we don't, we will probably go else where on our next trip.Enjoyed drumfish special , moules frites, pork belly and roasted Brussels sprouts! Service was friendly and the vibe is relaxed and cool. Steak was good but not great   Chocolate dessert with spicy finish was delishVery impressed with their small, but outstanding menu. We had the lobster waldorf to start and it was very tasty. Very interesting pairing and the dressing was delightfully tangy. We also had the hanger steak which was perfection and then the Duck Tian which was like a duck hamburger patty. It was very hearty. I really can't wait to go back and try more items on the menu and save room for dessert. Totally cute date night place.Five stars for the service. The food was good; however, there was just something missing from the flavors for me. Everything was well cooked and presented so well I just wish the overall flavor had a little bit of a punch to it. Service was excellent. Will definitely be back.This was my first time to the new Meauxbar for a celebratory dinner. The food was most excellent! We got a handful of appetizers. 
My favorite (hands down) was the Burrata! Perfect amount of crispness to the bread and perfect amount of cheese with the nuts. I'm a fan. We also got the French fries not knowing they came with many of the main courses, but wow they are tasty.
I had the fancy grilled cheese which is to die for. My parents raved about the steak and lamb and the muscles were on point. 
The waiter tried too hard. He hovered too long. I liked the people who brought out the food. 
The decor is tacky trendy like W hotel decor. 
Would I go back? Yes. The food is fantastic and they have a good tempo.This place was recommended by a local who shared a cab with us. Food was sooooo yummy. We were able to get a reservation after JazzFest (fluke?) and it was a nice escape from the crazy of the Fairgrounds and the Quarters. Would definitely recommend to anyone and will definitely make a reservation the moment I book my flight back to NOLA!!!After walking all the way to Lafayette Square for Wednesdays at the Square only to find that it was canceled (due to the rain, I assume), my friend suggested a dinner at Meauxbar. I had never been and neither had my out of town pals, who were obviously up for the adventure. It was quite a hike through the French Quarter to the restaurant located right across from Armstrong Park and the group had worked up an intense appetite. 
Inside, the restaurant had a swanky feel but not arrogant. We were greeted kindly and shown to our table, which we had reserved just about an hour prior. Just reading the menu made our mouths water, and then and there I decided I had to forgo the alcoholic beverages in order to justify ordering TWO large plates and a starter... We were taken care of by two servers, one of which took our drink order immediately, and the other who took our meal order. After about 15-20 minutes, a waiter dropped of some bread and butter--that's a long time to wait for carbs when you're starving. All was forgiven when we dove headfirst into the butter... The butter made my heart leap (due to clogged arteries, yes, but mostly because it was just so heavenly)!  The saltiness and the creaminess melted right into the fresh from the oven bread that was perfectly chewy. It took all of my strength to channel my etiquette skills and not scoop all that butter right into my mouth. After shameful thoughts about that butter for the next 15-20 minutes, we realized we hadn't gotten our starter, the Sweet Potato Gaufrettes. At exactly the same time, our waiter also realized (or had received our ESP transmissions), and checked on the order. He brought them back a few moments later. They were gone in seconds, either from being so magnificent or from our extreme hunger--definitely both. Very shortly after that, our meals were brought out. I had ordered the French Onion Grilled Cheese and the Scallops. Both were better than I imagined. The rest of the table had the Chicken Leg Confit and the Louisiana Gulf Fish Amandine. The chicken leg was not as exciting as the rest of the dishes, but I still caught my friend gnawing away at the bone after long after the meat was gone. The fish for the amandine was black drum. I had a taste of this dish, and I can honestly say I will go back just for that. Well, I will still probably order 3 of the large plates but skip the starter next time.
Really, this place should get a 4.5 star review for the foodless time we endured, but rounding down to a 4 star is would not be fair. I don't feel terrible about rounding up to a 5 star. The food was impeccable and affordable.This place is fantastic! From service to cocktails (best Bloody Mary I've ever had) to the meal to the coffee, everything was on point! Had the sweet potato hash with fried egg and added a side of sausage, which today happened to be boudin, and LEMME TELL YOU, It was extraordinary! Thanks Meaux, had a really awesome brunch!Small restaurant on the edge of the French Quarter. Very good food but pricey.The chicken liver paté appetizer was amazing. The cocktail I originally ordered was not available so the waitress brought me one but did not tell me what it was but said that if I didn't like it she would bring me another. I kind of would have liked to know what was in it. I had the steak and parmesian fries which was a little too salty and my friend had a fish filet fish that was a little too buttery.The menu changes seasonally. Don't try something and go back with your heart set on it (unless it's in the same season). It will likely be on the menu, but in another, equally wonderful representation. The daily Yaka mein is always amazing and is, true to form, the perfect hangover cure. So brothy and salty and full of delicious goodies (I've had scallops, steak, shrimp fritters, etc.). 
Tomas has been my server a majority of the time I've been here. He recognized me on subsequent visits and took good care of me and my party, despite that one time my guests were drunk and a little awful. Thanks, pal!
I tell everyone who comes to Nola that they need to stop here. As a person who lives here, it's sort of my duty to make my rounds and try all the wonderful places in the city... but I keep coming back to Meauxbar.Had dinner here last Thursday night at 6pm.  We had flown in earlier that afternoon and wanted to catch an early dinner at a neighborhood restaurant.  We went on the recommendation from our Airbnb host and what a gem it was.  When we Even though it was just the two of us, we started with the Escargot in Bone, the Louisiana Crab & Peach Salad and the Pork Belly with Scallops.  Great choices.  Nice flavors perfectly prepared.  Then for our entrees we had the Louisiana Gulf Fish (Drum) Amandine and the Braised Pork.  We share all the dishes and each and every one was fantastic, with nice sized portions.  I would highly recommend you get off the typical tourist track and head to Meauxbar.  Oh, on a non-food related note, the service was great and we even caught a celebrity... as Jessica Lang sat at the table behind ours.I take all my friends here. The food is amazing. Chef Kristen Essig is extremely creative and very friendly. You can see her moving around the restaurant making sure everything is top notch. She also often chats up the guests and makes sure everything is ok. It's refreshing compared to chefs that hide in the kitchen the entire time. If there are any specials you should try them out because Chef Essig comes up with some pretty neat stuff. My only critique of this place is that it's rather loud and something the service can be a bit slow, although the service is very fun and friendly.Hands down, some of the best food in the Quarter, and who am I kidding - anywhere in New Orleans.  Limited size but great menu and everything is cooked perfectly plus has great sauces and tons of flavor.  Pickled shrimp, whitefish dip, and other starters are great and I'd recommend just about anything on the main courses.  Gnocchi with Spiced Braised Lamb, wow!  Porterhouse Pork Chop, Steak Frites, Scallops, everything cooked perfectly and tasted amazing.  They've also got a great wine, beer, and cocktail program so everyone will be happy.
It's still a bit more of a locals place, the space can be a bit cramped and loud at times, and service can be a bit slow when busy but this is some of the best executed food in town.  Bravo!Went here for a date night with my husband. We really enjoyed it. Small and intimate. Service was great. Can't wait to eat here again. We started with the gnocchi and burrata apps. Wish we had ordered the larger portion of the gnocchi with fresh peas. Texture was spot on. I can't speak to trying my husband's lamb dish, but he liked it. The scallops are where it's at! Perfectly seared and seasoned. Get the scallops! Also had the sparkling wine cocktail and I'd recommend that also.Great place to come to that's not busy with the crazy Burbon street crowd. We just wanted cocktails & appetizers. 
I had a glass of wine, not the largest selection but was good. We shared the gnocchi (it was DELICIOUS!) and the French fries. 
We weren't dressed up- but we weren't dressed down. I had a dress on and my boyfriend had a collar shirt on but we felt I welcomed and underdressed (it was 4pm right when they opened). Another couple came in as we were leaving wearing a suite and a fancy dress so I'm not sure.......Great staff...friendly and knowledgeable. Extremely loud, difficult to hear. Very small bar area..10 stools each occupied, and a long wait to rest my weary bones. Pork belly and scallops was dry, and lacking well defined flavor. Very disappointing. Clams in exotic broth were excellent. Hit all the right notes. 
Nothing exceptional, time and effort goes into overall operation. The room needs upgrading in terms of acoustic control. Ambience is some sort of trendy, modern ...but not really matching the menu or style of the restaurant. 
A warmer more traditional and comfortable ambience would work well. I'll give them another try because the clams were so good I'm certain other items on the menu will stand out. Other restaurants would be wise to train their staff to function on this level... Its impressive.How did we miss this place? Been coming here couple times a year for years. Very close to our condo, walking distance.  While they crowd you in, it turned out to be an advantage, struck up a conversation with the next table. Actually traded contact info.  How fun? Had the hanger steak hunny had the special yakiman.. pork belly. Everything was excellent.  Will be back. Going to hit the leftovers now.I've been here twice and have only good things to say! I can't pick anything apart. The service is friendly and casual; the entire staff is laid back, cool and courteous. The atmosphere is a mash of edgy, bygone familiarity. I almost feel like I've stepped through a wormhole to the underground sixties. I'm not sure why, but, Meauxbar just feels like a place creative thinkers would mull over a drink. 
As for the food, Oh! How delicious! We've had the gulf fish Amandine, chicken, pork belly, duck fat popcorn (omg) and hanger steak. All were excellent! The food is perfectly prepared.
Meauxbar would be my daily haunt if only it were closer to my condo. Couldn't recommend a superior choice for casual fine dining.Loved it when it was the old owners. Used to be a nice neighborhood restaurant with great food. Now, the neighbors avoid it and the restaurant seems to only draw in people from elsewhere. Its always packed but I cannot understand why. I was underwhelmed by my appetizer and found my entree too salty to even eat half of. I have not been back since and reviews from others willing to give it a try indicate nothing has changed. Look elsewhere for a decent meal.Food is upscale but nothing you can't find at any of the other more expensive restaurants in the area. 
Most importantly to note here though: not sure if it was because we came in as a "walk in" or if because we were a small table of two- but we were spoken to maybe two times (to take our drink and food order, and to ask if we were all set which we weren't).I live in Austin and dine out frequently here and in other large cities.  I chose Meauxbar per Eater New Orleans' recommendation - unequivocally the best meal of our weekend. Pumpkin, potato gnocchi was divine and the "cheese sandwich" with steak and onions not only unique, but superb.  We also had the beef tartare and beets.  
The atmosphere is intimate, quiet and sophisticated without being stuffy.  Perfect for a date night or more quiet evening out.  There were a few large groups but not the right environment if you are looking for a place to host a loud, raucous crowd.  
You cannot go wrong here!Amazing off the tourist path restaurant with an incredible up and coming chef. Fantastic use of local in season ingredients and attention to detail.A great place to have a nice meal just outside of bourbon street.  Nice list of cocktails and a few nice beer selections.   If you get tired of Bourbon Street dining, this place is a great place to go.Had a wonderful experience here tonight. I was in NOLA for a conference and booked this place at the recommendation of a local friend and it was by far the best meal we had in Nola. 
It was 6 of us and the server managed us very well. He was awesome and gave us great recommendations. We ordered a bunch of small plates and I personally loved the beef tartar and the goat cheese. I think the best entre was the steak. Don't forget to try their hipster tea selection with your dessert! Can't tell you how much I loved the food, the ambience, and the staff. Will come back next time I am in town!Excellent meal! The Brussel sprouts are a must! Highly recommend this restaurant for a phenomenal French meal just blocks from Bourbon!Delicious and decadent food. Hats off to the chef! Fabulous and fun staff. Will definitely come back!We had other stuff, but I'm only going to talk about the duck salad. It was amazing! Everything tasted like duck: the kale, the cashew nuts, and of course the duck. The salad dressing was probably mostly duck oil, and there was a lot of duck. If you're on a diet or trying to be healthy, this is definitely not the salad for you. But if you love duck, you should definitely try this!Truly outstanding and wonderful small plates!  We had the bone marrow and escargots, the shrimp and the sweetbreads.  The large plates were just okay and they didn't come together.   The mussles were good, the chicken portion was way to small for a 'large plate' (and $23), and the grilled cheese took forever to come out... Like 25 minutes after the other food. They also sneeked breadcrumbs in where I wasn't expecting so be sure to ask if you have any gluten issues.  Service started off great and waitress was super nice until she got busy, then she disappeared completely and never checked on us and she didn't say a word when we had to flag her for the check.
Would I go back?  Absolutely to give it another try, particularly for those interesting starters.  They trumped the rest of the experience.Had a wonderful meal Sunday night (9/4).  Had the Roasted Scallops with shaved almonds and it was off the charts good.   Also had a great desert and I just love this place.  One of the best hidden secrets in the French Quarter.We had a total of 5 dishes which we shared.  The beef carpaccio was very good, the mushroom and escargot was great as well.  The beet salad was poorly balanced, don't recommend it.  Fish amandine was ok, while the fish was fresh, but rest of the ingredients did not elevate the dish.  The pork, garbanzo bean and eggplant was  the dish we liked the least.  Pork was subpar and did not match the pickled eggplant.  Garbanzo beans, just didn't belong.  That dish was sub par.  Overall great atmosphere, service.  Average food.  Would not return.This place is great! The food was delicious, the service was great, the cocktails are very creative. Great place to bring friends for a nice dinner when in New Orleans. This place has a female chef that is well known and loved by New Orleans. This place gets busy and it is very small so I would call before coming. I'm not sure if they take reservations but if they do I would suggest making them.The food is absolutely delicious.  Service was a bit pretentious and they seemed short staffed for brunch.  We ordered bottomless mimosas and the server just puts the barely chilled bottle on your table.  No ice bucket, no napkin underneath and it's just dropped like they could care less.  There was very little hospitality and it's a shame because the food is wonderful.  No management seen anywhere and you could feel the staff did not want to be working the brunch shift.We arrived very early for our reservation, so we spent some time enjoying classic cocktails at the bar. The bartenders were extremely friendly and easy to talk to. The dinner was also well worth the wait. The pork belly & crispy scallop appetizer was unbelievable, as was the escargot in bone. For dinner I had the braised pork with caramelized onions over cornbread puree. All was fantastic. The restaurant is very small, so make a reservation ahead of time.I loved this place ..very small and cozy...it was a bit too dark in there but that's ok. My friends and I ordered 6 entrees..my favorite was the foie gras, beet salad, scallops, and the beef tar tar! There is no waiting area if your early for your reservations.Decided we weren't up to this tonight because we weren't feeling fancy (aka I wanted to drink a lot then stumble back to our rental), but after wandering through the FQ and finding other options with a 90 minute wait, eventually we ended up back here and got the last couple seats at the bar.
The hanger steak with parmesan fries was beyond delicious, my husband loved his french onion grilled cheese (I thought it was ok, but it just wasn't what I was in the mood for, might have loved it myself on a different day).  We shared a peanut, honey & molasses feuilletine vanilla milk mousse for dessert which was...fun? for lack of a better word. The mousse had a lovely texture, and I'm glad I saved room for it.
The two bartenders working were friendly and attentive.  One of them made a great satsuma margarita for me when I asked them for some random fruity rum drink.  Ordinarily I hate sitting at the bar but this was great fun, and I enjoyed watching the bartenders make their lovely drinks for people.
The noise levels were great - it was full but I couldn't tell unless I looked up in the mirror that reflected all the full tables.  Two entrees, a dessert, and 4 mixed drinks were $95 after tax, which I find pretty reasonable for a nice dinner for two.I am so glad we went here. The grilled cheese with I believe is brisket with gruyere and sharp cheddar is a must! Absolutely amazing. The yak a mein soup was also delicious but on the sour side. Service was quick and great.Great place. We made a meal of many yummy appetizers, wines and desserts. Terrific service. The food and vibe made us think of a cross between The Mission (in SF) and the 10th A Canal- St Martin (Paris). Check this place out!NOLA has so much food to offer and we managed to try this place before leaving! We came here primarily for drinks and desserts which satisfied all our cravings. The restaurant is on the more expensive side so be expected to spend.
For appetizers, we started off with french fries, pork belly with hummus, sweetbreads, and chicken liver pate. All of them were very good and has its own unique taste. My favorite though was the sweet breads which the strawberry pepper jelly was to die for. In between our appetizers, we had drinks which I love my sparkling drink. It had strawberry, vodka, and basil for the ingredients and despite it being light, there was alcohol in it. The matcha rum drink was interesting and pretty. 
Onto desserts, we ordered all 4 of their options. All the desserts were delicious which my top two were the strawberry olive oil cake and banana clafoutis. I felt like the desserts' pricing was worth it as they were unique in taste and not something you can get anywhere else. 
Service was great that night and I had a wonderful time hanging out with my family here. I highly recommend you to check out this place if you are in the area!Great place off the main strip! Cool vibe, good service and very good food.  
Drinks
"Blue is the color of jazz"
Pimms #7.  
Pork belly $ crispy scallops. - very good.  4/5
Beef tartare -awesome!   5/5
Gulf fish- dry and overcooked 3/5I was really impressed by this place. Interior is small, but very cozy & romantic, and the menu items and specials were all inventive and delicious. The escargot appetizer was veryyy good and we ordered 2 other apps that were specials and I'm sad I won't be able to order them regularly (sunflower and onion bisque & beef cheeks with black eyed pea salad). Also got the scallops as my entree and it came with this awesome braised endive. Dessert was the "Peanut, Honey & Molasses Feuilletine" which was kind of like a gourmet peanut butter cup... I will definitely be making more trips here.I am so full right now. 
I'm in New Orleans on business and stopped here on a friend's recommendation. 
The dining room is small, but even full, doesn't feel crowded.  Kind of a classy-casual vibe. I was glad I wore a dress. 
The service is friendly and attentive. 
The duck liver pate w/ beet caviar was rich and creamy, served on two slices of toasted French bread. Very nice. 
The crab salad was so satisfying, w/ surprising bits of smoked goat cheese contrasting w/ the roasted pumpkin seeds. 
The mussels were plump and floating in a fennel broth I could have drunk by the cup. 
For dessert the semifreddo in basil sauce was light and sweet. A beautiful way to end a meal. 
Even their coffee was good. 
If I was in town longer, I'd be back for more.