What a great experience i had here! 
Two of my friends accompanied me here on a random night when we were starving and couldn't figure out what to eat. That is the type of situation i love because i am a true advocate for Yelp! And i am full of bookmarks for places to try. Still a bit indecisive after sifting through what was open and in the right dollar amount, i decided to use my trusted method of picture surfing and long behold, Mia's caught the eye and it is to be trusted, still. 
We each ordered an appetizer and shared between the three of us. Everything, i highly recommend. First we had the chargrilled oysters topped with spinach, bacon cheese and parmesan, omfg. Sorry. I'm writing this from memory so i'm a bit shady on the other two entrees, i know one was some type of tomato with thee best tasting melted mozzarella on top and i won't even attempt to try and tell the third, just take my word for it, it was amazing. 
I ordered the shrimp pasta, i kept it simple. 
One other ordered the fried oyster salad. 
And the other got the special of the day which i believe was some type of fish. 
Everything was superb. The owner (Basem, very nice guy) even came out and gave one of my friends fresh, bigger oysters because he felt that they "weren't big enough"  as if the delicious food wasn't enough, then this. I was simply blown away by everything during our dining experience here and i'll definitely be going back. 
This is a place that's on the list of where i'll tell newcomers to go when asked. Good job!I am going to give this 5 stars because the service was great, we had some awesome wine, and the food was really good.  It costs a little bit more than we usually spend, but they had a nice restaurant.com coupon which softened the sting of the bill.  The place has a great atmosphere and I like that the owner is there working hard to make the restaurant a good one.They are right next to Samuel's Blind Pelican which is where we wanted to go but they were packed. We noticed that Mia's had few customers. Perhaps we should have read some reviews to find out why. Even though they were not busy it took forever to get our food and forever and a day to get the check. I ordered the catch of the day and it came to me way over cooked and extremely salty. Seriously it was like fish jerky or something - certainly not worth $24!For the lunch hour food warriors out there, you will be pleased with this one! Upon arrival around 1:10 we found ample street parking and a very empty restaurant. Don't let the lack of diners distract you, for us this meant a very efficient server and quick food arrival. My friend B and I were promptly greeted, directed to sit wherever we wanted and even though the restaurant was practically empty it was very welcoming. 
I ordered the Mia's Garden Salad for $6 that was a healthy portion of mixed greens, fresh feta cheese, red onion, a huge tomato wedge, all tossed in a house vinaigrette. It was larger than I expected but light enough it was still a perfect start to the meal. My non-salad eating companion even commented on the fact it was well sized and smelled good. High marks for that!
A few moments after my salad was brought to the table the server returned with mini cornbread muffins and spread. I was very grateful because I always feel awkward about eating in front of someone who isn't. The bread was warm and though the spread doesn't appear creamy per se it melted immediately and had a nice touch of cinnamon. Delicious!
For entrees I decided on the "small plate" Seafood Stuffed Fried Eggplant and B had the Bourbon Glazed Chicken Sandwich. The eggplant was very soggy and still swimming in a bit of oil which is why my review is a 4 instead of a 5. If they were packed and the kitchen in a hurry I would have been a bit more understanding to the soggy log. However, they weren't and I'm not. Regardless, the seafood stuffing was delicious, I always appreciate being able to see what I'm eating and there were huge crawfish, shrimp, and lobster in my portion as well as yellow, green and red bell peppers - to die for! 
B's Chicken Bourbon Sandwich wasn't lacking on the chicken. It was a huge marinated chicken breast on what looked like homemade foccacia bread. It looked a bit too much for my taste but she really enjoyed it. Though, she did comment it was a bit dry. The fries were seasoned and delightful, not soggy! 
I highly recommend checking this place out. The cocktail menu would have tempted me if I didn't have to head back to work!Good food, nice, but slow service, good coffee, would come back.  Great eggs Benedict & potatoes! All plates were finished!I have been using yelp for over a year and this is my first review.  I travel a lot and consider myself a true foodie.  
This restaurant exceeded my expectation by leaps and bounds.  There were 2 of us and we shared 5 small plates.  Big yum and delicious for all of them!  The pan roasted oysters and creole shrimp were full of amazing flavors and exceptional.  Absolutely stellar meal.  Would highly recommend this to anyone.  Stay away from the French Quarter madness and enjoy a fantastic meal with excellent service in uptown!When Mia's opened, I was skeptical. Watching the construction and all the hype gave me a healthy dose of skepticism. New restaurants pop up all the time in my neighborhood, all trying to be The One True Restaurant or some malarky. So I put off even trying new ones if they give me a bad turn. 
Turns out I was wrong. There is no One True Restaurant any more than there is One True Best Mardi Gras Parade Throw, but there are some good ones out there. Let's pretend that Mia's is a string of medallion beads: fancy enough, more fun than the usual string of beads, and a bit novel...but no Muses shoe or Zulu coconut. It's worth jumping for but not worth scrambling for. You see where this is going? 
I've only done brunch here, but I've done it multiple times. Friends, I believe in brunch. I think brunch has power, and it certainly colors my entire weekend. Starting out on the patio (in January!) without my coat, having a low-key server who appeared when he was most needed, good cocktails, and a lavish menu of solid brunch fare was enough to win me over. Everything I've noshed on was great, although the clear winner in my book is any and every dish involving poached eggs. (I love poached eggs. But can I poach eggs? No. Heartbreaking.) I also discovered my new favorite brunch cocktail at Mia's: the dazzlingly simple poinsettia. 
Would I eat lunch or dinner here? Sure, when I've run out of other recipes to cook and restaurants to visit. For now, I'm a devoted bruncher. Poached! Eggs! Poached! Eggs! 
Accessibility notes: Ramp up to the main patio. Can get loud with TV noise at bar. Stairs up to the second floor dining area. No Braille menu or signage.Mia's is kind of hidden across the street from zea's.  I must have passed it a million times until I had to go there for a bridal shower and I plugged it in my GPS.   They have a nice raised deck out front with a flat screen tv im sure only on the weekends.  They have a brunch, lunch, dinner and wine menu posted on the front fence which I like.  The first floor had a nice amount of tables and a decent bar. The bar is on the left right when you walk in so if youre sitting there you youre kind of on display.  The upstairs had high ceilings, a balcony with no door(couldnt go out there) and could probably accomodate about 30 people comfortably.  The food was good and fresh and the servers were polite.Great atmosphere, awesome food with fresh ingredients.. Best spot to watch football with TV's on the patio. Great service what more can you ask for.We came in on a slow afternoon the staff was incredible! The owner was active in her restaurant and personally training a new server (I like to see that level of owner involvement!) My wife and I were visiting Louisiana for the first time. They made some recommendations for local food and every one was a winner! The "Gator Bites" were phenomenal! I had never had alligator before and I doubt I'll ever have it served that well again.Excellent experience. We tried this restaurant a few nights ago with no expectations whatsoever. I hadn't heard anything about it and didn't even check any reviews. I was more than pleasantly surprised. It was fun, relaxed, and comfortable. The food was amazing and the wine selection was impressive. One of the owners talked to me about the wines and she was very knowledgeable. I was so happy to find they had a Txakolina by the glass, though it wasn't on the wine list. This is a basque wine that I love and it's very hard to find.We had a terrible experience at Mia's. We had ordered the pasta primavera and had told the server we had a few vegetarians in our party. When we got our order we noticed that the pasta had bacon in it. When we asked the server if the food has bacon he said it was onions. When we asked the owner to check it he said it was garlic when 2 in our party who eat meat did confirm it was bacon. 
Instead of replacing the dish and making sure our food had no meat, they choose to ignore our request. 
We were very disappointed by their attitude given the restaurant was completely empty. 
If we could a negative review we would have done it.  
Do not go to this restaurant.Loved this place. In the week that I stayed in Louisiana I made sure to go to Mia's twice because I was so impressed with the atmosphere, the customer service, and the great food. It was recommended by our concierge and I'm SO glad. Even having only been there twice the waiter was able to remember my group, ask us about our trip, remember details from the last time we had been in, and just be an interesting person to have a quick conversation with over dinner. The food was delicious and even now that I'm back in Washington I crave Mia's corn bread rolls. So good!I have been to this place several times and really like it a lot,  I've had everything from the turtle soup to the bbq oysters, the salads to the lamb lolipop and am rarely disappointed.
Though some of the portions are small, it is only because the are so delicious that i wish they were larger.  
The staff is always fast and friendly. They do range from completely dead to absolutely slammed, sometimes it seems they are a bit overwhelmed, but they are always apologetic and make up for it with a  comp for any mistakes.  
I truly hope this place does well and wish them the best! Might even go there for lunch.If you are looking for a good food and great service Mia's is definitely not a good choice. I will admit their mimosa's are pretty good but definitely not "bottomless" like they claim. After some debate about where to go for Sunday brunch me and 2 of my girlfriends decided on Mia's. tBoth of them had been there before and enjoyed it but this was my first time. We sat down and ordered our bottomless mimosas and crabcakes as our appetizer. After sitting for about 15 mins the waitress informed us that they didn't have crabcakes. This was disappointing but not a huge deal. The waitress took our brunch orders only to forget them and she had to return 15 mins after we initially placed them to ask us again what we had ordred. Another 20 mins or so go by and the waitress returns to let us know that they are out of filet. (I am not sure how a place that just opened is out of all their food but ok) Another disappointment but again we are just rolling with it. After a long wait 2 of our 3 entrees finally come out but much to our dismay they were cold! The waitress blamed in on the chef and the chef comes out to speak with us and blames it on the waitress. They waited awhile and then came back to take our cold food away and inform us that they were going to "take care of it". We had been sitting for awhile and our new hopefully hot food and not been brought out so we ask the waitress and she informs us that we are not getting our food and we will need to pay for our mimosas and we couldn't have anymore mimosas because we aren't having entrees. All of this and we didn't even get to eat. My friends and I ended up going to the grocery store and making our own brunch. I would avoid Mia's at all costs their customer service is dismal!We went to Mia's with a decent size group of people (9) atound 8:30 on a Friday. They were very accomodating for a large group of us and sat us immediatly, as the restaurant wasn't super packed that night (kind of surprising for the time and a Friday). They had wine flights and margaritas as their specials for drinks that night. Bad news first- The margaritas were pretty nasty.... and they tasted like they forgot to put tequila in them. They were straight cheap sweet & sour mix and the 2 or 3 people that ordered them didnt drink more than a few sips. On the other hand, their wine flights are rather awesome. You can choose 3 wines and get about 3 oz pours of each for $10. This is made even better by the fact that they had good wines to choose from.... Im kind of a wino, and I like trying different ones so I really enjoyed the wine flights. They also made a mean dirty martini for my friend. 
Now to the food. Some dishes were really good, some dishes were iffy, and some were rather underwhelming. My end of the table split the eggplant sticks. These were awesome! Although simple idea (cut eggplant into strips and fry it) sometimes its hard to get the it right... they can come out really soggy and limp if not done right. These were perfect... the batter had a little heat, the parts that were supposed to be crunchy were crunchy, and it was overall deliciousness. I got a small ceasar salad and the avocado with crabmeat "small plate" for my meal. The ceasar salad was pretty good, the dressing was good and Im pretty sure house-made. The avocado with brabmeat & balsalmic glaze was not that great. The description kind of led me astray, I was expected the crabmeat to be prepared differently and in a lighter dressing/mix/marinade, as the description made it sound like a grilled avocado stuffed with lemon-ish crabmeat. Instead its more like crab salad and is mixed with a bunch of mayo. ALOT of mayo. The balsalmic glaze is really good, but I wished they put a little more of it on the plate. Also the dish needed something with a "crunch" or anything to get it away from a completely mushy texture. Avocado is soft, and when the crabmeat was mixed with so much mayo it just had a really sloppy texture in your mouth (Im a big texture person, so that was a large turnoff for me). It didnt taste bad, but it wasnt nearly as good as it was made out to be. My boyfriend got the alligator pastalaya, which was quite tasty, but a rather small portion for $14... it was the same size as some of the appetizers people got. Its pasta, not caviar, throw some more noodles in! Two people at the table ordered the oysters Orleans. The flavor was really good, but again, there needed to be another texture there...maybe because theres was quite a bit of cheese on them? Oysters with lots of melted cheese just create a weird texture in your mouth unless executed correctly. (For example, I love Acme's and prety much any other places charbroiled oysters).  Usually when you get charbroiled oysters they throw some breadcrumbs on top or the like, and that night I discovered  they are more than mere garnish. However, the hummus was excellent... I love how it came with pepper jelly (or at least something like it). I never tried that flavor combination before and it was surprisingly tasty!
The service was also really good. Our waitress was quite nice, very attentive, and didnt mind splitting our bill by item even though we offered to split it all evenly to save her trouble. We didnt wait long for drinks. 10 out of 10 for service.
In the end, I wouldnt object to returning if someone really wanted to go, but I wouldnt go back on my own decision. They may have to step it up with Sushi Brothers next door and some other well-recieved resturants within a block or 2.Good place for small plates. 
Outdoor seating is nice, great people-watching on the Avenue.
They have a well-stocked bar and they commonly roll out TVs for football games.Mia's is ok. It didn't wow me, and I didn't run screaming. I've only been here once for dinner and haven't returned simply because there are better options in this price range. Service was good and the dining area was clean and attractive, although the music selection could have been better (I like alternative, but not in mid-range dining). 
I don't immediately recall the dish I got, but it was average. My dining companion had the same opinion of her dish; good but nothing special. This is a decent place, but something is missing. Perhaps if it were cheaper it would have earned an extra star.Large serving of Cajun spiced breakfasts! St. Charles breakfast @ 1130 Sat. Morning. Perfectly poached eggs with runny yolk but still a layer of "cooked." English muffin instead of toast. My friend ordered off the menu, a veggie, egg white omelet, skillet nonstick, no oil or very little oil, no butter on anything, etc... Accomadated without blinking an eye "no problem!" WOW service from Madelienne. Blood Mary specials 5$- had two made the way I dig the spicy limey pickle juice tastes like all the condiments mixed together drink. Peppery, spicy, Double green olives, limes & Bacardi rum instead of vodka. 
Delicious Jalepeno corn muffins with honey butter-free! 80's music piping through the hardwood ceiling speakers. Nice airy place with lots of drink choices- 20 + beers and wines. If I wasn't partied out from a week on bourbN St. I'd have tried more local flavor. Next time.I tried Mia's because I had a restaurant.com coupon.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The two of us started with the seared scallops--a bit too much garlic, but nicely cooked.  We both had a salad (one ceasar, one Mia's) which were fresh tasting and not overdone with dressing.  For our entrees I had the veal oscar, which was very yummy and rich, and my companion had a whopping ribeye, that had a beautiful light char on the outside and was perfectly cooked.  It was a really nice dinner, and with the coupon we were able to splurge on a great bottle of wine.  The service was excellent and our wait person was very helpful and patient with our indecision. This was on a Friday at 7:30, and although the place was rather full, the various courses were timed well.  I would like to go back when the nights are warmer and sit outside and enjoy a bunch of small plates.*AVOID AVOID AVOID*
My girlfriend and I went here for lunch while we were in New Orleans on vacation.  We ordered our meal and then waited for ONE HOUR.  OUR FOOD NEVER CAME.   We eventually left because we were on a schedule that day to return home.  
One of the few restaurants that I have ever walked out on.  The manager never approached us to update us on our food or to apologize, he just sat at the bar typing into his cell phone.  The (green) waitress we had kept coming over and shrugging her shoulders telling us that she didn't know what was going on.  
A horrible experience.I wanted to like Mia's, but I just didn't.  From the moment we walked in on a Saturday afternoon, it wasn't good.  It took forever for them to even notice we were there.  Once we were seated, I asked about beer options and our waitress couldn't describe the flavors at all.  Once we put our order in, it took forever for it to come out.  About 20 minutes in, we asked if we could have some bread or something.  She thanked us for reminding her and brought us some muffins with cinammon butter.  Meanwhile, we saw a couple come and go, tired of waiting to be noticed.
The turtle soup was okay, but not what I expected, nor what I was in the mood for.  The gumbo was good, but not as good as Gumbo Shop's.  The Go Green salad was fresh.  My friend liked her food.  Unfortunately, the service was just so bad that it overshadowed anything that was good about this place.
P.S.  Free condoms in the bathroom.  At least they're a responsible establishment.5/18/13...I have heard great things about this place and understand when things happen out of one's control, but...  it was a mess! The blame falls on the owner. Both managers walked out, servers walked out of their jobs leaving one fantastic young lady trying to keep it all together... I appreciated her effort, but the owner is an ass. He even walked into the restaurant with his entire family, right past the disaster unfolding w/out a word to the patrons. Our meal took 1.5 hrs to come out if the kitchen, the food was terrible and over-salted... Wine was good of course :)
But the fact that the owner did not even care his staff quit with a full restaurant, pisses me off. What a jerk! 
Our server was doing the best she could and should find a better place to work. So very sad I wasted money on this place.
:(Food was great, server was a tweak head. Our lunch took TWO HOURS to get!!! our server messed up our order at least 3 times. We didn't even get waters or greeted until being there around twenty minutes! We would have left but we had decided this as a meet up spot for several people while we were in town on vacation.This place has amazing food. The first time we went the service was terrible but the food was so good we went back. Juan more than made up for the bad service the first time. The best chargrilled oysters. The shrimp and grits were fabulous.  The oysters are huge-WAY better than Felix's in the Quarter-taste great and are a good price. Great service the second time around. The bartenders play good music and Juan is a great host. We thoroughly enjoyed both meals there during our one week vacation in NOLA. Highly recommend!!!It was our last evening in New Orleans and we chose Mia's for our final dinner in the Big Easy.  We shared an appetizer of seafood stuffed eggplant, followed by a Caesar Salad.  Our entrees of soft shell crab and alligator pear (avacado) and crab salad were accompanied by a finely citric  Pino Grigio and a grapefruit nuanced Sauvignon Blanc.  We finished with a petite slice of seven layer chocolate mouse cake and coffee.  A great meal in a beautiful restaurant.  Our server, forgive me darlin' because I don't rememberl your name, was spot on.  There when we needed service and not there when we didn't.   We briefly met Mia, a thoroughly lovely young lady.  
Next time you're in New Orleans, get on the St Charles Trolley and visit Mia's.  We sure will.A-OK pretty much sums it up....
I came up here with two other friends and ran up a $225 tab. We had a lot of stuff. The oysters were good, the filet mignon was ok not great by any stretch of the imagination. The shrimp was good but come on people we paid $9 for three small shrimp. Drinks were heavy on the alcohol which was good but they sort of sucked compared to the other places we went to in New Orleans. My favorite thing was the Soft Shell Crab sandwich which was very good.
We were sort of shocked by the tab but it was ok. We thought we would get a better meal for what we paid for it. The waitress was nice and the place was empty during jazz week which probably explains a lot. It was very average to say the least. Atmosphere was great as they had an outside area and we enjoyed ourselves.
All in all, I probably wouldn't come here again with all of the great choices in New Orleans...The food was delicious, you have to try the cinnamon butter on the cornbread. I guess they recently switched ownership, so the staff is relatively new but friendly. Unfortunately they were out of scallops which was originally why we went, but I had a shrimp pasta dish (La Shrimp Bordelaise) that was delicious and my husband had shrimp and grits which was also pretty good. We also had the best mango Mai Tais!
Only downfall was service was a little slow, probably due to the new staff.Outstanding food, drinks and Great atmosphere (off the St Charles streetcar line) 
Loved it. The specially prepared fish was to die for!
I'm glad we made it part of our NOLA experience on a recent December visit.
AMia's Balcony has a really nice menu and the food was terrific.  The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because it's a tad pricey.  I really enjoyed everything, but our bill was very high at the end.  I do love the outside balcony on St Charles Avenue....it made our dining experience that much better.  Our waitress was very nice and took good care of us.Pan seared oysters and turtle soup, unbelievably good. Love that they have lazy magnolia southern pecan on tap. Service has always been good. Have a patio and on nice days the doors are all open. Nice place to relax and watch St Charles AveMeh is all I can say. We were there during Happy Hour so our bill was only 26 bucks for 3 small plates and 2 beers. No complaints there at all. Outside of happy hour, our bill would have been 45, and I would have been pissed. 
The seared scallops were loaded with cheese and it wasn't parmesan as the menu stated. It was more like a side of scallop nachos. Not good at all and it was most definitely a tapa. Unbelievable they'd charge 14 bucks for that crap. Scallops are so good alone and they ruined it with a cheap cheese. 
The portobello pizza was pretty good. No complaints there. 
The chargrilled oysters had a burnt taste to them. Was not impressed at all. 
Service was fine but it was only us and 1 other couple in the restaurant. Overall disappointed will not return for food.First time visiting and our party of 4 loved everything that we ordered! Gator bites were delicious, as was the Shrimp Bordelaise.Very enjoyable. Our server Bill (I think his name was) was great and hospitable. My ribeye was exactly Mid Rare and well seasoned. Veggies were crisp. I will probably go back again. Kudos.This was a very nice place. The food and atmosphere were wonderful. We had the alligator hash & shrimp and goat cheese crepes ... and Mimosas for Sunday brunch. The restaurant is nicely laid out. The only problem is that smokers can sit outside on the balcony and the smoke drifts in. It's too bad because it seems like an open air restaurant no matter where you sit but the smokers can turn this into a gross experience.Half of the food on the menu was not available.We were there for 3 hours and none of the entrees showed up at the same time. I ordered a dish and was informed 2 hours later that the dish was no longer available.There were only 2 waitresses for the entire restaurant. Never going there again.I live a few blocks down from here.. and pass it almost everyday thinking I should stop in.. then there was a Groupon for it, so I jumped on the deal.  My boyfriend and I tried it a few nights ago.. and although it was completely dead (random late Tuesday night though..) we absolutely loved it!
The food was delicious.. a little expensive for anything but a date night.. great cocktails and wine selection.  I agree with a previous reviewer that there are definitely better options for this price range.. but being able to walk to and from dinner has a great appeal.  It's in the lower garden district.. right on St. Charles.. and I'm sure it will be packed once Mardi Gras comes around.  
They're open until late every night.. so for those of you that have wackier work hours (like me and Alex).. this place is great for late dinners.  Enormous portions too.. so I even had some left over for lunch the next day (Chicken pastalaya with andouille sausage.. I was hoping for some alligator.. but it's hard to find lately apparently..).
I hear their brunch is really good too.. and being able to walk there in the morning will definitely add it to my list of brunch places to try next!Just got into town and decided to go for brunch, only 2 staff members showed for work, wrong order given, food not good, went to Popeyes immediately afterward, not a very good experience at allTonight we went to Mia's balcony and needless to say we were so disappointed. The service was terrible. We sat ourselves and waited about 15 minutes to even see a waiter for a drink. After ordering our entrees, the food took about an hour and 15 minutes to get our dinner- may I also add that during this time two other tables were sat, ordered, received their food and left by the time we got our food! It was not worth our time and we will not go back!Good food and family friendly. We went on a Tuesday night and was pretty empty. Turtle soup, alligator bites, and alligator pastalya all really good. Wait staff were very friendly. The waitress worked with us on calling my daughter's dish by another name so she would eat it.This was a nice little place on St. Charles for brunch. The servers were very kind and knowledgeable about the food, the area, and the origins of their food. We didn't go up to the balcony, but sat next to a beautiful stone-arch window with open wood slat blinds. I appreciated the decor, is what I'm saying.
We had the Spicy sausage pasta and grilled oysters on the half shell. The pasta was excellent and the portion was way too much for one person, plus the heat was really well blended into the meat as well as the sauce. It was a lingering burn, not a tongue scorcher.
I had never had oysters before, so I figured grilled was a pretty safe way to introdice myself. They were covered with crumbled bacon, spinach, and some kind of gruyere.  I may never eat oysters again as I cannot get over the "poached egg" consistency, but I believe these were still an excellent dish. They retained a smokiness from the grill and it did blend well with the oyster juice and the melting gruyere.
We did not return a second time on this trip as the menu was very limited and nothing much else spoke to us. Take that review as you will.Still not sure if i went to the right place. First of all, the place was dead and service was still slow (I joked that maybe the chef had been taking a nap). Second, the menu was apparently being changed and was much smaller and not as appetizing as the one I saw online. As for cinnamon butter with cornbread, I'm pretty sure they gave us margarine with our subpar cornbread. The meal itself was ok, but the fried shrimp was a little too spicy and the fries were clearly frozen. All of the great reviews on here were very misleading. However, after we left I read the reviews that mentioned that Mia's had changed management recently, so that must be the issue. It's a shame that a place with such a great location and a cute look had to go downhill so much...Very small menu to chose from. I ordered the BBQ pulled pork sandwich and I didn't taste any BBQ on it nor did the pork have any flavor. My sandwich was not dressed with anything and the bread was toooo soft. I asked for BBQ sauce and that crap was tangier than mustard. Ugh, pass! I was so disappointed that I didn't even take the rest to go - I ended up getting an appetizer from Cheesecake Bistro in the end. 
   A friend of mines ordered 5 Shots of Patron(a group of 5). The waitress bought the shots out in white plastic coca cola cups. We all looked in our cups and there was black debris floating around in cloudy patron shots. We advised the waitress who took the cups and returned with 5 shots of Patron in shot glasses. However, the shots were still cloudy but we didn't want to complain and took them anyways. The bartender seems to have cut the shots with WATER and tried to play us like suckers and told the waiter," she swears it was all patron!" In the end the waiter only charged for half of the watered down cloudy shots - woo hoo, I guess! 
My friends love this place but I won't be returning!Visiting New Orleans for Halloween. We are frequent visitors. Came across Mia's on Yelp. I always start by reading the reviews if its a restaurant I haven't been to. 1...patio was gorgeous. Would have been perfect if the streetcar wasn't closed for construction. 2... We had a party of 6 and were sat immediately even though place was fairly busy. We chose this place because of small plates menu. We all love Tapas and like to order a bunch of plates to share. Our server, who actually was one of the owners was phenomenal. We all ordered 2 or 3 plates a piece, and she remembered every last one. The timing of the food was perfect with her bringing out one or two plates per person rather than everything at once. As for the food itself, wonderful!!! The sauteed oysters were great as well as the bbq shrimp and the hummas.Between the 6 of us I think we tried everything on the small plates menu except the pizza. We will definitely be back on next trip down.Quaint little neighborhood quasi sports bar just around the corner from our hotel.  Enjoyed the pan roasted oysters orleans...they were scrumptous!  Good service!  A great place for a quick bite to eat!Good food but horrible service. Our server was  nice but very inattentive and had minimal knowledge of the food and drinks. Maybe he's new but that no excuse to be inattentive and they weren't even busy. We've been here before and gotten great service but maybe Walter should seek a new profession. He's sweet but simply not good at his job. Food was good though. Will eat here again.While back home in New Orleans, I am very sad to say, I wasted one of my only three meals, on this place ...  but Joey K's is closed on Sunday, so I should get a pass. Right?
Went for Sunday Brunch (first week in August).  One waitress, she was good but needed help.  Every Entree (4)  and appetizer (3) had something wrong with it:  from not being cooked enough, to being overcooked, not how it was listed on menu and one forgotten & brought after the other 3 had finished...AND it was wrong too! 
The manager was aware of these mistakes and did not credit anything off the bill either.  We fully agree with last poster (Tony L.), these people should not be in the restaurant business, especially in New Orleans.  (The bill was $109 with 2 teas & 2 beers also).  
The atmosphere is nice, as is the location.  So a pint & a game might be okay, but I say... why chance a 'might' when there are so many tried & true joints within walking distance of this place.A delightful surprise. Looks like a neighborhood cafe, but the food is wonderful. Liked it so well Saturday night we went back for Sunday brunch. Everything was prepared with care and the servers were exceptional.Don't bother eating here.  We had lunch and were underwhelmed by everything except the corn muffins with honey cinnamon butter.  Charred Oysters weren't charred and had little flavor and the salads were pathetic.We went in for lunch today on our second day of our trip to New Orleans.  Our hotel wasn't far from here so we just waltzed right on in.  We were the only ones there because it was still pretty early in the day.  
First of all, the service was great.  The waitresses weren't over the top like most are.  I usually sense how fake some servers can be and that they just want my tips.  The servers here seemed genuinely casual and friendly.  It was just right amount of hospitality that I enjoy in a restaurant.  Very attentive too.
I ordered the gator bites.  This was the first time I've eaten gator so I didn't know what to expect.  However, I didn't get the real taste and texture of gator since they were cooked kinda like hushpuppies.  Nonetheless, they were still tasty.  I just have to go out and get some real gator meat while I"m here.  My dad ordered the patio burger, and it was the best burger I have eaten in a long time.  It would have tasted good with just the meat and the bun itself because the beef had excellent flavor and it tasted really fresh.  My dad wants to come again one more time before we leave.  THAT good.  You know something is good they are tasty without the use of excess sauces and seasonings.Visited twice. Once for Valentine's Day and less than a month later on Mardi Gras Day.
Small selection on menu.  Myself as well as 2 close friends ate here for Valentine's Day.  We chose a 3 course Valentine's Day deal (don't recall the price).  I don't recall what I had (it was either veal or steak, but I remember it being REALLY good.  All 3 of us LOVED what we ate.  The only complaint was the cheesecake was not homemade.  It smelled and tasted like the box it came out of, if that makes sense.
We did not get the same experience Mardi Gras day.  Originally we were going to go to Cheesecake Bistro on St. Charles Avenue.  Upon us calling we were informed it would be a 2 hour wait.  Since we were on St. Charles 2 of my friends were the ones who visited Mia's with me on Valentine's Day so we were excited to go back.  We were a party of 5, but you would think we were a bigger part considering the time it took for us to receive our meals.  The place was not even packed.  A friend of mine ordered Patron shots.  They came out in white plastic Coca Cola cups.  We were disappointed because the shots appeared to be watered down plus they had black particles floating in the cloudy drinks.  When we complained to our waitress she apologized and she then brought our shots in glass shot glasses.  The drinks still appeared to be cloudy and since we already complained we let it slide and we took our shots. They tasted watered down.  The waitress told the bartender about our complaint.  The bartender swore the shots were not watered down.  Needless to say that was the beginning of the end. lol
One of my friends did not like her meal AT ALL.  I felt bad because my other friends and I spoke so highly of our Valentine's Day dinner at Mia's and she was majorly disappointed.  We were also charged half price for the cloudy shots of Patron.  
I don't recall any of us taking food to go not even dessert was ordered because of my previous experience with Mia's cheesecake I decided to get cheesecake from Cheesecake Bistro which turned out to be stale and I didn't know it was until I got home.  Bummer! =(
I would eat here again.As promised, a raving review because thanks to this place we had a super fun Mardi Gras experience. We didn't know what to expect especially since I purchased a deal from Living Social for Fat Tuesday. For $60, we had an unlimited awesome buffet, 2 strong Hurricane drinks, restrooms, balcony access, sitting room, excellent service, and most of all, a great view and right on the parade route. The buffet was a great spread but my favorite was the fried catfish. For dessert, they had a savory bread pudding. Being out-of-towners, the manager made sure we were taken care of and we met some friendly locals and vacationers as well. Just to share some insight for Mardi Gras, we did walk from Canal Street (about a little over a mile) and not far at all especially if you need to walk off all the food from the buffet. I felt like I was able to experience the local vibe and I wasn't in a "touristy" part of town. And, since there were no barricades on the parade route in this area, you could go right up to the floats. It was beyond fun catching all the beads and treats.Went here for Brunch this past Saturday with two of my friends. Thought I'd check it out since my name is Mia. Silly, I know.
I had high hopes because of the reviews and when we walked in, it was inviting and cute, I really liked the decor. Our server was brand new, and at first it was totally fine. However, throughout the meal, it seemed like she became shy and soft-spoken. I kept having to ask her to repeat herself (and I'm 23, so I'm not hard of hearing) She also forgot to give us the jalepeno cornbread, which you're give when you sit down, and we had to flag down another waiter to get us some. Not a big deal, I understand newbies have a hard time at first. 
As for the meal -- we started with some drinks. The Poinsetta and a Bloody Mary. Both were very good. In fact, the drinks were the best part of the meal. The drinks were... the *only* good thing about the meal.
I decided to 'splurge' and got the Bernaise Eggs Wellington. My 4oz filets were cooked HORRIBLY. I asked them to be 'medium'. One filet was completely raw on one side and light pink on the other side. (I took a picture) The other filet had gristle in almost every bite. The poached eggs were overcooked, so the yolk was hard. I didn't even touch what seemed to be a thick-sliced piece of ham or the english muffins underneath. The potatoes were overcooked, and my plate in its entirety smelled disgusting. 
Sidenote: There was a table of 6 people right next to us and one of the women told her waiter that her meat was very undercooked and had it taken back into the kitchen to be cooked more. I would have done this, but I was literally sick from the smell of my food and the appearance of my raw meat.
One of my friends had the Alligator hash, which she said was ok, but I'll let her write her own review for that. I had a taste, which was sort of chewy, but some seafood is like that, I guess.
My girlfriend had the Grillades & Grits which were totally TASTELESS. The grits looked like they were literally scooped onto the plate with an ice cream scooper and they were physically hard, as if they had been sitting out congealing all morning. She had to ask for hot sauce, as NO CONDIMENTS are provided on the table. None whatsoever. After her meal she was literally sick all day and couldn't move from the couch because of the stomach pain she had.
I don't know if we had a new cook or what, but the food was disgusting and inedible, and I will never return because I'm scared to get that horrible cook again if I were to give it a second chance.What a great time this place was! I would recommend to go grab a bite and some drinks. They also have an awesome room up stairs that would be great to rent out for a private party. Really nice staff as well.We planned on visiting Mia's for just a salad and light bite before spending the evening in the FQ and having a larger meal there. That was a mistake, because Mia's proved to be the most memorable meal we had in our five days in NOLA.
We each chose a salad - I had the Caesar and she had the spring mix - and picked a small plate to share. I had the pita and hummus and she chose the chicken and spinach spirals. The salads were great - hers was crisp and delicious, and the dressing on my Caesar tasted like it had been mixed in the kitchen rather than poured from a bottle. The chicken and spinach won her over, while I think the hummus was hands-down the best I ever had. We were also treated to corn bread muffins with cinnamon butter, which was great. Each item we ordered was more than we expected it to be, whether it was the delicious cream sauce drizzled over the chicken or the fresh chickpeas that garnished the hummus.
I wish now we had decided to have a larger meal at Mia's, because I am interested to see how the full-sized dinners would have been. I saw the filet mignon being carried out of the kitchen, accented with asparagus spears, and it looked fantastic. 
The dining area itself was a treat. The atmosphere was warm and friendly, and by chance, the music playing happened to feature several songs that were special to us. It was the kind of place I could imagine returning to often if I lived in the city. It was certainly our most memorable meal of our trip.
Just one note of caution. I found Mia's through Restaurant.com and picked it blindly because it was located just two blocks from our hotel. The check presented to the table reflected a different price from the bill brought back to us after presenting the credit card, and I had to inspect it to see that a 20 percent tip had been added, even though we were just a party of two. I didn't mind the amount of the tip at all - it was deserved - but I would have missed that a tip had been added if I didn't give it a closer look. I wonder if that might have been done because I used the coupon? Just a heads up to others who might use a Groupon, Restaurants.com coupon or other deal.i loveeeeee mias!! i sat at the bar 4/30/13 about 11:30; kassadi was the bartender who way very nice she suggested all this great food and i brought it all!! the lamp, turtle soup & oysters!! this is my new spot!!We had a terrible experience at Mia's. We got there and were barely greeted having to seat ourselves (which was no problem), but the theme of poor service just continued as we ordered. The waitress was obviously in distress (as she told us), although the restaurant was not nearly close to packed. I think there were only a few other tables. We waited for our drinks for longer than necessary, probably 10 minutes for a martini? When we had questions about the menu the waitress was unhelpful and after we had worked everything, we didn't recieve our food for another 45 minutes. This wasn't unique or specially prepared, just a normal menu item and even the shrimp was cold. 
After all of this, our reasoning for going to Mia's was that we had a coupon which the server was happy to take because it granted her an automatic 20 percent gratuity. We were not about to tip her near that amount. MAYBE 10 percent. It was disappointing that we gave her that, but the coupon was worth more than being upset at the service. 
In all, quite disappointed and definitely wouldn't recommend the place.I had lunch here recently, and this sits squarely at 3.5 stars.  The front patio is great, right on St Charles and close to other neighborhood attractions.  The inside bar is nice as well.  There is a small, but good beer selection on tap.  Several NOLA offerings, always good.
The service is friendly, if a bit slow.  Though not a problem.  The food ranges from small plates and po boys to fillets.  I had the Shrimp and pasta plate.  Good flavor, not to garlicy, with some kick from the peppers.  The angle hair pasta was cooked well.  All in all a good lunch.  A place I will visit again if I get a chance, maybe for happy hour and try some more of the menu.