This is my favorite bar in New Orleans. Unpretentious neighborhood bar with a nice patio and a delicious menu. The beer selection is good and they feature many of the local brews. The cocktail menu is definitely unique and ranges from stiff to fruity to sweet. They have a big screen and multiple smaller tvs to catch the game on and the bartenders are attentive and friendly. If I owned a bar, I'd like it to have the same vibe as MCYC. My husband and I enjoyed it so much that we both bought a t-shirt!Y'know just when you think you've been *everywhere* in NOLA, someone plans a birthday party at a venue and you realize you've never even been in this area.
The name indicates the theme of the bar which has beaucoup nautical flags and whatnot on the walls. The bar is suitably dark and comfortable; there is a game room out back with an assortment of entertainments and big windows that open up to the patio. The patio seemed to be newly overhauled when I was there and it's a beautiful space to host a birthday party. The theme of the party was silly hats and no one in the bar gave my grandmother's vintage beach hat a second glance...even with the brightly painted shells which are sewn onto it.
The sangria of the day was delicious and the tuna melt...was weird (tuna & cheese) but a huge portion for the price. 
Definitely a chill place to hangout with friends.I think maybe I had my hopes up too high for this place. I had heard so much about it. I liked the atmosphere well enough but we made the mistake of ordering some food, and it was just straight up bad... and I've had my share of bar food. It was like the oil in their fryer was too cold or something, or maybe the quality of whatever frozen stuff they tossed in there was just plain bad. I'm completely willing to give it another try but I was not impressed.  We tried the broccoli bites, pickle chips, and jalapeno poppers and all three were almost inedible. I ultimately came here to watch my LA Kings play in game three of the Stanley Cup finals, and they were nice enough to turn the sound on for us after some pleading, even though we were one of the only ones in there who seemed to even know what hockey was. A coworker told me this would be a good bet to catch the game. And while I got what I came for, I wish I hadn't ordered any food. Let's just say I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.I love this place and I been going to this place since it been open. Every time I come home to the states, I make sure to stop by MCYC. I had my going away to the Air Force party here. My ex had her birthday party here. This place is always having events. It's a fun and welcoming atmosphere at MCYC. This bar supports the park across the street from the bar. They also have events in the park as well. This is a great neighborhood bar.Not sure how I just discovered MCYC, after living in the neighborhood for two years! Now I can't seem to muster the energy to go elsewhere. Anyway, they have an excellent draft beer selection and the bar staff is always friendly and helpful when offering drink suggestions. I've tried the food on a few occasions and it's also pretty decent. My favorites were the mussels and the naked fries. I tried the parmesan fries and the crawfish fries, both had an excessive amount of toppings. The hummus plate was also just so-so, but it was a very generous portion. My favorite things about this bar are the laid-back atmosphere and the beautiful patio out back. If in Mid-City, come and check out this place! 
FYI- There is a $10 minimum on credit card tabs, so come thirsty or bring some cash!Excellent food and service. I can stop there, but won't. This is the quintessential NOLA neighborhood pub. We have tried the fresh tuna sandwiches, burgers, and shrimp...all have exceeded expectations...super fresh and delicious with generous portions. Great laid back place for an after work wind down.Don't remember much being that our team went from drinking all day on the boat straight to the yacht club.  We were getting pretty crazy as we were the only ones in the bar.  The bartender was apprehensive and started getting upset because we deserved to get thrown out.  I'm pretty sure that someone was on the pool table and that was the last straw!  Until Rudy Smith pulled out a roll of cash & gave it to the bartender.  He mentioned that "if they mess up anything you can keep that, they're impotent....."  I lived around the corner for years, but thought they became Pal's -- 
For being the navigator, sure did have my sense of direction screwed up... Had a great time though....  Rudy ended up leaving with roll-(tab&tip).  Thanks roo for saving us!Have to admit I've only been here one time. We had a great time though. Pretty good food and they had the Titans playing. Ended up having a great time with the table of rowdy lesbians next to us. They couldn't have been more fun. Service was good and the place has a good dive bar atmosphere. Good jukebox also.Real good spot. Went on a Friday night for the Pac-12 Championship (Go Huskies!), was lively atmosphere due to the softball games that are played right across the street. The place set us up in the boat house with the game, complete with audio. Beers on tap are legit too: Parish Barleywine and Envie, NOLA bourbon barrel aged Irish Channel Stout, Holy Roller IPA. Food was solid, quick, reasonably priced and available late. I will be back, many many times.Been here over a dozen times, I love the vibe and the staff. Inside is always fun and lively, whereas the back patio is a bit more toned down and relaxing. You can sit outside under the lights and just hang out or go inside and get a little loud. They have pool, darts, and some egambling as well. Love this bar and love its location!This place is awesome. Great food, great people, unbelievably warm owners. And disregard anything above about blonde neighbors!  She is the best!  Love her and the place!There's something about this place I love but can't quite put a finger on it. Never had a bad time here. Fun, local crowd. Plenty of TVs for the game I wanna watch. And if you get bored, there's usually a game going in the park across the street. Oh ya, love the big wood bar too.Very cool local bar in Mid-City that also serves tasty cajun style food.  Just a 20 min trolley ride from the French Qtr, (you exit St Pattrick) this is more of a local sports bar with friendly regulars who seem to know everybody else.  I was brought here by my friend who lives in the area and everyone seemed to know him immediately though he said it had been a while since he last came through.  The blackboards on the wall are colorfully drawn by the staff with bright colored chalk that advertise the specials and local beer and craft vodka flavors.   Nice touch!  Also there are local sports teams pictures hung around the place, giving it a really nice neighborhood feel.
They have a very good selection of beer, but the food menu was what really caught my eye.  I ordered a strawberry ale (it wasn't in season but they had some) and from the menu ordered Crawcheese fries, Holy Crab Balls, and Jambalaya Poppers.  They also had Crispy Chicken Livers, duck confit eggrolls, and Bona Fried Shrimp, but thought better of ordering them and stuck with what I got. After having them, I must say they should be staples in every neighborhood bar and I don't understand why I've never seen Holy Crab Balls (which are in essence glorified deep fried balled up crab cakes) anywhere else before in my lifetime.  The horseradish remoulade sauce that accompanied the snacks -- wow.
The surprising thing too, the 3 snacks I ordered (which I shared with everyone and my new friends too) about 3 beers, the bill came out to $30.  There was no breakdown either, and I'm sure the snacks cost about $8 each, so did the beers cost $2?  Nope, my friend insisted, they just like to keep bill around or below $30.   Was he kidding?One of my favorite bars in the city. Andy and George are my two loves!!!! Cheap drinks!!! Awesome patio!!! Great game room off to the side! Decent jukebox but no biggie. Good food menu too, not just bar bites and not the typical bar bites.A fantastic neighborhood bar. Owners and bartenders are extremely nice and the pours are perfect!Fun place, good drinks, good prices, and a great vibe.
The best drink was the cool breeze, and the crawcheese fries were amazing as others have said.  They both look better and tasted even better than I expected based on the reviews.Not only is this my fav bar but i am awarding it with best burger in NOLA. Only other stuffed burger is Juicy Lucys which is way overrated. Mcyc is awesome. Amazing homemade burger.Stayed with some friends for Jazz Fest! Mid City Yacht club is one block away, I went a few times during my visit. Awesome bartenders, great cocktails stiff, cheap beers, funny locals, misters for when it gets hot, large outdoor seating area, jumbo jenga, this is a really fun place can't wait to go back!Def one of my fav laces in midcity. Super laid back. They are expanding and will be cooking food soon, will be even better thenThe staff and clientele at this bar will make you feel right at home!  So happy to live right around the corner from this place!  It's the friendliest neighborhood bar around!!  Beware some of the Ohio fans can get a little crazy though but it's a great spot to shoot some pool, and of course my favorite - the touch screen games!On top of this bar being the best sports bar in town, their Boathouse is perfect for parties. Ben, MJ, George, and the rest of the crew are so easy to deal with, and Damary is a fantastic party planner and host. I couldn't have asked for a better venue. Chef Meaux's menu options are endless, and he's so easy to deal with. The food is always top-notch, but he goes the extra mile for private parties. Whether you need a unique cocktail for brunch, a bucket of beer for the game, a couple shots before trivia, or the Boathouse for your private party, you can't go wrong with MCYC.Went here VERY recently after visiting every now and then since I live close by.  We were hoping to get dinner but after getting the treated like we were not welcome there by the bartender left with drinks in hand.  Sorry I am not a regular. Had to ask for a water twice (which we never received) and the place was not exactly busy.  In fact when we came in there were two other people waiting with credit cards in hand to pay their bills and it took him awhile to get to them.  Last time I ate there the food was very good but don't think I will take the time to experience the lack luster bar staff again.  There are too many other places to go in this neck of the woods that have better bar staff and a friendly environment.
On a welcome note, after making my initial post within 5 minutes the owner contacted me back on Yelp.  That is quite impressive and may try Mid City again on a different night.  Especially for the food!This is a nice Mid-City neighborhood bar that is located on the bottom floor of a house adjacent to a baseball field so you can drink and then play games.  The name of this bar is a play on the fact that the water level in the neighborhood during Hurricane Katrina was very high (aka it was flooded) and the bar is built out of refurbished flood damaged wood.  They have pretty comfortable inside and outside seating.  The bartenders are attentive and efficient and the beer is cold.  They have crawfish boils on Fridays when the bugs are in season but the last time I ate them there I ordered at 5pm and didn't get them til 8pm and they were WAY overcooked and MUSHY!!!  This bar attracts an interesting and eclectic mix of people of all ages and ranges from sparse to crowded depending what is going on and the day of the week.  When this place gets crowded it can get really smokey inside and it often gets crowded during Saints games when they usually have some free food.  This location is certainly worthy of a stop on a Mid-City bar crawl.A charming little bar, comfortable and relaxed. Great Bloody Marys, including some delicious variations like jalapeño tequila, and cilantro. 
Our favorite drink was the mint julep iced tea. Rich, strong, and smokey. Will definitely be back.Best local bar in Mid City. Friendly bartenders that are on top of even the craziness nights. It doesn't hurt that they have won Best Bartender in New Orleans now two years in a row. And their food is wonderful too! It's always updating so you will never get bored with the selection. And if you like to try new things I would recommend the chicken livers.We came down from Memphis for a long weekend and found this place through the Ohio St. Alumni website. My lady is a diehard Bucks fan so this was a suprise.  The owners are huge Ohio St fans and have the best place outside Columbus to watch the game.  Even though we came here for that reason I'd suggest going anytime.  The locals were friendly, atmosphere great for watching any game and food fantastic.  The outside court yard has even more tv's and plenty of seating. Highly recomend.  Thanks MJ and Bobby!Mid City Yacht Club is a real gem of a place.  I had never been when a friend invited me here to check out the Mayweather fight.  I am so glad I discovered this place!  The people are really nice and it's a great sports bar.  They have 5 tv's behind the bar that are always showing 5 different games, whether it's football, baseball, or anything else you could possibly think of.  There is a big projection screen in the back of the place with plenty of seats and there is free food (meatballs, hotdogs, chips) on game days.  There is also a tv outside, if you don't feel like dealing with the smoke or huge crowds that like to gather here on game days.
I have to be honest, this is one of the friendliest places I've ever been to in the city.  I had never been here before and people seemed eager to introduce themselves and make me feel welcome.  A really great place to make friends and watch a Saints or LSU game.
WiFi password: yachtclubWent to a 40th birthday party here last night. Great food friendly staff awesome courtyard. Reasonably priced drinks. Private rooms for parties. Will definitely be back. Nice neighborhood vibeHappy Hour update.
It's from open-6pm M-F.
2.25 domestic longnecks, 3.50 wells, 4.50 calls.
Daily lunch specials. So far I haven't had any food that didn't hit the spotGet there on a Friday for their crawfish boil, only $6. We normally get our crawfish fix from Schaeffer's in Bucktown, but MCYC has them beat.  The crawfish seasoning was perfect.
They still allow smoking in the bar, which was a bit of a negative, but apart from that, it's a great place for a beer or two. During happy hour they sell buckets of beer for $10 or $12, I can't remember exactly, as I don't drink beers from the beer giants.Came here after a softball game where the field is right across the street - awesome climate with games to play and it has AC! They have Miller Lite buckets for $10 but not sure if that's every week night. Great spot to hang out.Went there because we heard the burgers were good. The burgers were not good. People near us got the Wednesday night special meatloaf and were very content. The courtyard is awesome and the beer selection is good.Delicious and cheap.  Nice people and beer.  What more do you?  Try the andouille slidersI've already written a review for Mid City Yacht Club, so I'm updating it with my experience from last night.
I stopped in to have the mussels because I'm a mussel luvuh, and several friends have recommended them.
They didn't disappoint!  I received a really generous serving for $10.  The broth was a thin and flavorful broth heavy on garlic, onion, and fennel.
Although I would've preferred it to be served with fries, the bread that it came with was tasty.
I've never been disappointed with the food at MCYC.  I think a lot of people don't think to eat there because it's a bar. If you haven't tried it (especially the burgers), you're missing out.Best bar in Mid City.Bartenders are cool
.Laid back ,always have a good time here.Cool people Cool staff.Kitchen is now open. Finally got around to trying it out yesterday. I'll probably be working my way through the menu options over the next few weeks, but so far I've enjoyed everything that I've tried.Best bar food around, not your typical bar fare but every bite is tasty. The courtyard is outstanding year round. Best place to drink in the city!Dig this spot. Looking at moving to Marigny and will pay uber fees to make my way here. Good peeps. Great tacos. Neighborhood bar.TLDR: OMG OMG AMAZING FOOD!!! overpriced drinks, kinda cranky staff sometimes
Good beer selections, a little over priced, and they don't refill things drinks like soda, which erks me because they serve food.  
The food is off the chains and really reasonably priced. HOLY DAYUM. I'm living around the corner for a month, and I can't decide if their food is an albatross or a godsend, because I really shouldn't be eating out all the time.  The mussels are $10, super delish, and a great size serving for the $$. We tried the fried shrimp - awesome. The burger, also awesome. Garlic-Parm Fries - Killer and $5.  Don't remember what else but everything we've ordered there has resulted in a divine "fuck yea" moment as they exit those swinging kitchen doors a deliver those glorious baskets of YUM. 
The atmosphere is simple, classy, neighborhoody, with a lot but not over-the-top amount of TVs. There are tons of games to play, board games, pool, backyard games... Its a fun spot, sports are a big priority.
Watch out for cranky bartenders. I don't know whats up with this one fella but he consistently ignores me for around 5 minutes before reluctantly taking my drink order, only if another bar tender doesn't get to me first. When my lady gets up to order, he's on it right away..  Its seriously weird and has happened on multiple occasions.   I'll keep tipping well and try to be polite. We're trying to hard to be good regular customers.. but damn, he really makes a stranger feel like a stranger.  I'm not from here, but I have become accustomed to a little souther hospitality.   WHAT UP WID'IT MANE BE COOL!What a neat little find, nice to get out of the French Quarter, take the streetcar north for 15 minutes to MidCity and walk a few blocks through a very well-kept neighbourhood. Feels more like somebody's home than a yacht-club (though a local told us that back in the day there were yachts nearcy). It was college football Saturday, it's a Big 10 bar! We sat outside watching the games on the outdoor TV, nice cocktails, cheap buckets of beer, fried sports bar stuff (but pulled pork balls!!!)...great time and very good service for a busy bar.Not sure what else could go right on a night out. Excellent service and spectacular drinks with great bar food and we were happy campers.  The tap beer selection included local brews and the hot drinks were topped with sugared oranges, peppermint whip cream.  The food was obviously entirely made on site. Crab balls are all crab and no filler with a tangy horseradish sauce.  The fries were not frozen which is great.  My friends burger was above and beyond what we expected.  Excellent night out!Wonderful establishment! They have something for everyone! The inside bar is smoke free, the back patio is dog friendly, and the food is WAY above typical bar food standards. It is by far one of my personal favorite bars in the city. Definitely worth stopping by.Good neighborhood bar. Tasty food. Great outdoor patio. But...
2 stars is for WATERED DOWN DRINKS at happy hour. Have been with multiple people every mixed drink had the taste and feel of the last dregs of a rocks drink after the ice melts from first sip (even the Manhattan which only contains spirits so cannot be simply a case of extra mixer). The only conclusion I could reach is that the well liquor was watered down. Completely inexcusable for a neighborhood joint.
Go here, I guess, but stick to beer.If The Gambit ever creates a "Best of New Orleans" category for "dirtiest draft lines" this place will definitely win.  My wife and I ordered 4 different beers and all had that gross taste of rotten feet you get with a dirty tap.  
The place was packed though so I'm sure one bad review won't hurt their bottom line too much.
Side note: we were there during their crawfish boil.  Paid $20 at 5:30 and told to wait.  At 6 they said come back in 40 minutes.  40 minutes later, told us to wait another 40 minutes.  Not the fault of the bar since the chuckleheads running the boil are probably their own business, but jesus 2 full hours for crawfish??  They take 5 minutes to cook.  ooof.Great bartenders. Food is excellent. Had the shrimp "bar bites" on Saturday. Large portion & perfectly flash-fried.MCYC is my favorite bar in New Orleans (well, maybe it's tied with Avenue Pub). It's got absolutely everything I look for in a bar - a kickass courtyard, non-smoking inside, awesome food, great alcohol, reasonable prices. I love it so much that I had my wedding reception here - if that isn't a testament, I don't know what is!!Went there for lunch with my hubby. It is a neighborhood bar with very inexpensive drinks. I had their veggie infused vodka for only $3.50 or so. The food was very good. I had the Parm Cheese and Tuna Melt. It was good. My husband had the burger and I wish I would have ordered that. The service was good and so were the prices. I will return to play with their huge sized Jenga.Yet another gem of a bar bestowed upon us lucky patrons of Mid City.  I don't frequent here but whenever I am fortunate enough to make my way here, i am always pleased. Seems no matter what time of day or night you get here, the bartender's all seem pleased to serve.
There's a kitchen I believe, food of which I've yet to try, but I definitely have a good feeling about it all.the inside is clean and spacious, there's a pool table as well. Let's not forget that immaculate patio area. I love the all-wooded encasement of the outside area. Feels very fresh and edgy.
Prices are mean to the rest of the bars of the city outside of downtown. Funny, every time I've been here its either first thing in the morning, like literally I'm (or we're) the first customers in, or I'm there hella late and one of the last ones out. I know they get a crowd of hunnies tho, one due to some who've left reviews, and just the ones that I know personally who all speak highly of here.
Great place to find yourself anytime, check em' out for football Sundays as well, there's screens also for your viewing pleasure.Top 5 bar in the city! Andy and George are the greatest here. They have one of the best happy hours in the area and the burgers are on point. They have a cheap pool table as far as cost wise and just added the back patio so you can smoke and vibe out. Highly recommend coming here whenever you can.Great place to watch football! Waiters are very friendly. I also love the fact that they're dog friendly!Great diver bar and excellent menu... You will be back for more !!! Three thumbs up .. New obsessionA lot of friends of mine like this place. I think I might have missed something. Outside was open, but lacked something. Inside, was nothing great. Service was good. However, I did go on a week day? maybe? 
Anyways - it's a fun place, but not anything I would drive to.Totally enjoyed this quite little duck off. I will definitely be going back. Good food, drinks and atmosphere!Probably the closest bar to my house, so I've been there a few times.  Totally a neighborhood place, where you can sit around and watch TV with nice folks...
Which is not my thing...at all.  If I had a friend or two in town and I wanted to go somewhere and have conversation this would be a great place for that.  I might also end up watching some Saints games here (the away ones, when I'm not a slave to The Dome.)
They have a good, relatively low-priced beer selection and a bunch of specialty drinks (if you're into that.)  I got the food (apps only) and wasn't really impressed.  It was good, but the chicken especially wasn't worth it.
I'll probably use this more as a pit stop on my way out other places...just the kinda place I'll drop by to see if I recognize anyone, grab a beer, and be out.
Oh yeah...I feel like I have to clarify:  you don't have to dress like Thurston Howell III to come in here.  In fact, it's pretty damn casual.  The name can be a little misleading to some people...but it is the MID-CITY Yacht Club...it's a very Mid-City type place.Pretty much everything you could want in a neighborhood bar. No riff raff...clean bathrooms...excellent food...reasonably priced drinks...lots of seating...etc. Friday food special is fried shrimp tacos and the friendly & pleasant bar back/food runner guy brought me some special hot sauce that the chef makes himself...definitely ask for that. So good!Great place to watch a football game. Only negative is that the back room & courtyard have no bar or wait service.  With the many people they had there tonight, there should have been staff to take orders in the back.This may be my last Yelp review, since Mid City Yacht Club is a 90 second walk from my house, and my first visit has inspired me to be a professional drunk. They serve quite the array of infused vodkas; I tried the Skittles, Starburst and Sweet Tart versions, each with a little soda and lime, and am anxiously awaiting my next Willy Wonka-style bender. The bartender graciously talked me out of getting stupid with the bacon-infused vodka, but I'm sure some morning I'll saunter in for a bacony blood mary. The jukebox was cheap and had a great selection, and the drunker I got, the more the place filled up with real, live wiener dogs. A magical evening!No need for nautical themed attire nor boat shoes at this place, Mid City Yacht Club is simply a neighborhood bar, and a very good one at that. 
A great place if you just want to grab a drink with neighbors or close friends.  Not too loud, but not awkwardly quiet and empty either.
My favorite alcohol here has to be the flavored vodkas.  I hate vodka, I really do. Its one of those alcohols that makes me cringe even thinking about it, but their Red Hots flavored vodka is amazing.  Other candy flavored vodkas are available, including Skittles and Starburst.  
This place is a solid local bar, and is one of my go-to Mid City hang outs - doesn't hurt that I live like 4 blocks away.This is my favorite bar in town. I sometimes stray to other bars for a drink or two, but my heart is always with MCYC. They've got a collection of the best bartenders, friendly locals, and enough TVs to keep a group of adult onset ADD interested. They've recently announced plans to expand and build a court yard area, turning the inside bar into a non smoking location. I look forward to the changes.This is a great neighborhood bar. A word of warning though, stay away from the regular food menu. Their special event food is fine but they day-in, day-out menu is, hands down, the worst food I have eaten in New Orleans.Great neighborhood restaurant. Drinks are inexpensive. They also have infused vodkas like skittles, root beer and coffe. 
The outside patio makes you feel like you actually relaxing on a large old school yatch.
Bartenders are cool and friendly.
Buuuuuutttttt.... the reason why I come here is one thing and one thing only.... The Mussels, made with Harpoon UFO and spicy. I get them with the garlic parm fries. OMG the bomb.com!
Ok.... they changed the recipe for the mussels and its white sauce instead of red sauce.... still good, but not the same. I'd rather the other way... yeah the other way was better... kinda disappointed.
Ok... they went from changing the mussels recipe to getting rid of them all together. This was the only place you can get them at a cool bar and not an upscale restaurant, late night and they were awesome. I'm sooooo upset right now. I know I'm having a serious adult temper tantrum but I really loved the mussels here and now I'm not sure of purpose of me now coming.Certainly one of the best neighborhood bars in New Orleans. Bartenders Beth and Andy are awesome in every way. The bar food is solid; especially the fried shrimp. 
Beer is cheap, the back patio is great when the weather is nice. 
Seriously, what more could you want in a bar like this? Love it.I cant help but agree!  Best local bar in the city!  Crawfish Boils, BBQ.. ALWAYS something goin on in the park across the street! ... Super friendly locals.. great jukebox and dogs welcome!!.. (BBQ even sells dogfood.. gourmet smoked style).. and Doris's Famous Bloody Marys!.. cant help but love this place!! Everytime I visit NOLA.. It''s a must!!Wonderful courtyard in the back.  The crawfish season friday happy hour is a decent deal.  There's a wonderful welcoming vibe.Classy and comfortable! They have a great selection of infusions, and really know how to pour a drink- and the price is right (about 4.50 for a well) They seem to have teamed up with the park across the street where there are always softball and kickball games which makes for a great time. 
Be forewarned; a loud, obnoxious blonde neighbor tends to frequent and has sent me running out the door on more than one occasion! She just can't leave anyone alone... Not mean, just annoying.The bartenders were friendly and the drinks were reasonably priced but the let down was the food. There was nothing special about the bar food they offer. Will come back for the nice atmosphere and friendly staff.The MCYC has perfectly boiled crawfish during crawfish season, an inviting patio when the weather begs for you to sit outside and knock back a beer or three, it will virtually transport you to Happy Valley for a Penn State game and the folk who own / run it are committed citizens to the Mid City Neighborhood.  What mare could you ask!Ah yes Mid City Yacht Club, a neighborhood dive bar I almost forgot about. It has been almost 4 years since I last went here. I decided to Revisit because I noticed it was really close to where I live, that and I really wanted to get wasted last night.
In I step in again after all these years. Nothing here has changed much except the bartender and the people that were hanging out. This place was pretty lively for an off the beaten path neighborhood dive bar.  They got a pool table, video poker and a couple of arcade machines. The maritime theme gave this place its own feel. They have a juke box that has a lot of classic rock and punk rock songs on it. I remember when I selected "Turn the Page" by Bob Seger the noise level of the bar decreased dramatically.
They had a lot of beer on tap like Abita, fat tire and several others. The booze selection here was pretty vast. I know because I ordered so much booze last night that it would have drowned a fish. The bartender makes good screwdrivers and long island iced teas. In my opinion you can't consider yourself a good bartender unless you know how to make a decent long island iced tea.
Speaking of bartenders, the one I had was pretty cool. She had her hair styled and dressed similar to a 1940's pin up girl.  A very nice attitude she had, so "Jenny" as she introduced herself was a pretty cool bartender.
After I staggered out of the bar on my way home I left with a feeling of happiness. I was glad that I revisited this old haunt and even more glad that it is within a comfortable walking distance from where I live. I will definitely keep this place as an option for a neighborhood watering hole. By the way, if anybody else on here knows of some other dive bars in the Mid City area that are worth mentioning feel free to let me know. My only gripe is that it allows smoking, but most of the bars in New Orleans do so I guess it is no big deal.
So if you are looking for a happening little sports bar with an eccentric bartender in the Mid City area then check this place out!I would have given MCYC 4 stars if they hadn't started raising their prices over the last year and a half. One night my tab had me double take. 2 beers and 2 shots was $16! The prices have gone up significantly which keeps me from frequenting this watering hole as frequently as I would like.
However, I do like this place for a number of other reasons. The bar itself is cozy and the bartenders R-O-C-K. Andy has won city's best neighborhood bartender several years running now. In addition to great staff, they also have a fine menu of pub grub, often bordering on "ooh la la!" In other words, sometimes it tends to be fancy, yet affordable. Try the crawfish fries and gravy. Mmmm, gravy....
Also, MCYC was smoke free before the ban so they have had a few more years to perfect their outdoor patio space. The back is spacious and lit with bare strings up bulbs offering up atmosphere you might find dining on a European terrace. Plenty of picnic tables to sit at to enjoy a drink, and a fountain nearby. They also offer the "Boat House" an outdoor space that serves as a game room, or screening room tv shows or football games. It can also be rented out privately. With it's proximity of St. Patrick Park, this is also a great place to people watch or day drink on weekends when kickball is in season. Great neighbors, and great times at MCYC.The atmosphere is not like a traditional bar !
The outside patio is very spacious and has a fountain. To keep the patio guest cool there're many fans and misters making things very conferrable
The foods offered are full of different variety.
We stopped to have drinks and a bite with friends while on vacation . this first visit was a great experience  and we will be back .I was only there to meet some friends for an excursion to see Christmas lights in the adjoining neighborhoods.  I decided to have a draft beer and an appetizer while waiting for everyone to arrive.  I had to use some emergency cash because my bill did not meet the minimum amount required to use my debit card.  The appetizer I selected was the Cajun Crab Balls and the order consisted of seven golf ball sized crab balls.  They had  crab meat in the balls, but they were mostly a sort of cornbread ball that weren't seasoned very well. At least the beer was good and cold.Unassuming bar in mid city. We went early on a Saturday and quickly realized that this bar was a popular college football bar. There was one thing off though, they were all fans from other schools. It appears that they cater to alumni associations from around the country to come by and watch the games in groups. First was penn state and then ohio state fans pouring in. I have personal feeling on ohio, but I will not fault the bar for them. It was a fun experience watching the game with fans from other places.
On to the bar. A friend ordered a Sweetwater 420, which apparently caught the bartender off guard that it was on tap. She quickly figured it out and we had a laugh. They bartenders were friendly and eager to help. I liked the place and will have to come back to try food.So, I wrote a review for this place several years ago and they have had big changes since the renovation and menu update and deserve new review! I live down the street and have for 5 years now and have had varying experiences. Since they created a good pub menu, there are absolutely no complaints on food! It's awesome! I love the Parmesan fries and the burgers and apps! Drinks were never an issue either. Cool infused drinks and unique bloody Mary. Unfortunately, the only remaining factor for me that ultimately ruins occasional experiences is the one douchey male bartender that they have. I order take out sometimes when I can't spend the time in the bar. It says on the mobile app menu page to call and order. The same guy I have always had attitude from answers one night and tells me that they don't do take out, but that I'm lucky he isn't too busy and he will let me place a food order. No one else has said a word to me about not taking to go orders in the past. I usually place a $30 or more order and tip 15-20% anyway. His crappy attitude resulted in a smaller tip. The ladies that work in there are all really nice and the one other guy I have seen behind the bar when I go was friendly.This place is close to my heat and offers up some lasting memories.  My friends that frequent here are regulars and they know all the usual suspects.  Many a fun time has been had here.  This is a friendly little bar with a very cozy local atmosphere.  The prices are darn cheap and they pour a good drink.
MCYC is a great little hideaway spot near Jesuit and it is a great place to just sit and relax.  It can get a bit crowded on the weekends but people come and go through here quite a bit.
It's a perfectly good place to tuck away and have a cocktail and conversation with friends.Wow! This place knows how to make a tourist feel welcome! I love this place. Very nice people, extremely nice. Menu is great. Everything we had was spot on. Bar is great with good prices. This place is legit! Highly recommend this place to anyone visiting NOLA. Especially if you're a buckeye fan. This places name is also Cajun buckeyes! Go check it out! Delicious.One of the best bars in New Orleans, hands down.  I've been frequenting MCYC since I moved to the neighborhood a few months ago. The crowd is friendly, as are the bartenders. They have a good selection of beers on tap and interesting craft cocktails. The bar is smoke-free, and the patio is baller (and heated!).  What more could you want?
Good food, you say?  Well, recently, I brought my boyfriend along for his first visit. He ordered the bacon cheeseburger and we split some garlic parmesan fries. My boyfriend (bless his heart) is the biggest burger critic I know, but he was head-over-heels in love with his meal (even deeming it the "best burger he's had in New Orleans"). They have a decent selection of other entrees, sandwiches, and appetizers as well.  
I higghhhly recommend this place.  You won't be disappointed.Really awesome place, definitely a local bar that doesn't mind having a few out of towners. Came here on Sunday because there were too many dirt birds at the Bulldog and I had a great time. $2 high life's and a shitload of tvs AND wifi. Awesome.Mid City Yacht Club is walking distance from my house, so that earns me favor right there!
LOVE:
Pretty, new outdoor patio area with a fountain
Corn hole (though the bags are a joke.  If you're gonna have corn hole, invest in some decent bags)
Friendly staff
AMAZING parmesean garlic fries and burgers!
Interesting and fun patrons
Reasonably priced drinks
DON'T LOVE:
Crappy corn hole bagsThis is a great bar close to home.  Especially considering the fact that I don't have cable and I can come here to see baseball.  
See, unlike Banks St. Bar, I won't have some amateur alternative band riffing through a twenty minute jam, the lead singer howling, and overall volume of 150 decibels killing me 24/7.  And unlike Finn McCools, baseball probably won't ever get bumped off by soccer or other european sports and I won't have to deal with the british, irish, and australian people and their accents telling me, "Oi! Baseball is for wankers!"  That, and the fact that people frequent this place but it's never really packed give it a comforting sports bar-ish/pub feel.  At least, I haven't seen it yet at max capacity or completely empty.  
Beer is pretty fair.  I usually stick to $3 abita amber drafts.  One night that I went a woman kindly bought two rounds of shots for me and my gal and a couple others.  We all tried a few of their "infused" shots, which, according to Doris, are vodka (except for the gin w/ cucumber and basil) that they let sit in a container for two or three weeks with whatever ingredient they want to infuse it with.  Off the top of my head there was skittles, red hot (the candy), bacon, jelly bean (though she told us it didn't come out that great), and a few others.  I personally tried the skittles and the red hot shots when the woman bought the two rounds and they tasted very much like their respective ingredients and were very very good.  Afterwards I tried the gin infused with basil and cucumber which Doris made into a mojito...very good as well.  
Other nice things: pool table, juke box, and t.v.s.
Anyways, it's the attention to detail and personal touch that make this place a mainstay for regulars and "worth it" for those who drive over.  Also, I've met some very interesting characters here, but that's another story.Friendly bar staff and good food. We had the gator sausage and cheese fries. Good beer prices and chill music. I like that they are dog friendly. Will be back!