Went to MiLA for date night and was totally AMAZED! These chefs really know what they are doing! James Beard award winner! Hello!!!!
To start we had the Barbecue Lobster, Pan Roasted Sweetbreads and Corn Soup.  Our taste buds couldn't of been happier! Every ingredient complimented each other so perfectly. 
We had the Colorado Lamb and Sweet Tea Brined Duck for entrees and we were in awe over the flavors and portion size. 
We are both born and raised in NOLA and we declare this meal the very best we've had at a restaurant. The decor and ambiance was great. We didn't feel like we were just in some hotel restaurant. The service by Steven was impeccable and the bartender Tomas used his skills to compliment our meal by concocting some truly amazing cocktails. 
We would highly recommend MiLA to anyone, local or visiting, to dine here. I hear it's also a great spot for just having drinks. We will definitely be back sooner rather then later.We stopped in MiLa on Jan 1st to celebrate in the city. Great host and bartender. Service was very slow despite only a few people dining that night. Rolls were dry. The duck was severely overcooked and we sent it back. We also had the flank iron steak. With the exception of the bar, the  food and dining experience were not memorable.Seriously just told that it would take too much time for appetizers - on Saturday night at 7:00 with like 6 people in the place - good luck lasting another month........Had great service from a person named Rene. 
He was responsive and accommodating and he demonstrated exceptional timing when asking us if we needed anything without interfering with our conversation or work. Highly recommend Brioche French Toast as well as the Blue Crab Eggs Benedict. 
Also, reasonably priced breakfast buffet with old country grits, bacon, eggs, and better than average pastries.Rarely do I give 1 Star reviews, but this place deserves less. Snoody service combined with mediocre food (my duck was overcooked). Then being accosted by our waiter on my way out for a 10% tip was the last straw. I've worked in the service industry, you NEVER confront a customer over gratuity. Consider yourself lucky to get 10% after rude service and subpar food, James.I went early last Friday evening without a reservation with an old friend.  We really lucked out.  It's a nice, quiet place for conversation.
I ordered the seared tuna for dinner, and it could not have been more amazing.  Service was excellent as well.  Highly recommend.Solid reasonably priced breakfast for hotel restaurant in New Orleans. Yelp mistakenly shows it open only for lunch and dinner.Everything about this restaurant was excellent -- service, decor, but especially the food.  Fish preparations (which we tried) had subtle, complex flavors.  Terrific!Nice atmosphere, very attentive server, and great menu.  The food was pretty good, but not great.  I had the smoked tuna, which was good, but the mesquite flavor was a bit too  much.  The sweet potato rolls were the bomb though!Two years ago, I had one of the best meals I have ever eaten at MiLa. I remember exactly what we ordered. We started off with stuffed squash blossoms that had been lightly fried - delicious. Then, I had the sweet potato pappardelle with mushrooms and brown butter - absolutely amazing! Seriously, out of this world. Everyone else at the table enjoyed their entrees, as well. We finished with a deconstructed root beer float and it was outstanding. From start to finish, everything we ordered at MiLa was perfection! Absolute perfection. 
Naturally, for the last two years, my husband and I have recommended this restaurant to nearly everyone we know who lives in New Orleans- "You guys HAVE to go there! It was one of the best meals I have had EVER!" After all of that gushing over the last couple of years we realized we had actually never been back! So we did. And I desperately wish we hadn't.
Maybe it was an off night. Maybe the chef was home sick. Or maybe MiLa has lost that special perfection we delighted in two years ago. I really, really hope it isn't the latter. But the meal my husband and I had when we returned last weekend was such a huge thud of a disappointment! 
Upon first glance at the menu, I knew something was off.  Two paninis and a burger on the dinner menu?!  I seriously thought that the hostess had handed us the wrong menu by mistake. Apparently not. The other items offered had no appeal either. Where was the innovation? The complex techniques and flavors? Where was the MiLa I went to two years ago?!  Already, I was hugely disappointed. But, we decided to stay and make the best of it. We started off with a glass of wine and a cocktail. My husband's cocktail was nearly all liquor, so off to a bad start.  We then ordered the crab cakes. Simple. Boring. Not a MiLa crab cake. {At least, not what I thought a MiLa crab cake would be based on our last meal}.  The entrees didn't have much appeal, so we decided we'd ordered a panini and a burger and it would probably be the best we've ever had! Wrong again. The lamb burger was nearly all blue cheese. The lamb itself was barely detectable.  The short rib panini was such a huge mess and so utterly disappointing and unimaginative, I only ate a fourth of it. Both were served with homemade potato chips. Again, so run-of-the-mill.  So un-MiLa. We decided to take a look at the dessert menu and see if that amazing deconstructed root beer float was there to redeem our disappointing meal, but alas it was not. We couldn't bring ourselves to try any of the other options based on how the meal was going.
I am hoping that night was just an anomaly.  Surely they haven't changed so much! Either way, after that evening I am in no hurry to return, if we even do at all.I found that Mila had a very nice modern atmosphere to it. The staff was friendly but they became quite annoying, very fast. We went for breakfast and they seemed very overstaffed because the "runners" were just STARING at us waiting to see if we needed anything. And while over staffing is not necessarily a bad thing, we were asked way more than necessary if everything was ok and had been repeated some information more than a few times due to the over staffed service. 
The portion sizes for breakfast seemed smaller than expected but did fill me up. I had the corned beef hash and eggs with toast. They put potatos and also sweet potatos and pears. It was very good.
Overall I think the food was good but my experience was altered due to the immense staring.Had a wonderful breakfast here this morning and then free happy hour appetizers convinced us to try dinner.  Made the right choice.  Nice atmosphere, N'Orlins blues, attentive wait staff and that was before the food arrived.  Blew us away.  Sunchoke soup with truffle oil, shrimp and croutons was perfect.  Crap!  Forgot about the cornbread and sweet potato rolls with butter and Liam bean puree.  Then French baby chicken with crawfish and okra was the Best chicken I've ever had.  Nice find. And it was a quiet respite from the craziness of French Quarter....I stopped in today for the $20 lunch special, which I think is one of the best deals in town. I love their bread assortment, especially the cornbread with some of the lima bean puree. The sweet potato rolls are pretty good too but they just aren't as good as the sweet potato biscuits at Green Goddess. 
I was a little sad that their featured soup was a zucchini-crab bisque since the online menu said corn-crab (!!!). Last time I was there, it was a rutabaga (or turnip maybe) with crab. I really liked that one; the zucchini was good but needed salt. I also think starchy things like corn and root vegetables lend themselves better to that kind of soup than zucchini. But the crab was plentiful and delicious. 
For my entree, I had beef cheeks that were wildly tender and flavorful. The beans that came with them were slightly uninspired. The fish entree with quinoa and currants was great. For dessert, I had the banana ice cream with almond streusel. There was nothing resembling a streusel, more like little crispy crumbs sprinkled on the bottom. But tasty crumbs they were and nice, textural contrast to the creamy and lush banana ice cream.  
Pleasant and efficient service.This was maybe the best sit down meal I've had in a restaurant in over a year. Before discussing food, I will mention the service was off a tad... now we did go on a Tuesday night (8/4/09) towards the end of service (9pm ish I think) and I did roll in with jean shorts, black t shirt and basketball kicks (those of you that know me [or read about me], know I roll trailer park trash, cuz I am) besides I was here for 3 days, packed only a carry on and it was 97 sticky humid ball chafing degrees in New Orleans. I was accompanied by 2 of my young female coworkers, who were perhaps a bit more dressed for the ambiance. They did seat us promptly, so I didn't care. It took awhile to order, was not offered cocktails and we waited a good 30+ minutes for our entrees (even after the waiter said it will be out in a minute the porkchop is finishing, it was still another ~10min). There was a party in a separate room, but other than that fairly dead... regardless still 5 stars because the food was incredible!
Within 5 minutes of ordering, all three of us received an amuse-bouche. I can describe it only as a bruschetta with goat cheese, fermented vinegar (like a balsamic) a bit of oil and what I think was fresh basil. Fairly simple but quite rousing for the taste buds.
The complimentary sweet bread brought to the table was also served with a white (lima?) bean puree with butter (and perhaps a touch of garlic) it was great!
I got the zucchini soup with the lime infused cream swirl. Again, so delicious, simple, but the lime cream perfect complimented the freshness of the pureed squash... I used some auxillary sweet bread to clean the bowl. Did I mention the jumbo lump crab meat balled in the center? Ohhh, so sweet.
For entrees we had the sweet potato pasta (she remarked "best pasta I've ever had") the seared ahi tuna (the peppery crust was awesome) and I fot the porkchops, oh the best chops I've ever had. The presentation was amazing and pre sliced perfectly at about 3/16" with the sweet crispy crust fully intact on all pieces and topped with the sweet and savory banana pepper jam. Cooked medium/well, each bite was heaven and served with the side of goat cheese gratin.
It was unfortunate that by the time we finished the Chef Allison had left, I wanted to personally pay my compliments, I was wowed by some degree by the delicacy and freshness in each dish, something I don't always find when I venture out from my area of the US.
BTW - We chose MiLA because of the 4 locals we talked to, this was the only restaurant on all of their lists. This place is a gem, I hope to come back some day... don't miss your chance if you have it.Service was horrible. We had reservations for a week for a party of 8. The waitress took 30 minutes to bring us the wine menu then took another 20 before she came back to take our orders. We then had to wait for nearly an hour and a half to get our food and when it finally did come, it was cold.
The manager was nowhere to be found. I had to talk to the hotel manager who even admitted he couldn't find him after looking for 10 minutes. They finally comped the two meals that were cold and gave us an extra 15% off, but it definitely could not make up for the terrible service and cold food. I was truly disappointed. I had high expectationa since the reviews were so great but I will never be going back.I went for my birthday dinner at the recommendation of the hotel concierge. The atmosphere seemed nice though we weren't greeted properly. We decided to order a drink while we browsed the dinner menu. Only problem was that our waiter was no where to be found. After several minutes of waiting, we finally caught someone's attention so that we could place a drink order. My boyfriend ordered a specialty cocktail and I wanted a fruit martini -- turns out our waiter had never heard of fruit martinis (really, dude?!) and he was ignorant of what the bar was capable of making. After waiting and experiencing some pretty terrible drinks, we decided to get out of there as quick as possible to have a nice meal across the street at Domenica. Don't think we'll ever be coming back.Ambiance is a little strange but the food is fantastic.
Highly recommend.Wow. If this is what Mississippi and Louisiana become when they're united as one, I think the two states should form their own union. Our party of three walked in expecting an overpriced, slightly above-average dinner and were surprised when our waiter launched into utter praise for each of the dishes we had questions about. We were left undecided about what to have. 
We split a bottle of wine and enjoyed subtly-flavored sweet potato rolls and thin, a-tad-over-fried cornbread wedges before our entrees arrived. We shared tastings of the tuna, halibut, and young french chicken and were very pleased with the strong, yet strikingly different flavors of each dish. 
The chef has crafted a small, but strong menu that accomodates the taste of most diners. Portions are small but bursting with flavor. Savor and leave satisfied. We will be back (soon!).So imaginative!  I wasn't bored at this restaurant.  The menu was exciting and the meal was fabulous.  The staff was friendly and the drinks were amazing.  Hubby and I are still talking about it 6 months later! You won't be disappointed.Best old fashioned I've ever had, ever! Used real maraschino cherries (not those neon pink store bought ones). 
Top notch service at both the bar and at the dinning table. 
Delicious crispy skinned red snapper!Everything was beautiful in presentation, and the taste of every dish was excellent. It was unique in many cases, and the service was very nice. The place is quiet and great for a romantic dinner or conversation. I liked it -- I just can't remember anything that stood out that would make me crave it again. In a city of great restaurants, some dish needed to wow me. It didn't. Enough said.What's up with all the great reviews, fellow Yelpers? I was so underwhelmed with this experience. So blah! The bisque was under seasoned, the monkfish was hugely over seasoned, and the tenderloin was so heavy that it just made me sad to eat it. My husband and I decided to do the tasting menu - apparently that was the wrong choice. There are so many amazing restaurants to try in New Orleans, use this as a last resort.Breakfast buffet including eggs, bacon, oatmeal, bagels, fruit, pastries...and any drink of the many. 
You won't get a better breakfast anywhere close by. 
Oh...the price? Only 11 dollars. Insane.Had a great time at Mila. Aside from the delicious dinner the service was very professional and personable. Highly recommend Mila.Mila seems to get overlooked in food circles, but it proves time and again that it belongs in the discussion of worthwhile New Orleans restaurants. I've dined here several times in the past two years and have enjoyed every aspect of the meal. Specifically, the salad and soup appetizers are always fresh and delicious followed by a good size portion of fish for lunch or dinner and the desserts always please. As a bonus, they offer French press coffee and a great selection of teas. I highly recommend this place for a quick or not so quick healthy lunch or dinner.OK so I've been trying to get to MiLa for months i finally had time so i went. I was not disappointed food was great wine was good and the servers were friendly . I started my meal of with a Rabbit Pate with buttered crostini, whole grain mustard and bread and butter pickles ( its normally a venison pate today they switched to rabbit which for me was the deal breaker i loved it) I paired it with a light Sauvignon Blanc. for the main course i had a Filet with creamy grits, shiitakemushrooms, root vegetables, and a red wine reduction sauce. i paired it with an earthy New Zealand Pinot Noir. That Filet is in my Top Five of all-time flavors were bright and i ordered it medium-rare, the preparation of the dish was spot on! By dessert time i was stuffed, but with me having a great app, even better entree' i had to have dessert. I finished of with a palate cleansing sorbet trio of local citrus and i love ice wine and was pleasantly surprised by the restaurant having Inniskilin Vidal so i had to have a glass. MiLa is a great restaurant and i will be back!!!I went to MiLa a few months ago for my boyfriend's birthday. The visit started off on a bad foot - I had made reservations for 7:30 on a Tuesday (assuming I wouldn't really need them, but I always prefer to have reservations when it is a special event). We arrived on time, and then were told that we would have to wait a bit. Rather than being motioned to the bar, we were pointed to a standing cocktail-type table in the restaurant. As we had reservations, and were not told to stand at the bar, we assumed it would just be a minute. Twenty minutes later, we were staring at the half empty restaurant, wondering why in the world we had not been sat yet.
When we were finally sat, service was extremely slow and disorganized. We had to ask for waters, and for a cocktail menu. Which would be fine at Chilis, but not at a restaurant like MiLa. To give full credit, the manager on duty (Pedro?), came by our table repeatedly, and let us know they were short-staffed. He actually did the majority of the waiting/order-taking for us, and I appreciated that he was working hard. Besides him, the rest of the staff was non-existent/not helpful. As I said before, asking for refills of water, or asking to have the table bussed is not acceptable at this caliber of restaurant.
While the service had a negative affect on the evening, the food itself was outstanding. One of the highlights was the lima bean puree served with cornbread at the beginning of the meal. Outstanding. I had the asian-inspired fish dish for my entree (can't remember the exact name), which I thoroughly enjoyed. We also ordered the deconstructed Oysters Rockefeller, which were delicious, but a tad difficult to eat.
Overall, the food was delicious, but the overall experience was definitely not worth the price. Go to Bayona/Commanders instead.If I could score a zero, I would. Service is absolutely horrible. We were the only party dining but there were long gaps of time between each course. The waiter was not attentive and rude. I always see the place empty when I walk by and now I know why. Will never dine here ever again.Visited 8/2/2014 during my bday weekend festivities.
It was ok.  Not great.  Not bad.  Just ok.
SERVICE
Average at best.  The place was not busy when we went (3 or 4 tables) but somehow our waiter was gone for long periods.  When the waiter was with us, he was nice though.  The wait between courses was a little long considering the lack of customers.
FOOD
N.O. BBQ Lobster: amazing!!!
Buttermilk Poached Chicken: a little dry to me (I prefer dark meat) so I requested more lobster sauce and the waiter made it out like it may be a problem to get the chef to give me more stating "I'll see if the chef will give you more".  Ummm ... I'm the paying customer.  The chef should be giving me whatever I want seeing that I'M PAYING FOR IT.  With more sauce, the dish was much better.  Great flavors.  
Peanut Butter Stuffed Chocolate Tart: pretty good / different but good
OVERALL
I'm not rushing to get back there, but if a group was celebrating something there I'd definitely go!Haven't made it here for dinner yet, but our wonderful experience with lunch makes me want to try the dinner for SURE.
$20 for three fine dining courses at lunch. It has to be the best deal in the city. We had pumpkin soup with scallops, short ribs, and rice pudding. The service was excellent and friendly as well. 
Can't wait to try it at night!Really special place MiLa is! From any and all perspectives, this is one of the finner dinners we had in New Orleans. Can't find any fault other than the meal ended up being served in a somewhat rushed fashion and not paced as you'd expect with dinning in a nice place. Waiter was great and just think the kitchen had too much time on their hands given the place was slow at the hour we were there. Again, LOVED it and highly suggest for any foodie!!Superb food & great service for us! The vegetarian tasting menu supplied for my fiancée was excellent & all matched wines worked brilliantly!Great breakfast.  Will eat here again.  The coffee will grow hair on your chest though.We've been hearing about MiLa for years but hadn't made it there; two young kids make it tough to have date nights.  My wife's really excited to eat local, organic, sustainable so MiLa seemed perfect.
We didn't realize until seeing the menu that the chefs (husband and wife team) had moved on.  Seems they took with them some of the favorite dishes: Lima bean purée, deconstructed oyster Rockefeller, root beer float, truffled grits were all missing.  Also no specialty cocktails; definitely a
-1.  In their place were some mildly creative versions of what you'd expect in NOLA.  We started with an oyster cobbler and rabbit creppinette; entrees we had a short-rib w/ shrimp dish and a Cornish game hen.  The cobbler and short rib were better than average.  The dessert menu only had 3 choices-- the creme brûlée was tasty but again nothing special.  Combined with stale-ish bread and weak coffee, we won't be coming back.Blondie and I dropped in here for an after dinner drink.  Our bartender, Sam, mixed great drinks... In fact, made a far superior Pimm's Cup than we had at the Napoleon House.
Nice atmosphere and friendly people working there.  A bonus if you are staying nearby and want a quick beverage before you call it quits for the day.MiLa was a very good experience overall, although I really enjoyed my dishes, my husband wasn't as thrilled with his selection so I', rating this place 3 stars overall. 
We were quickly seated in a private booth, and I was feeling a bit uncomfortable with the AC on full blast.  We were looking forward to some warm dishes to heat us up.  For the appetizers, we ordered the baked lobster - it was very good.  The sauce was tasty, the lobster cooked well.  I enjoyed the flavors and my husband thought they were pretty good.  He was more interested in the delicious breads and lima bean puree that is served.  
For our main dishes - I tried the chicken - it was perfectly crisp and the sauce was full of incredible flavor - perfect cajun and soft buttery blend to leave a tantalizing flavor in your mouth.  This was definitely a winning dish.
My husband ordered the striped bass, and the food was good but not great or anything special compared to the bursting flavors you come to expect while in NOLA. 
The service during the meal was pretty good.  A little slow in taking our order, but afterwards everything went well.Dinner at MiLa was our best meal in New Orleans, and that's saying something because we had some pretty amazing meals during the week we were there.
The chefs are passionate advocates of the sustainable table and that commitment was carried forward by our waiter, Steven, with whom we had a great conversation about several books and documentaries about the food industry (Food, Inc., Food Matters, Eating Animals, etc.).  
As it was October, the restaurant was taking part in a city-wide (supposedly, though this was the first time we heard about it) fund raising campaign in which restaurants were donating part of the cost of a health-conscious meal to the Susan G. Kommen Foundation.  MiLa's menu for this event consisted of a beautiful salad, a main course featuring barley and a dessert of apple sorbet.  My husband chose this and I sampled each course.  All were outstanding.  I order (and shared) the Oysters Rockefeller "deconstructed."  The spinach was a little dominant, but the dish was still very tasty.  For the main course, I had Smoked Pepper Dusted Tuna.  The tuna was served perfectly rare and the accompanying black eyed peas and vegetable brunoise were a delicious complement.  Portions were ample.  The meals come with little triangles of green onion cornbread and sweet potato rolls that are too good to pass up (even if you're trying to avoid filling up on bread).
There were many intriguing and tasty-sounding items on the menu.  Judging by the quality of our dinners, anything would have been great.  There are also several vegetarian options.
This is a very different, must-try restaurant.Okay so I gave the place two chances.  Now I can feel confident in expressing my disappointment.  Maybe I am ordering the wrong things, maybe I am expecting too much from chefs that source A LOT of locally grown produce and product.  Not sure what the problem is, but alas, here I am disappointed once again.  
The service was okay.  Initially it was pretty attentive but as the server got more tables, the less service we were provided.  In fact, by the time out entrees came out, the server didn't check on us until our dinner was finished.  We were fine, but still, no check in, no "hey is everything ok?", nothing.  The backwaiter was great, refilling our waters and bussing the table as we were finished each course.  
Now, for the food.  I got the fried green tomato salad.  It was ok.  The tomato was fried perfectly but I had a problem with the frisee.  It did not state on the menu that there was frisee and not being a huge fan, I would have ordered something else.  It also had some kind of shaved candied pecans but they were few and far between, maybe four little slivers.  My friend got the oysters and she said they were really good.  Again, maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  
For my entree I got the pappardelle.  Now, in all fairness, I am a pasta snob.  And in the form and style of the pasta itself, it was pretty good.  Not too gluey, not too al dente, pretty decent. Wait I had an issue with was the fact that it was a sweet potato pasta with a sweet sauce.  There was no balance in the flavors, no saltiness, just sweet and rich.  For $19, it was a grave disappointment.  My friend got the lamb and I had a bite.  It was ok, but for $30+ it should have been much better.  
Like I said, I was expecting more.  And maybe that's where the problem lies.Went here with a dinner group last night. Can I just say WOW? The service was pretty darn great without being patronizing. The amuse-bouche of curry coconut shrimp they brought us was fantastic, although we were a little miffed that the three vegetarians with us didn't get something similar. An excellent green soup followed--I think it was broccoli but can't be certain because their website is down at the moment. My main dish of pork cheeks was UNBELIEVABLE, so tender you could cut it with your fork, SO GOOD I even ate the brussels sprouts around it and I don't like brussels sprouts. Dessert was a vanilla rice pudding that was cool, fresh and wonderful.
My last few experiences with "concept" restaurants like this have not been good (Cochon, anyone?) but MiLa pleasantly surprised me. My only issue with the meal was that the vegetarians dining with us seemed to get the short end of the stick--their entrees just didn't look as appealing, and like I mentioned above, they got no amuse-bouches, which I found kinda tacky, as the restaurant knew we were coming and that we were bringing veggie heads with us. Other than that, MiLa was superb and I'll definitely try to go again.My boyfriend and I frequently walked past this place and always wanted to try it. So when we couldn't get a reservation for Restaurant August for my birthday dinner, we decided to finally try this place out. My coworkers gave it good reviews but said they haven't been since the original chef/owner pair left. I ordered the New Orleans BBQ shrimp and grits and he had the fried green tomato (without the crab bc he's a  vegetarian) to start. Both were amazing! The BBQ shrimp was perfectly flavored and well cooked, as were the grits. And his fried green tomatoes had an amazing batter, was crispy on the outside, and nice and hot on the inside. So so good. These were definitely the highlights of the whole meal. For our entrees, he ordered the basil pappardelle and I had the yellowfin tuna. Both was just average. The tuna came with a cauliflower purée that was rather tasty, and definitely helped the tuna. But the pesto was a disappointment and more reminiscent of a blended spinach mixture (in texture). His basil pappardelle was ok, the noodles and mushrooms were well cooked, but was a little lacking in flavor.The white asparagus soup is what you should start your meal off with every time you go there.  The service was impeccable from beginning to the end. The management staff was extremely nice; so nice that they gave me and my party a FREE rice pudding dessert that was ridiculously good.I should have know better when we walked in on Mothers day, and there was hardly anyone there. 
To start with they gave us the wrong menu. Ofcourse the entrees we had chosen were not on the new one they gave use. It was a $55 prix fixe menu for 3 courses.
We had the goat cheese ravioli swimming in a hollandaise type sauce.Very rich, but not complex or intricate in flavors,. We also had an asparagus salad which was good..it was a salad.
We ordered the pork grillade and flounder. The grillade was good, again very rich with a pork belly type flavor. The flounder however was so bland, I could not believe this was coming out of  one of New Orleans top kitchens. There was some greens along side the fish that were as bland as the fish. There was nothing redeeming on that plate. 
The manager came over, and offered to give me a new entree, which i accepted. I ordered the chicken breast with a lobster sauce. Basically a beure blanc with a lobster reduction, once again too rich with no subtilties. Deserts were nothing special, rice pudding and a date ice cream.
Our server was pleasant, though not overly knowledgeable.
For $ 167 for lunch with tip,I expect a lot more.MiLa was good, but not great. I was really looking forward to eating here based off of some of the menu options that I have read about in other reviews, but was very disappointed by the menu on the night of our dinner. Three of six dinner entree options were sandwiches, which I expect of a lunch menu, but not dinner. Since I wasn't really looking for a sandwich, I got the pork chop, which was good and a huge portion (probably too much). My boyfriend got the flat iron steak which was good and a fairly small portion (probably a bit too small). I guess I just expected more consistency and a little more creativity.Doing NOLA in 12 hours is near impossible, and sadly that was my dilemma. I am indebted to Betty N (bettygeek.yelp.com) for graciously offering her expertise, knowledge, and insight assisting me in navigating about her hometown. Merci beaucoup, Betty!
Quite tragic was not being capable of visiting half of her recommendations due to time conflicts...and lack of stomach space! While attempting to dine at Lüke, we were greeted with an hour wait, then to Acme Oyster House with another 45 minutes wait. In my desperation, I harnessed the power of my fellow yelpers and found MiLa. Made a reservation on my OpenTable app (because you don't receive opentable points when reserving via Yelp app) and was seated in 10 minutes.
How special is MiLa? Special enough to impress this LA (Los Angeles) native. With its swanky decor and imaginative fine dining menu, friendly and attentive waitstaff that allow you to dine in comfort without rushing, I felt right at home!
MiLa starts you off with delicious Scallion Cornbread & Sweet Potato Bread Rolls complimented by Lima Bean Purée and Butter. While their Scallion Cornbread was tasty with a very distinct lingering flavor of scallion, pairing it butter was exactly as you would imagine a standard cornbread & butter tandem would taste. Much more marvelous is the collision of their Sweet Potato Bread with Lima Bean Purée! You will be tempted to ask for more because they are a unique marriage of flavors! But don't fill up on bread, the best is yet to come...
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=4SQx39NKgcpICFtaSszaMw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=rc1C0cUj-o2Zb6YlRtQp-g
While MiLa offers a Tasting Menu (which I regret not partaking of) with optional Wine Pairing, we opted to order off the standard menu.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=oZ97wkmMZX0DVwcjx7bMHw
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=lCub_rVAKIbuUzB-0FN_Mg
Chefs Rushing provided a very delectable amuse bouche of Squash Blossom Lobster Beignet that not only amused the mouth...it served as a tease!
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=8dG9wKP0x1-ka8W8zZ2aCQ
Terrine of Foie Gras ($18.00): 5/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=Av7MkqQZoC-ozgIXvVh9xg
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=prA3zqxQBUgony5nJ5jb7w
Quite possibly the most inspired Foie Gras I've ever had. MiLa's "Housemade Strawberry Jam" generously topped the terrine yet it's generous strawberry preserve did not overpower with sweetness but served as an ideal compliment. For optimal enjoyment, assemble a bite with equal portions of Foie Gras, jam, frisée, and buttermilk biscuit. Truly a revelation!
New Orleans Barbeque Lobster ($20.00): 5/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=FlY_7xgUcWaArvDdGw_WrA
Would you believe that I DO NOT have an affinity for lobster, crab, or oysters? Lobster is done right here at MiLa. Never have I consumed claw meat so flavorful, sweet, and tender. All ingredients where in perfect harmony, from the Lemon Confit, to the Light BBQ seasoning and ideally toasted baguette. Suffice it to say, I would be completely ecstatic to dine on MiLa's Terrine of Foie Gras & NO BBQ Lobster alone!
Sweet Tea Brined Rotisserie Duck ($32.00): 3.25/5
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/M8ONtZM80_LYC2Q3iqU5SA?select=GSQud_d409-N7FsO5eMICA
While this dish could simply earn 4.5 stars, it was penalized due to mostly dry duck meat. Whether or not the sweet tea brine depleted its fat content or perhaps a little on the overcooked side is subject for debate. Some bites were superbly moist and united flavors well with the included wilted greens, roasted beets and date reduction. Finally, I found this dish to have a bit of rubbery skin.
Attention L.A. yelpers: While in NOLA and seeking a chic, comfortable dining experience with West Los Angeles appeal, look no further than MiLa. Think of it as home...without pretentiousness and snooty 'tudes!Mila told us there were no reservations available until 9:30pm.  We got there early figuring we would just wait at the bar until a table opened up.  The hostess was ready with menus in hand, eager for us to come into the empty restaurant.  Why didn't they have anything available when we called earlier that day?  The food was pretty good.  It was just pricey and somewhat forgettable.  I didn't walk away from Mila with any desire to come back.  Although, they brought out a root beer dessert dish to celebrate my friend's birthday and that was delicious!!  Very creative and tasteful!  And the service was delightful.  There is always great service in New Orleans!Located inside the Pere Marquette building, this restaurant sure hits close the spot right on.  We decided to go for dinner last minute, and we were able to quickly book a spot through OpenTables.  The garage is convenient bc there's valet.  From the garage is a quick walk inside to the restaurant.
Food was amazing.  We tried everything recommended to us.
Appetizer: New Orleans BBQ Lobster - not what you think in a typical "BBQ" sauce; Lobster was prepared perfectly - Plumped & Juicy
Dinner: Crispy Baby French Chicken : THIS IS A MUST TRY!!! The skin was PERFECTION! Crisp & Light and the chicken was moist and flavorful
Dessert: Root Beer Float AGAIN A MUST TRY!! Not your typical Root beer float at all.  Very interesting twist to the traditional!
Excellent Food, Great Service, & as always Great Company with my husband..=)I came here for drinks and Henry made the 2nd best cocktail I have ever had in my life. I travel the country 90 nights a years. His sazac  is the best I have ever had. He is a true master craftsman of this drink and takes such pride in making it. This is a must stop in nola just for this cocktail.This restaurant was terrible. While it started out okay (the lima bean puree was very good), our server was absolutely awful and things just went downhill from there. Our appetizers were okay. My husband thought the lobster was very overcooked and the oysters were okay. I was trying to be positive since this was his birthday present and we had a gift certificate. The drinks we had from the bar were marginal at best and we had to flag our waiter down to even order a second drink. He made himself scarce for most of the meal. It took a long time to get our mains and our waiter never bothered to come check on us or see how we were doing. My steak was disgusting, cold and so full of fat, I could maybe eat a third of it. The waiter finally came to take our plates and asked how everything was. I said "not very good" to which he said nothing and walked away. We waited five minutes and then proceeded to leave, tossing the certificate to them as we left. We had calculated the total and our certificate more than covered the bill but my husband went back to voice our concerns and talk to the manager to make sure he knew the bill was covered. The manager said the total was $150 and the certificate was for $200 so we were "square." Really? That's a $50 tip for one of the worst servers we ever had. Oh, and the manager's attempt to make it up to us? A free glass of wine on our next visit. I've never been so upset after eating at a restaurant and, needless to say, we'll never go there again. I strongly suggest you never go there either.This was one of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans and we would dine here almost every time we would go to a play at the Saenger, but now that the chef's have left for another restaurant(I have been told Brennan's) I will not return to dine here again for dinner. We went for dinner the opening night for The Phantom of the Opera and the dinner menu has completely changed. The sweet breads are gone, the corn bread with the lima bean puree is also gone, as well as the boneless chicken. The service was terrible and the wine cellar was almost empty! If they are not going out of business, they should be! Everything that I encountered that night leads me to believe it is only a matter of time.We came here for breakfast and ordered of the menu...  Their buffet is very limited and $17 for scrambled eggs, sausage and bacon and some grits is a little too much...
Eggs Benedict was blend and hollandaise sauce was almost missing (that's how little they put) plus it wasn't flavorful at all. It's a shame to screw up basic classic eggs Benedict  
It was a convenient location from our hotel and we didn't feel like walking too far...Our salads (Crab Cobb and Seared Scallop) were fine. Nothing to write home about. Well and freshly prepared. The crab meat was wonderful. I saw some other interesting items, but we were looking for a light lunch. 
Service was a bit spotty. 
I just felt like I was in Disney with the high-back, bold-colors and curving arrangement of the decor and I felt like our waiter had other things to do.
If I try again, I'll go for dinner and see if I "missed" something.Last night I had my second meal at MiLa and it was divine!  
Having dined here for lunch and dinner I can tell you that the experience is consistently wonderful.  The service is excellent and would meet your expectations for an upscale casual dining experience.
Portion size is small for entrees, but only because the meal/menu is intended to be a multi-course experience; if you have a combination of an appetizer, roll, entree and dessert - if you're an overachiever, you will be more than satisfied.
If you go once or frequently, always, always, always get the sweet breads.  They are beyond amazing and are served with truffle oil grits - do I really need to keep selling this place?  You should be mapping directions and driving down Carondelet to grab a table.  The sweet breads and grits are so perfectly prepared that they will cause that food orgasm smile to creep up the corners of your mouth and make your eyes roll back - SERIOUSLY.
The servers are charming, witty and know their food.  Here's my most selections/recommendations:  bacon-wrapped venison; scallops with brussel sprouts; seared tuna.  The butter or other spread is great on their specially made bread selections...varies.  Your server will not steer you wrong on recommendations and trying to commit to only what you can eat will prove quite the challenge.  If you find you're indecisive, not to fret, as the left side of the menu offers a tasting menu of about seven courses that can be ordered with or without wine pairings.  Nicely played, MiLa, nicely played.
I love, love, love eating here.  The ambiance is intimate..dimly lit and modern, it's appropriately designed for the chic, downtown, artsy types that may find themselves downtown or stay at the Pere-Marquette hotel (the restaurant is located within the Marriott, but has a separate entrance).  I can't remember if they validate parking or not, but if you don't like valet parking, few meters are available, but you can find several parking garages/lots within two blocks or less.
I wish I could share pictures, but the only thing better than the food or service was the company...I even forgot to check in, but do me a favor and check it out.  It's absolutely wonderful!Oh, MiLa! I have had you on my list for ages to try out and finally got the chance - you lived up to every expectation. After a few cocktails at Victory in the CBD, my colleague suggested MiLa - and I quickly agreed, recalling all the fabulous Yelp reviews. We arrived to a sparsely populated dining room - blame it on a Wednesday - and were immediately seated in a large booth. 
The decor reminds me of modern luxury - very plush, very over the top but still minimal and striking. It's a hard look to capture and MiLa does it with panache. Our server was very knowledgable about the menu and allowed us to peruse the wine list and appetizers while she brought the most delicious fresh bread I've had in NOLA with soft sea salt butter and a Lima bean purée. We wouldn't - couldn't - let her clear the bread and noms before we finished every last bite. Settling on a Willamette Valley Pinot Noir, my latest obsession, I was pleased to notice they have a wine for every taste - including my other obsession: the Veuve Cliquot Yellow Label - in every price range. 
Being in the CBD, I'm sure this place gets plenty of business travelers like me, but our server took her time to explain and describe the menu in detail, including her favorites. It was a gracious task and one I appreciate - New Orleans folks know their food. To start, we decided upon the Oyster Rockefeller Deconstructed and the Squash Blossoms with creme fraiche and crab. We could not have done better! The oysters came beautifully deconstructed on a bed of puréed spinach, with a light white wine sauce, creamy dollop of a very tasty Brie and a bacon "chip" resting atop. Each bite was a delicious variation on a NOLA staple. There simply aren't enough bacon chips in my daily cuisine. The squash blossoms were beautifully fried in a tempura batter, atop a pumpkin purée and filled with a well balanced mix of creme fraiche and generous lumps of crabmeat. No bacon chip included, but we still enjoyed them immensely. 
We followed our excellent starters with the crispy baby French chicken and the sweet potato pappardelle with mushroom caps. We like to share each entree and our server graciously brought us small plates to help with that process. No judgment here - if we want to taste everything, she was certainly willing to help us in that endeavor. The sweet potato pappardelle was beautiful, rich burnt orange strips of pasta lightly tossed in a white wine sauce with beautiful mushroom caps. If I was a vegetarian, this is how I would dine. I am not, however, a vegetarian (thankfully!) and so I dug into the crispy baby French chicken with delight. Pan fried and served with 2 tiny wings and 2 tiny chicken breast, each was beautifully battered and resting atop cheesy grits.  Yes, we cleared both plates. Again, no judgment here.
A meal such as this cannot end without dessert. It's simply not possible. And so we mustered up the courage and descended into full and complete gluttony: bananas foster creme brûlée AND peanut butter chocolate tart. Yes, I know it was excessive and NO, I don't care. It was a perfectly sweet ending to a delightful meal - the creme brûlée came complete with sliced bananas and a beautifully crispy crunchy top, concealing a creamy pudding interior while the chocolate peanut butter tart was so decadent, so crispy and chocolatey, so RICH that we had to signal surrender and throw our white napkins in the air. 
A Pimm's cup finale and a French press for my colleague (they don't have cappuccino - noted for the coffee fanatics), we finally poured ourselves out of the booth and found our way home, happily stuffed with memories of sugary desserts filling our heads.Gumbo is watery, tasteless,will little mushy grains of rice. I do not recommend going to this restaurant. I see why it is empty on a Friday night.Loved it both times! My husband and i tried their vanilla bean rice pudding at the New Orleans Food and Wine Experience a couple of years ago. We couldn't wait to try the the restaurant. Yes, the pudding brought us to the restaurant:)  
The menu is ever changing. I like that.  The food is southern comfort meets elegance. 
The ambiance is magnificent. Minimal yet exquisite and chic!This was by far the best meal we had in Nola. After a week that included Commander's Palace, August, Cochon, Bayona, Green Goddess and other places, MiLa deliver local inspire, international quality food. 
While the creativity and flavours may not be up to the level of French Laundry and Eleven Madison Park the food has the technique and complexity that I didn't find at many Nola restaurants.
When we were there on a Saturday night, it was less than half full but the service was excellent. The style is a contemporary replay of mid-century modern. The southern influence is in the food.
There is a nice looking tasting menu but as the French Spouse is pescatarian we skipped it and ordered a la carte.
They start you with two kinds of bread and spreads as well as an amuse of oil dressed tuna.
We started our courses with a daily special of stuffed zucchini blossoms, stuffed with crab meat and fried. They were large and delicious. A bit more fried than I am used to in California but not too heavy on the batter.
We then went traditional with next course with white asparagus soup with a seared scallop for the French Soup and Sweetbreads in truffled grits in a sherry jus.
The white aspargus was bursting with free from the patch flavour and wasn't overly rich like so many soups in Nola. The scallop was cooked perfectly.
The sweetbreads were far better than the ones I had the day before at Bayona. The grits were good but the jus was far too salty for me to eat all the grits. 
Our entrees were the sweet potato parpardelle for the French Spouse and the lamb and short rib for me. The portions were large, maybe not massive like they often are in Nola but larger than you will find in NYC or San Francisco. 
My lamb was cooked nice and rare with a good sear on the outside and it was so flavourful and delicious. The short rib was bit too caramelized for me but a nice addition. It was served with pasta & veggies.
The French Spouse's pasta was in a brown butter sauce and together with the wild mushrooms had the earthy rich satisfying taste that makes you eat the whole dish. 
We finished with a french press, tea and the "root beer float" which was Vanilla Bean Bavarois, a frozen saboyon bar, Ginger Snap Tuiles, layered on top & Abita Root Beer Sorbet on top of that with a molasses drizzle. It wasn't too sweet but really captured a root beer float. Best dessert we had in New Orleans. 
The service was excellent, professional without being overly or underly formal, everyone including the expeditors who delivered the food were knowledgeable about the dishes. It was the kind of service that was missing from most of the Nola restaurant institutions as well as Cochon.
I would strongly recommend this restaurant to anyone used to having high standards in food as well as wanting to eat local inspired food. 
If your idea of a good time out is drinking beer on the street on Bourbon Street, you will not enjoy this place, if you need a super sized meals of deep fried frozen seafood you may not like this place.We had dinner here the last Friday of Jazz Fest this year and were running late but called ahead to let them know we were on our way. The held a very nice booth for us despite our tardiness. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Not to take anything away from the front of the house but the star of this place is the food. Awesome meal, a place I would definitely put on my short of list of restaurant repeats. Everything was so well prepared, so fresh, and so tasty. Starting with a little crab amuse to the cocktails, the deconstructed oyster rockefeller and the fried crab and creme fraiche stuffed squash blossoms. Amazing. Our entrees were equally impressive crispy chicken with crawfish sauce and their redfish. Topped off with some very nice french press coffee and the chocolate peanut butter tart. This was a great dining experience - one that I highly recommend.My boyfriend and I went there recently on the spur of the moment to have dinner.  When we got there, we were told that we could not have a table without a reservation.  It was 8:45 on a Friday night, but only 1/3 of the tables had diners.  You could see that the room was nearly empty from the hostess stand and from the many windows on the street that look into the restaurant.  I mentioned that the room was far from being full, but the hostess very snootily let me know that the tables were being held for other people with reservations.  
We ended up eating at the bar and in the 2 hours that we were there, not one group or person showed up with a reservation.  In fact, I saw them turn several other couples away. 
The one time I actually ate in the dining room (with a reservation), the room was almost empty.  It's a shame they,re turning diners away, because the food was quite good.  I probably won't go there again.  I get enough attitude at work without having to seek it out on what should be a pleasant occasion.Awesome bartender, awesome waiter. Incredible blue crab eggs benedict!!! Definitely going back for breakfast.Dinner at this hotel restaurant was simply marvelous. The staff was so friendly and enthusiastic. I really felt like they were pumped to wait on us, which is always a good feeling.
We started with the BBQ lobster tail and the smoked redfish salad. The tail was awesome. Every flavor was well balanced and very enjoyable. I wasn't the craziest about the fish in the salad but the greens themselves were very crisp and fresh. It was well dressed and absolutely delicious. 
I asked if I would be better off having the duck or the chicken and our waiter said that, while everything is good, the chicken is one of the best. So I went chicken. And I never regretted it. It was a pretty hearty serving and scrumptious! It came with fingerling potatoes, baby crawfish and lobster sauce. I ate it all up. The skin on the chicken was perfectly crisped and every bite was a well executed balancing act. 
To satisfy my sweet tooth I ordered the rice pudding. My mom had the cheese plate. And, because it was her birthday, they brought us a complimentary peanut butter chocolate tart. While we clearly had too much dessert we had no problem finishing it and it was all perfection. 
MiLa was a delight. With the wonderful staff and the sensational dinner options we left this place full of food and stupid happy.So I just had to edit this review, as we came back to Mila this weekend and were SUPER disappointed!  Not sure if the owner or chef has changed, but the food is definitely not as good as two years ago.  There are too many good restaurants in NOLA to have food that is just "bleh"....Exceptional! A must if you are in New Orleans.  The food is fresh, seasonal, creative, and superbly cooked.  The service could not have been better.  Our waitperson was very knowledgeable about the food, listened to our tastes and made excellent suggestions for both food and wine.   The website did not show the seasonal items on the menu, so the choices were more varied that we expected. 
We opened the meal with parsnip soup and the New Orleans Barbeque Lobster.  Both were layered with unexpected flavors.  The parsnip soup was creamy and rich, but not overwhelmingly so.  The richness was cut with a citrus flavor that made it very refreshing rather than heavy.   The BBQ Lobster was worth every cent!  The lobster came plated over a  a generous sized baguette slice resting on a plate of flavorful sauce with a lemon confit.   The bread soaked in the sauce was addictive! I'm often skeptical of lobster dishes since it can be overcooked and tough.  The lobster that topped the bread, however, was supple and sweet.  The lemon confit was an excellent complement to the dish.  
For the main course, I can highly recommend the pan seared scallops with curry emulsion.  The crust on the scallops was impressive --a thick golden brown crispy sear topped the perfectly cooked scallops.  The portion is not large, but I found it to be a filling dish.  My dinner companions had the smoked pepper dusted tuna (recommended by the waitperson), and the sweet potato pappardelle.  Both raved about the quality of their dishes.  
The final delight of the evening was the deconstructed root beer float.  The "float" arrives on a plate as a slice of rich ice cream topped by a ginger/chocolate cookie and an egg-shaped root beer sorbet.  By taking a bite of each piece of the dish together, it combines into a delicious float in your mouth.  The presentation was whimsical and the flavors were spot-on.  
We highly recommend this -- the pictures of the dining room on the web do not do it justice.  The low lights in the evening make this a soothing, intimate dining experience.   This is slightly off the beaten path since is on the opposite side of Canal from the Quarter, but it is only a couple of blocks away in a good neighborhood.  It is well worth the short walk.service and kitchen disorganized, especially the kitchen, our meal lasted almost 3 hours!!! and was a 3 course lunch special!. but, but at only $20..... a creative, inspired,  perfectly executed meal....how can i complain? thank you guys!An over looked gem in New Orleans.  My second time here (the earlier being about 4 years ago)  This is a great high end restaurant in the CBD of New Orleans. Their menu offers some unique dishes and everything my son a d I ate was exceptionally good and well presented. Although not large I was surprised at how uncrowded the restaurant was. It is in the Renaissance and across from two other well known hotels. Had this restaurant been one block across Canal Street and in tje French Quarter it would be impossible to get a table.Delicious lunch yesterday.  We chose the prix fixe for $20. The celery root and Louisiana crab soup were to die for.  I could have eaten a whole meal of that.  I had the redfish on spinach and quinoa and hubby had the braised veal chops on grits.  Both were outstanding.  Rice pudding was yummy although a few too many raisins. However they were in the center and I was able to segregate most of them.  He had the banana ice cream...very strong and creamy banana flavor.  Overall it was excellent as was the waitstaff.  I highly recommend!Looking for a place with GREAT atmosphere and good food? Then come to MiLa! I came here for a birthday dinner and we all enjoyed it very much. MiLa is known for their Red Snapper dish and it is delish! The fish is cooked a nice and crisp and served with on top of a bed of bok choy and crawfish tails.  They also serve complimentary Sweet Potato Biscuits which are excellent! As for the other entrees:
Tuna: This one was one of the best tuna dishes I've ever had. It was perfectly cooked and seasoned and served with japanese eggplants. 
Scallops: Scallops were also cooked to perfection and very tasty.
Barbecue Lobster: This appetizer was ok...I really wasn't a fan.
Foie Gra: I'm not really a fan of Foie Gra but my SIL really enjoyed this.
Desserts:
Root beer Float: This is a twist on a classic root beer. It's a scoop of root beer sorbet on top a vanillia ice between two ginger snap like "crust". 
Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart: This was my favorite! It's like eating a Reese Peanut Butter Cup. A Peanut Butter Tart topped off with a scoop of chocolate ice cream. 
Oh you also gotta try their Mojitos! I'm not a big fan of mojitos but once I tried it from here I fell in love!Excellent food, service and atmosphere. The deconstructed Oysters Rockefeller are superb. The red snapper entree is also excellent.My wife and I ate here last night, food was fantastic, steak lamb rack and lamb ribs, everything was delicious and service was friendly,informative and very fast. Really enjoyed our dining experienceHad cocktails at the bar prior to Xmas Eve Dinner at G.W. Finns. Sam the bartender was fantastic and we trusted his judgment on everything. Ask for The Hibiscus.Exceptional meal.  Service and friendliness of the wait staff was exceptional.  Would recommend without reservation.Weren't sure what to expect, especially given how often hotel restaurants underwhelm.  However this place delivered.
We did the tasting menu.  I don't recall exactly but it seemed like 7 or 8 courses with an additional course or two thrown in.  Great flavor combinations and some new ideas I'd never seen anywhere else (Lima bean puree?  It was actually amazing).
Good pace to the meal - they'd give just the right amount of time between courses so it didn't feel drawn out but didn't feel rushed.
Great wine pairings too.   Staff was super friendlyTo celebrate Daniel N's birthday we opened his present at home, stopped at the Sazerac bar for a birthday drink, and arrived promptly for our 7:30 PM dinner reservation. We've been trying to taste test this spot out for awhile, first when Leslie A. planned the NOLA Eats dinner a few months back that filled up too quickly for me to RSVP, then when I won a $50 gift certificate, also from NOLA Eats' raffle to benefit the Community Center of St. Bernard (I'm just full of shout outs today, aren't I?) 
Anyhow, that little orange envelope made this an obvious choice for the expensive special birthday dinner, and it sure came in handy. The decor is what I like to call Ikea modern, dimly lit, with pendant lanterns hanging from the seablue ceilings (except for the shiny bar/lobby, which is illuminated with technicolor rainbow iridescent lighting on the floor, walls, and ceiling). We were seated in one of the curvy round booths and handed a wine list. We had decided beforehand that we wanted to try the tasting menu, and after perusing it (it had just updated to the Fall Tasting, not the Summer Tasting we had seen on the website), were worried about getting too full so didn't order anything a la carte.
The meal: 
(Breads) Cornbread and sweet potato roll: Both were a little dry, but flavorful (perhaps bacon was involved), especially with the unsalted butter. Props for presentation in a tiny cast iron skillet.
(Amuse bouche) Tuna tartar on cucumber slice: Tart and tiny, a crispy mouth burst of flavor. Good introduction to the fresh local tastes of fall's menu.
Cucumber and Goat cheese Cannelloni, Marinated Tomato: Creamy and subtle goat cheese wrapped in cucumber shaved so thin that it was overpowered by the marinated cherry tomatoes, not that I complained as the tomato was steeped in basil. The watercress sprouts gave a little textual contrast, and only a touch of the balsamic reduction was needed to complement each bite. 
Butternut Squash Soup with Parmesan Foam and Shiitake Chips: This was a replacement for the Curried Yellow Squash soup on the menu and quite welcome because I really like butternut. Very earthy with lots of textural elements, again, due to the Parmesan foam (I COULD DRINK THIS IN A CUP) and the crispy chips of dried/fried Shiitake mushrooms. Yeah, I did lick the bowl. I'm allowed.
Alaskan Halibut, Watercress Puree, Baby Root Vegetables: Flaky and tender fish, paired wonderfully with the slightly bitter watercress puree (which I ate ALL OF on my plate and then scooped up Daniel's... what can I say, I really like bitter veggies). Baby root veggies were just shaved to tiny bits carrot and turnip, soft and sweet and unneccessary.
Colorado Lamb Loin, Artichoke and Truffle Risotto: RAVED about this risotto and I usually hate the stuff. In fact, later in the week, I went to the store and bought artichokes and arborio rice so I could make my own truffle-less version. The lamb was perfectly rare, juicy with a touch of char on the outside. Wasn't sure what the chips were on top, but they added a crunch element which is always appreciated in my book. 
Pineapple and Lemongrass Granita: Palate cleanser before dessert. Kind of tasted like a pina colada due to the pineapple with hints of lemongrass... wish that the lemongrass had been stronger. There were some dried flecks which upon reflection might have been lemongrass flakes but they just tasted dry. 
Chocolate Peanut Butter Tart with Chocolate Sorbet: A fancy Reeses peanut butter cup but far creamier than what comes in the orange package. Paired with chocolate sorbet, which is an EXCELLENT idea. Icy like sorbet (so not as fatty or sweet with milk), got that bitter straight up dark chocolate taste. DELICIOUS. I like the touch of a cute little mint leaf. I wonder if chocolate sorbet is sold in the world because I've never seen it before... no more fruit, world. BITTER CHOCOLATE NOTES PLS.
I have absolutely no complaints about service. Sure it was a quiet night, a Monday dinner after all, but everyone from the maitre'd to our server to the busser were attentive and cordial without being nosy. The hostess and server had read my Open Table note that this was for a birthday and they remembered to wish Daniel a Happy Birthday without any of that singing crap... We're not 10. 
The food was excellent in my opinion, with far more hits than misses (which, let's be honest, are likely due to my personal palate because I don't like sweets). As for the need to add salt, I'm going to quote my manager when I worked at the sushi restaurant.... people who need to add salt to everything can't appreciate the flavors of FOOD (especially FRESH foods and vegetables), so they need to mask it with salt. If you like the taste of food as food, not processed crap, then come here and you'll be happy.
Prices were high but I would say that this is definitely a case where you get everything you pay for. I'd come again to try the sweetbreads fo SHO.FUN - ELEGANT - DELICIOUS. The food was delicious and the service was good. Save room for dessert. Good restaurant for couples or groups.Two of my favorite meals in New Orleans were here. So sad it's closed. 
First time was a wonderful third date with my now-boyfriend of 4 years -- attentive staff and interesting food with my. Second was college graduation - again, quiet attentive staff, interesting food but also classic for those with less adventurous tastes. I always appreciated how quiet it was, no hustle and bustle, so we could just enjoy each other and the food.MiLa is great place to enjoy excellent local cuisine without all of the pomp and circumstance.
The food was delicious and the service was good.  Four of us were there for a quick (1 hour) lunch the other day, and everyone was very pleased.  I had the venison pate and the redfish - nice portions, and nice presentation.  Other favorites were the parsnip soup, the shrimp, and the rabbit.  
What I appreciated almost as much as the food was the restaurant's simplicity.  It's there to provide its clientele (which appeared to be mostly local professionals) with a great meal without the souvenir cup.
I highly recommend.Very very good!  Food extraordinary.  Service exceptional.  Don't overlook the chicken.MiLa was a great recommendation!  The Oysters Rockefeller was amazing.  The tuna entree was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The food here is special because of the attention to taste and complimenting flavors and sauces that bring out the best in their food without being smothering.  I look forward to my next visit!My wife decided to take me here for a nice birthday dinner. Our waiter James was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped us make our wine as well as our entree selections. For an appetizer we ordered the BBQ lobster. Presentation was good and it taste good also. For entrees I had the chicken and my wife had the duck. Both were very tasty!!! The combinations on the plates really make the dish. For dessert I had the Root Beer Float and my wife had the Sorbet Local. Over all our experience was GREAT!!! Great service and AWESOME food!!! My wife was very pleased so we will be back. I'm thinking about bringing my son back for a root beer float.....I heart Mila. I travel to NOLA frequently on business and I sit at the bar and feast here every time I visit. The service is great - even when it's busy. The food is top notch. Try the lamb burger on the bar menu, the organic salad is lovely. My fave - the drum, tastes like it was in the gulf earlier in the day - and they have the nerve to serve it with orzo jambalaya complete with shrimp and smoked sausage! Delish. It's not a party spot, but perfect for a predictably good meal with nice wines and great service. If you are staying at the hotel it's a no brainer, and if not - it's worth the walk.I happen to love MiLa.  It's just a terrific restaurant, from its ultra hip décor, unique lighting , plush seating and extensive menu (which changes often, I might add), it's difficult to find something seriously wrong with this establishment.
Now, for your brief history lesson: Mila is owned and operated by chefs and married couple, Allison and Slade Rushing.  MiLa stands for the home states of the duo; MI for Mississippi and LA for Louisiana.  Allison was a 2004 James Beard Chef of the year recipient while Slade has worked in 4-star restaurants and pastry shops since 1996.  In 2005, the pair opened a restaurant in Abita Springs, "Longbranch" and later in 2007, birthed "MiLa".  Both are advocates of utilizing local seafood and fresh produce from their own farmers in their dishes.
I've dined in this restaurant since shortly after it opened.  I've more recently dined with a colleague from Houston, who happens to be an avid fan of the culinary delights that the city of New Orleans happens to offer.  In this past outing, we arrived at 7 PM, and the hostess immediately showed us to our seats.  We were seated at a comfortable table near the window, looking out onto Baronne St.  One of the things that I happen to dislike most about restaurants when dining in a party of two is the seat placement.  Often, you're placed literally right on top of the table next to you.  You hear each other's conversation, bump into one another occasionally and it creates for an uncomfortable setting.  This is not the case, however.  While there were plenty of other diners on this particular evening, the hostess gave us a table at a considerable length from the next occupied table.  I studied this over the course of the evening as the host was very particular in placing guests at a good distance from other diners.  This made me happy.
While the Oyster Rockefeller has become this restaurant's staple appetizer, we decided to start with the New Orleans Barbeque Lobster, with lemon confit and fresh thyme.  What an absolutely delicious dish!  Expertly cooked, perfectly seasoned and amazing down to the last bite.  It's not a large dish but between two guests, it's just enough!
For the entrée, I thoroughly enjoyed the Double Cut Pork Chop, with goat cheese, new potato gratin and banana pepper jam.  Again, a perfectly cooked, well seasoned cut of meat.  I couldn't have asked for anything more.  I would also like to add that while this restaurant has a solid wine list, I happened to bring in my own bottle of wine for us to share.  It was a 2007 Lytton Springs Ridge, which if you all have not ever tried, get your hands on a bottle as soon as possible.  It's a zinfandel and while pricy at almost $30 a bottle, it is well worth it!  There is a corking fee in MiLa's however, the waiter waived the fee, as well as our last round of drinks from the bar, as a courtesy, I guess for just being such excellent customers!
This has easily become one of my favorite restaurants in the city and I believe it's because of the subtle complexity of the dishes.  Everything meshes so well together.  I recall an article a while ago where the chef duo stated that they preferred to use juice reductions rather than heavy cream based sauces.  I think this works wonders for them.
One of the negatives to this joint is that the parking choices are scarce.  It shares a space with the adjacent hotel and you CAN park in the hotel's parking garage, as MiLa will validate the ticket.  These types of nuances are common in New Orleans and should not detract from the overall dining experience.  It comes with the territory.
Do yourself a favor and make a reservation at this restaurant soon.  Don't forget to try the Iced Tea Martini from the bar.  It's not on the menu anymore but if you ask, it will be done!  It's terrific!