Came here with a group of 15 people on a Tuesday night. We had reserved a space in advance. 
While the food was good, what was lacking was good service and cleanliness. We sat down at our table and it was sticky, and there was a dirty and also sticky fork still on it...so the assumption was that the table simply hadn't been wiped down all the way. Yuck. 
We ordered and the food took a fair amount of time, understandable because of such a large party. Problem was, when the food came out, no server knew what we'd individually ordered, so it became a huge mix up with people eating others' food. 
I ordered the pork belly tacos which had a great caramelization on the outside and tender inside. I also ordered the spicy beef pho, which was perfectly balanced with flavor after adding the accompanying bean sprouts and limes. 
The wait for the check and processing payment was long and arduous, a problem again because we had a Lyft driver waiting outside for us. 
All in all, go for the food, not for the service.I stopped in to order take out and get a drink while I waited since it was happy hour. I am usually a beer drinker but I decided to step out of my comfort zone and ordered the dragonberry iced tea which was refreshing but not obnoxiously cocktail-ly, very pleasant. I had lemongrass chicken and crab rangoon, the lemon grass chicken and rice was fantastic. I do wish the crab rangoon had a little more filling but the dipping sauce was great. I've been here a few times and I have never been disappointed in the food or the service.I live in the neighborhood so I try to frequent Mint as much as I can. No choice is a bad choice! Also the Taro Tapioca Smoothie is the perfect cure for a sweet tooth.Food was terrible!!! I ordered through Postmates and my order was WRONG. The food was so bland and such a let down. I will NEVER set foot in this place again. I asked for aioli on the side of my to go wings. NOPE. Swimming in aioli. I asked for the wings crispy. NOPE. Skin fell off immediately so soft. I asked for extra peanuts for my vermicelli,. NOPE! Got ZERO peanuts. Asked for sauce. Wish I hadn't. The sauce for he vermicelli was TERRIBLE. Omg never never never ever again. Funny thing is, when I got my receipt, all of the modifications were there. I was expecting to pay extra but I didn't Bc they didn't do any of them.Mint is a new Vietnamese restaurant just opened. A really nice modern place. I'm big on Pho & it did not disappoint me. My favorite is the wild slider with pork belly. Must try! Great staff & bartender..I love Mint! I've only ever had good meals here. Fairly priced, delicious food, good vegetarian options.Ordered delivery through Postmates to be delivered to our hotel room. The delivery guy was very very friendly. However, the restaurant did not pack any utensils or napkins. Please be mindful when you are packing the food.Some of the more creative house dishes looked good and inspired like the chicken and waffles and the burger but for Vietnamese food it was just ok.  We had the avocado fresh rolls and they tasted just ok and the peanut sauce was not great.
The real upsetting part of this meal was we had a vegan in our party and they asked the waitress what on the menu was vegan and she pointed out all the tofu dishes.  Ok good start!  Both the meat eaters and on meat eaters in our party have options.  The follow up question she asked was  that there were absolutely no animal products in any of the tofu dishes?  The answer she got was no animal products.  After ordering the tofu vermicelli she found out it had fish sauce on it and told the waitress.  The waitress sort of stared at her blankly and didn't really know what to do.  Eventually we just asked to see the menu again and asked if the  sate veggies was vegan?  The waitress explained it was veggies with a lemongrass and spicy sauce.  The waitress said yes it was vegan.  She sked if they could make It less spicy, and was told yes. And so asked if she could have that instead.  When it came out it was steamed veggies with rice.  No sauce, nothing.  Some of the veggies had brown spots on them.  This was sent back and we went to lost love after for pho.
With vegan diets being so popular it would make sense if the staff knew their menu better and the chefs were able to actually cook something inspired for their guests with simple restrictions.  We went to bhava the night before with someone with a nut allergy and the chef made  an inspired dessert for them on the spot because there was no dessert they could eat on the actual menu.  With so many restaurants in New Orleans I wouldn't go back or recommend it.Literally my favorite restaurant here in New Orleans. My friend told me I need to invest in the restaurant between going there so much and ordering on postmates. I love the atmosphere and the food of course! I order the same thing every time! Pork and shrimp rolls, shakin new york strip with fried rice add egg, and a cobbler to drink! I try looking at the menu to try something new, but my heart knows what it wants. It's never too crowded, and has an overall good vibe.A-FREAKIN-MAZING. Did you try the chicken and waffles?! They brought a whole new meaning to that sh*t! And their pho and their spring rolls... and everything. Everything here is awesome. When I'm in the area I make sure to stop by and enjoy some of their deliciousness.I eat here multiple times a week. Pork tacos, shrimp vermicelli, pho, literally everything is amazing. One of the best restaurants in New Orleans!So glad to have a great vietnamese place uptown! The spring rolls were authentic and the peanut sauce was great. I had the meatball pho and thought the broth was aromatic and very tasty. Furthermore, they have a stocked bar and are open on Sundays which, as many vietnamese food lovers know, is quite rare. 
Will definitely be going back soon!Wonderful new fusion restaurant in town. I came here because of all the Instagram posts and the high ratings on Yelp. I was expecting a great meal, and I was not disappointed. The menu is concise and everything sounds tasty. 
The sticky chicken wings are a must! The sauce on them is super addicting. I wish I could buy a bottle of it. The kimchi burger is a great twist on an American favorite. I can't wait to return to try their chicken and waffles. Also if you saved any room for dessert make sure to try their pandan waffles with green tea ice cream (off menu item). I was stuffed and didn't think I could take another bite, but as soon as I tasted their dessert I didn't stop till it was all gone.It's nice to see a lot more Vietnamese restaurants opening in the city especially uptown, you can never have too many options. Mint is located right next to Dat Dog, a pleasant new addition to the Freret scenery. It offers authentic Vietnamese dishes with savory, traditional flavors. You can find yourself a really good bowl of pho or plate of com ga roti (rice w/ rotisserie chicken) here. They even offer brown rice as a healthier alternative which I was really excited about! The menu also offers some items with a different flair such as the kim chi burger and chicken with green tea waffles, which I'll definitely be back to try. If you're really brave, you can try one of their specialty cocktails that contains fish sauce in the mix. I love how nicely the decor was done, from the chandeliers to the cute tea cups. There seems to be a good selection of wine which you can enjoy at their spacious bar counter if you're in need of some down time. I had a nice glass of Chardonnay and spring rolls (awesome sauce, literally!) while waiting for friends. The name was chosen well, as mint is one of the cooking staples in Vietnamese cuisine. Their friendly staff and atmosphere will definitely bring me back for frequent visits.I am in town for work and a few of my local counterparts brought me to this restaurant. I wasn't sure what to expect but can I honestly say it was far better than so expected. The crab and bacon rangoon was excellent and the pork couldn't have been better. The service was also excellent. I will definitely be visiting this place again.I was looking for somewhere to go for lunch on a health-conscious, flavorful sort of tip, and I most assuredly found it. This is one of the (now) two Vietnamese restaurants I've crossed in New Orleans with this particular style of lemongrass chicken (the other being in Gretna, to which I kinda hate to traverse), and I THOROUGHLY appreciated it. Had it with rice, and I enjoyed two fairly interesting drinks with it, though I can only currently recall the names of them while looking at the menu. My fault: bad short-term memory. Back in task--the plate had enough food on it to eat twice if you eat moderate meals, and the prices are extremely modest, especially considering the area and the style of food--frankly, there are far less flavorful options for steeper fare, so the fact that it was happy hour was only the cherry on top. Only spent about $27 before tip. Had a bit of conversation, since it was a little slower, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself in every way. I smiled from the time I entered (AND WAS IMMEDIATELY GREETED) to the time I left and got into the car, where I checked in and began writing this review. In my time there, I didn't get to try the much-lauded whiskey sunrise, about which most of the visiting Yelpers have previously raved, but the other two cocktails I purchased were enjoyable, and it's more than safe to say I will definitely be back with company to try it out.I am honestly so appalled​ at the service and standards at this place. Regardless​ of the food quality (which is fine for New Orleans), the service is horrible!
Lilian was our server and it took her at least 8 minutes to greet us and take our orders​. Water came about 5 minutes later and she just placed the waters down on the table and threw some straws down while she was at it. No "here you go" or smile on her face. 
Meanwhile, a gentleman​ came and offered us food that we never ordered... guess he meant to go to a different table. 
When our appetizers​ came, another woman yelled out "avocado rolls" *doesn't wait for anyone to claim them, she just puts them on the table* "Shrimp roll" *slides on table*, "Shrimp​ and pork roll" *slides on table* and then 1 of 3 drinks arrives and it just go slam dab in the middle of the table with no regard​ as to who ordered it. Generally, its bad enough to offer food to a table, waiters should always know who ordered what, but to just throw it on the table like that is straight RUDE!!!!!!
Two of the other drinks came after the food (just generally a bad standard of service to have food come before drinks). 
Food finally came, and it was fine. Employees were too busy to even clear tables to seat parties waiting at the door. The kicker was, they sat two parties of two at a table of four.... basically, ​these poor people had to share a table that is normally just a table for 3-4, not a communal table. 
My friends and I already discussed tipping at or below 15% for the sh*t service (was taking way too long to get our table cleared and our check) but we noticed a 20% gratuity added to the bill because they add that for parties of four or more (literally​ nowhere on earth adds the charge for 4+, its always at minimum 6+, and some places even do 18% not 20%). 
I asked a waitress to take it off because it is illegal to force a customer to pay "gratuity" and she argued with me for a minute before taking it off. Oh and also the gratuity is included in the tax calculation so you pay tax on the gratuity... ALSO ILLEGAL!! 
Scammy business with trash servers who literally​ do not give a crap about their job. I would only go back if the automatic gratuity was removed and the service improves. Obviously, ​it affects​ the work ethic of the waiters because they know they automatically get 20% in the bag if a table of 4+ comes in and therefore​ lose motivation to provide good service.I loved Mint. It was my favorite. Then, the last two times I've come they get my orders wrong. Sending them back takes foreveeeeeer. And they forgot my coffee that they charged me for. I love you, Mint, but your service has been horrible. Anybody have recommendations for other Vietnamese places?This place is casual and has a great selection. I do not eat meat but there are great healthy dishes for someone like me.Ordered the veggie pho for takeout... The amount of veggies is nice and a lot more than you get with veggie pho from other places, but the broth is very fishy smelling and tasting.Ahh-mazing! 
For a newly opened restaurant this place totally delivers; the space is modern and beautifully designed and service is friendly and expedient. 
This being our first visit, we started with the basics, which is pretty much a barometer on whether to dive in deeper.
Shrimp spring rolls were beautiful, Louisiana shrimp freshly cooked (still warm & luscious inside the roll); peanut sauce was rich. 
Shrimp vermicelli had gorgeous grilled shrimp &clean fresh flavors throughout. 
Beef pho was one of the best I've ever had; sultry, flavorful broth with amazing depth and gorgeous, balanced seasoning. Amount of beef was very generous; the only slight gripe is that the "fixings" (sprouts &herbs) we're a bit skimpy... I like lots with mine. Also, no jalapeño. Overall though, this wasn't enough to knock the rating down. 
Will definitely be back!Saturday night:  3 of us 7Pm and they are packed.  Took the last table by the front door and suggest you DON'T if it's chilly.  Took a bit for a wait staff member to greet us but once they did things speed up.  Pork Belly Tacos a must!  Wow,  flavor for days.  Lemongrass chicken Verm and grilled shrimp bowls were amazing.  We ordered egg rolls that never arrived. So my assumption is they had staff call off and those that were there did the best they could.  My 2nd visit will be during the day.Food is delicious but our food took forever we waited almost 30 mins before even getting water. Every course after that took even longer even though we ordered when we sat down. They need to staff up.Been there at least a dozen times.  Service is always fast and polite, the portions are generous, and the food is tasty.  Mint Combo Pho is my favorite.Nice casual ambiance. Great variety in menu and drinks. The pork belly bao and pandan dessert was sooo good. Will stop by next time I'm in Nola to explore the rest of the menu!!We love this place. On average, we eat there once per week. Highly recommend sitting at the bar and chatting up all the krewe. Our favorites are bacon and crab Rangoon's, sweet fried shrimp, shrimp and avocado egg rolls, kimchi burger and the wings. Basically, everything is amazing. Order a bunch of appetizers and share!Pork Belly Tacos, Lemongrass Chicken Vermicelli, Spicy Beef Pho and a Bloody Sriracha. Do it. Thank me later.Great Place!!! Very modern!!! My wife enjoyed her Pho and I was especially looking forward to the sizzling hot plate w/ beef and eggs and French bread and pate and butter!!! And I was not disappointed!!!! I will definitely be back when I'm in the area again!! Thanks for the meal!!!The service is HORRIBLE!!! Server added 20% gratuity on our check without our consent and there are only three of us. We planned to let it go, but even worse, they tax on the gratuity! I dont what they think, but it is very unrespectful and stupid. The food is also getting less and less. Would never recommend any friend to go again.Cute little place, nice atmosphere. I ordered a grilled pork vermicelli and the noodles were cold, no brownie points there. The pork and flavor were on point though. Overall, I wasn't impressed.LOVE me some Vietnamese food!  Spring rolls and peanut sauce were divine. Nice employees, cool place, and just gorgeous food!Absolutely awesome, thanks. First time here and I would come again, this is a great place. Service was fabulous, and food as wellThe Pho was very good. The broth itself was fantastic- the chicken appeared to be lunchmeat. Maybe that's how all Pho is, I don't know, but I was expecting something better. But the soup itself made it alright. I'd absolutely go back.Nice addition to the neighborhood, but I'm surprised to see so many gushing reviews. Not kid friendly at all, they have no kids menu and offered one off-menu option (chicken wings with fries). My kids love pho and noodle bowls, but it hits the wallet pretty hard. Overall, good to very good food; okay to bad service (slow, inconsistent/chaotic, but friendly) and very loud.I love trying new places and this place is a great addition to Freret st! I can't wait to come back and try the more "modern" menu items. I had the egg roll noodle bowl tonight and it was really tasty!  The atmosphere was nice and service was great.I went here with my sister about a week or so ago and was pleasantly surprised.  A lot of these Vietnamese fusion restaurants are popping up all over the place, but the common problem with a lot of them is that they are so Americanized that the dishes don't have enough authentic Vietnamese flavor.
This isn't the case at Mint.  Although the menu is pretty much entirely in English (I wish they had the items in Vietnamese too)  the food here is jam-packed with authentic Vietnamese flavor with beautiful presentation.
For appetizer, we ordered the pork belly taco which is a seared pork belly served with pickled vegetables and fresh herbs atop a flat steamed bun.  Yum!!!  I would definitely order this again.
My sister and I each had the pho ga kho as our entree.  I LOVED the presentation of this meal.  The meal comes out on one large plate with the pho noodles and chicken in one bowl, the vinaigrette (I think?) dressing in a little dish, and the broth in another rice-sized bowl.  It was the first time I've ever eaten pho ga this way, and boy was it good!!  To eat, you toss the noodles and chicken with the dressing.  If you feel it is too dry like this on its own,  you can add some broth.  (I liked it as is).  A word of caution!!  After eating this dish, you may feel just the right amount of fullness, but after drinking water, the noodles will expand, and you will feel very very full!!
I didn't order anything from the bar, but they seemed to have a huge selection.  I'd definitely come here again if I were in the area.I really enjoyed the food here. I tried the bahn Nu burger and the pork belly taco.
Pork belly taco - served with some veggie in a sweet white bun (like the ones you eat with Peking duck). I highly recommend this.
Bahn mi burger was good. Definitely worth a try.
I want to come back and try the lemon grass vermicelli and the kimchi burger.My go to place to eat whenever I don't feel like cooking dinner which is about 3 times a week. I'm a huge fan of the pho chicken and any of their vermicelli bowls.I hate to be this guy but I'm pissed. I'm almost 30 years old and I've never written a negative review on a restaurant. Tonight, I was running errands after work and hadn't had a chance to eat since breakfast. I attempted to call to place a pick-up order several times but got a busy signal. After the 5th time it finally rang once and was answered "please hold". Silence. Now it's a Friday night so I assume they are busy. No big deal right? While on hold, I went into Petco, got dog food, then got gas and realized I was still on hold. 15 minutes. So I hang up and try to call back, busy signal. So I say screw it and drive there. I walk up to the bar and they aren't busy at all 3 4tops and a 3 top with 3 servers, a runner and a bartender. So I see the phone sitting on the bar and call while standing there. Busy signal. The server- Thuy, asks me if she can help me. Now I know from being in the industry that being an asshole isn't going to get me anywhere but they should be aware of the issue because they are losing business. So I explain to her what I just told you and continue to tell her that this is the third time in two weeks that it has happened. Her response was "okay well I don't know where the phone is, do you want me to take your order?" As if she could care less that the phone may be off the hook. I bit my lip and ordered. A few minutes later, I see the bartender, grab the phone without looking, press the end button and set it back down. After he put me on hold, he purposely took the phone off the hook. I began to boil but kept my mouth shut. This place is a block away and the food is decent so my fiancé and I go almost every week. But not after tonight. Instead we will go to Bahn Mi. I hope the owner sees this so they get their ish together.Um, YUM! We have been wanting to try this place for a while... There's always a wait though & my man is quite impatient. We decided to wait this time. So glad we did. The food is great and the place is so cute. It's a bit congested inside & getting a table is a bit of a cluster, but once ya get past that and start eating - yay! We'll definitely be back for more.Best Vietnamese in New Orleans. Clean, friendly, consistent. Literally everything is great from the spring rolls to the vermicelli bowls to the cocktails. Lychee mojito is perfect afternoon treat!!One of my favorites in town!
I've tried almost everything on the menu... and love it alllllll! 
These are my favorite dishes:
*Starters 
Shrimp and Pork Rolls
Pork Belly Tacos
STICKY CHICKEN WINGS
*Soups
Wonton Soup
Pho Brisket add Meatballs
Tofu & Tomato Pho
*Entrees
Lemongrass Chicken and Fried Rice (it comes with white rice so you'd have to sub it)
Seasoned Noodles & Chicken (Pho Ga Co)
Mint Moon Crepe (Banh Xeo)
Chicken and Waffles
*Dessert 
Pandan Waffle with a Scoop of Red Bean Ice Cream
*Drinks 
Lychee Mule ------ something new and I LOVEEE it!
This sounds like a lot, but I promise you won't be disappointed! 
For starters, I picked my three favorite but if I had to pick one, it'd be the sticky chicken wings! You must try how amazing it taste - fresh crispy fried chicken drizzled with this sweet teriyaki glaze and spicy mayo (sometimes I like to sriracha for another dimension of favor). 
For soups, you can't go wrong with pho - especially to cure a hangover! I first had the tofu and tomato pho during lent season and didn't expect to like it, but I did. The broth in both has really good favor so you can tell they put some love in their pho! 
For entrees, the most popular and my favorite is the Lemongrass Chicken - flavor, flavor, flavor! Most of the time sub the white rice for brown rice, but sometimes I treat myself and sub it for their deluxe fried rice! The Seasoned Noodles & Chicken is my go-to as well. It's basically the reverse of a chicken pho! You get a small bowl of broth on the side, so you can sip it in between eat bite. The bowl of noodles and sliced chicken is topped with lettuce and fried shallots/onion. There's a small sauce on the side (of soy sauce/sesame) that you can mix in your bowl to your likings. 
For dessert, pandan waffle and red bean ice cream! If you don't like red bean, don't knock it til' you try it! The green tea ice cream taste just as good. Warm waffles and ice cream, mMm. You can't beat that. 
For drinks, they have CHAMANGO smoothie! It's soooo good - you get: the tamarid candy straw, cubes of frozen mango, and apricot syrupy goodness! 
My experiences here have always been great. The food is delicious and made with some mad love. Sometimes they are super busy so be patient because the food is worth it! I heard they're adding some new items to the menu and I can't wait to try them. Highly Recommended!!As a new resident of the Freret neighborhood myself I decided to check out my equally new neighbor Mint Modern. The restaurant is like a small bistro, about ten to fifteen tables depending how many large parties are seated and two bar top areas that seat about ten each. I dined at the bar and was pleasantly surprised by the unique menu and extensive cocktail and beer list.
For my app I had bacon and crab rangoons which were delicious. Can't really go wrong. So many other things I wanted to try though!!! The menu was so unique and interesting I think I could actually convince my pickier eating boyfriend to come with me! My entree was the spicy beef soup which hit the spot on this cold day although I must say it wasn't really that spicy until I added my own hefty dose of sriracha to it. 
The servers were a little frantic but I could tell they were trying their best. Never did get my water refilled though :(
Overall would recommend and am definitely planning to come back.This place rocks! The wife and I stopped in for lunch after reading some good reviews in a local magazine. They use all fresh ingredients and have a cool uptown vibe to boot. 
The Pho is not my thing however the wife loved it here. (Pho Mint Combo)... I did the lemon grass chicken and it was amazing. The have a ton of other great fusion dishes that we will definitely try next go round (Chicken and waffles ... Def a fusion must try). Also if your a fan of real coconut juice you have to try theirs, it is served with coconut meat in bottom of glass... Super refreshing and delicious on a hot day.Really great food and wonderful service! Great atmosphere as well. The chicken and green tea waffles were an especially interesting and delicious infusion of southern and Vietnamese cuisine.Wow!! I must say I'm very pleasantly surprised! With so many Vietnamese restaurants opening, you start to expect a lot from each new one. I came with a couple of friends tonight and shared several dishes (which is honestly the best way to do it to get a sample of the menu in one sitting).  We shared the pork belly and oxtail buns and sticky chicken wings to start off and the combination pho (brisket, steak, and meatballs), lemongrass chicken and rice, shaken steak and rice, wonton soup, Kim chi burger with sweet potato fries, and the steak and eggs for our entrees.  We weren't the biggest fans of the buns, but everything else was fantastic!  And it's quite rare for us to like so many dishes during a first visit at any new restaurant, so we were all thoroughly impressed.  The pho broth was delicious!! I'm pretty darn picky when it comes to pho, but Mint makes it very flavorful; it doesn't necessitate the addition of many condiments.  Both the shaken steak and lemongrass chicken were very tender and, again, very flavorful.  We enjoyed the Kim chi burger, but just a little more cooked for my taste.  The sweet potato fries were perfect though!!    If I had to choose my two favorite dishes, it would have to be the pho and the lemongrass chicken. YUM!  Definitely coming back for that.
Mint has a very eclectic decor: a mix of different textures and styles.  I was trying to find a common theme, but "eclectic" was the best I can describe it.  The service was great.  Very timely and efficient.  
Overall, we all had an awesome first experience and will definitely be back to try more dishes!  Happy to see uptown with another quality Vietnamese restaurant.Have had a few good meals here.  Sometimes service is slow when they are slammed, but they get it done.  food is great.  nice addition to the street.Unassuming low key place with a full bar and Vietnamese fare. The traditional Pho was pretty good. The rice vermicelli with grilled pork and egg roll was really yummy. We also had the pork Banh Mi which was also tasty. All in all a pretty good dinner choice. Best of all bill for 4 was $55 (with no drinks).Pretty good food but consistently poor service. They also do a very bad job with to go orders. Food orders have been mixed up multiple times and the pho is always placed in a brown paper bag with the bottom soaking from spoilage. Again, good quality food but they need to work on the basics!I drove 20 min to find this place because all of the other pho places around my apartment were closed on Sunday. It was well worth the drive. 
It's street parking only, so be prepared to have to walk a bit from your car if you are coming during peak hours. 
The decor is contemporary. It's not your typical Vietnamese restaurant. It was also very packed. I was alone, so I sat at the bar. 
It took about 5 minutes to get served at the bar because they were so busy. However, once I was served, the food came really quickly. 
I had the pork belly tacos and the spicy beef pho. Both were amazing. The tacos had so much flavor, and the beef was so tender in the pho. The pricing is pretty on par with most of the places around the city. $9-$10 for a nice big bowl of pho, and $5 for the tacos. 
I've been to about 7-8 different Vietnamese restaurants around the city, and this place is towards the top of my list. 
I will be back....with some friends.The kids love the sticky wings
I love the steak pho 
All the appetizers are good
Iced coffee good
Atmosphere GOOOD
Prices good40 minute ticket time on a call-in order with a 15 minute estimate. No apology. I get that you're busy, just be honest about it.Nice find near Tulane. We had three items: fried eggrolls, Pho (sirloin) and Lemongrass Bahn Mi. All were really tasty and I'm hard to please when it comes to Vietnamese restaurants. The portions were rather large and that's not a bad thing. The space is well decorated and the service was totally fine.I get Mint at LEAST once a week, and they always have my pickup order ready within 15 minutes. Even when I was running late one time, they stayed after closing with my food warm and my drink in the fridge for me. The food is great and affordable, and the customer service is top notch. 10/10 would recommend to a friendMy new favorite place for pho. The other food here is good, e.g. tacos and the buns. The pho they make pretty well and I judge based on the broth and the proportions of the ingredients. They don't overdo the amount of noodle in the soup as well. The meat is fresh and I found that only a very little amount hoisin or sriracha sauce is needed, which keeps the simple flavor of the soup true throughout. Also, Mint has a very modern look and feel, as they self-titled. The combination pho is my favorite.I have eaten here 3 times this month. The com bo luc lac (it's a different name on the menu) is awesome and the prices are fair. I ordered the pho today. The meat did not taste cheap like most Vietnamese restaurants today. I expected the bowl of pho to be small since that's what a lot of these "hip pho restaurants" are doing now and days, but it came out to be really decent portion. The egg rolls are also good. You can add 2 egg rolls to your meal for just $2. It comes with duck sauce. Not a fan of duck sauce, but if you really like egg rolls, you should eat them plain. Service was good. The restaurant is nice and clean.I come here to eat pho special every week. All the servers are nice and helpful. Joe is always chilled and easy going. Food wise, the broth is quite clear yet a bit on the plain side. The portions are very satisfying. The Vietnamese sandwich （meat lover）are on par with some of the best I've tasted. Nothing goes wrong with it. Overall, a decent place to meet your desire for Vietnamese food.A wonderful vegetarian option.  We loved the veggie phone and split a respectable tofu bahn mi.  Oo.  don't miss the avocado rolls.Nice bistro on Foody Street aka Freret Street.  Clean industrial feel and a friendly bar. 
We just had takeout. The pork tacos were great. Nice strong and sweet flavors with banh mi veggies. My wife had vermicelli pork noodles and had the same delicious reaction. I had lemongrass chicken with vermicelli and it lacked zing. It was fine but lacked strong flavors. I might try it again and see if it was different.Great food and great service. Do yourself a favor and order the spicy beef soup. Definitely make a trip over here. Restaurant is clean and the staff know the menu well. Wonderful experience, i am coming back tomorrow.Came here for lunch with a few of my friends and was pleasantly surprised by how great the food was and the size of the portions. I order the spicy beef pho while my friend ordered a curry dish that I didn't know Vietnamese even had and a Bahn Mi. My soup was very good but the curry dish was outstanding, definitely something I would love to have for myself next time I go. The vietnamese poboy bread was perfect. All in all this was a wonderful dining experience at a good value. I will be back. PS the mango smoothie with the tapioca balls is great.The food is so good and reasonably priced. The only thing is that the service is very slow.lousy service. Make us waiting for 20 minutes until got served. and have compulsory tips. undesirable experience！I love the pho in Mint! Much brisket and the price is great! Delicious! I also used to try the rice here, the food is fresh and it really yummy! Pho becomes the dinner cook for me!This is the second day in a row I've come here to eat.  I travel from across town because the food is so good! My go to place for Vietnamese food in Nola!  Great food and drinks!  Staff is friendly and the bartender makes the best drinks.  Prices are reasonable and you get a lot of food.  You will bring home a doggie bag.  
I started with a blueberry caipirinha & shrimp and avocado rolls.  The best in town.Ok food. Bad attitude...  Sat here for 20 mins, and didn't even know who our server was. No one even came to ask if we need water... The restaurant was only half full at the time. :)I really feel like I need to give Mint a solid 3 stars. Because I think it is just that - 3 stars.
A review recently came out that suggested Mint should stick to the "Vietnamese" cuisine as opposed to the "modern" that's also in their name. I completely disagree. The more traditional Vietnamese dishes were... flops. The egg rolls were almost inedible. No flavor, terrible texture, super watery peanut sauce. Blech.
However, the fried chicken and waffles? Yes, please! The Kim-chi Burger? Another!! This was all so good. The flavors were modern yet very Vietnamese inspired. 
The atmosphere inside is beautiful - such a great renovation. Service was fine, nothing bad.Kim Chi burger was enormous and excellent. Lemon grass chicken baguette is full of flavor,  perfect for lunch. One of the best sandwiches I've had in a while. Too hot for pho, today. I'll have to try it in the fall. Service was slow, but friendly enough. Will be back.O M G the lemongrass chicken vermicelli is delicious!  The flavors are perfect!  The pork belly taco was amazing as well.  I found a new fave for Vietnamese food!This place has a very nice atmosphere. Especially if you need a place to just eat & relax after a long working day. Both my bf & I enjoyed the food there. I highly recommend trying their Vietnamese pork tacos and the sizzling steak & eggs. We would definitely come back really soon.The pork belly steamed buns are amazing, best I've had. The pho, bahn mi, and fresh rolls are good too. I love all the use of fresh herbs. Decent beer selection. The prices are fair and the service is alright. It's definitely my favorite lunch spot on Freret St., just wish they were open on Mondays!A group of friends from work had a taste for vietnamese. Our normal go to is Bai Chi but they were closed so we decided to give Mint a shot. I ordered the pork belly bacos and the grilled shrimp rice dish with a fried egg. Everything was really good. The food tasted fresh and light. The only reason they didnt recieve 5 stars is bc service was slow for some reason..we were a bit late getting back to work. They r worth a return visit tho.I drove 20 min to find this place because all of the other pho places around my apartment were closed on Sunday. It was well worth the drive. 
It's street parking only, so be prepared to have to walk a bit from your car if you are coming during peak hours. 
The decor is contemporary. It's not your typical Vietnamese restaurant. It was also very packed. I was alone, so I sat at the bar. 
It took about 5 minutes to get served at the bar because they were so busy. However, once I was served, the food came really quickly. 
I had the pork belly tacos and the spicy beef pho. Both were amazing. The tacos had so much flavor, and the beef was so tender in the pho. The pricing is pretty on par with most of the places around the city. $9-$10 for a nice big bowl of pho, and $5 for the tacos. 
I've been to about 7-8 different Vietnamese restaurants around the city, and this place is towards the top of my list. 
I will be back....with some friends.I had high expectations for this place, but it fell short.  We started with the wontons which were pretty typical. They weren't spectacular but that's not to say that I still didn't enjoy them.  The boyfriend got the pork and egg roll vermicelli dish, which again, seemed pretty average.  I got the banh mi burger, and I felt that there was no real flavor that set it apart.  Disappointing because I thought the pickled vegetables would brighten it up.  The fries were delicious however. I don't know what their seasoning is but i like it!Pork belly tacos.
Do yourself a favor and get them.
Vietnamese pork tacos. 
Do yourself a favor and get them. 
That's all I ate and I have no ragrats. Little sister had the kimchi burger which smelled yummy! She said it was a little salty but it's kimchi so it's to be expected. Her friend got the fried rice which was good too. Fried rice is fried rice but I'll would order it again from Mint! Waitress was great, she checked up on us and brought out drinks and food out right away - which is a big plus for me. 
Our server, Julie, was like our very own butler! Food is top notch, service is top notch! I would come here again most definitely!I went on a Saturday night.  There was plenty of staff standing around but they looked very confused about where to sit us (party of two) and who was going to serve us.  After being seated we waited a while to order drinks and food.  Service and management should be improved.
I ordered the spicy beef soup (Bun Bo Hue) and my friend ordered the Pho (Mint combo).  The BBH was served with a side of hot chili peppers mash that I could adjust the heat level to my liking.  The broth was spicy, murky, flavorful.  I was not disappointed by the food.  My friend said her pho broth was okay but she's had better elsewhere.  
All in all, Mint deserves a try for everyone.  It is modern and clean and a fresh atmosphere to present Vietnamese food without compromising on the flavors.We picked up pho from mint and it was only ok. Magazine and Namese are better. They do give you a ton of meat in the soup, which is nice, but the broth was just not very good - very fatty and broken.Stopped in last Friday night - great surprise! New favorite Vietnamese. I love the lent menu - we had shrimp spring rolls, shrimp & curry with bread, and a shrimp vermicelli bowl. Everything was spot-on, especially the shrimp curry. Good prices, nice decor, great service - nothing negative to say!Tried this place bc I was craving some pho and my boyfriend is obsessed with Vietnamese food. We were excited to have a new place uptown for Vietnamese bc we usually venture to Kenner for some good pho. 
Atmosphere-wise...ehh. The place was a little too bright and too loud for a Sunday night crowd. 
We tried the egg rolls as an appetizer- they were pretty delicious (served with fish sauce). Then tried pho and banh mi as entrees. Banh mi was good. Meatlovers pho just wasn't as good as we were expecting. Being picky pho eaters, we would probably try something else if we go back. Overall, good but not great.Perching food, chill ambiance, HORRIBLE service, it makes me angry and my food doesn't taste as good