Went on Thursday night and was told there would be a 45-60 minute wait for a table of 5. 
I can't review the food or waitstaff because after 2 hours of no table and a very rude hostess staff we left. When I informed the manager of the situation I was given a snarky response showing that he didn't care. He didn't even bother to give a half-hearted excuse or apology. 
The restaurant is operated by the same company that started Semolina and Zea. Zea usually has very good service so I was suprised to see this. 
I know opening weeks can be rough for new places but their staff was just pure rude.I met up with my guy for lunch at this joint &, weeks later, I still don't know if I want to go back.  The nacho appetizer I got was good enough & the Chicken Torta I got was good, but I don't know if they were worth the price.  Nothing was really stellar about this place, but I wouldn't call it bad.  
They are killing me with their drink special that only lasts from 11a-2p on M-F.  I guess I'm still getting used to finding way more drink deals during the workday than after it.  hahaha  Good ole' NOLA.  One of these days, I'll be off on a weekday & will be able to partake, but not yet.  And maybe not here, I still don't know.If I wasn't a vegetarian and if our seating was better maybe i would come back...
Came here with 4 other people for the first time the other day.  It was pretty empty on a Monday night but we were sat next to the loudest most obnoxious group of drunk 21 year olds we have seen in awhile.  The salsas weren't anything special to me but others liked them.  I ordered an avocado salad because there weren't a ton of vegetarian options on the menu and my bf was ordering the mushroom tacos.  His tacos looked amazing but as soon as you took a bite you were overwhelmed by salt.  Too salty by far.  My salad was pretty good.
Overall I won't come back just because I'm a vegetarian and there are many more options for vegetarian Latin food across the city.I love everything about this place from the small appetizer they give you (pickled veggies and roasted garbanzo beans) to the Queso Fundido (must try) and the Tacos.
Drinks are very good. My favorite is the blueberry mojito! 
The Guacamole al Pastor is simply the best guac I have ever had. The mix of the pinneaple with the pork belly is perfect, not too sweet, not to salty.
The Shrimp Ceviche is addictive. My fav in town!
The Pork and Shrimp tacos are very tasty - add some spicy sauce to them!!
They have nice happy hour deals for drinks and food. 
The only con is that the patio is very noise since the interstate is next to it. Stay inside!!I enjoy this food because it isn't heavy. The Almond Cashew Crema was a little bland for my taste, the Roja salsa tasted fresh. Tuna ceviche was awesome with a mix of flavors, the corn nuts and plantains gave it a different twist. Avocado salad was fresh, and dressing was light, very good!! Pork tacos were pretty satisfying , nothing over the top.  Plantains were perfect for an after dinner treat. The cucumber jalapenos margarita is amazing , a must get. Noise level can be loud if they are packed. Parking is tight but they are in the process of expanding. Chef walked by and asked if everything was good. I will be back!Gotta say, I wasn't completely sure what to expect when my friend told me about this place.  The first thing that really struck me was the location when I googled it.  I thought to myself, wait... what is even in that area?  Needless to say, the spot stuck out like a sore thumb in an otherwise poorly lit stretch of road.  My first impression upon getting my car valeted (wow!) and stepping in was that this place was way fancier than I anticipated.  Maybe it was the name, but I was half expecting yellow and orange wallpaper, endless chips and salsa, and traditional Mexican folk music flowing through the speakers.  Something that has its own place, but that place this was not.
I met my friends at the bar, which was of course trendy and cool with a super charming bartender who immediately took my drink order.  A little pricy, but you can't get too up in arms about that kind of stuff when you look around.  We were seated about 20 minutes later (it was a busy Friday night), and the dining area itself is pretty large.  Just one big open area with cool metal (or something) booths along the walls and tables in the middle.  Awesome lighting, awesome vibe.  
Our waitress was awesome and helpful in every way.  She suggested a ceviche for me... eventually decided on the Japanese-inspired sashimi, which was super tasty and light.  Which brings me to my next point.  I feel like I'm beating a dead horse, but if you're looking for enchiladas alongside refried beans and rice smothered in queso and enchilada sauce, look again.  The tacos and other entrees are trendy (for lack of a better adjective) and inspired by all sorts of cuisines around the world.  And more so than your Juan's Flying Burrito kind of menu, where everything is still basically Mexican food.  I was surprised at how fast the service was given how crowded it was... definitely an A+ in my book in that area.  
My one tiny gripe is actually something that I've already touched on.  While it is a super cool, trendy spot that's becoming super popular among the Old Metairie/Mid City crowd, my friend actually made a comment while we were sitting at our table kind of taking the whole place in.  "This restaurant makes it feel like we're not even in New Orleans. We could be in any city in the country right now."  True.  And not a terrible thing, but always a weird feeling to be in one of the most unique cities in the world and not have any of that culture seep into an establishment.Great modern atmosphere, great service, quick food times. A few critiques would have to be how loud it was in the dining room with the booming of a live band performing, the amount of  unnecessary grease with the shrimp and fish for the tacos, and the slow valet wait. Other than that I would definitely come backAlthough I like the atmosphere and concept of this place, and really want to like the food, unfortunately everything is just too spicy for me to eat. I wish they could consider offering some milder tacos/dishes. The first couple times I went I tried different tacos, all of which I found too spicy to eat. So I went again last night and ordered the ceviche sampler, thinking it would be less spicy. However, I found this to be extremely spicy as well, and couldn't eat this dish either. I've talked to others who feel the same - so if you like spicy food or are just there for the drinks, this place is great. If you aren't a fan of spicy food though, this place isn't for you.My experience was pretty much flawless. The restaurant has a cool modern vibe that is spacious and inviting at the same time. My friend had a bogo coupon from their website so we took maximum advantage by buying the two most expensive entrees: lobster and steak and eggs. The lobster is $30 and the steak is $25 so we saved $25!
The entrees were huge and we had planned to share so we could both mix lobster with steak. What could be better? Please tell me if you know. The steak was served on a mound of delicious potatoes with chunks of pork belly. 
A note about the steak entree: 
Ok. I am an onion hater. I admit it. I absolutely cannot stand onions, and yes, it is irrational and I am only repulsed when I know those suckers are there. I know this because I have eaten things with onions and not known it at the time, and even enjoyed it. But don't tell anyone that.
Anyway... my onion radar was buzzing off the charts but I was able to enjoy everything by carefully working my way around the onion land mines. Ohh yeah, the beef was also topped with, guess what, more onions! in the form of fried onion straws but they were easy to remove and incinerate. On a lighter note, my friend who knows all too well about my onion aversion said he was worried when he saw the truckload of onions on the plate but he also said he was glad I was able to successfully navigate around them. 
Gold star for me. 
I am giving 5 stars despite the onion invasion because that is not their fault, onions are a staple in latin cuisine, it was super easy to just avoid them, and my meal was one of the best I have had in months. 
Other than the onion extravaganza, the steak was seasoned to perfection and was dead on medium rare. I was floored by the first bite, it was just so freaking good. 
The lobster was perfection. 
Something that was weird was that the lobster was served on as bed of what appeared to be bread crumbs. I am not sure what that is for but who really cares when the lobster is cooked so amazingly? It was one of the best lobsters I have ever eaten, not at all rubbery, just perfectly light and buttery. I put some of the creamy scrambled eggs with chives into a tortilla with some lobster and it was outrageously good. It was incredibly indulgent and satisfying. My friend and I were just looking at each other like is this happening, and yes gentle yelp readers, it was happening. 
I have not had such a delicious steak and lobster meal in a long ass time. I also feel like it was a great deal for the quality and service I received, not to mention saving $25! 
Overall, this was an awesome experience, the food and service were freaking on point, and it was not very far away. This is a great place to have brunch or lunch and I cannot wait to try their dinner. You really cannot beat great food enjoyed with great company. 
In addition to everything I have already said, I freaking love this place because 1) they keep me on my onion avoiding toes and 2) they serve up some damn good food in a beautiful restaurant with friendly employees.I went back recently for lunch and had the best duck tamale! Also tried the pistachio guacamole made table side. Great! They adjusted a bit since opening and I will continue to return for their original and delicious food.Fantastic!  I had the salsa sampler with friends and all three were very creative and delicious.  Had the bistec.  Delicious, and perfectly cooked.  Margarita was perfect as well -- I ordered mine without agave syrup and added some Splenda as I am a diabetic.  REALLY enjoyed a margarita for the first time in a long time.  Service was very good, not exceptional.  Was a beautiful night outside, so the outside seating was wonderful.  This place is much, much, butter than most TexMex/Latin restaurants.  Highly recommended.I pass this place every day coming home from work so I have been intrigued for a long time. Bottom line, a little pricey but dollars and cents brought me some of the most interesting and well balanced dishes and drinks I've had in a long time. The dining room was nothing much to speak of, from the outside it's more about its location than it's views from the inside (unless you are sitting on their patio). The drinks I ordered were out of this world. The first was a blood orange base that packed quite the mid-morning punch. Next we split the side order of macaroni which was made with chorizo and cumin. WOW. Sign me up for a full order of that next time! My friend and I also split the french toast for dessert (server suggestion) and it was orgasmic. Yea, seriously--it was so moist and decadent...garnished with pistachios...DIVINE. Such an excellent suggestion! I would go again, but maybe for dinner rather than a brunch. I'm a boring eggs benedict and side of bacon kind of gal.This place is a bit trendy, which can sometimes intimate me, but the service is extremely fun and friendly (not pretentious at all like some trendy places tend to be). Our server Ravin was very friendly and knowledgable about what were popular menu items. At first we ordered the 3 for $7 salsa trio and she was imputing it into her little smart board.....and then magic happened.....the salsa came to our table while she will still practically putting in our order! The smart boards that all the severs use seemed a little silly at first but if they allow for that kind of order efficiency than I can see why they use them!
Their sashimi style ceviche is by far my favorite item on their menu. We also had the fried fish and shrimp tacos. All were amazing and we even got a complimentary snack from the chef. 
The cocktails are by far the most curious menu items to me here. They are all very unique and different. The rumors are true, their cucumber jalapeño margarita is amazing and not spicy at all like some people might fear. Also they have some magnificently flavored mojitos (I got blueberry).
Our server said they have different happy hour specials almost every day of the week so just call ahead and ask if your in the mood to try it out on a budget. 
I would definitely come back and try out the patio when the weather isn't so hot. The patio looked gorgeous but we were there in the middle of a hot August afternoon and opted to sit inside. 
I'd love to come back for a happy hour soon!A friend and I went for a late dinner on Wednesday and the bartender Kat (hope I spelled that right) was awesome. I've never had a bartender at a restaurant make me feel so welcome. She gave great suggestions and definitely knows her stuff. F.YI., get the mac and chorizo, you won't be sorry. Thanks again Kat!For the NOLA area this is good Mexican food but it is WAY overpriced for what it is.  Surprisingly the menu selection is quite limited.  This place is attempting to be fancy fine dining in a very Metry kind of way which doesn't work for the peasant food that Mexican food is.  Nothing here is awe inspiring or must have and I was slightly excited by the prickly pear margarita but it didn't impress so the only decent one in the area is still at Rivershack Tavern.  They do some things with lobster that might interest some people.  I seriously doubt I will be returning as this place just doesn't work for me but it might work for some out in the burbs.  At the price point of this place there are hundreds of other places I would much rather go to with far superior food.  I'm sure there are lots of people that will love this place and it should do well but it just isn't my style.I was deeply saddened when I heard that they were planning to close Mizado's and convert to their sister company Zea's next month. As I was In town at the moment, I decided to eat there one last time before they do. I have quite a few fond memories with good company there. Just another chapter closed in the food business. 
They offer a variety of Latino fusion flavors, from the tasty queso and their hand mixed guacamole that they mix in front of you! The establishment is casual, great pictures on the wall, a place to have good drinks and conversation with any number of company. The dishes are certainly shareable and they unique cocktails will have you giggling in no time.
We usually order the ceviche which is refreshing with the right amount of a hint of citrus. Followed by a variety of tacos that include the pork belly, fish, and shrimp. It does not disappoint. 
Maybe, I'm just too nostalgic when it comes to Mizado's. But if you get a chance, try it before it changes concept.Food, drinks and service went above and beyond! Fantastic margaritas! The chef even made my strange order special and it was amazing! Definitely coming back soon!Always yummy.  A little disappointed that the dinner menu no longer offers self made tacos.  We always had leftovers and were easy to take home and enjoy the next day.  However, once the taco is constructed its becomes a difficult take home item.  Great prices, decent service and atmosphere.The pistachio guacamole is often recommended for a reason.   It rocks.  The scallop tacos and tuna tradition are awesome too.We thoroughly enjoyed our lunch! The pork tamale, grilled redfish, & plantains are delicious! The atmosphere is spectacular.. Modern, sleek, just wonderful all around. It's one of my favorites now.Went last night for first visit. Wow!!  Today I wish I had another scallop taco and pistachio guacamole. Mizado, be back real soon!I have been here multiple times and have yet to try anything that wasn't delicious. You can't go wrong! They also have great Margaritas and and excellent tequila list. If you are a brunch fan, you have got to make it here on a Sunday.
All around excellent!!!!A great place if you are looking for a fun and trendy spot for the evening. Its a fusion of Peruvian and Latin American cuisine. What you will get an upscale Spanish cuisine. The basics like tamales, tacos, ceviche, etc. are all creatively deconstructed (I.e lobster tacos and tuba ceviche). Eating tapas style is recommended so you will get a taste of several items. I'm not exactly sure what is Peruvian cuisine, but the waitress was really helpful with the menu and recommendations. She recommended the tuna ceviche and lobster tacos, which was all delicious. It may not seem like much food in the beginning, but we were stuffed quickly after just three menu items of the tuna ceviche, lobster tacos, and fish tacos. Don't let your eyes become bigger than your stomach! Overall a great and fun experience at Mizado's!Brunch was great but no churros and the server we had sucked but the bar back and food runners made it a memorable meal one of the food runners even ran out to give us a compact we left at the tableThe best thing about Mizado continues to be the staff. Our server was prompt and friendly.
On my last visit, I was underwhelmed by the food. I happened to make a return visit with a couple of friends, but Mizado still did not wow me.
As usual, the chickpeas and pickled vegetables are a nice touch. We also ordered chips and roasted jalapeno salsa crema. It was okay, but it was all heat and no flavor. And the bag of chips was too small for three people; we still had half a bowl of salsa leftover by the time we finished the chips. We didn't ask for another order of chips because the salsa wasn't that great.
I ordered the gaucho steak. It did not taste like beef at all, it tasted exactly like lamb. Had a really bland, un-beefy flavor. It was tender and cooked perfectly medium rare.  It was served with pork belly potatoes, which reminded me of cornbeef hash but it was very, very plain and desperately needed some type of spice or seasoning.
A friend ordered pork tacos, she said they were merely okay. She also ordered a side of plantains which were out of this world. They were sweetly caramelized and served with cotija cheese and crema. Really tasty, be sure to try this if you go.
The other friend ordered the cornish hen. It was beautiful. Not sure how it tasted but he seemed to like it.
Kind of disappointed with my dish. It wasn't inedible but I didn't really enjoy it, and it wasn't what I expected. I wish I had stuck to the fish.You truly cannot go wrong with this place! I mean 10 cent margaritas.... 10 cent margaritas that are really good! The tacos area also delicious. I have had the shrimp and the beef tacos, both of which are delicious. They are not super filling, which I guess leaves a craving for next time. Take a pass on  the "tableside" guac. Literally it was 1.5 avocados and very little else for $10! We actually took the salsa from our purchased order of chips and salsa to spice/flavor things up. I must say, my only complaint about this place besides no free chips is the service is really slow. I'm pretty sure that each margarita is hand shaken, so as you can imagine things get backed up. My last and second visit to Mizado, we did not receive our first margarita until we were almost done with our tacos. The waitress was super friendly, but a little slow to communicate the delay to us. All in all, I would send my good friends here. =)Great food and good staff! I always make sure to eat here every 5-6 months. My favorite time to go is for brunch. Their sweet guacamole is out of this world. The only problem with this place is that it gets extremely loud around dinner time when its a full house. Other than that, perfect spot to visit!!We had a group on 5 of us. We were seated almost immediately on a Friday night. The hostess was very nice and so was our waitress. I wish I could remember her name, but she was a doll. The best tasting food here is the pork belly apps and the Shrimp Skewers. The only negatives are that the food portions are so small for the price you pay, the parking, and finally the noise level. 
 I told the waitress about how good the food was, but wish the portions were bigger and she said the food is meant to be shared, I am guessing as in a small plates or tapas type of restaurant. I just wish the portions were bigger. The tacos are very small and you only get 3 (maybe 4 inches diameter. Then you pay almost the same price for 3 as you do for 2 of the 'specialty' ones. But I also recommend the pork belly tacos and the sauces that comes with the different types of tacos are phenominal. Oh and table guacamole is a must. 
The second negative is the noise level. I was sitting in a booth with my family and could hardly hear them. Maybe some curtains set up would help that? Next time I think I will opt to sit outside just because of the noise level. Overall very good restaurant. Love the fire pit and ambience outside.
And finally the parking sucks because there is no parking. The whole area is vallet and I can't stand vallet parking, I mean what is the point? You have to park under the i-10 bridge and play frogger to cross the street and hope you dont get hit by a zooming car.-1st time here
-need more experienced wait staff.  all too young and lacking speed
-chef very nice and customer oriented
-very long wait so ate at bar
-took 30 minutes to get drinks
-ate lobster tacos/guacamole/cobia sashimi/grilled shrimp(not sure of name)- all delicious!!
Definitely try it and make up your own mind.Insanely surprised, exceeded all expectations. A truly amazing Latin restaurant and thank goodness, we need them here. From the complimentary garbanzo beans and ceviche, queso fundido, platanos, duck tamale, carne tacos (fajita style, you make yourself), and the sashimi style tuna with avocado, jalapeño, cucumber, cilantro, sesame, the flan creme brûlée hybrid desert with whip cream, fresh margaritas with agave nectar and our friendly server. Thank y'all.More expensive tacos than Rum House. And you don't get to pick a variety of tacos. However, the seta, with mushrooms and kale, was one of the best tacos I have ever had. Just the right about of seasoning. Not very filling as I was hungry again an hour later so will get a side next time. Lots of quac was coming out, but again, rather expensive. I will go back soon for ceviche and the quac. And of course a margarita!If Guy Fieri did mexican food in metry and then that place went out to a bar and had sex with a TGI Fridays, you have Mizado.
Our server was like a robot with the repetitive rehearsed commentary. Taking saccharine fake to another level. 
THE ENTIRE EXPERIENCE WAS UNBELIEVABLY LOUD. The 4 drunk birthday screechers at the next table were a real treat. This was a friday night and apparently, people like this. 
It took 20 minutes to retrieve the car parked literally feet away while 2 morons sat there with eyes agape wondering how to handle the brain dead valet system. Wait..Im going to go to the bathroom again.... 
I had the chimichurri beef... i can't even. It wasn't remotely latin american. Nothing anyone had was.  Pre-sliced tasteless beef on top of what looked like some sort of potato hash with bacon in it, covered in onion rings. It wasn't delicate.
They also did this annoying ipad ordering thing that increased interaction time with the waitress, who just COULD NOT believe we weren't taking advantage of Lobster Fest What? who need this? Clown shoes.
Edit: I was literally ill when I wrote this from the meal, in fairness:
the margaritas were not from a mix, and were good
the guac was good
the tacos were ok that other people had
it looked better than semolina did
go literally anywhere else.I'm not sure how much longer they will be open because they were closing but changed their minds. Happy hour prices were decent with half off apps and cheaper than normal alcohol. 
Appetizers The queso was pretty good creamy and clearly made with a blend of cheeses that went well with the spicy sauce. It does thicken as you eat it so don't eat it too slowly.  The triple salsa is cool because you get to try multiple types I particularly enjoyed the creamy jalapeno.
Entrees you only get two tacos and while they arent particularly expensive two kind of left me hungry. You have to get appetizers, sides, or another order of taco. But my pato tools were delicious especially with the fresh lettuce  (lean) shell.5 stars for:
- jalepeno cucumber margarita
- grilled fish tacos
- fast service
1 star for:
-price/value. Too expensive for what you get. 
- parking situation. 3/4 of their lot is reserved for valet. The restaurant is not big enough to expect that lot to ever overflow, thus necessitating valet. Just let people park their own cars.
That being said, I will be back for the items listed above, when I save up some money. I'm a sucker for a good margarita and fish taco.A nicer twist to a Mexican restaurant is how I would describe mikado. The guacamole is ok, could use some spice and maybe cilantro, but other than that the food is quite awesome. Our waitress, Elizabeth, could not have been nicer. The overall experience was enjoyable. I would defiantly come back.Great food. My family (from ages 9 to 93) loved it, awesome setup, love the guacamole and all the food!!!The food was mediocre. The service was LOUSY. The drinks were delightful. Not surprised at all that this place is closing. I'll miss the coconut margs, nothing else.This is not a Mexican Restaurant. In fact they are closed for Cinco de Mayo. This is a Latin Restaurant with flavors from various countries. 
The drinks are strong, the food has always been on point and the service has been outstanding. 
I recommend getting the chips with the 3 salsa choices. The taco's a very good, steak works here and the shrimp is delicious. Get yourself a Margarita on the rocks and the salt foam is a pleasant surprise. 
Oh, leave room for dessert. They have their version of Flan which hits the spot.Wish I could give 3.5 stars, but will have to leave 3 stars! My discontent lies with my order being taken incorrectly and how overpriced the food is for what little you get. I haven't dined in the restaurant so I cannot comment on their service.
I placed an order for pick-up over the phone. When my boyfriend and I arrived to get our food, the order had been missing an item and had a few extra items that we hadn't actually ordered. It was partially my mistake for not asking the person on the phone to repeat the order back to me. However, being so hungry, we decided to just pay for everything except 1 dish so we could go home and eat. 
Don't get me wrong, the flavors are fantastic! We had the tuna tiradito, duck tacos, and skinny lobster tacos. Unfortunately, the portions are maaaaad tiny and each order of tacos only comes with 2 small tacos. The total was close to $50 and we were still hungry after eating our food.
The take-away: You will easily rack up a high bill here if you want to leave with a full belly!Seriously fresh food and a creative menu. Had dinner here with a group of co-workers, and we loved it.I like this place. A new twist on Mexican cuisine. The fish tacos were pretty good but the beef enchilada was very tasty. Both dishes were "spiced" in a non-traditional way. Definitely sample the sauces. The challenge will be the parking if you arrive during prime time. Definitely a place to come back to.This place would probably be a great place for lunch but not so much for dinner and unless you feel like sitting in the cafeteria that's loud and cramped. What's with those chairs?? I'm slouching in it waiting for some kid to take my lunch money. The outside patio lounge area is the best place to have dinner weather permitting. All the guacamoles were great and the tacos were good but small. You're better off going to the rum house if you looking for tacos at a decent cost. Here the carne tacos $16 with one side. At the rum house you'll get three (trifecta) for $13 and its filling. Don't get me wrong everything here was great it's just one big and expensive taco truck.Food was amazing, wine was great and our server Elizabeth was awesome! I have to give her serious kudos for being an example of how wait service should be done. Overall the entire staff we interacted with were great, but she really made the meal memorable. Service can make or break a meal, and mizado doesn't fail!Good menu selection and food looked as good as it tasted. I had the smoked pork belly appetizer and coconut shrimp tacos. Service was friendly and knew the menu well.This is definitely one of my favorite Latin restaurants in the city. I love their unique flavor, and wide variety of salsa's. Highly recommend this place!We had previously had a bad server experience but went back for happy hour and were pleasantly surprised. Great prices and great bartenders. And a wonderful appetizer list that was half off. It is a touch too loud so would not recommend going with more than a few people.I really like the decor, and the food is very good and interesting.  But I dont like to go too often because the drinks are mediocre at best.....and if the bar sucks, then whats the point?
The glasses are small, I REALLY hate the martini glasses..cheap glass and small.....3 sips and its GONE!! The quality of the drink is completely variable....and I detest sending drinks back.
The bar service is below average, even after several visits they don't seem to pay much attention to you, and the key to any decent bar is that they remember how you like your drink, even when they get it right, certainly not anywhere near what I expect for the money paid and from my experiences anywhere in town and out.  Having said that, one of the girl bartenders seems to be the best, but again....I dont want to plan my outing around who is tending bar!!!
For that reason I would say try it for the food, but I wouldnt go for the drinks.Great food and service!
Loved the atmosphere and menu selection.
Please go by and have a bite!I've been here several times, and I've really enjoyed it every time. Service is always friendly and fast, and the food is always great. One time, I felt everything was a little too hot, but still good. Every other time, the food has been great. 
Good specialty drinks and decent beer. Very comfortable and casual.
I definitely recommend it.The food is very fancy Mexican food and margaritas are stronger than they taste. The price is a little high though. The waiters use iPads to send the food orders in and it comes out fast. They have salt foam on the margaritas if you're looking for more than salt. Great seafood tacos, awesome steak dish, and tons of different salsas.
Highly recommendedWhile I do love Mizado, I have never understood their music selection. At this moment, extremely annoying EDM is playing. It ranges from mildly to intensely irritating. 
The prickly pear margarita with salt foam is just right to knock the edge off the music.I've been here a couple of times and the food has steadily gotten more disappointing. 
My first visit would have been 5 stars - you must come here! I got delicious tacos (pork belly and Mushroom) and the chips and salsa were delicious and unique! I liked it so much I even came here for my work birthday lunch!
My second visit was 'ok at best. We went during lunch in late March and opted to try all the salsas (we were a big group). Splitting the check was easy and the service was ok. I was very disappointed that at 11 am on a Monday they were out of two different types of tacos... This was the first time I tried the Mac and Cheese and it was delicious.
My third time (and maybe last time) visiting was last night. Mom and I got the cucumber jalapeno margs that we saw on facebook, guacamole, one salsa, mac and cheese, and the family style chicken tacos.
The Margs were delicious, which they should be at $10.
The guacamole was average at best...kinda fun to see them mix it at table side.
The one salsa we got was not really impressive by itself, I would go with a trio of salsa and skip the guac.
The mac and cheese was the savior of the meal.
The chicken tacos were disgusting... 
Since the tacos were family style everything came separated out and you could mix it together to 'build your taco.' I took my corn tortilla, put my chicken on it, skipped the onions, and put the sauce on top of the chicken.
The first bite I took was very gross... I couldn't tell if I didn't like the sauce or the chicken, but after the second bite I decided I really didn't like the tacos. I didn't want to be picky so I just kept eating the Mac and Cheese.
When it came time to eat the second taco, Mom and I were kinda just playing around with our food and Mom finally said "I think this chicken is bad.." and I said "OMG!! Me too!!"
The weird thing is, when we told our waitress, she quickly took away the food (we only ate about 4 pieces out of the whole chicken strips) and the general manager came over. He told us that this dish is one of the most critiqued dished on their menu and went to tell us the cooking style for the chicken. We explained to him that the texture of the chicken was not the issue, but it tasted like the chicken was old. It actually tasted like chicken breasts (or strips) that were frozen, defrosted, frozen again and then cooked.
The manager was very nice and took the tacos off of our bill. 
If I decide to go again, I may just cal to see if they have the mushroom taco...that one was the best.My complaint about Mizado is simple: they lied to me. We had wanted to try it since it's a new restaurant, but Mizado is inconveniently located and difficult to get to. Tonight we were out walking in the neighborhood and called to see if there was a wait for tables. The answer was "No wait." Five minutes later, we showed up and were told there was a 20-25 minute wait for tables. What? They claimed a lot of customers had just arrived. Seriously? Needless to say, we will not be going back to Mizado. Most restaurants try to estimate wait times conservatively. If they lie about that, how can you trust the food?Perfect! Except sit at a booth, the table lighting is horribleI've been several times and the food and services has been great each time. I love going during happy hour when the appetizers are half price. The steak screwers are awesome!Brunch! I have had some 4/5 star visits previously (my issue was with serving sizes), but going to Sunday brunch was definitely 5/5. Bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, and bloody marias for only $10 put Mizado above any other brunch place in my opinion. That alone is enough to go, but the food is delicious and unique as well. We had the brunch menu tamale and carnita, recommended by Manager Kat, and they were amazing. Each dish was about $12 and it was very filling. Server Caitlin also made our experience pleasant-- always smiling, nice, knowledgeable, and quick!  
I enjoy Mizado because each outing is different. The menu changes, the specials change, and the drinks are so yummy. The place is trendy and fun, the service is great, and the food comes quick and is delicious. I'd recommend to anyone who enjoys trying new places and cuisine. 
Oh, and they have a lighted, outdoor patio with a TV that I'm dying to try!Friends and I came for a few snacks and drinks. I got the Chipotle Sunrise margarita. It was the most beautiful pink/purple color and SO tasty! We all agreed I had the best cocktail at the table. A close rival, however, was the Cucumber Jalepeno margarita. So refreshing! 
We ordered traditional guacamole because that seemed like "the thing" to do. It was excellent! Salmon ceviche was ordered and that was my first time trying salmon ceviche but it was delish! I am anxious to try the tuna ceviche. Maybe next time...
The Skinny lobster tacos were incredible and did pack an unexpected kick. Also the Peking duck tacos were fabulous and all of the tacos looked like a work of art!
Being a fatty, I had to see dessert. I forgot the name. It was similar to a flan but it was caramel and it was creme brûlée style with whipped cream. I literally could have eaten ten bowls of that stuff. OMG.
Fun fact: the drinks with salt come with a salty foam on top. Pretty cool! 
Definitely going back for more things! NOM NOM NOMTotally overrated and overpriced.  
The place just feels cheap, like they cut corners to save money.  The seats are made of those cheap plastic lawn chairs.  SO uncomfortable.
Poor service, our server seemed like she wanted to quit and was rude to us! When we told her the guacamole was off, she left the guac and didn't come back with a new batch lol. The food was average, we had to it send back some meat as it was too raw.  Then we had to argue cause we didn't get a finished guac and I'm not paying for that.
Also, why are TINY PORTIONS with crazy prices so popular?!  And the food was just average nothing special at all.  Try another Mexican place, you work to hard for your money!YUM!!!!!! I had the duck tamale, so good!  The Mac & Chorizo is awesome.  All the salsas are great.  An awesome NOLA find that I'm sad I'm just now trying out as I am moving this weekend.  Wish I would have met you sooner Mizado Cocina!Food very very good. Tipping policy SUCKS!!!! This place adds a 20% gratuity to the check.Bumpy start when our reservation for my husband's 50th birthday celebration.  They recovered amazingly second go around.  Phenomenal food and server.  They sent over champagne to help us celebrate.
 Thanks for making it special-we will be back!So the restaurant is beautiful and welcoming and they have great Happy Hours from 2-6 Monday thru Friday. That's where my compliments end. The guacamole was almost inedible and the chips were sparse and over-cooked. The $5 a glass of wine at Happy Hour is week at best...in a 12oz bubble glass it wasn't even filled to 1/4 portion. The margarita was lacking any flavor but tart, tart, lime. This is my second visit for Happy Hour and I'm sad to say I will not be making a third. With all the excellent competition in NOLA it's easy to see why this place has only 3 patrons at HH!This place was good don't get me wrong but for the price it just wasn't worth it to me. We got the queso and added chorizo which was good, but I've had better. The menu was rather small as well. Mostly tacos, 3 entrees, and some salads. I tried the pork cheek taco which was ok at best. The toppings of the taco was too spicy even though I do enjoy when my food has heat. I took a bite of my boyfriends duck taco and it was better than mine, but still wouldn't order it again. We got black beans with chorizo and the Brussel sprouts as a side, both were very good. I recommend if you do try this place get those. The drinks were good but too pricy as well. Overall I'm glad I tried it but I wouldn't go back since it didn't wow me and there are so many other restaurants in New Orleans that will.Consistently great service and good food! This isn't your typical tacos and tamales place it's better! If you want typical go to Carretas which I like but doesn't compare. My favorite must haves every time are the cucumber jalapeño margaritas, tuna tiradito, Latin tuna tataki, and now the duck tamales which I did not get a picture of because me and my boo gobbled it down too fast. Enjoy :)The guacamole and drinks are the only reason I go. With that being said...I've been a number of times because their guac and cocktails are just that good.The ceviche selection is excellent and their menu adds some new twists on old favorites.I'm obsessed with their chicken sandwich and I order it religiously almost twice a week take out a couple times they've mixed up my order I get home it's not the right thing or they say that it takes 15 minutes  when it really takes 25 minutes I want to love this place so bad but please get it togetherA little pricey but they food was really good and really different.  It wasn't like Carreta's Mexican, it was a little more sophisticated tasting.  Only thing I didn't like was the salsa, it needed cilantro and more flavor.  I would recommend it, I will go back.  They gave us so pickled vegetables and crispy fried garbanzo beans complimentary before the meal, yum.I love Mexican food. I hate cilantro. It tastes like soap to me, just like it does to 20% of the population. So, if Mizado is going to dump a handful of cilantro on every dish, I sure wish they would include that on the menu.
With this in mind, I ordered the Tuna Tiradito, no cilantro, & the Chimichurri (steak) rare. The tuna came out sans cilantro as requested &, while a little too spicy, it was fresh & respectable. Then the beef emerged absolutely COVERED in cilantro. I realize our server isn't a mind reader, but beyond the lack of common sense displayed in failing to suggest that I may also want to order my steak without cilantro, she was also rude. I sent the steak back & her response was a curt, "But [the cilantro] is on the menu." Me: "No, it's not. I would've ordered it without cilantro if it was on the menu." The waitress then proceeds to fetch a menu & bring it back to the table. Now I'm pissed! Especially since - TA-DA! - there is in fact NO cilantro listed as an ingredient in the steak dish. I guess this was sufficient justification for her to finally take it back. In an exaggerated Joe Pesci, "My Cousin Vinny" tone: "I'm SO GLAD I could accommodate you!"
While I'm waiting for a new steak dish, I order a second cocktail. Now, this was a busy weekend night, but, even though we were sitting in a booth right next to the bar, it took her 10 minutes to even put the drink order in, as I saw the exact moment when she made eye contact with me & realized she'd forgot. All told, the second drink took 20 minutes to get to our table. We were so close that I was tempted to go behind the bar & make it myself.
Then the steak returns. Shitty, overcooked, gristly steak that I was too tired of sitting there to send back a second time. If Applebee's & Taco Bell had a developmentally disabled kid, it would be this place.Delicious ceviche. Perfect blend of sweet, sour, salty, and crunchy .Been here twice. Always had a GREAT experience. Service was superb! I like that the order placed table side, decreasing errors. Drinks are delivered by someone at the bar instead of your server, so they stay fresh. Very impressive. 
They food was spectacular both times too. Order ANYTHING. It's our new fave neighborhood spot. Midcity fa' life!Mizado is brought to you by the same guys who created the very popular Zea's, and they have another hit here. I usually don't eat Tex-Mex since most dishes at such places are simply rearrangements of beans rice cheese protein tortillas sour cream guacamole and salsa.  And they usually serve glow-in-the-dark green margaritas and give you a silly sombrero on cinco de mayo. But I do love Mexican  food, and this what Mizado is all about. 
I started out with  a Margarita flavored with pomegranate juice which was nice. I wished I had simply tried a plain one made with lime to see if it glowed. Will do so next time. Then my 2 dining companions and I split some dishes. First we had guacamole which is made tableside. It is is certainly different from what you get  elswhere. The avocados are remakably fresh and tasty. There is very little in the way of other ingredients- a little salt, garlic, cilantro, and lime juice- and I mean a little. The result is what some might call bland, but I think is an unfair characterization. My guess is this is how guacamole is served in the place of its origin, simple to allow a great avocado to shine which it did. Our server also brought out a trio of salsas as well as the house salsa. Frankly, the house was my favorite with a nice kick of cumin. And again, all fresh ingredients. 
Then on to the main stuff. We passed around a side of the chorizo mac and cheese which was excellent. Then we shared 3 differenct tacos- chorizo, pescado frito, and pato. Of the three, the fried fish and the duck confit were the better and were awesome. The fish itself is wonderful, cubes of redfish (not tilapia or some other tasteless fish) served with pickled cabbage and a nice tartar sauce. The pato or duck is Peking duck confit, caramelized sweet onion, and fresh pineapple melon salsa. It was my favorite, and when I go back I will get it again. The chorizo was plenty good as well. I also really liked the house made sauce which works with just about everything and the tortillas themselves are excellent. 
A couple of downsides. First the service was very friendly (very attractive wait staff and front of house) but very uneven. Second the noise is crazy, with music playing fairly loudly and everyone talking louder than normal to be heard over it. Even the servers had trouble hearing us. It could be a generational thing because it was a very young crowd . I have younger friends who seek out such venues because they love dining in that atmosphere. It's just not my thing.
I thought the prices were very reasonable especially given the quality of the ingredients and the result. My guess is there is very little here that is canned or processed, maybe none. 
All in all I was very pleased with Mizado and will def return.Tonight was the third time I've dined at this restaurant and there are so many things I love about it. 
The decor is fantastic. So modern and chic.  I love the look of the bar and the music they play is modern. (Like Britney and GaGa modern, which I found refreshing for what is considered a "Latin American, Mexican" restaurant.  
The frozen margaritas are wonderful. I'm pretty sure my friend had a pomegranate one the first time I was there with him. He loved it and dines here often.  I think he secretly has a crush on one of the servers, but I'll never betray his trust.  Decent wine list. Great cocktail list. 
The guacamole (made table-side) was fresh and delicious, although I like a ton of cilantro and lime in mine. I don't think there was any cilantro or lime in it to be honest but I'm not 100% sure. I could be wrong. There are several different types of guacamole to choose from too. The server making the guacamole couldn't have been nicer when I asked him if he could stop for a second for me to take a picture. I know that can be annoying to servers.  The queso was the best I've ever had, manchego shaved on top. My friends had the Anticucho de Carne which is grilled filet mignon skewers served with a green salsa.  I don't eat red meat but the salsa was fantastic. During one of my previous dining experiences, my friend and I had the salsa sampler.  I really enjoyed the tomatillo salsa, but could have lived without the other two (which I can't remember which ones we had).  However, the concept is great and there are several salsas to choose from.  
I'm going to preface this by saying I'm not a huge fan of spicy food.  However, I've had the Camaron Tacos twice but one of the times I've had them they were too spicy.  Inedibly spicy,  I'm afraid. If you can handle the fire - I say go for it but next time I'm going to stick with something a little milder.
My friends and I sat at the bar (the bartender was great), but I was a little disappointed that the dining room was practically empty.  It was a monday night, about 7pm so I'm sure that's the reason but I'd hoped to see more diners there.  The place is fantastic.If I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Tuna Tiradito... The only thing bad about it is that I can't get an endless supply.Loved this place!  From the modern decor, to the amazing food, this place did it for me. 
I loved the creativity of the dishes. My personal favorite was the pork belly plantain skewers. Wow, so many flavors and textures. The guacamole was a highlight too. 
We stat outside, and the traffic was a little noisy, but expected right by the freeway. 
The service was really good. The food came fast, and several people were always checking on our table, even though the inside of the restaurant was full, and we were 1 of only 2 tables occupied outside. 
The cucumber and jalapeño margarita is a MUST!  I will be back....often.What a surprise for Sunday brunch. Came here because everything else was so packed. What a great surprise. Food and drinks were fantastic. Staff is very pleasant. We will DEFINATELY come back here for Sunday brunch. The usually brunch items plus all their regular dishes. You must get the guacamole with pistachios. Amazing.Thoroughly enjoyed everything last night.  They started our table of 7 off with a sampling of special crunchy seasoned chick peas and pickled vegetables which both had some really good flavors.  Then came my house mojito which made me want to be on the beach with the wind in my hair and sand on my toes.  What a yummy treat.  Then came the fresh guac and  trio of salas with chips and pico which were all very delicious and unique, except some of those salas made my mojito disappear really quick, LOL but well worth it.  We all ordered something different but i didn't try anything else except for my fried fish tacos which were to die for and i had no desire to share.  The mardi gras flavors of the evening left me wanting to go back again real soon.  Our server Karl was the best.  Very knowledgeable helpful and funny to boot.  Service impeccable as was the hostesses.  Very dimly lit at 9pm and hard to read menu with my bad eye sight so i will have to go back where there is more natural light so i can get a better glimpse of things.  So only one photo tonight of a cool light fixture over our table.  News flash... In a few weeks following mardi gras season, look for them to open maybe for lunch on saturday or a sunday funday brunch.  Cant wait.Fantastic service fresh drinks and flavorful food that is well worth the price. Got the queso and salsa sampler to start it was delicious. The avocado cream salsa was my favorite. We ordered the shrimp tamale and split the beef tacos which was plenty of food for two people. The food is defiantly worth the price and I actually prefer smaller portions that have big flavor, I have always hated leftovers or portions where I can't even eat a third. Plus their meats and seafood are higher quality. Grass fed beef just tastes so much better. The desert custard was amazing. I got the pineapple mojoito. My only suggestion is if you have heartburn take a nexium if your gonna eat some of the spicier options.Was in town for brunch, and was taken here by family.  I was not disappointed.  There coffee was delicious (not pictured), the ambiance was nice and the workers were tentative.  We had the following:
- Chorizo Fundido - housemade Duroc chorizo, queso blanco, cotija, mozzarella and manchego sauce, served with crisp tortilla strips - delicious, cheesy, and just the perfect amount of chorizo.  Make sure to eat it quick though, the cheese hardens faster than you can eat
- Tamale Ranchero - masa cake, housemade Duroc chorizo black beans, mozzarella, salsa roja, fried eggs, cilantro, crispy corn tortilla strips - delicious tamale, wish there were more meat
- Carne Asada Con Huevos - beer-braised, grass-fed natural steak and fried eggs, pork belly potatoes, cilantro - this was the star winner of the visit, after a long night, perfectly seasoned, and cooked to perfection
I would be back.I  definitely enjoy this place whenever i get the chance to come. I am a big fan of Tequila so automatically i enjoy a bar with tequila and bartender knowledge of the different types of Tequilas. The bartender was so knowledgeable about the many different types of Tequila and he was so passionate about it. He had enough experience to let me know what i may and may not like. We even had a convo about Rums. The food was good. I enjoyed my queso and lobster dip. I actually got full off the queso Dip alone so i had no room for anything else. Me and my friend went and we were able to keep the glass . We had a wicked margarita that had this sangria taste and it was just good. There's an outside seating with blocks so it looks really  romantic and just intimate!  I enjoyed it. I will be back!!