My wife and I came in for two bowls of ramen. The restaurant was nearly empty and had 3 servers, and 3 in the kitchen and poke. We waited for more than 30 minutes for our ramen and I even checked in with another waitress to make sure our order was correct. We watched 2 other tables get served before us and I asked about our food again. We got tired of waiting. I don't hardly ever do this, but we walked out. If we had been told how long it would be and given some kind of explanation or offered an appetizer or something, we might have stuck around. I was excited to try the food. The other reviews raved about the ramen, but the service and management were lacking. We won't be back.I dislike writing bad review but this will have to do it. This is our second time giving them another chance due to the issues they had on the grand opening. My sisters and I were at the grand opening and waited for two hours for the main meal which were the ramen; which never came out. Lucky, I ate beforehand because i was close to being late for work which was around the corner. 
So we came back few weeks later for lunch to give them a chance to fix their problems on grand opening. This time the ramen came out in 10 mins.  However, the broth was very very salty that we couldn't finish it. We tried to order something else on the menu but we gave up and went somewhere else to eat after. Sooo until theres improvement to be made, I don't think we will be coming back.Came here on an afternoon with my wife. The place was empty and the staff was standing around chit chatting yet it took nearly 5 mins for someone to come up to us and ask "do y'all need something?" Umm.. we came to eat? We ordered dumplings, some rib eye steak, and 2 bowls of ramen (pork belly and brisket). Dumplings was good, rib eye was tough. The ramens came out barely room temps and the broth was super super salty. Definitely will not be back.I've been to a lot of Ramen places around the US, and this is definitely one of my favorites. The broth was perfectly seasoned in the seafood miso Ramen. Not only that but the environment and view were definitely a plus. Definitely going to be one of my spots to visit often.Food is good, service really needs improvement. It's very obvious there is minimal leadership here. Hopefully things improve as the restaurant becomes more established.I waited a while to write this review, because I have been there a few times and wanted to try a few things before I did.
Momo is by far my new favorite restaurant in New Orleans. At this point, I have tried probably everything on the menu that has even remotely appealed to me and it has all been pretty fantastic.
The poke is amazing. There are only a handful of places to get poke in town, but this must be the best. The fish is incredibly fresh and very well cut. I worry that sometimes people don't appreciate how much better sushi, sashimi, and poke taste when the cut is good. The other add-ins are very good and the variety is just as good if not better than anywhere else I have been.
The ramen is good. Honestly, I have never been a big ramen fan, so it was good on a scale of ramen. It was very big. I ended up splitting a ramen so it ended up being a very inexpensive meal.
Now, what I really wanted to talk about - everything else! The crawfish spring rolls are fantastic. They have a few items from the robota grill and they are so simple, yet delicious. The main menu is amazing if you want to go with a  few friends and just split a lot of dishes. The flavor variety is diverse and excellent. 
I have also been a bit surprised by how friendly the wait staff is. Obviously the wait staff in New Orleans generally can be very hospitable. But, having been there now a handful of times, they make me feel like family every time I come in. Even if the food was less than amazing, I would probably come in just for the people. 
This is in the old O'Henry's location. That means it is one of the best balconies to eat on in the city. I really like going there in the evening and catching the fresh air. The parking is usually pretty easy for. 
So, in short, I am very glad I stumbled on this place.I was really looking forward to trying this place today. Even though they just opened, I thought I would give them a chance. It got off to a rocky start when we arrived at 11 AM and they were still prepping the restaurant for service. People mopping the floors. Etc. Nothing like being really hungry and smelling cleaning solutions. I have only had poke at poke loa, so I am not an expert, but to me momo's poke ingredients are just strange. Carrots? Radishes? And they were kind of stingy with them. The toppings at poke loa are way yummier. The pork Ramen dish was pretty good I will say. And the spicy pork dumplings appetizer was pretty good as well. Another knock would be that our waitress smelled like an ashtray. Also, management should let the waitresses know that patrons do not want to hear their personal stories about their lives while they are trying to enjoy lunch. It was a constant yapping session. 
I will definitely come back for the Ramen. I would never get the poke again. And I would like to try some other appetizers. The place has only been open for a little while, so I do expect things to get better.I read a number of bad reviews before I went to Momo, but decided to try it anyway because we were in the area. First off, the place was empty but I had to keep looking for my server. Every time I ordered, she'd come back ten minutes later saying they were out of whatever I ordered. When I finally decided on something they weren't out of, my entree showed up. This place says they serve ramen, but this isn't ramen. It's a bowl full of chili oil and onion water. I was pretty disappointed.I've had two experiences with this place, both have been rather unpleasant. The first time I dined in and ordered the vegan ramen. The food was fine although when I asked them if they could make it spicy, the answer was no. So that was a bit bizarre, but no worries. What got me is that while we were eating our water was never once refilled and when we asked for the check, it took 47 minutes (I timed it) to arrive. 
The second experience was last night. I decided order via the waitr app and ordered a poke bowl. The app allows you to select ingredients from a menu and add them to a dish. When the food arrived it filled less than half the normal sized container it arrived in. It was also missing half the ingredients I had selected. I have never been so disappointed in a meal in my life. The portion wasn't even enough to feed a child. This is the first time I've felt inclined to leave a poor review and I think it's extremely warranted.Went back a second time just because It's in a great location and I really wanted to like this place. My noodle was under cooked and the pork had way too much fat. I am done with this place. Kin and Nomiya are my places for ramen.We stopped by here yesterday (on national Ramen Day, April 4!) and really enjoyed the meal. 
Started with two appetizers, Karage Chicken and chili/sesame dumplings. The dumplings were the more successful of these. The rich sesame and hot chili were nice counterpoints to the pork dumplings. Chicken could've had more seasoning, and I think it usually works better with dark meat. But it was nice and crunchy. 
We both had tonkatsu ramen which was lovely. The broth was delicious and flavorful. Really enjoyed it.First time here and I have to say that everything we tried was delicious! Was fortunate enough to catch happy hour so got to try a bunch items for a great price! We had the bang bang shrimp, dumplings, baked oyster, crawfish spring roll, edamame, pork belly buns, chicken karage, calamari, and half priced mojitos!Took the family here for the first time the other day.  Had a very enjoyable time sitting on the balcony watching the St. Charles streetcars go by and having some good food on a lovely day.  This is one of those places that gets an entire extra star for location location location. Love that balcony.
We mourned the loss of O'Henry's, but the new Momo is, in my view, an improvement. It's cleaner, sleeker, more modern, and even feels considerably more spacious than it did under the previous tenant.
We had really terrific service - Misty was a great waiter - quick, attentive, got us our drinks straight off the bat - or rather, got that bottle of Kim Crawford open and on the table in an ice bucket right quick. She was friendly and funny without being intrusive. She was on point walking us through the menu, got our appetizers and entrees out in good order, and generally was attentive and responsive throughout the meal.  Thanks Misty!
For appetizers, we tried the Bang Bang Shrimp, Ribeye Beef Skewers, Fried Calamari, Crab Balls and Crispy Crawfish Spring Rolls.  They were all good, but we all particularly enjoyed the Bang Bang Shrimp.
Four of us got build-your-own poke for our entree, and the other got ramen. Everyone was happy with what they got, and the poke ingredients were nice and fresh.
I think how much one enjoys this place may be in part an expectations game. This is not Nobu or Kurumazushi; it's an affordable, casual poke and ramen place with a solid menu, good pricing (appetizers in the $5-$10 range, entrees in the $13-15 range), and a pleasant atmosphere.  The wonderful balcony makes it a lovely place for a meal.  But think of this place as a competitor for Zea, or Felipe's, and in that context I think it does what it does extremely well.
Maybe we got lucky, but we'll certainly be back to find out.Love this place the tempura Brussels sprouts and pork belly ramen are amazing the people were really nice and the outside patio is wonderfulMomo is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood. I thoroughly enjoyed all of the food that I tried there. While I am no ramen expert, I can say with confidence that the ramen here was better than the ramen I had at David Chang's restaurant in Vegas. The pork ramen broth almost tasted like cultured butter in the best way possible. The smoked brisket ramen was deep, dark, smokey, and delicious. The dumplings were also excellent.
My only complaint was that my mom's dinner (poke, which is made upstairs) came out quite a few minutes before everyone else's. 
I highly recommend.All of the bad reviews are correct.  Place should be called No Mo Ramen.   Unlike others we did get our drinks pretty quickly but the rest of the experience was horrible.  Ramen is mediocre at best.  We also ordered 2 appetizers immediately upon arrival so that we could give some food to our son who is one year old.  We ordered the beef skewers and Kim chi braised short ribs.  Also ordered two bowls of brisket ramen.   About 30 minutes later our ramen was in the window.   We sat upstairs so could see the soup in the window.  I hear the manager call to get the order expedited so it would be brought to our table. However everyone just sat around.  Took about 7 minutes to get it and when it finally arrived the broth was lukewarm.   We still had not received our apps and I asked what was taking so long.  They told us that the Kim chi shortribs take a long time to prepare and that the skewers would be out soon.   About 10 minutes later the beef skewers arrived and they were tasty. Son did like them.  We sat around for another 20 minutes waiting on the Kim chi short ribs. (Had been there an hour already and ramen was finished).  Then the server came to us and said that they only have a cook at this time who does not know how to make the shortribs and the "chef" who knows how to cook it was upstairs.  They offered us another appetizer for free and we then ordered the dumplings.   Manager returned and told us they were also out of that.   So we ordered the pork buns which were pretty terrible.   I will usually give a place two tries but our first experience there was so bad I will never go back again.  I don't recommend this place and I was surprised at how bad it was.I am giving this place one star only for our server whose name started with a T. She was very sweet and deserves better.  The pork belly bun was under whelming. I got the vegan ramen and the only thing good about the bowl was the broth. I asked for an egg which was left out and then brought to the table, frozen and hard boiled. Gross. The noodles were all wrong and the fresh vegetables were not fresh.  The service besides our server was awful. When we arrived the staff was sitting at the bar and no one even got up to greet us. Our food sat in the window with servers coming up to it, looking at the ticket and just walking away. This includes the man who seemed to be the manager who acted like he didn't want to run our food because it was up the stairs. Lazy. Saying this place is a disappointment would be an understatement. Don't waste your time or money.Came in excited to try some new ramen in New Orleans, the restaurant just opened today. Took a long time to get our order taken, and we never got our drinks after ~40 minutes of waiting. Other tables were only getting food for half of the customers. The food smelled great, but unfortunately we had to leave early for a lack of service and management.Went here last week, excited about a new poke/ramen place close to home. My friend ordered tuna poke and I got chicken ramen with the kale noodles after the waitress recommended the noodles to me. First off, the tuna lacked color and nothing in the poke bowl appeared even remotely fresh. Wilted greens, tough mango, disgusting tuna. Basically what I would picture if a gas station offered poke. My ramen was hardly better. The broth was not comparable to other places in the area and the kale noodles tasted out of place and not good. 
I do love this location (great upper deck) and it has been a shame to see many failed restaurants come and go in the past few years. Sad to say this will be another one, I predict this will be gone very soon.At 1130 AM with the door to the restaurant unlocked and no signage posted: "Ummmm we aren't really open, maybe just the bar. We probably won't open until maybe 12:30."
Lots of luck new place. I'm guessing you don't make it too long operating like that.Was happy to try a new ramen place in New Orleans but there is still only one place to go and It is most certainly not here. Anyone in the service industry shouldn't waste their time or money. Save yourself the disappointment. I knew I made a mistake as soon as I ordered the pork belly tonkatsu. Hard boiled egg was not pleasant. Basic generic noodles. Overall unsatisfactorySuper ecstatic about having a new ramen place in town. Dined at Momo Ramen on their grand opening. It was the worst grand opening I've ever attended. We were a group of 5 people and ordered 5 bowls of ramen with two appetizers. Giving the restaurant the benefit of the doubt because it's their first day, but we waited a total of two hours. Waiting two hours because we are curious if we should ever return and also being generous because it's their first day. The appetizer was roughly made! We had ribeye skewers which were chewy and the sauce looked as if it was just slapped on the plate.
The fried calamari was okay, with a little seasoning it would've been better, it was very bland.
The waitress T was nice and helped us understand that there's nothing she could really do because the food wasn't being pushed out of the kitchen on time. 
When asked about our order it seemed as if, the manager Mika was ready to get us out of there without serving the ramen after waiting 2 hours. I thought that was really rude and unaccommodating. 
I've explained that since we already waited so long we still want the main course which was the RAMENS!
Finally, 20 mins later... the ramen came out and it was salty. The manager came up to ask and we told her it was salty. I hope they will work on their ramen and the service as to how long a customer should wait for their main course. 
Definitely a 2/5 stars for their grand opening! 
A lot of servers, not enough people in the kitchen. 
No mo momo ramen for me.I ate here on Grand Opening and was so excited to try this new place. I was not dissappointed! I got to try both poke and ramen and both were incredible. I've honestly been dreaming of the poke since I left. I could eat it every single day it was so good. The ramen was also phenomenal. I tried the brisket and the broth had obviously had a lot of time and energy put into it, it was smokey and full of flavor. The food was so good. I can't wait to go back!I hate to tack on another bad review so early, but they REALLY botched this opening. We live in the neighborhood and were looking forward to another good food option, but I don't think we will dine in ever again. 
We were seated upstairs, given menus and then waited 15 minutes for someone to come by and ask if we had been served. Finally got someone to take our order-- two waters, a brisket ramen and a seafood ramen. No "Welcome!" or any sort of introduction, no information about the menu or the concept. 
Service took forever, and the waitstaff was extremely disorganized. When we finally got our ramen after an hour of waiting, it was pretty average, salty and nothing to write home about. We quickly settled our check and left. What should have been a 45 minute dinner turned into nearly a two-hour ordeal.
I would like to come back and try the poke bar (to go!), which looked promising, but not planning on dining in again any time soon unless the staff gets it together.The best ramen I've had. Great service. Amazing flavors. Very accommodating for food allergies. Ambience was great too. Sad that o'henry's is no longer there, but this is better! Thank you for a wonderful experience Momo teamSooo I was excited to try this place out, especially since I'm a very big foodie. However, my experience today just threw everything out the window. When arrived, we were seated upstairs on the balcony. Good thing I enjoyed the atmosphere that it gave but the person didn't ask if that's ok to sit outside vs inside. Of course any customer can always turn down on where he/she is to be seated but it can be an awkward thing for some customers to have to make that initiation. Also don't forget we live in nola where some parts of the day there are mosquitoes that are all over the place and outside is just like a picnic for them. Anyways back to the food, at this point I'm still excited. My husband and I ordered a poke bowl, crawfish spring roll app and 2 pork belly tonkotsu ramen. A little after the order we were informed by the waitress that the pork belly isn't ready and won't be until later today. What!?!? Really!?! We arrived at 1130am which is 30 mins after opening and don't have one of the main protein ready and cooked. To me that is crazy talk, especially when I know I read this owner isn't new to the restaurant business. It's different if it's a mom and pop, new to the restaurant world because I understand you learn as you make mistakes. For this establishment, hearing that you are not ready is crazy talk. Anyways we were given chicken or brisket as another option to choose, I got the chicken and he got the brisket. I'm still dumbfounded at this moment but still looking forward to the crawfish spring roll that I read everyone was raving about in the reviews. It came out and it was so bland. The roll was filled with mostly cabbage and no flavor to the crawfish inside. You are in nola, where crawfish is something you do not make it with no flavor. Yes there is sauce at the bottom of the plate to dip in but that exact sauce comes from a bottle and I know because I use that same bottle at home bought from the asian market. The ramen itself was just ok at this point, there is some kind of flavor in it but I compare the flavor to be the same as to my amateur first attempt of making pho at the age of 20. My chicken was fine but his brisket was still chewy which if you know brisket if it is cooked correctly it would be tender. Sorry for the bad review but I had higher expectations going in since owner has had experience before. The staff was great that I have seen, and I wish my bad experience was something else like long line wait or wrong drink or food order. I'll stick to nomiya. Good luck and I do hope they succeed but I will not be back.Brisket ramen was sooo good. Great broth and flavor. One of my favorite ramen spots. Tried the bang bang shrimp and the ribs as well. Both were delicious. Great balcony overlooking the streetcar line and Carrollton Avenue.Very nice waitstaff. But food is just not good. Had seafood ramen and the broth was basically just salt water without flavor. Friend had poke bowl, which was also not quality.Lets start.... it was ok. Ramen was salty and noddles was hard. Shrimp appetizer was good. We also order poke. They were out of salmon and rice was hard..Let me start off by saying that the servers were really kind, but the overall atmosphere was extremely awkward (especially with the placement of the poke bar upstairs while the kitchen was downstairs). I feel like this place would be a complete nightmare if it were to get busy with customers and servers bustling up and down the stairs with food and drink. The poke bowl was sub par considering the sushi rice tasted like normal jasmine rice and the toppings available were mainly fruits (?!?!) I might wait to come back and try the ramen since I'm genuinely curious. 
And, also, who runs out of cilantros?!We eat out a lot and travel frequently. This place was not good. Service was poor-walked in and felt like sit yourself style as we weren't greeted and pretty much ignored for it seemed like 5 minutes. Then the waitress took very long to get to our table and couldn't hear us so all of us had to repeat ourselves multiple times-not sure why as there wasn't music playing. The ramen came out and then the waitress sent it back for some unknown reason to sit so when I got it, it was tepid. The broth (chicken ramen) was over salted and barely edible but if I'm paying $14 for ramen, I'm eating it. She also ignored my husband's order for ramen - or pretended not to hear. He had to basically order something else to get food. The poke wasn't fresh-I could make that at home and it would taste infinitely better-jar jalapeños and seaweed salad you can get at your local intentional grocery store with unripened mangos! I would NOT recommend.I tried to like this place, but after two dining experiences, I've made my decision: not a fan. To start, service is awful. It took us a while to get poke menus and then pens to fill out our orders. I ordered beer with my food, but didn't get it until halfway through my entree. There were only 2 other tables in the building - it wasn't busy - our server/bartender was just on his phone a lot. The poke is mildly inedible and just thrown together. I ordered avocado on mine and they didn't even bother to chop it so I was just stabbing an avocado half with chopsticks. Don't eat the ginger, it tastes like what I imagine urinal cakes taste like. My boyfriend and I enjoy the tempura brussel sprouts, but both times we've ordered it it came with a different sauce. If your craving ramen or poke, there are much better places in Nola.A delightful place to end our afternoon of walking around different parts of New Orleans. I had the seafood ramen and it was yummy. Added a little heat at the table to make it delicious. DD had the chicken curry and cleaned out the bowl. I'd go back tomorrow to try the poke if we were still in town. Our waitress was helpful and attentive.It's their second day opening. There are a lot of things they need to work out. In time this place can be really good. Food wise, not bad. We had the schezuan dumplings and crab balls. The dumplings were sitting out a little too long. The top of the skin was getting a little hard. Very flavorful. The crab balls were a bit salty. The tartar sauce concoction a little runny. Would have tasted great if it were thicker. We had the pork ramen and the seafood ramen. Compared to another place, Momo was a little skimpy on the ingredients. More ramen than ingredients. For the wait staff. They seem all over the place and no one knew what the other was doing whether it was taking orders or bringing food to the table.   Seems a little understaffed. It took forever to get our drinks! 
It's a place to check out. But I'd probably wait at least 6 months before coming back.Terrible service. We (group of four) waited 15 minutes for our order to be taken (including drinks), and then another 30 minutes passed without water or food. We walked out and cancelled our order. It seems like it could be a really nice place, but there was no excuse for not even receiving water after 45 minutes. Other people were cancelling their orders as well.Average ramen. Our server was really nice. I tried the smoked brisket ramen today. The temperature of broth was not hot enough. For some reason the beef/chicken broth was just ok. The amount of stuff and noodle were definitely on the slim side. In comparison, I liked Nomiya's ramen better, only Momo is so much closer. Will give it another try.Oh how I want to love this place! That building needs to be completely gutted so a decent furniture configuration can be designed. Downstairs seating Is weird and is opposite of a warm/trendy atmosphere. It's dark and dank, with hideous/dirty floors . Upstairs is crowded. We sat at the only bar-type seating area where we stared outside at a few tables of people eating, and the chairs were too high for the eating surface, so we had to bend over to eat. 
We ordered poke. It took 30 minutes to arrive. I thought it was yummy. I can't comment on the price/serving ratio because I have no clue how much it cost. No price on the menu. My bill was $33 for 2 poke bowls, which were pretty much an appetizer size, and not enough for an entire meal, and one vitamin water.  For that atmosphere, that's an expensive poke dinner. They were working on only one computer since their second computer was down, so I gave our sever my debit card because I was tired of waiting for my bill. She returned with only the total, and no itemized bill.  
As for if I'll go back to try the ramen and see if Momo can redeem itself, I'm just not sure due to the atmosphere. I live in the neighborhood and wanted so badly to love it! I was just so disappointed to see that the interior wasn't trendy, since the food here is. I'm really sad about the whole thing since I waited so anxiously for this to open.Tried this place for the first time last night and was very disappointed. The seating options inside were awkward and we ended up having to sit beside the stairs getting dust and dirt kicked onto our table by people passing up and down. Our server spoke too quietly and quickly and as a person who is both hard of hearing and works in the service industry i found it a bit frustrating he wasn't actively trying to make sure he was heard. He didn't explain poke to us, my partner had no idea what it was, and when we got our food i was disappointed to see that despite paying $1 extra for each additional topping that i received literally 5 tiny bits of Brussels sprouts and only a tiny amount of corn. The server consistently bugged us up until our food was brought out and then never came back until we pushed our bowls aside. Never brought the condiments i asked for or refilled my water. Needless to say, we will not be returning. Hopefully others don't have this experience and are able to enjoy it. Two stars though for probably the worst ramen I've ever had and spotty service. Definitely room for improvement here though.The seafood is amazingly super fresh.  The pork ramen with kale noodles was delectable. The portion size is so generous I got two meals out of it. By far this is my favorite new restaurant. I'm now a regular.  Chef Tony, former owner chef Sake Cafe, is so personable and loves to come out to chat with his customers as well.  Makes me feel like I'm getting home cooking.I went with my boyfriend's family and we were really excited to try a ramen place! We ordered quite a few appetizers and it came out one by one...every 20 minutes...and it wasn't even packed!!! I think we waited about 2 hours in total and still didn't get our ramen...I ended up leaving early because I had to go to work. Honestly, I don't do bad reviews but it just seemed disorganized the whole time. People who came before us didn't get their food...people who came after us got theirs. I also saw some people who got their ramen before their appetizers. Worst grand opening I've ever been to..sorry to say.Poke was pretty good! They had a lot of weird  options to top it with but still had the basics (cucumbers, edamame, mango, ginger etc), and actual seaweed salad instead of the less tasty/darker seaweed I've seen at some other places. Could really jazz it up by offering boba teas or Thai iced tea or some other yummy beverages . Few things I would ask for would be a few more popular topping choices like radishes, flaming hot Cheetos and crab salad- and also unlimited topping choices- not just a 6 topping limit. Also the mango was pretty unripe but oh well! Good overall! Nice to have a poke place in the area!
Update: Ha just kidding this place is rarely open anymore. The last time I went in for poke the waitress said: it's not open today, I asked why and she looked like 'wow what a probing question' and then said "I don't know". Brilliant. Have eaten there a couple times since my first review and quality varies, sometimes better and fresher, sometimes not. The tuna never seems to be too fresh. But each time I've gotten the sense that they don't really know how to operate a restaurant well, because the layout and execution of the two areas (poke bar and regular ramen restaurant) is awkward and the staff always seems befuddled.I've had both the pork and seafood ramen. It is the same broth, as my taste buds suspected and the waiter graciously confirmed for me. Noodles are a bit chewy, broth a bit salty. Good naruto though, nice seaweed salad but hard to do that wrong. If you like fatty pork, they have it. I'll be back but it's not inspired cravings. Will update once I try the poke. Better than Noodle and Pie was.
I like what they did with the space. I didn't dine in when it was briefly Batture but went to O'Henry's sometimes weekly for several years and they refreshed it just enough to imbue a new energy. The staff were exceptionally friendly on both of my visits and it's a nice place to relax and read in the afternoon.
I hope they stick around, improve their broth and add a small handful of perfectly done sushi rolls and that mayo, squid, and cold noodle salad that so few places do well. 3.5/5After the loss of Little Tokyo, the closest ramen option to me, I decided to try Momo. The location is excellent and the restaurant itself is cozy and cute. Staff is friendly enough. I ordered takeout including Tonkatsu Ramen w/corn, Beef Curry Rice Bowl and spicy Szechuan Dumpling. 
It was ready quickly, in about 10-12 minutes. They mistakenly made me the Chicken Rice Bowl and since I didn't mind, she was kind enough not to charge me for it. Although not spicy, the dumplings were really good. The chicken curry was super spicy and I wished there was more curry sauce but well flavored and delicious. I like the Ramen, not as much as some others but it hit the spot. They did forget the Corn that I paid to add. I really think the corn would have balanced it out well. 
Overall, it's good enough to go back although I miss my old place. It's a little more pricey than others and you can tell the staff and cooks aren't overly enthusiastic about what they're serving (which I think makes a difference with this kind of cuisine). I would go back to try the poke and get ramen again.Very bad service. We placed order waited for one hour... no food was served ... asked the server how much longer... they had no clue! We just left the place... worst service ever! This place is a complete DISASTER!First off, I did not actually eat here, but I can explain. My bf and I came here March 20, on their grand opening. I had found out about this place on Facebook, and those who attended their soft openings made this place seem promising. I can promise you I regretted not checking the yelp reviews before actually going there. 
On to the actual poor experience here. We walked into the restaurant, and I was excited. Looking around, all of the maybe 10ish tables were occupied. That was fine, I'd be okay with waiting. The problem was, there were no signs anywhere to direct you. No host stand, so I assumed there were no hosts (they probably should get one or a sign). Let me remind you, it was grand opening day. Therefore, as a new restaurant, they should've been well aware that most customers wouldn't know how seating worked. Eventually someone came by and asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside. He directed us upstairs to a table, but of course, there was nowhere to sit (and he disappeared into the wind by the time we turned around). We went outside, and we asked a waitress about seating. Y'all, do I hope they get a sign up by now about seating! And I still have no clue how seating works here. Sigh. If anybody finds out, pleaseee let me know.  We ended up leaving, because the waitress never brought our waters after we waited awhile. She passed multiple times by our table, but never bothered to let us know that she'd be coming with waters or to take our order. My impression: careless and extremely disorganized.
There's a lot of improvement needed here. Loved the look and feel of the place, but service was sad. I wished i could've tasted their ramen. Honestly, would've even appreciated a sip of their water.Bummer. With a couple of really good Ramen joints popping up in NOLA lately, I was hoping this place was good because it is close to my house. It's horrible. Huge disappointment. The Ramen was slightly better than Maruchan pre-packaged $1 instant ramen that any of us who have lived on a budget are familiar with. The noodles were poor quality. The broth was bland. Explains why on Friday night they were practically empty. I predict this place is closed within 3 to 6 months.First time there and it was great!!! Kale noodles were great and a nice size on the edamame!!Had the red chicken curry last night !  It was a great dish to eat while sitting on the balcony.this place just recently opened but we just saw it on a night out driving around. decided to try it out and it was a pleasant experience. we tried the bang bang shrimp...pork buns...chicken karaage...it was all good. we also got the pork tonkutsu...omg the broth always some of the most flavorful we have ever had and we have tried a few ramen spots. the only thing I would remark on is that the bar isn't fully operational yet I think. I would also have an option to have it made spicy. The scenery inside is very nice i love the wood stump seats. The upstairs leads to outdoor seating which is beautiful! beware upstairs on a windy evening...our menu flew into the street . overall great place! Great food!So slow. Sooooooooooo slow. We've been there twice. The first time we went was to get one to go bow of poke. That took 40 minutes. The second time we went, they were out of the things that we had come there to eat, and so we decided just to order appetizers. We ordered the Brussel sprouts and crawfish spring rolls. It took us 45 minutes just to get the appetizers.Ramen broth was very salty. This seems like a reoccurring​ comment that has already been said by other yelpers.  The service was very fast.This is the best ramen in New Orleans at present (April 2018). The broth and the pork are both delicious. I think once the restaurant gets its process down, some of the issues with wait times for food and service will go away. Giving a five star because I really want this ramen restaurant to succeed and to improve the otherwise mediocre ramen scene in New Orleans.This place is awesome. Incredible ramen, I had the pork belly. Awesome bang bang shrimp. My bartender, Dustin, was super hospitable and made me two customs drinks that were killer. Management was very friendly and the atmosphere was perfect. I can't say enough good things about this place. Definitely worth the visit if you're in the area. The owner just stopped by too. He was born in Japan;)Food was delicious! Service was wonderful. The dumplings are tasty and a bit spicy. Yum! The brisket ramen and the pork belly are outta sight! Highly recommend!Wanted to try this place for a while before they even opened. The idea of Poke and Ramen in the same spot sounded like a great idea. There were a lot of mixed reviews, so I waited a bit for them to work on things. I finally decided to try it, because I'm a "Don't knock it, until you try it" kind of guy. 
Came with my nephew for lunch and a server welcomed us. She automatically asked us if we wanted to sit upstairs on the balcony, but we decided to sit inside. We ordered the Spicy Szechuan Dumplings, Smoked Brisket Ramen, and Pork Belly Tonkotsu Ramen. 
The food took a little while to come out for being pretty empty. The ramen came out before the dumplings, so I asked the server if they were coming out. She reassured me that she was bringing it right after, which she did a couple minutes after. The dumplings had an awesome presentation and I loved the sauce that it came in, but I was not a fan of the chewy and doughy wrapper. The sauce was sesame paste and chili oil that gave a good spice and kick. I was weirded out by the fact that they used small ladles instead of soup spoons, but I guess that means they're confident their broth is just that good . Both ramen bowls were okay, with the pork belly tonkotsu being the better bowl in my opinion. I really liked how they made the pork belly. The pork belly was perfectly roasted, crispy, and flavorful! The broth was surprisingly pretty good, because my nephew was telling me his brisket ramen broth was really salty. I tried his broth and it was a good bit salty, but bearable. The smoked brisket was really tough, almost as tough as beef jerky. The eggs for the ramen were well done, not soft boiled like other ramen bowls I have eaten. 
Overall, the ramen was pretty decent but was a bit pricey for what it was. The place itself looked cool with some Japanese decor and small hanging sake carafes, a big change from the last two restaurants it replaced.The best thing I can say about it is that I wasn't hungry anymore after I ate, and the waiter was nice. The food was worth no more than one star. The chicken in the ramen was so tough and had no flavor whatsoever other than oil. The noodles and broth were not good. 
Had the bang bang shrimp also. The sauce was so sweet it was not something I would order again. 
Sad about this, because the location is good. I can't eat there again, though.What a wonderful place! Our waitress, Misty, was super kind and helpful. The food arrived very soon after ordering, and everything we got was delicious. The bang bang shrimp and crawfish spring rolls were particularly good. I ordered a poke bowl with sushi rice, kale, yellowtail, salmon, fruit, edamame, avocado, etc. Every individual ingredient in the bowl was fresh and ripe- but if you are ordering poke, make sure the toppings you get make sense together.Came here for lunch on opening day. I dined in by myself, ordered the Pork belly tonkatsu ramen. Also, ordered 2 of the same dishes to go. Here is a summary of my experience:
-Took a very long time to receive my food, despite the restaurant not being overly busy and had more than enough staff
-The quality of the ramen was unremarkable at best from the overly salty broth to the noodles; I'd recommend Nomiya and Kin's ramen any day over this 
-Had a surplus of staff in the kitchen and front of house, but only a few really looked like they were trained and know what they were doing
-The restaurant was completely dysfunctional; multiple parties walked out because they waited too long to receive food, drinks, etc 
-Did not seem to be a visible manager taking charge of the operation
-My take out orders took way too long and I unfortunately had to cancel after 45 min
Hopefully this was all due to opening day jitters but from my observations, they rushed into opening prematurely without proper preparation, training and leadership.If I could give his place no stars I would . I waited almost an hour for a to go order , after forty five mins I was told that the restaurant wasn't setup for Togo orders and it would be a little while longer before my order would be ready . They charged me for two orders of chicken and only gave me one order , the ramen was like warm almost cold by the time I got it . After an hour wait the manager came up an was very apologetic and said he was sorry that they weren't setup and ready for Togo orders and said he would take care of my bill ..Well I thought he voided my bill but I was wrong , so I called and talked to him after calling three or four times to get him on the phone . He then assured me that they would refund my money since I was charged . I waited a week to see that I was never refunded nor did the charge drop off my account , so of course I called back and the manager was very rude and unhelpful with the situation. I do not recommend anyone wasting their money or time going to this place .. I waited a couple of weeks to make this post to see if they would do what they said they were gonna do .. I went into the restaurant on March 26 and I still haven't be refunded or called back . Managers should do what they say they are gonna do !It was great to actually find fresh healthy food in New Orleans! Had  a bowl with fresh greens, veggies and special tuna!I was not overly impressed with the Poke bowls. If I wanted someone to throw together ingredients in a bowl touching each other, I would have just went to the grocery store. It was just OK. 
I enjoyed the pork dumplings. They have a little kick to them. But they were pretty good. 
The waitress recommended the crab balls. They were not very flavorful and pretty dry. 
The crawfish spring rolls were also just meh. Not a lot of flavor. 
Maybe I should have ordered the ramen!!
The service was good at times, but I felt rushed.New place,  but great ramen.
Loved the brisket ramen in particular. 
Upstairs porch is nice place to hang out and have a drinkHad heard not-so-stellar reviews but was still excited to try it and had heard good things about the chef. 
Hate to say it but it was a waste of money. I got the poke- none of the ingredients were good quality- the tuna was GRAY rice was dry, etc. They also only gave me about what looked like one tablespoon full of tuna when the normal order comes with two. They gave me another scoop.
My friend got the ramen (not seafood). The broth was not high quality and traditionally prepared for those who love ramen (nomiya and kin are out of this world with their broths). She also found a tentacle in her ramen which would have been alarming but we are guessing came from the seafood ramen. bad noodles. 
not fresh. not quality. left feeling upset that we wasted our time and money and a little grossed out 
two stars because: decent mojitosLove the menu, had a few of the appetizers that were really good.  Had the crawfish spring rolls and the kimchee short ribs and the crab balls. 
I think the spring rolls were my favorite, I loved the flavors and the fact that they appeared to be hand rolled.
A friend made themselves the "poke" salad and they loved it, had yellowtail and tuna.
For the ramen we had a pork and a brisket one.  The pork was amazing, loved the slices or pork belly and the brisket broth had a great flavor with a little hint of smoke from the smoke brisket kicked it up a notch.
Will be back again soon !My girlfriend and I love this new place we ate at the second floor balcony  because the weather is nice and cool I ordered brisket Ramen, bang bang shrimp, fried calamari, baked oysters and a crispy crawfish spring roll.the food is amazing and the waitresses nice and friendly she's quick.we are definitely coming back.My honest review... Here goes. Came here on a Friday night with 2 of my cousins since we were craving ramen. It recently opened and we wanted to try it out because the posts I saw on Facebook looked so promising.
We decided to order the pork belly buns appetizer. It comes with two  per order, but there were three of us so we had to order two orders. My two cousins got the pork belly tonkotsu, and I ordered the smoked brisket ramen because because it looked good in some pictures on yelp. Smoked brisket ramen sounds cool and interesting, right? Wrong. The brisket in my ramen was very thin, dry, and grey-looking... The buns for the pork belly buns were dry and hard. The only thing I liked about the food was the actual pork belly. It was so juicy and cooked to perfection. I had to snag a piece from my cousin since the brisket was not cutting it for me. The broth of the ramen was a little salty, and I wish it was a little hotter. 
The service was ... definitely not the best. We don't exactly know where the server was the whole time. He took our order, brought it out, and left somewhere. We had to ask the host at different times for small plates, napkins, Sriracha, and water refills just because we really did not know where our server went. 
The pork belly is the reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars. If it weren't for the pork belly, it would have been 1. I get it, this place just opened a few weeks ago. They really do have a lot to work on. Would I come back here? Maybe. But probably not.The food was great!! The chicken ramen was very good and had excellent flavor. We got the pork bun and beef skewer appetizers. They were both very good! The staff is super nice. Definitely a must try!Ok.  Read the bad reviews.  Agree that complaining about a restaurant on opening day is not fair, particularly about service and wait times.  I give you a break on all of that.  However even given that, I do expect the food to be good to great, just as I do for every restaurant.  What is the point of opening a restaurant if you haven't worked for months or even years on developing a menu and perfecting EVERY single recipe?  Having people you know try every dish, make suggestions, tweak, etc., before asking the public to eat your food and criticize or rave about it.
Went this afternoon around 2:30.  Not crowded, sat on the balcony because of the nice weather.  My server was attentive and nice and I got my water and order taken quickly.  I ordered the Brisket Ramen and the tempura brussel sprouts appetizer.  Food arrived shortly thereafter, although the ramen came before the sprouts.
I will place a caveat on myself.  I'm originally from L.A. and have been eating ramen for about 40 years and my expectations are very very high.  Ramen is something I love but haven't found any very good here.
Can't recommend the Ramen.  Ordered the regular brisket Ramen noodles, nothing added.  It comes with green onions and half an egg.  I'm used to a "nothing added" bowl of Ramen to still have some "things" on it.  A few veggies, mushrooms, baby corn, bamboo, cilantro.  Something.  Got nothing and didn't want to add bamboo and corn for an extra $1 each thing.  At $15 base price for a bowl of soup, charging another dollar for every topping is in my opinion ridiculous.  Plus there weren't very many choices to add.
The broth described as both chicken and beef was just ok.  Had to add a bunch of rooster sauce to get the flavor up to vaguely tasty.
The brisket was 2 or 3 slices, half of which was a band of fat.  Not tender at all, like it had been boiled.  Some smoke taste but actually pretty bland.  I had a knife and fork, but no way to cut all that fat off so I could eat the meat.  I really dislike when chefs put presentation above eatability.
Had to pick up with my fingers, pull the fat off and pull into bite-sized pieces to eat. And because it was tough it was actually hard to separate the fat.  Glad no one was around me to see that awkward procedure.  I could have asked for a plate to use to cut up the meat but, really chef, think about it!  I am eating with chopsticks and a spoon!  How am I supposed to cut up a big tough slice of meat?
Noodles were just ok, overcooked and a bit mushy.
Maybe my perspective of "big bowl" is also skewed from L.A. where you can take a bath in the damn bowl and finishing the whole thing is a feat of endurance.  But imagine making a square of Top Ramen.  About that much.  The broth came about half way up the noodles.  I had to ask for some more broth.
The Sprouts were tasty but came with zero sauce for dipping.  I used some soy sauce.  Doesn't tempura usually come with sauce for dipping to add flavor?
But here are my 2 biggest complaints:
1.  THE BROTH WAS LESS THAN LUKEWARM WHEN IT ARRIVED.  Are you kidding me?  The broth should be practically boiling when it arrives so it will still be warm when you are scooping up the last of it.  NO EXCUSE.  When I asked for more broth a few minutes later I mentioned it was cold and that I was asking for more broth because there wasn't much of it, and also because I was hoping to get my food hotter by adding some hotter broth.
Just got back more lukewarm and lackluster broth.
2.  Spent $26 with tip for one person and left barely full because I ate an appetizer by myself in addition to the Ramen.  If I had ordered just the soup I would have left hungry.
PRICE POINT PEOPLE!!  Seriously!!!
The service was just fine, food arrived quickly, she checked back several times to see how I was doing.  Kudos on that part of my experience.  But there were only 2 tables being served on the balcony so who knows what my experience would have been if crowded.
Everyone raves about Kin, I'll try that next on my search in New Orleans for a reasonably priced, super tasty and delicious big bowl of Ramen with yummy and varied toppings and wonderful noodles.
Like most others I was hopeful.......not great. that sums it up. 
i came here for lunch after an exam, hoping for some good, warm ramen to fill my stomach. let's start with seating. seating here is so limited. there is like, one table on the first floor and the rest of the seating is upstairs and outside. i don't mind sitting outside but i'd like the option to sit inside, esp since most of the space seems poorly used. 
service was soso. we got our order take and god given to us, and that was about it. we got our on napkins and spoons from other tables. 
now for the food, the most disappointing part of my visit. we ordered the crawfish spring rolls, which were very delicious. simple, and hard to mess up. my friend and i ordered ramen, and two of my other friends ordered poke. the ramen was pretty bad. the noodles were very subpar, and clearly not fresh. the broth was salty and lacked a depth of flavor, and the pork was dry, considering it was in a soup. and the egg was wayyy too over cooked for ramen. a soft boil is the way to go, but this egg was fully cooked. also, the brussel sprouts were basically shredded and raw and thrown in. they didn't even trim the bottoms off. (as seen in pic) if you want ramen in nola, hit up kin and nomiya. now for the poke. i didn't taste it, but it looked disappointing. they didn't even have the imitation crab salad, a classic topping for every poke place. they had odd ingredients, like black beans and chickpeas, which are a good source of veggies protein, but not really a poke topping. overall, not my bowl of poke. 
overall, this is not my place. i was excited when i heard this place was coming, but it is hard doing both poke and ramen well. if i want poke, i will be going to pokechan. if i want ramen, nomiya it is. this combination place is just not doing it.I've been waiting for a poke place close to home and here they are! Great location on S Carrollton Ave (where O'Henrys used to be), right next to street car line. Street parking might be a little tough, but they're right next to the Walgreens lot.
Poke bar is upstairs. But today was a little chilly so we sat on the balcony and ordered 2 bowls of ramen: the PORK BELLY and the BRISKET. Both were tonkotsu-based, so the broth was rich and creamy albeit a little heavy on the salt.
I wasn't a big fan of the pork belly--it was tough and chewy at the same time. The brisket, however, was amazing. It was tender and smoky. Tastes almost like a smokey BBQ in ramen form! 
Pleasant, attentive service; simple, beautiful decor. 
I'll be back to try the Poke.Ah such a cute balcony.
This would be the 4th Ramen location in Nola, but the only one with a balcony. We walked in on a Monday with a group of three and there wasn't much of a wait. 
Spicy Szechuan Dumplings - $7 - Pork Dumpling, sesame paste, chili oil
Other than the tough chewy dough, pork and kick of spice was tasty.
Pork Tonkotsu - $13 - Braised Pork Belly
The broth was a bit salty for my liking, but it wasn't bad. I hated that the egg was well done and not a soft boil, but maybe that's something I have to request. I also added corn and bamboo to my ramen which texturally make better. Ahh, but the pork wasn't fall apart melty... so that was a minus for me. 
Pork Bun - $7 - Pork belly, cucumber, green onion, hoisin sauce
Just your basic bao. I couldn't say it was anything different than the ones I've had before. 
Our server was very friendly, but had our ramen mixed up... He hesitated and asked if we wanted our ramen fixed... well duh? Anyways, he went on to say that the smoked brisket and pork belly had the same broth so we just switched meats out of our bowls. I know they recently opened so I want to to say it's decent. I hope in time their food and service gets better.if I were reviewing the service or the NICENESS of the staff it would be FIVE stars! really nice people.
 nice upstairs deck.
clean washroom.
the 'bowl' of brown rice with toppings for 13 bucks is not good value, a few of the items were ok: poke / edamame. most unacceptable quality:
beginning with the brown rice which was horrible, thankfully there wasn't much of it, too much TUFF  kale, weak insipid wasabi, ginger dressing uninspiring and very sparse, slimy cucumber.
small portion of very ordinary fare left hungry, did I say how kind and lovely the staff were? maybe they're new at this? maybe deserve another shot at it?We paid a visit to Momo Ramen & Poke as my spouse and I love Ramen. For dinner the restaurant was quite busy, but we were quickly greeted at the door and since the place was packed we were offered a scenic table on the balcony and it's great view of uptown.
For starters we ordered the Bang Bang Shrimp and two strawberry Mojitos. The Bang Bang Shrimp appetizer was served with a generous amount of shrimp smothered with a delicious sauce--it's been a long time since a new appetizer impressed us, but we were impressed with Bang Bang Shrimp.
My dinner companion ordered the Seafood Miso Ramen and I order the Smoked Brisket Ramen. Both were served just as we were finishing our appetizer and were piping hot with the right combination of meats, noddle and broth. 
All in all we had a great time at Momo's. Our service was attentive, but not intrusive.  The restaurant was super busy and the servers were doing their best going from table to table, but it was not chaotic crazy and our food and drinks still made their way to our table and we did not experience any unusually delays considering the restaurant just opened and was packed. 
We recommend Momo's for its Ramen and will visit again to try out the Poke bar for lunch.Only tried the poke, so heads up! (We also got it to-go).
It's upstairs, at the bar set up like a Chipotle and can be grabbed to go, or grab the order on a plate and sit down?? That last part seems like it could be a bad idea if a waitress doesn't know you've done that and they underestimate the seats left for the ramen part of the restaurant (just my 2 cents).
In comparing it to the other poke place in town, Poke Loa, it's not bad. They have way more toppings like corn, jalapenos, olives, baked chicken, and even baked salmon. The serving sizes seem a little smaller for toppings compared to Poke Loa, and their salmon scoops were TINY. Another difference is they don't toss the raw fish in the sauces and chili oil before they serve it, which I love, but if you don't like it, this is the place for you! It's $12 and includes base (white rice, brown rice, quinoa), and spring salad mix or kale. I did LOVE that they offered some more variety in bases. Then you pick your protein (tofu, raw salmon, raw tuna, grilled chicken, grilled salmon, etc), 6 toppings from a HUGE list, sauces, and then some extra toppings like sesame seeds and crispy noodles. Its a good size serving in a very sturdy to-go bowl I'll definitely use again! My husband tried the baked salmon and got the sriracha soy sauce and said both were excellent. He did more of a southwest vibe with his bowl, while I tried to recreate my favorite from Poke Loa. My salmon was a little slimy, but it was still chilly, so hopefully we're good! I know another reason why Poke loa tosses it in sauce before they serve is because acidic sauces can kill parasites ans bacteria.
Service was a tad awkward, I feel like the girl serving and I miscommunicated a lot, but she was very attentive and didn't get mad when I changed my mind so that's also a plus. I can reiterate the other reviews that everything else seemed a bit chaotic elsewhere in the restaurant and there were a lot of servers walking around somewhat confused.
Overall not bad! Poke Loa is still my first love, but definitely give this place a try if you want to step out of the more traditional poke place and want to go wild with eclectic toppings (like olives?!).This restaurant has been closed for a month now. You should not go unless you like places which are not open and which will not serve you food because, well, they are not open or operating as a business any more. Now, if you do like places that are not in business, go ahead and give this a try. 
https://articles.nola.com/dining/index.ssf/2018/06/momo_closes.amp