We called this place to see if they deliver. They said it would be an hour for delivery or just come here. So we went there 5 minutes later and they said, "sorry not taking anyone else." It was t even busy and it was a half hour before they closed. RUDE!I called and ordered 2 large pizzas and the person taking my order told me that he was really annoyed of me and that he really wanted to hang up with me. I called back and asked to speak to the manager and it was the same person that I had just talked to and I asked why he thought it was OK for him to say his customers are annoying him and he hung up on me. Best customer service in town! Hope my pizza didn't have spit in it.Perfect little Italian restaurant that has great food at an affordable price and seems like it is family run. It's not a large place with tons of seating but great atmosphere and plenty of various Mona Lisa paintings to keep you busy if you're on a date and gets lame.What a great little find. We were staying near the center of the French Quarter, so this place was a bit of a walk, but it was well worth it. There was a moment of confusion when we arrived, as there are 2 separate restaurants at the address, and when we came to the other one first as we walked down the street we thought for a moment the place had closed. But there it was right next door. We arrived soon after a large group, so service was a little slow, but the food was excellent. I'll be back the next time I visit New Orleans.We were on an hour wait, and the owner wouldn't even let a person in our party use the restroom without an argument. Wouldn't even serve us.Great atmosphere. Sandwiches has lots of meat and extras linguini with claims in butter lemon and garlic is just rightGot a referral from a nice lady in a shop up Royal Street " it's a favorite locals place ". We walked down a few blocks and had to wait less than 10 minutes. Cozy atmosphere as it seats about 50. We had the shrimp scampi and chicken Parmesan. Both were excellent and we are thinking about going back again tomorrow night.   The many 5 star ratings by 100's are a very good guide,  and we concur with the top evaluations by the patrons.Great meatballs! 
I was craving spaghetti and meatballs and my trustee yelp told me to come here. I don't regret it.  
What a quaint and cozy place!
I had been here before and had an amazing meatball sandwich and posted that image. it was really good. 
Great service. 
My girlfriend had the lasagna and I posted that pic too. Both were yummy. The lasagna was a little cheesier than I preferred but that is what she wanted!It was such a great experience having dinner in this resturant! A cozy environment, Delicious food, fast and professional service, and polite employees.The best meal I have had so far in New Orleans!  I had the Mardi Gras Pasta- yummy!  There was a bit of a wait when we first got there; but, not too bad.  The food was definitely worth the wait.   The salad was fresh,  the garlic/pizza bread was amazing and the pasta was not too saucy.  I took off a star because the shrimp was not fresh; however, everything else was good.A quieter place though still in the main tourist region of New Orleans. We came here because the African restaurant next to this place had a 30 minute wait, but this place didn't. It was also a helluva lot more spacious than the other restaurant, which was probably why.
Imma say it, the decor is butt ugly. Some might find all the cartoons and transmogrifications of Mona Lisa charming or unique, but I mostly found it tasteless. The Mickey Mouse one was kinda cute, but the one of her holding a joint or the one being like I'm a lesbo! were not high art.
On the other hand, this is a restaurant and not an art exhibition. On that note the food was tasty. The entrees (I got spinach lasagna) had decent portions and was cooked well, and came with a scrumptious salad that also came with an adorable pizza-shaped slice of garlic bread. I use garlic bread as a term loosely - the place called it that, but it just looked like a miniature slice of cheese pizza to me. And the pizza the table next to us were having looked mouth-watering. The waitress was so nice about everything too. Definitely a sweet place to go to.This restaurant was not listed anywhere on Yelp when I searched for "Italian food." 
We found this place on accident and I am so glad we did. The food was great, the chicken parm and meatballs where fantastic.  
The ambience was mellow and very relaxed which is nice when you're in NOLA and you want something more low key. I definitely recommend this place for anyone looking for Italian in the French Quarter.This place is darling. And it has pretty tasty Italian grub. Totally check it out if you're looking for a cozy New Orleanian atmospohere with an intimate Italian twist. I usually get the eggplant parm or the chicken parm. I dig it. I'm sure you will.Solid 4-stars. I felt like exploring my lovely city last night.  Solid 4 stars. I don't like to say I'm a picky eater, because I'm really not. I just hate it when I order pasta with sauce and theres more sauce than pasta and it feels like a soup to me that I can't eat. So I kindly asked the server for "light sauce" over my bolognese pasta and he answered, "it's pre-made. But I'll see what they can do." To my surprise, it came with a salad. Our meal took quite a long time. I'd say between 30-45 minutes. My boyfriend and I were not in a rush and we were enjoying each other's company, so no complaints there. When our food came out, our server said, "They made it from scratch" so that my light sauce request could be fulfilled. That was awful kind of them. 
Also, I left my credit card on the table by accident. I didn't realize it until I had gotten back to my uptown apartment that my card was missing. I called and they said they found it and kept it on the side hoping I would call. They kindly waited for me to come back while they were closing. Very nice staff. 
I'll be back! 
P.S. Great place for a sweet date :)This is one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. As a resident of the French Quarter I have many choices where to dine with friends and family. Mona Lisa has an excellent staff and the food is delicious! Terry CooneyReasonably priced. Laid back. Nice local joint in the quarter. Safe.  Pizza is good (Slice is better if looking for pizza).  Lasagna looked great, but I will try that next time.My go to when I'm in the quarter and want to get away from swarms of tourists. The food is always tasty, staff are friendly and the decor is fun.The food is tasty (I had the spinach lasagne and tiramisu) but I have to add my voice to the ones complaining about the older man who greets customers.  He is unfriendly as all heck.  When there was a one hour wait (despite being able to see empty tables) he snapped at me "So do you want to wait or not?"  I said no and went to Pere Antoine.  I still went back Sunday night and got in, but he was just as frosty as previously.  The restaurant is really fun, with customer drawings and interpretations of the Mona Lisa on the walls, but that guy is a real buzzkill.Great Italian food. My sauce was so authentic and the pasta was served piping hot.   The guy that got us the table is a little high strung, but he means well.  Partner ordered the Mardi Gras pasta, excellent choice.Stopped here for dinner with a friend the place was packed. The decor is fun with all random photos of Mona Lisa. We shared the bakes ziti and the veggie pizza. The pizza lacked in flavor but the ziti was great. We took the tiramisu and chocolate cake home and both were excellent. The Tiramisu was better than the cake if you are deciding between the two.Loved this place. Cutest decor ever, great food, good value (the little cheesey bread they serve with the salads was delicious!) The only downside was there was nowhere to wait.Ate dinner here last night with my daughter and husband. Really enjoyed the ambiance and the food was great.  Spaghetti and meatballs were super along with the lasagne. Garlic bread is a must- delicious.  Prices very reasonable!I live in the Quarter and this is one of my favorite neighborhood restaurants.  The food quality is always dependable and delicious.Excelent charming restaurant. The food (lasagna and meatballs) were absolutely delicious.  We were in 3 and ordered 2 plates. Definitely coming back.Awesome. Very simple but delicious food. And cheap. For New Orleans it wasn't too touristy or expensive. I highly recommend.The veal that my mom and I shared was AWFUL. My sister's "stuffed shells" were absolutely terrible. The sandwich that one of us got was okay, as was the calzone. Other than that, everything was mediocre at best. The service was not good or bad. The restaurant itself was cute and affordable, but it is affordable for a reason. I would have much rather gone to a more expensive restaurant that was better quality than go to Mona Lisa. We will NOT be back. There is so much more in the quarter and in New Orleans in general to waste your time at Mona Lisa. It was also a little far from a convenient location for it's quality. I wouldn't mind the distance if it were better, but Mona LIsa definitely wasn't.My husband and I love this cozy neighborhood restaurant!  This is a wonderful place with great atmosphere, delicious classic Italian food, and attentive service.  Whenever we have out of town guests we take them here, and they have all had memorable experiences.If you are really hungry, then go to Mona Lisa. The entrees are big, and they come with a large side salad.  
We had the Caprese salad to start, and it was fresh and tasty. The side salads were also very good and fresh. We tried but couldn't finish our pasta entrees even though we are both pigs. We also liked the wine by the glass.
Go.Recommended by a local as we were hungry and wandering on a Sat night.  Perfect spot for a quiet dinner out of the craziness.  Excellent lasagna and veggie primavera with great starter salads included for super reasonable prices.For some reason I just didn't like the place. I chose the wrong meal, so that's my fault. My friends had good looking food and finished 4/5 of theirs while I could only finish 2/5 of mine(bad food choice). The setup is weird, but feels sort of crammed, the service was excellent, loved the staff. All of the Mona Lisa mock paintings on the wall kept my friends and I occupied the entire time.Very unique Italian spot in the French Quarter. The manager runs a tight ship here. He handles a busy dinner rush like he's in a bingo hall and there's only 10people playing! Helps keep your ambiance personal and intimate with your table. You can draw your creative Mona Lisa on the provided paper table mat. A few lucky ones get theirs posted on the wall for everyone to see. Lasagna is a plate full. 2 people can split that meal. I had the seafood pasta dish with white wine, butter sauce. Very delish! Their side salads come with a slice of cheese pizza. (Very cool)
This place is a must if you wanna try something in NoLa other than seafood.This was a great place for thin-crust pizza.  I tried the vegetarian, the garden and the Mona Lisa special.  They are very reasonably priced, and all were very tasty.  Some of my co-workers had the lasagna, and it was HUGE, and they said it tasted great.  It's in a nice, quieter spot of the French Quarter on Royal.  I definitely recommend checking it out!Went for pizza but ended up with veal Parma, side salad with killer house feta vinaigrette and a Bottle of Murphy's Cabernet. Perfect after a crazy day at the French Quarter Fest. Quiet, small. Slow soft pace. Veal was wonderful. Thank you fellow Yelpers.This was a really good lunch spot! It wasn't crowded and the food was actually very good! My husband and I shared the chef salad with ranch and a Mona Lisa pizza with green olives instead of black olives! Everything was excellent! Pizza had great flavor and the ambience was nice! I would like to go back and try the pasta dishes!I still love the salad, especially the Mediterranean salad, but lately the pizza just isn't cutting it. While the toppings are fresh and yummy, the crust is doughy and "wet", not crispy or airy; just not properly baked. Maybe the oven isn't right. IDK but it's enough that I won't be ordering pizza from Mona Lisa any longer, therefore likely nothing else either. Too bad; it's tough to find good pizza in the French Quarter. 
(sad face)In a word: unimpressed
The food really had no flavor. From the Cesar salad (that tasted like it was just mayonnaise) to the lasagna - that didn't taste freshly made (that day) - just freshly heated up.As soon as I walked in I was delighted to see the artwork on the walls. The restaurant is covered with tons of different renditions of the famous Mona Lisa, from simple sketches to carefully painted portraits.
The food was absolutely perfect. The chicken Alfredo was the best I've ever had, and the spinach lasagna was also really delicious.
We finished off with a tiramisu and a creamy caramel cheesecake. Yum.The hotel recommended pizza from this place, and the Yelp reviews were pretty good, so I decided to get a small carryout. The prices are French-Quarter reasonable, which means you won't get gouged too badly. Actually, I didn't feel gouged at all- it was a reasonable amount of food for the price. The pizza wasn't too bad, either. I wasn't a huge fan of the crust (something tasted just a bit off to me) but they were generous with their toppings and incredibly friendly. I'd probably go back again, but this isn't a place I'd seek out.If you enjoy red baron frozen pizza then this is the place for you.  We had the mona lisa special.  It wasn't (special) and to start, the bruchetta.   The bread was stale and pretty bland.  The one thing that mona lisa has going for it is the hot tattooed waitress (don't recall her name).  She was nice but left my water glass empty through the entire meal.  My advice is to try something else while in new orleans and then cook the red baron supreme when you get home.  It will be the same experience.Love this place and always pay a visit when I'm in town. However, I must dissuade people from ordering the pasta primavera unless they REALLY like squash. The vegetable variety was very disproportional. I received one carrot slice, two small broccoli buds, a couple slivers of onions, and about two cups of squash. 
I'll still return, I'll just find something else to order.Our first visit was fantastic, and after a second.. I'm naming it one of my favorites. The cozy little place has been packed both times we've come.. a Friday and a Saturday night. Our second visit though, no wait! :) 
The service is friendly, the decor is funky but warm. All over the walls, you see different "versions" of the Mona Lisa.. from classic to handmade. Even the menus had their own Mona Lisa's on the covers. 
As a fan of Italian food, it would be hard for me to go wrong here.  I would recommend a nice walk after.. you WILL leave full. We will be back to stuff ourselves again! :)This was my favorite dining experience in New Orleans. The place was small intimate and the food was to die for. Lasagna was a perfect 10 and the staff was very friendly.When we are in a new town my husband (a Chicago pizza lover) has to try the local version of their pizza and Mona Lisa was the perfect place to try New Orleans twist on it. Our travel guide said it was the best place in town for pizza, and they weren't wrong: we loved it!
The pizza was a thin crust and they offered more than the usual pepperoni and cheese pizza, but had some finer ingredients, such as goat cheese and pine nuts. One can create their own, but even several of their specialty pizza were vegetarian. Even our meat eaters ordered veg. My favorite was the spinach pizza (we tried each others). One medium pizza can feed two average hungry eaters. 
I was in a pasta mood and had a vegetarian spinach lasagna. This was by far the best lasagna I have had on this continent!
The atmosphere was very casual, the walls are creatively decorated with every possible version of the Mona Lisa painting, prizes were reasonable, and the staff was extremely nice and helpful.Loved that every picture on the walls was a different Mona Lisa! Great authentic Italian good! I would recommend the stuffed shells! One of the best I've had!Cute place with all kinds of art related to Monalisa hanging on the wall. I got the seafood pasta but it was so much that I could not finish.I, too, had high hopes for Mona Lisa. The restaurant itself is nice. There was four of us and out of four meals only one was good. The other three were just mediocre. We ordered bruschetta as an appetizer, which was awful. The waiter forgot to bring it and had to be reminded. The sevice was not particularly bad but it also wasn't anything special. Based on the quality of food alone I would not return to or recommend Mona Lisa. My experience at Mona Lisa was disappointing.When visiting the big easy, our group always goes to this place and we love it.  Its a dive, but the food here is simply amazing.  If you go with a lrge group be prepared to be split up because theplace is rather small.Great Italian vibe w/pix of Mona Lisa everywhere, small and cozy but has a couple great window tables too.  Good pizza, love the spinach salad (comes w/slice of cheese pizza), haven't tried the pasta... Have eaten here a few times and really enjoy the combo of good prices, local vibe, great service, not trendy or weird.  Just a good place to enjoy good food. Rare to find in the quarters...I had dinner at Mona Lisa on New Years Day.  This was my 4th trip to this French Quarter gem.  Service-Excellent. Food- Superb-Excellent. Price-absolutely reasonable.  Mona Lisa is an unimposing little place on the outskirts of the Quarter on Royal Street close to Esplanade. Many of the locals come here-which says a lot.  In a city filled with great neighborhood restaurants - the locals coming here and the way they love this place says a lot. On other occasions I ordered the Mardi Gras pasta, pizza, and Chicken Parmesan. All of these dishes were wonderful.  On New Years Day I ordered the Panned Veal. It came with a green salad. Get the house dressing.  It will knock you senseless.  I was served a huge Veal Cutlet on Angel Hair pasta with an Alfredo sauce.   It was absolutely fabulous.  The veal was so tender, I didn't need the knife.  Our server was great.  She had interesting stories about different places she has lived. This place is not for you if you don't want to connect with locals, wait a bit for excellent food, or meet fascinating employees that will regale you with stories of their travels.This place is for you if you want excellent service, fabulous food, and have the time to split a bottle of wine while talking with your friends and Mona Lisa's captivating staff.Great place. Try the artichoke dip and NY style cheesecake.the staff was very warm and friendly. Very relaxed atmosphere.On the east end of Royal St. away from most of the bars and hustle and bustle of the French Quarter, Mona Lisa is a quaint restaurant with nice ambience, terrific food, and reasonable prices. I had the Paneed Chicken on fettucini alfredo and it was delicious. My son loved his Mardi Gras pasta and my wife enjoyed her Veal Parmesan. For desert, my wife had a tiramisu to go and raved about it. The staff was friendly and knowledgable and the service was on time. We will definitely return on a future trip.I love this place we come here every time we are I'm Nola the owner is a little hateful but it's his place,.. the waitstaff is very nice and the veal is wonderful so is the artichoke dip and pizzas too!great for groupsCute little place but, I'm hoping ours was an isolated incident, the food was pretty awful. The 'bruschetta' was a slab of what looked like canned tomatoes next to some biscotti - they didn't even have oil and vinegar. The ''garlic bread' was just plain cheese pizza with a little garlic powder. The spaghetti and meatballs was so overly salty, probably to make up for a lack of taste in the actual sauce. To get to the bathroom, you have to go out the back of the restaurant, past the kitchen and through the alley of an apartment complex. The staff was friendly enough but we will probably never return here. Not sure why they have so many good food reviews...Hidden gem in New Orleans!! We've been visiting the city for 15 years and just discovered the Mona Lisa on our last visit!  Great food and excellent service!  The menu has something to please everyone (even kids and teens).  Great meal that you would easily pay double for elsewhere in the city!!Yes!  Finally an understated, romantic, no hour wait, authentic, great value, great service, and yummy food in New Orleans French Quarter.  Off the beaten path (no crowds) with delightful manager and servers.  My husband & I had our last meal on our trip here.  It was all of around a great dining experience.  It wasn't too loud, the wait was only 20 minutes, our food was done just right and wine prices were reasonable (rare in NOLA).  Plus added  fun factor to draw your own version of Mona Lisa.We wanted to like this place.... But after 45 minutes of waiting we find out none of the items we ordered for our table of 6 was not available. Zero communication or apology from the server. The best part... We had to pay for the ONE appetizer we did receive.This place is really great and very welcoming...but only if you can find it. Firstly, the negatives: This place needs to advertise itself better. There's nothing huge or inviting to let you know that you've made it. Only a picture of Mona Lisa hanging from the overhang next to a closed white door. When you first pass by it...you'll assume its some sort of art gallery. An open door and a sign make a big difference. After being seated and waiting you'll notice that there's a lot of art hanging around, but its hard to see because the lights are so dim. Its hard to believe that it could be that dark in the middle of the day but...take a seat and you'll want to be next to the window to get a better view. However, the food is amazing! We ordered the Mardi Gras pasta and a medium specialty pizza with a side salad, shared it with my girlfriend, with drinks and was still less than $40. You can taste how authentic and original the food is, it tastes really great. Not greasy or thick, but tasty and delicious. To prove it, we were going to take a picture of the food when it came out, but only remembered after we ate everything. If they change what i stated above about lighting and atmosphere, they'll get much more business. Next time I'm in the area im going back. But i hope to see them with more customers. Also, Lori, our waitress was super frindly. Great place.Love this place! Great food with good portions! And the environment was perfect! It was the perfect date night escape from the rest of busy NOLAAfter five days of eating Cajun/Creole style food, we felt we needed a break and looked for an Italian restaurant.  Mona Lisa came up and it was a nice leisurely stroll from all the chaos that is on Bourbon.  It's location is great!  Nice and quiet.  Friendly greeting when we walked up, and the owner had a table for us pretty quick, which was nice.  The space is cozy.
Our friendly waitress lived in San Diego at one time, so we talked a little bit about the area since she also lived in North Park.  Good wine list!  Tasty garlic bread!  I ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.  You get two uneven balls that are made with ground beef and pork (?), well, anyhow they were dense and meaty.  Scooter had the chicken parmasean and the sauce had a spicy kick to it!
It is a very pleasant atmosphere and I love all the different Mona Lisas on the walls!  I think you can even draw one on the butcher paper on your table and if worthy, they will put it up.  This is really a great place to come to.  Especially if you're staying in the quarter and need something different to eat.
Grazie!We loved our dinner at Mona Lisa! The artwork is entertaining, the food is good, and the staff was incredibly friendly!  We were a group of 6 and were seated right away at 6:15pm on a Thursday. We had 2 bottles of wine, spinach dip, a basket of bread, the chicken parmesan, the peneed veal, peneed chicken, a small pizza, a small pasta (kids), and lasagna.  Our bill was less than $140 for all of that, and worth every penny!"Do you smile to tempt a lover, Mona Lisa?"
No, she's smiling because this restaurant is so good.  It's cosy, it's quirky, it's delicious, and you get to draw on the tablecloth.  What's not to like?
It's an Italian equivalent of German Gemuetlichkeit in the French Quarter.  All under the watchful eye and mystic smile of DaVinci's masterpiece.Solid, simple Italian food.  My g/f and I split an appetizer and an entrée, perfect for two.  The meal was solid, though not amazing and the price was more than reasonable.One word 'yum'. Half and half large oysters and shrimp with fries, cold beer. Friendly place. No wait on Wednesday 12:30 pm. Off beaten path. Recommend for great sandwichThe food was great. The ambiance was amazing. Small little restaurant off the beaten bath. A great find for dinner.Our favorite dinner while at New Orleans.  Intimate, no wait (we got there about 6:15 p.m.), fantastic food.  Very reasonable.  I had baked ziti which was amazing.  My husband had the meatball marinara which he loved.  Loved the salads and the cheesy bread that came with it.  The server wasn't lovey-dovey but got the job done and we had an absolutely great time.Twee avonden na mekaar langsgeweest. De eerste keer top! Niet het beste eten ooit, maar zeker niet slecht en uit de toeristische drukte. De tweede keer echter een tegenvaller. De ober vroeg ons bvb om het bestek van het voorgerecht bij te houden voor het hoofdgerecht. Nochtans heel andere smaken. Pasta met zeevruchten eerste keer was ok, pasta met meatballs de tweede avond vond ik hier géén aanrader. Pasta Primavera van mijn vriend was wel lekker.Not wheelchair friendly!! Just had one of the most bizarre experiences at this place. Walked in to get dinner. My best friend is in a wheelchair and the entrance is on an incline, so I started to push her into the adjoining space where it was flat. Right away, an older bald man came down the aisle of the restaraunt with a very rude look on his face. He looked at us like he couldn't believe we would move toward a table. I explained that my friend was in a wheelchair and the entrance incline was difficult to stay in. He continued to stare at me like I was in the wrong. I asked him if we could have an accessible table and pointed towards a table that would work for my friend. There was only one or two tables that would have worked and half the restaraunt was empty.  He acted very disgruntled that I would make such a suggestion. I asked him what the problem was with requesting a table and he continued to glare at me. As I approached the single accessible table and we moved a chair so my friend could pull her wheelchair in, he yelled that we couldn't "just move the furniture." He took the chair away in a huff.  He did not offer to help or offer a table that would work for a wheelchair.  We decided to leave after this series of insults and he followed us out the door and yelled at us as we walked away down the street.Great little hidden gem away from the craziness. On a Saturday night we didn't have to wait for a table and were impressed with the hospitality if waiter Nicholas. Great food and generous portions. This place is simply charming.Great food ! The lasagna is to die for! Great location too away from all of the loud noise for a nice dinner!Fabulous food, large portions and very affordable! We stumbled across this place our first night in NOLA and couldn't have been more pleased. So, so good.Very cute and great service. Plus a lot of food for a great price. They give you little samples of pizza with other dishes which is fun. 
The food was only ok though, and definitely not worth the wait. The pizza was the best out of everything. Caesar salad was especially weak.Came here for my birthday. Very solid food, and the customer service and prices make it a 5 star in my book. Highly recommend the pasta ala nonna. Atmosphere is quiet romantic and casual. Would highly recommend for Italian in the French quarter.We found this place on a rainy night in New Orleans, just a block away from our hotel. Despite being busy, we were seated promptly. We ordered the spinach artichoke dip, a vegetarian pizza, and side salads ( along with the necessary beverages, of course). The food was great, our server friendly and efficient, and the atmosphere funky with lots of fun art of the Mona Lisa. To top it off, as we were leaving, the manager came over and asked us if we had umbrellas, since it had started raining quite hard, and we did not. He pulled out two extra umbrellas and sent us on our way. This place is highly recommended!!I love this restaurant. We eat there often and enjoy it every time. I have read a few reviews about bad attitudes from the owner and staff and I have to disagree. We love going there and the food is fantastic. We love the lasagna and the Mardi Gras pasta.  
We find the owner entertaining and funny. He has a really witty personality. People need to lighten up. The staff and owners in all the French Quarter establishments deal with a lot of drunks and unruly partiers. I think they handle it very well.Up front I have to mention that my friends are former partner/owners of this fine restaurant.  If you want a nice Italian meal or just a great pizza this is a perfect place to stop in or order out. 
My favorite is the Mona Lisa Pizza.   I usually order a couple pies and have them delivered to my local bar hangout and share with the crew and friends.  It is always a hit.The owner/host was great and so was the service. I had the Panteen chicken and husband the baked ziti. Huge portions and delicious.Thanks to Yelp, thought they were open. Showed up with two hungry kids to find they are on vacation and closed this entire week.!yelp still says "open".After days of hustle & bustle in The French Quarter we found Mona Lisa's on a locals recommendation. Holy Moly! Our experience was quiet & peaceful with really good food. We split the lasagna & paneed chicken/Alfredo minus the peas. My wife & I will definitely recommend the restaurant. We got good service & good food at a reasonable price. Not sure if I enjoyed the quaint & quiet or the food more. We ate here twice on our visit to NOLA.Mona Lisa is funky East Village sort of place. Walls are plastered with every conceivable ML pic imaginable. There are crayons at the tables and some of the customer art work (especially the young customers) also decks the walls. We ordered the Caprese salad, the Spinach salad, and the Eggplant Parm. Fresh tomatoes, mozzarella, spinach...all very tasty. The sauce on the Eggplant was especially good. Very good value for delicious food. It's a little bit away from the action but definitly worth the walk.I love visiting New Orleans post Mardi Gras.... And I really live discovering little local gems.  Let's get some things straight.... Gem in NoLa means cheap good food and booze, friendly quick service and quirkily atmosphere.  Mona Lisa ticks all applicable boxes.  Solid.