BLUF:  Good strong coffee.  Good place to study.  Clean.
New place on Carrollton, right across from Juan's flying burrito.  Very nice staff.  Standard coffee shop options.  Nothing pops out.  
The coffee was good (I like standard black coffee).  It was pretty dang strong.  Sat outside but they only have a couple of outside tables so in that department they are lacking.  Inside was very spacious.  Tables and chairs well spread apart.  Free wifi and with the seating arrangement it is a great place to study or read.  Music was on but standard low background music.  Seems like a very peaceful place to study.  
There is another side room with a couch and more tables if you have a group and would like to talk.  
The whole place was incredibly clean looking and modern looking.
Fine place, minimal character.  It will be interesting to see how the place evolves and who the standard clients are.  Currently has that very new feel (cuz it is).Looking for that local cafe that doesn't have that French vibe-then this is the place for you. 
Pros: 
-atmosphere is super corky. It is bright and friendly that has a ton of monkey themed decor around the establishment. 
*not if you are afraid of monkeys this may not be the place for you. 
-coffee was good. Not mind blowing but it was very tasty and fresh. 
-their menu is super simple. But everything is freshly made. 
-the BLT sandwich was surprisingly tasty for a coffee shop.
-super friendly service that didn't laugh at me when I miss pronounced one of their French words. 
Cons:
-I appreciate that the sandwich was made by handed and well dressed. Felt that it took a little too long though. 
-side pickle tasted different. Not a traditional pickle. 
-only one type of drip coffee. Wish they had other selections to choose from.Utterly undrinkable! 
I recently moved to the neighbourhood and as this is one of the only coffee shops around, I came here a few times to get to know it. The espresso drinks I've received have always been diluted, or perhaps they don't bother to know proper proportions, or perhaps the quality of their beans is low enough that there's nothing they can do to improve taste. Food wise this place is a joke to me. It sports the ubiquitous uninventive deli counter with nothing different, perhaps lower quality food, than down the road at Rouses. 
It's one star (alas I cannot give zero stars) is for the cleanliness of the interior. It's bright and colourful; very trendy like someplace out of South Beach Miami.3.5/5 bright and open
typing this up as i sit here before forget. the colors are waking me up as much caffeine is, although these walls need some love asap! it'll help with some of the echoing. so when i first heard of this i originally thought it'd be a boba shop, but it's a coffee, tea, sandwich/salad place. the usual. currently sipping on their in-house chai, which has a nice spice and is lightly floral. i almost feel like it'll freshen my breath!Coffee is the best I've tasted in New Orleans. I use to be a barista so I'm a little finicky. Plus I got spoiled living in San Francisco. Employees are awesome! Great attitude. WiFi. Food. And a awesome couch. What more can you ask for. It does get a little crowded with the Jesuit kids after school, but for the most part, it's really chill and nice.Large Cup of chai latte with soy milk!
I actually drank most of it, so that's why this is just a picture of the cup. Anyway, the drink was the perfect temperature. I don't like my drinks so hot that I have to wait 5 minutes before I drink it. Is it just me or is drinking boiling water too difficult?
The drink isn't too sweet but does have an aftertaste (obviously). I will probably get this drink again.If you debate about going here, you're a damn fool. The answer is yes, silly! Drink and eat and merry-make at this dope establishment. It's a wonderful place!! VV quiet and VV tasty shizAdorable and spacious. Great place to study. The drinks are delish, too. I will definitely be returning for study time and hang out time with friends!Fantastic lattes hot and cold. They have tons of flavors and options. Service was friends and quick. Looks like a great local place tucked nicely in the neighborhood. Parking is a bit tough.Came in for a king cake a few weeks ago.  The cake was delicious and the baby was actually a monkey!  Also a perfect spot to grab a cup of coffee and a pastry to go.Being from Seattle I'm an advid coffee drinker.  I absolutely can't stand Starbucks (Supersonics fan here).  I'm pretty skeptical of reviews for coffee in New Orleans because.... anyone who says Community coffee is good coffee would have me weeding them from my life.  With that said... This place is great.  Nice corner area near Canal.  Close to home.  Great service and great coffee.  Place reminds me of my time in elementary with the chairs lol. 
 Pretty cozy spot.  Parking sucks but hey.... It's Mid City.  Easy parking is for the weak here so be creative.  
This will be my coffee shop from now on.I came here  for a quick coffee.  I ordered the iced mocha.  I literally could not drink it.  I wanted to throw it away after my first sip.  Very disappointed.Great coffee and an extremely chill and welcoming environment.  Will definitely return!Who ever heard of   nutmeg in banana bread? I have been banana bread since I'm a kid and my family owned a bakery never ever heard of that.I hate nutmeg disgusting.Taste is still here if after brushing my teeth twice.The staff was super friendly and the iced coffee was the best I've had in a long time (better than any shops I experienced living in DC & Philly). Also got an iced mocha, puts chains like Starbucks to shame. The decor is cute and the outdoor tables were a perfect fit for our morning stroll awaiting a table at Ruby Slipper. 
Definitely worth a visit (or two!)Great bright airy space with plenty of tables, some outlets but everyone seemed well behaved with no one fussing about low chatter. Love the pretty fresh flowers at every table and the comfy sofa where I was perched for a couple of hours.
My the iced tea was perfect...strong but not overwhelming. Since I went after work the dessert case was a bit picked over but others seem to enjoy the sweet bites they chose. 
Love the monkey art. Wish their menu was available online...but unfortunately their website (from their FB page) is no longer valid.Loved it! Great atmosphere. Excellent customer service. Amazing Chai Latte. I will definitely be going back.This a cute little coffee shop, beautiful on the inside in a ice quiet part of NOLA. Had their iced coffee with a scone and a parfait. Each item was delicious and their scones were huge!! They even make it perfectly warm. 
The parfait was great too! The yogurt wasn't watery or anything and had the perfect fruit-to-granola-to-yogurt ratio.This coffee shop is legit. They make all of their own food and it's wonderful. Their frozen coffee is addictiveSince I was talking about King Cake babies the other night...because everyone does that in early December in anticipation of Twelfth Night... I mentioned that Monkey Monkey offers a rubber monkey with its king cakes but outside the cake because rubber. Then I hunted on Yelp for a photo and I hadn't mentioned this VERY IMPORTANT fact on the yelps or posted a photo. Please consider this rectified.
The Monkey Monkey king cake is baked in the shop and is yeasty and with a good cinnamon+ flavor (what's the plus? maybe mace or nutmeg or something warm and yummy). Plus the icing has a nice lemon flavor which makes it not too sweet. I ended up with a surplus of cakes on Mardi Gras day and this stale cake made the most delicious frenchiest of french toasts. YumThe atmosphere of this place is ideal for a laid back meeting over coffee or posting up for hours to work. Fresh flowers on every table :) Barista was super helpful. Most coffee places are full of pretentious workers who get pissy if you ask what they recommend. So nice to be around some helpful people. So bright and clean in there too!My favorite neighborhood coffee shop. Great coffee that's not too overly priced. Wonderful baked goods (a personal favorite is the coffee cake). Friendly people who work there and frequent there. Plus, lots of natural lighting for my studying needs. So glad to have this gem of a coffee shop close by.Excellent breakfast in a very quaint environment. Loved the atmosphere. Fresh yogurt parfait with home made granola was a treat.Three words: iced. praline. latte. 
WOW I have discovered my new obsession but good thing I'm from the north and we don't have praline syrup up there. Tried both the iced latte and iced coffee. The iced coffee was yummy but the praline iced latte was oh so fabulous. 
They have a lot of savory scones and muffins and bagels as breakfast or snack option which is sweet. Great sunny open space, lots of seating and free wifi.Not much to say here, except:
*great Mid-City location
*friendly service
*decent prices
*PEPPERONI FREAKING KOLACHES
Namaste.  
;^pThe BEST chocolate chip cookies...hands down. They are perfectly soft...just enough chocolate...just PERFECT.Greetings from Monkey Monkey, where my banana pillow friend and I are planning a course of world domination and cake consumption. Having just finished a carrot cake parfait, I am already planning my next cake purchase. Having never consumed a cake parfait before, I can report that they are wonderful and positive ways to consume less icing and more cake in rapid succession. Whipped cream is included for the cost of your cake noms. 
With deepest respect to Alvin D., I would like to disagree about the barren walls. These walls are open and free, not cluttered with mediocre cafe art that many of the cafes in New Orleans have fallen prey to. There is no creeping gangrene of pretension marring the wide, beautiful expanse of warm gray that fosters both glittering sunlight and easy movement of the eye around the arches and openings of the space. The geometric installation of disused outlet covers across the walls speaks to something my very soul, which means I should probably have that checked out. If hardware-store purchases are part of my spiritual experience, this is a problem. 
On a Wednesday afternoon after school, the Tina Belcher patrol (which is to say, are you an ass fan?) should be here. The parade of adorable college students, grad students, young teachers, and Taylor Hanson look-alikes has been a non-stop wonder. Because of my own advanced age, I am not commenting on the appearance of the high school students present, although I should note that they are shockingly well-behaved and docile for high school students. 
Were I not so busy making heart eyes and sighing happily at the cute barista with short hair, I would tell you more about all the other pretty people. But hey, at least Monkey Monkey has met their cute quotient. 
The chairs--which look like they were up-cycled from my high school cafeteria--make this feel like one of those fancy Swedish cooperative schools where students practice unschooling in groups. So sexy. Much Swedish. The wifi supports this notion, and there are a squijillion outlets. My computer can feast! 
Wow, I'm effusive when I'm on a sugar high. I should do this more often. And by "this" I mean "come to Monkey Monkey."
Accessibility notes: door opens out. Low counter. One restroom is up several stairs. Gender-neutral restrooms. No Braille menu or signage. Can get loud at peak hours. Well-lit.Visited this cute coffee shop on a trip to Nola, coffee was great they even had almond milk! The staff was friendly and I would definitely come back if I lived here!Monkey Monkey is a solid spot. They don't have the best coffee or the best pastries, but the place is never too crowded, and is one of my favorite spots to get work done. Plenty of plugins and great tunes; it stays relatively quiet, and it just has an altogether cozy atmosphere. I wish it stayed open later, but the hours are pretty standard for coffee shops. There are only a few in town that stay open til 11 or midnight. Nevertheless, if you want decent cup of coffee and a nice spot to study, read, or get any kind of work done, Monkey Monkey must be a stop for you.Friendly staff! On the larger side of coffee shops and clean!Stopped in for the iced mocha and iced coffee. Both had good flavors and reasonably priced!The chai latte with almond milk is my favorite (and actually the only thing I've ever purchased lol). 
Thanks to Groupon, I've found this great coffee/tea shop! 
FYI, there is only street parking and I always have trouble finding a parking spot.  but the place is also a great spot to work and study. The WiFi is steady and it's never too crowded.This has definitely become my favorite study spot, and I've tried a lot of coffee shops since my first review. Great coffee & food, excellent service, welcoming atmosphere. Recently I've been drinking a Granita-Iced Coffee mix (to cut the sweetness, recommended by the shop) and it is perfect for the warmer weather. Consistency becomes less icy, but highly recommend.
I love the fresh flowers on the table. It puts me in a positive mood.Monkey Monkey Coffee and Tea? The name even makes you curious as to what awaits on the inside! Monkey Monkey cafe has been on my top list of must tries since it just opened and popped up into my news feed! With that being said, the cafe is small (but not claustrophobic) , with a couch on the inside for those of you that want to get comfortable. People are sitting with their hoodies on and their laptops out, that's how you know this is a genuine cafe. The place is extremely clean, and the employees are courteous as can be. 
On my first visit, I decided to get a large cafe mocha with a cupcake to really start off the day. As I'm looking through the selection of pastries, I see a cupcake with a monkeys face on it. Now tell me, how could I resist?! Come on, it was so adorable that once I took my first bite, I almost felt bad for how the bite made its eye sideways on the icing. With the first sip from my coffee, the rich and creaminess of the mocha was mind-blowing. Monkey Monkey, you'll definitely be seeing me again!The atmosphere is definitely bright and cheery, the staff are incredibly friendly and the peach tea and mini lemon bundt are to die.5 stars because they can remember my drink order even when I can't.
Also you can bring your dogs inside and who doesn't love puppies?!Beautiful coffee shop! Nice staff! LOVE the name. Only got hot tea but can't wait to go back and have some pastries and coffee.Cute cute cute little Mid City coffee shop. I am not a crazy coffee fan-Starbucks is NOT for me... Too acidic. This place has YUMMY coffee. Decent prices. GOOD muffins. Cute hipster people with Mac Laptops. Nice place. Recommended by MEEEEEE!!!!Chill environment with lots of fun colors! Their grilled cheese is to die for. Would highly recommend. Limited parkingCute corner coffee café in Mid City. 
Service was extremely friendly.
Coffee was good. My boyfriend had a frozen coffee.  He liked it, but felt the frozen coffee at PJ's is better.
Huge down star for parking headaches.  Had to walk 2 blocks.My husband and I came for wifi, and a place to just hang out while road tripping  through. Something other than the French quarter. 
Pros: wide open space, clean feeling, delicious drinks, friendly staff, good prices 
Cons: parking
Ordered: MUST ORDER GRANITA, it's the bombSpacious. Bright. Great drinks. The pastries are awesome! Great place to hang out or studyI was in the area and searched Yelp for a local coffee shop... This one had a catchy name and good reviews so I decided to try it...
I had a Dark Chocolate Iced Coffee with Almond Milk... I took two sips and threw it away  It didn't taste anything like Coffee Shop Iced Coffee...
I also ordered a pastry which she said was stuffed with spinach goat cheese and some other ingredients... What I received was dry heavy bread with spinach worked into the dough... One of the other Yelpers posted a pic and there's looked delicious and full of spinach and cheese... 
You'll see on my pic it's just bread with nothing stuffed on the inside...
I really wanted to like it since the barista was very friendly and the place was so cute... 
I also love to support anything local but I can not say I'll return...
From the pics it seems as tho they are a bit inconsistent...I go to here regularly. Service is wonderful and my favorite on-the-go breakfast place in the neighborhood. I would highly recommend.I don't yelp often, but Carnival starting has me missing Monkey Monkey Cafe.
In my humble opinion, Monkey Monkey makes the BEST king cake in New Orleans.
I have eaten many a king cake, but this one takes the cake.  You gotta eat it to believe it.
Happy Carnival, Y'all!I love this place. They have one of the best coffee shop atmospheres in New Orleans. It's very sunny, and it's decorated in light, minimalist colors with some playful accents (lots of paintings of monkeys).
Their baked goods are really the star here, in my opinion. Banana bread, cinnamon rolls, kolaches, and breakfast biscuit sandwiches are all amazing.
Their iced coffee is great as well. It holds up well to some of the more coffee nerd-oriented places in town.I've been wanting to try this place because of two things. The name, and the fact that it's looks to welcoming to not try at least once.
I went in on Tuesday for some pre thift shopping juice. I decided on the granita and added some Carmel. The barista suggested whipped cream and topped it off with some Carmela drizzle.
I wasn't disappointed the prices are low, the portions are nice  and its was no line.Great little find & quite refreshing. I've passed here several times & today was THE DAY for me to stop in and DO WHAT I DO.
The Woooooo Hoooooo:
*Location - On the hustling street of Carrollton Avenue; hello I'm a lookie-lou
*Ample outdoor seating - no fighting for an outdoor seat
*Fair pricing is quite comparable to other coffee shops in the area
*Great attitude of the barista & cashier
*Indoors is very well lit
*Spacious interior, plenty of wiggle room
*Ample indoor seating
*Snack, lite-bites & goodies available for munching
*Decor - love the fresh flowers on the tables, nice touch
*I loooooove that it's NOT super duper cold in here; temperature is just right (ac & fan combo works great)
The not so Woooooo Hoooooo:
*WiFi is password protected, you have to get the password from the staff/barista; I mean I get it they don't want WiFi stealers; just a hassle to have to ask for it
*Parking is very scarce; you're competing with residents & other businesses
All in all, No Monkeying Around or Monkey Business, sorry the review wouldn't be complete without the play on words; I find this place to be a nice spot to duck in and enjoy a lite bite study & surf the net for a bit.This place is just great! Walking distance from my crib, I find myself here to take good care of those morning cravings for a good breakfast sandwich and coffee when I'm on the go. As of late my visits have been more frequent to try out some of their other delectable baked goods. There's plenty of seating indoors and outside as well.
Resisting a granita from here is impossible. I feel like once you try one, you'll feel the same way. I usually pick up a breakfast sandwich if there are any left; I prefer breakfast-food over any other there is. I'm up for it any time of the day or night. They'll also heat it up for you if you wish. 
Friendly service and fair prices in a neat, open space; a great neighborhood cafe. I'm not sure of the wifi situation as I'm usually grabbing my items to go but I do see people here on their computers all the time. If I was a betting man, I'd say the wifi is there for the taking.This is a cute, non-hipster, coffee shop. It is bright, open, has a more sterile feel. It's quiet, with lots of tables and tons of people on their laptops. There's free wifi, no password needed (yet). 
I met a friend here and we just had coffee and lunch. I had a medium roast drip coffee (black). They offered a choice of medium or dark roast. It was ok. For lunch, I had the chicken salad sandwich. It was pretty good, though the croissant did fall apart in my hands. Good size portion and came with chips. It seems like prices went up - $9 for a sandwich, which is a little pricey for what it was. Perhaps they're trying to find a balance for all the squatters using wifi.
I'd come here if I wanted to get some work done. But I wouldn't stop in for the coffee and food alone. The coffee wasn't special and the food was a little pricey for the quality.One of my favorite NOLA coffee shops. Creative decor, plenty of seating, and quiet. Perfect for studying. The coffee is pretty darn good, too.Very clean and cute coffee shop. Lots of seating. Friendly staff. Sandwiches and salads too, but I did not eat. Had a mocha and it was delish.Oh "Blue eyes" iced tea.. you're so sweet. Originally, we came here for coffee, and while the iced coffee is good, the "blue eyes" tea stole the show. Hibiscus, rosehip, apples, orange, corn flowers, and rhubarb are what makes this so sweet. With a splash of honey, this in itself is worth coming here for. It's like a  healthy juice. The staff are super friendly, and even shared a joke with me.
Q- What do you call a self aware milk?
A- Soy milk!!best spot for coffee in mid city. comfy vibes, lots of outlets, banana shaped pillow and great wallpaper in the bathrooms.Fresh squeezed juices & southern biscuits served with a smile! A bright, clean, happy place to brunch in NOLA.The baristas were the nicest. I got the iced coffee with coconut milk which is to die for. Super clean facilities, great place to work and very comfortable. In a great part of town and a great place to hang out with friends.Really chill vibe with both indoor and outdoor seating. A lot of open space, so it doesn't feel crowded. 
The staff is friendly and attentive. The coffee is also good quality, and there's a good food selection.Excellent place to enjoy a well-brewed coffee in the morning or any time. Friendly staff and great decoration.Great expresso and a Ruben to snack on. Chilled place to sip and surf, looking forward to next visitMonkey Monkey is my favorite neighborhood coffee place. The staff that works there is always super pleasant and helpful, without being overly perky and obnoxious. Their lattes are delicious, but the real belle of the ball are their frappes. I have never been a fan of frappe-whatever's from Starbucks, but holy shit the frappes here are on point. PLUS they can make they with soy or almond milk which is fabulous since real milk freaks me out.
Parking over here sucks, but it's close enough for me to walk, and my dogs definitely appreciate the walk to/from Monkey Money for my caffeinated delights. I am a fan!The fraps were good, nothing special about them I had the vanilla mocha and on another occasion the mocha frap. The vanilla mocha frap was yummy. On Both I didn't taste the coffee on them. It was as if they used chocolate powder and vanilla syrup. There's nothing wrong with that .Found Monkey Monkey by mistake. I was staying right down the street from the place. I am glad that I stumbled upon it. For my entire stay, it was a little slice of heaven away from the craziness of Jazzfest festivities. 
I am a tea aficionado and revel in a good cup of loose leaf tea. This place got it right. The service is a plus as well. 
Thanks guys! I will certainly be back next time I am in New Orleans.Had a mocha latte and it was pretty good. Came here because I saw they had these cute monkey cupcakes, but they no longer make them :(.Stopped in for coffee and work while I was in the area. This is an excellent coffee shop, big, huge area with alot of seating including sofa and lounge seating. The coffee is great and affordable. The only knock is the baked goods which are made in house but $3.25 for a muffin is a bit much. I will be back for coffee but eat elsewhere.Looks a bit deserted, doesn't have that much food, menu is very small and coffee although I asked it "for here" they gave it to me in a to go carton cup.Cute spot in Mid-City. It's really bright and airy, which is refreshing for coffee shops in NOLA. I came here to get some work done on a Wednesday morning and it was fairly crowded. I had a soy cappuccino. It was decent, but not particularly strong. They have a lot of pastries and yogurt parfaits, as well as sandwiches. Service was great; the workers are very friendly and earnest. Wifi was also very good and bathrooms are clean. It'd be nice if they had more outlets available near the tables. Also, there's no background music playing, but if a lot of conversations are going on at the same time, it can get pretty loud.Really wanted to love this place, the sign outside is too cute and the atmosphere inside is great for anyone who needs a space to study or work or just hang out and read. Very open, lots of seating, airy and inviting. Friendly staff.
My issue is that despite being one of the only cafes in the area to have almond milk, the staff don't seem to be very experienced in making drinks with it.
Yesterday I ordered an almond milk latte and was presented what tasted like a 16oz coffee with steamed almond milk whip on top. I wasn't expecting latte art or anything, but it kind of just...sat on top of the whole thing in a foamy mass. It was also pretty bitter, as far as a latte is concerned. Even when I attempted to mix the almond-y foam to better incorporate it, added some sweetener, and mixed it up some more, it tasted more like coffee with a touch of liquid cardboard. Drank about a quarter of it before setting it down, promising myself I'd get to it later, it ended up getting tossed.
Went back today and ordered an ice coffee with almond milk, which is pretty hard to fuxk up in my experience. This drink ended up tasting very watery, which I think is due to the barista not shaking the carton of almond milk prior to pouring it into the ice coffee (sometimes sediment ends up on the bottom of the carton and you gotta mix it to evenly distribute). Had I not waited to taste it after leaving the cafe, I'd probably have asked her to re-make my drink, which also ended up in the trash after I'd gotten a 1/3rd of the way done with it.
I tried a sample of the granita, which I had been eyeing yesterday, and it was pretty good. Didn't want to risk a stomachache over its dairy content, though.This is a great spot for getting work done (seating, outlets, music) and love their loose leaf peach black tea. I also tried the chicken salad sandwich, which has a lot of potential but wasn't amazing. The bread didn't seem too fresh and could have been toasted. Also don't be fooled by the pickle - they make their own so it's not a dill pickle and tastes very different (I personally didn't like it).I had been wanting to try this place for a long time. After taking my cousin to Parkway for lunch while he was in town for a convention, he said he wanted to get coffee after. I immediately thought of this place nearby. He checked the Yelp reviews and said it looked good, so off we went. Parking was a little tough, but we managed.
They are located in a cool building over near Jesuit. Everything is monkey themed. It was all really fun and cute.
The menu offered a nice variety of drinks and food. We had just eaten, so we stuck to drinks.
The cashier/barista was really nice. I can't recall his name, but he had blue hair. He gave us a sample of their Granita as my cousin was curious about it. It was good, but I'm more partial to iced lattes. We both got iced lattes and were pleased with the flavor and the price.
If I'm in that area, I would definitely go back. There are plenty of tables to work or visit at there.Great little spot in Midcity. The menu is short and simple, with delicious pastries and the best granita I've ever tasted. There was a mishap with my drink order and they didn't hesitate to give me a brand new one and offer a complimentary pastry. Super nice staff!First things first, the coffee is great. I ordered a large iced coffee with a couple pumps of Irish Cream and it really hit the spot. I got one of their breakfast sandwiches as well and it was pretty tasty.
In addition to having solid food and beverages, the service is truly awesome. The entire staff was a pleasure. I walked in yesterday and asked if anyone knew of a good body shop in town because I needed some work done on my car. They could have just said yes or no but instead they gave me reccomendatiobs and phone numbers. They went above and beyond. Thanks guys!This has become my go-to coffee joint. The Mocha Frappe is delicious and the muffins are perfect. The atmosphere is very welcoming and relaxing! I suggest everyone try this place at least once!This place is great. Very friendly staff and delicious coffee. If you go to sit for a while to get work done, make sure you bring a jacket, it gets pretty cold in there, which is nice for these hot summer days.
Only complaint is that most of their tables are big round tables that often only has one person sitting at it. having a long community table would be great since the cafe is so popular now!Great neighborhood spot with a friendly staff. I'm always greeted with a perky barista and never have to wait long for my order. Don't leave without getting a cookie!It doesn't get any better than the monkey monkey. Seriously, the pastries are everything, and so is the coffee and tea. If you're a coffee shop study girl or if you need a quick pit stop in between business meetings, this is the spot in midcity to pause for the cause. Ryan and his crew are spectacular and super friendly.I go here pretty much every other day, and have been since I moved to Mid City in 2015. 
Clean, airy, open space. I especially enjoy the lack of pretension here - some coffee shops can feel a little snobbish and closed off; at MM you get a very welcoming feeling when you walk in. No matter the temperature, I get my trusty large iced coffee with skim, and it's delicious every time. 
I also spend my days working here when I work from home. Free WiFi, unobtrusive music, and a space that is conducive to getting things done. Attentive and extremely friendly staff; everything you could want in a neighborhood coffee shop.Always friendly staff and dog friendly to boot! 
I just love this little gem! Its 5 blocks from my house and I typically walk my dogs there to get an iced coffee. The counter person is always happy to see us and always has treats for my pups! That is much appreciated, so they look forward to it as much as I do!
Recently, I had their salad. It was sort of like a chef's or cobb salad. Super delicious! Good, quality field greens and lits of them. Inexpensive and such an awesome value!
Support local!Nice little coffee shop with friendly staff. We walked out of our way to check it out because of the name and yes the place is decorated with monkey themed art.Monkey Monkey Coffee & Tea has a fantastic name, I just needed to get that out of the way first. This local little coffee shop is a fantastic place to stop for a small bite or a beverage to keep you going. I walked here from my hotel on Monday morning while looking for a place to get a simple breakfast sandwich. On the inside this place had a very cozy feel to it and even has some great Monkey art to make you smile (if monkeys don't make you smile you are probably a terrible person). Once i got to the counter the employee took my order and within minutes i was eating an absolutely fantastic bacon, egg, and cheese sandwich, which might of actually been one of the best I've ever had. On top of eating that A+ sandwich I picked up one of there apple juices and it made the stop that much better. This is a must stop for anyone in New Orleans!I've driven past this cute little corner cafe countless times, and decided to drop in for a little energy boost. I ordered a soy white chocolate mocha with hazelnut syrup added as a bonus sweet treat (read: extra worthwhile calories). It hit the spot! I'll drop in again for more morning treats, so I can continue to go on and on the beauty of their fresh espresso. 
Service was good, quick, and accurate. In other news, the shop is well-lit with natural lit pouring through the windows, cafe-style seating, and lots of monkey paintings as a part of the decor. Vibrant colors for a relaxed spot.