A visit to New Orleans is not complete without a stop at Mother's. I think breakfast is the best and you need to get there early, things do sell out. Be prepared for a line and although it looks like there's not much seating, there's much more in the back - so don't worry about it. Go for something with Debris! It'll be clear when you're looking at the menu - trust me on this one!The Ferdi was only amazing because of the debris... But it was amazing... The ham and roast beef was okay, kinda thinly sliced for the money charged.. I realize it is a tourist hot spot so there's a markup,but still.This is a regular stop for me when I am in new Orleans. On the way in I stop and get the "ferdi special" which is an awesome sandwhiches that comes with a side of "debris"
The desserts are awesome but way over priced so skip the brownies and other goodies.This place gave my fiancé food poisoning today. The food was really mediocre prior to the massive amount of vomiting it caused. Avoid at all costs.I tried the spaghetti and meatballs. It was a great dish! Huge meal! I highly recommend getting the fried eggplant appetizer, they are beyond good.There was a line when I went in, but it moves really fast. I was in a rush to grab food for lunch, so I was glad that my order also took less than 5 minutes. I got the Ferdi with the debris, and while the sandwich by itself wasn't that impressive, the debris (roast beef and gravy) REALLY made it. It was nice and piping hot with the gravy soaked into the delicious bread and I couldn't even take a breath--I wolfed over half the sandwich down in minutes. It's a pricy sandwich but it's also large, so at the end of a night along Bourbon St at 2AM back at the hotel.... It was the most magical midnight snack I could have (although I was lucky enough to have a microwave in my hotel room... May not have been as great if I couldn't heat up the gravy). I almost didn't even want to share it with my roomie, that's how great it was.Had the famous Ferdi sandwhich that was made famous on man vs food. It is definitely for meat lovers. I asked the waitress for extra gravy and she gave me a bowl of debris which was basically meat and sauce. The sandwhich itself was OK but I think the MvF show may have hyped it up too much. Waitress was very friendly.Meh is right.  I ate lunch there in January when I visited New Orleans and was not impressed.  High prices for average food and a total lack of any ambiance.  What makes their ham any different from any other ham?  This week I was in New Orleans again and had breakfast there.  Again high prices for average food.  Two scrambled eggs, a could small pieces of ham, instant grits and a biscuit  that was warmed over and heavy.  Basically just a tourist trap.  Won't go there again and would not recommend it to anyone!Omg I'm so glad people recommended Mothers to us. My husband wanted breakfast food, and I really didn't. Fortunately this spot serves breakfast all day. There was a long line but it moved along pretty fast. Our waitress was nice and when my husband didn't like his eggs she got him some fresh eggs to replace them. He ordered the breakfast special with turkey sausage. Most places give you some over processed turkey sausage links but these were huge and tasted fresh made. I ordered the quarter fried chicken - and even though the menu said it takes 30 minutes it didn't (thank goodness). The chicken was seasoned just right and crispy. I got cabbage and green beans & tomatoes as my sides and these were so good and well seasoned. Again not too salty but flavorful. Both our meals came with biscuits.Tourist trap.  Go to Cafe Amelie instead - it's 2 blocks down the street on Poydras.ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS PLACE! The overall look of it was a little dirty but the food was ON POINT. Definitely will be returning. I 110% recommend the jambalaya & the seafood gumbo.We had heard about mother from our uber driver on the way into town so we decided to check it out. My girlfriend and I both ordered the shrimp po'boy and the reviews tell all. The shrimp tasted fresh, and like it was breaded and prepared in house. The bread was not to crunchy but wasnt soggy & it also had the perfect amount of mayo and slaw. We also had a side of red beans & rice; which was very tasty as well. I would recommend coming to Mother's if youre searching for a lunch or dinner spot.This is pretty much a big ol hole in the wall, but it was yummay!! I saw this place on Food Network so I couldn't wait to try it. I ordered the gumbo! It was delish, the roux was all kinds of perfect. The perfect golden golden brown color with a nice smooth taste. And there was a decent amount of crab too. The bread pudding here was pretty amazing too. I think we will have to visit each time we are in town. It's just like a simple home cooked meal, no shenanigans. Not fancy, not great customer service but the food is good from what I tasted, no complaints here!So so good. Normally packed but we went for a late lunch and got lucky with a full house but no line. Great sandwiches and very nice portions. Would highly recommend especially with such a great location. Close to the casino as well.Go for the debris biscuit for breakfast - pretty much impossible to disappoint.I had the pancakes and sweet potato pie, both were really tasty!   I liked the atmosphere even though it's a bit cramped.I would have guessed this was going to be amazing based on the lines out the door the first couple of times we came by. It wasn't worth that, but it was pretty good. I will say the grits were unremarkable (and I love grits), but I totally enjoyed the potato salad (almost mashed potatoes but cold and really good). Po' boy was definitely a hit and servings were absolutely huge. Wish I had thought to add cheese to my shrimp po' boy like my pal, whoops. Was it quick? Nah. Best service ever? Not close. You put up a "no tipping allowed" sign and it doesn't take long for service to slide. You can also watch people eating in the kitchen from the street, which isn't super hygienic. All that aside, it's a solid, fairly priced meal (perhaps in comparison to the meals I had the rest of the week). Wish I had realized breakfast was served all day though, yum. I'd go back for the potato salad alone.I was drenched on my walk over from the casino in search of Mother's, and I was glad to find her for two reasons.  The first, clearly to get out of the rain. The second, to have that delicious, hot seafood gumbo take out the chill and replace it with all those good food feelings.   First time I'd had the dish, and I'm glad it was at Mother's!I have heard lots about this place. And looked forward to visiting. I looked online and knew that all I wanted was the bread pudding. I'm a vegetarian, most of the things on the menu had meet. Which was fine, they are known for the "best ham in the world," and I knew that before I came. The decor and ambiance was cool, nothing special. The service was good, they are very clear on how the ordering and seating process works as soon as you open the door.  
The bread pudding didn't look appetizing but it was GOOD, not great like I thought but good. I like that I have different fruit in it, seems like they added fruit from a fruit cocktail can. It was a reasonable price. Nice and warm, and came out quick.Like the seafood platter. DO NOT PARK ON THE STREET with pay booth --they have a private parking lot which you can have the ticket validated in the restaurant.By far, the Ferdi is the best sandwich I have had here in New Orleans! I would return anytime to have another. Drink a mother's bloody too! Great Food!The atmosphere was nice. It was a bit confusing on how to actually get seated. You literally wait outside until there is room to stand inside. Between the three of us we had chicken, ham, green beans, cabbage, fries, turnip greens, potato salad and red beans and rice. My daughter loved her chicken, my husband loved the green beans and I loved the turnips. We both like the ham and we all loved the red beans and rice. The service was fast and very friendly. Recommend red beans and rice for sure. Price points was fine and plenty of food.Fried chicken is the best I've ever had in Nola!
Its a dry light batter, and not overly seasoned and salty like other chicken joints...i'm going back tomorrow to try their fried oysters!  Oh, and love the red beans and rice with chunks of their infamous ham...omg.Couldn't leave New Orleans without trying this iconic place and man am I glad I did. When we arrived there was a line at the door. It moved very quickly as the staff inside moves everyone along the cafeteria style ordering. 
Frog soup - Had to try this. It was very flavorful and very meaty for a soup. 
Fried chicken - Crispy, moist, not greasy at all. My favorite fried chicken to date. 
Green beans - amazing
Greens - needed a little bit of salt but appreciated that versus having them come too salty
Potato salad - You can tell it's homemade and it was amazing. 
Biscuits - The BEST biscuits I have EVER had
Bread pudding - the sauce...loved the consistency of it but the sauce was everything
The staff was on point, food was fast, with the exception of the chicken which they tell you is about 25 minutes because they fry it fresh...worth the wait.The Bae and I wanted a more down-home eatery before the Drake & Future concert. We figured a more "Mom+Pop"-esque situation in the business district would be difficult to find. Actually, we lucked up! 
Using the handy, dandy Yelp app and Google, we both stumbled upon Mother's and knew She was the one.  Only a 10 minute walk from InterContinental, it was an easy find. 
Mother's is reminiscent of a diner with minimal seating, but not the congested feeling. There were copious amounts of portraits on the wall of celebs, war heros and other memorabilia to gaze over. We were instructed to grab the menus by the door and place our orders when ready. I ordered the shrimp po boy, he got the Famous Ferdi. After placing orders, we found seating in a quaint corner. A very nice waiter (with a rich NOLA accent that I gushed over) came by to introduce himself and took our beverage needs. Not long afterwards, our food arrived.
Let me just say that the shrimp po boy is SO GOOD. seasoned very well and crispy. My boyfriend's Ferdi sandwich was hearty and huge. His eyes were bigger than his stomach bc he couldn't finish it all. Me? I had NO problems with my po boy; we connected on biblical level, lol. I will say that the sandwiches were a bit pricey? I understand WHERE Mother's is located and its reputation, so yeah. But it was our vacation and we played along.Went for breakfast expecting the Fendi to change my life, however, I was sorely disappointed.  The meat is cooked well enough, but the roll was soggy which made it difficult to enjoy.  Add that to the high cost of the sandwich and I find it difficult to recommend Mothers over some other options.Because this is one of the restaurants New Orleans is known for, my wife and I had to visit.  We had the Famous Ferdi Special, the Egg and Turkey Sausage Po Boy, a cup of Seafood Gumbo, and the Bread Pudding.  All were very good.  It's a neat little place.  A word of warning.:.a tad on the touristy side and very busy.  Plan your trip accordingly.  I wouldn't hesitate to visit again.Great breakfast for a reasonable price between 730a and 930a.  Overall there are better spots in New Orleans but if your hotel is in the CBD or canal street area this a nice spot.The locals rave about this place but I was not very impressed.  The shrimp po'boy was decent, the shrimp was large and succulent but the bread was stale.  The prices were a little steep.  I would consider trying somewhere else for a po'boy next time.Stopped in for breakfast this morning. Great service. Ordered Mae's omelet and it came with a homemade biscuit and jam. The ham in the omelet was amazing, but the mushrooms did not taste good. The omelet came with grits too. Again, service was great and very friendly.Oh Mothers, where have you even all my life? I'm writing this after my second visit to this wonderful place, and all I can think about is my third, and fourth and one hundredth trip there, the food is that flipping good! I just can't wait to go back.
To start, they served the best ham I have ever had. Hands down. I totally "pigged out" on it. It was seriously some divine swine. Oink oink!!
And on the side was some serious cabbage. I don't know what they cooked it in, but I would bathe in whatever magical liquid they cooked this scrumptious side dish in. Triple oink!!
The service at this gem is great too. Staff is sassy in the best way. They help you out but you also know they mean business!
All in all, this place is fabulous. With a name like Mothers it has to be good!!Come hungry and leave stuffed! Wow! I had the shrimp and oyster po boy. Boyfriend had a turkey po boy. We shared fries. We could have done with one sandwich! 
The Creole mustard on the turkey was really great! 
My only complaint is that the prices drive you to get the full size sandwich as the difference between the small and regular was only $1-2. Thanks for the extra pounds!!Mother's for breakfast was the most enjoyable experience in our dining repertoire while in NOLA. The service is friendly and personable. The food is down home and reminds me of what my grandmother would make. We all enjoyed our amazing breakfasts with huge portions and affordable pricing. 
I had the baked ham and grits. The baked ham was the most delicious ham I have ever eaten, but please don't tell my mother. It was juicy and flavorful with five huge pieces. I am craving it even now as I am writing this review.
The biscuits were homemade, huge and fluffy (the size of your palm). The butter looked homemade, as well. The jelly came in individual containers, which one would infer the jelly was homemade, also. The omelets were fluffy with many ingredients - no skimping on anything at Mother's. My friend had the breakfast special and she really enjoyed it. 
I truly wanted ham and grits every day after being at Mother's. Our plan was to return a second time during our stay, but we were not able to make it back. We would have loved to have eaten here often during our time in New Orleans. 
Mother's is not an upscale establishment. This is a plain, honest, local diner and the atmosphere is like being in your grandmother's kitchen. The table and chairs are old, the place needs a fresh coat of paint, and the floor needs repair. If this bothers you, this is not the place to eat. If you want great food you will be thinking of long after you have returned home, you have to eat here. The food is unforgettable and the ham is second to none.Pretty decent food. Lovely wait staff. It's a cool atmosphere but he prices are pretty steep. Expect to wait in line, though it does move rather quickly.
Overall, I'd say stick with the shrimp poboy, it seemed like the best value.good food, good prices. Go in between breakfast and lunch for no lines. It's packed in there!! there's something called debris, which sounded really scary, but it looked delicious. I got the crawfish ettoufee omelet because I was in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint.
pecan pie was not that good. Crust was really hard. This was after trying the pecan pie at Brennan's, which is pretty amazing. 
So get the biscuits, creamy grits, and eggs. YUM!I was very excited to try this place due to all the reviews. I ordered the world famous ham, rice/beans, potato salad, and cabbage. I noticed there were many people handling the food behind the counter, on what looked like a buffet style but for the servers to prepare on a plate for you. There were about 6 people behind the food counter. And what was concerning was no employee handling the food had a hair net on or gloves! Also they were cleaning for the night and spraying cleaning spray right near to the open food. I was nervous for my food to be brought to the table and for a reason. I received my plate from the waiter and the first thing I noticed immediately was a thick black curly hair on my ham. I tried not to get sick and told the waiter about the hair. He picked up my plate very rudely and said nothing no apology or anything. He went back and seemed to yell at the workers behind the food counter. A few seconds later a new plate had arrived. But by then it was too late my appetite was complete gone and along with my money since this place makes you pay before you get the food. I do not recommend this place at all. Horrible service and definitely problems with sanitation at this restaurant.I will never never eat here again the manager would not return a side item and stated that's the way they cook it and he could not exchange. The customers  are lined up outside in the smothering heat and when we got inside there was no one in the dining area this is propaganda at finest. Management is very rude - I've never seen anything like this.Fantastic food! Good service. Lovely atmosphere. Biscuits was true southern comfort. Roast beef PO boy with au jus was really enjoyable. Mid morning was a perfect time with minimal waitOne word - FERDIIIII.
Got the turkey ferdi with ham.  Loved every bite from the delicious roast beef debri to the juice-soaked baguette.  It was a huge sandwich but I had ferdi-envy as soon as I finished.
Others at the table got a few sides (red beans and rice, jambalaya) and all were satisfied.
Wanted to give five stars but had to take off as it is definitely a more "self service" type of place (like someone mentioned, don't lose your receipt) and can be a bit pricey/touristy.  That said, I will be back - and soon.So sorry that seven of us went here.  The food is ridiculously bad. 
Warning: Their "famous" ham 13.50 is like mediocre  cafeteria food. Don't give a damn. Waste of money. 
The seafood gumbo 8.50 and the crawfish étouffée 10.75 are in small bowls and just barely warm ... Yuk. The Ferdi special 13.00 sandwich is soggy and not tasty at all. Only the shrimp and oyster po boy 18.00 is edible.  
Complete waste of time and money.Did a quick Yelp review for local favorites. And this one popped up. It is delicious.  The line was long but it was fast and so worth it. The green beans and tomatoes were amazing.I had the seafood gumbo, jambalaya, and Mac and cheese. All of them were good in comparison to the other popular restaurants in The French Quarter. Their homemade lemonade is good too. Also, the prices are fair, so you'll definitely get your money's worth. I just don't feel like it was worth the long line to get in, but still good food nonetheless. This will definitely be my main go to spot the next time I'm in Nola!This is my second visit to New Orleans and my second visit to Mothers....I'm a fan...the food is GREAT!...the long wait outside in the sun....not so much.
I'm sure on a non event day the lines are not as unacceptable.
I will always go back when I'm in town!
Greedy PMother's is not Juicy
Nothing about this place was juicy. Not sure what the fuss is all about. I tried a lot of different plates since there was about 6 of us and I tried a bit of everyone's dish. 
Did not like the 2 different omelettes, nor the biscuit, nor the pancakes, nor the beef stew, nor the grits, nor the sausages.
The shuttle driver said that this place was a must try. But now I know I'm not missing out and I'm glad I tried this place.
The line up gets confusing and it's free seating so it gets messy.I had a shrimp po boy which was decent.  The shrimp was fresh and the bread was fresh. Beyond that there was nothing special about the place.  I also had the potato salad which was tasteless and stale. I am sure there are better places to find decent food. The bottom line is it's another tourist trap!Mother's was our first food stop in New Orleans. We walked up to a line outside the building but it surprisingly moved very fast because of the team work of the employees. I ate the Ferdi Special which was great! The potato salad and turnip greens were also delicious. The wait staff were kind and attentive. Wasn't a fan of the Jambalaya.What a great meal. We went for lunch, and there was a little bit of a line, but good lord, what a meal. Fried shrimp po' boy, fully dressed. Yes, please! My wife had a Turkey Ferdi with debris, also delicious. And my sister had a beautiful black forest ham, cheese and egg on a biscuit with a pancake. Breakfast anytime. Great place, great staff, good prices. Yum!Prices reasonable, nothing will be healthy there so just go for it, The biscuit was phenomenal the grits were good to, I went there early and you had to order off the breakfast menu that disappointed me because their lunch food sounded so good. I won't even review the food because the ambience was amazing, it really made me feel like a local dining there.Although I am a historical fanatic when it comes to food and big believer in standing up to the test of time in the restaurant business, this place may just be in business for the novelty of it all.
It's buffet-like service, you order at a register and then take a seat. As you order you can see all of the food, well, most of the food sitting out in food warming basins. I had File Gumbo, a 2/3 Original Po Boy and a side of fries. The fries came out cold, soup was room temp, maybe a bit more, and the Po Boy had a few slices of meat on a large, cold roll. 
I hate to bash an iconic New Orleans haunt but it just wasn't much to write home about. Skip the long line and hit K Paul's while you're in town.Not impressed .. long line food ok but pricey. 
Looks like a soup kitchen and the taste was
ModerateI was disappointed. We went to Mother's for breakfast on a recent stay in New Orleans. I had the debris and grits with some scrambled eggs and a biscuit. The bis cut was good, the grits fine, the eggs a bit watery but the debris was unexciting. For those that are not familiar with the term debris is supposed to be the crispy chunks of roast beef that fall off of the roast beef and into the pan gravy. On a commercial scale it would be the equivalent of pulled crispy skinned roast beef in gravy. As served it was tired chunked beef in watery gravy. I get the idea but if you have to cook it for hundreds there has to be a better way. 
Similarly the black ham seemed to have suffered a bit long on the steam table. Lots of great things in concept here but the execution was either disinterested or lacking.I think the food is very good here. I've been here three times and have enjoyed food every time. Red beans with smoked sausage is very good. Portions are good.Ferdi's Special was outstanding ---roast beef and ham, brought together with marvelous cabbage, and mayo on a terriific French roll and a tad wet with the gravy. Marvelous creation. Go for the 2/3 sandwich since thats enough and it's $9.75
I ordered the Mae Filet Gumbo and it was very delicious with rice on top. Kinda didn't need the slice of French bread though.
The potato salad satisfied as well, though a tad too mustardy. Still I liked that it wasn't wet or that the potatoes werent left whole.
To top off this feast I went ahead and tried the bread pudding which was served with a vanilla-like sauce. I would have liked a bit more crunchier or chewy texture, but what can I say --this was a terrific and traditional pudding that tasted like it was made fresh just moments ago. Nice to know this place can recycle the French rolls or bread they use for their sandwiches.
Only thing I will complain about it, besides the kinda high prices, are the kitchen workers who lean against the walls near the far end of the table area. It just feels a little cramped and it feels like these guys are just hanging around making comments abour the boozy tourists that come in after some benders on Bourbon Street.This was our first stop on a recent trip to New Orleans and to be honest, it was a bit of a disappointment. The line can be kind of long, but it goes pretty quickly. One person was manning the drink station and yelled down the line to ask each person for their order. I got the Ferdi Special, a po' boy with baked ham, roast beef, debris (roast beef scraps from the bottom of the pan that's soaked in gravy) served dressed - with mayo, mustard, pickles, etc. The bf got the fried chicken, which takes 20 minutes to prepare.
The food came out all at once, so maybe my sandwich just sat there until they could bring it out with the chicken? The meat in the sandwich wasn't even warm and the world's supposedly best baked ham was, in my opinion, pretty subpar. They do, however, pile up the ham and roast beef, so the sandwich is filling. The fried chicken was pretty good, although N said it wasn't salty enough. Servers weren't too friendly either. I would not recommend this place - many other places worth trying in New Orleans!The food was incredible.... Fell in love with spicy vinegar... Even brought some home... Line seemed long when we got there (told hour wait)... Was only 15-20 min.. Worth the wait.... Great ambiance... Great bloody Mary's....Mother's is a down home comfort food kind of experience. The Ferdi was overhyped and the service was mediocre, but if you are looking for an easy lunch, this isn't a bad option. We went during off hours (late in the afternoon) and there was no line-- I wouldn't recommend it if the line is out the door.I can not understand the excitment or nostalgia over this place. Its gross, the service is terrible and the I have nothing nice to say about Mothers. It should be avoided at all costs. Its a terrible represntation of New Orleans cuisine and a dump, yet it is consistently busy with a line down the block. Tourists would be better off trying anything else. Literally anything else.Maybe back in the day, this joint was was hot...now, it's more of a historical landmark.  
It's more interesting to come here and look at the plethora of celebrities that have strolled through this place.   It's great to visit but save the room in your tummy for all the other great places to eat in NOLA.We went for the bread pudding which was alright but the Uber driver mentioned the fried chicken...so we tried it.  INCREDIBLE!  Super crispy skin and ultra juicy meat.  Couldn't eat it all because we already had dinner but really wish we could haveOnce you get passed the long line. Which was only about 30 minutes of so. I ordered the shrimp Po Boy and it was great. I couldn't even finish the whole thing. They give you so much food. You will also have to try the pudding bread, it has a rum glaze on top that is to die for! Great food, great staff of people who make sure you have everything you need.Great crawfish étouffée. Delicious bread pudding. Great service from Shelton. Very enjoyable evening.My husband and I went here for lunch on our trip to New Orleans on 1/2/2012. I was told by three people to try this place. Lets just say that I was not impressed. Of course it's a big tourist stop and we had to wait in a line outside to order. Once we did get inside it was crowded and rushed. You order first, take your ticket to your seat and a waiter will come get your ticket and get your food. While the waitress we had was really nice and friendly, I did not like my food. I order the Famous Ferdi Special and it was not special. After standing inline waiting to order, I was scanning the room and looking at everyone elses food to see what looked good. A lot of people had this sandwich, so I was sure it would be good. I was disappointed. My sandwich was cold and the entire bottom half was soggy. I understand the sandwich has a lot of juice, but I looked around and only mine was soggy. I think it has been sitting awhile. It did not taste good. I ended up eating the top portion of the bread only and had that as my sandwich, I just the top as my bottom (they cut the sandwich in half, so I used the top from the other half as my bottom and ended up only eating half the sandwich). The flavor wasn't even that good. I hated every minute of it. But I at least tried it. 
My husband order the shrimp poboy and he really enjoyed his. It was hot and tasted good when I had a bite. If you order a sandwich here, doesn't seem like you can go wrong with the shrimp  poboy.I'm not an Po Boy expert but I know what good food tastes like and this was just okay. I ordered the Famous Ferdi and it wasn't that great.We came here on the recommendation of a taxi driver. He basically told me he comes here for breakfast, lunch and dinner. So I figured, it's gotta be good if the locals go, right?
I realized when I got there that this was the place that was featured in Man v. Food a while back. It was also Mardi Gras that day. Accordingly, there were a lot of tourists, so the line was ridiculously long. However it moved fast, and we only waited for like 30 minutes.
There were two of us, but we ordered (possibly) half the menu:
Crawfish etouffee, shrimp creole, fried chicken, red beans and rice, turnip greens, and the ferdi special. 
(Don't judge.)
My favorite thing was the chicken. The fried chicken takes 25 minutes for it to come out (and they warn you, right there on the menu) but it was delicious and worth the wait! The crust was so light and not as greasy as you'd think (I hate it when you bite into fried chicken, and instead of getting a mouthful of juicy chicken, you get a mouthful of hot oil. SICK). And it was seasoned perfectly. LOVED it.
The other remarkable thing was that the service was really nice and everyone was super cheerful, and seemed happy to be there (even though they were working on a NOLA holiday and there was a line 300 miles long out the door). I loved that when we pointed out that they accidentally brought us seafood gumbo instead of the shrimp creole that we ordered, there was no attitude, no argument, just a simple "sorry about that!" a smile, and they just brought the correct order, no questions asked. It was refreshing.
The other food we ordered was good enough, but not particularly remarkable.
Overall, the visit was pleasant, although I'm not sure if I'd come back on my next trip out to NOLA though. Maybe if there wasn't such a crazy line, I may be inclined to stop by again.Used to be good for for little cost. Now mass production, rushed service, annoyed cashiers, slow service for fast food.Oh my god!!!!! 
Spend a weekend in New Orleans, and on the last day I was really wanting to leave knowing I had good Cajun food. 
We were recommended to Mothers, we all loved it!!!! 
The atmosphere was so comfortable, and the food was amazing!!!!! 
Our waiter was so nice, Mr. Anthony! Made sure we had everything needed. 
I will defiantly visit them again!I have to admit I have eaten here more than I usually would because it's right next to my hotel, but the food is delish anyway. So far I have had the jambalaya, the shrimp po'boy, the fries, greens, potato salad, sweet potato pie, and oh my god the breakfast biscuit with meat.
The bread on the po'boy is nice and fresh and crusty. The fries are hand cut and skinny. The greens have huge chunks of pork in them. The fried chicken takes 25 minutes but like my grandma used to make so worth the wait. Potato salad is mayo based and very good, nice flavor of dill. The jambalaya was good and had a nice level of spice.
Oh yeah, they make their own blue cheese dressing. Yum.
Just beware - when you show up you stand in line, order at the register, and THEN take a seat.One of the best po boys I've ever had. Impossible to eat without getting a little messy, which didn't matter because it was just so good. They also have red cream soda, which isn't something you see around too often these days. Great, friendly service, too. Worth the long wait in line, and will definitely be coming back next time I'm in town.It's just obviously a historic place, with salt of the earth seasoning down home cookin'. Sometimes atmosphere is the flavor. That said, early bird deal.Incredible food! I had the Ferdi Special, which was the best Po'boy I had in New Orleans, by far. The line was very long outside, but don't let that fool you. The line moved quick, and we were ordering our food within 15 minutes. Everyone was very nice! Wait staff was extremely attentive. There are many signs that ask you not to tip, but I couldn't leave without doing so! I will be back here every time I visit the great city of New Orleans!We went here for breakfast and had the most scrumptious omelet ever....the crawfish etouffee omelette.  The etouffee was spicy and the omelette was cooked to perfection.  Please order this even if you're not a fan of etouffee or omelettes!!!   
The restaurant can be a little hectic and the staff a bit abrupt, but the customer service is not why you go here...it's the food.  We tried the "world famous ham" and it was pretty good.  I'm not sure about world famous though.   We ordered 2 omelettes, cafe au lait and a side of ham and it was about $38.  Next time, we'll split the omelette and a side of ham and leave feeling a little less stuffed.
We went back here for dinner and I had a shrimp po'boy and my husband had a bowl of etouffee.  I would say that our dinner only deserved 3 stars as it was nothing too terribly special, while our breakfast was a 5-star affair to remember.Been wanting to try this place for years. Always a huge line. But decided to go there for lunch while visiting New Orleans. And we arrived prior to lunch rush. 
Good things first- line was not too long but it moved pretty quickly. I got the special red beans and rice with a meat choice and 2 sides. My husband got the same. The price was reasonable. Food amounts generous. Turnip greens were yummy. French fries thin and crispy!  And the brownie was rich and fudgy!  All that was great stuff. 
Now for the not so good--the red beans and rice was pretty tasteless. Not spicy, not flavorful. I've made better from a box. I got the debris as my meat side. This is supposed to be beef pieces that is the leftovers from roast beef. It was basically shredded roast beef cooked in au jus. Again tasteless. Nothing AT ALL spectacular. Or worthy of a line. 
My husband got fries, grits as his sides and chose the black ham as his meat choice. To clarify, they warn that the black ham (caramelized outer crust if baked ham) is in short supply and rarely available after 8 am. Upon ordering, he asked for black ham, they checked to see if any available, cook said yes. So happy times!  Got order, baked ham instead of black on plate. Apparently, cook mistaken. Hubby does not like baked ham. And this ham was again like the rest, tasteless. And dry. No moisture to be found. Surprised bc it's known as best baked ham in WORLD. ITS NOT. 
Service- we saw the server three times. Once to pick up our receipt for order. Second to bring order. Third to bring the rest of our order bc she didn't bring it all the first time. No refills on drinks bc she never came back. Perhaps needed to do that ourselves but customers six people deep around drink area awaiting for to-go orders. 
End result-disappointing food and experience. Not worth the line. Or the cost. Maybe their seafood is better. But I'm not going to bother trying since what they are supposedly known for doesn't meet their own slogan.Definitely a tourist trap, but most of downtown New Orleans is ( French quarter).  Lines are out the door, each night, I have walked by, even in the pouring rain.  Stayed at the W, and today was a rainy day so I did not want to walk so far, and mothers was literally next door.   
When you get in you are greeted by some random looking guy not dressed like the other staff, advising you to take a menu and laughingly directs you to the back of the line.  The menu is a two sided menu, with breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  As we approach the ordering counter we here the cashier telling everybody breakfast only.  Of course a sign explaining this or something on the menu that indicates the time between breakfast or lunch would be helpful.  Needless to say if there is that much confusion in ordering you can imagine how confused this place might be.
We ended up ordering a shrimp creole omelette and a crawfish étouffée omelette with a side order of Ham.  The breakfast came with biscuits and grits.  The shrimp creole omelette was my favorite nice spice and nice sized shrimp.  The crawfish étouffée omelette was ok, but I have had better crawfish étouffée at other establishments.  The grits have a nice consistency but bland, prefer grits in Charleston, SC.   The ham was good, but give me a break you can get something as good at honey baked ham without the annoying lines.  All in all, I would not come back here with all the other similar New Orleans restaurants that make similar style food, and for what mothers does a little different like the ham and roast beef, it just does not excite me to go out to a restaurant, especially when lines are involved and ham is the main course.  Lastly, tourist traps that act arrogant like the cashier their and acted annoyed due to the amount of people should be grateful for so much volume.Comfort food. Ask was delicious and if I could get more comfortable I'd go to sleep here.Mother would not be Happy. Food was pricey. Wait staff needs to wear hair nets and please clean up floors and serving tables. Food was all over the place when they served the food. Food and trash all over the floor. The kitchen was a mess. I should have left with my family. I am a mother and was not happy. The wait staff looked a mess too. Analize the place before eating. The food wasn't as good either.Food is great and the atmosphere is true New Orleans. The soft shell crab is fantastic. The shrimp and Oyster  Po Boy are both great. I wouldn't miss it. I go every time I visit Nola.Mother's seems to be resting on their reputation.  I had the Monday special, red beans and rice with a side of debris (roast beef pieces in gravy), the rest of our party had the Ferdi Special, a catfish po-boy, and a chicken sandwich.
The food was mediocre at best. The red beans and rice were bland while the debris was a salt lick. The Ferdi fell apart because it was so soaked in the debris gravy. The sandwich came to the table already soaked and fell apart within the first bite or two. Our dining partner's catfish po-boy was so muddy that she was unable to eat more than a few bites. 
The service was unacceptably slow. While I realize that it is not unreasonable to wait during lunchtime it should not take nearly 30 minutes for 3 sandwiches and an entrée,  two of the plates (the Ferdi and red beans and rice) were out within 15 minutes,  the rest of our party waited nearly another 15 minutes for their food. Tables only receiving half of their orders at a time seemed to be a common occurrence at the surrounding tables. The manager did refund part of our order for the catfish and attempted to make it up to us by giving us a bread pudding although a lack of attention meant he spilled caramel sauce down the leg of one of my dining partners. 
Overall Mother's did not live up to it's reputation. The prices, quality of food and service do not make the line worth it. This is definitely a must-skip on our next trip to New Orleans.This place is alright, a bit overrated. I've had better po-boys at other mom and pop restaurants. With the long wait, I expected more from this place. Low quality gumbo and overpriced po-boys. Did not enjoy my experience here too much.My favorite restaurant in Louisiana.  Traditional Cajun/Creole restaurant.  A lot of the other highly rated Cajun/Creole restaurants in New Orleans are more contemporary style and border on New American Cajun/Creole, but Mother's is traditional.  The Jambalaya, and Seafood Gumbo are especially good.  The workers aren't exactly nice, but they're not rude either.  For example, they kicked us out at the closing time, instead of letting my finish my food.  I was joking that it kind of seems like the Soup Nazi there, but I think that adds to the charm of this place.Very nice roast beef po boy!  Have the try the bread pudding with bourbon sauce!  Lines out the door for a reason!  Enjoy