Came in for lunch alone and was promptly sat. Service was friendly. I had a few questions about the menu. I placed my order pretty quickly. From the time I walked in the door to the time my entrée hit the table was just over 45 minutes. A little longer than it should have been for lunch service. I ordered the Lemon Chicken Angel Hair. No lemon whatsoever. Pasta was plain with no sauce. The entire dish needed seasoning and the chicken was dry and overcooked. I will say that the server was very sweet and polite. I won't come back for anything other than the oyster bar.It also appeard that John and Stacie are married so any complaint filed against him goes directly to his wife how convient. Also the wait staff was siding with us as well as.other patronsThere is nothing special about the food here, especially for their price point.  Nothing was particularly bad, just nothing to write home about.  My po-boy was meh...  wish it had more sauce.  Just not impressed.... the bar looks cool, but packed tables makes moving about the dining room a smidge complicated, and seems to impede servers, forcing them to reach across diners to refill water glasses.  For what we paid, I have had much better experiences.Nothing to wright about. The oysters were good but that's about it. Fried chicken was not good. Way over priced for low quality, bland food.I was not impressed initially. My friend and I sat at the bar. We ordered and received our drinks immediately. The bartender, while not rude, seemed put off or indifferent. Maybe it was because we took too long to decide on our orders. It was our first time here so we were unfamiliar with the menu. The specials looked great but were on the heavy side so we stuck with salads and apps. She delivered the fried calamari in short order and went to the other end of the bar to apparently attend to a to-go order. After a few minutes waiting we gave up and swiped cutlery and napkins from a table nearby. My friend said the calamari was heavy on the breading and short on the squid. I'm not a big calamari fan myself, so I had no opinion. I will say is wasn't over or under done, but perfectly golden and crispy. The eggplant was cooked exactly right but flavor-wise, nothing to write home about IMHO... nor was the marinara. It tasted like something from a jar. Not prego but the $5 fancy organic jar. I will be honest though, ever since 1179 set the bar for me for fried eggplant, no one has come close. Since they closed, I have been on the hunt for a close second. This will get you through a craving if you need some fried eggplant but it won't knock your socks off if you've ever had Joe Segretto's fried eggplant. The shrimp cocktail at $12 was an utter disappointment IMHO. The menu said jumbo shrimp. I received 6 small-ish, butterflied, grilled (not boiled) shrimp that had been chilled. The shrimp cocktail app is served on iceberg lettuce with a choice of cocktail sauce or remoulade. I asked for both and was given both with no problem. They came in little plastic cups. The remoulade was thicker than I'm accustomed to in New Orleans. I tried it once and switched back to cocktail sauce. The cocktail sauce wasn't overly horseradish-y. I'm not sure if they offer extra horseradish as I didn't ask. As an oyster bar I would think they probably do. Anyway, my friend got the grilled shrimp Caesar salad. It looked awesome with 12 of the same shrimp as my shrimp cocktail (for $2 more) and a pile of salad. Unfortulately it was drowned in dressing, so she only ate half of the salad. She speculated that it was sysco dressing. The manager came to ask us for feedback  at the end of our meal and was very gracious. The bartender warmed up towards the end as well. It turns out they have a new general manager who is gradually making some changes to the menu. Had that not been the case, we probably would be writing the place off but we decided we will try it again in a couple of months.Dude!!!!! The food is amazing!!!!! I mean we got the seafood platter. The one for $21.95 and thank god. We didn't get the seafood platter for two because I thought it would be enormous. I am glad we didn't because the one we got was huge. It was really good the catfish was falling apart. In a good way. Like it melted in your mouth. Shrimp and oysters were BOMB!!!!!OMG. I was hesitant about going to a different location, but the oysters were fried just right. I would have preferred more salt, but the crispness was exactly what I like. The lump crab queso was delicious. We cleaned the bowl. My sister loved the shrimp nachos with fresh fried chips. We were there for the gumbo, which didn't disappoint. My child remembered the name of this place from 9 months ago. ("You remember that seafood place down the street from ----, where..." "Mr. Ed's. They had the best gumbo.") So get the gumbo.First time here! We sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome! He told us in advance what was going to take a while to cook so our wait wouldn't be long. We stayed anyway! He was friendly and approachable. We got oysters and pasta and everything was seasoned well and great portions!!! This was a busy Friday during lent!!! Even the  hostess were nice. They were trying their hardest to get us a table but then suggested the bar! Overall on a busy night like this the experience was great!!!!We had lunch today at Mr. Ed's on Carrollton and Bienville.  The food was good with generous portions.  My friend and I split a seafood platter and brought home half of it.  The best part, however, was the service.  The server, Patrick, was a delight.  Just the right amount of friendliness, courtesy and professionalism.  He's worth asking for.  
They weren't very crowded, so our food came in minimum time.  Hot and delicious.  The seafood platter was generous enough that I think we will get more than four meals from it.I dropped in for lunch at Mr. Ed's while my dad was in town. He was craving fish, and I figured they would have some. Turns out, they have a large variety of choices, but not too many fish options. He ended up with a catfish po' boy. It must have been really good, because he ate the entire thing in no time... by the way, this is an 82 year old man that doesn't eat a whole lot at all. I had a half dozne charbroiled oysters, and they were delicious, but how do you go wrong with butter, garlic and breadcrumbs. I really wanted half charbroiled, half Southwest, but it wasn't an option to get half and half with a half dozen. doh! Our waitress was definitely kind, and very patient with my dad who doesn't hear very well. The only downside of this place was how cold it got during lunch. The air conditioning came on, and we about froze. I did mention it to our server, but she just agreed that it does get cold when it comes on. Oh well, next time we will sit outside.Not much to say but took a very long time to get a drink after two servers took my order and had to flag one down just to get a drink.  I never ordered food, I just felt it would be slow and confusing.  This location has not been open long.  See you in a year.amazing service and awesome food! my waitress was very kind and did all the running for things I asked. The roast beef is especially delicious as is the red beans!If you want to charged for over priced under cooked meals go to Mr. Ed's in Carrollton... food the manger needs to be retrained on hospitality and corporate has a policy of not responding to complaints... if you want to be rudely dismissed then this is the restaurant for you.... I would never go back there.. let's see how long Erin last there.We came for lunch. I had a Caesar salad and a dozen oysters. My hubby got the fried chicken. Both were out of this world delicious! Oysters were huge and juicy, and the portion of fried chicken was very large as well. My husband said the fried chicken reminded him of when he was deployed to Korea (which he has said over the years was the best he's ever had). Staff was extremely friendly and the drinks stayed full. Will definitely come here again!Food was okay, our charbroiled oysters took almost 45 minutes to come out and we were starving and they tasted alright nothing spectacular and they could've put more cheese on them. I had the paneed trout which was okay but it was bland and the potatoes were bland too and I had to put a little bit of salt to make them more pleasurable to eat then I've found several bones from the fish but it was okay and I didn't complain about it because I didn't wanna wait another 45 minutes for an entree. My hubby had the half and half fried seafood combo and again the catfish were bland and thank god for tartar sauce, with so many options around New Orleans to get fried seafood I must say our experience was underwhelming and you can get better fried seafood platters elsewhere. The highlight of our dinner was our waitress because she was nice she apologized for the food taking forever to come out and I understand that as a server myself but the food left me Mehhhh.Ate there recently and ordered a Roast Beef Poboy. The bread on the bottom was so soggy I couldn't pick it up without falling apart, it was mush. I had to pick it apart to eat it. They most likely added the gravy to the bottom bread rather than on top of the roast beef. The raw oysters were great.I have been to Nola many times, I this particular trip I wasn't able to eat any seafood while I was down the french quarter area so I'm craving for gumbo and oysters at this point. We were in the area and I had to get some before I left back to Houston. I found Mr. Ed's and surprisingly it was very nice in the inside with a very nice bar.
I ordered:
Charbroiled oyster-amazing but the bread that came with it was completely stale 
Iberville oyster-this had cheese mushroom and shrimp added on top-would of been great if the oyster wasn't drowned by everything else-took the flavor away from the oyster when that should been the main thing it didn't stand out-I feel like a couple of the shells didnt even have the oysters in it but I could be wrong since it was so much going on with it.
Cesar salad-Fresh salad but please change the dressing!
Burger- per my daughter not so great 
The problem I have with the service:
If you have kids at the table it is smart to make sure that their meal come out first and typically when a salad is ordered that would come out first as well. The oysters came out first before the salad and the burger for my daughter. There was a table that came in 15-20 mins after us and they got their food before my daughter did. Oysters were decent but please work on customer service and prioritizing what makes more sense to come out first.Awesome Place!!!!!! Great service and awesome Gumbo!!!! The oysters are off the chain!!!I have been here twice and each time the food and service was great.  Today our waitress Ms. Gracie was hilarious, lol. The Carrolton location has a nice outside seating to people watch.  The bread pudding was delicious.  Definitely a good Midcity spotWe initially intended to to Neyow's, but had to settle for Mr. Ed's instead as Neyow's is closed on Sunday's. We had passed Mr. Ed's prior the day before and for some reason it stuck in my head, and I am surely glad it did.  From the moment we walked in we knew we were going to be satisfied as none of the many customers looked unhappy.  We were sat down fairly quickly and along came our fabulous (slim male) waiter. He was extremely cordial and polite, his recommendations (Andouille Gumbo, Seafood Gumbo, Jambalaya & Redfish) were on point, we even took some fried chicken to go.  We WILL be going back this September.  
Great food, num num num!Came here often since we live in the neighborhood.
Cold beer and good food. 
Great place to watch the games and they have a good happy hour!A little too fancy for my taste. $30 (plus tip) for a Bloody Mary and a PO Boy is a little high. I feel there are a few better places very close by.This review is strictly for a "To-Go" order. Ordered two dozen charbroiled oysters since my mother was in town for the weekend and we live in California(She was born and raised in NOLA). I myself don't even eat mollusks other than scallops and these look totally delicious. The last time I saw oysters this tasty I was eating at Drago's. The crowd who consumed them said they were delicious, but the oysters themselves were small.I recommend this place.
Good seafood collection and you can custom some dish if you don't like some ingredient in the cook to order dishes.
The service was excellent.
Great Location and reasonable prices.3.5 stars. 
I really wanted to NOT like this place after the rather snotty sign outside with all the rules: NO separate checks. NO sending items back to the kitchen. NO exceptions. Sign was written with an angry scrawl. Then I was turned away for wearing a tank top. July in New Orleans and no tank tops?? Come on man!! This place isn't THAT fancy! But I was with family from Oklahoma and they REALLY wanted seafood so I ran home and came back wearing a shirt WITH SLEEVES. 
Met up with my family and sat next to a table with a girl wearing...you guessed it...A TANK TOP. Massive eye rolls for this. Apparently no tank tops is a mens-only rule here. 
(I also observed 3 other guys try walking in wearing tank tops. 2 of them walked out 1 went and BOUGHT a tshirt.)
So.....I've been in the restaurant for 30 seconds and I'm already hating it. Like, basically seething but sucking it up for my family, we've all been there right?
But then....the food and the service was pretty good afterall. 
One in our group wanted to sample the etoufee...and they brought him some in a little dish before we ordered. We had raw oysters for app and they were plump and tasty. I had the seafood nachos, we also had the taste of New Orleans platter (red beans with sausage, jambalaya, etoufee) and a blackened chicken salad. 
All the food was excellent. 
So. 
Follow ALL the rules and you'll have a good experience here. 
but Dear management: stop it with all the rules. The last time I was turned away for wearing a tanktop was Wits Inn (2 blocks over) about 3 years ago and I still haven't been back.Not accommodating to groups. Even though we called in advance (several days) they did not allow us to all sit together (even though the restaurant was less than half full).  Made no effort to be helpful. Horrible customer service.Mid City seems to be ever expanding and Mr. Ed's is the newest addition to the neighborhood. 
I stopped in with a friend for lunch and we were both surprised that the place was pretty empty at noon. Everything looked really good and we decided to start with a plate of the fried calamari. Looking over the lunch specials, the only thing I could focus on was the fried chicken. I had heard amazing things about the chicken here and while I'm aware that this is a "fish house", three pieces for white meat chicken for $12 was too good to pass up.
The calamari was crispy and perfect. It was lightly battered and had a lot of flavor and came with a side of marinara sauce for dipping. When the chicken came out, I was blown away at the serving size- two huge breasts, a wing and potato salad was an incredible amount of food for lunch. I started munching on the first breast and I loved how crispy it was. The batter on this chicken is nice and thick (that's how I like it) and had some nice spice to it. One complaint- I did find the chicken a little bit greasy and really salty. I wasn't too upset, because I was able to get through one breast and I took the other two pieces home,  The potato salad was perfection and it might be some of the best potato salad I have eaten at a restaurant.
I enjoyed my food here, the service was pretty good and the atmosphere is casual. There are also big screen tvs in the bar area, if you want to get a beer and watch a game.Wife and I went to dinner last Saturday night.  I ordered the fried chicken that was going to take 20 mins to prepare so we order onion rings for the wait.  Knew something was wrong when the chicken came to our table before the app.  It was over fried and terrible.  Also, my wife ordered the fried oysters that were about the size of a dime.  Way over priced and terrible.  Never to return.  Don't waste your time or money.So happy I had the opportunity to speak with the management team at Mr. Ed's.  They are truly committed to their clientele having a positive experience at every interaction.  Thanks Stacie for a quick response time and living up to the Mr. Ed's brand.Wow!  I live in St Charles parish, so I don't make it to the city often, but work brought me to this neighborhood today. I chose Mr Eds Oyster bar because I recognized the Mr Ed name and knew it would be good. They did not disappoint. Peggy the waitress was super friendly and attentive. The food was fantastic. I had the white beans and fried fish. The dish, the beans, the cornbread... omg... soooo goodSlllllllllllllllooooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww service. One of those kill the cow and grow the veggies kind of places.Extremely overpriced for the quantity of food. Shrimp were suppose to be jumbo, but were small. It was our first time there and we definitely will never be back. Crawfish bread was decent, but overall service was slow and food was not worth the price. Server didn't even refill drinks.Stopped in for lunch while visiting for work for some Cajun goodness!! I didn't get oysters but I hear they are rather tasty. I ended up getting the southern fried platter with jambalaya. Note... if you're ordering chicken do not be in a hurry because you need to allow the right amount of time for the chicken to cook. The platter had chicken, catfish and shrimp. The food was delicious... I took off two stars because my jambalaya came out room temperature so I had to get that replaced. Also the I think the hall that leads to the restroom should be a little more lit (FYI; it most certainly is a hike to get to the restroom). My meal was about $18 before tax but you get plenty of food for leftovers!If you're in New Orleans, you've got to go to Mr. Ed's in Mid-City. They have a seafood nachos appetizer that is a MUST try. It fed all four of us and we struggled to finish it, it was huge
 They have a large choice of entrees. The food is so very yummy. I had the catfish platter with potato salad. The fish was fried so lightly it almost melted in my mouth and the potato salad was the perfect compliment to the fish
 There are dessert options and they sounded wonderful but I was so full, I couldn't even think of having dessert. 
The service was absolutely the best too. Karen waited on us and she was so friendly and attentive, as soon as we even thought of something we might need she was there to get it for us in a flash with a smile and kind words.
I highly recommend Mr. Ed's in Mid-CityWe came here on a trip and ended up eating here twice in two days! Oysters, gumbo, seafood nachos are all killer! We will definitely be back to Mr. Ed's next year!Great hostess (I think she introduced herself as Latoya) and our server Haley were both amazing. The rest of the staff all had smiles. Our oysters were so tasty... however I couldn't help but notice the manager on duty sat at one of the table when we walked in and when we asked to sit outside even though it rained earlier that day she scolded the hostess in front of the restaurant for leaving outside optional for guest. I don't if the manager noticed we actually were the ones who requested outside and her reaction made me and my guests very uncomfortable. I apologize to the girls I didn't want to get anyone in trouble. The manager Erin wasn't a good fit in our opinion, but we made sure to leave the girls with a nice tip for their troubles. Nice place just felt uncomfortable, but glad we stayed.If you looking for charbroil oysters then this is a nice place to be. The is a nice restaurant close to my house so my family visit often. I give them 4 stars because there is not much lighting in the place. When you walk in you think of a romantic restaurant like Houston's but this is actually not that type of place.We've eaten at the other locations frequently.   This was our 2nd and last attempt at the Mid-City location.   The food wasn't up to standard for us like the other locations.  Edible but nothing special.  It was especially greasy tonight.   Excellent service but we'll take the time to drive to the other locations from now on.Not sure what the previous complaints were but this is one of my favorite restaurants. My favorite was the oyster salad as usual with southwest oysters, a dozen of course!!! Lemon drop martinis to round out the night and the service was a little slow but that's because I was super hungry was thinking about this all day and I saved all my calories for this meal. Lol. Seriously didn't let me down, didn't have to wait and the meal was what I expected. Until next time!Don't waster your time or money. Their is no happy hour special and the food is not worth the money. The service was slow and the 10 dollar drink was watered down and gross. It should be against the law to make weak drinks in NEW ORLEANS. After having oyster and canceling the bowl of gumbo because it took to long, I paid my 28 dollar bill(half dozen oysters and 1 drink) and went to Rising Canes.My boyfriend and I tried this place because I really wanted oysters. I ordered a half dozen of the charbroiled with bacon added on top. It was SUPERB!!!! It was soooo freaking good. My boyfriend who doesn't eat oysters even enjoyed one. We also ordered crawfish bread which was excellent as well. 
For the main course I had the smothered cabbage with cornbread and a grilled pork chop. It was flavorful. The cabbage had a little spice to it. 
He had the mid city red fish. I tasted it. It melts in your mouth. 
We were too full, we had to skip dessert but they had some great options. I would defiantly recommend this spot to not just oyster lovers but food lovers in general.While the Lunch was delicious 
The inside of the Restaurant was a disaster.
For some reason the heat was on and 80 degrees.( its 71 outside)
The Large screen TV 100 ft away was blaring a Basketball game and 5 grown Men including the waiter behind the bar were all yelling every time the players played a move.
The waitress was awesome and the Manager dis turn the heat down but its still stuffy.
The food is pricey at $9.99 for a bowl of Seafood Gumbo
The White Zin White was tasty with a hint if fruit-juice.NEVER again. Went to Mr. Ed's yesterday and should have walked out of the door when the server walked up to the table to take the drink orders. First off it took almost 10 minutes from the time we were seated for the server to come over and take our drink orders now this wouldn't have been a problem if the restaurant was extremely busy but it was only 8 people including my table that were dinning and 4 of the 8 people were already eating.  We placed the order for our cokes after being told we have "coke products" but no fruit punch/lemonade so keep this in mind if you decide to eat here and you have kids. I hope you don't want a refill because that'll take another 15 minutes to get because they were all standing around the bar talking. We also placed our food orders at the same time as the drinks my boyfriend ordered the half chicken that he said was okay and I had the fish and shrimp platter with fries Big mistake the best thing about it was the shrimp the fish taste like it just came straight out of the water and  my fries were ice cold. After telling the server she then had to explain in detail to the person in the kitchen about my request for hot fries. If you are looking for somewhere to eat in that area with good food and service this is not the place. Take my advice and go anywhere but here. I'm still pissed that I left a 18% tip.Amazing food and service. Cody was the best waiter ever and had amazing food recommendations. I will most definitely be back soon.Worst experience ever! I ordered the trout. It was burned on the ends and the rest of it was extremely dry! Whatever was on top of it was extremely salty! My husband ordered the grilled pork chops. One pork chop was clearly burned. We sent it back and after waiting 20 minutes for another one, we were given another burned pork chop. I asked to speak with the manager who only offered an apology and said that she didnt think that the pork chop was burned. You could smell the burnt smell before it was even placed on the table. Waitress was nice and polite.  Incompetent cook and manager! I definitely DO NOT reccomend!Very nice decor. It was almost closing time, but there were numerous customers sitting at the tables and the bar. Seemed like all the customers ordered oysters! Staff was nice and welcoming. Bartender took my to-go order in an acceptable time frame. 
I ordered the half and half seafood plate-shrimp and catfish with potato salad. Delicious! No complaints. 
Hubby ordered the plate with fried chicken, jambalaya and something else. He wasn't a fan. Jambalaya was very salty. Fried chicken was cooked in old grease; he took a few bites but the taste was not good. Have you ever smelled old grease the next day??? Man...what an awful smell. 
I would return and get my same half/half order. Wouldn't order the fried chicken unless the kitchen informed me that the grease was fresh.Very good - love atmosphere.  Last minute lunch decision. Blackened chicken salad - delicious.  Added bacon, croutons and other yummy stuff. Lindsey, bar tender super nice and friendly. 
Only 4 stars because I think it is a tiny bit over priced. But nice place!!Fabulous last minute change from our original choice! We walked in and the dining atmosphere is what we were looking for. The hostess greeted us in that genuine and warm southern manner, and our waitress was just as friendly! 
We started with gumbo of course, and it was good...not awesome but good nonetheless. We both chose fried platters, mine with catfish and shrimp with a side of Jambalaya and hubby had a side of potato salad with his catfish and fried oysters. 
The food came out fast and hot! The catfish was the best I have ever eaten! Fried light and FRESH!! Hubby said the oysters were light and not chewy and very flavorful. The potato salad was creamy and tasted very good. The Jambalaya was good as well but overshadowed by the fish and shrimp. This is definitely a returner!Not sure what the previous complaints were but this is one of my favorite restaurants. My favorite was the oyster salad as usual with southwest oysters, a dozen of course!!! Lemon drop martinis to round out the night and the service was a little slow but that's because I was super hungry was thinking about this all day and I saved all my calories for this meal. Lol. Seriously didn't let me down, didn't have to wait and the meal was what I expected. Until next time!* 12 tables in the restaurant - 6 people at the bar - Bartender was totally overwhelmed.
* Ordered 1/2 dozen oysters 1/2 Bienville 1/2 Rockefeller - he looked at me like I was from Mars - I said it a couple of times and then pointed to the menu. He had to call a manager over to show him how to ring it. 
* Oysters came out - so much sauce that I could have eaten them with a spoon.... nothing broiled about them. Thin/watery cheese sauce on the Bienville with zero visibility of having seen a broiler. Rockefeller same - thin/watery spinach cheese sauce with no visibility of having seen a broiler or char.
* Ate 2 oysters and asked to take the balance to go. The bartender literally dumped them into a to go box (including the two empty shells I had eaten).
It was a mess of oysters, shells, sauces etc. in the container because everything was so liquid.
* Ordered the wedge salad, seafood nachos & Pasta Orleans to go.
* Wedge salad - no dressing included
* Everything put into a paper bag - when I went to pick up the bag I noticed one side of the bag was sloppy wet so I looked inside. The Pasta Orleans had spilled out of the to go container and was all over. The items were repacked right in front of me not remade. The Pasta Orleans was the same watery thin cheese sauce used on the Oyster's Bienville. 
* I asked to speak with a manager and was told that he was unavailable.
* I left with my food and tossed it when I got home.
I saw one person yelling at the manager while I was waiting for my food - the manager looked as lost as the bartender unfortunately.Very poor service. Clearly not the same operation as the Metairie location. 
Was so poor it was laughable. 
Out of this and that
Seated for 15 minutes before waiter arrives (they had to look for him and couldn't find him.)
Drinks arrived late and 10 minutes apart
Seafood platter Entree for the table never arrived
Etc...... there is more , but I'm tired of typing.I love this place only because their servers and bartenders are always so friendly. Lindsey behind the bar is a doll, and they genuinely want you to have a good experience whether you're just drinking a beer or having a three course meal. If you're looking for the best poboy or turtle soup you've ever had... maybe not here. But solid, steady food with good atmosphere? DO IT.The waitress was excellent. I wanted dish that wasn't on the menu the way I wanted it and she made it happen. The Bienville Oysters was fantastic.Love it here and the fresh seafood so many options can't beat the happy hour mon-fri either. Comfy bar chairs with backs as well!The lunch special was great. The breaded pork chops were juicy and was perfect with the homemade mash potatoes and gravy. The service was good and the restaurant was clean. Will be back.I was excited to have Mr. Ed's back and in a new Mid-City location.  So we went for dinner a few weeks ago and ordered charbroiled oysters, friend seafood plates and a few house specials.  The results.  It's just Okay.  Kind of expensive for a poboy/seafood house.  I think the sandwiches are probably your best bet.  The charbroiled oysters are not good.  The fish specials and fried platters are not great.  The service is okay, maybe this old favorite will his it's stride again eventually.My service was great, but these are the smallest oysters ever, plus the bread was stale and rock hard.  My calamari was also served with a spaghetti sauce. Not very tasty. I used ketchup and hot sauce instead...  sorry I won't be back and won't recommend.I was a customer at your establishment in Mid-City New Orleans on 04/21/2018. Let me first mention the oysters we had were delicious along with my pasta. My friend who was eating with me was not fond of the fried chicken. We called over our waitress Kelly who was apologetic that the chicken was not to our liking. She beckoned the general manager John who basically berated us for disliking the chicken stating it was "his recipe," "there was nothing wrong with the chicken," "we don't do returns on food." I asked where this policy was stated or written and he advised it was a "verbal policy." He was very hostile and dismissive on our opinion of the chicken. He kept saying the recipe is over a 100 years old and many people have come in today and eaten the chicken. The only other option was for my friend to inform him of the seasoning she would like on the chicken so another order could be sent out. She ate 1 out of 4 pieces if that much. I have never been chastised by a manager for disliking food in my life. We would've even settled for another item on the menu for the same price I wasn't trying to get out of paying the bill this was my 2nd time here I actually recommended that we go here to my friend who had never been. It goes without saying this will be the last time. I didn't even finish my food I was so upset over the matter. The worst $73.93 ever spent. have taken my complaint to corporate and  hope to hear from someone soon.We were riding the trolley back from NOMA to the French Quarter & jumped off when we saw the Mr Ed's sign (it had been recommended)....best move we've made since landing in Nawlins. It was a very busy lunch scene so we sat at the bar. 
We had a cup of Creole gumbo that was among the best we've ever had. Next, we split a crab cake dinner with each cake topped with a crunchy fried oyster, veggies & roasted potato quarters. It was all perfectly prepared & very tasty. Then comes the best: A wonderful bread pudding that was awesome.
We've yet to try any of the other Mr Ed's, but this one is hard to beat.
This is great food without the French Quarter prices.
I knocked off a star (should be half a star) 'cuz the service was a bit slow.I wanted to like you Mr. Ed's. I really did! Went on Friday night and it was packed. Drinks were good but the oysters were so overdone that they were chewy and meaty. Couldn't even use the bread to soak up the butter because the butter had all been cooked off...Not sure I would put myself through that again.Food was delicious! In a few more visits I hope to give a full five stars but for now my four is equivalent to perfect for me! 
I just moved here to N.O. And was recommended this location by a coworker and man! Everything was good. I absolutely plan to return! Also, whenever family or friends come and visit! This is one of the spots I will brag and bring them to. 
Everything was good and I love when I feel like I can jump around the menu and be satisfied regardless. I'll try some other dishes next time!A lot of kinks to work out before they could expect this place to last. Food is overpriced and low quality.Walked in and had to wait for the hostess to finish her conversation with another employee b4 either would great us, ordered the the crawfish spinach dip and there wasn't any Crawfish and the chips were soft. The employees are walking around slippery drinks and talking on cell phones. You can also over hear employees having personal conversations within the dining area. We ordered oysters and they were hella good!Checked in on a whim. Just wanted to go somewhere different. I'm glad I did. I must say that on entering, me and my guest were greeted promptly and seated. The waitress was ok. We started with the appetizer which was the seafood nachos. It was so huge and sooo good. It was enough for two people, maybe more. I ordered the chargrilled oysters and my guest had the fried fish and shrimps. Both entrees were seasoned perfectly. The portions were great and of course we tried each other's order. Lol! The prices were very reasonable. I must say that I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu. Great job!Surprisingly good...
Well spiced without too much salt. Redfish portion small but tasty (Like, I could eat 5 at least). Great service. 7 bucks for a blue moon is a bit much. Calamari small but well cooked. 
Great staff. 
A buck off each entree would make it perfect.oysters Rockefeller seems like pre prepared --- and whats with all the junk on the Rocks -- certainly Ed can make the old fashioned Oysters Rock for the native Orleanians of a certain age when good taste and class were more dominant than today and oysters Rock were a delicate blend of liquor and spinach simply put on an oyster--so what is this concoction made today--- a  Christmas ornament ?
note gastro esophagus health issues are rising and the new fangle
hot cuisine of nola is not a reflection of the old, authentic, tasty delicate creole flavor that is tastier --and probably healthier for your gastro esophagusI've been to multiple Mr. Ed's restaurants and I've never been as disappointed in the food as I was at this location.  My husband ordered a catfish po-boy, which was about $13. We were shocked that it didn't even come with fries for that price. He added a side of vegetables. The vegetables came out and the broccoli and cauliflower were so undercooked, they could have been on a raw vegetable tray with some ranch dipping sauce. 
I ordered grilled reddish with asparagus. The asparagus were as hard as a rock with no flavor. I asked for a fresh order, and they came out unimproved. The redfish was mediocre at best. 
It's disappointing to go to a restaurant when I'm certain I could have cooked the same meal at home much better and for a fraction of the price. 
The service was fine, but unfortunately, that save a meal.On our first visit to New Orleans, this was the 1st place on our stop. Fried food my friends are what I go for most of the time. I have to have it. New Orleans is known for their food, fun and cocktails. Oysters are some of my husband's favorite things, but not necessarily mine so I go for fried catfish. They were good. I just would have liked more and seasoned a bit more, but they were good. We were super doper hungry as you can probably tell by the pictures, but it was good the food came out in a decent time. There was not a wait to get in which I was happy about due to how hungry I was. The food was not all we expected, but it was good. I think we hyped it up in our heads. The service was good and so were the cocktails. The pictures on the wall were cute and created a fun atmosphere.Absolute garbage. My grandfather who was a weekly customer there recently died and today was his birthday. My family and I decided to eat here in memory of him. We brought a cake to celebrate and were told they don't allow any outside food. Their website doesn't say anything about this "rule" nor is there a sign posted. They wouldn't even hold the cake in the fridge for us. Our only option was to put the cake back into our car to melt. The food was horrible. The seafood tasted frozen. The pork chops were suppose to come with mashed potatoes and came out with roasted potatoes . And the charbroiled oysters were mediocre at best. The seafood pasta was so spicy it was inedible. The managers pathetic attempt at an apology included sending us cold, flavorless bread pudding. The service was also trash. The waitress was barely attentive. We all needed refills that we never received. Also, the waitress couldn't even split the bill correctly. After being so fed up with this experience we didn't even have the desire to fix the bill. We all payed and left as promptly as possible. I would NEVER recommend this restaurant to anyone.New location of the Metairie staple in the space on Carrollton that was recently occupied by Pei Wei. Basically the same menu as the other Mr. Ed's Oyster Bar and Fish House locations including a lot of fried seafood plus their fried chicken. There was a mixup with my to go order, but the bar tender immediately offered me a cup of gumbo and iced tea while I waited. Great service, perfectly cooked, but a little bland fried  chicken. Nothing a little hot sauce couldn't take care of, though.The staff provided excellent customer service. It was the little things that impressed me the most. As my wife and I were approaching the entrance, an exiting guess threw a take takeout cup into the parking lot. One of the staff members came out for the sole purpose of picking up that cup. The proactive actions of that staff member stuck with me because staff at other establishments within New Orleans doesn't go that far to obtain a clean presentation of their place of business. New Orleans is mostly seen as a party place with lots of tourists. With that being said, many locals and staff discard their trash on the ground and no one cares enough to pick it up. Secondly, while my party of five was dining, the manager checked on us multiple times. Our waiter also hung around our table jokingly. These two individuals made us feel welcome and un-rushed. Not to mention, my party and I enjoyed the food. I order the chicken poboy while my wife enjoyed the oysters. It was so good, we went back a second time in that same week. This is the first only time that I have ever written a review which indicates how impressed I wasMy girlfriend and I just wanted something good to share. We chose Seafood Nachos! They we fabulous! We could not even put a dent in them. Good for 4 people at least! Love the porch area. Next time I go back I will sit outside. Hostess and Waiter were very nice!I've been to Mr. Ed's many times but the CBD location is the one I've frequented the most. This time around, I decided to try Mid City to stay out of the tourist fray. I was pleased with it. Service, ambiance and food seems to be better at this location. You also get the view of Carrollton with the streetcar passing especially on a beautiful day. Food is priced for what tourists would expect to pay, however still a bit high for what's offered especially when you're from Nola and know you can get more bang for your buck at other establishments.Came here a week ago with my uncle, best friend and my boyfriend and we literally ate 6 dozens of chargrilled oyster and raw oyster combined.. they was good but the oysters was small. Our server was a little dull at first but he came around after we kept joking with him. My entree was good but my uncle didn't enjoy his food. He said the chicken was hella salty in his words. Lol I tasted it and he wasn't lying but they was kind enough to give him a replacement dish. The only reason this location don't have 5 stars because of the host she was rude and nasty and I go by first impression is the best.Great Place To Eat, Great atmosphere, Great Service, Great Fresh Food, This Is My First Time and ill Most definitely Be coming back. Prices are reasonable, So stop by and you'll def be backMy sister and I sat at the bar last night. I'm going to be specific because I want you to know who I am. I ordered the White Beans w/Shrimp and grilled pork chop. The shrimp were ice cold. No exaggeration. The plate was sent back. A few menus later, the exact same plate was brought back out, same food. All that happened was it was put in the microwave. The reason I could tell is because not only was everything steaming hot but the plate was hot too. 
Cold shrimp means you're keeping them on ice and then heating them in boiling water(this is what the bartender said) not putting my entire freaking plate in the microwave. I was extremely disappointed. To add insult to injury, it was nasty. I've never been a person to send food back because I made the wrong selection but I should have sent it back. The beans tasted like they were from a can. There was no flavor to them. The entire dish was mediocre at best. I expected more.Came here for a quick dinner on a Sunday night. Ordered the Seafood Nachos for an appetizer. They were delicious! The chunks of shrimp could have been cut smaller though. I ordered the club salad and my boyfriend had the Taste of New Orleans. We both had a lot of leftovers. We got 3+ meals out of the Taste of New Orleans and the salad was large enough for us to split and still have leftovers. Service was a little slow considering the place wasn't busy on a Sunday evening, but we were in no hurry.The worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant, period. Don't eat there. I am serious. Raw fish, stink oysters, and a manager who won't even come and apologize. The waitress was nice...The waitress was great, the food was fair. There was a BUG crawling in the meal of one in our party of 5. The manager John's response was HORRIBLE!! We were told he can't control the BUGs, no apology, no customer service from him. A horrible man with an attitude. We will never go back & with so many GREAT choices in New Orleans, I suggest that you skip this less than mediocre establishment.My husband had on a sleeveless Pelicans Jersey...could not done in...did not realize they were that fancy! Going somewhere else!