This restaurant is fantastic....and not just the steaks...their veal chop is the best thing I've ever eaten!!  The service is impeccable and the ambiance is perfect.  Definitely a must!It was my Husband's Birthday so I wanted to treat him to a nice dinner somewhere. I had always heard Mr John's was better than Ruth's Chris (which is where we usually go) and wanted to dine there.
Recently, Mr John' s advertised a Groupon and I bought it.  I made our dinner reservation through Open Table.  I had left a message on the answer machine at Mr John's but no one returned my call.
We arrived at Mr John's for our 6pm reservation. We were seated at the very first table upon entering the dining room. I was not happy with this table, it appeared to be a busy traffic area, near the kitchen entrance. There were several empty tables (at least 8) in the room but when I asked the hostess for a different table she said the other tables had been reserved. We sat at our assigned table and dealt with the high foot traffic going by the table.
The waiter staff were great, very attentive. We started with a bottle of red wine, we enjoyed this wine having visited the winery recently in CA and knowing the winemaker as a past physician I worked with. My husband ordered the turtle soup and I had the wedge salad, both were very good. We both ordered the filet's. I would have given the restaurant a 5 star except they switched the steaks. I like rare and my husband likes his steak medium rare. I don't think they knew they made a mistake?
I had called Mr John's just before leaving home for the restaurant to ask if they did anything special for Birthday's. I alerted them it was my husband's birthday.  We ordered creme brûlée for dessert.  Either the message was not passed on to our waiter or he forgot to recognize the birthday.  The creme brûlée was good, but my husbands birthday was overlooked.
It was about 7:20 pm when we were finishing up with the bill.  I looked around the dining room once again before leaving, everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  More people had arrived but noticed there were 3 tables by the front windows that were still empty.  I wondered if we were seated based on having a Groupon???  Our table was in a busy noisy traffic area!
Although I would recommend this restaurant and would like to return, I was a little disappointed in how the evening turned out. It was important to me but seemed insignificant to them. I have to agree with my friend that said Mr John's is slightly better than Ruth's Chris.I had such high hopes. The service is like junior high school with no teacher in the classroom. The floors look dirty. The air vents are covered with dust. The steak,although hot ,has no sear. It's not good food. SorryBy far, the BEST steakhouse in town! 
My family and I had three-in-one birthday dinner here. Everyone was very hospitable and courteous. Justin and John was our waiters for the night and were very attentive. 
To start off, we had the fried calamari, fried green tomatoes, tuna, and BBQ shrimp. They were not bad but my fave would have to be the calamari (but that's because I just LOVE calamari). As for the entree, I had the filet mignon and OMG, The BEST steak I've had! It was cooked to perfection and very flavorful! But be careful, it does come on a sizzling plate. And last but not least, the bread pudding for dessert. One word, YUM! I finally found a place with good bread pudding! Maybe next time I'll ask them to lighten on the chocolate syrup, I'd prefer more of the white chocolate :) 
Overall experience, wonderful! We will definitely come back here.The steak is the thing but Mr. John's failed to deliver. May as well have had choice from the grocery story. No flavor and tough and chewey. The sauce on the pork belly tasted like it was made with a frenches gravy packet and the mashed potatoes had all the substance of flavorless water. Big disappointment!The Best Steaks in Nola! You can have Morton's, Ruth Chris, and Crescent City Steaks any day..Drop me off at Mr. Johns. The tuna appetizer, fried green tomatoes and crab meat dish were delicious. Let's not leave out the andouille/crawfish Mac n cheese and Tabasco onion rings. I love this place. My filet mignonette and my husbands new York strip were delicious...Best steak in the city hands down. Amazing food and outstanding serviceOMG SOO GOOD!
My family and I came here for the first time for my birthday. We ordered almost every appetizer and every one of them was delicious. My favorites had to be the Peppercorn Crusted Yellowfin Tuna and the Who Dat Shrimp. I could've eaten both apps entirely by myself!
The downside to this place is it's very small and when we went, it was a weeknight so super crowded and loud. However the food is soo good you won't mind it too much ha.Was always my favorite place for a steak in NO. Had a bad experience last night. The seating was wrong, we requested a waiter and didn't get him, the drinks were weak and a member of the party had a steak over cooked. It was really just a bad experience. Something has changed at Mr JohnsMuch hyped steakhouse but average at best. Came here for an anniversary which was noted in the reservation but no mention of it from the hostess or server which isn't a huge deal but most higher end restaurants usually would at least say congratulations. We had 2 servers but the service was marginal, again not horrible but below what an expensive restaurant should be. Food was ok but not great. Had shrimp cocktail fried green tomatoes for apps. Had the NY strip for dinner, was tough for being a prime cut and the bearnaise sauce lacked a good flavor. Dessert was Creme brûlée which they serve with this sugar crumble on top which gave it an unpleasant texture. Overall disappointing.Excellent steak. Comparable to Ruth's Chris.  Large salads.. My son had the Caesar and I had Caprese (biggest Caprese I've ever seen!).  Nice atmosphere, but loud.  I agree with others in that service was very efficient but not overly friendly, which together could lead you to feel a little rushed.This place is so good! One of my top favorite steakhouses in New Orleans for sure. My favorite cut is the bone in ribeye so that was an obvious choice for me. Ordered it medium rare and it came out perfect! The steak was finished with butter and had an amazing sear. We had a lot of sides for the table, but the most memorable had to be the onion rings. They have a hint of crystals hot sauce and are lightly battered, my favorite kind of onion rings. If you're more into the beer-battered and thicker onion rings, this might not be your choice. Great place and I can't wait to be back!Went there Friday night after I arrived. No reservations because they had a Groupon (whatever that is). Was told if I came between 8:30 & 9:00 they could probably seat me at the bar. Arrived at 8:45 and was told 2 in front of me. By 9:15 I had still not been seated so I asked if I could order to go = Yes. Placed my order which did not arrive until almost 10. My hotel is right next door. Unpacked my $100 dinner. The salad was cold, the garlic mashed potatoes were warm, the filet was the correct color but cold and the lobster tail was so over cooked I couldn't chew it and it was totally cold. Most disappointing meal ever in New Orleans.When you turn the door knob and step onto the white tile floor at Mr. John's, you're transported to old New Orleans dining. 
The smell of butter, garlic, and parsley sizzling & popping from a fire-hot steak plate swirl around you. Well groomed staff carry bread baskets, butter ramekins, and uncorked bottles of wine around to guests. The large, wood-framed windows, allow you to watch the historic St. Charles Streetcar zoom past. It's the type of place you bring your parents to so they're allowed to recount fine dining in New Orleans decades ago...or the type of place you bring a large male group of friends to splurge on too many bottles of wine, too large a steak, and far too much profanity!...or the type of place you come as a couple and somehow get swept up in the ambiance and feel as if you're the only two in the restaurant. 
The wine-crisp. The steak-one of the best in New Orleans. The side dishes-complimentary to any entree. The bread-warm & fresh. The service-top notch! My boyfriend and I each enjoyed a glass of Chardonnay and then we shared the soup of the day (Crawfish & corn in a cream base), a 10oz filet cooked perfectly, and an order of well-seasoned asparagus.  What a great meal! 
Thanks, Mr. John's. We'll return!Heard very good reviews about this place so my boyfriend wanted to try it out. They sat us in a table in the corner under the tv and near the hotel entrance. Other guests constantly walked by. The fire under the butter for his lobster couldn't stay lit with all of the foot traffic. The bus boy was more of a waiter than the actual waiter. The bus boy gave impeccable service and apologized for our seating arrangements. We were told it's because they were busy. 
The food was great but the service quickly brought it down.The best meal of my life. 
I had the Pan seared red fish with lump crab meat and gulf shrimp. The difference in flavors was absolutely unprecedented for any seafood I ever had. The sheer taste of the food almost knocked me off of my chair. It's that hard to describe! It's as if the red fish massages your tongue to a nap. Very suttle and moist. 
It's been a few years and to this day I dream of one day returning to eat there. 
I will say that apparently there was an ownership change and the menu does not appear to be the same either. I hope however that the quality has not diminished. 
I look forward to going back when I visit my friends and family again. I will post an edited review if anything is substantially different.We love Mr Johns.  The wait staff, hosts and all simply are top notch.  Really love the always lively dining room with really good food.  We loved The Who Dat shrimp and the rib eye was cooked to perfection with a flavorful but light seasoning.Still the best steak in town, well seasoned and sizzling in butter.  All 5 of us were happy with our steaks as well as the sides.
They're losing two stars due to kitchen/service issues.  Albeit they were slammed on a Saturday night, I can't give them a pass on it.  Water was filled appropriately and appetizers came out on time.  However, there was a HUGE time gap between the apps and the arrival of entrees- we waited over an hour between apps and entrees, which is unacceptable. In the meantime, the waiter put out 4 steak knives instead of 5, and I had to ask for an additional knife.  Finally, we ordered desserts and coffee.  The desserts came out, but we were told they were making coffee.  The coffee never showed.  I'll give them this: all apps and entrees came out synchronized, which is a plus.
I will go back because I really love their steaks, but overall service tonight was sub-par.  I think the root of the problem was that the kitchen crashed.  Thankfully, the quality of the fare didn't suffer.My husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner! Food was superb! We were really impressed. Service was great and the wait staff was really welcoming. From the moment we walked in the door we had amazing service. It was a tad loud in the restaurant but it didn't take away from our amazing meal! We will def be returning!We really enjoyed our meal at Mr. John's and the wait staff were great, but the older gentleman who seated us was indifferent and downright rude! We were originally escorted to a table in the corner near service entrance-when we asked to be seated elsewhere we were told that most of the tables were reserved (and yes we had made reservations  well in advance). When we left there were numerous tables still available-what has happened to service???This is the place. Everything was excellent. Service was wonderful. Waiter was extremely knowledgeable about steak. He really helped us order the right cuts. The steak was heavenly. It melted in your mouth. I had the ribeye and it was so big I couldn't finish it. There was a fantastic selection of huge side dishes. The flourish of serving all entrees at once with multiple wait staff on sizzling plates was quite impressive. The atmosphere was very Old Style New Orleans, and very dark. Dessert selection was limited but tasty. This was the best meal I had in New Orleans out of six. I highly recommend it. Prices were reasonable for a white linen tablecloth experience.Mr Johns steakhouse is by far the best of the beat steakhouse I've ever encountered! My boyfriend somehow got us a reservation 5mins before they closed and we got seated and served without no attitude or anything. We were introduced to some red wines and specials. Right off the bat, the wine was delicious! We order their special softshell crab and it was amazinggggg!!!! My boyfriend had his original Caesar salad, which you can't go wrong with. I had veal and he had steak. The preparations of both entrees were AMAZINGGGGG. It was cooked just right and tasted tooo damn good. We were surprised and way too happy. The service was wayyyyyyyyyy beyond our expectations just because we got their so late. Everything was perfect. If my boyfriend and I order dessert after being happily fed, we are definitely on cloud 9. For the price, it beats Morton's and Ruth's Chris! 
We would love to go back, but they close so early, it conflicts with our schedule, but as soon as we can, mr. Johns is our #1spot for another rendezvous!!! 
HIGHLY HIGHYL HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO TRY IT OUT!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!!Both steaks and sevices are absolutely phenomenal!  My sister and I went there about 2 times in the past year, and both times are great.  We both ordered ribeyes and it was so tender and juicy.  It's definitely best steak in town.  Servers are very professional and nice.  We will definitely go back.I love a good steak. When I go for steak I just want the steak with some basic sides. I want it cooked to perfection and the cut to expectation. Mr. Johns delivers on this. Are you kidding me!! I have not been to all steak houses in the US, but I dare to say that this place is at the very top of the list.Mr. John's never disappoints.  Each time I have ordered the filet medium rare and it comes out perfect each time.  The sizzling plate with butter popping is such a great sound to hear.  For this past visit I tried the Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat.  The remoulade was perfect compliment to the crabmeat and perfectly fried tomato.  For appetizers I got the Onion Rings, which are a must get, and the asparagus.A very disappointing experience.  We had Saturday night reservations on a recent vacation to New Orleans.  When we arrived, we were seated in a small section of the restaurant immediately adjacent to a party of 12 having a loud celebratory dinner.  Since we wanted to talk over dinner, we asked the woman who seated us, and then our waiter, if we could be seated elsewhere in the restaurant.  They simply said no.  They made no effort to accommodate our request in any way; they did not ask if we wanted to sit at the bar, or if we wanted to wait a half hour to try for another table, or any other option.  So we left, walked down the street, and had a very pleasant dinner at Houston's jazz restaurant (and listened to some great live jazz).Top 5 steak that I ever had. The asparagus soup with crab was terrific. The Cowboy rib eye steak was cooked to perfection. My friends had the special soft shell crab appetizer, I missed that, but hope to have it on my next visit. They  also had the rib eye steak and loved it. The hot sauce dipped onion rings, perfect. The 2010 Negretti was perfect. The creme brûlée and NY cheese cake with Rasberry sauce delicious. The garlic bread the best I have had out. The service on point and super knowledgeable and friendly. We almost went to another place but the yelp reviews swayed me here. Thank you Yelp.Best New York strip in the city....hands down. Service was impeccable. Valet parking helps tooOn a chance off day, I was able to finally give Mr. John's Steakhouse a try!  The service staff was professional and slightly detached, but they remained attentive.
I didn't know that lunch was only available on Fridays, so that in and of itself was a treat. We received a delightful appetizer, a meatball made of remnants of the week's choice cuts.  Delicious!
The barbecue shrimp were plump and perfectly seasoned and the bread was perfect for soaking up the sauce.
If there is steak on the menu, my husband is ordering it.  He enjoyed the ribeye which was a well-seasoned, tender cut of heaven.  I dared to try the fish of the day...panseared sheepshead topped with crabmeat served with a vegetable medley in a lemon butter sauce.  Divine!
Leave room for dessert! I couldn't pass up the creme brulee. I get it wherever I go.  My husband devoured the red velvet brownie that was topped with vanilla ice cream.
Until next time...I had the rib eye and my wife had the filet  best steak I've ever eaten. I would have to say  my wife gave me a bite of her filet and it was better but you can't go wrong either way.Great dinner.  Food, service and atmosphere were good.  Their "specialty" steak is their New York, and it was great, but I preferred the Ribeye.  It was outstanding!The dinner was outstanding!
However, the bisque was thin and light with the seafood, but very delicious.
Also, very noisy and couldn't hear the waiter for the initial presentation.
Overall taste was outstanding!Came down for Jazzfest and found this place near my Airbnb . Old world charm and good food. Was able to secure a table with no reservation. I had the trout and my friend had 2 lobster tails and a salad. It was all very good. I will have to come back and try the steak. The desert menu consisted of the usual suspects, cheesecake, brownie with ice cream, etc. service was exemplary and staff worked fast. The trout took a little longer to get to the table but staff brought me a vodka tonic on the house for having to wait. Also this is a great neighborhood for having after dinner drinks.I've been fortunate to have dined at Mr. John's several times over the past couple years, and I am consistently impressed by the quality of the food served. I think it's easy to forget about Mr. John's, given its location on a stretch of St. Charles that seems past its glory days, but the visit is well worth it.
Appetizers are all generous, and seem like they could stand alone as entrées, given the level of detail that's put in to each item. It should also be noted that the appetizer menu offers a lot more than wedge salads. The bread served pre-entrée is also quite good. Steaks are consistently cooked to perfection, and arrive sizzling in butter. I think I died a little just thinking about it. The sides are on the heavy side, but the potatoes au gratin are pretty amazing, as is the creamed spinach. Wow. Just died some more. I don't know how anyone could possibly make it to dessert after the rich, creamy consistency of those side dishes alone. I have yet to try any of the pastas or non-steak entrées on the menu (I can't peel myself away from the thought of a tenderloin or strip steak), but I'm sure they would meet my expectations, based on other food I've had.
One thing I'd also like to note is that the wine list is pretty extensive, and while I'm not a huge wine person in terms of knowledge (isn't it enough to know that I like it?), I can say that the pricing isn't prohibitive, and that servers are happy to recommend a bottle or glass.
Service at Mr. John's, in my experience, has always ranged from above-average to excellent, and the wait staff operates with a friendly sort of no-frills, no-nonsense attitude, which I appreciate, as I don't like being nagged or asked a million questions when I'm drowning in creamed spinach. As you've probably seen on the restaurant's website, prices are high but comparable to similar restaurants. Parking, either across or slightly down the street, is easy. I'd highly recommend you make reservations well in advance for dinner, given the restaurant's rather recent surge into popularity.The ribeye and NY Strip were both done very well although I felt like too much butter was used. So much so that it took away some of the flavor of the steak. The carpacio and who dat shrimp were both very good, tomatoe and mozz salad was excelent. Overall the meal was exactly what I expected it would be, a great steak and overall pleasant dining experience. The cheese cake dessert was not very sweet which was disappointing. After a meal as a savory as steak and potatoes, I hoped for sonething sweeter. 
Definitely on par with other fine steakhouses in the area.Hands down my favorite steak house,ever! I've been here a bunch a times and the food and service is always amazing! We ordered the filet, ribeye, turtle soup, BBQ shrimp, Freddie's Mac and cheese, mashed potatoes (with truffle Demi sauce-highly recommend adding this) andddd crystal onion rings! Disappointed they were out of the pork belly which is my absolute favorite here but it just gives me an excuse to go back again soon ;)
Highly recommend this place!!I have been looking for a Steak in New Orleans that is better than the Ruth's Chris in Baton Rouge and I have finally found it.  Simple and delicious, the steaks at Mr. John's melt in your mouth and stay hot and sizzling until the last bite.  I definitely recommend this place if you are looking for a perfectly broiled filet.  Decent prices. Great wine selection.Best steak in the city hands down. I came here with my wife and everything from the service, apps, salad and STEAK were great. Our server recommended an off the menu macaroni and cheese that had andouille sausage in there. I still dream about it. We can't wait to go back.Awesome atmosphere! Personable, customized service and great food. The best choice in a steakhouse in NOLA....hands down. Our server, Mr. Gindy was terrific! Dessert is a must.So so so good! Incredible meal, perfectly done steak, incredible wait staff (ask for Mike!), tastiest crab cake ever. They also have a great wine list. I will say their reservation dept and phone answering (they don't) needs work and the maitre'd seems short (never even said hi). Other than that, love this place and it's in the top 3 of best steakhouses in New Orleans.I took my boyfriend here for his birthday and was not disappointed. My ribeye was one of the most delicious steaks I have ever had. The side dishes were also excellent, and I was very satisfied with the service as well. I would definitely recommend this place for any steak lover in New Orleans.Went here twice and both times the food was EXCELLENT. Highly reccomended. We got the BBQ shrimp, petite filet, and the Cowboy Steak. Everything was great and cooked just right.  This is by far the best steak I have tasted. It is pricey, but worth it!!We did not have much of an appetite and ordered only appetizers:  Crab cakes and Barbecued Shrimp.
Both were excellent.  
Make reservations before you go - it was packed on a Tuesday night in the main dining room - think there were seats available in the bar.A first choice for special occasions or even an above average dinner when we have a few extra coins to spare! This is the best steak house in New Orleans. Always top-notch service and consistently perfectly presented and mouth watering apps and entrees! I've been to all the big name steakhouses in NOLA and they far outshine the comps! Desi Vega is the sister restaurant with an identical menu but a more contemporary atmosphere! Have been to both and prefer Mr. John's of the two!!! You won't be disappointed with Mr. Johns! 
Happy Eats! -CandyMr John's is outstanding.  The service is impeccable and adds to the dining experience.  After you order they bring a mini meatball to start you off.  I had the crab cake appetizer and the petite filet.  The crab cake was out of this world and the best I have had in the South Louisiana area.  There was so much crabmeat and not a lot of breading.   The filet was cooked perfectly with so much flavor.  I would definitely recommend a visit.  It may be the best steakhouse in New Orleans.  Use Yelp to make your reservation.  They called the day before our visit to confirm the reservation.I went last year for my birthday and enjoyed every second of the meal. They gave us a great table by the window, and everything was perfect. I had the surf and turf (steak and lobster), and it was so delicious! I can't remember everything we had, but I do remember them coming around with some "tastes" of appetizers, and they gave me a little free dessert. I haven't eaten at many steakhouses here, but I feel like this one is under-recommended. I would like to go again soon! The dining room is very small, so I recommend a reservation.
Tip: they serve their steaks on sizzling hot plates with lots of butter, so prepare your clothes beforehand!Came into this dim lit beautiful restaurant and the smell was absolutely delightful! 
I am here celebrating my birthday and the menu has endless mouth watering choices.
My beautiful queen filet mignon with the lump crab meat and I ate the filet blackened with garlic mashed potatoes .. Bon appetite!I recently dined at Mr. John's with my parents and boyfriend for my birthday, and have to say I was highly impressed. The restaurant is cozy and sleek, with mosaic tiled floors and a dimmed dining room. The entire restaurant smells like succulent steak. From walking in the door we were met with five star service. Our server and server assistant were on the ball, providing us with answers to our questions about the menu and prompt service. 
I split the Caesar with my Dad (it's large enough to share) for an appetizer. The salad was crispy and fresh, and the dressing was perfectly balanced with the acid from the lemon with the brininess from the anchovy. For my entree I had the filet mignon prepared medium-rare. It was tender and flavorful. I often order steak rare, as even at steak restaurants the meat sometimes comes out overcooked; not at Mr. John's! My steak was cooked correctly. We shared the family-style mashed potatoes, macaroni and cheese, and creamed spinach. All of the sides were amazing. My Dad and boyfriend each ordered NY strip, and both said that their steaks were cooked as requested and were flavorful. My Mom opted for the fresh fish. She ate everything in her plate, so I think she enjoyed it! The only "meh" moment came at desert time. We split the cheesecake and bread pudding. Neither desert was bad, but in comparison to the rest of the meal, they seemed to fall short. 
If you want excellent service and excellent food, check out Mr. John's!Waiters were very attentive- sometimes coming over to fill a water glass after taking one sip. 
Had the ribeye- chewy, tough, and overdone. Price for this steak was $55
Son had the surf and turf- he is 17 and eats almost everything in excess. The steak was tender, but the surf part must have been cooked right next too or on top of the steak. His steak was "fishy" tasting and he wouldn't eat it. Price was $55.
Another son, age 15 had the filet. His was the best. His was tender and tasty. 
My daughter had the Caesar salad as a meal- cost was $13. I thought this was good. And the portion size was good. 
The sides were steak fries- $7 for 5 French fries.
Mac and cheese- $9. I love Mac and cheese and it was ok. Nothing special. Also had cheese potatoes- I basically ate this as my meal. I thought they were the best thing there.
Overall, I'd say the service was very good. The food was average, rather pricy for what we got. The atmosphere was nice.Noise level from buisness men or who ever the group was...was unbearable.  The matradee was rude and directed us to THE BAR.  when we said we wanted desert. Wound up getting it to go and took it to our room.  If they would have sat us at a table we probably wound have had drinks or wine with our desert...oh well....their loseSat at the bar. Kari was very friendly and attentive.  Ribeye with loaded baked potato was the best I've had in a long timeUNBELIEVABLE!!!!!  Best filet I have ever had, Service was fantastic.  Had filet, fried green tomatoes, and bread pudding for desert.  Highly recommend each of these and a trip here.Local New Orleanian, who loves great food, LOVES this restaurant.
 I have had the pleasure of dining at Mr. John's twice this month. The food is EXCELLENT. The steak was cooked to perfection, the staff is friendly and professional.I recommend the sweet potato side, which is so decadent and amazing.
Just the two of us, so we sat in the bar to eat.
I highly recommend Mr. John's.Amazing food!!! A memorable food experience for a foodie like me. One of the best in NOLA so far. Will definitely be going back!!!Located off the the route of the St. Charles Street,. this restaurant is accessible by public transportation with the st. Charles Street Car. Reservations are required, although the place was largely empty when I arrived at 5:30pm. Service was attentive but the food took time to arrive. 
Food was great. I had the crabcake appetizer and fillet mignon entree. Crabcake was made from scratch and has a great tangy taste. Fillet Mignon was well prepared and also tasted tangy and lemony. 
Full Disclosure: I bought a discounted gift certificate for this restaurant and used it for my meal. I felt prices for most items are expensive.My husband and I celebrated our ten-year wedding anniversary and my birthday at this establishment last night. He had the Braised Pork Belly (appetizer) and Ribeye (entree). I had the Turtle Soup (appetizer, first time eating) and the Two Lobster Tails (entree). Our meals were cooked to perfection. The wait staff was cheery, friendly, and attentive. Ambience was so nice. I wanted to cry because everything went to so well. Tip: get your car parked by the valet. I would come back to eat here again. I highly recommend this restaurant.My boyfriend took me here to celebrate our anniversary and I was surprised to find out that this place has been around for quiet some time.  This is probably the only steakhouse that I've been to who uses real butter! The flavor and fragrance is soooo wonderful! However, the appetizer wasnt at all memorable so I've already forgotten what we ordered. Furthermore, I dont know if it was the time of night or what but in order to go to the ladies' room I had to walk through the kitchen with all the staff gawking at me. Plus I was walking in brand new high heels and the floor was a little scary.Staff was extremely friendly. Started with turtle soup that was very tasty. Split the porterhouse for two with garlic mashed potatoes and Freddie Mac and cheese sides that were all mouth watering. If in Nola I would definitely go again.Overall great dining experience in an old school, dimly lit steakhouse.  Celebrated anniversary and everyone from host to servers were friendly and congratulated us.  Extensive wine list.  Ordered a rose champagne that was delicious and husband said his Old Fashion was a bit on the sweet side.  Server brought out a celebratory meatball with a candle for both of us along with some garlic bread soon after we sat down...both were ok but nothing I'd pay money for.  For appetizers we ordered the Who Dat Shrimp and French Onion Soup.  The Who Dat Shrimp came with 4 good sized stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon.  It was unique and was sort of an Asian fusion dish...perhaps because of the sauce.  The French Onion Soup was a tasty traditional soup with perfect amounts of broth, onions, bread, and gooey, crusty cheese.  The appetizers were the highlight of the meal.  We each ordered a ribeye (medium rare & medium)...it was good but not the best steak we've ever had (as a lot of people seem to claim).  For sides we tried creamed spinach, Freddie Mac & Cheese, and Crystal Onion Rings.  The server brought out regular spinach but was quickly remedied without question.  The sides were all delicious but nothing amazing.  The andouille sauce in the Freddie Mac & Cheese was a unique touch but I couldn't see or taste crawfish.  The onion ring was light and crispy but perhaps a little too vinegar-y for us (we might like the regular onion rings without Crystal batter better).  Good portions and we took a lot of leftovers.  We opted not to order desserts.  Used a Groupon and server quickly scanned the Groupon with no issues.  Not the most kid friendly restaurant but children welcome (I believe there was one child while we were there).  Valet parking available and car was ready for pickup as soon as we left the restaurant.  Would recommend...ok steak but appetizer and sides were tasty and sufficient to make a meal.Blown away! Live in New Orleans and it was our first time. We had house salad and heart of lettuce (iceberg wedge basically). The freshness of the lettuce and tomato were amazing. We split the porter house, medium rare, which is a filet and New York Strip. Outstanding and great value for two. We brought our own bottle of wine, corkage was steep at $25, but we enjoyed our 2009 Shea Pinot noir.  
Apps were asparagus which were cooked to nice crunchiness and the Crystal hot sauce onion rings. Only had room to sample these but the few I tasted had that distinctive flavor of Crystal and nice tangy taste. For desert we had the special berry flavored bread pudding which included blueberries, blackberries, and strawberries. Absolutely delicious! The view of the constant parade of street cars and pedestrians provided quite the people watchers dream. 
Near the end of dinner we saw someone dressed as a roman soldier, scooby doo, among others. Only in New Orleans! Great find, but unhappy it took us this long to make our first visit. Highly recommended. Valet in front!Awesome dinner; onion rings were very good and flavorful, filet Oscar was cooked perfectly, and the brownie a la mode was sinful. Highly recommended this place but book way in advance...My husband and I celebrated our 28th wedding Anniversary @ Mr John's 11/14/15 and it was FABULOUS from start to finish...A night to never forgetWe have been to Mr. John's many times and they didn't disappoint last night. The special appetizer of fried oysters with meunière sauce, topped with candied applewood smoked bacon and fried parsley was out-of-this-world and with 9 oysters could easily be shared or an entree. David started with the soup special, which was a delicious crawfish/corn bisque, also with bacon. We both had ribeyes. They were cooked perfectly and just melted in our mouth. The sweet potato mash needed something, maybe some maple syrup and the mac'n'cheese was just OK, but the mound of thin, crispy onion rings that had been marinated in Crystal, were fantastic. They were not the least bit greasy, very flavorful with just a little tangy. Our waiters, Aaron and Tony were attentive without being intrusive. It was a wonderful meal!Mr Johns is the very definition of a classic steakhouse. From the get-go, you can tell your about to be treated to class A service and a quality food experience. I was introduced to Mr. Jones through a friend of mine who's been living here for the last nine months like a local. My guess is is that unless your local you might not even know that Mr. Johns exists.
Trust me this is a place you want to know about.
We went the classic route -- starting with a plate of fried oysters.  They were absolute perfection on the table!  They really just don't get any better than that. Lightly battered, cooked perfectly, with an unusual almondine/New Orleans style sauce. Really spectacular.
It was followed by a classic wedge salad- blue cheese and bacon over lettuce that was steakhouse crisp. 
However the coup de gras was the main course - steak. My buddy had told me this was the best strip steak he ever had in his life -- a pretty tall order to live up to. 
He was right.
I have had a lot of pretty good steaks in my life as well, in some of the most famous steakhouses in United States and even in the world including Argentina. I can't speak for all the other steaks on the menu - but I will tell you this:
The New York strip was hands-down the best New York strip I have ever had.  Absolutely tender and flavorful beyond description. A religious experience. 
Sides were well done and flavorful - no complaints- but the steak was absolutely the star of the show. 
If you're in the mood for a classic steak dinner at a quality steakhouse I would definitely recommend Mr. Johns. Go for the signature New York strip--  it is a super high-quality piece of beef cooked to perfection.
Reasonably priced wine list rounds out the selections. Steakhouse prices pretty much on par with what you would typically expect. 
When you want to get your Moo on, Mr. Johns is a great place to satisfy the craving.took 10mins for our waiter to greet us, 15 mins for him to take our drink and dinner order. We ordered a btl of Coppola cabernet & the waiter read the btl to himself AT our table before explaining to us what it was about. He could've done that discretely somewhere else. For appetizers we ordered crabcakes and the tuna, both ok. We ordered two filet mignon med rare and ny strip med & the order was somehow mixed and had to get our steaks re cooked. Our creme brulee was burnt. By then we wanted to speak to a manager. The manager was too busy drinking and chatting with another table behind ours to approach us and bad move on their part got another server who was clearly a server lie and say he was the manager on duty and asked what was the problem. worst first and last experience. What a joke.My husband ordered the filet mignon. It looked so delicious that I are almost half of it. I ordered the veal alysa. It was very large. It is not diet friendly. I did not realize that the veal was fried. The chef put fresh crabmeat on top. I will not order this dish again. We will return for the shrimp appetizer and the filet!We started the dinner off with the calamari which was mostly traditional but with added olive salad, which was a nice addition. Then we had the butternut squash and crawfish soup, a special of the night, and it was very good. The crawfish had to be local Louisiana because they were large and not chewy! Then we had steaks. I had the petite filet and my boyfriend had the regular filet which were both delicious. 
It's expensive but it's worth it. I had a bad experience at another upscale New Orleans' restaurant in 2014 but Mr. John's reminded me why I love upscale dining so much.
Service was impeccable, attentive but not overwhelming.The food here is all top drawer!  We had the onion rings as an appetizer and were very pleased with that flavor, the spice under the coating was excellent.  The real treat was the porterhouse for 2, my oh my what a steak!  The sizzling butter plates, ala Ruth's Chris was a welcome touch as well.
I plan on being a frequent visitor to Mr Johns!Hands down, the best steak in town.   We went on a weekday night and it was packed...even though we had reservations, it was still about a 20 minute wait.  To accommodate us, the bartender offered us a drinks on the house.  
Ambiance:  pub-steakhouse type atmosphere.  Wood paneling but very cozy.  When you step in, the smell of butter saturates our senses!
Service:  Good service.  Staff was attentative despite the crowd.
Food:  
Starters
1. Caesar Salad:  good... love the large slices of Parmesan instead of the shredded.
2.  Fried Calamari:  when I see fried calamari, I always order it.  This one was different but really good still.  Crispy and tender with a olive mixture and Mariana sauce.  I'm not a fan of olives so I could of lived without them.
Entrees:
1.  NY Strip:  OMG! seriously great!  The steak comes out on a hot sizzling butter dripping plate.  It was the most tender, perfectly cooked and seasoned steak I've ever eaten.  The great thing about this steak is that because it comes out on a extremely hot plate, the steak stays hot the whole time unlike other steak places, when you get to the middle, the steak is somewhat cold already.  But if you love butter, you'll love that the steaks at Mr. John's are cooked in it!
2.  Crab Meat Ravioli:  Another great dish!  It homemade ravioli in a butter sauce.  There are about 6 pieces of huge ravioli on the plate, which was more than I could eat.  
Sides: 
1.  Garlic Mashed Potatoes:  Good but I still like the mashed potatoes at Morton's better.  I was eying the Potatoes Gratin but next time it will be on my table!
Overall, Great Food!  Its expensive but well worth the price.  A must try to meat lovers but remember to make reservations!Mr. John's is superb. I've been here about six times, and each time the steak was cooked perfectly to order, sizzling in clarified butter on a hot plate. For guests who don't eat meat, don't worry. Their seafood dishes, though usually limited to the catch of the day or lobster, rival any seafood restaurant in the city.  Their sides are amazing, too, and and the service is always solid. In fact, my only potential criticism is that sometimes the staff are so attentive, that sometimes you actually want them to hang back and stop checking up on you. But if you like quality service, that's a good problem to have.Perhaps the best steaks in New Orleans. Food is ordered perfectly with great service and a fun place to have dinner. 
Mr. johns and Desie Vegas steak is same owners and have the same great food and great service. 
I have had steaks in many places in Nola, this one takes the cake.After hearing rave reviews about this place from friends, I finally got a chance to experience the awesomeness when Lum treated me here for my birthday.  There may be more famous steakhouses in New Orleans, but not one of them will have better food or service than Mr. John's.
THE GOOD
Ambiance:  The moment you walk in, you know you're in an Italian steakhouse.  Tiled mosaic floors, wood-paneled walls, bare-bones decor...it's like you're eating in 1920s Chicago.  And an even better plus: it was not dim in the restaurant.  I could actually see the menu without straining because of the darkness, unlike some steakhouses in this city *cough* Ruth's Chris *cough*.
Price Point:  Is it more expensive than a typical dinner out?  Of course, but compare the steak prices here to other fine-dining steakhouses in the city or around the country for that matter.  I was pleasantly surprised by all the prices on the menu as they were all lower than what I expected, and certainly less expensive than the bigger-name places.  Appetizers all $12 or less, salads all under $10, with a 10oz USDA prime filet mignon only $39?  That is more than fair folks.
Spinach Salad:  Perfect cold dish between apps and steaks.  Fresh spinach leaves, perfectly crisp bacon pieces, non-overbearing vinaigrette.  Even better, since we were sharing the salad they split it into two bowls for us and put the ridiculously-tasty gorgonzola cheese on the side (due to the GF's diet restrictions).  Nice little touch that did not go unnoticed.
Sides:  Both the asparagus and garlic mashed potatoes were done very well, especially in the way they were able to complement the steaks: no overpowering flavors, not even from the mash.  Another nice added touch was not cooking the asparagus in butter (their usual method).  It really takes very little for the chef to make accommodations like that, but it goes such a long way in pleasing the customer.
THE GREAT
Cowboy Steak:  Twenty ounces of bone-in ribeye AMAZING-NESS.  In my opinion, the best cut of steak possible, rarely offered at chain or even non-chain steakhouses since they tend to stick to the boneless ribeye.  Why is the bone-in legendary?  More robust flavor, more marbling, more meat texture...more everything in comparison to the boneless, and Mr. John's Cowboy Steak certainly delivers all those characteristics and then some more.  On their menu, they state that "steaks are seasoned with a little salt and pepper because a steak like this needs nothing else."  It's like they can read my mind and hear my heart's desires.  Perfect medium-rare temperature ALL THE WAY THROUGH, perfect amount of seasoning so you could truly taste the steak.  Utterly amazing.  Best piece of beef I've eaten since Morton's porterhouse about 11 years ago.  Actually, it's probably better.
Filet Mignon:  Ten ounces of the most tender filet I've tried, period.  I think in all the years I've eaten steak, I've never had the opportunity to eat USDA prime filet.  Most big name places don't serve it (what you get is usually choice) and at places where they have had it, I usually go with the ribeye anyways.  While the bone-in ribeye holds the dearest spot in my heart, this filet really gives it a run for the money.  Almost melt-in-your-mouth tender, again with perfect medium-rare temperature and excellent simple seasoning.  Mr. John's truly knows how to respect and pay homage to their beef.
Peppercorn Crusted Yellowfin Tuna:  Even the apps were excellent.  The peppercorn on the outside of the tuna sear really made the fish pop and have that extra depth that is sometimes lacking in raw foods.  The Asian slaw was a perfect complement to the tuna, and the citrus-ginger soy sauce just sent the dish over the top.  The combination of all the flavors worked very well together, and you could tell that whoever came up with the dish truly understood what it meant to have food items complete each other.  Very inspired appetizer.
Duck Confit App Special:  At first glance, this was nothing super special.  Even as separate entities, the duck, the grits, and the vegetables were good, but not great.  Put it all on one fork, however, and it became phenomenal.  Once again, the chef absolutely meant for all 3 parts of the dish to be eaten in one bite, and it made total sense.
Service:  Knowledgeable about the menu?  Check.  Personable and relatable?  Attentive without being overbearing?  Able to cater to specific dietary needs without prompting?  Did the extra little things that enhance a dining experience?  Checks all around.  Mr. John's does not offer the fanciest service in town, but their servers really know how to help make your meal as pleasant and memorable as possible.
OVERALL
Is there any question as to how much I loved eating at this steakhouse?  I'm so thankful to Lum for taking me here, and so thankful to Mr. John's for living up to my already-high expectations.  Steak-lovers:  Try it.  You'll love it.I was really looking forward to this place after everyone told me how amazing it was. We reserved a group of 8 for a Friday night. There's valet if you circle around a few times and can't find parking. It's a bit fancy white table cloths, dim lights. It's great for a date night for sure. 
*Apps
Sizzling Crab Cake - by far one of the best crab cakes! Loaded with crabmeat with the perfect amount of spicy mustard!
Braised Pork Belly - very interesting to say the least, not sure I would order this again. 
Fried Green Tomatoes with Crabmeat - very fresh with good portion.
Who Dat Shrimp - ehh, exactly like the description. I didn't even notice or taste the crabmeat,  not worth the price
*Entrees
Ribeye
Porterhouse for two - HUGE, it's worth it. + side of truffle butter, soooooo goood. 
*Sides
Potato Au Gratin
Freddie Mac & Cheese - pretty tasty
Asparagus 
*Dessert
Bread Pudding - Thissssss was the savior! I would come back for this, and only this. 
*Disappointment 
My ribeye was very chewy. The ONLY compliant. 
*Service
So our server had tons of personality for sure. He was very accommodating and attentive. The last two of our friends were a bit late and we didn't realized they closed at 9:30. Our server noted that the kitchen was waiting on our entree orders earlier on... At that point, we felt rushed. So we went ahead and ordered our entrees around 8:50 and our friends arrived ten minutes after. They also ordered immediately as they sat down. I think our food quality suffered a bit because we ordered really late and the kitchen didn't put as much love as they could have. 
I only gave this place 4 stars because of our server! If it was just for the food, it would've been a 3. I can't say I hated this place because there were some good dishes. Our bill summed up to $800, which I couldn't say was that worth it. Crab cakes and bread pudding would be the only TWO reasons I would come back.Mr. Johns is hands down, my favorite restaurant in New Orleans. It has been for YEARS! I remember like 10 years ago (can't remember if it was before or after the storm) when it would almost always be empty when I went in. Not anymore!! The food is awesome, the service is on point, and I haven't ever had less than a great experience there. I wish I liked it less, my wallet would be happier!!What can I say, Mr John's is always really good.  Went for a business dinner during the week and while we had a large 14 person table, everything came out on time and together. I had the Caesar salad and ribeye, both were amazing.  Had a number of passed sides including the onion rings (amazing), mac-and-cheese (good), creamed spinach (great), potatoes (good).  Also had a bonus appetizer on the house, a single meatball, it was really good.  Need to try the Italian food here one day, but can't tear myself away from the steaks.The food was very good it was like 220 for us 3 but we ordered 3 steaks and 5 sides I did like the fillet better then the big steak tho I must sayNYE 2013! 
I made the reservation in October for NYE Dinner. Reservations were filling up quickly so make them early for major holidays. Through opentable I got a reminder email about my reservation and the restaurant called to make sure we were still coming the day of. 
The food was bursting with flavor. I had crab cakes and lobster my friend had who day shrimp and veal 
Amazing! 
The salad was amazing 
Everything was perfect 
The wait staff was very attentive 
The ambiance was nice 
I definitely recommend for those who wasn't a finer dining experience at the fine dining priceAll I can say is this place was amazing!!! Service was superb, everything was cooked exactly to our liking!!!It was good. Don't get me wrong. I just did not get the Wow factor I was looking for from the reviews we saw. Maybe because it was a Tuesday night? I'm giving them a 3 out of 5 .Mr. John's gives you everything you'd expect from an old-school steakhouse: plush surroundings, expertly cooked meat, melted butter sizzling on ludicrously hot plates, 14,000 calorie preparations for spinach, and a solid wine list (including a good by-the-glass selection).
Logistics - we valet parked at the adjoining hotel. When I asked if that was ok and what the charge was, the attendant shrugged and took our keys. I assumed this meant either parking was free or my car was being stolen, and since we got our car back after the meal, it turned out to have been free parking.
More logistics - make a reservation! The place was crowded, with a 45-60 minute wait even at 7:30 on a Thursday night. The secret: the bar and lounge serve a full menu! Although the lounge was booked up for a private event, we cozied up in the bar to wait for at able and slipped into a couple seats within ten minutes.
Food - as I said, the food is luxurious and calorific. If you are eating out in New Orleans, whether as a visitor or a native, you have already made your peace with butter and cheese and cream - a requirement for a meal here. We started with turtle soup, a local fave and well done here. For an entree, I got the cowboy steak: a bone-in prime ribeye which serves as my staple steak order in Seattle. Served here topped with melted butter, I found it almost too rich. Don't get me wrong - it was great and it was exactly what I had ordered - but I will choose differently next time. My girlfriend had the NY strip, which was outstanding, richly flavored with a perfect sear and meltingly tender. I would recommend it absolutely as the go-to steak at Mr. John's.
The bartenders were gracious and attentive - at first it felt like we were imposing a bit by eating a full meal at the bar, but they warmed to us, talked enthusiastically about wine, and steered us to some great eats and drinks.
It was a great meal at a great restaurant, and that's what earns four stars from me. A definite on my go-back list when I'm in the mood to eat land meat.