Yeaahhhhh the same owner, company or not as the MrBubble on the Westbank, idk; anyWHO something of that nature. 
But located in WORLD FAMOUS CANAL STREET, easily accessible to yours truly; and I'm loving it. All the bubble tea my little heart desires. And the flavors: mango, red bean, kiwi...
Banh Mi, bubble tea, spring wraps & all that jazz. I'll have to make my way back to have some of these good, good fixings. 
I love the fresh, open feel of the seating area. Mini round tables are great for solo eating or dining with a friend. 
I found pricing to be fair; and I like the ability to purchase items via electronic means, hello, who carries cash now-a-days????
Once again, located on ALWAYS busy Canal St, parking is tight and if you do find a spot, you'd better feed the meters... FYI, beware, meter maids come out of NOWHERE.They can make a good Banh Mi here. The veggies are fresh and the meats are prepared with a ton of flavor. As NOLA is a boba desert and Asian food desert at that, Mr. Bubbles is an exciting find. Taro milk tea was good, though the boba was too chewy. Another time, I had the strawberry milk tea, and the boba was perfect. The addition of strawberry pieces in the drink was great. The larger size is just around $4 with additional charges for toppings. I think I reached over $5 the other day for a boba, but I'm not complaining. I need a boba fix once in a while. Banh mi's are inexpensive for lunch and service is pretty quick.  Hats off to Mr. Bubbles, whoever he is. 
Side note: During the water boil advisory, they made their coffee with bottled water. How cool of them.Great honeydew smoothies. Cute lil place and excellent customer service.will be back!!!I was really disappointed with my food because of all these great reviews and knowing that NoLa has a big Vietnamese presence (so you expect great things). The bubble tea I ordered was probably one of the worst I've had. The bubbles were way too overcooked, the coffee I got it with was okay but the bubbles just threw off the whole drink. The banh mi was TINY and didn't taste that authentic. I will say that the interior was really clean and service was fast/friendly.Found this place by accident, but omg I'm glad I did! Love the food and staff are very friendly/professional.. which you do not see a lot of in New Orleans.Loved the vibe here. Instantly, when I walked in, I fell in love with the atmosphere! My cashier was so accommodating, and he definitely made sure my friends and I were comfortable. He made sure we knew what we were getting ourselves into and helped us along the way! Questions were very welcomed and answered very nicely! If you're not familiar with bubble tea at all or even a certain flavor, they will provide a small sample! There's an array of flavors to choose from, like any other bubble tea store, and they serve milk teas. You can combine flavors, as well. They also serve add-ins, such as fruit-flavored "popping bubbles", tapioca, and lychees.  For my lactose-intolerant/vegan peeps, they have dairy-free options, which is a plus! They have traditional choices of banh-mi, and they also many vegetarian/vegan banh-mi options, which won my heart, of course! They also have a mini display of pastries, such as milk buns. My friend had the red bean and coconut with tapioca, and I had the simple avocado with tapioca! I will definitely come back all the time!The bubble milk tea is the only one that I can find in NOLA. Since there is no any other boba tea I can find, we tried it. The tea is fine with tasty milk. The toppings is not good as we imagine.Very pricey. Prob the part of the town. Hard to chew. Not tasty. Disappointed and tried once and will not come back. One of the low quality bah mi i ever had. From houston, so I was spoiled with great bah mi. The best i have in NOLA has to be doung phongWhat a pleasant surprise!   Came to town for the theatre.  Found Mr. Bubble cafe to eat lunch before hand.  Service was fast and polite, place was super clean, and food was fresh and delicious.  Bonus was no wait and seating was available.   Will come back.I usually get my breakfast sandwich at subway before a long day of studying but this morning subway didn't open on time so I tried Mr. Bubbles. 
The people working there are always extremely friendly and helpful, the building looks new and clean, and the food is always prepared quickly.
Best discovery this morning! BOMB egg and cheese on croissant sandwiches for 3$ with some of this fancy Vietnamese condensed milk coffee. Very happy costumer. Great brain food to start the day, thanks Mr. Bubbles!They were open early it's air conditioned and the food was good !  Bahn mi's are the shit !I love this place! The space is really clean and workers are very friendly. 
I got what the server recommend me which was a grilled pork banh mi with a blueberry passion tea to drink. 
The grilled pork banh mi was delicious! Apparently, it is the healthiest banh mi's on the menu (thought the chicken would be but I was wrong). It had the nice blend of grilled pork and fresh veggies. Even though I am not a fan of fresh jalapeños, it worked very well with the banh mi. It was not overly spicy in anyway. All in all, I would definitely get this banh mi again! 
The blueberry passion tea was the perfect match to my banh mi. This is the perfect drink for a nice, summer day if you want something refreshing. I wish I got the larger size because I drank it so quickly.  
If you are ever around the area I highly suggest you to try this place out!The savior of the neighborhood!  Despite being so close to the quarter, there's a shocking lack of food options in this area, and this restaurant was exactly what we needed.
Fresh ingredients, energizing coffee, and a long list of Boba tea and smoothies, this place has it all! 
Great for breakfast and lunch. 
The staff is so friendly, the music is good, it's a great place to come and get some work done.Great place! I love their fruit smoothies with popping pearls and their banh mi poboys! Nice staff!The jasmine green tea was actually pretty good, but the texture of the boba had a strange rubbery chewiness. 
I didn't get any food so can't comment on that.What a great find, and bang for your buck.   These folks get their bahn mi bread from Dong Phong, so that was the first bonus.   Dong Phong is known as one of the best bakeries in this city / out in the east.   So that immediately got my attention.
     Immediate service, and food comes out fast.   I had a BBQ pork Bahn Mi, and it was tasty, fresh and perfect size.   Cost wise, this makes this a great lunch place, with the vietnamese iced coffee I spent about $11.  Thats a good price for lunch.   
    Fresh, Spicy, crunchy outside crust on bread, and yummy tender inside.   I added some Siriachi sauce cause I like things really hot.   I walked away satisfied, and still with money to spend later in the day.  
     I don't do bubble teas, so that wasn't really why I came in, I was told about the Bahn Mi.    I recommend this for lunch new orleans.   Simply fresh and wonderful.Everything on the menu is great! You can't really go wrong with any of the options. If you plan on getting a quick bite without getting that "restaurant" smell, this is the place to go.
What I recommend?
Banh Mi Thap Cam (combination)
Banh Mi Nem Nuong (sliced BBQ pork)
Passionfruit Tea
Mango, banana, kiwi, spianch green smoothie - GoodCheap/reasonable prices for bahn mis and for bubble teas! Especially for the location. Great tasting too! Only thing is you probably have to park at least 3 blocks away in a part of the city that isn't "downtown" haha, but it's not there fault. Great place!This is actually nice lunch spot that isn't too expensive, the food and drinks are good, and the inside is nice. I'm a fan. I recently tried their breakfast sandwich and it was delicious.Fantastic banh mis and really good smoothies.  I had the grilled pork bahn mi while the boyfriend had the combination bahn mi, both were great especially with their sriracha mayo.  The grilled pork was probably the best banh mi I've ever had.  We shared a mango pineapple smoothie with tapioca pearls which was tasty as well, with good hard tapioca.  I love that they're on uber eats as well.This place is adorable and super clean. I am happy to have found a local place that makes my favorite smoothie. 
I found Mr. Bubble on Yelp and brought my besty here for bubble tea. It is located at a less busy area of Canal so parking was a breeze. 
We both ordered avocado bubble tea with tapioca bubbles and strawberry popping bubbles. It was delicious!! My besty preferred the strawberry bubbles. I like a mix of both, just for fun. 
The krewe behind the counter were on point and very courteous. There were several people picking up to-go orders and they seemed steady but not overcrowded. 
They had several lunch selections that looked good but we had already eaten and just wanted the drinks. 
I will definitely be back!I really love this place. GREAT banh mis and spring rolls. I got the combination banh mi and the tofu and avocado spring roll. Both were absolutely delicious. The bread was perfectly crusty. The best part about this place is the price. A banh mi will run you about $5. Can't beat that price. Stop here for a quick lunch!This place is sooo good stopped by to get a bubble tea (honeydew with strawberry poppers) and ended up getting sweet pork spring rolls and grilled shrimp spring rolls. Both were great ! Also nice and clean.The fruit smoothies here are one of the best I've ever had. Price is fair. Compare to California this is so much better at a better price. By the way, the bobas here are so soft!!! Love it:)Yummmm Yummmm to my empty tum-tum, thank you for making my morning walk worthy!  The variety here is plenty, from Bánh Mì (Vietnamese baguette style sandwiches) to Boba tea, smoothies and cookies.  I ordered #8B Banh Mi Xa Xiu along with Thai Iced Tea and it was a perfect combo.  If you're looking for something that's quick, fulfilling, and delicious on-the-go sandwiches, Mr. Bubbles Cafe has your favorites.I like to come here for lunch while I'm at work. The Shrimp Banh Mi is delicious - very tasty with a good bit of spice. The bread is fresh and soft. Also I love getting bubble tea! The fruit flavors are my favorite. They are pretty quick about getting orders turned around for people on s lunch break, and the staff are friendly and quick. Would definitely recommend!Love the combination, especially that meat sauce.
First thought of it because it didnt have pate, I thought that it was going to suck but I was wrong and wished that I ordered moreOk, bubble tea is an awesome thing, if you are a kid with a sweet tooth.  When you are nearing 50 and a diabetic, maybe not so much.  The thing is that it is soo refreshing and cold and the tea place is soooop cold and nice, I couldn't help it.  I fell in love.  
I had passion fruit tea with mango and strawberries.  Be sure to get tapioca pearls for your authentic bubbles.  We also had 2 orders of Vietnamese style avocado spring rolls, soft crap and fresh.  
Everything here is a step up from normal and very clean.  Clean is a big deal to me and most people.  This is nice and very clean.Drinks were delicious and refreshing. I really like the Jasmine milk tea and avocado smoothie.I discovered Mr. Bubbles Cafe after a co-worker informed me that they sell Dong Phuong king cakes, and that they're conveniently located on Canal St. directly across from Tulane School of Public Health where I happened to be for a meeting that day. 
The restaurant scene in this part of downtown is seriously lacking- making this amazing little cafe a much needed breath of fresh air! I walked over early one morning during Carnival time from the School of Medicine, which is only about three blocks away, and it was a huge perk not having to deal with parking on Canal St. The minimalist interior design utilized here makes the cafe feel clean and spacious; the decor is modern, bright and bubbly; and the overall vibe here is laid back and upbeat. The girl who was working that morning was very friendly and greeted me as soon as I walked in the door. 
Although I was there on a mission to pick up a few king cakes for my group @TulaneSOM and Matt's crew @LSUHSC, I love Vietnamese iced coffee so I couldn't not get one while I was there. They set me up with a bag filled with delicious Dong Phuong king cakes, an iced coffee to go and I was on my way in no time. Their iced coffee is amazing- definitely one of the best I've tried so far. I quickly realized that I should have ordered two, because Matt needed to try this! But alas I was already nearly back to work and didn't have time to go back that morning so I ended up saving half to share with him when I dropped his order off. While I was waiting for my coffee I had a chance to look over the menu and I will definitely be going back in the near future to try out a few of their lunch items- I'm thinking 9B.Hot Sausage Bánh mì with Homemade Sriracha Mayo or 6B.Grilled Shrimp Bánh mì, although I've seen some great looking special requests on Yelp like 5B.Chicken on Croissant instead of the traditional Vietnamese baguette.
This place meets all the criteria for a 5 star review- outstanding service, great food and a fun atmosphere. I highly suggest giving Mr. Bubbles a try if you're in the area, especially if you love Vietnamese food or just want to try something new.Never knew this place was so close by my work place. I usually work at the time they are closed for the day. I wanted some Thai Tea and the nice gentleman that helped me that day asked if I wanted with ice or frozen... I've never had it frozen and it was so good. I want to come back and try out their Banh Mi poboy the next time I have a chance.It did not seem busy so I was thinking of walking by. I like this place a lot I feel like the food could've still had more flavor however the servings were very generous and the atmosphere was quite nice. It's right by Mosaic so the lighting is on point with the white flooring. The strawberry infused black tea  with boba was actually quite sweet and the boba was soft. The only disappointing thing was lack of flavor!Banh mi is great but be careful with smoothies, I asked them if it was made from real fruit and he said yes. But it's totally not true, I ordered mango and didn't see any mango in my smoothie, just artificial flavor and yellow color, it didn't even taste like mango!Did not disappoint. Ironically one of my fave meals in the south even though it's not southern or creole food. Got the lemongrass tofu banh mi and lychee mango jasmine green tea with boba. The banh mi was fresh and tasty my only issue was that I couldn't taste any lemongrass at all even though that was supposed to be the prominent flavor and the reason I got the sandwich. I'm not even vegetarian but I really wanted that lemongrass taste but besides that it was great. My drink was perfect and sooo flavorful and the value was good. Would definitely recommend and I'd come back in a heartbeat.Good vibes, good people, and good food! Hands down the best bubble tea in the New Orleans area with the friendliest staff. Clean and warming environment, not to mention the Banh mi is to DIE for. seriously. I'd die for one.Needed my banh mi fix and decided to check out Mr. Bubbles Cafe.  There were three pork options on the menu (not including the combo) so instead of ordering takeout over the phone, I went straight to the source.  It's a small counter in a medical building, but clean and welcoming.  The girl behind the counter was very nice and helpful.  She advised me to order the BBQ pork banh mi out of the three sandwiches.  I also ordered a strawberry smoothie with tapioca and the Vietnamese iced coffee.  They had some pre-made spring rolls, but only had the chicken left and I wasn't thrilled with that option.  I was told they would make them fresh if I wanted to wait 10 minutes, so I asked if they would make an avocado spring roll, which they did.  The food was ready very fast, and I thought it was quite reasonable in price.  The banh mi was quite tasty, but I wasn't as impressed in the spring rolls, mostly due to the peanut sauce.  It wasn't smooth or creamy and I didn't care for the flavor.  I would like to see more spring rolls on the menu, especially a shrimp spring roll.
There was plenty of dine-in seating, even a bench to wait on.  Paid parking nearby.  Will definitely return for more banh mi and bubble tea deliciousness!Great service and the grilled chicken Bánh Mì was super good. Been searching for a good place that makes good Bánh Mì and I finally found it! Also, their Thai milk tea is really delicious it isn't too sweet or too bitter it's made just right. On the counter where you order your food they display the different types of tapioca you can add to your milk tea so you can see your options.So happy there is a great banh mi spot downtown near Tulane Medical Center! I've had many of their banh mi in the original location in the west bank (inside Hong Kong supermarket). Very affordable and very tasty. Love love it and will be coming here for lunch more often now that I'm working in the area! 
P.S. they are located inside the BioInnovation Building, just across the street from Tulane Tidewater buildingPretty straightforward what these guys do: Vietnamese sandwiches, spring rolls, and drinks, all made fresh. The options are many within that setup, and it took me a while to settle on a very green apple and avocado boba smoothie. The combination of flavors worked (they let you combine two flavors at the base price) and it was a pretty big smoothie even at the regular size. The spring rolls were likewise substantive, with tofu and avocado proving more filling than the rice noodles and cucumber one sometimes gets with these things. When making sandwiches, they have multiple veggie and tofu options, and let you customize the toppings. All that at a good downtown location. What else could I ask for?We stayed at The Jung hotel for four days and I only discovered this place the last day. I wanted something lighter and healthier after several heavy and sugar filled meals. I am so glad I found it! The food was fresh and tasty. The service was fast and friendly too! Will be back my next visit!So many choices!  We had the Thai Tea and the frozen coffee. It was very good. It has the plastic sealed top on their drinks. We also added boba which was soft and prepared correctly. There are other add-ins like lychee jelly. Service was really good. Great place to try out. Will return.We tried this since we were in town and the raving reviews we just had to. 
Grilled shrimp spring rolls 5/5
I really love this take on the regular spring rolls. The shrimps were plentiful and very well seasoned. They really help balanced the noodles. I really enjoyed them. 
Combo banh mi 4/5
The loaf of bread was huge and baked to a good crunch. The insides were good. 
Mango black tea 3/5 
This tasted more like just sweet tea with boba. The boba was super soft. I prefer boba with a little bite. The drink overall was decent.
Green smoothie 3/5
It was light with a strange floral taste. I did get it without sugar but the floral just threw me off a bit. Very healthy tasting. It was not my favorite but might be for others.This place is amazing. Great boba tea and Vietnamese pivots. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Clean eating area. A must to go to.Very nice and clean! The cashiers were awesome! They were very helpful in my decision making process and had great suggestions. We were only in NO for about 4 days and visited about 2 times. I really enjoyed their sandwiches-- I preferred the BBQ pork one over the combination one. I also tried their vermicelli bowl that was in their fridge near the register and i would consider it mediocre. My favorite overall was their frozen coffee. I loved this option b/c honestly I didn't want seafood/cajun at every meal. You won't be disappointed!Very nice staff. Pretty bad boba tea. 
The tea (around $4.50 if you get boba) tasted like it was sweetened with Splenda which completely threw me off. I love Boba tea but have never had it taste like that..
We ordered Pomegranate Passionfruit Tea, Pomegranate Black Tea, and Peach Green Tea. Unfortunately none were good. We were also thrown off by the fact that Passionfruit tea was a base tea as I've only seen Black, Green or Oolong teas as base teas.
Their boba was also not the right consistency (not firm enough tasted more like jelly than boba) and was the smallest portion of boba I have ever gotten. Ever. Pretty disappointed.Finally made it 30min before closing. Their hours are super inconvenient. Anywho, I ordered the grilled shrimp banh mi and an avocado smoothie. Both were really very good. The pickled veggies and cucumber just elevates banh mi above most sandwiches. Shrimp were well seasoned and cooked fresh. Servers were friendly. Smoothie was delicious. Glad I finally made it over in timeCute little spot off of canal. It's to the side of a business be so easy to find it. I got strawberry boba which came with strawberries, and tapioca balls. It was really good tasting. My fiancee got Thai tea and seemed to enjoy it. Definitely want to come back, and try the food there and more Boba flavors.Great bahn mi, really good spring rolls and boba. Good atmosphere a lil pricey, but well worth itCame in today around 3:20PM,  about a little over 30 mins before they closed. I took the day off because my older dog just passed, so I thought I'd take an afternoon stroll with my younger dog (service animal), who is on a harness and on a leash. If the guy who escorted me out (he was the cook, because the white girl at the counter couldn't tell me herself to get out) just gave me a moment to talk and let him know I can show him his collar or service animal card, Mr.Cook would know that my dog is a service animal. But I did get my word in and I told him he was a service dog and I was just going to order and we weren't staying. But he came out looking pretty upset like I just committed a crime and he notes it is against Public Health code. Dear sir, you had no one dining at your restaurant, and you order at the counter, additionally you will be reported, along with your business. I hope you didn't make a rash decision to turn down a client just because you were closing in 30 mins.
I've been here one other time with my husband and customer service is extremely poor. Rude, like everyone hates their job, oh and the cafe isn't very clean -- to name a few.
The food is sub-par. Their banh mi, although that is what they seem to be known for, is dry and extremely distasteful (hence why I was only coming for a drink). I'm sure you have all the tourists fooled, but this is by far the WORST banh mi I've ever had. Let's be clear I'm not from here. If I was starving I wouldn't come here. It isn't even real Vietnamese banh mi. Where the hell is the fish sauce? 
I don't usually review, but my experience today was worth a review. I hope in the future, the employees/business owner learn to be more empathetic. Learn your public health code rules and restaurant/general public rules. And at the least if you aren't certain, don't be rude, maybe take my order at the front door and grab my card. There are other ways. I will be letting colleagues, friends + family, my neighbors, everyone know about this place and not to waste their money.Good food. I had the tofu banh mi. Nice place to go for a casual meal. I like the aesthetic, though the chairs are a little uncomfortable. Wait time for the banh mi was fine but could have been faster. Overall, pretty decent.Excellent banh mi! I ordered the Lemongrass Tofu and it was delicious. Lots of filling and really great tasting. The bread, which usually underwhelms me was fabulous! They toasted it just right! I added avocado, which ended up being a great addition. The whole sandwich was very satisfying. 
I wish the cucumber and carrots had been a bit more pickled. It would have been great to have that extra acid. I also should have added sriracha, but alas I devoured it at my desk, far away from any hot sauce. 
A great spot to grab a cheap and quick lunch!Generous amount of yummy food for a really great price! 
My friends ordered the combo banh mi and they liked it, but said it had a twist from the traditional banh mi. They said it had a cajun style to it in the sauce. My other friend ordered the spring rolls and loved them. I ordered a chicken salad and it was humongous! It was filling and delicious! Perfectly marinated and grilled chicken with generous portions and the avocado was a nice touch. 
I also ordered an avocado, spinach, and banana smoothie and I was surprised of how big their cup was! In California, you'd never see these generous portions at these prices. It was delicious and was a meal in itself! Clean bathrooms and great service!I'm very surprise I haven't done an review on this small, family run, sandwich and boba shop! I come here practically every time I go Asian grocery  shopping.  
I always get their banh mi xa xiu with no toasting to bread and veggies on the side.  They do stuff the sandwich so you never feel as tho you are just eating bread. It has a pate paste and butter spread to give it a creamy taste.  The veggies consists of pickled daikon and carrots, fresh cilantro, a cucumber spear and thin sliced jalapeños. A bit more expensive than the other place in the east but its worth it!
I also get their boba drinks....i alternate between the strawberry smoothie or the Vietnamese coffee shake. Always add boba cause their boba is chewy even after some time in my cup...it doesn't harden.   
No matter if I already at dim sum next door, this is my stop before heading home to get my fav boba beverage and sandwich to take to work the next day!Everything is good here. I especially love their smoothies. The honeydew is my fave! The customer service is great too!Originally came for durian boba but this location didn't have it. I can understand the locals probably won't have a taste for it anyway haha. I was recommended the taro coconut and I'm glad because it was delicious. The stag is more than helpful to answer any questions. There's even a picture booklet to help build your banh mi. 
Friendly staff and clean environment. Authentic bubble tea and foods.Yummy sandwich's and boba tea. We got the combination and it was great! We grabbed it on the way to airport and it tasted delicious right before our flight. My friends got the black milk tea with coffee jelly and loved it! I got the avocado smoothie and it wasn't too sweet, which was great for me. My other friend got the jackfruit smoothie and said it was good. Definitely would recommend this place. Friendly and very helpful staff!So pleased with my experiences here! The workers are all so friendly and the seating areas are always nice and clean. 
Their Bánh mì is very filling and reasonably priced. My favorite is the chicken. At the register they have a little flip book of what each Bánh mì looks like. The soft baguette, marinated meat and fresh vegetables make such a great combination. I also tried their Jasmine milk tea. My biggest turn off when it comes to milk tea is when it's too sweet but this one was just right and I didn't have to ask for a lower sweetness level! The boba was also soft and cooked well. My only complaint is that I wish they had a smaller size option. 
I had ordered King cakes from Nola Bun Mi for pick-up at this location. They take orders through their Instagram (@nolabunmi) for pickup on specific days. Orders are limited so turn on notifications for their posts! They offer ube with cream cheese frosting and pandan with coconut cream cheese frosting. I'm pretty new to New Orleans so this was my first King cake ever and it did not disappoint!! Highly recommend checking them out.We were initially excited to try their po-boy banh mi's while sipping on bubble tea but was quite disappointed. We ordered a banh mi combo meat, jasmine milk tea, and spring rolls:
Banh Mi: the bun was covered with garlic aioli but we only tasted the butter which did not worked well with the cold cut and char siew; which tasted stale
Jasmine Bubble Tea: you can taste the jasmine tea, but the boba was very soft without any bounce
Spring Rolls: the best tasting dish we ordered, but the flavors were not extraordinary
We may have came on an off-day but we will not be returning any time soon!Back in CA, I had an unhealthy obsession with the Quickly chain and was devastated to find my favorite branch has closed down. 
Been looking for a worthy contender in NOLA for years now and here I've finally found it! Not many places do a decent blended boba drink; they're often not sweet enough, not creamy, the ice is too coarse/crunchy, or the boba is still hard at the center. This one, however, was perfect. Nice strong flavor, sweet how I like it, and well blended. The boba was made right too. 
I tried the taro coconut smoothie with almond milk and boba and have no complaints at all. My only confusion was that I asked if they could do a blended thai tea and was told that they couldn't, but there are pictures of blended thai tea here on Yelp. :/ Hmmm...
I'll definitely be back and I guess I'll ask about it again.Awesome! My only complaint is limited parking (street or lot), but thankfully we went after the rush/lunch crowd and got a spot right out in front! It's hidden in the New Orleans BioInnovation Center so it was great that they had a sign of specials out front so we knew where it was!
They have bubble milk teas, smoothies (that you can add boba too), banh mi, salads, and even a banh mi wrap! We went for a celebratory work lunch and everyone loved the food! The guy at the cash register was super nice and fun and even handled our silly jokes about getting a job there, with ease, so give him a raise for dealing with us! 
The banh mi range around $5-7, with a majority around $5.75 and they are quite filling for a  sandwich! I loved the grilled pork banh mi and my avocado smoothie was awesome! And for $13.60 plus tax and tip the price can't be beat for a downtown lunch spot! Can't wait to try the banh mi wraps next!Awesome! My only complaint is limited parking (street or lot), but thankfully we went after the rush/lunch crowd and got a spot right out in front! It's hidden in the New Orleans BioInnovation Center so it was great that they had a sign of specials out front so we knew where it was!
They have bubble milk teas, smoothies (that you can add boba too), banh mi, salads, and even a banh mi wrap! We went for a celebratory work lunch and everyone loved the food! The guy at the cash register was super nice and fun and even handled our silly jokes about getting a job there, with ease, so give him a raise for dealing with us! 
The banh mi range around $5-7, with a majority around $5.75 and they are quite filling for a  sandwich! I loved the grilled pork banh mi and my avocado smoothie was awesome! And for $13.60 plus tax and tip the price can't be beat for a downtown lunch spot! Can't wait to try the banh mi wraps next!Really great customer service! 
This is during covid times, they had some tables outside for seating, which people were using. The wait time was reasonable. I had the shrimp wrap, which was really delicious, a little kick in it too. My boyfriend had a strawberry smoothie, which again was really good, not too sweet, and he also grabbed a bahn mi - really great bread and tasted fresh. Prices were really reasonable, this was a nice lunch spot.Best bubble tea I've found in Nola!! I absolutely love their matcha green tea here, and their banh mi and wraps are also delicious! I finally tried their chicken and avocado wrap, and it was everything in a banh mi but in wrap form, and the avocado was a perfect touch! It was so fresh with all the vegetables, and their flavors are always on point! I only wish they'd open a Mr. Bubbles in Uptown!!Coming from Orange County CA, I had my reservations about this place meeting my banh mi expectations but my reservations were unfounded.  The grilled pork banh mi was tasty. The pork was well seasoned and grilled until cooked through but not dry.  There was a good bread to filling ratio.
The green tea was weird tasting. 
The chicken salad was also really good.  The chicken was well seasoned with the right amount of umami flavor and the avocados add a good creamy texture.
They open at 8:30am but when we arrived at 8:40 the doors were still locked. We waited a few minutes before calling the store, they were inside but forgot to unlock the door. 
Service was friendly, it took them about 10 mins to grill all the meats and make our order from scratch. Overall a good experience