Please read!!! Tourist trap, Completely and totally overrated and completely did I say completely again overpriced! , the food is tasteless along with small portions, I ordered the grilled seafood platter which I can tell you I'm almost certain nothing on that plate was fresh, I honestly feel robed paying $25 for  a plate of tasteless possibly frozen food then when I voiced my frustration to the waiter all I got was "well that's the way it is" like he already knew this, which made me mad, I eat out all the team when i travel or at home i dont mind spending alot of money on food but I refuse to waste money as I did when I visited this restaurant,  this place is a rip off, four star price with drive through quality food, I was really excited to go here, now I am sure i will never return or recommend this place to any friends or family, I recommend Deanies Seafood!!! on Iberville st. for any first time visitors to Nola like myself or any one looking for a quality fresh cooked meal not some frozen box filth.I went there twice in January 2012 while in New Orleans for a convention. The first time was for supper on a Saturday evening; I went there mainly because it was nearby my hotel (the Embassy Suites) on Julia Street. As I recall, I was seated immediately, but, seemingly since I was by myself, I was ignored for about ten minutes. That gave me enough time to notice that the establishment was not very clean. Eventually, a server attended to me, at which time I ordered a beer (a Red Stripe, I believe). After looking at the menu -- and noticing just how very expensive all the entrees were, mostly over $20 -- I settled for a bowl of gumbo for $13. After a fairly short wait, the gumbo was thrown in front of me. Having had gumbo prepared by native Cajuns before, I found this gumbo to be heavy on flavourless broth. I was not impressed. This "meal," with the $7 beer (even for an import, VERY expensive for New Orleans!) and automatically added 20% gratuity, came to $22. A few days later, a couple of friends/colleagues and I returned there for lunch; they insisted that they wanted to try Mulate's, so I reluctantly acquiesced after warning them that it was not at all up to the hype. This time, a lunch menu was available, if I recall correctly, and the prices were still very high. Unfortunately, this time, I was quite hungry, so I had to bite the bullet and order the muffaletta lunch, which included the muffaletta sandwich and fries. I also ordered a Red Stripe again. Overall, the portion sizes were small, and the food was very bland in flavour. It was particularly unimpressive when the bill came to $27. There is a place in Illinois where I attended university (known to be a bit on the expensive side) that has this exact lunch for $12 total. I cannot recommend Mulate's. They may have Zydeco bands playing there at night, but that same scene can be found countless other places in the city, including in the nearby French Quarter. As for food, if you're near the convention centre, there are Cajun "fast food" joints on the riverwalk just a couple of blocks away that offer more flavourful food/drink, larger portion sizes, and much cheaper prices than Mulate's. Go there. Or walk or take the trolley to the French Quarter.Food was good. Home style cooking across the street from the Riverwalk. Had the fried sampler. Pretty simple yet flavorful. Compared to many of the upscale modern culinary options close by it's a change of pace if you're looking for comfort and authentic N'awlins flavor.Great atmosphere for family dining and dancing--even the littles were dancing all night!  The food was great and don't skip dessert! The bread pudding was the star of the meal ;) My group thoroughly enjoyed our evening of food and Cajun music!! We will be back our next trip to NOLA!This unfortunately was the worst place I've eaten in New Orleans. I gave this place a try even after the mediocre reviews just because maybe they might have tried to improve some things but I have never had red beans and rice soooo bad. I honestly wish I had gone to Popeyes and got it, would have been so much better. The fried catfish was blah but the bad red beans and rice made me so upset I couldn't believe it! People come to New Orleans to eat, if you can't provide a great dining experience particularly around a local favorite here....you should really question what is going wrong in your establishment.Unimpressed, unfriendly staff with sub par food. Music was great and that is the only upside here. Many many more $$ restaurants in NOLA ..This could have been even better than I expected but after getting a couple recommendations from locals to try this place, I was a little disappointed. Granted I was in for a conference with thousands of nurses and I know many places were super busy due to us but when I order food I don't think it should come out luke warm which is what my jambalaya came out like so I had to send it back. Two other nurses also had the same problem but they did not send theirs back. My jambalaya was very good  but felt like the service and everything could have been better.2 Dishes: Panéed Chicken Pasta and Grilled Chicken Pasta
2 Bites
2 Words: Life ChangingAwesome catfish, and Stacy provided exceptional service.  First time here, and would recommend for lunch.This was one of the worst experiences I had in New Orleans. Our waiter was worse that bad. First of all, when we came in, it took him 15 minutes to come to our table. Then it took another 10 minutes for him to bring our drinks and it took him 25 minutes to bring out salad dressing for my salad.  We were in the restaurant for one hour and fifteen minutes before we got our food, which was average.
Then, he just disappeared. And, since we were a party of eight, we had to pay the stupid 18 percent tip for the bad service. We complained to the manager (who had to bus our table because this guy was so bad) and he didn't seem to care. Do yourself a favor. Find somewhere with better service and better management. Totally not worth it.Me gusto el ambiente, la atención, los platos y los precios, en contra que cierran temprano y que alguien vio un ratoncillo (yo no lo vi) pero les comparto el dato.Mulates is a place I seem to end up at almost every time I'm in New Orleans. The Po Boys are very good and service is generally quick once you get a table. The lunch rush can be really busy and waiting 45 minutes is not unheard of. 
This is close to the convention center so a lot of lunch traffic comes from there.  It's a nice change from a $9 hot dog in the convention center!  If you wait until a little after 1:00 pm for lunch, your wait will be much shorter.The service was above par! I love Jeremy at the bar! Very attentive and good at multitasking with bar orders, to go orders, and drinks! I cannot say enough good things about him as a bartender!! I later called while busy and David quickly accepted my call not knowing what he was getting into. Only reason for the 4 was the alfredo had separated by the time I received my food by no fault of my server, Jeremy. Super busy with graduation parties so food runners were probably behind! I get that understanding the food industry but I was taken care of with that happily!! It was such a pleasurable experience even if not perfect! Things happen but what matters is service!!! They provide!Not terrible but for the price the food was bleh. It's a shame that in such a prime location that tourists frequent they are unwilling to innovate and show what New Orleans cuisine is really like. Honestly Copland's is better for the price. If your a tourist, do yourself a favor, travel down magazine and go to shyas or brigtsens both great non offensive versions of New Orleans cuisine, one traditional and the other innovative.Service was fine but the food was less than good. Four adults and all of said we wouldn't be back. Jambalaya was dry as the desert, swear it had been there since lunch.
Only thing that was good was the French bread and the music.Delicious food, unfortunately overpriced but it's about a block from the Convention Center and lots of hotels. I always had unwaveringly friendly, quick service at both tables and the bar. 
The clientele seemed to be mainly tourists during the lunch and dinner rushes, and mainly locals between typical mealtimes. The atmosphere was nice and casual, got loud at times but great band in the evening. 
Bite Sized Catfish- very tasty! While they're fried you really can't tell, they're not oily at all, which I appreciated. You get a whole basketful, enough to share between a few people at least.
Zydeco Meat Pies- yummy little meat pies. Nothing really "zydeco" about them, not very spicy at all. 
Zydeco Gumbo- good, lots of meat. Nicer balance of spices than most of the gumbos I had in town. 
Shrimp & Corn Bisque- my favorite food here. I nearly licked the cup clean... the second time I got a bowl, which was HUGE! 
& the coffee was nice and dark, better than at the local coffee place.The food here was ok, but our service was great! I'll start with the food: most of it is fried, though there are a few grilled options. I had the grilled Cajun seafood platter and the crawfish tails were virtually tasteless; the rest was mediocre. The one exception in this meal: the turtle cheesecake...awesome!
The service and the atmosphere, however, were great! Our server, whose name I cannot remember, was really honest about the menu and had some good advice on what we should order and how it should be prepared (he likes everything blackened, but if you're not into spicy that may not be a good choice for you). He was funny and chimed in on our conversation whenever he came over, but he wasn't annoying and didn't hover unnecessarily. 
The live music is also great! There's a little dance floor in the back right in front or the band so some adorable couples were doing a little Cajun two-step--a good taste of NoLA.Decent food but clearly targeting tourists as there were TONS of out of towners. We came for the music and dancing and it was good. The band sang my husband happy birthday and they were super nice about it.Alligator appetizers and Albita draft beer. Great location..main courses so-so.We came in here because we had a conference across the street. We ordered an appetizer, our server Tyler, brought us our fried alligator and didn't bring plates, some of the alligator looked like it was shrimp. Then, our boys' meals were brought to us, and we never got utensils or napkins. Our boys went and took them from other tables. The mandarin oranges that came with the kid's meal, looked old and mushy. I would not recommend this place. The service was bad.I was excited to eat some Cajun food and after a quick research I decided to go tot this restaurant. 
I ordered the seafood gumbo which was the worst one I ever had which came with rice...waaaay over cooked, the cat fish was mediocre and the small house salad was the best thing I had with the Big easy IPA, very nice. I ate at the bar and the barman was in such a bad mood, mumbling to himself, he must have had a long day, I felt bad for him. 
(Funny: talking to one of the employees he confirmed that the seafood gumbo was the worst and I asked the barman if my choices were appropriate or u should order other things....)
Very disappointing.ok. Maybe I would have over looked that the food was a bit too salty, maybe I would have over looked my friend's comments that they didnt do fried alligator very well (it tasted like chicken btw), maybe I would have accepted that the gumbo is way too smokey and watery and salty, and maybe I can accept that their food might have needed more rice to balance it out. 
HOWEVER, I cannot accept the fact for charging 2 dollars for splitting a meal without any warning from a waiter or mention in the menu. As the Alumni of my school said, "that is just bullshit."  WTF, Mulate?! 
Though they were really cool about splitting the bill for a crowd of 17 people, its still not a good place for groups because of the overly loud music that plays in the evening. Sure its a sight to see for tourists for the first 5 minutes. but i'm tired of carrying a conversation in a very strugglingly loud voice. Also, there is no option for a round table. (which is awesome for conversing) 
I'm sorry mulate. you just suck. btw, your service was also rude.Best meal we had in New Orleans. My husband ordered the special of the day called blacken redfish?  I forget but he loved it and talks about it all the time. I'm dieting so very overpriced grilled chicken salad was just like any other. If your kid is 2 and Hartley eats just bring him something or let them eat off yours since the kids stuff is 9-12 bucks with no milk!Tourist place ok food, not a place were locals may go. but you'll a  decent time.Came here for lunch because it was near the convention.  The food is okay, but not that good.  I got a fried catfish po boy with crawfish ettoufee topping (about $19).  The crawfish ettoufee tasted moderately good, but not as good as Acme.  The catfish pieces were small (bite size pieces) which was kind of weird, and didn't have much taste.  I had to smother it with hot sauce, even after putting the ettoufee on top of it for flavor.  The po boy bread was nothing special and kind of soft and stale.  The prices were high.  The server was nice though.  You should only come here if you're stuck at a convention and need a lunch place to walk to, but still, there's a few better places within walking distance.Service was bad. Do not order the coconut mojito! Re-ordered another drink and it was NEVER bought out! I ordered the jambalaya and it was very dry and bland unfortunately. No bueno!Our waitress Jaimee was sweet & fast. she was also very attentive. Food was delicious and very authentic. The seafood was soooo fresh I could hear the water with every bite. This is a must stop everytime I visit.One star: because Yelp will not allow Zero!! Slow service even at the bar, poor service , and bad food (over cooked and poorly seasoned). This place has mastered mediocrity. Way to many amazing places just blocks from here ..Total greasy spoon tourist trap. The people here are so freaking nice they deserve a mention. You can find live music most nights. We had lunch which was a huge challenge for my vegetarian self. Everything had shellfish, ham, alligator, or was fried. Might be great hangover food. Either way, you're going to get a huge pour of whatever beverage you order and the friendliest service you'll ever have.We stopped by Mulate's because it was conveniently located near the Port of New Orleans, which was where we were staying. It was also pretty highly-regarded. Still, I was a bit hesitant because it had a meh review on Yelp. Nevertheless, I had an overall fun experience there. 
Because we spent a large part of our trip to New Orleans rolling around from one restaurant to another, we weren't too hungry so we ended up splitting a few appetizers amongst each other. We tried the Zydeco gumbo, which I loved. The etouffe was also pretty good. The BBQ shrimp would have been better if it hadn't been so salty. The boudin was kind of flavorless, so I think that might have been the only miss on our list. 
I did also steal some of the bf's grilled alligator. I tried alligator once before, but I liked it a lot more at Mulates. I would definitely come back for that. My brother's vegetarian pasta was also surprisingly very flavorful. 
I guess overall, the food was pretty good, but I don't necessarily know if it was worth the price. I feel like you can get similar tasting food at home at lower prices. 
I would otherwise give the restaurant a three stars, but the entertainment is pretty fun. They have live music out and a lot of dancing. It was a a lot of fun watching my grandma tear it up on the dance floor. Between that and the incredibly friendly service who dealt with our 21 person group very smoothly, I think I have to give the place another star.7 of us went to NOLA on a vacation and had Multantes for lunch.  Our waiter was one of the worse I've ever had and the food  was below average compared to other places I've had.  I would recommend skipping over this restaurantHighly recommend!  In a four day trip I had the crawfish etouffee twice-- it was that good.   The portions were NOLA style generous and the platter came with a nice side of steamed vegetables.  The location is great-- warehouse district-- along a strip of hotels, walking distance of the superdome and outlet mall.  Why not 5 stars-- staff pleasant, a little slow, not memorable service. #chifoodie #foodtourism #NOLAtourismThe restaurant was mostly empty even though there was a very lively band.  The grilled gator and catfish bites were incredibly salty, as was the crawfish ettoufee.  Even the hot sauce was salty.  Overall, the food could have been much, much better.We only stopped in Mulate's for lunch but it was delicious!  Locals recommended dining there in the evening to enjoy some of the local entertainment as well.  We had the Catfish Mulate's which was awesome, you get a little taste of almost everything NOLA is known for.  I also got a cup of the Zydeco Gumbo, I should have gotten a bowl!  This was the best gumbo I had on the trip! What this place lacks in service speed they make up for in flavor! Highly recommend a stop here.Came here for a dinner around 730 with five other people. We were sat right away which was great and our server greeted us pretty quickly. They had live music playing in the venue was pretty cool inside. Each table had checkered tablecloth's and give a really fun, casual vibe. Our drinks came quickly and the food took about 30 minutes or so to come out, which was very quick for our large group. It's where the food came in that This review lost some stars. I ordered a fried shrimp Po boy and it tasted like any other restaurants' barfood. It wasn't flavorful or anything that I would remember and I only ate half of my sandwich - it just tasted too greasy and not enough like shrimp. My other colleague ordered the stuffed shrimp and they were overcooked. They also forgot a couple of our appetizers and brought them after our meal was delivered. If you're looking for a place that will give you a quick bite to eat, this is not a bad place to go. However, if you're looking for a really delicious meal while you're in New Orleans, I'd look elsewhere.Really good crawfish étouffée. Very tasty and strong Virgin Island Painkiller if you like cocktails. Definitely will go back.If your trip takes you by the convention center, warehouse or lower garden district in NOLA, try this dining place. It's kitty corner from the convention center. They serve down home Cajun/Creole food in an expansive vibrant indoor New Orleans themed dining place I was almost tempted to order BBQ off the bat. I opted for a plate of crawfish etouffee. It was great. I would have wanted to try more in their menu but their serving of etouffee was already rather large for my lunch break. I needed to stay up for more lectures back in the convention center right after lunch.The quality of the food and service is not worth the value of it. The jambalaya wasn't good and it was served cold. The music has nothing to do with the soul and spirit of New Orleans. Nobody from the restaurant knows that the parking outside is free. The service is poor.The bread pudding was very delicious! The alligator was very good! Twice baked potatoes are good. My boyfriend and I were very happy we stopped!We get there (party of two). We see empty tables with four chairs. We are told the wait is thirty to forty five minutes.
OK, we sit at the bar. Service is always good at the bar, right? Not at this place. We became the invisible couple. The food. Meh!Food was not good and seafood was room temperature. Waitstaff didn't come by to check on us much had to keep finding her and asking for thingsThis is a must for anybody traveling to Nee Orleans. I recommend that you go at night when the band is playing. Everything is always wonderful. I eat here every time I come to New Orleans just to get the shrimp. The blackened fish is good but still my favorite is the shrimp and oysters.Food is good. Grilled Seafood platter is our favorite. Good service. We mainly go here for the atmosphere. They have a Cajun band that plays every evening at 7, 7 days a week. The kids love it. They have a dance floor were couples can get up and dance. Fun times for families.This place had pretty good food and big portions! We had a fried seafood platter and split it for two of us and overall it was good! We also had some different appetizers and the meat pies were the favorite for sure! Drinks were alright, my sazerac is not what I had expected, but still okay! Not a bad stop to try some New Orleans and Cajun food. Great service as well!We checked into our hotel in the Warehouse District and Mulate's was our place to eat for the night after traveling on the road for hours. While we were hoping to get some good New Orleans food. That wasn't the case here. We sent the jambalaya back- dried rice with horrible tasting over-cooked sausage (no shrimp or chicken). Their wings had no seasoning at all. The fried shrimp platter was the only thing good. Top shelf margarita $13 and you couldn't taste the liquor. We spent $72 (tip included) and this place wasn't worth it. Go to Mother's the food is  better. We got more food here for $20 less.Great local food recommended for lunch definitely. Red beans and rice with meat is a hearty way to get through the day, especially with a glass of sweet tea.Family friendly and delicious food.  We had three adults and two kids in our group having lunch.  Everything was wonderful and tasty.  We had five different plates.  There was the fried sea food platter, grille sea food platter, grilled stuffed crab, and one shrimp and chicken kids pastas.This place is over priced, the service is terrible, and I was not blown away.  Each member of my party ended up having abdominal distress after eating here.Great food great service, and to top it off our waiter Jeremy was sooo AMAZING!  We plan on an annual visit just to see him again...oh and the food and drink topped it off.This place was amazing. The fried gator and stuffed catfish were to die for. Must stop by.Went with a group of 5 and after a 45 min. wait we were seated. The service was good for as busy as they were. The food is good but not the best I've had in NOLA. I go for the music.I love gumbo and my bowl was large and packed with flavor.   I added Louisiana hot sauce and with the side of rice finished it with gusto!Food was just ok. Servers were friendly. Everything seemed jumbo sized, including the drinks. Seafood platter was massive and so was the steak entree with shrimp. Both were ok. The gumbo had a more gritty texture.Food tastes good and was plentiful for my friends and I in regards to what we ordered. They have a live band and dancing so expect to scream if you want to carry a conversation. Waiters were very busy so it was hard to flag one down. Main let down was the pricing, kinda on the high end.Terrible surf and turf. Weird place!  150.00 for 3 people.  What was good was red beans and rice and appetizer of meat pies.This is an awesome place in New Orleans! They've been around for quite a while and it's located right across from the convention center, so very convenient for dinner if you are in town for a show. The cajun / creole food here is excellent, everything I've tried here is great. And the place is big, it's like a big dance hall and they often have live music as well. A very cool place.After reading Tony K's BRILLIANT review of Mulate's, I'm more convinced than ever that people who bash this place simply don't get it.  
Given how close this restaurant is to the convention center, there's going be an endless amount of customers coming here and, fearful of the uncompromising food culture of New Orleans, they will pick the sorts of meals they typically order at their neighborhood Applebees - and then grouse when the offering from the kitchen doesn't have the consistency of warmed-over ground donkey meat seasoned with Paul Newman pasta sauce .
If that's what you seek when you visit Mulates, keep on going.  
New Orleans had plenty of chain restaurants.
Mulates isn't for you.
If you're willing, however, to immerse yourself in the butter-soaked New Orleans food culture, hardened arteries be dammed, Mulates will offer a rewarding experience and a tasty meal.
Given how uneven the rest of the entrees were at my table, and the resoundingly average pecan pie (what the heck, this is south, you guys should be able to KILL a pecan pie) I can't go much higher than three stars but, still, I can't be disingenuous just for the sake of being diffident - I enjoyed my meal and you will as well, provided you stick to what they can do well.Delicious homestyle cooking. 
I had the Mulate's Muffuletta and it was full of flavor and delicious. The olive tapenade was very flavorful. 
Also tried the seafood sample to try the frog legs. Lots of fried food. The tilapia was bland, but the frog legs were tasty. 
A big finish with the bread pudding with rum sauce. Outstanding!!Not impressed by my experience at Mulate's.  Was in town for a friends bachelorette and we had just wrapped up a swamp tour.  The tour bus driver dropped us off in front of Mulate's and those first off went inside to request a table for lunch.  As I was stepping off the bus one of the girls came out to say they wouldn't seat us until all the party was inside.  I walked in expecting to find a line and there was one other table inside the entire huge restaurant.  So why they tude from the hostess when insisting we all be inside at that moment?  The hostess seemed like a very unpleasant person.  All of the items on the menu were overpriced.  It was ~ $17.99 for a house salad with chicken.  There was zero lunch menu priced items and all of the items were $14.99 and up.  Service was slow even as we remained one of the only other tables in the restaurant.  Shortly after lunch several of the girls complained of unwell stomachs.  Mulate's is not on my lists of places to revisit or recommend.Our first visit to NOLA and this restaurant was recommended to us by the hotel staff at the Courtyard.
Awesome food! Crawfish étouffée was superb, and the bread puddin was incredible. Great service... Great time. Nice micro brewery selection.Sooooo delicious that I have to hurry up and book my flight back to New Orleans! Stayed here for a couple of days on business trip and enjoyed the blackened crawfish tail seafood pasta.Straight Fire Fam
etouffe strong
crawfish strong
twice baked potato strong
crawfish au gratin strong
get the picture. they food game strong AF
shit expensive
try it out doeLoved this place! We wanted good creole/Cajun food. Service was great and food was delicious 
I had catfish mulates and my husband had jambalaya and zydeco gumbo.Blackened redfish was a little overdone - still good.  Not the best seafood but fun place.  When the Cajun band cranks up it is fun. I haven't danced in over 10 years. Got on the floor and had fun.Not impressed at all. Gumbo was served warm and was very watery. Not worth the price.Stopped in through a recommendation from our hotel. Wanted authentic local cuisine. Ordered the calamari and onion rings as appetizers, both were delicious. The shrimp po boy was good but the shrimp weren't fully cleaned. Was disappointed the shrimps "waste" wasn't removed prior to service. Good atmosphere and service.It was a party of 9 i was a part of.  We all loved our food.  I ordered the triple shrimp platter. Skewered, fried, and also in a sauce topped with cheese. Included twice baked potato, homemade coleslaw. Shrinp sauce best i tasted. Good ole southern music and environment.The food was okay however the prices wasn't. The quality and quantity don't match the price.The waitress was not friendly, she was rude when we questioned her...so least to say I went be going back thereWe have liked Mulates for years when visiting NOLA.  The food is consistently good and they usually have a fun band for live music.  Each time we have been back to the city I have noticed the prices keep going up and up.  It is across the street from the convention center so it seems to me they are going for the tourist / convention group route rather than focusing on serving great food at a decent price.  There are plenty of other yummy reasonable choices in the area, so I think we are done.I thought this restaurant was so amazing that during my 6 day trip to NOLA, I ate here 3 times!! The Boudin, Zydeco Gumbo and Zydeco Salad are all truly amazing!! I look forward to visitng NOLA again next year and will definitely visit Mulate's again!I ordered the stuffed catfish. It was better than expected!  Coleslaw was yummy as well.Mediocre food, but a great open dining room with live Zydeco music, dancing and family-friendly fun. The waitress was a little unfriendly. Food was way overpriced and bland. This place misses the mark. It could be so cool if the food was a little better and more reasonably priced AND if the workers were welcoming. How about offering two-step lessons on the dance floor? I love the original Blue Dog paintings.Best food we have eaten in NO so far. Blackened grilled alligator chunks and grilled ousters are delicious. We also tried the cajun seafood platter- that was great too! Staff is very nice and pleasant. We were not planning to have desert but the waitress brought the actual assortment after which we all picked one. Great place.They were great for handling a large group of chemists, there was live music and dancing, and I had a really good pecan brown ale.
I ordered the grilled catfish, which as I should have known, there is no such thing as grilled in N'awlins.  The fish was breaded and greasy (so I think that translates to fried).  My twice baked potato was nom-licious, and the veggies were pretty good.  Also, we had the fried alligator appetizer, which was also pretty yummy, but mostly just tasted like something vaguely chewy in a giant shell of deep fry.It took us almost 2 hours to get a table even though there were plenty of open tables. They would not take reservations when we tried to make one earlier in the week. They only split the bill 5 ways, which was a big problem for us attending for work. The food was okay, but not good enough to make up for the price, wait and rude front staff. The place is very loud with flickering lighting. With so many amazing restaurants in New Orleans, choose somewhere else.Touristee.  Over priced and not that good.  There has to be better places in this town than here! I can get this food in ANY city.....
Again, i got totally locked out of my previous yelp account,  but I live on the road.
Two things really did this in:
1- spices.  No innovation.  I can get everything at the local market. Bland. Lack of piz- zaz.
2- UN-SANITARY!!!!!!!.  DO  NOT get a mixed drink!  We saw servers mauling the garnishes prior to placing them in drinks.  Dipping their fingers into the drinks before delivering them. We saw them outside smoking. ...  Do you think they washed their hands before touching that drink?  I don't.   We didn't see the bartenders washing their hands as they grabbed the mint leaves prior to going in the drinks.
Im ALL for dirty spoon joints, but this isn't one of them.  
Definitely one and done.Good place for lunch. Caters to the tourist crowd and does a nice job of serving up the region's specialties. They were able to accommodate my GLUTEN FREE requirements but did not have a separate menu. The server was not familiar with GF needs but quickly found a more experienced server who did and they advised me of the things I should/ could order (grilled items only). They did a good job. I had the grilled alligator appetizer and the grilled catfish with rice and sautéed veggies. Never had alligator before and liked it; it's a white meat, a little oily but not much. They did not use any Cajun seasonings as they contained gluten. This was a bonus for me as a gluten free diner. Many places don't know that there is often gluten in spices and my server/ the restaurant did.Disgusting: the shrimp gumbo (along with crunchy rice) and the muffuletta were both really bad, and the BBQ shrimp were beyond rubbery.  Save a lot of money and skip this place!Eating here was definitely a treat!! We ran across this spot and decided to try it! It was delicious ! I had the shrimp platter and jambalaya. I also tried the catfish bites and they too were delicious! This place has a great atmosphere and is large enough to cover big parties. The service is not the fastest so that is the only reason why I didn't give it a five star rating. Great spot to go when you come to New Orleans!Service and food were nice and fast but holy moly this place over priced for absolutely underwhelming food.