New 1920's themed bar/restaurant on Frenchmen at the site where Lazizza used to be. Redecorated to be somewhat retro-minimalist; definitely an improvement. I went on Saturday night when a jazz trio was performing with a pair of swing/jazz dancers (friends of mine), which added to the ambiance (they perform Fri and Sat nights). It's a nice change from the majority of other venues in the area which are very crowded with standing-room-only.
We had a great server who asked our food/drink preferences and constructed a whole meal for us, including the BBQ sliders, shrimp and grits, and creole cream cheesecake. I also enjoyed a planters punch (with house-made grenadine).
This a great addition to the Frenchmen Street scene, which has been sorely lacking in good restaurants, despite the opening of Three Muses. The great bar (with all kinds of unique combinations and infusions) and the live music/dancing make it a great place to hang out, as well as eat.I met some friends for a drink here on a quiet Sunday night. Frenchmen Street was abuzz with wandering tourists and I stepped foot into the mostly empty "speakeasy". There was one large table of diners but the rest of the space was deserted. I'll be honest; I was a bit uncomfortable walking in sporting my jeans and plaid shirt ensemble. The place seemed a bit too fancy for the likes of this country girl. The bartender was courteous and did his job well and my Old-Fashioned was the prettiest one I've ever had and probably top three on my list of best tasting. He was not big on small talk and quite cold until later in the evening when we discussed cocktails with him. He lit up; his expertise and excitement for the craft shined through his tough exterior. I haven't tried the food yet, but Melange is a great place to start the night before heading off to a jazz show on Frenchmen. If you like Cure and other true cocktail bars, I recommend trying Melange.New Orleans officially has a total of three cocktail-focused bars, to the best of my knowledge: Cure, Bar Tonique and, now, The Speakeasy Bar (also known as Melange... I'm not really sure which one is the correct name), which just opened (literally five days ago) in the old Chartres Street Bistro space just off Frenchmen on -- you guessed it -- Chartres. 
They're a 1920's themed bar with a focus on super hardcore mixology. As in, they infuse not only their own spirits, but their own waters, as well. So they make rosewater and orange blossom water, and other kinds of water you need for fancy cocktails. Evidently sometimes these activities require the bartender to use a beaker or two, because they've basically got a chemistry set behind the bar. I guess that's how cocktails used to be made back in the days when New Orleans was inventing the cocktail, and Melange is bringing that back to the city. 
I first discovered that something new had opened in this space on New Years Eve, and stopped in to check it out while I was on my way to another venue. They'd been open for two days, and I learned much of what I related above, about the 1920s theme and infused waters and whatnot. 
As you may know, yelpers LOVE new places, so I invited our lovely new CM Joi to come check it out with me. We stopped in tonight (fortunately they were open on a Tuesday! you can never tell, because Frenchmen tends to be eerily quiet on Tuesday nights) and had a couple of cocktails. I had an Aviation, which was good, although it took quite some time to prepare. (You can tell I'm not much of a cocktail person, given my goldfish-like attention span, limited patience, and lack of proper appreciation for a well-made cocktail. I've never been much of a liquor drinker.) But, obviously, this is to be expected, because mixology takes time. Am I right? 
The staff has been super friendly, and I think that once they get up and running, this could be a pretty awesome place. They're hoping to cater to a local crowd, even though this is definitely a spot that gets some tourist traffic. I'm giving Melange a temporary three stars until I'm able to go back and try their food. There were a handful of things on the menu that looked awesome. Looking forward to seeing what they can do in the kitchen.
Overall first impression = So far, so good! This place certainly has potential, and I'd encourage you to go check it out and let us know what you think! 
P.S. FTR! FTW! :)great cocktails, good food, fun retro atmosphere. despite the reviews that say its a tourist trap, every single person around me was a regular. good sazerac, OK gumbo (not thick enough), excellent duck and excellent chocolate bread pudding.For those of you visiting from out-of-town, there are a different brand of white hipsters down here. I'm not talking about the impossibly nerdy 50's glasses paired with tattoos, skinny jeans, and pinstripe vests. These hipsters aren't just nodding at a different era - they are full out trying to live in it (with a nod in the direction of malcolm mclaren's ilk and an occasional wink at the earthy-crunchy set). Usually, they look like they've crawled out of a Rothstein dust bowl photo. But Melange is their speakeasy, where they dress up and drink old timey cocktails and dance old-timey dances to old-timey music. The drinks are well-poured, the music is quite danceable, and the hipsters clean up real good. 
It's all really quite lovely.update time!
so, since writing my previous review i have been looking forward to going back to melange.  honestly.  i really wanted it to be as awesome as i felt that it could be.
this time i went with to the yelp elite event with a friend and had a pretty wonderful time.  the drinks were great while everyone was there, and since my friend can't have gluten we stayed away from the food set out, but enjoyed ourselves all the time talking to the singer and her band mate that were there as well as some of the other people enjoying the event.
afterwards she and i sat down at the bar to have another drink, some girl time, and to get some little bit of food in us.  We both had had several old fasioneds by this point (yes i know, this is my line) and as we were both pleasantly tipsy struck up a conversation with one of the bartenders about cocktails made with crispin cider.  which he eventually put together a test cocktail for us that was wonderful.  we continued to drink the delicious old fasioneds and ordered the scallops and the cheese plate.
the scallops came out first and i would just like to state for the record that they were melt in the mouth delicious and also... spicy!  in the good way.  not in the make my mouth burn for 4 hours way.  we both agreed that they were properly cooked and seared just the way a scallop should be so the natural sweetness of the meat mixed very well with all the yummy underneath it (i know, real descriptive right?  well, just trust me on this one).  we waited a bit on the cheese plate, i think it was pushed back in the order, but we were having a good time so that didn't matter.  i have to say it was a bit disapointing compared to the last time i had it, the cheese selection just may not have been my favorites this time though.  everyone has their favorites.  but i did notice a pickled something that i immediately directed my friend to that she loved (again with my uncommon powers of description.... i am impressed with myself.)
overall, this visit was worlds above the other in service and i am HAPPY to report that the small plates we ordered have definately influenced me to go back.  i've heard they do a brunch... and since lazy nola brunch is my favorite way to spend a sunday.... yeah... i'm thinking brunch.  (maybe i'll have my powers of description back by that time.)I thought this place was average. I had the duck quesadillas for my app which were very good and the rabbit for my entree which was very average at best.I really liked the atmosphere and the live music. The shrimp and grits were very good, the gumbo and oysters were just okay. I give this place three stars instead of four because once we had finished our food, we were asked to leave the table to make room for another party to be seated. I found this annoying and rude. When a restaurant has live music, then it is normal for people to want to linger for awhile over drinks to watch it.Very neat place in Marigny.  We went for dinner and were not disappointed, even though Mélange was working with an abbreviated menu courtesy of Isaac.  The place didn't miss a beat - with the food or the entertainment later that evening.  We started with the baked oyster special, and then 25thHourGal had the salad and Mahi Mahi special.  I had gumbo and the wild mushroom pasta.  Service was spot on - never hurried, attentive without being overbearing, friendly.  Came back a little later after spending time on Frenchman St in a couple of the music clubs and found the Speakeasy Trio and NOLA Jitterbugs to go along with a great nightcap.  As if the dinner experience weren't enough, the entertainment was vintage NOLA.  Will definitely return when we return to the city.I gave 5 stars for several reasons: 1) they let us in after Jazz Fest when everywhere was packed, 2) live music at 7PM, 3) good food (not art, but good), 4)the vibe was great.  A nice way to spend an evening outside the quarter.This bar couldn't be more up my alley if I had written the business plan myself!
-vintage vibe, dark and sparkling, candle lit (natch)
-cocktail list features four specialties (my favorite is a slightly sparkling cocktail on the specialty list) and an entire list of old timey classics...sazeracs, French 75s, Aviations and the like... perfect for the old man lurking around inside of gals like me (that sounds creepier than intended)
-Linnzi Zaorski on the sound system (recorded, but this would be the perfect place to see her, too, as there's a small stage area and I'm told they'll be having music soon)
-mysterious glass bottles, droppers, beakers, diffusers, fountains and the like making up the true alchemist's lair
The bartenders spend a lot of time perfecting your cocktail, as it should be, and the prices are extremely affordable for craft cocktails, lower than many other places in the city. Presentation means a lot here, from the way they outfit themselves to the way they garnish your drink. 
I haven't tried the food yet, and to be honest, as there aren't more than one or two veg options, so I'll be sticking to the liquid meals instead (yes, they have Bloody Marys).
I'm an immediate fan and look forward to many nights spent tucked away here!I went here with a group of friends for one drink on a trip to New Orleans (we are from Wisconsin)... and ended with about 5 instead.  The drinks were great, our bartender (Solomon) was great, and then the chef randomly came in after hours and made us food. We came back for dinner the next night. The food was fantastic, and the music was a bit more my style than some of the other clubs in the area; the dancing just added to the experience.One waitress for the whole place,Every table filled.Drinks were ok.Soup of the day-crawfish corn chowder watered down,Duck was cold and seemed to be microwaved,Steaks were cold,had to send them back.Won"t be backMy fiancé and I went to melange for my bday. I absolutely hated it!! The decor was not up to my standards. There were old outdated strings of Christmas lights and the restrooms weren't even labeled for men or women. 
The food. We ordered the scallops; they were very undercooked. The crab cake was terrible. When I think of a crab cake, I think of Morton's crab cakes or even Deanies stuffed crab. This crab cake was just terrible. It tasted more like cream cheese than anything else. I asked before I ordered whether there was more crab than fillers (cream cheese, seasoning, bread crumbs), he told me no, there was plenty of jumbo lump crab and not much of anything else. That was a big, fat lie. The baked oysters were just ok. I've had better at Landry's and that's not saying much. The mahi mahi was dry and overcooked. 
The music and dancing was great! I suppose if one has plenty of cocktails he or she wouldn't notice the terrible food.This is about the bar only...
The drinks are fine, certainly well-versed in the cocktail revival moment we are all awash in at present. It's not a menu that makes me jump up and down, but that's my problem, not theirs.
It's an easy place to pass the time and revive yourself from the din of Frenchman Street, or if you need a place that's a little sexy, but not trendy.Came here for dinner and jazz, and my breakdown is 2 stars for the jazz, 2.5 for the drinks, and 4 for the food. Maybe even 4.5 for the food, but I'm not comfortable giving more than 3 stars overall, since this is a jazz club, and the "jazz" was one guy playing a piano. He was decent, not great, and the music was really much slower than ideal. The restaurant was pretty empty, which could have been really romantic since it's a gorgeous space, but the depressing music kind of killed it.
Drinks were pretty meh. They had an ambitious cocktail list, but some of their attempts at creativity failed to improve upon the classic versions. For example, the smokiness of scotch is absolutely necessary for a blood and sand, so replacing the scotch with Jameson really doesn't work. Others were just confusing-they had a drink called the last word, but their drink was vodka, grapefruit juice, and pomegranate juice, which bears absolutely no relation to the classic cocktail of the same name. I settled on a negroni to start, which was reasonably well-made but not great, then switched to wine to have with dinner, which I think was a good call.
And that brings me to the food, which was quite excellent. I had the duck dauphine, and the duck was cooked to an absolutely perfect medium rare. I was enamored with the blue cheese pecan risotto it was served with, and the sherry gastrique complimented the flavors beautifully. I don't remember what my husband had, but I remember he really enjoyed his meal as well.
Overall, a really good meal. There's potential to have a very lovely night at this restaurant; I'd just recommend checking the music calendar first to ensure you have a good show to watch. And stick to wine if  you're drinking.Dancing, drinks, excitement, friendly staff, friendly patrons. 
I love everything about this place. Had an AMAZING dirty martini (or 3) needed a cab home after our time here. We felt like we walked into a time warp. 
The band playing was so great we bought a cd so we could remember our awesome time. We will go back for sure!Absolutely Roaring 20's vibe, Mélange is a place that makes me wish I were a drinking woman. Their drinks look really fancy and good -- the bartender was mesmerizing while I was watching him prepare the drinks for the other patrons.
This is also a place where I could see myself coming back to over and over. The shrimp and grits, and the shrimp creole with redfish were really delicious. The white chocolate bread pudding was sublime! And the best part is that they had a trio of jazz musicians performing old-school jazz tunes befitting a speakeasy. Swell!
We were told that the place doesn't have a dress code. Upon walking in, my first impression was that Mélange is a place where you would want to show up all dolled up -- the atmosphere is really very classy. And looking around, as if to confirm this impression, I spotted a group of people in their swanky clothes. We felt a bit embarrassed and awkward showing up looking the way we did.
I was looking as if I were a ragamuffin in my flip-flops and sundress, and my cousin was not looking particularly dapper in his cargo shorts (we were walking around the French Quarter on a rainy afternoon!). Perhaps this was the reason why the waitresses were clearly disinterested in us. Not rude. Just disinterested. The fella who was standing by the door was more interested in helping us out. This is the only reason why I am giving them a 4 instead of a 5. 
Still, I think Mélange is the bee's knees. Just show up well-dressed and enjoy the fun and nostalgic atmosphere.Our local, family of four (two college age kids) tried Melange for the first time last night.  We had a Groupon, and after reading previous experiences of Groupon holders, I was a little nervous, but we had an excellent experience.  Food, service, ambiance, drinks -- all superb.  Some reviews from a few months ago indicated problems with the service, but the management must have made some changes and all is great now!  We actually had three waiters checking on us throughout the meal -- replenishing warm bread and butter, refilling water, checking to be sure every course was to our satisfaction -- which it was.
We loved the small plates options, and will be back again soon.As a vegan, it's been hard to find options in NOLA.  But Melange had great vegetables  as sides on their entrees and the chef made a plate of them for me that was beautiful tasty, and reasonably priced.  It's a lovely restaurant with live jazz and really nice waitstaff.  Will definitely go there again.ok.  i would like to talk about how a crappy service experience can make any wonderful place just begin to rust
several friends & i (10 +) went here one weekday night to celebrate a birthday, this was his kind of place, and well, ours too. we're big on a finely made cocktail, be it a classic recipe or even a new one, we're all willing to try anything you put in front of us. chances are at least one of us is going to be down with the flavor profile.
i showed up at 7:30 to most of my friends already there, cocktails in hand sitting at a long table in the middle. the place looked almost empty besides us, but the dim lights and antique bureau i saw on my way in had great promise. as i walked to the table i saw that all of my friends had already ordered some food as well and so i picked a seat to prepare for a dining and drinking good time.  as soon as i sat down and was handed a cocktail menu the waitress was  ON TOP OF ME.  i suppose that yes, prompt service is usually a plus, but as i had literally been given the drink menu 5 seconds before she asked me what i wanted and i had yet to finish greeting my cheery friends i was a bit of a frazzle.  i asked her to give me a few minutes and she stood there tapping her foot and her pen against her book. ok..... that's not gonna make it any easier for me to think. well, i suppose she got tired of waiting on my slow ass to pick some booze because she asked me again what i wanted. i said i needed just a minute more and she flounced off back to the bar to pick - up the table's drinks. 2 of the 10 they had ordered. there was only 1 bartender behind the bar, but it felt like he was trying his best and she was blaming him for everything.  but that's the way it goes right? WRONG. work with your bartender, not against him. that's one of those rules, one of those ones i took great care to pay attention to when i was waiting tables. also... don't hassle someone who obviously is trying to figure out what she wants but is getting pulled away every 30 seconds. again she came and asked what i wanted and again i said i wasn't sure and i was sorry but it would take a few minutes. i don't know if she meant for me to hear her hmph or not, but i did as she rushed over to the other table there to serve them.  here's the kicker, while she was over there i decided what i wanted and waited politely to catch her eye to explain to her what i would like to drink...then it happened...she turned around and walked right past me looking right through me. ok........... so i waited the 5 minutes til she came back again, this was obvious studious ignoring my very presence. fine. i'll break my cardinal rule of always ordering my booze from my waitress if you're just going to pointedly ignore both me and my "excuse me, miss..." so i did.
i bellied up to the bar and watched the bartender serve up some very tasty looking beverages and hand them over to the waitress.  to then watch her take a lemon slice and put it on one of the glasses even as the bartender was in the middle of saying "no, a lemon doesn't go with that drink." she turned and walked away.  apparently we weren't the only people she wanted to ignore that night.  i ordered my customary old fashioned as i have to try one at every cocktail place i go, just to see how they do it.  the bartender with his handlebar mustache whipped it right up for me and away i went to gather and talk with my friends.  seeing as how it took 15 minutes for my friends to get a drink at the table and 5 even as i watched the bartender make plenty of other drinks in front of mine my friends took notice.  as they took notice they slowly started slipping off to the bar, asking the bartender to put things on their tab for dinner.   now, i don't know if that happened or not, but i know what happened next just...bothered me.  we had ordered small plates, we had ordered entrees, and we had been ordering a hefty amount of cocktails... and we're big tippers.  we may not look rich, but the majority of us have been in food service and know how hard it can be to make enough money.  but this comment.... if i had been ordering from her would have made me angry and also made me reconsider a tip.  she leaned over the table and said loudly "do you all just want your checks now?  cause no one is ordering from me any more and i'd just as soon close you out than have to keep checking on you."  that was followed by a silent "whaaaaaaa????" around the table as a hush fell.  one friend piped up that sure that would work and off stomped the waitress.
what is sad about this is that i tried several drinks and i enjoyed them all and the shrimp and grits smelled like heaven and i would have loved to order it.  the cheese plate was tasty, as was the duck terrine.... but all i can think about now is how pissy that waitress was.  i get having a bad day, even a bad table... but that was unnecessary. i hope that if we ever go back we get to enjoy ourselves without that treatment.Really enjoyed this place... The band was speakeasy and the food was amazing... The mussels were spicy tomato based and the mushroom pasta was really great!  enough garlic to mushroom ratio to be yummy...It was fun, festive and great food...and off Frenchman Street... I will definitely be back during next Jazzfest or when I'm next in NOLA....I was In New Orleans in March for a Girl's weekend. After two days of Bourbon street we were fed up with the wall to wall flesh flashing and way to drunk 20-somethings. We walked over to Frenchman Street where we were told the "Real" people hang out and listen to music. We were not that impressed with the food options in this area and then we stumbled upon Melange. It was off on a side street - some what tucked away. We walked in and were greeted by a smooth jazz band and a clam bar, and you just felt like you walked into the 1920's. Kind of like that Woody Allen movie Midnight In Paris...
Our waiter was amazing! He was chatty but not annoying and had great drink suggestions. And the drink menu - all old style drinks from the 20's. Several of which I have never heard of. When my cousin did not like her choice they made her another no questions asked at no additional charge. The manager Bob came over to our table and talked about N.O. history and why certain drinks are made with gin. And the Food, the Food was to die for. Really great tasty and not overly expensive. Very much worth every penny. If I am ever back i would make a point to stop by again.This restuarant is by far, one of the best places to eat in the city.  My friend and I passed by it every night on our way to the quater.  On the second to last night we finally decided to go in.  We started with drinks which were unique and delicious. Our appetizers were the duck and andouille sausage gumbo and a special pulled pork sandwich on a cheddar and rosemary biscuit.  Dinner was a double cut bone-bone in pork chop on a sweet potato puree and salmon topped with a sundried tomato and core remoulade.  We shared the white chocolate bread pudding.  We couldn't have enough of everything.  The gastronmic pinnacle of this trip was Melange.  Hope you choose this restaurant.Went to brunch here this morning. After being turned away at the door by a non-existent bouncer last time we went, I was looking forward to actually getting INSIDE this time.
Our group of 4 walked in and waited...and waited...and waited....Finally I went back to the bartender and asked if we needed to be seated or can we sit anywhere. He told me to sit anywhere.
I tried to wave my friends over but it seems someone else asked another employee who told them where to sit. 
So...we got to sit.
And wait.
And wait.
Finally got to order coffee. The cups, I have to admit, are tiny. And apparently there are no refills. Or at least we were never offered any.
We finally got to order. Then...
We wait.
And wait.
And wait.
And wait.
The girly ordered the baked brie. Though it was small, it tasted ok...all but the cheesy sauce that had an odd mustard/vinegar flavor. Other than that and the small size, the Girly was otherwise ok...though she really wanted some more coffee.
Her friend ordered the bacon topped waffle. Sadly, she couldn't find much of a bacon flavor to it anywhere. I don't know if they forgot to put it on or not. The candied bacon on top turned out to just be brown sugar. Not sure if that was a mistake or what. Her husband tried it and had the same thought; maybe they forgot the bacon. They actually tried to look for some bacon in there. Just never did find any.
Her friend's husband and I both ordered the Eggs Chez Nous.  Poached eggs on something called lost bread with ham and a cheese sauce.
Sadly, my eggs came out almost totally liquid. I have to say, it didn't really look appetizing at all. Sort of like yellow and white snot. It swished around the plate like soup. :(
And sadly, the mustard/vinegar flavored cheese sauce was on there too.  It really made the entire dish unappetizing. So sadly, 53 dollars later, we all left still hungry and still needing some coffee.
All in all, a very disappointing brunch.
Oh...I gave it an extra star because they had a good piano player and the lone waiter was a nice guy.This must be a tourist spot because I hardly saw any locals in the place.
 It looked so promising online, and some of the reviews led us to believe this would be a great dinner. So we tried it last Saturday.  The issues on service were spot on. The waitstaff really seems as if they're TRYING so hard to please you, only to let you down with 15 minutes left on your meal.  We ordered the scallop martini and the oysters medley - gross, both of them.  I ordered a very popular dish that night - everyone was getting the mushroom pasta, which arrived 45 minutes after rmy husband's meal did (he had the cream cheese crabcakes) because "there were two large tables that came in and needed to be seated." Excuse me? You had to feed other people that came in when we clearly were there first and had made rsv on Open Table? I could tell by the time she realized how long my food was delayed, I was chomping at the bit ready to stab my neighbor's steak and pull it to my plate. She took my plate off of our bill, but I was still really annoyed. Oh, and if you want to know - no, my husband didn't particularly care for his food. He said it would've been better as an appetizer as it was far too rich for an entree. 
We won't be back - but their drinks were good and our waitress Jessica, truly made an effort to please us.We were referred here from people we met our hotel. We had no idea it would ve so amazing. The duck quesadillas were an awesome starter, but we had the filet and pork chop for entrees based on the server's rec. I'm telling you, we eat out all the time, and this was to die for. Don't miss it. Also, the creole cream cheesecake is quite literally the best dessert we've ever had.I had a Groupon, which I noted on the reservation before arriving.  The best use of one yet, I say!  My boyfriend had the Cobia Fish daily special, which he thoroughly enjoyed, and we split the Shrimp Remoulade and Tomato Stack, along with the Cheese Scholar Plate.  Let's move on to my meal.  The entree portion of the Wild Mushroom Angel Hair Pasta with Truffle Oil, was the absolute best pasta dish I have EVER ordered in a restaurant.  I would say best pasta dish I've ever had, but the boyfriend makes a mean mushroom and gorganzola cheese sauce with fresh pasta.  It's a toss-up.  Let's get back to the Melange pasta, shall we?  The entree portion was $22.50, but them mushrooms and truffle oil ain't cheap.  There was a half portion available for $11, but what's the point of just having half?  More porcini mushrooms than I've ever seen in a single dish in my life, coated with truffle oil and butter, and love, and more mushrooms.  There was also angel hair pasta involved.  It, too, was tasty.  So, yeah...it's been two hours, and I'm still wiping the drool off of my chin.  Good job, y'all.  Good job.  The service was also top notch, as was the vocal/guitar duo playing on the stage.  
NOM.Went while in from out of town for New Year's Eve dinner + a birthday celebration. Best meal of the trip. Amazing food, wonderful cocktails, fantastic service and ambiance. I highly recommend.Melange is quickly becoming my favorite place on Frenchmen. The bartenders are fantastic - go with whatever food and drinks they suggest. The cocktails (Dark n' Stormy and Mary Pickford especially) are beyond delicious. The mussels are perfect. Seriously. Get the mussels. STOP READING THIS AND EAT SOME MUSSELS.
I plan to up them to 5 stars once they get a regular live music schedule. When I hit Frenchmen, I'm in the mood to dance, y'all. They have a great stage, so I'm hoping they get their online music calendar up to date and I'll be able to test out my wobbly swing dancing moves in the near future!Melange was another fine dining experience. The food just got better and better everywhere I went.
I started with the shrimp remoulade, moved on to the duck and andouille gumbo, and then had a seafood dish I can't remember the name of but every bite of every dish was spectacular. Absolutely fantastic!
The cocktails were fun and the wine list was above par. Well matched with all the food items, every taste was a treat.
Traditional N'awlins fare with a gourmet twist. Lucky me.Mélange is one of those restaurants I wish I'd stumbled upon years ago; now I just feel like I need to go back on a weekly basis to make up for lost time. 
First off, many thanks to Groupon for steering me here in the first place and procuring me a free $20 worth of food.  The entire experience was top-notch; the duck debris sliders were juicy, the scallops delectable; the bouillabaisse with its side of curried coconut rice was to die for; and the chocolate panna cotta (recommended by our incredible waiter, Monk, and with a rasberry lambic beer) was unbelievable. Their drinks are hand-crafted with homemade ingredients, their wine list is perfectly edited to be paired with their entrées, and the house band, the Speakeasy Trio, rocked our world with their Prohibition-era jazz tunes and swing dancing.
Mélange is equal parts romantic and energetic; it would be a great date spot (probably not a first date as it gets loud around 9p.m.), but it's also a place I would take my out-of-town family for a great taste of gourmetified Creole dishes.Wonderful food and atmosphere and service! Strongly recommend making reservations for a busy night. Loved that there was live music. Would definitely go again!We stumbled upon this little gem one night in New Orleans and had such a lovely time!  Little did we know that half way through our first cocktail, the cutest little couple was planning to dance around to the great (live) New Orleans music in old-fashioned "costumes."  They were SO much fun to watch while we enjoyed our meal - and we felt like we were back in the 40's for a moment. Our group of four shared several of appetizers and enjoyed everything that we sampled!  The appetizer salads were quite large and very fresh, the gumbo was delish and the scallops were amazing!  I also really enjoyed the foie gras, crab cakes, cheese plate and the generous serving of mussels.  The neighborhood is adorable and has a bit of a hipster vibe - a nice break from all of the super-touristy spots in the Quarter or on Bourbon Street.  We didn't have to wait to be seated - and the martinis and wine weren't bad either. :)  I can't give this place a perfect rating though because our waitress was a total space cadet.  Our service was timely so that was good, but she was completely clueless when we had questions about the menu and asked what her recommendations were!Melange is a large and nice space (although they could ideally use some additional color - currently it light brown with medium brown with dark brown) but they do a pretty good job overall.  On my first two visits service was friendly if a bit awkward, cocktails were pretty good, and the food was also above average.  It's definitely nice to have another dining option on Frenchmen Street.
In terms of food, the duck slider appetizer sounded great with pickled peaches and rosemary biscuits but while good it didn't quite live up to expectations on flavor.  For entrees though, the Fish of the Day which was Amberjack was great - cooked perfectly with a nice sear but medium in the middle, and served with a great sauce, mushrooms, whipped potatoes, etc.  The duck two ways was also recommended and was fine - I mean, how do you go too wrong with a duck breast cooked medium rare and a leg confit - but the accompanying sweet potato cubes were bland and the confit had a nice texture but just not as much flavor and richness as I expect with duck confit.  For dessert Creole Cream Cheesecake was good as expected and a nice way to end the meal.  The wine list is not great but cocktails are a perfect way to start a meal - or enjoy on their own.
All in all, I had a couple nice experiences and was treated fairly well at Melange but on my last two potential visits I was treated rudely at the door and no longer care to return to someplace that apparently doesn't want my business.  I understand there are a lot of idiots out on Frenchmen Street at times (such as Mardi Gras day) but to treat virtually everybody with contempt for trying to walk through the door into your establishment just isn't good business.  I hope they're successful, but they don't have to worry about me inconveniencing them with my business any more.  It's an A-OK place, but but not on the top of my list for food, drink, or music when there are so many other great places in New Orleans.I really really really like this place. I, like many others, bought a Groupon to this bar/restaurant. I decided to use our Groupon to celebrate the girlfriend and I's one year anniversary since, well, we're poor and yay for deals!
Since it was a Sunday night, we were able to find parking very quickly but beware if you visit this restaurant on the weekend. It is right next to Frenchmen street and parking in the Quarter/Marigny is impossible already, as we all know!
We had a reservation for 7 pm, and walked into Melange to be greeted by live music. Cool! Looking around, I noticed that the other patrons at this hour ranged from mid-late twenties to middle aged and older. There was even a family in there. Definitely a mixed crowd this early in the night. I would love to come back to this place on a Saturday night.
My girlfriend and I sat down and immediately noticed the cool vibe of this place. The ambiance is great. Our waiter (Thorn? Thor? IS THAT YOUR REAL NAME) did take a little while to come over and take our order, but the menu is small and it took both of us about ten seconds to figure out what we wanted.
I ordered a French 75 with cognac, since I had heard all about the good cocktails, and the wild mushroom pasta. My girlfriend had the catch of the day, which was amberjack over some mashed potatoes (I think).
My cocktail and our waters came out right away, which was great. The French 75 was fantastic! I really enjoyed it, so much that I had to pace myself while drinking it. Living in New Orleans has made me that girl at family functions, always the first one to finish her drink when everyone else is only halfway done. Oops.
My drinking capabilities aside, the only weird part of our meal was the timing. We were given bread, but then about 5-10 minutes later our entrees came out. It was fine, though, we didn't mind since we could use the delicious, crusty french bread to soak up our sauce. 
Both of our entrees were incredibly rich. This place must go through 100 pounds of butter a night. Not that I'm complaining! My mushroom pasta was good, but I am crazy about mushrooms (haha, not the magic kind. Usually.) and the cheese on top with the white truffle oil, mmmmmmmmmm. So good, so filling. I finished about half of it before I had to stop.
My girlfriend's fish was similarly rich, she had a hard time finishing it. She finished it anyway :) She kept going "This is so goooooood, but it's so rich, my tummy hurts" as she kept eating, hah!
We skipped dessert (we wanted to get some fro-yo, which turned into Creole Creamery, but that's another review).
The service was good, nothing spectacular, but everyone that worked there was nice and helpful. Our waiter was adorable, though I think he was a bit disappointed when we asked him to take a picture of us and he goes "You guys are a couple?" after I explained to him that we were from here but celebrating our anniversary. "Well, you guys are a beautiful couple!" Awww thanks, Thorn, you're cute!  
All in all, this was a great spot for a date, even though I chose the most unsexy meal possible (spaghetti is not good if you are trying to be suave and impress someone). 
I would definitely come back here, and I look forward to bringing my friends here next time we are on Frenchmen Street.This place is incredible. It was so good I dragged my mom here when she came to visit so I ate here twice in one week. The shrimp and grits and the duck are two of the best dishes I have ever had, and that's saying a lot considering I have eaten at top restaurants all over the world (although new to Yelp).  The ambiance is also great. The owner is sweet and friendly and they've got some great music!Had the wonderful experience of meeting the owner, Lee. Was informed that the restaurant serves vegan AND vegetarian meals! This is SUPER exciting, and I can't wait to try the chow! 
I will also note that they serve brunch on Saturday and Sunday, which is rare on this side of Esplanade!I had a pretty awful experience at Melange.  I had been wanting to try Melange for a while, and had heard good things, so I was really happy when a Groupon came out.  I have a good friend that I wanted to take there since he had treated me to dinner a couple of weeks prior.  From the beginning our server spoke to us with a condescending tone of voice that was just downright rude and confusing. My friend and I both wondered what on earth we had done to deserve it.
My friend is very particular about corn.  He saw an item on the menu and was asking about it...trying to find out if it was kernal corn or on the cob or cream corn because he hates cream corn.  She talked to us like we were idiots...."Um no...it's kernal corn.  No....it's not cream corn."  But in a VERY condescending tone. All evening, there was just a strange air of being condescending.  We tried to not let it put a damper on our evening.
It's now time to order.  I ordered a steak and explained that I wanted my steak as raw as possible without it being cool in the middle...so between rare and medium rare.  She then explains to me in a condecending tone that that would be medium.  Seriously? Just give it to me rare.  
I ordered the cheese plate, which was really small for the price.  My friend got the sliders and they were just o.k.  My steak was cooked rare and it was delicious.
Then in the middle of eating our appetizers, our entress arrive.  I HATE THIS.  How hard is it to time courses so that you're not stacking them on top of each other.
Then it comes time to pay the check.  I have a Groupon, so I pull the Groupon voucher up on my phone and place my phone and my debit card in the with the check.
I've been using Groupon for a LONG time and this is always how I've presented my Groupon.  The waiter will either take my phone with them and redeem the voucher (which is clearly shown on the screen), or they will write the voucher number down right away and leave my phone with me.  She took my phone with her.
Then the evening really gets fun.  I have a debit card that I specifically use just for going out.  Since I tend to lose my card or leave it behind sometimes, I only put on my card what I intend to spend that night.
The waitress comes back to my table to tell me that my card was declined!  So now I'm not only embarrassed that I chose this place to bring my good friend to and we've already been treated poorly...but on top of it I'm embarrassed that my card is declined.  This is now the exchange between me and the waitreess.
Her:  Your card was declined.
Me:  That doesn't make sense.  How much did you run it for?
Her:  The amount of the bill.
Me:  You didn't use my Groupon voucher.
Her:  I don't know what you're talking about.
Me:  I put my phone with my Groupon voucher pulled up in with the check.
Her:  How am I supposed to know why you gave me your phone.  You should've told me you had a Groupon.
Me:  So it didn't seem odd to you that I GAVE YOU MY CELL PHONE.
Her:  I had no idea why you did that.
Me:  It didn't occur to you to ask me why I put my cell phone in with the bill?
Her:   No
Considering that the vouchers were sold over a month ago, I'm confident that 
the wait staff at this point knows what a Groupon is and how they are typically presented.  And if she didn't...why not ask me?  She was 100% antagonizing us at this point.
The polite correct response should've been, "Oh I'm so sorry. I didn't realize what the phone was for. I hadn't gotten a Groupon that way before. Let me take care of this now."  That is good customer service. Not arguing with a customer about what they should've done in order to not endure her mistreatment.
Then I show her the Groupon that I have and give it to her again.  She comes back and tells me that I can't use it because it's only good for 4 or more people. I always review my Groupons carefully and I don't see that restriction on there.  She gets the manager and they both show me a printed out version of their contract that does show it.  Fine.  
When I get home, I print out the Groupon voucher and again it says nothing of that restriction.  I go to the original purchase page for the Groupon and it does say that restriction.  I, in no way, think this part is Melange's fault.  It's Groupon's fault that the actual printed and phone vouchers do not show all restrictions.  I addressed the issue with Groupon and received a full refund.
My complaint with Melange is the nasty way that we were treated by the waitress and the embarrassment  of my card being declined because the waitress couldn't bother to inquire about why I would've given her my phone. I eat out A LOT and I can honestly say in my entire life I have never left a restaurant so upset by the way I was treated.
I wrote an email to the manager and he was apologetic and said that he noticed the strange behavior from the waitress.  Although he apologized, he didn't invite me to come back so the wrong could be righted.  I doubt I'd ever return.Melange is a cool place. 
I will be the first to admit that I am not necessarily a fancy cocktail kind of guy and Melange is fancy cocktail kind of bar. That being said, I really liked Melange.
I have been wanting to come here for some time after reading some of the reviews. On a recent night out on Frenchman, a friend and I decided to stop in for drinks. 
The bartenders were dressed very professionally and fancy. This really added to the ambiance of the already fancy place. This is a  classy joint. While they don't have  a dress code, I suggest dressing up to complete the experience.
I ordered a beer, but my friend wanted a cocktail. The bartender took his time to expertly craft an amazing drink. I was very impressed at his knowledge and skill at crafting a drink based on what someone likes. That takes skill.
Above the bar were fancy test tubes and weird fancy making cocktail devices. While I didn't get to see any of these in action, they looked very cool.
The bartender brought us some sandwiches to try. They seemed to be some sort of roast on a biscuit. They were very good. Since I didn't order them, I have no idea what they are called, but I would be willing to try more food here.
In summary, this is a very cool place. I will definitely be back.Wow! Decided to try Melange for my husbands birthday. It was wonderful! The food was delicious, particularly the Tuna Tchoupitoulas Tuna, which he ordered, but after he let me have a bite, I kept going back for more (I know what I am ordering next time). The cocktail list was impressive, and the piano player was nice touch. Great Food, Drinks and Atmosphere! A NOLA MUST!!I cannot believe I haven't been here before.  I've walked by several times and never went in.
My dinner was "lick the plate" good in my opinion. My friend didn't enjoy hers quite as much. We got the same thing, Duck Dauphine.  She had wished she had gotten the crab cakes instead. She said she would try that the next time she came in.
I had the drink "blushing lady"  It was good and refreshing with vodka, grapefruit juice and pomegranate juice.   My friend had a lemon drop martini that she enjoyed.
We both decided on dessert. I got the creme brûlée and she ordered the bread pudding.  Mine came out flaming making the bread pudding somewhat anticlimactic by comparison.  I wish I had gotten a picture of it. Next time because it's my favorite dessert.
The bill came to $98 combined.  Four drinks, two dinners and two desserts. I thought that was very reasonable. 
They had a jitterbug band come in.  I have never heard nor seen a jitterbug band before. It was entertaining and interesting.  They had dancers performing.  It was enjoyable and it wasn't too loud.  They have a TV so if you're interested in taking your husband or boyfriend out he won't miss the game.
I'll definitely be back for another visit and to try another plate.This is a bar and restaurant that makes fancy cocktails.  I like beer much better than cocktails and most fancy cocktail making joints have a beer selection that sucks but Melange has a good selection of beer.  I haven't had an opportunity to sample their food but now that I've established they have common sense with their beer choices I will certainly return to do so.  The inside really seems more like a bar than a restaurant to me but in this area of town that's certainly acceptable and sometimes preferable.  It pulls off being both spacious and intimate at the same time with the way they have arranged their seating so it has some good feng shui.  The location is just off Frenchmen so it can be a bit of a calmer place to relax and grab a drink during some of the more intense celebrations that occur in this area.This was one of my less than favorite places to visit while on my first trip to New Orleans.  When I arrived there was a young gentleman plunking away at the upright piano (compared to nearby joints this was a disappointment).  It took a few minutes for someone to show up from the back to seat me.  The mixed drink selection menu was on the table. I will say their drink selection is fabulous extensive.  Great old style drinks like an old fashioned, which is what I chose.  I'll give them credit for serving a good, strong drink. For some reason they don't show this on the menu on their web site (missing a selling point folks!).  After more than five minutes a waiter finally came to ask me for my drink order (he appeared to be the only wait staff in the place).  He was pleasant and unapologetic.  My drink came and I placed my order for the soup du jour (wild mushroom and corn bisque), mélange house salad, and the scallop martini perfect.  The soup was wonderful, the equally so.  Another wait staff came along with something in a martini glass that I didn't recognize as my scallop dish (the menu doesn't prepare you for this unique serving style).  The scallops were done to perfection.....unfortunately they were over salted.  Along with the creamy sauce and the sautéed green olives the dish just got saltier from their.  It wasn't horrible, but to savor such perfectly-cooked scallops the saltiness needed to be eliminated.  Also, ditch the silly serving style and plate this dish up would make this a nice "small plate".  Overall I really was only enthused by the mixed drinks and the soup.  The rest of the food and the atmosphere were rather dull compared to other restaurants in the neighborhood.Stumbled onto Melange while out looking for a street band I'd seen about 6 months before with a jitter bug dancing gal. Couldn't find the band but we got hungry and stumbled into Melange and there on the stage was a little 3 piece combo and singers/dancers Chance Bushman and Lisa Casper. What a fabulous  find, food was wonderful, drinkes were great and the venue worldclass. You could travel the globe and not find a place as great as Melange and Lisa and Chance, it's Paris 1925, or NOLA Roadhouse 1925. Catch then Friday or Saturday night and you'll remember it for a long time.  Spoke to the owner and told him what a great expierence.I really enjoyed this bar.  The live music was great and the drinks were strong and yummy.  The bar atmosphere was great and we had a great time.  Next time I'll start my evening here instead of ending it :)What a great find (thanks to fellow yelpers). Our last evening of a Jazzfest trip and wedding anniversary fell on Sunday - so I wasn't sure what we would find. Well the place is located just off of Frenchman Street, so right off the bat you have less drunkards and visitors (the souther polite version of tourist). Great ambiance, exposed brick, cool lighting, with a row of elevated tables along the wall, which make a good spot to hear the live music from the front corner. Drinks were excellent, my wife had a French Martini and I had the best Sazerac of the trip. But the food .... we began with scallops seared and served over vegetable hash, then shared a fresh salad with just the right amount of fresh garlic and lemon in the dressing. Finally my wife had the fish of the night, salmon served with shrimp, mushrooms and green onions (it was cooked perfectly) while I the most incredible shrimp and grits ever. Deep flavor profile, grits were smooth and hinted with sharp cheddar ... just delicious. Staff was knowledgeable and friendly to boot.After doing a ton of research on yelp on places to eat in NOLA, i found a groupon for this one and i'm so glad I did.  Melange was one of my favorite meals because they have food that true to NOLA's roots as well as other stuff.  The flavor combinations and cooking techniques shows you the chef here knows what they're doing.  If you don't want to break the bank at some of the fancier places in NOLA but still want a great meal, I say come here!!  My husband had a German wheat beer that he is determined to find back at home and the duck w/blue cheese risotto and beets for his meal.  I never thought i'd write this, but those beets were out of this world~!  So frikken good.  I had the shrimp and grits and they were heavenly.  we liked this place so much we went by the next day for dessert since I was too full to have any after dinner.  White chocolate bread pudding all the way.  Give this place a shot.  I really don't think you will regret it.We were asked to leave our table on our 10 year anniversary.  Apparently this is how they operate, considering some of the previous reviews.  The drinks are well made, the service is exceptional, and the food is pretty good.  I can get all of this and more at other establishments in New Orleans (Commander's Palace).  I prefer to not spend time at places that actually ask me to leave, so they can give my table to someone else.  There were other tables around us that had been there longer and spent less $$.We had a great dinner here on a Saturday night during JazzFest.  They have a terrific band playing throughout dinner along with a woman doing the jitterbug (quite well!) so there was a lot of energy in the restaurant. The food was great--we had pork sliders, tuna tartare, salmon, shrimp with grits and everyone was pleased with their choices.Nous y sommes allés un soir de juin 2012 (fin du mois), la nourriture est vraiment très bonne et assez raffiné. 
L'ambiance est vraiment sympa. On est loin du tumulte de Bourbon street.
Un couple dansait au son du petit groupe de jazz qui jouait. 
Ce fut une très agréable soirée !! L'une des meilleures à la nouvelle Orléans :)Brunch was outstanding.  We had the 1) shrimp and grits, 2) pork loin over potato cakes, and 3) biscuits and gravy.  I am a connoisseur of shrimp and grits, and the shrimp were FRESH and nicely spiced.  You could taste all of the ingredients such that nothing was overwhelming but a melange of goodness.  The pork loin was almost like a "Pork Diane" with peppercorns.  Luscious.  Finally and saving the best for last - the biscuits and gravy.  They actually may be the best that I have ever had.  Seriously.  On to the drinks - fresh grapefruit juice in my Greyhound.  FRESH.  Also, the service was incredible.  The waiter could not have been nicer.  Owner too.  All were locals.  
Granted we arrived late for brunch but no one was there.  So, locals (and tourists too) - please go so that it will stay around. The Marigny Brasserie right around the corner is not nearly as good.Love Love Loved It!!!
OMG.   The gumbo was amazing!
Then, the shrimp and grits arrived!!!   They were SOOOOO good!!!!!   
Yum!!!
Service was average.A PERFECT new spot on Frenchman. I am so excited that this space is finally being used for something worthwhile and has everything I want in a bar!
THE SPACE- beautifully decorated, comfortable seating, clean restrooms, fairly romantic ambiance. 
THE STAFF- all awesome. Kind, understanding, friendly, and apt to make you a delicious and well crafted drink. Ian is my favorite, he always helps me choose which fancy cocktail to try, and keeps my water glass refreshed. Perhaps they put drugs in the employee watercooler, because everyone seems to enjoy their jobs! My only beef was a semi-rude "bouncer" who didn't know when the club was closing. 
THE BOOZE- OMFG. Epic fancy cocktails. Good-ass liquor selection, and they have TWO ciders! YAY!
MUSIC- badass ragtime (local bands either playin live or over the speakers). Fancy dancin' (they hire swing dancers to strut for the bands- super entertaining!)
I haven't tried the food (not veggie friendly), but the food seems pretty Frenchy-Creole, and they have brunch (only 1 other spot on Frenchman does!)
Go in for a few drinks, and stay for the music. This new spot is definitely going to become a Frenchman St. mainstay if they keep up the good work and draw in a few more people.I hope your have your fancy pants ready, because you will definitely want to have them on when you drop into Mélange.  Not that the place is overly fancy or snooty, but it feels like one of those bars where it is most appropriate to dress up. 
A friend and I dropped in here one night to see what this place was all about and what we found was a delightful speakeasy.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the bartender will be happy to make you a fancy cocktail for you to sip as you watch the foot traffic on Frenchmen go by.Went here with my girls on our last night in NOLA. I had the catch of the day - escolar - on a bed of mashed potatoes, sautéed wild mushrooms, sweet summer corn, brown butter, and balsamic syrup. If that sounds delicious, it's because it was. Hands down the best food I had in NOLA.
Halfway through my meal, I saw a bug in it. The waiter quickly whisked it away, took it off our bill, and gave me a free dessert to compensate. I was actually offered another plate of the same dish, but I wasn't willing to wait for it to come out. The owner even came by to apologize in person, and he was such a great, humble guy. I was pleased with the way it was handled, so I can't even take off any stars for that. 
I was going to take one star off for the wait - it wasn't terribly long, but being from NY, I'm pretty impatient when it comes to dining out - but the food was that good that I've tacked the one star back on.
Absolutely recommend this place.It must have been the owner who was hosting last night because he was so incredibly hospitable. Wandered into Melange for drinks around 8 on a Sunday. A quiet jazz trio was playing the classics. There was no room at the bar but the host offered us a table right in front of the band and turned our table and chairs so we could sit cabaret-style, next to each other and facing the band. The cocktail menu was mostly classics or twists on classics. Everything was very well prepared. I appreciated that they were using local booze like Old New Orleans Rum. And the grenadine was house made, little things like that. Lots of little touches by the host and bar menu, and the bartender, made this a perfect spot for us.Here's a nice surprise a couple of steps off Frenchman Street, the best music spot in New Orleans. Just open 11 weeks ago catered to those who seek great food in a comfortable atmosphere. Great looking bar with very interesting drink list, without a bunch of two fisted beer drinking, loud kids coming and going. The step up row of seating against the wall is nice in order to see the stage. The pork chop,wow, a thick two bone chop with a mushroom sauce just enhanced the char on the meat. Braised cabbage and lentils, nice plate. Can't wait to go back for another delicious dinner.Brunch was very good.  I had eggs benedict and a mimosa.  The eggs benedict were good, but not the best I've ever had.  My boyfriend really enjoyed his shrimp and grits (which he is notoriously critical of in most cases).  What I appreciated most was that they are very willing to work with dietary restrictions.  I was even told that the chef may come out from the back just to make sure he knows exactly what is desired.  (I ended up ordering something I didn't need to change very much, so this ended up being unnecessary but I still really appreciated the gesture). 
The atmosphere was nice.  There was live music when we went, which added even more charm.  We perused the cocktail menu and it looked wonderful.  Definitely want to go back and for dinner and/or drinks.What a great find here.  We were trying to go to a different spot but the words speakeasy bar on the outside so we decided to hop on in and I am so glad we did.  The bartenders had some crazy beards and moustaches and mixed some really good drinks.  For being a mixology speakeasy place, I was quite happy with the price of the drinks as well.  As we were at the bar, there was a live jazz band playing behind us.  They were really talented and could tell they were having a great time performing. I think if the lights were lower, it would have provided a little better intimate vibe but other than that, I have no complaints about spending a few hours at this place while being entertained with live music and some swing dancin.We stumbled upon this place and what a great surprise! The staff extremely nice the food was delicious. The muscles came in a broth that was one of the best I've had.  Live music and fun atmosphere!Sometimes the second visit doesn't quite measure up but not true at Me'lange. Took a local musician friend for a return and did this place exceed the first. She said the 8oz filet was the bet she had eaten in a long time. I had the special which was grouper in a crawfish sauce, wow! My partner had the shrimp and grits, wow wow. We talked to our server who indicated that things are going so good that they may change locations in order to expand. This is a must do in New Orleans, been here two weeks and this is the best eats of the trip. Great little speakeasy!On my recent vacation this was about the only "fancy" place we went.  The vibe of this place is pretty quaint, and the piano player/singer was a nice touch.  We chose to sit at the bar and my friend and I split the crab cakes, and they were delicious.  It was a little pricey, and they have a handful of specialty cocktails that are pricey as well.  But everything seemed to be point on if that's what you are looking for.We had reservations for two at 830pm. We sat at a table for half an hour without so much as an acknowledgment from a waitress, although many walked past and looked right at us. We walked out. One star for the bartender who makes a mean sazerac and the musicians were great.Once again, Melange kicks ass. I came here with my parents and fiance, and I think that this was the best dinner that we had all week in terms of quality of food, quality of service, and ambiance. Yes, better than Emeril's, even. 
We were greeted by cheerful staff, and seated immediately even though we were early for our reservation. From the start, our waiter was cracking jokes with us, which I really enjoyed. There is nothing I hate more than stiff, boring servers. Throughout our meal, he was on point in terms of timing and anticipating our needs. Awesome service.
Let me start off by saying that the ambiance in this place is wonderful. They are speakeasy themed, and they really have a cozy, almost secretive yet lively atmosphere down pat. They had a wonderful band playing (that I could actually hear myself think over! yes! Take note, Muriel's!!), who I suggest you generously tip!
We started off with some cocktails, while my dad had some wine. My mom got a sazerac, and I got the dark and stormy, both of which were perfect. They really do make great cocktails here, and my dad seemed to enjoy his wine, which was a generous portion.
My dad had the duck and andouille gumbo to start off. Damn, was it good! Some of the best gumbo he had his whole trip. 
I got the rabbit, which I had never had before. Um, it tasted like chicken. But it was good! It was roasted in a white wine sauce, with roasted roma tomatoes and a blackeyed pea/tasso cassoulet. Yum. It was perfectly cooked, with a nice balance of flavor. 
Embarrasingly, I totally forget what everyone else had because I was laser focused on my own dish. Oops. 
We had the bread pudding for dessert, which I positively inhaled. My parents kept raving about this dinner throughout the week, so Melange obviously made a great impression on those jaded New Yorkers!The food here was very well prepared.  Atmosphere was great with live music.  The location makes for a nice walk through the French Quarter on the way back to Canal Street.My Honey and I did a lot of eating on our first trip to NOLA, and by far the biggest surprise was Melange.  Two steps off the beaten path that is Frenchmen Street you'll find this (not for long) hidden gem.  Maybe our expectations were low because it seemed like every other place in the area had a crowd and Melange did not.  I then found out that this baby had only been open for 8 days. As we walked out later, I thought to myself, "this will be the last time that there won't be a crowd".  
On to the food, we ordered the Smoked Duck Quesadillas and the Pan Seared Diver Scallops.  The Quesadillas was very flavorful, the duck was sliced just right, very easy to eat, and  the addition of the provolone to the goat cheese filling really mellows the goat cheese, (which sometimes I can find to be too sharp), nicely done.  Now let's get to the dish that will be a Siren's call to bring me back to this very delightful Melange, the scallops.  They were perfectly done, the seasoning, the sear *sigh* I wish I had just one in front of me now.  Anyway, these beautiful scallops were atop a spicy sweet potato hash that had the perfect texture to complement the scallops.  I honestly don't have a bad thing to say about what I had to eat here.
There's a great list of cocktails to peruse, I threw caution to the wind, and did the story of me (pick your liquor, and allow the mixologist to do his thing), my beverage was warming from the bourbon with hints of sweet and smokiness.  The other cocktail, which I can't remember the name of *cough, cough* was equally delicious, had coffee beans, and you should get right away.  
Service was terrific, I don't know about you, but I can tell the difference between a real smile and the genuine, and our server was the real McCoy.We live in the Marigny and this place is one of our favorite secrets. Tucked a half a block up Chartes, right in the middle of the jazz joints on Frenchmen st and across the street from the usually bad Praline Connection, this unassuming storefront is what you actually hope for from New Orleans but were consistently let down in hoping for from most places in the Quarter.
We always get greeted by an irreverent doorman who walks us into the eclectic, weathered yet classic interior to be seated. Usually there's someone playing the piano, providing background for a mix of equally colorful, well dressed, middle aged locals at the bar.
We've eaten here half a dozen times now and never once been disappointed with the higher end vintage nola cuisine. The wait staff is always pleasantly snarky with a twinkle in their eye, attentive and warm. The food is crazy good and I've come to rely on finding out what the specials are that night and going for it. Always fresh and delicious, they're an adventure in a good way.
All in all I cant recommend Melange enough.Overall great experience. We bought a groupon deal for this restaurant and we were super excited about it.
We had two appetizers: The shrimp and tomatoes and the cheese plate. Both were pretty amazing. For entrees we had the seafood bouillabaisse and the Ahi. Both were cooked to perfection. The cocktails are also great.
If I had to knock them on some things, it'd be the service. We like to take our time with courses and our food came out way too fast. Oh and my boyfriend kept complaining about how uncomfortable the chairs were - I didn't notice but he's 6' 4" :)
Definitely a food highlight of the trip -- we'll be back!
PS: It's in a great area, right next to Frenchman street that has some really fun jazz clubs.Heard from a local that this place was good. Walked in on a Saturday night with my buddies from So Cal and Las Vegas. We were seated right away and the waiter was cheerful and helpful. The food was simply amazing - Grilled oysters with parmesan crust, duck quesadilla with goat cheese were first on the menu. Awesome filet mignon cooked perfectly (medium-rare for me), and followed up by an unbelievable sweet potato mousse with salted caramel and pistachio. As for drinks, their mixologist is as good as the chef. I had a gin gimlet that was probably the best gimlet ever. We had a Grand Veneur Cotes du Rhone with the meal, and for dessert, we asked for a sauterne. They didn't have one stocked (new place, only open 13 weeks), but the owner let us purchase a nice Chateau Gravas from his private stock. We had been to several of John Besh's restaurants at this point, so I had a good ruler to measure against. This was better, in my mind. The check was more than reasonable for all of this, BTW. 
But that's not all, I didn't fill you in on the entertainment. There was a band there called something like "Speakeasy Trio," I think. They had a trumpet player, a tap dancer, and a female vocalist with a cutesy style reminiscent of Squirrel Nut Zippers, performing 1920s era music. They were totally awesome and complimented the atmosphere perfectly. It was really a perfect evening at Melange, and I intend to go there again when I am in NOLA!What a cute place - great food and fun entertainment.  We had the mussels, shrimp and grits, bouillabase, and tuna.  All were excellent.  The bouillabase was very small especially for the price.Trying to stay true to a speak-easy theme. A very fun time for me. 
Only sat at the bar, as I popped in to listen to the music and enjoy a cocktail. Thus, I have no opinion on the food.
The bartender was attentive and knowledgeable. He was surprised that I was a local, and I can see why, as it appears just about everyone else in the place was a tourist.
The musical trio was issuing crooner standards, perfectly lovely in my opinion, and a compliment to my martini.
Which, by the way, was done up just perfectly. Melange restricts itself to cocktails that are 'inspired' by the 1920s speak-easy culture, when most cocktails would have been built with liquor and a few additives. The drink menu is clever, and the bartender proved eager to launch into explanations of the various concoctions. 
The theme of the place perplexed the west Texas guests next to me, in a way that I must admit bemused me, but also contributed to my high opinion of the joint. For starters, it appeared that neither were drinkers to any extent, which is perfectly fine but made me curious as to why they visited a bar. Maybe, like me, they were drawn in by the music. They attempted ordering various drinks such as daiquiris and margaritas, to no avail. The bartender, in the most cheerful and patient manner, claimed not to carry the ingredients, noting that such drinks are historically inaccurate for Melange. The gent settled on a glass of white wine. The lady attempted a cocktail, the name of which I didn't catch. She found it bitter and distasteful at first sip, and asked the waiter if he might sweeten it up. He did offer to contribute a simple syrup, but she declined. I didn't take note if she ever finished the drink. From my vantage point, it looked most inviting! The couple seemed to take the entire exercise in stride, which I thought was a great credit to their pluck, attempting to enjoy a foreign city and a unique venue for what it is. 
Since I can easily walk to Melange, I surely will visit again, and gladly bring out-of-towners with me for a delightful experience of music and drink in the Marigny. 
By the way, another recent reviewer refers to Melange as "fancy," or some similar language. I don't know where else she was hanging in NOLA, but fancy Melange is not. Definitely a bar, unpretentious, perfectly fine for what it is mind you, but don't go expecting high-brow environs or service.