The atmosphere and service is great. However, N7 gives a whole new meaning to "small plates".  They are ridiculously small and way overpriced.  Also, the night we were there, they were out of half the things on the menu, and it's not much to begin with.  This was my 2nd time going there and also my last.The patio and atmosphere are the best parts but that doesn't diminish the excellent food.  If you don't know where you are going you might miss the entrance.  The fresh seafood was excellent and the canned choices were fabulous.  The wine and alcohol choices were perfect. I'd go back here again and again.Very cute hidden spot, you'd seriously never know it existed unless told about it. Once you open the wooden door that looks like someone's private backyard entrance, you enter a gorgeous little patio w/ seats & cute little building. This might be just my favorite part about the place- just atmosphere, cool spot to bring friends from out if town.
All I had was a glass of red wine, olives, & small thing of french fries. Not much on the menu if you do not eat meat, hopefully one day they add to their menu. As for price, expensive for what you are getting, but you are paying for the atmosphere...The most European dining experience in NOLA... and it's not just because of what they serve.  Americans need to learn that sometimes less is better.  The EU is full of tiny little chic places with a limited menus and seating.  Although there is a good amount of outdoor seating, the tables are standard small cafe sized.  The food selection isn't everyone's glass of champs.  I'm not going to lie and say there is something for everyone here because there is not.  I have an adventurous pallette and will try just about anything at least once.  My one complaint is that they there aren't enough wine by glass selections.  EU cafes usually have a broad selection of wines by the glass.  If you are looking for a truly different dining experience, this is the place.  I just hope it doesn't get ruined by wanna-be foodies.  N7 deserves more appreciation than that.Great new spot, amazing smoked salmon, pork dish and cheese plate. Also discovered my new fav wine, Pais de YumbelWe waited an hour to be seated, when we finally got a small corner table the scallops came out cold. There were 3 of us we ordered fries they came out fairly quickly and hot, the steak I ordered came out about 10 mins later, but then everything after that took forever, the scallops were good but cold, my husband opted to eat them, he feared it would take forever again if he sent them back. We surmised that this restaurant did not prepare for success. In the end we spent more than 3 hours there, not because we were laughing and drinking and enjoying the place, mostly just waiting. I crossed this place off my list.it gets two stars for vibe and for smelling absolutely divine. but my friends and i stood at the bar on a saturday night for a full ten minutes and weren't acknowledged by the bartender a single time. no eye contact. no "i'll be right with you." nothing. meanwhile, she refilled other bar patron's water glasses 3 times. 
perhaps the fact that the cast of chopped happened to be present had everyone flustered. but still...we were disappointed. 
if the food is half as good as it smells, then it is probably heavenly. but for a group full of former/current industry folks, the lack of attention to service turned us off. 
sorry we never got the chance to try it! super cool place.Definitely a unique experience and completely unexpected atmosphere in the Bywater. The space itself is a bit of an adventure to find as it is hidden behind a large wall with just a very small sign identifying the place as "N7" which when you open the gate you are rewarded with a very pleasant looking patio and interestingly appointed building complete with a driveway with a classic Citroen in it that transported me back to France for a moment and really gives it a great ambiance. I had expected the wine prices to be more affordable but gentrification has certainly grasped the wine list firmly here.  The canned options are interesting and probably worth sharing with some folks as an appetizer.  The cooked fresh entrees are very small portions so be prepared to do multiple courses and share food more like a tapas experience here which can add the bill up quickly when matched with the wine prices.  The only concerns I have are that the service is slow, the music was too loud and they only have one unisex bathroom for the customers so there can be a wait at times to get into the WC.  I could also do without the "Asian Fusion" dashes they add here and there to the menu but that is just my personal obsession with classic French cuisine and dislike of nouvelle cuisine.
Overall it is an interesting spot for the occasional change of pace to try something quite different from the usual NOLA fare but I probably wouldn't put it on my regular rotation due to the very small portions coupled with the higher prices that make it a poor value when compared to other similar spots more near and dear to mon coeur.We found this place via the Bon Appétit article. No phone number, no reservations taken. We just showed up on the first Saturday of Jazz Fest. The cabbie did it know it so we gave cross streets. The Restaurant called us a cab to return.
This is a delightful oasis in the middle of the Marigny of New Orleans - great ambiance. We enjoyed a balmy evening with a drink - Hendrick's, followed by romaine and boiled leek salads. Hamachi Carpaccio and Steak au Poivre next. A nice Pinot Noir from Burgundy to accompany. Macarons to finish. Excellant service. A nude chat with one of the owners. 
Hats off. A lovely evening after a great day of music.So they serve food and drinks but I'm not sure restaurant is the right category. This former used tire shop in an unfashionable neighborhood houses this, space, or spaces rather; and outdoor dining, and gardens too. More experience than dinner. 
Had two cans, a salad, some chilled asparagus and some frittes. Wine and sparkling water. We hung out in the garden after dinner for a bit before ordering an uber back to the real world. It felt great in the early evening. 
We had thought about renting bikes or walking but am glad we didn't. It was great to decompress on the short ride out and I don't think it would have been a relaxing way to start the experience. Check it out.Like eating on a movie set from a charming foreign film.  Interesting menu featuring a "can to table" section that turned out to be really charming.  Was a fun experience.Beautiful atmosphere.  Despite previous reviews, Montegut St is in fact a street and not an alley way.  It's a secluded reprieve from the noise of everyday life.  Our server was millennial sweet, kind but slightly perturbed by  my question about which sake would pair best with the salmon tartine.I was in a party of three people last night, and we had to wait 2 hours to get a table.  We got there at 6:45 and we didn't not sit down at a table until 8:45.  The food was ok, but nothing that spectacular.  I did enjoy the outside appeal of the place--including the incredibly loud train whistle every 35 minutes we were standing up waiting.I did not know what a treat I was in for when I walked through the tall, wooden fence!
This place feels like a hideaway and it is quite cozy!  Amie behind the bar was very friendly and eager to answer all our questions about this new place and the wine selection and the menu in general.  Aaron, one of the owners, felt like just another one of the regulars and was quite welcoming. 
The moment I stepped in N7, I texted a friend to say it felt like I had entered Narnia.  This place is so unique and friendly. It is going to be THE spot in a very short while!Our neighborhood has excellent options for wining and relaxing. There's the lovely Faubourg Wines on St. Claude, which is a little bit different in that it's also a wine store with incredibly priced bottles that you can drink at the bar at one of the tables (similar to Bacchanal, a little ways away). What N7 offers is a different kind of (utterly gorgeous) experience. I can't play favorites because it is right around the corner from Faubourg and hey, I drink a LOT of wine, so there's plenty of my business to go around! 
You enter through a slightly mysterious high wooden fence with a discreet little N7 sign on it. And then you enter this magical little back yard with a covered patio that leads into an equally magical little house, where the bar beckons you. Behind it, a kind bartendress who will help you pick your poison. We decided to sit outside on this perfect early spring evening, but inside is just so so divine, with little candle-lit rooms that make for the most idyllic, intimate rendezvous. 
There is table service and a nice array of wines by the bottle and glass (they were out of my favorite, Gamay, but offered up an excellent alternative, thereby introducing me to a new wine). And! If you prefer sake? They've got you covered with a good selection plus a special or two.
As for the menu, let's just say it's not my cup of tea and I'll stick to the wine (isn't that all you ever need, anyway?) There are two things a vegetarian can consume: olives and pommes frites. If you're into meats, cheeses and tinned fishies, you'll be in paradise. I'm in love with N7 but the love would be even deeper if they had just a couple other options for those of us who don't eat meat, cheese or fish.Cool vibe, good bar. Really good seafood small plates. Don't be afraid that it is hidden behind a fence, it's worth it to open the gate and find a chill oasis waiting for you.I came here with a couple of friends during a quick business trip. Because I am not too familiar with New Orleans, I thought the neighborhood/area of the restaurant's location looked a bit sketchy. Behind this closed, solid wood fence is what reviewers call "a hidden gem" - and I completely agree. 
The ambiance was quiet on a Wednesday evening. The food was extremely delicious. I definitely recommend the "can to table" items. 
PS: This restaurant doesn't have a phone line. Therefore you cannot make reservations in advance.A wonderful idea and experience. On the basis of the food, N7 deserves maybe a 2-3 star review. The experience and execution of the idea was clever, though, and I grudgingly admit that I had an amazing time.
I loved our waitress, who informed us that the raved-about hard boiled eggs, at the end of the day, are just eggs-- and that "the chickens are assholes, anyway". The wine options were top-notch and I adored my Riesling.
We sampled several of the canned foods for the novelty of it-- let's not discuss the google search later which indicated exactly how much those cans were marked up; I'll also conveniently ignore how ashamed my Asian mother would be of my heavily marked-up canned meal. We also had cooked dishes-- the duck we had was deeply underwhelming, and the vodka-infused salmon was delicious but rather forgettable.
The experience, though. You only live once, so go down that unassuming alleyway, open up that sketchy wooden door, and descend upon the fairy-lightened N7.This hidden gem lived up to all expectations. Life is about the journey and a friend and I decided to walk here from the Quarter on a recent visit. We walked for about 40 minutes, enjoying the architecture and neighborhood and then finally found this place down a little alley across the railroad tracks. You enter through a nondescript gate into a picturesque oasis. Gorgeous tunes, flickering candles, fantastic cocktails and wine and interesting food. The decor is too die for. You really feel transported. So happy to have experienced this place. And no matter how full you are...get the soy sauce creme brulee.Great food, fairly priced. 
Wine and Drink menu has great value.
You need to look for the space as it's not heavily advertised and no signage. 
Super cool date night spot. 
The Sake Cured Salmon is a must try.Very disappointing.  Especially in light of the glorious Bon Apetit review!
I would not recommend his place.  The only thing that as good was the glass of French wine I ordered.Great ambience and love their take on French delicacies.  Highly recommend the mussels, avocado salad, and a fresh Caesar salad!   Very romantic, but beware of mosquitoes if you sit outside.  Try this Bordeaux...Wonderful wine! The food is very good but definitely the price tag of a special occasion. Sweet and romantic place. Service can be so/so but I think that's because they are so busy. Natural wine!Super cute and warm!  They have an excellent wine selection. Although I wasn't looking to eat, my boyfriend insisted we tried the mussels, and they did not disappoint. Service is excellent & constantly checked up on us. It's a really fun, relaxed atmosphere, and there's plenty of room outside as well.We were very excited to go here. When you walk in it's certainly very charming with the backyard lights and they do have heat lamps in case it gets cold which were happy about since it got a little chilly last night. There are two things that we were disappointed in with the restaurant. First the service was very slow. Multiple times it took 15 to 20 minutes to get drinks. When we arrived a few of us placed 2 of us ordered to drinks while the others waited to see the wine list. 10 minutes later someone a group ordered wine and some beers. 10 minutes after that the drinks came without the first round of drinks that were ordered by the other people.  We were never brought our drinks. At one point I got up to go get my drink from the bar because it been sitting there. Also the waitresses take turns at your table so you don't have the same waitress which seems to make things difficult for the customer because they don't keep tabs on who is getting what it what time.  Also please note that your dishes do not come out at the same time. Everybody received a dinner plate at a different time. We found this odd.  We even brought over  Eric to our table to tell him that it was taking a long time to get drinks. I believe he's either the owner or the manager. That did not seem to help. Then the second thing we were disappointed in is the portion sizes. We ended up eating later because we were so hungry. I do not recommend the seared tuna because the portion size is incredibly small. We're from Chicago and understand the cost of sushi grade tuna and for $16 it should've been triple the portion. One of our guest actually combined two orders because she thought they made a mistake and gave her an appetizer portion. We later had to re-order another because of that mistake. The potato leek soup was very good and our guest enjoyed the canned seafood choices as well. The avocados salad was very tasty as well. The seating outside is a bit uncomfortable as it involves metal chairs and a bench. It adds to its charm but when six people were saying at a table and there's metal bars below the table it makes it difficult to sit at the ends. I would recommend this as a place to go out to have a good glass of wine and if you're not looking to have a lot to eat. Yes it's romantic like they say but with all the other issues didn't find it worth it.setting: magical. tastes: superlative. service: balanced perfectly (knowledge, awareness, table presence, suggestions, personalities). in a city of abundant food choices N7 stands out!From what everyone and every review says I was expecting Amazing.  I admit I'm a food snob. Grew up in NYC. Married a chef. I cook better than most restaurants. I had high hopes. The restaurant is in a funky spot. It's like eating in someone's back yard. Cool concept. We were first on line to get in and had our pick of tables. The people on line with us were RAVING about this place. Best mussels. Best everything.   So I ordered the mussels. Not the best. No flavour. Raw chopped garlic and tiny mussels. Blech. My friend had leeks which were good and fries which were good. Aoli was excellent. When I told our server I was disappointed she offered to get me something else. Really nice of her and she took the mussels off the check. I had the soft shell crab special which was fine. But I am NOT raving about the food. The service and ambiance were excellent. I've heard the tins are great but they don't make those, they import them. Ah well. Go see for yourself because everyone everywhere thinks it's the best restaurant ever. Love NOLA.Wonderful, simple French food in a beautiful setting. My wife and I shared the soup (potato leek) and a tin of mackerel with baguette and herbed butter. Then for mains she got the scallops and I the steak. We split the fries with mayo. Everything was perfectly done. The atmosphere was really nice and the server was great. Definitely will come back here again!I was intrigued by a post I had read about N 7 and wanted to try this new bistro.  I was thoroughly pleased and want to go again. It's close to where I live and quick to get to. The food is more or less small plates to be shared or not. A nice open bar. Inside dining and covered seating outside. I want to try just about every thing on the menu. I guess I will have to go back quite a few more times.Very nice dining experience! Came in Saturday night at 8pm and was told 20 min, suprised it wasn't longer, I said no problem. We got a drink at the bar and after ordering from Margo decided to stay and have dinner at the bar. The crowd was alot of fun, and all the staff was busy, but seemed genuinely happy to be there. 
We enjoyed the pork with beet sauce (beets were very mild to my pleasure), ceaser salad (fork and knife), the raw oyster special, and the steak aupiove. All were top notch to say the least. 3 drinks each and a bit over a 100 dollars. Well worth it in my eyes!Great date spot! Atmosphere is like none other in New Orleans! That have indoor and outdoor seating and they have a full bar. Don't be scared to try anything here I didn't have anything I would have disapproved. The can to table options are DELICIOUS!!! Staff was very courteous and attentive. So no pics this time I will post some on my next visit. I will be going back frequently! Go check it out you will be glad you did!After driving past twice we found this amazingly delicious hide away restaurant!!!! Fish in a can, duck, mushroom soup and bok choy very nouveau French! Superb!Everyone knows New Orleans is full of magical food. But even in this city, with its zillions of eating establishments, N7 is something completely different. The space is stunning--cozy with its wood and stained glass, in an old building which was apparently at one point a horse stable. This is just me repeating what others have already said, but it does feel like walking from our Caribbean-painted city into Europe.
Like others, I was skeptical about ordering canned seafood. First we got the (regular, fresh) clams. This was the most New Orleanian dish we had all night. Clams can be found all over the city. And they were, and usually are, incredible; cooked in their lemon garlic wine sauce and whatnot.
The canned seafood we ordered included calamari and oysters. The oysters were so ridiculously good that we ordered another round upon finishing the first. The calamari, imported from Portugal and served in a funny little box and tin can, had a completely unexpected texture. There was no sliminess to be had, nothing rubbery about the whole situation. It was sort of tender in a way that is quite hard to describe, and the taste was fantastic. Salty and rich and addictive. Same goes for the oysters--and the sauce the oysters sat in was spicy, smokey and  layered. And of course lots of fresh bread for dipping. So good.
Our server was also super cool and helpful. I'd say this is a good place for any special occasion, or if you really want to impress a date with your *unusual* taste. It is pricey, especially when viewed through an American proportion lens. But to me, it was worth it, and I already want to return.Food is 5 stars. Service is 2. 
Had to wave down the waitress/bartender every time for basic things like a spoon for soup, a discard bowl for mussels, an ice bucket for white wine. The food is fine dining, but as long as the service is absent, it's not the restaurant it could be.Excellent all around, great service, amazing place and decoration and really good food, will be back !!N7 is a unique and delicious dining experience. The service is friendly and approachable, and the canned food is comforting while the prepared dishes are mouthwatering and creative. Be open-minded about the canned food. It's high quality, and worth the money. I'm so glad a local friend of mine took me to N7. It seems to be an authentic French experience while at the same time an authentic Nola experience. I plan to make a visit to N7 a tradition when I come to NO.The owners of this place are laughing at everyone dining there. The kind of deep belly, spastic laughing where you cough up some wine through your nose. Tears running down their cheeks. It's a straight up con job. This is a restaurant meant to insult. They are serving you cans of food on a bread plate and charging $20 for it. I believed, against all indications, that there must be something special about it. Like it was a gimmick. Maybe they prepared amazing food, put it in a can, then heated it up and served it to you. Au Pied de Cochon in Montreal does a duck in a can that will actually make you weep it's so delicious. No. This is a can you that you buy at the store. Open the can, put it on a bread plate, and serve it with bread. Then they charge you an extra $2 if you ask for more bread. #foodinacanconjobMy friend and I were excited to try this place as it had received great reviews and was not astronomically priced. We got there very early to ensure we got a table. The outside garden is beautiful and the ambience and decor inside was lovely as well. 
We were seated at a cute little table in the rear room. After much discussion and deliberation we decided to share the steamed mussels, the pork katsu, and the Surumi baby eels. The mussels were incredible; I have to say, mussels have never been my favorite but these convinced me that they can indeed by delicious. The pork katsu was also good. 
The baby eels... we were not crazy about them at all. I'm glad we tried them, but the texture was not appealing in the slightest. They also were very oily, which of course was because they were canned but it was just a little bit too much for us. Also, they were pretty expensive for just a small can of eel larvae. 
In addition, the service was just ok. It took forever to flag down our waitress for more water, and then when we were ready to pay it took forever for her to notice. It's a fine line between leaving diners alone and then leaving them alone too much, and I think this crossed the line into ignoring. 
I would not go back, but overall it was a unique experience to have while we were passing through NOLA.Beautifully designed and thought out. Space is cozy. Menu is filled with deliciously, satisfying small plates and lovely wines to pair with. A place like no other.This place is super cute and the food was delicious. They paced the food a little quickly and the server seemed to get a little overwhelmed as it got busier later in the night, but I adored it overall. The garden is dreamy and enchanting, the soft shell crab over squid ink and lentils was outstanding. Can see this little gem blowing up soon.My husband and I fell in love with this place! We sat at the bar and ate. Go here! The line was out the door but it moved fast.Fantastic!  From the moment you enter the wooden gate marked only with 'N7' you know you're in for a unique experience.  The indoor / outdoor space is quirky and cool, the wine list is great and the minimal menu encourages exploration of all kinds of little bites.  Will definitely return again with my husband for a romantic evening!Lovely, romantic, unique. I feel like I've been looking for this place for a long time. 
The tinned hoods are delicious but pricey and probably not for everyone. Fresh raw oysters were amazing. Good fresh produce too. 
Such a treat.I have been to N7 on several occasions, and although the ambiance is absolutely lovely (hidden behind a fence on Montegut Street) and worth a trip in itself (perhaps for just a glass of wine or drink outside or at the bar), the service has been consistently bad and the menu, although I find it interesting, is definitely not for everyone and has gotten mixed reviews from other guests.
Pros:  
- Ambiance
- Courtyard
Cons:
- Service (has been consistently poor - slow, little to no knowledge of food/wine on menu, and bordering on rude and unprofessional)
- Cheese plate (exceptionally small portions
Neutrals:
- Menu (interesting for some, not appealing for others)
- CostQuaint, adventurous, and unlike anything you'll do (or could take someone) in a city full of one of a kind gems.  Walking into this place, you think 'of course this is in New Orleans'.  Special enough for a special dinner and reasonable enough that you could be a regular here.  No phone so no reservations.  Just go!  If you are unfamiliar with this area of town, be mindful of exactly where it is on the map as you might miss itWe went to N7 last week with expectations. The place delivers.
Walking in the large courtyard/patio at 6:00 to find another world.....quiet,clean and serene.
It was a very warm evening so we ventured into the charming jewel boxed dining room.
We were transported. The cold,briny raw oysters and a wonderful pork dish were complimented by a crisp provensal Rose'.
All in all a magical snippet of a European night in NOLA.From what everyone and every review says I was expecting Amazing.  I admit I'm a food snob. Grew up in NYC. Married a chef. I cook better than most restaurants. I had high hopes. The restaurant is in a funky spot. It's like eating in someone's back yard. Cool concept. We were first on line to get in and had our pick of tables. The people on line with us were RAVING about this place. Best mussels. Best everything.   So I ordered the mussels. Not the best. No flavour. Raw chopped garlic and tiny mussels. Blech. My friend had leeks which were good and fries which were good. Aoli was excellent. When I told our server I was disappointed she offered to get me something else. Really nice of her and she took the mussels off the check. I had the soft shell crab special which was fine. But I am NOT raving about the food. The service and ambiance were excellent. I've heard the tins are great but they don't make those, they import them. Ah well. Go see for yourself because everyone everywhere thinks it's the best restaurant ever. Love NOLA.If I ever write a memoir, I may devote an entire chapter to this restaurant. I am so enamoured with it that I lack the words to describe just how perfect it was. No fuss: most of the food is canned, the decor is simple yet elegant, the service is just right. From the Indian and Senegalese music playing to the Citroën in the yard, everything about this restaurant was charming, romantic, dreamy, and absolutely perfect.We were looking forward to trying N7, which was billed by Bon Appetite mag as an amazing hidden gem. The adventure going off the beaten path to get there was truly one of the best parts. 
The place is just perfect LOOKING. Inside and out. We were stoked to be there! Totally thought this was heaven. 
Then the parts that were NOT good started to materialize. Our server was of no help whatsoever. When choosing from the well thought out wine list, I asked if the German Riesling was dry. His meandering answer indicated that he didn't know (& didn't know it mattered.) He didn't offer to find out. I asked what was in the piedmont red blend (he didn't know but thinks he tasted it a while back and it was good). Ok, so no wine expert. 
 Then for the food: What's on the hamichi crudo, I ask? He says some kind of sauce... I'm sorry I had to then ask what's in the sauce. I was not trying to be a jerk! I just wanted to make my decision. He said it had some acidity. Maybe citrus. That was the plate description. No offer about any food suggestions. Zero enthusiasm about what he's doing. That doesn't bode well for a place like this. "Can to table" could work. Some of the food was very nice (seared tuna sashimi dish was beautiful and delicious). But with a bare bones menu you MUST have a staff willing to elaborate and know what is on the 10 plates you're selling. A little bit of "I like this stuff and what I'm selling" wouldn't hurt. Of course no explanation when plates were brought to the table either. 
Pork katsu was 50% inedible with gristle and fat, but beet sauce was good. 
We are always up for a good time when going out and not very critical. But this was disappointing as our anniversary dinner. N7 had all the (unrealized) potential in the world.This is a very interesting place. I was intrigued by the reviews I had read so was very curious. Five of us went on a Friday night around 9 pm. Parking was not too bad. The outside is very nondescript. Once inside the fence we were pleasantly surprised. Nice outside seating. We chose to sit inside. Our waitress was very attentive and explained the menu to us and told us about the specials. Water was brought to us right away and we ordered a bottle of red wine- moderately priced and good. We ordered blue point oysters on the half shell. They were nice and cold with a wonderful flavor. They serve them with a soy sauce. Other items we ordered were an eel type fish, yellowfin tuna with okra and radishes- very interesting combinations-pomme frittes, pork katsu with beet sauce (my personal favorite). I didn't think I would like the canned seafood but we thought we would give it a try. We ordered sardines from Portugal (not bad) and a lovely lobster spread that comes in a small jar. French bread slices came with this. We ordered a second bottle of wine and ordered a cheese plate for dessert. Everyone was able to take a taste of everything and you didn't get over full. It was a nice atmosphere to talk with friends. An enjoyable experience I would recommend to friends. I will return.This place is incredible for a drink and a glass of wine. Really nice atmosphere-- it feels like you are walking into someone's home.i have never eaten more delicious food. literally the best piece of fish i've ever had (cod with sweet miso and roasted carrots). also enjoyed an avocado and radish salad that was so simple and so mindblowing. lot of clientele 50+ dressed better than us, but very chill. like having the best dinner of your life in a wealthy hipster's backyardIf you've never been to N7, it might be a little inconspicuous when arriving. But once you enter you'll be pleasantly surprised. The food was outstanding, we had a great variety of menu samplings and not one disappointed.I came with friends during a work related trip to NOLA. One of my friends had read the review of N7 in Bon Appetite. I knew nothing about the restaurant. First- it isn't in the greatest part of the city, so don't get there too soon before opening. Our taxi driver would not take us to a local bar, and only left us when we promised to stand in front of the door until they opened 20 minutes later. It is very easy to miss this place- the only marker is a stenciled red "N7" on a stockade fence. 
There were many dishes that were delicious at N7. I had the potato leek soup, which was wonderful, and the steak. My friends ordered fresh oysters from the specials, which they said were very good, then ordered from their "canned' menu. This is where it turns to a bit of a rip off. You are served these selections in small cans, literally what you would buy from the market. One example I can give is the "baby eels" which my friends paid good money to eat, then we saw the same can for $5 in the Central market.  They do not have a phone so they don't take reservations. They do not have coffee- which in this day and age is unthinkable. There is indoor and outdoor seating, and the staff is very friendly. The place is cute, and has both indoor and outdoor seating. Would I come again? No. Would I recommend to friends- maybe, but the limitations of the neighborhood is a downside,Yuki and Aaron have made another great izakaya fit into this booming neighborhood.  Comfortable inside or out, you're going to taste some great small plates and witness a whole lot more.  Nice wine selection for the Japanese and French plates.  Fantastic for groups.  Plan a couple of hours to let this place soak in.  Excellent price point.Do not come with more than two people. Nothing is big enough to share with more than two people. It seems like a great tapas place. But you'll just get frustrated. Everything is delicious. But it will only get you mad. Come with someone you love. But not with your squad. Also don't bring your boyfriend who only drinks Budweiser or even Abita. He won't like the drink selection.This place is more difficult to get into than Harvard!
Make sure you email the restaurant before you come here. I had emailed them a week prior and they wouldn't take a reservation for less than 6, however they told me to email them before we arrived which i didn't do because i thought they wouldn't be checking emails at 9:30pm. I guess I was wrong and they use email to add names to their "list" here.
Since i was not on the list I waited... and waited... and waited... and waited and finally as the host/owner saw that I was waiting for over an hour he finally sat us down inside. After we sat down the service was very quick for our table and the food came out very fast. I don't know if our service was quick because the owner saw how long and patiently we waited but I saw many other customers complaining about slow food service.
The restaurant itself is very beautiful and romantic and has a very special ambience to it. The food is also truly amazing here and I might even say it was worth the ridiculous wait. We ordered the scallop ceviche (delicious) bok choy (amazing) and the katsu (yum!) and they were all fantastic. The food and drinks came to about $55 and was just filling enough for the 2 of us. Not bad for a more fine dining restaurant.
I would only return if I had a party of 6 or larger and they were able to take a reservation for us, otherwise I would not want my guests waiting for that long to eat.
I really hope this restaurant gets its reservation system figured out because it truly is a nola gem.Holy buckets. Attentive management and staff, rich and fresh food. I'm still swimming in excellent food coma. And thank you for not blinking an eye at 'the cheapest bottle of red you have.'Had the most incredible, beautiful Valentine's dinner at this new secret French spot. The entrance is impossible to find unless you know and they have no phone number. Needless to say I loved it. 
I slowed down on my reviewing because alas I am taking the bar exam in July but I just had to write one for N7 because it was that great of an experience! The food was impeccable and well-seasoned and I truly did feel like I was stepping into a cafe in the heart of Paris away from anything tourist-Y. (If it helps I am European and have also been to Paris lol) Although there were many other people there, it was a weekend, I felt like I Was alone in my own world. Beautiful experience. Thank you! Can't wait to come again after I take the bar exam! :DA magical dining experience that words and pictures don't do justice - you'll just have to eat there to understand. 
We arrived shortly after 6 p.m. and were seated at the cutest table outside with a little tea light candle in an oyster shell. Our waitress was easy to connect with and knowledgeable about each dish. 
We ordered the soup of the day (acorn squash and coconut milk), the grilled cabbage with a Rockefeller sauce (parsley, Pernod, etc.) another daily special, and the steamed mussels in a sake garlic broth. OMG, the flavors in each dish, particularly the soup and cabbage, were delicious and so satisfying. The food was clearly made with love. 
We will certainly be back soon to try everything else.Loved the food, atmosphere and service.  What a hidden gem and looking forward to future visits.A very different occasion is experiencing and writing about a newly opened business as opposed to a newly opened unique business. And the latter is precisely what I am going to review and attempt to write about here.
N7 is that unique type of place. Even the name has to be explained. First of all this new-fangled hangout is named after Route Nationale 7. The old highway that runs from Paris to the border with Italy is the name sake. My first visit had me feeling as if I was back in the French countryside stopping for refreshments on a visit to a historic place outside Paris. N7 is so much like a French Bistro in an area of the Crescent City outside the Vieux Carré or the CBD.
Located at 1117 Montegut St. on the lake side of St. Claude Ave. it is a new pleasurable out of the way enterprise in a fast growing area of the Crescent City to play. No neon or lights but a small sign at the entrance gate which is on the downtown side of Montegut St.  in the first block off St. Claude Ave. You will understand the detailed explanation of the location when you visit. Sort of like going to a Speakeasy in the days of Prohibition and so nice.
Opened Mon - Thur 6-10pm
              Fri  -  Sat   6-11pm
Parking is on the street and has not been a problem. Restrooms are clean. Lots of seating inside and outside to select for an evening of food and drink. Do take a tour of the artwork and old posters throughout the Bistro.
There is no other restaurant or bar that I have visited that comes close to my experience at N7. You can dine and drink inside among beautiful artwork, posters, and stained glass. Or you may wish in the right weather to meet and greet friends en plein air; some areas under the stars and others covered but still outside. There are so many areas to seat yourself that becomes your first decision after entering before ordering something to drink. 
Fantastic background music played at a nice level. There is also seating at a bar to enjoy if you wish. 
Limited bar now with Wines made naturally, Beer, and some very distinctive Sake. Prices are reasonable by my standard. The food is different, tasty, and this is a great place for an evening out with a guarantee of unique ambiance, along with some very good cuisine and drinks that come at a place that has you thinking you are not in New Orleans. 
Some of the selections on the ever growing menu are Scallop with Scallion Sauce, Coq au Rieslings, Pork Katsu, and Sake Cured Salmon that also is prepared with Goat Cheese and Cilantro. And in the French way dessert is a Cheese Plate. 
This is not a place with a large menu or even at this time what I will refer to as a full bar. My rating is based on some very tasty food and good and reasonably priced wine along with Sake and good music. But even above the food and drink is a distinctive place that has me eating, drinking, and carousing as if I am in a place far far away.
This place has my Seal of Approval!!!Such a cozy space to drop in for a glass of wine and some snacks. We enjoyed the mussels most of all, and also had some other little cured fish dishes, all of which were delicious! There is an extensive wine list- I opted for a glass of cava and it was delightful. Excellent food is tied together by the environment-intimate lit tables in the courtyard. Highly recommendThought we would check this new "Bywater" restaurant out. We went after some art openings on Saint Claude around 9pm on Saturday night. It was the biggest pretentious atmosphere that I have ever seen. It was like they were trying to be French A holes, but not even good at that. The restaurant was mostly 75% empty, but it was still impossible to find someone to assist us. When we did talk to the staff, they were basically telling us to F off. We were nicely dressed and were just trying to inquire about the restaurant,  but they were the biggest A holes ever. They are false posers who are trying to cash in on Bywater popularity in the worst way possible.The food exceeded expectations. I had the bok choy, the orange duck, the salmon tartine and the wagyu tataki. Everything was very good. Service and presentation were also excellent.I don't often write restaurant reviews unless I feel strongly about a place. I also don't like to share found spots as I may not be able to get a reservation!  A friend recommended this place and it was really special. I love French food and this combination of French and Japanese was spectacular. The pate, tarte, mussels and bouillabaisse were incredible. Wish I lived closer   I'd be a regular here. Can't wait to returnSecret vermouth in a secret garden, beauty to bask in and imbibe. Somehow equally great for a date or for a large group. What more could you want. Except maybe happy hour.Came here with 2 friends Friday night pretty early around 6pm.  The outside courtyard I love.  We got a table right when we walked in.  We ordered wine and we didn't like any of three that we tried, but decided the third one was the best out of all 3. We ordered the Coa au Riesling- I though it was extremely salty.  We ordered the steak and every piece was fatty and we spit it out.  The pork was cooked perfectly and tasted good.  Pomme frites with aoili the aoili was frozen.  They had votive candles on the table so we "defrosted" it.  We ordered the yellow tail carpaccio.  I wasn't a fan.  The service wasn't the best either.  I am not sure I would revisit.It took me a long time to getting around to writing this review.  I think it's because I was torn between loving this place and feeling that it was just a bit too pretentious.  After overthinking for far too long, I've come to  the conclusion that I just need to enjoy it for what I love about it, the ambience.  
Based on ambience and esthetics alone, it scores a 5.0.  It is truly a hidden Nirvana.  Stepping past the nondescript wooden gate, you almost feel like you stepped into a portal and instantly emerged having crossed the Atlantic.  It is probably the most unique eatery in all of New Orleans.  As  others have stated, it's extremely picturesque and a very romantic setting as you basically sit in a little French countryside garden complete with a European car parked right nearby.  I was taken there on  first date and it made a beautiful first impression to be sure.  I would highly recommend it as a place for a night of sipping wine and enjoying some shared bites.  (It's definitely not the place to go and enjoy a hearty meal).  It's a light bite kind of night, lol 
My date and I picked 4 items to share.  The soup of the day that evening was some sort of squash soup which I positively loved.  And I have never been able to pass up mussels on any menu, and they did not disappoint.  We also got the yellow fin tuna and the scallops.  The tuna was pretty good but I can't say the same for the scallops.  It seems they were not fresh as neither of us could take more than one bite.  
So why did I hold back from a five star rating?  There's just something about the place that comes off a little too pretentious.  The service was a little bit slow and erratic, but they do at least tell you in advance not to expect everything to come out at the same time.  There's no phone number and to my knowledge no way to make reservations you just have to show up and hope for the best.  And I've never been there in inclement weather but I wouldn't even consider going there if the weather were anything but a perfectly clear and beautiful night, because you will likely be sitting outside or at least waiting outside for a table.  
Go and enjoy a slow-paced night of sipping wine in a gorgeous setting and escape New Orleans reality for just a little bit.The steak was bonkers good. It's such a hidden gem. Bartender was playing records and making incredible cocktails. There's a large outdoor dining area. Off the beaten path gem for sure!Great ambience and love their take on French delicacies.  Highly recommend the mussels, avocado salad, and a fresh Caesar salad!  Try this Bordeaux...I am giving the restaurant a single star because I tried several times yesterday to get a reservation.  They only allow it online.  Then when you get online, after a long time of trying, you find out you have to do it through Resy.  So I go to Resy & find out that I must join that site, which I did.  Then I make the reservation for an available time 4 days later.  Then the little working sign just keeps going round and round.  It never completed the reservation, even though I tried 3 more times.  
I heard good things about this place & wanted to go.  There is no phone number to let them know there are problems with the system & no other way to make a reservation.Stepping into N7 is like being transported to a romantic scene in a French movie. The bar/main sitting area is intimate, the courtyard welcoming and perfect for a New Orleans spring evening or first date.
The bar has a list of great wines and the bartender can mix an Old Fashioned like no ones business. 
The menu focuses on small plates and their special, canned seafood which is big in France and Spain. 
We had the avocado salad, it was creamy and the wasabi added a great spicy twist. The pommes frites with aioli are thin, crispy and delicious.
On the canned food I had the mussels in escabeche which, I've been eating since I was a little fat kid along with canned octopus which I hope they add soon. The mussels were great. 
My advise to you when it comes to canned seafood is don't be afraid to alter it. Add lemon or a touch of salt or Tabasco to bring out more flavors. 
All in all big thumbs up for N7.This place is just so interesting, it's hard not to love it. We went almost as soon as we heard about it's existence (not sure why it's taken me this long to review!). I love this it's tucked away. It just seems so cozy. 
We sat in the courtyard and ordered some wine. We also got the pommes frites, habenero smoked oysters, sake cured salmon with goat cheese, and escargot tempura. We were being fairly adventurous for us. The boyfriend loved the canned oysters. It wasn't really my thing, but I "get it." My favorite was the salmon. 
The service was a little sub-par. The girl was nice, but it wasn't as sharp of customer service as you would expect form a nice restaurant. The waitress did remove a cock roach from near our table which was good (it's outside..so you can't fault the place for bugs). 
We have some friends that was to check this place out so we'll be back. There are some other things on the menu we want to give a try.My family ate at N7 last night. If you are planning to go may I recommend a hard pass. The sevice was horrible.  The food decent but not great. One of our party was not served her entree until 45 min after the rest of us were served. We sat outside in the air conditioned patio... no AC.  All this to be expected if the place was packed but we were one of a few in the place. We were hoping for a great meal. We spent 300 to sweat and wait.The overall atmosphere was extremely pleasant; however, my significant other and I were disappointed with the food. We ordered the clams and a beef dish several weeks ago. Some of the clams were warm, while some were cold and had a rubbery texture. In addition, the beef tasted as if it had been frozen before. It was an all around upsetting experience, especially considering the price point. Probably not going back and wouldn't recommend it to anyone else.What a hidden gem! Great place with amazing food and delightful staff. If you can find it will be guaranteed a night to remember. Can wait to go back.Very disappointed in this place. Food was decent but not worth the hassle of trying to get a table for the few nights we were in town. It was a busy evening but our server barely checked on us and didn't share the evenings specials, even though I heard them go over them several times with (bigger, older) tables around us. We never received one of our items that we ordered, scallop ceviche, which my girlfriend and I were looking forward to the most. I've made better Bok Choi in my own kitchen and the aioli with the fries was extremely lemon heavy. We were looking forward to a romantic evening in a cute setting but were sad to experience something different. The floor manager did remove 2 items from our bill: the scallops that we never received and Sam Pellegrino that we never ordered.Everything was delicious, though a bit light for my taste. The Duck a L'Orange was our favorite entree out of 5 diners, and the Pavlova was our top choice for dessert. Ambience was amazing.A great place to get light bites. We came here for dinner not knowing it was more of a tapas place. You have to order 4-5 plates to be satiated. 
The bread dishes are the most filling. We tried the fried escargot which is like 4-5 pieces. They have a crunchy earthy taste. I was expecting what I've had before which was a garlic butter taste. I picked the seared scallops. It's 4 scallops with a dollop of mashed potatoes. 
What stole the show was the duck pate. It brought a few slices of bread with some pickled items in the middle (the red sauce is spicy) and a small jar of tasty pate. I'm not much of a liver person but I enjoyed it. We also got the avocado salad which is around half an avocado with thinly sliced radishes with a splash of lemon.
We were still hungry and decided to get the mushroom flatbread like dish. I think it was called a tarte. It was thinner than a flatbread and had caramelized onions. 
For dessert we got the pavlova which was light and delicate. It had a cream in the middle with a sprinkle of fruit on top.
Overall The food tasted great but keep in mind the portions are very small and nothing is an entree. Everything is sold separately.