It's hard to know where to start on this review because our experience went from bad to worse.  I don't ever go to Nacho Mama's expecting five star cuisine - in fact, I am mainly there for the queso dip.  However, two weeks ago my husband and I went to Elmwood and had what may have been the best fish taco I've ever had and I was craving one, but trying to stay local.  Hence our visit to Magazine.  I ordered a 'rita; my husband a mojito.  They had to "find" some mint -  which it looked like they might have found in a pond.  Lots of slimy black floaties.  I returned that drink to the bar and trade it in on a 'rita.  Stuff happens, right?  Okay... We order our meals.  Fish tacos for the adults and a steak taco for our daughter.  Oh, and the aforementioned queso.  Chips and queso arrive after a reminder to our waitress.  The chips are greasy.  But I'm hungry, so I let it go.  Well, until I notice that the chip in my hand is greasy and *hairy*.  Sweet baby king cake Jesus.  Having waited tables, I can overlook a lot, but hair in food is a non-negotiable for me.  But I did instinctively flick it away and threw the offending chip to the floor.  I then removed the chips from play.  About that same time, our food arrived.  Have I mentioned we'd been there quite awhile?  Anyway, the tacos come wrapped in paper.  Oh good!  Yummy fish tacos at long last!  I unwrap mine and it's a) warmer than ice cold but colder than room temperature.  It's a temperature that cannot be blamed on the waitstaff.  This is simply a preparation issue.  My husband's are cold and so is my daughter's steak taco.  To their credit, although the rice was also stone cold, the black beans were nuclear hot.  And probably nuked, come to think of it.  Oh, and did I mention that my fish taco is some putrid pink/brown color.  Like Fancy Feast, but now with capers!  I should also mention that at this point I have forbidden everyone at the table from eating *anything* else.  But our waitperson is now MIA.  So I have to enlist another staffer to get the manager.  I do have to say that the manager handled everything well-  comped everything and offered to buy us dinner, but at that point...well, it's going to be awhile before I am ready to venture in again.  We ended up down Magazine at Rum House (which also seemed to be having an off night, but not so off as to risk people's health and well-being).House margarita on the rocks + mama's taco plate = $15
Average food. Expensive price. Nothing special.I'm a regular here for more than one reason. The food is consistent and tasty with many baja style dishes to choose from. Fish & Shrimp tacos are good, & the chicken tortilla soup is true to its name (great for hangovers and the sniffles too). Nacho Mama's location has great outdoor seating for people watching, the casually hip atmosphere and attitude add to my relaxing experience too... But, sometimes you'll get bad service, realize its a little over-priced or go on "bland salsa" day.. That's something to consider, I guess...stopped by for happy hour 2 for one drinks.  got the chips and dip. nice thin chips, freshly cooked by the looks of the grease on them... no salt, no flavor.  Thank goodness for the 2 for one drinks.  can not speak for the rest of the menu.  But will not be back.  .Great place and atmosphere if you're craving Mexican food(with a Louisiana flair). Try the pitcher of watermelon margarita- worth the trip just for that!This place isn't one I'd make a trip for. The Tortilla Soup was good but the service was pretty bad. The waitress took forever to just bring us a glass of water. It lacks in decor, good food, and service but if you want to go just to say you've been to a restaurant called "Nacho Mamas" then go. That's why I went!Kinda mediocre.  I usually find myself here when I am heading somewhere else on Magazine and I get hungry.
The margaritas aren't bad, but the food is nothing great.  One plus is that you can sit outside on nice days.Not really much to say. I was there on a very slow Sunday afternoon, sat at the bar, the bartender was nice. Pretty limited on their beer selection but at least they had Abita Amber. I ventured myself on the "Big Jerk burrito"... Wasn't the best burrito ever... In fact, a little too "jerky" for my taste; the rice tasted like those instant rice mix type. Again nothing special, and found a little odd that the meal came with a side of black beans... When the burrito itself was filled with them... I really didn't touch them. 
I can't say it was too bad for the price I paid. I've heard the Margaritas are pretty good, but again haven't really tried them. The only thing that ticked me off a little was the fact that even though the bartender was pretty friendly, everyone else seemed to be pretty upset... Maybe cause it was too slow. Maybe they just wanted to go home... I don't know.
I'll definitely give it another try, but not anytime soon.The food is decent but not worth the price, but the drinks are better.  The service was good, and I wasn't hungry when I left, I just wasn't impressed by anything.  If you want good mexican food, there are plenty of other places to go.Ive been here only a handful of times, and am never impressed. Actually, generally disappointed. 
I tend to stumble in there, when suffering high levels of inebriation, which for me should make the entire experience just fabulous (Im a very happy drunk...) Regardless, I'm pretty sure thats the only reason I return. 
The wait is long, the service is tacky at best, and their food is boring. It's all horribly bland, which they disguise in too much jalapeno. I love jalapenos, but thats not even fun anymore.As a eating establishment, this place sucks.
The only decent thing on the menu is the chips and salsa.  Yes, you have to pay for them, but its worth it.
The rest of the food is barely passable as mexican/tex-mex or food at all, really.  If you want something good to eat, go down Magazine to Juan's Flying Burrito.
Happy hour is good though.Not my favorite place in NO. Food is good but not great. Atmosphere is ... mediocre. If you're stuck on that side of town, try Rum House tacos or Salu!'s paella. Both beat the pants off Nacho Mama's.Weak Mexican food. It's been years since I've been here, so they could have improved, but it doesn't appear so based on the reviews. When I went, I ordered steak fajitas. They were greasy, fatty, and overall not well-prepared. Moreover, the margaritas (the cornerstone of a good Mexican meal) were not very good.
To top it off, the prices weren't desirable either. You pay through the nose at Superior Grill, but at least the food there is good. There aren't that many options for Mexican Food in New Orleans, but there are still far better options than this.The worst way to end a fabulous New Orleans weekend...
Nacho Mama's. 
This was my least favorite restaurant in New Orleans after living here for five years. This weekend I got suckered into going for the last time. I was wooed by a persuasive maid of honor and promises of a new chef. The food was actively worse than its ever been. But that's not the point of this review.
We arrived and things seemed  promising. Three separate waitresses asked us where we would like to sit. They assisted in putting together two tables for our group of seven. They promptly asked if we would like to order apps or drinks. The margs were decent.  And then things started to go down hill.
Ten dollars for chips, queso, guac, and salsa. Get real. Real Mexican restaurants don't charge for chips. My friend Caroline is insisting I emphasize the poor ratio of chips to dip. But then things got worse.
The fire alarm went off. For twenty minutes. The fire department came. The owner came. And the fire alarm continued. Until he brought out a ten foot ladder, placed it less than twelve inches from our table, climbed up it, and ripped it off the ceiling. (Forcing my friend to get up, with her plate, so he could step on the table to get on to the ladder.)  Over the table. Where our food was sitting. Is this real life?
Don't worry though, the owner generously comped my friends nachos that came out COLD AND WRONG. Additionally one pitcher of margaritas was on the house. For twenty minutes of ear rape. 
But things got worse when the waitress accidentally spilled another friends soup on her lap and said "Careful it's hot. Oh, did I spill that on you?" then sashayed away. 
This one garbage star I am giving to Nacho Mama's is for the separate checks we received. I love a good separate check. But remember, parties of 6 or more are automatically charged 18% gratuity :)
Lastly let's get to the whole enchilada ( I say that because I ordered the enchiladas, PUKE CITY). New chef or not the food is garbage. I'm down for mediocre Mexican. Go to Felipe's or just crack a jar of pickled jalapenos. You'll save money either way.
I had never eaten crunchy enchiladas until tonight. As mentioned earlier the nachos were cold and cheese was not melted. No ones dish was the jam of the week. And please remember my lady lumps and I are chowing down while listening to the smooth sounds of industrial fire alarm.
Nacho Mama's: had you comped a seven person bill you would have had seven girls leaving, laughing, with a great story to tell. Instead, seven grown ass women are going to tell everyone they know about the ridiculous dinner they had. EMPHASIS ON BAD FOOD AND BAD SERVICE.
See you never. Literally.Don't let the bad reviews scare you off like I almost did. This was a really really good meal. Big Portions, good service, and the food was yummy from the chips, salsa, and queso to my chimichanga and my partners fajitas.  We were stuffed when we left and extremely satisfied!  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars was street parking was a bit hard to find... but worth it !!!!Ok the owner contacted me as he was concerned about my negative review and informed me that he had recognized the drop in quality and that he had worked with a chef to revamp the menu and that I should return to try it out again.  I will raise my prior 1 star (that I wanted to give a zero for) to two stars just for the fact that he has recognized there are some serious issues here and he says he is working on it.  I'm nothing if not reasonable and I really do care that our NOLA restaurants meet a certain standard.  So I'm perfectly willing to sample a revamped menu and try food again.  I also LOVE food and I would be extremely happy if Nacho Mama's served food I liked as it would give me more dining options.  
My initial plan was to return three times to sample things to give a fair evaluation.  I asked the owner what he recommended and he told me the tacos (with his favorites being the panko crusted catfish and the arbol steak), the taquitos appetizer, shrimp chimichurri, fajitas, or one of the signature tortas.  So one day when I wasn't feeling particularly hungry I finally got the courage up to sample some Nacho Mama's food again.
I really had to force myself to go inside as I've got powerful memories of bad experiences in there and getting sick from eating the food so I had to really focus some willpower to just walk in.  First impression was that there was a fantastic smell of food cooking so that is a big thing and eased my initial anxiety.  The menu is definitely revamped and much improved looking from what was in there previously.  I ordered the two taco plate and got a chicken and lime shrimp with a side of guacamole, and an iced tea.  My initial visual impression when I got my food was that the rice in a scoop ball looked like I didn't get very much rice (it was plenty but visually it initially looked small until I spread it out); I also thought the tacos were a bit lighter on the fillings compared to other places;  I also hought the shrimp were smaller than all the other shrimp tacos I've had in the area which isn't necessarily bad as sometimes they can soak up more flavor but my initial thought was ummm small baby shrimp.  The food smelled good and I started with the chicken taco which had some good flavors but I found it very dry (compounded by the corn tortilla which I think might be the worst chokingly dry soft corn tortilla I've ever had and it crumbled apart it was so dry).  The shrimp tasted good but again the tortilla was very dry but not as dry as the chicken.  If I didn't know better I would say they were stale but all they really needed was a bit of steaming to soften them up more so an easy fix to greatly improve that experience.  I next ate my rice and black beans which had a very good flavor and I liked those.  When I payed my bill it came to $13.44 so with tip that seemed a bit expensive for two tacos so that didn't seem like a good value to me for what I got and I would probably head to Juan's or Sarita's if I just wanted some tacos and I would get more bang for my buck.  So I was thinking that it was improved from what it used to be but it still isn't that great... and then I had a slight bit of a tummy ache that night which I attributed to the tough tortillas.
Sticking to my initial game plan I decided to once again venture forth and sample the fajitas.  I ordered the shrimp and steak combo and when it came out I was rather shocked at how small an order it was.  There were only four shrimp and five pieces of meat on the platter!  I had a huge plate of "fixings" with guacamole, sour cream, fresh salsa, cheese, and lettuce that was much larger than my fajita plate.  There just seemed to be some great disconnect between the two things and I was left with lots of extra fixings.  My fajita's alone were $18.66 (before tip) and for like another $2 they would have thrown in rice and beans.  The fajitas tasted "ok" but I felt that it was a horrible rip off for such a small portion of meat and I could have had a lot better food at many other places for that price.  I was still considering returning one last time to fulfill my initial plan until my stomach started gurgling and then I got to spend all last night and a lot of this morning with a very sick stomach.  I have figured out that this isn't due to food poisoning as the effects on my stomach are much more akin to what happens when I eat something with evil fake fat, like Olean, in it.  So something that they are using to cook with is having a serious adverse effect on my stomach but it isn't to the same degree as food poisoning.  
My END evaluation is that the food here is a terrible value that just isn't up to par (cheap drink specials though).  I seriously believe this place needs EXTREME changes to produce decent food and I gave the owner the contact info to apply to Gorden Ramsay's show.  I can't see myself ever returning to eat here unless Gorden whips this place into shape as I don't want my stomach feeling like this again!I give 2.4 stars.
Food is decent, but I've tried quite a number of burritos that were bad.  Plus they make you pay for chips and salsa!  I say Boo-urns.  Maybe it depends on what you order, but on my list of mexican restaurants this one is towards the bottom.This place isn't terrible - it's just that it is basically the Applebee's/Chili's/Bob Evans's of Mexican food.  A vague Americanized approximation of Mexican food, done up with some fatty-fat-fat sauces and served with an over-sweet margarita.  Personally, if I am going to get a pseudo-TexMex fix, I am going to go to Juan's, but to each their own!I have to agree with the other reviews, the drinks were good, chips and salsa were great, but I was not impressed with the food in the least bit. I can say that unlike the other reviews OUR SERVICE WAS EXCELLENT.  From the second we walked through the door, until we left our waitress and the other staff that greeted us was phenomenal.  I gave them so many stars because I would return for their great happy hour specials, I'm not sure I'd stay for a meal.I've eaten here four times over multiple years since they first opened and it has been consistently terrible with basically everything consisting of just a big pile of bad-melted-greasy-congealed-plastic "cheese" over some very substandard mush of tortillas and whatever else you happened to order as your filling (and it tastes worse than it sounds and we won't discuss what it does to my stomach).  I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican food but I can't even qualify this as Tex-Mex (or really as edible food).  This is just some of the worst food I've had anyplace.  The service is pointless to even discuss because there is none.  Most of the other reviews here are just being WAY too nice or are counting in the cheap drinks BUT the drinks don't even come close to redeeming anything about the place.  I observe people eating the food OFTEN on my way to drink at the Bulldog and it looks consistently disgusting and people often leave large portions untouched at deserted tables.  
I usually wish the best for anyplace contributing to business in NOLA and want them to succeed but this place has been so BAD for so LONG they just need to close and make way for something better to replace it.  I'm ASHAMED to have this place in my neighborhood!!! This joint is a ZERO and not even worthy of 1 Star.  This is permanently on my "no go" list!I've only been here a few times, usually for drinks, once for some alcohol absorption grub, but the one special thing I really like about this place is the big 'ol fishbowl margarita you can get for $12 on St. Pat's Day. I've seen people transform before my very eyes drinking these tubs of green, from sober human being to staggering zombie meat puppet, all while getting pummeled by speeding cabbages and Irish man lips. It's pretty much the best deal I know of for St Pat's parade drinking, and fair warning they run out within hours too so you have to grab them while you can. I'm curious but don't know if they offer them during any other times. I just know that if you want to drink something green other than beer or the blood of the nearest Vulcan on St. Patrick's, then one of these will do the job just fine.
Other than that, I don't have much to say about this place. It's a solid 3 stars that isn't amazing or abominable. It may even be 4 stars now, with the word on the street being it's improved lately, but I'd need to eat more here first to make that call.Service was pretty slow--I wasn't greeted for almost 8 minutes and once I was given a menu--it took another 10 to get service.
I guess that was in my favor because I had enough time to check Yelp reviews and read that the food wasn't great--I ordered a strawberry Abita and chips and salsa. 
Chips were fresh out of the fryer and served in a medium sized sand pail; the salsa was chunky with roasted tomatoes. Good deal for $2.
The Abita was pricey at $4.50 for bottled given that other spots in the area had them for $3.50 and under.
2 for 1 margarita deals at happy hour, credit card accepted here.Want a $25 plate of nachos? Order nachos with everything on them. You get to find out the peice tag when the bill shows up. Jack assed waiter thought $25 for a plate of nachos was reasonable.
Nachos weren't even $10 good.
The one in Harahan produces equally terrible food. The waiter over there exclaimed,"our mexican pizza is the mother f****** bomb!" How do you not try something so eloquently recommended?
20 minutes later cardboard and cheese showed up... unfortunately you don't know how horrible it is until it has passed your lips.
Don't bother with any of these TexMex crap holes unless you think McDonald's is the pinnacle of culinary pursuits.Food was good... Was a lil cold considering The grill was just a few feet away.... Service was great. Got the fish and shrimp tacos for $9 and a margarita and it came to $16!!! The margarita was good could've used a bit more tequila but was worth it... The waitress was extremely nice and attentive.Not Good.  Went after a hornets game about 30 minutes before they closed.  Everyone looked at us like we had done something wrong.  Won't be going back any time soon.  I've heard the location in elmwood area is better.New Orleans is a great town for food, but Mexican isn't one of strongsuits. 
Go for the margaritas - a good variety of tequila, large, cold and served as fast as you want them.
Leave when you're ready for food.This was the first Mexican restaurant I visited after moving to the city. The food is decent, but I was a little surprised that you actually have to pay for chips and salsa (most Mexican restaurants include them) but it is located in a college area, so I guess it makes sense ... even if it sucks. They have great daily, 3-7 happy hours and the Bull Dog is next door, this is a great place to grab dinner and get the party started. The wait staff is friendly and the margaritas are yummy.Food just OK, nice to sit outside on Magazine on a cool night though. Service also just OK, nothing special, Superior Grill is better.The setting: Saturday morning standing in line outside of Slim Goodies
The plot: two staggeringly hungover men can't wait any longer in the hot sun without alcohol to stop the throbbing in our heads
The journey: My friend Ruben and i decided to walk until we found some place, any place that was open that served alcohol.  It was like 9:45am and nothing else opened up until 10:00 or 11:00.  
Finding the door of Nacho Mama's slightly ajar we slipped inside, but didn't get more than a step inside before an employee yelled "Hey, not open yet!"
"But the door's open!"
"Yeah, we don't open until 10:30 sorry."
"Oh...it's...it's just that we are really hungover and can't find any place to buy booze."
Employee ponders this for a moment, smiles, looks around and says "You got cash?"
"Yes!  Cash!"
We order two bloody Marys without realizing that they are 2 for 1.  
The bartender hollers to all the other workers "Anybody want a bloody while I am making them?"
We try to stop him from dumping an ungodly amount of vodka into 4 separate cups, but he won't have it and says they are two for one.
The man was a saint.  He took our cash so it didn't show up as a sale prior to opening the restaurant and who knows if he ever stuck it in the register.
I really don't care.  The bloodies were god awful, but three stars for breaking the rules to save us some pain.
The End.The white queso dip is freakin great. The Cheesy Chimichanga or Great Western Burrito are also very good...other than that its not all that spectacular but if you stick to those three things I think you'll be happy you went. The drinks are average.I literally downloaded the yelp app to say NO to nacho mamas. Miserable food. Burnt rice. Floppy uncooked store bought tortillas. Bad hot sauce from denver. I mean REALLY bad. I've been here a half dozen times before and its never been good. Tonight lowered the standard even more. Awful. . .
...good service though!Superb Nachos (Mama's Nochos) Good Wait Staff. No hassles and a nice place to be on a HOT!! Saturday afternoon.Cute vibe, witty place, but inauthentic Mexican food and expensive prices for what you get. As a California girl, I was a little offended by their "California Burrito," which was overpowered by the taste of black olives and nothing else. It's places like this that make me miss the taco truck down the street back home in California. The search for good Mexican food in New Orleans continues.Pros:
Outdoor seating
Makes me appreciate Juans and Superior more
Makes a good conversation piece when wanting to complain about something
Cons: 
Food
Heartburn causing margaritas
Management (long story)
Their name
Their t-shirts
Their attitude
It takes up space another resaurant could be using
Prices
The fact they had the audacity to open another one in Metairie
That I must walk past it when walking my dogWent here with a decent sized group (7 people) after moving a bunch of furniture up a long flight of stairs. When we arrived, there was no room inside for a group our size, so we had to sit outside. Which was a little chilly, since it was January at the time. However, after talking to our waitress, she did snag two adjacent tables for us inside the restaurant as soon as a few people left, so we were able to move inside right after our chips and salsa arrived.
About the chips... I'm not a big fan of paying for chips & salsa at a Mexican restaurant. I must say, though, that the salsa was probably better than the free salsa you get at most Mexican joints. The guacamole and queso dip were both good, too.
I had the fish and shrimp tacos, which were pretty good. The shrimp taco was really good. The fish taco was ok, but not nearly as good as the shrimp taco.
Service wasn't the fastest, but this is New Orleans, so I'd say it was about average for this city. They also DO take credit cards, which is never a given down here.
Overall, I had a pretty good time there, and I'll probably end up there again if I'm craving Mexican food and I'm in the neighborhood.One cuisine N.O. has been lacking as far as I can remember is Mexican. Back in the day the closest thing you could get was Taco Bell. First time I had some real Mexican food was when I moved to TX. Wow! So that's what I was missing. Ok, fast forward and I move back to N.O. Hear about this place, leery, but give it a shot.  Now, this place does have Mexican-ish food, but it doesn't hold a candle to real Mex food (lived in TX for a bit). After I got the bill I realized they charge for chips and salsa. Not cool since chips and salsa for a Mex restaurant are like bread for most other places - they just bring it out to you to munch on, for free. It is a step up from Taco Bell, but there are far too many other really good non-Mex restaurants in this town to consider this place again. Too bad because I really do miss good Mex food. Margaritas were fine. Location is the only reason this place is doing well, or folks here don't know what good Mex food is.I went in the middle of a work day there were no other customers. I was seated near the kitchen. 
The rice was hard, the food was cold. 
eat at your own risk...The margarita specials during the week make for a decent deal, and if you drink enough of them you don't care that the food is mediocre. Pretty standard tex-mex at casual dining prices in a dining room/bar with big-screen TVs means the place mainly hosts a bar crowd watching the game.I returned with a friend for dinner mostly because of the convenient location and I had a $10 off coupon with a minimum purchase, why not? 
I'll tell you why never again! Our service, food and overall experience sucked. Really sucked, our nachos were cold, but since we only saw our waitress periodically I didnt feel like waiting to send them back, then I got the wrong meal, again, I was there with a friend, shes super shy, didnt want to be difficult and/or embarrass her, maybe our server was having an off day. I waitressed for years, it happens. Then we went to pay, we ordered well over the minimum purchase, but since along with other drinks, we order two of the sangrias on special ($4 I think) we couldnt use our coupon, but our servers explanation was the best "I dont know, my manager is weird". So whatev, I'm a pushover and didnt want to seem like a cheap ass who was disgruntled over a coupon, so I paid the full bill with 20% tip. On the way out, my friend, that I didnt want to embarrass turned to me and mentioned that our waitress was really rude to us and we shouldve asked to speak to a manager. So we agreed and said why ruin our night over it, its a done deal, or so we thought. I woke up at 3am with I pray to God worst food poisoning I'll ever have in life. Apparently even my stomach wanted to return the food for a refund!  I didnt want to assume it was Nacho Mamas, but my friend and I had shared everything we ate that entire day, the only difference was that I was eating the ice like a maniac throughout dinner and she didnt have ice in her drinks. So, instead of bashing them in a review and telling everyone I know that Nacho Mamas is El Diablo, I sent an email to the address on the website and explained our disappointment and said that I got sick from what I assume was their ice. I was polite and said "I dont want to talk bad about your restaurant without at least contacting you". I got a condescending email back from the owner that I'm the only one that got sick, fine whatever, maybe my stomach is weak, but then he laid out a 1-2 paragraph snarky definition of 'good business' for me on why they couldnt take the coupon because we ordered the drink special sangrias complete with "just ask any other restaurant and they'll tell you, thats just how business works". Well Mr Businessman, Reginelli's lets you use their coupons on $2 pitcher of beer night and they have a higher star rating than your restaurant and are noticeably more full when I pass by. If he was so business savy perhaps Nacho Mamas wouldnt have the lowest stars of any local Mexican restaurant??? Just saying...I hope this place burns to the ground. Literally.
My first summer in law school I figured I'd take a waitressing job here, after waitressing in SF and making a small fortune doing so. not only is the minimum wage with waitressing in nola $2 (vs. $9 something/hr in SF plus tips obviously, but i digress), but this place is run by incompetents.  I'd always heard the food here sucked ass, but never tried it myself, and it was nearby, so in my random application process, i ended up here.  The co-owner (wife) seemed nice, and when the barely literate 'manager' called me to come in to 'go over the menu' a couple nights later i was excited to begin working...I came in and they were shocked that i hadnt come in that am (apparently the imbecile who told me to come in that afternoon to 'look over the menu' meant to tell me to come in in the MORNING to TRAIN. as in not look over the freaking menu, but to actually begin working. either way, wouldnt typical protocol be to call me that morning when i didnt show?? having put this event in my phone, and being a responsible law school student, it seems fairly obvious to me that the 'management' is inept.).  a couple days later, i was terminated for my failure to come in that am, to which i responded with a lengthly letter to the owner, that it was their managers fault, as she told me to come in that 'afternoon to look over the menu.' As i'm responsible, i brought waitress style clothing just to be safe, although i dont believe that would be implied when told to 'come in to look over the menu'.  
As i'm rambling now with rage 1.5 yrs later at the absolute idiocy that this place embodies, i'll discuss other details of the restaurant.  As my friends had previously said, the food here is awful. bland bland bland.  my boyfriend liked the margaritas as theyre fairly cheap, and we all repeatedly would get heartburn from the shitty jose.  to top it all off, i have heard (and experienced nothing else myself), that the service is BEYOND poor. the staff is comprised of artsy assholes, who dont give a flying rats ass if you have any food/water/have ordered/have died at the table from food poisoning. literally, you will bus your own table and if you ever see a refill of water or anything else you are beyond lucky.  everyone i know in nola has had nothing but negative experiences here, and after the first termination of my LIFE, due to someone elses incompetence, i have refused (as have all my friends) to ever set foot in this shit establishment again.  if you like wasting money on bland food and god awful service then feel free, as the 'owner' informed me in response to my letter addressing my inappropriate termination, they were 'overhauling' the management. Strangely years later, i have still yet to hear anything good about nacho mamas.Turns out that there is a bad restaurant in New Orleans and this is it.  Which is a shame because it's in a great location.  The food is terrible, the service is unprofessional and the owner is kind of an idiot.  He came to our table because we were a little tipsy and loud about the quality of the meal.  He did knock $2 bucks off though for the terrible salsa (how do you mess up salsa?).  Overall, a lousy place to go.  The burrito was bad, the tacos were terrible and the whole place was sticky like beer had been spilled everywhere.  I would just not go there again.I went here on a whim, for a early lunch.  Connor, our sever, was excellent - prompt, friendly, and entertaining.  The Bloody Marys and Mimosas were two for one.  The Bloody Marys, made from scratch by bartender Jen, are seriously the best in the city.  I had the taco salad, which was delicious and spicy.  My only complaint about the whole experience is that the salad could have used a little more lettuce and less accouterments.I love the Harahan location, this one, not so much.
As soon as we tried to grab a seat the bartender barks at us quite rudely that the table is reserved. So we find someone to help us and they inform us the wait is about 15 mins.
We grab seats at the bar, where the bartender ignores us and never asks if we want a drink or anything (fine with me, because I wouldn't have tipped him anyways).
We finally get seated, and our waitress is slllllooooowwww (even for a Saturday night). Barely checks on us, but can you blame her since she got her automatic gratuity for a party of  5 people?
The food was so-so and my drink was just meh. We would have been better off whipping up the same mediocre food at home. And paying for chips and salsa? Womp, I thinks not!Let me start by saying that it doesn't take a lot to make me happy, when I go out to eat...which is often. This place is so convenient that I have tried it three times. Well, after two bad experiences, the third time was not the charm! This place is just terrible. It's filthy inside, and if you are lucky enough to sit outside, be prepared for an unpleasant sewer-like smell wafting over your food. This happened twice, so it was not a fluke. The servers are not attentive, and you have to wait forever to even get noticed. The food is truly nothing great, and the margaritas are weak, and taste like they are made from a mix. Please take heart and head to Juan's Flying Burrito, just down the street. You'll thank me! It has a better atmosphere, fantastic food, perfect service, and really delicious margaritas. I will never return to Nacho Mama'sThere was a time, before the hurricane (and briefly after re-inhabitation) when Nacho Mama's was delicious, quality Mexican, where the happy hour was good, and the food was substantial and cheap for how yummy it was.  There was a time when it outshone all the other restaurants on that street.  The service was decent and it was a great place to get a margarita and some nachos.
For the past two years, I don't know what happened, but the waitstaff is unbearable, and the food is just gross.
I just don't understand.This place is disgusting.  It makes me sad that they're taking up precious real estate space in such a great area of Magazine.starving after roaming around the NO streets and having margaritas at another location, my lovely friends roll into Nacho Mama's for a humor-filled dining experience. 
I had a chimichanga which was pretty good. cheesy, the chicken was tasty too...the beans, however, tasted like rubber, but after a few pitchers of margaritas, it didn't matter.  the queso the pretty delightful too...
our waitress, Amy, was fun and was able to keep up with our little crazy group!Great place for good food and the best Margarita's. Casual and fun. The Fajita's were great.Not the best food you'll have but its definitely a good mexican alternative, and a much better experience than Juan's.  The food is good (not great), the prices are reasonable (not cheap),I love this place!  The food is great and the price is right.  I love the fajitas and the skirt steak.  Ummmmhummm.  Yummy!  I'm not a drinker but my friends were raving about the frozen margaritas and all the great tequila.  I also love the burritos at this quaint joint.  Nacho Mama's was also one of the first restaurants to reopen after Katrina.  These owners are first class NOLA peeps in my book!I wish I could give this place 2.5 stars, but 3 will do.  It's a great place to go to when you want to sit outside with your girlfriends eating chips and salsa and drinking, but aside from the chips and salsa (and the queso which is also amazing), the other food items on the menu are terrible.  it's definitely no superior grill.
Like most places on Magazine St, it's pretty dog friendly so you can sit outside with your dog.  
The downside is the waitstaff sucks.  They act like you should be kissing their butts in order for them to do their job.  And if you DARE ask any of them something simple like "can I please place a food order?" after waiting over 20 minutes for them to come see you, they'll just refuse to come back.   The worst staff aside from Reginelli's. 
But if you sit at the bar or just order drinks & chips, it's fine.  In fact it's really one of my favorite places to drink on Magazine St.  Too bad it closes so early compared to real bars.Nondescript Mexican dining experience.  About the only distinguishing thing about this place is that it allows pets/dogs in the outdoor dining area.  Other than that, head to Felipe's or Superior Grill for better Tex-Mex food, or head to Squeal BBQ for better nachos.This was a terrible meal.  I kept thinking it was me...it had to be me.  But it's not, the food was just...blah.  Besides the fact that it's on Magazine and has some outdoor seating, there was not much else I was pleased about.
Our wait staff was slow and super dismissive, even though we were in a huge group that could have racked up some major tips.  I felt sorely disappointed when we left.Decent stop. Went on a Thursday and didn't have a wait, which is good and bad. Didn't want to wait for a basic meal. Had chips and queso. Chips a but salty, but overall good. The margaritas were good also - nothing spectacular, but solid. Then I went for a chimichanga which was very good. If looking for a great Mexican meal, don't go here, but if you're looking for a solid meal without a long wait, go for it.I'll give Nacho Mama's a three star because of their Margaritas.  The over all experience was mediocre at best.    Just head down the street to Juan's.Nacho Mama's did a good job despite massive Mardi Gras crowds.
During Bacchus/Endymion weekend I needed a break from work, and a friend needed a break from parades. We decided to have lunch and Nacho mama's was close to both of us. After reading the reviews, I am kind of surprised since I had a pretty good experience.
Because of the parades, the place was packed. We were still seated immediately, but shortly after we arrived a wait was in effect. Our server was great. Despite the crowds she was attentive, friendly and seemed happy to be working there. For entrees we both had the pulled pork burritos done Californian style. The pulled pork was perfectly cooked. I never envisioned pulled pork as Mexican food, but it works perfectly in a burrito. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
My friend got a large margarita which was reported to be very good. Tequila and I have an agreement so I did not partake, but the drink was large and somewhat reasonable at $11.
I will have to return on a normal day and see if anything changes.I didn't eat any food here, but the margaritas are great. Hey - if I'm willing to shell out $15 for a fishbowl of margarita for the Irish Channel St. Patricks parade, it better be good.
Also, thanks for setting up a separate table outside for selling the 'ritas. Much appreciated by those of us pushing around a stroller!I actually frequented NM quite a bit when I first moved to NOLA. I was excited to find this location on Magazine, as I always went to Clearview. Well, everytime I come to this location I leave disappointed.
I always order the California burrito...somehow or another they cannot figure out how to ensure the inside is warm...I understand some ingredients are cold, but the chicken and black beans?! Being served cold food (regularly) is not acceptable...Took the family for dinner and met another family there.  Eight of all all together.  The service was good.  The Magazine location is much more of a bar with tables than a restaurant, like the Clearview location.
The food is average.  I had the appetizer sampler and my wife had the chimichanga.  I think if you approach the place as a bar that serves Mexican food, instead of a Mexican restaurant, you'll be fine.  It is disappointing to have to pay for chips and salsa.I've tried this place 3 times but every time, I have a hard time ordering anything other the Californa Nachos. They are AMAZING! I'd pass on the drinks here unless you are a tequila drinker. They always seem to have great specials on Margaritas. I have had their Mojito and it was just OK. I have tried their Sangria and as Mexican restaurant I was appalled! It was absolutely disgusting. My friend tried their white Sangria and same thing. nasty! When we asked the waiter about it, he said "it's a work in progress, so we're trying to work out the kinks on the recipe". I thought that was odd, but ok. She sent her drink back I just kept mine just to not create any drama. I love the nachos here, so whenever I'm in the mood, I'll return- just not for drinks!Nacho Mama's is a decent place to have a casual(!) lunch or dinner. To be honest, the only reason I sometimes end up dining here is 1. location and 2. 2-4-1margaritas -not because the food is so tasty... I've been to enough Mexican joints in this city to know that this is probably as good as it gets for the price range. If I want faster service and better food I'll have to go the extra (half)mile down to Superior.Wow.  This place has majorly improved in the year since my last review.  I have been here a few more times since I last reviewed and I have pretty much enjoyed it every single time.  I usually get a burrito, which comes with a side of chips.  I like the queso, but if you want just salsa, they will charge you for it.  Chips and salsa are not free here as they are at other places.  
This is a pretty good place to eat on major holidays.  I remember eating here on the 4th of July when other places were packed and I had a really good time.  While Nacho Mama's will never rank as high as "Felipe's" in my book, I would definitely not hesitate to eat here if I was in the area.I really wanted to like this place- Mexican and close to my house! 
But, honestly, there's not any reason I'd go back. The food was just boring and the bill was way too much for what we ate. Not many vegetarian options... I do believe that my meat eating company enjoyed the experience more than I did. 
Plus: there is nice seating outside on Magazine street and the inside was open and spacious (when I went).Wonderful chips & salsa & margaritas too! Did not eat, just enjoyed the BOGO margaritas & mimosas. That's EVERY Sunday! ¡Olé!What came first the Nacho or the Mama??? Who knows but what I do know is they serve up a mean margarita and HH specials, good (not great) chips and salsa.  Like any other Tex Mex place dont be prepared to be overwhelmed (I dont know many that do).
Don't expect much in the food realm but it is a great place to sip on some margies and munch on chips.Never never never again. The service was fine but who cares how good the service is if the food sucks? It's obvious, they buy the cheapest meat they can find. I'm guessing Wal-Mart meat section. It's full of fat and greasy. The cheese they put on top of everything tastes like wax and leaks oil onto your plate. Go to the drug store and find the cheapest chips and canned salsa you can find, and that's what their chips and salsa tastes like. Tasteless and boring. And they have the nerve to charge me for this?Really disappointed by the food considering the hype. Then I realized that it wasn't really hype, it was just a friend of mine who heard that it was good. Well, here's some advice; it's not.This place is pretty good. I've been a few times and each time I was pleased. The waitstaff always seems awesome and the margaritas were tasty. 
My absolute favorite thing about this place? Their ranch dressing. I'm not even kidding. Order some even if you don't need it for anything because you will probably just want to bathe yourself in it. It's delicious.My mom and I stopped in on our last night of Mardi Gras for a drink and some chips and salsa. I can't speak to the other bad experiences referenced here, but for what we were after, we really enjoyed this spot. The chips come with a "you pick three" choice of dips - we went for pico de gallo, white queso and guacamole. 
I thought all three were good. My margaritas were quite nice and she had beer so it's hard to screw that up. 
I love Magazine Street and maybe that makes me like the places there more, I don't know. It was a nice alternative to the too-crowded-for-me Bulldog next door.The first few times I came here, I would end up having a couple of margaritas before the food came out and everything tasted good.  Then I came here on a night when I chose not to drink and the food was... awful, at best.  The service was slow, and when the queso came out there was steam coming from the cup, but the queso itself was cold and thick and clumpy - queso should be smooth and creamy and hot, or warm at the very least.  The rest of the food was no better, and about half way through the meal we gave up and called for a check.  Definitely don't plan to come back unless there are margaritas involved.How on God's green earth is this place open still?? Margaritas are average at best, Food is funky and not a good funky. 
Had a nice hair in my nachos on my ONLY visit.
Way too many good Mexican restaurants in this city to waste time at this 
palace of poop.Wife and I ventured out after a movie.  Average margaritas and will say I am not a fan of the Watermelon 'Rita. But server substitued with a top shelf and it was good enough.  Food was good, not great. All in all, we will go back.Would not have went here if I had seen the reviews beforehand. We actually had a really good experience. Our server, Taylor, was great. The food was great, and so were the margaritas. I give 4/5 stars since the chips and salsa aren't free.Decent food, I got an order of the chicken enchiladas with black beans,good although nothing special. 
What?? No complementary salsa?? You have to pay extra for that?? The pico de gallo and guacamole were quite bland, and I actually had to add a bit of salt to it! Note to chef: work on the condiments you are charging me extra for.
I give them props for their frozen daiquiris which claim to use real fruit juices, although I didn't order one, my friend said they are delicious!Don't bother.  It was pretty awful.  Food was bad and cold.  Service was barely decent except server kept apologizing for the restaurant...never a good sign.Hostess was rude 
Huffed when we walked in- and said " umm you're going to have to wait and it's going to be 20minutes" to my husband, myself, teen, five years old and baby (5) total. We were willing to wait but seemed she was aggravated to have us there. 
In walks another family with 4 very large people seemed they knew some of the waiters. We then decide to leave since since we didn't feel welcome. The minute we walked out of the door they seated the other party immediately. My husband goes right back in and called them out on it and they didn't know what to say. 
Shame on you Nacho Mama's I'd much rather my Casa Garcia over you any day!Ordered Mamas Nachos with pulled pork and steak. 2 questions in to the waiter about the menu and the waiter asks if we need more time. I don't need more time, I want you to answer my questions being this was my first time at the establishment. Gave this restaurant 2 stars mainly bc there wasn't a wait and the sweet tea was good. We asked for queso bc the cheese on the nachos was hard by the time we received our entree. When delivering the check to us the waiter stated we were not charged for the 2oz of queso. After receiving our credit card receipt to sign we noticed there was a difference in the total. We waived the waiter down and he answered that he charged us $5 for the extra 2oz queso. We don't mind paying for items we request but do not appreciate the sneakiness of how he did it. More than likely will not be back.Finding this place was an absolute Joy. The wai staff was exceptional the bartender was incredible and the owner is hands on. I couldn't have asked for more and the food was beyond phenomenal. May not be your typical Mexican but trust me it's well worth the visitfuckin shity ass restaurant!!! it's cheaper to eat real mexican food that taste better than this shit!My wife and I came here one day to grab a quick bite to eat before seeing a movie. We had actually planned on going to Chipotle but the line was out the door so we figured we would try this place.
I ordered the California style burrito w/chicken which was decent but nothing too memorable, and my wife had the Santa Fe salad with shrimp which was the better choice. 
The service was pretty good and the ambience enjoyable. I would try this place again if chipotle is slammed... And maybe I'll try mama's nachosSo my husband and i finally had a date night so we decided to hit up the nacho mama's. Everything we ordered came out of the kitchen messed up. The waitress was fast and attentive.  The kitchen needs a overhauling.This has become a Tuesday ritual! Every Tuesday they have $2 tacos and draft beers! The staff is always nice and helpful and the food is consistently great! I've also had their queso and chimichangas and they were great!!Tried to eat there at 9:30 Friday night. The rude waitress said they were closing early. When asked why she said it was privately owned and the owner could do what he wanted. What a joke!My boyfriend and I decided to try this place for the first time for lunch today, and we couldnt of been more pleased. The food was absolutely delicious,  he got the mamas nachos and i got a steak quesadilla, they were both great, very impressed. Also, our waitress we had was great, very friendly and understanding of me being so indecisive. I wish i had remembered to get her name, because she one of the best servers ive ever had, i was surprised when she told us she was new and nervous, she did outstanding! I will definitely be back, and can only hope shell be there again next time!First time here. Came in around 230p, so after lunch rush. The place was filthy!! Server was very disinterested in serving as well. Food came quickly but it was clear no care was taking during plating. Our app had cheese dripping off the side of the plate all over. The quesadillas were served with a small side of shredded iceberg lettuce. No attempt was made to make it look appetizing at all. My plate came out completely wrong & the manager quickly fixed it. If I wanted a place to drink cheap margaritas & eat chips & salsa with friends I'd say ok but if you want a decent meal, don't bother.We stopped for lunch and quickly saw the restaurant was not well keep.  Food on the floor, paint peeling, cheap and dirty décor.  We just order chips and dip.  To our dismay the chips were broken and the pieces were so small we could not dip them.  We mentioned this to our waitress and she said that's how them come!!  This was our first and last time here.This is a fairly regular haunt for our gang - lemme 'splain why:
Free Shot Friday.  Seriously.
You'd think that'd be enough, but there are several upsides to Nacho Mama's, beyond the fact that my kids will never get tired of the pun.
Nacho's is a convenient pop-in before a movie or after shopping; we were here most recently two days ago, after getting our Christmas tree, and a bit of post tree-wrestling stress was assuaged quickly by some immediate tequila and chips/salsa (the salsa is good - actual fresh cilantro in it, which is a basic requirement that many places don't meet).
The Setting: This is a glorified strip-mall hole-in-the-wall, yet the interior is spacious and pleasant.
The Service: Surprised by some of the other reviews here - we've had nothing but good experiences with the staff - the bartenders tend to be fun, and the waitstaff has always been friendly, helpful and prompt.  On our most recent visit on Saturday evening, Krysten and Julia were great. When they ran short of the wine we had ordered, we got a comp'ed 2/3 glass (what was left in the bottle), and a straight tequila for me (a good recommendation from the manager) at the lower price of the original wine. But really - one of the reasons we often pop in here is because the service is so pleasant.
The Food: I've consistently ordered the Super Steak Burrito, which has been consistently terrific.  The steak is good - flavored well, tender, not gristly or over-fatted, and the ingredients are always very fresh.  One of my favorite things about this place is that the heat level is not 'Americanized' - there's a pretty good level of pepper heat, unlike the lowest-common-denominator blandness you find at some places. 
The Price: A bargain.
Nacho Mama's is a solid option in context. We hope they'll be around for awhile..This place is basically the Carrabba's of Mexican food..
Not bad, tasty in fact.
But not Mexican..
If you are looking for good Mexican, drive into NOLA, Taqueria Guerrero, or La Mansion await you.
But if you need a quick salsa fix, this place might be right for you..this place wasnt even enjoyable. they placed cheese on everythig i ate. i hate cheese. sjdixkwowkskaowen. wasted money on assI was skeptical about going today.  The only other location I had ever been to was the one on Magazine St., which is now closed.  I have got to say, I was very pleasantly surprised.   The service was right on point, attentive but not pushy.  There were three of us at the table.  I ordered the house margarita on the rocks with salt, one of my  friends got a watermelon margarita, and the other ordered a beer. 
 The margaritas were pretty good as far as house margaritas go!  Nice presentation in a thick, classic "up" style glass, and tasty enough to order 2 more.  We ordered the appetizer that includes guacamole, salsa, and queso, and our server informed us that since it was Tuesday, it's 'free salsa day'!  Woohoo!  (She also made sure we knew that everything was made fresh 'in house')  All the dips were addictingly good.  Chips  are brought out in a cute tin bucket.   Our server was great about bringing more chips & salsa, and checking on drinks. 
Two of us ordered soft tacos 'baja' style I believe.  Nicely done!  I ordered the Mahi mahi & a steak taco, and was  impressed by both.  This entree came with black beans, and mexican rice.  Both were delicious.  The two of my friends were very happy with their entrees as well.  I'd say in conclusion that I will go back, and suggest this for lunch again.  Good value for a wonderful lunch!Had high hopes for a New Mexican food find close to the theatre I frequent but was disappointed. The service was slow, server wasn't friendly and the food was just average at best. Sad face.My husband and I went for dinner last Friday night. We had a great experience! Jocelynne was our server and she was great! Very friendly and courteous. Our food was delicious! My husband got the enchiladas and I had the fish tacos. There fish tacos are so good! We will be going back for another date soon!Visited for the first time in a while on 5/19. Started great, service was average, but once our food came things turned horrible. A black hair was on my meal. Tried to get the attention of my server and I had to go to the bar to finally get another server to acknowledge me. Server apologized and said item would be taken off the bill. Also stated I told the cook to wear a hair net. Shouldn't they always wear one? No manager or anyone else came to our table. I will not be returning since this seems to be the normal for this place.Food here is pretty gross. I agree with a previous reviewer when I say a Mexican restaurant that doesn't have free chips and salsa should be ashamed of itself. The chicken here is always dried out and bland. The only reason I give it 2 stars is because the margarita's are decent. Not great, decent. Since the Elmwood area is experiencing a bit of a boom lately, I'm really hoping this place closes down and makes way for something really good.
Oh, and has anyone else noticed the floor in this restaurant is ALWAYS slimy?I've been here a few times. The service depends on who you get but it's always best at the bar. For some reason the servers always seem angry everywhere else. The margaritas are good, as are the chips. Queso is just okay. The food though, not great. Burritos aren't bad but not much better than Chipotle. Other foods, enchiladas, tacos, taco salad, just not tasty. They tend to drown things in cheese which is sometimes good but not in this case. I can think of better places to go."Hey kids, you know who's making dinner tonight? Nacho Mama!"
I see bad reviews here, but we stop in at this joint quite regularly, and have honestly never had a bad experience.
It's a strip mall hole in the wall, but there's a certain campy awesomeness to it. It's got the usual faux-Mexican decor (for which I'm a bit of a sucker), and a fairly run of the mill menu - expect to find most of the usual Ameri-Mex staples on there somewhere.  The place is getting a little long in the tooth, and could do with a renovation, but the price-to-value ratio remains very strong.
But we stopped in on Friday, and that's a key - "Free Shot Friday" is still in effect, and since the wife wasn't feeling the tequila experience on this particular night, that meant I got two along with my frozen margarita. (Ok, frozen margaritas.  Fortunately the wife was driving. In fact, I'm fortunate in that the wife ALWAYS drives, which means I always get to drink.)
In any event, we had a good time.  
Jon was a terrific waiter - and was gracious and talented enough to very convincingly play the role of someone who finds me funny, which always goes a long way, and he was Jonny-on-the-spot whenever we needed him. Never had to wait for water glasses to be refilled, either, but I didn't get the bus-girl's name to shout her out. In any event, terrific service. And the fellow at the front of the house was a funny fellow, too - made the initial 10 minute wait go by quickly.
I ordered my usual - starter of chip/dip trio (queso blanco, guac, been dip - all good) and entree was the Super Steak Burrito, as always - that thing is so darn good and has no business being only $11.50.
In any event, another good trip to Nacho Mama, and this place stays in the family rotation.This is one of my family's favorite spots.  It's  $2 for chips and salsa, but we enjoy the warm chips and tasty salsa so we never mind paying the small amount.  The Mama's Nachos are very good and I also really enjoy the beef chimichanga.  The design your own taco never  disappoints my husband.  They have the best Pina Coladas, too!We went here last night amidst average reviews... Strike 1- you have to pay for chips and salsa...Strike 2 - they we out of salsa ( really how is a Mexican restaurant, especially one called NACHO mamas, going to be out of salsa?) Strike 3- my sister in law and I receive our food, but my wife has to wait another 10 minutes .. For what you ask? NACHOS! Next batter-Strike 4-  the nachos come out, not the way she ordered them and looking like something you would slop together yourself at home... Strike 5- the nachos taste homemade( unseasoned chicken, velveta and ro-tel queso, sour cream and pico de gallo) Strike 6- rice and beans are not fresh we could tell they'd been sitting and the fish tacos my sister in law had were dry and flavorless....so after 1 meal their were enough strikes for 2 outs that ultimately means we will never go back.... The 2 stars are earned from a good waiter compensating us for a bad experience by not charging for the nachos we sent back and not charging for our chips and queso... I also enjoyed the chimichanga I had... And margaritas were reasonably priced and goodMy friend and I went yesterday. I was going to get the fajitas until I realized that they were 17 bucks and you had to pay extra for beans and rice. So then I ordered the fajita wrap with came with chips but I would have to pay extra for the salsa. Oh and btw they do not compliment you on chips and salsa, this is a extra charge as well. The fajita wrap was $10 and it tasted like something I could make from home. My friend ordered the "shredded beef" chimichanga and the shredded beef was actually ground beef and when she cut into it, the amount of grease that poured out was enough to refry the chimichanga and maybe even my wrap. And the RICE, was sooo red that it looked as though they dumped an entire can of tomato sauce in it. The tomatillo salsa was not season and was like water. Terrible experience, over priced and the worse mexican I have ever eaten.We were out shopping for the day and were getting hungry!! We looked at the options around there and most were some type of fried food... not my first choice. So we decided on Mexican.  We were very happy with our choice. The staff was friendly and helpful. My husband got the BBQ burrito and he liked it.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  We will be back!We usually eat in the restaurant but due to the events of a long day we decided to get the food to go. I don't normally do food to go and I rarely do a doggie bag for the simple reason it's not the same. Nacho Mama's to go is just as good as at the restaurant though we will be back to the bar soon because the service is usually spot on.Food was great!!! Our server Chris was very good! Attentive and friendly ask for him you won't be disappointed. We'll be back.The food is just not good. The chicken tastes like it came out of one of those microwave bags. BUT the staff were really nice.This place is definitely not living up to its name "nacho mamas". I had mamas nachos and they sucked. Dry. Stale. The cheese was basically just melted on top inside a microwave because the plate was so hot. The steak was dry and bland. The guac was not good. The jalapenos on top were not even a bit spicy. My friends had a burrito, fajitas and a torta and they weren't satisfied. The beans are the can type. The rice looks like it's canned as well. Won't be coming back.Their buffalo chicken nachos are really good. I order it almost every time I go. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is great and the restaurant itself is nice, clean, and very colorful. I recommend this place and always tell people about it.Very good food. We had queso and chips to start and my husband's taco plate was delicious. He had a Baja pork taco and the fish taco. I had the grilled chicken quesadilla w avocado slices and their salsa is delicious!! Great service too!Went here on recommendation of family. Probably won't return. For lent they had nachos with crawfish it was a special. Not on menu anymore. We had shrimp chimichurri. It was good. The lunch was combo fajitas with chicken and steak, chicken tortilla soup, nachos with need and chicken enchiladas. The soup was watery and tasteless. The fajitas were good but not enough tortillas. The enchiladas were good. The server was made aware of the discount through yelp and didn't include it on the bill. Had to remind him before it as taken off.The best thing to happen to elmwood since fitnessThe food here is alright. It is not the best mexican food I have ever tried but its not too bad either. Unlike so many other business's in the area they have a lot of parking. But one of the best things is that it is so close to where I live.
One of my biggest complaints is the fact that there is no free chips and salsa! Other mexican restaurants do this I still don't understand why these guys don't.  I see I am not the only one complaining about that. :)Nasty food and poor service like one reader mentioned the beef in my enchilada was sour and the shell itself looked moldy.....pepto anyone!?!?!?!Stopped in for desert. It's my birthday. I love fried plantains. Happy Mardi Gras people.I have been a fan since they opened in the CBD years ago.  Current faves are the California Club Nachos and the Big Jerk Burrito.  Get a Mexican Sunset Margarita and it's Fiesta time.Best house Margarita in town.  A great mix and you can actually tell it has tequila in it, unlike others.  The California Club Nachos are great for that crunchy cheesy fare that is on the lighter side.  
They only use fresh ingredients which is why I keep going back. If you want cookie-cutter meximerican flare go elsewhere.If I could give this 0 stars, I would, especially since we never even got to eat. Monday afternoon, a little after 3 o'clock (right after Happy Hour begins) we were seated in a booth. 20 minutes passed and we still hadn't been greeted by a waiter or waitress. The hostess was in plain sight but didn't think to get us help and another employee was cleaning near us, who also didn't help. The other wait staff were socializing audibly. We left and went to Chipotle about a block away and had quality Mexican food with great service. Will not go back.No Sizzle fo Shizzle!! 
To start of, let me say that Larry the manager was extremely nice and tried to make our experience better, but the restaurant and waitress were rather disappointing. Our waitress made us feel like we were interrupting her spa day and the food had no sizzle or pizzazz, there was nothing unique about their flavors, at all.. 
This place nickels and dimes you for everything. We ordered chips and salsa, fajitas for two $20.00, kids cheese enchilada $3.50, kids cheese quesadilla $3.50, order of fries $3.00, an order of rice $1.50 and I ordered a raspberry margarita. 
The waitress dropped off a plain margarita with a raspberry liquor poured on top. I'm still confused as to why they couldn't mix it up at the bar, being that I asked for a raspberry margarita, not a plain margarita with something drizzled on top - that's like ordering a mudslide, but only having the bartender put all the ingredients in without shaking it, then hand it to you. 
The food. The food was just okay, nothing that would make us return again. The chips and salsa were $2.00 and it costs $1.00 for a salsa refill. Our fajitas made a quiet entrance to our table, which means that they sat in the window for a while. We ordered the trio - steak, chicken, and shrimp which was piled on top of grease, onions, green peppers, and more grease. The kids food was messed up and had to be returned (how do you mess up cheese only?!). As mentioned, I had to order the fries separately because they don't offer sides with the kids menu and it was a small portion of fries, maybe 20 fries of different sizes for $3.00! The rice had some kind of seasoning piled on top, so much so that my daughter had to remove the top half of the beans just so she could eat them. I ended up opening Yelp while waiting for the kids to finish because I was curious if my experience was unique. Not only did I find a low score, but I also found the 15% off, so I checked in and the manager was more than happy to adjust the ticket. I was trying to give them some reprieve as I thought from the looks of it this was a chain restaurant only to find out it's one of a kind! 
I would also like to point out that if someone chooses to stretch their earlobes out, please allow them to wear the plugs because looking at the quarter sized holes in her ears was a bit shocking and would have preferred her ears with the plugs, I mean they are not hurting anyone if they are there. (no offense to the waitress, I'm actually rallying for her on this point) You hired her knowing she wore plugs, why would you make her remove them? 
Bottom line - I will not ever go back to this restaurant. Done. Too many places in Metairie and New Orleans to settle for just okay. Without the 15% off coupon I would have only given 1 star.Its always hard to go back to a place a second time and leave feeling that the restaurant didn't quite live up to the memory. But in this case, everyone at the table agreed the food and drinks had gone downhill over the last year. It gets a "pretty good" for just about everything, but the Southwest eggrolls, fajitas, and drinks were not that much better than the handful of other TexMex places in the area, and detracts from this being a go-to spot when I'm in the area. 
OTOH, our server was excellent, and I ended up chatting with the manager about how superb the service was. 
Not sure what happened in the last year, but hopefully I just caught them on an off night. I hope the quality and freshness are there if/when I return.Not terrible. Not terrific. 
There are better options in Elmwood. 
Overpriced for the quality. I would not recommend.This is a fun spot.  Crawfish enchiladas and spicy crunchy chili peppers appetizer.  Chips queso Guacamole.   Chandra was our waitress.  Total sweetheart.  You need local day of dead the dead artist mardiclaw to round out the art on walls!  Naturally New Orleans female bone gang artist!  All hail!Good nachos... Average tex mex overallWent for lunch today it took 45 mins to get our food and it wasn't even busy! Waitress was very sweet and apologetic. When the food finally arrived the mama app combo my daughter ordered was inedible. Old grease and burnt taste. Won't go back. I love Mexican food n this isn't itI'm not sure what might help this place. Our food was dried out and under-flavored. My quesadilla was dry as a bone (chicken) and didn't really have anything but a corn flavor. Girly's salad, same thing. Service was slow and most of the staff was hanging out together and chatting, hardly ever looking up. 
Went with my boss and a co-worker the second time and just had a tea. They both ordered but neither of them finished their food. Not a place I would ever go back to, even if it was for a free meal.We had a disgusting attempt at lunch here today. We ordered the Chimichanga - BIG mistake! When it arrived, I saw grease on the plate, which is not a good start. I cut into it and a big pool of grease from the ground meat just covered the bottom of the plate. My partner ordered the same thing- his also was swimming in grease. We called someone over and told her about it- she went for a manager-meanwhile our server says" yeah I saw all of that"! Why would you serve it, knowing it was not right? But the thing that made me the angriest was when the manager came over he tried to argue with me that it was from being fried! Then he said the beef has grease- well, duh! How about using better beef or even just draining the grease? I can't call it oil- it was orange and repulsive. Is that so hard? We will never go back. There is a Taco Bell across the street that is vastly superior to the food they served us today. Chips and salsa were good. The manager who argued with me also must have trained the hostess who didn't say a word to us or even look at us-just threw the menus on the table and walked away, back to sit behind the counter staring at her phone. 
We love local places and try to frequent them whenever possible, but this place is the WORST!Way too expensive for what you get. A sampler of three dips and chips is $10! The menu does not seem varied enough. I realize that nachos are the name of the game here, but there seemed more emphasis on nachos, salads and burgers than any authentic Mexican food item. 
For example, I wanted chile rellenos, but the only option was to get one as an appetizer, and it doesn't come with beans and rice. I ordered one anyway, and the middle was not hot or warm. Also, my dish didn't come with any type of ranchero sauce, salsa or pico de gallo. It was just the crispy, fried, cheese-stuffed pepper with a side of queso. Very disappointing.
I tasted my friend's pork nachos, and it was so bland. There was hard cheese caked all over the plate. 
I did highly enjoy the $4 mimosa special.
Too many other good places to eat. I'm ashamed that I wasted calories here, but when you are dragged there by friends, sometimes you have to go with the flow.It's a decent Mexican grill. The visit today was so-so. The glass that my wine was served in was dirty & the server Lydia wasn't very courteous in getting me another drink. After bringing me another drink there was still dust in the glass and she said "ugh, I'll just get my manager," and abruptly walked away. Very unprofessional!The good: the food was very tasty and margaritas are as well.
The bad: wait staff was inattentive. I don't know if it was because my party of two had a table tucked against the wall but it was like we were invisible. Also, we got charged for chips and salsa, which every other Mexican restaurant provides for free on the table. That should have been a sign of how the service would be.
Overall the experience was underwhelming. I used to here once a month several years ago with a large party and had great service and food. I wonder what happened to make things go downhill in such a big way and why there were enough people still going here to have a 45 minute wait to get a table.Pretty dang good! Went here at the spur of the moment and it turned out to be delicious. $2 tacos on Wednesdays which is what my friend got and loved it. I got the sweet and spicy BBQ pork burrito which was a very nice size serving. Big burrito. Rice was a little dry like it might have been sitting out a while but not inedible. Beans decent too. All around, I would recommend it. Service was worse than the food. Get your waiter's name.Their burritos are huge and quite filling. They did not bring out complimentary chips and salsa on my first visit, so I am not sure if it was because two people in my party only ordered appetizers, or they don't offer it. Being part of the Elmwood Shopping Center, there is plenty of parking. They do have some outdoor seating. The interior is south of the border themed.
On my second visit, they brought no complimentary chips, so I'm guessing it's not their thing. I got the steak burrito. It looked small, but it was quite filling. It came with a side of rice and refried beans. Oh. My. Goodness. This was freaking awesome.
I have been here, before, it has just been quite awhile. I look forward to coming back, when I am in the area.I enjoyed the Guacamole and chips it was great!! Try it I bet you'll like it also.. My waitress was nice that's a plus.. I ll also add that Nacho Mama's a great first date spot.Really really really slow service and the fajita roll up was had no flavor at all.  The only reason I gave them one star was for the guacamole which was some of the best I've ever had.Good but not great, I would give the food four stars and the service two, the service just sucks there. I like the ambiance and environment but the servers all suck. They are very unattentive and aren't that friendly. Most of the time I get food to go from here just so I don't have to deal with the servers. Queso iI haven't had anything here that I didn't like! They am have outstanding seasonal margaritas, excellent service, and amazing food!Now I understand that when there's a party of 6 you won't work as hard because you know there is an automatic gratuity, but that's never an excuse to be rude. The waiter (and yes, I'm naming names) Chalmette Shawn is what the ticket said, was absolutely horrible!!! first off we're seated at a filthy table where he proceeds to throw down a couple of straws and walks away..only to return 15 mins later to take our order. He takes our orders and never comes back to check on us after he gave us our food and didn't even bother to come clear the table before he began handing us each our individual tabs. Then after we get our checks, we asked to speak with a manager b/c clearly he was either having a bad day or was just ready to go home, either way that wasn't OUR PROBLEM! We speak with the manager who was cool, but I think I'll stick with the location on magazine cause atleast they're friendly... and the food was nothing stellar so It definitely wasn't worth the bad service...Besides the demented looking woman in their logo...they are an ok mexican joint. All the waiters are stuck up college kids/drop outs that act like they are better than you. It is a very booze oriented place which is to be expected from a mexican food place. But almost ALL the decor is probably free neon they got for selling the different alcoholic beverages. The food is mediocre...but it's New Orleans...what can you expect...theydon't do mexican here. :) Be aware that they charge for chips and salsa, but share a meal with a friend because the portions are sizable. I mean if you're going for a margarita and happen to want a meal, it'll do. Otherwise...I'm not CRAZY about it.This place is pretty yummy. Hands down my favorite queso and chips. Their margaritas are pretty awesome too. My husband and I also get the same thing and share. We get the mamas nachos and the Carla's chimichanga. Both are delicious!!!!!I will start with the positive things about this restaurant.   It's in a good location, with sufficient parking.   The staff are friendly and the atmosphere is good.  I appreciate the 15% Yelp Check-in discount.   
Now the not so poitive.  I ordered the mixed grill fajitas. My fajitas were sitting in the pick up window of the kitchen so long that when my server brought them to the table, they no longer were sizzling...at all.  I asked for the steak to be cooked medium, but it was well done.  The shrimp were 6 large,  tail-on shrimp.  The meat and shrimp were sitting in a lot of oil.  Had I known it would have so much oil, I would have requested they go light on it.
My server, Cherie,  was wonderful and kept my drink filled, and made me feel that she was glad to serve me.
The restroom needs a serious renovation!  I like the lime green paint on its walls, but it's a horribly neglected restroom.  To add to that, none of the employees were keeping up the cleaning, and stocking of the toilet paper.   You may want to check before you squat.
Overall, I enjoyed my dining experience.  The portions were adequate, and the food was undoubtedly fresh. I would definitely go back again.Food is great but they rip you off charge you for sour cream with your qusidillas 
Wow are they cheapThis is a very cool/"ducked off" location. Literally, this place is cool and often overlooked. 
Outdoor seating is wonderful. It's sort of gated off, so as to not interfere with the side walk traffic. 
The food is average as are the drinks. The wait staff are knowledgable about food and drink choices. The lunch and dinner menu vary only by a few items. 
Parking is easy. As well. Total plus!!!Since the Uptown Nacho Mama's closed, this is the only remaining location anywhere near the city.  I would like it if it was a little more convenient to get to.  Being located all the way in Elmwood makes getting here a real trek.  I usually like to travel to Uptown and sometimes downtown, and that's it.  But I digress.
This isn't a bad location.  It's a nice place to stop into, especially if you have plans to go to the movies, which is located nearby.  I usually sit at the bar and have found that service is way faster when I do so.  Not a bad place, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here.  There are way better Mexican places around.This place is the Bomb...I love the bar tender lindsey. And food amazing I love the laid back atmosphere and fresh food. Try steak burrito the best..The food, service, and atmosphere here are great. Perfect for a quick dinner or lunch. Totally recommend the quesadilla. Thanks to our awesome waiter for her suggestions and great service. Fastest delicious food in Elmwood. Fa sho.The only reason I'm not giving this place one star is because I love the happy hour. This used to be my go-to place for Mexican since it's on my way home from work. Unfortunately, it seems nacho mamas has changed many of their recipes, more specifically the cheese in many dishes. It's like all my favorite dishes (mini chimis, quesadilla, Tex mex egg rolls etc) have almost like a cheddar cheese? Instead. I LOVE cheese, especially cheddar, but not on my Mexican food  everything used to be soooo good! But they are so clearly cutting corners for one reason or another. It's like a totally different place from the one I used to go to. None of it seems to be the recipes I used to love! I hate to complain about service and that isn't the reason for my low rating, as a former waitress I get that sometimes people are just having bad days or are overwhelmed, but I can't help but to mention that my server seemed inattentive and gone a lot. And it wasn't just me. I watched as other tables got frustrated as well. Such a shame this place used to be so good! But with this TERRIBLE food I'm sure it'll be closed soon just like the magazine ST location.4 stars for selection and service! The authenticity and taste of the food maybe deserves 2-3 stars.
Cute little Mexican "style" restaurant located in the Elmwood Shopping Plaza. Indoor, bar, and outdoor seating available and a very large variety offered for the lunch menu. Drink menu was nice as well! I tried the Mojorita and it was very tasty!
As for my food, it was hot and fresh. However, this restaurant is not authentic to the TRUE Mexican food I've grown to LOVE while growing up in AZ. This is more of an American Mexican style cuisine to me.
Greeters, Servers, Bartenders were all courteous, polite, and served expeditiously. Great service!This place is very odd for a Mexican restaurant. I've never had been in a Mexican restaurant where chips and salsa is not complementary. The service was also a little odd, the waiter only checked on us to take our order and bring us the bill. We had the fajitas for two, which was mediocre. Looking back, I wish I had known that this restaurant seems/acts like a chain and that are better Mexican places out there.I can't even give this place 1 star. It's unfair and dishonest that I'm forced to! My mom is by far more generous than me! Cuz let me tell you after driving over an hour and a half for 2 Dr appts and a trip to the pharmacy I was just too hungry to deal with this regrettable experience. Not forgettable but REGRETTABLE! The "food" took forever and the only similarity it had to fine dining was how our plates came out...as if it were a 5 course meal. Except there were five of us who ordered. My baby's and mom's plates came first. After 40 minutes or so and for it not being busy AT ALL (maybe 5 tables) that's just inexcusable! About 5 minutes later my oldest daughter's plate came. Then around 6 minutes later my plate came out. I ordered the appetizer sampler with the nachos, flauta, chimichurri, and I don't know what else. What I got was the wtf?! plate. The cheese on the chips was sizzles to them in that oh so familiar microwaved plate form. Not that the brown corners of the chips didn't give that away anyway. So I grabbed the chicken flauta and took a bite. Rancid. Tried the chimichurri thing. Slimy inside and rancid. I don't know if it was the oil or what but when the waitress came to let us know that the kitchen was making my other daughter's chicken tenders that STILL hadn't arrived, I gave her mine to take back. Did I want something else? NO! I didn't have 45 more minutes to wait for another plate. So I ate the other half of my mom's shrimp wrap thing. I'm allergic to shrimp btw but I'd rather the hives and diarrhea than eat what I had sent back.  Then my oldest offered me a bite of hers. She had the steak with blue cheese wrap. I LOVE steak and I LOVE blue cheese. Figured mmmm must be good cuz she was chowin it down. So I took a bite. Maybe the cheese was bad? Idk. What I do know is that my taste buds IMMEDIATELY rebelled and sent a message to my brain to get it the heck out of my body. I spit it out. The sauce and cheese tasted like I'd taken a gulp of milk that's been in the fridge for 3 months and had a layer on top with the yellow liquid at the bottom. How can you eat that? I asked daughter and she said "I can't taste anything right now". Benefits of strep throat and upper respiratory virus I guess. So FINALLY my other daughter's plate came. The rest of us were all done. Her food was actually hot. So hot that we didn't have time for her to wait for it to cool off so we got a box and took it with us. Their website description states that their goal is to provide a unique experience and bring a different taste to the area. Yep. RANCID AWFUL. INEDIBLE. And I'd say they are definitely meeting their goal! The name is appropriate though. Was so not even close to my mama's. I can't remember my mom ever having tried to feed us anything similar. I was not a very nice child but even if I'd have been a horrible child I don't think she'd have hated me enough to feed me anything similar to what comes out of Nacho Mama's kitchen! The only nice thing I can say is that our waitress was great. Very attentive and friendly. No attitude at all that I sent my food back like some servers get. And the food quality had nothing to do with the FOH. Just in case anyone is wondering...I will NOT be back.My burrito was good, but the kids' nachos were a joke. A few chips with a light drizzle of queso for $4? I feel robbed.
I'd give fewer stars, but my server is great.This place is cute and comfortable, but the food is not great..not even that good. I visit about once a year for the last 10 years, hoping it gets better..but. The service was nice, however. The chips weer warm and the queso yummy - the salsa was watered down,tho and the guacamole bland. Margaritas were ok, but not at $7 for a 12 ounce and most of that was ice. Dinner..we had the shrimp fajitas- the worse I've ever had. The ten shrimp were about the side of a quarter coin, greasy and sat on a bed of saturated oily onions..nothing else, and the order is side rice was sticky and cold. Was a regular at the old location uptown..for the Monday happy hour, and nachos. That's about as good as it gets.I was extremely apprehensive about going to this restaurant, even though I have wanted to visit it for some time, due to the recent negative reviews here on Yelp*.  As on reviewer said, it's in Elmwood, and it's a trek for sure, especially for me since I live in Algiers.  The kiddo and I made a command decision and threw caution to the wind and decided this was where we were going to eat tonight, ok...
We started off with two appetizers, though I hesitate to consider chips and queso an appetizer, but that's what they call it and the Southwestern Eggrolls, I love them everywhere I have ever gone (except Gordon Biersch's) and though they did not contain chicken, I figured what the hey and again threw caution to the wind.  They are served with a red pepper jelly which has a nice kick to it and the eggrolls were very very good,  I didn't miss the chicken at all...and though I am not a fan of onions, I never even noticed they were in there, which is a good thing.  Five stars all the way around.  Chips are light and crispy, but the queso was just so-so, it was better with the addition of a smidge of salt, but not something I think I would order again.
I ordered the build your own quesadilla and my kiddo surprised me and didn't order fajitas, opting instead for a trio of tacos, the tres amigos.  She had panko coated Mahi Mahi and panko coated catfish both Baja style and a shrimp taco, her favorite hands down was the catfish taco and her least was the shrimp.  I ordered refried beans and roasted red peppers inside my quesadilla and it was fabulous.  The kiddo's meal came with rice and either refried beans or black beans, we opted for black and they were outstanding, the rice not so much, I'd rather get another order of beans instead :).
Though we were full and goodness the portions are substantial, we still opted for dessert, generally on the menu when we try a new place and ordered sopapillas, they were nothing spectacular, though the kiddo loved the agave syrup that came with them (we brought that home, she is having that with waffles in the morning).
The food was decent, the prices were on par with other local establishments, so no complaints there, but the service was O U T S T A N D I N G.  We had Archelle as our server and that alone would prompt another visit from us, even though we live so far away.  She was helpful, courteous, gave us good recommendations on what we should order and never let us feel like we were being avoided or forgotten.  She kept our drinks full, asked after us during each phase of our meal to make sure we were enjoying everything, but she didn't hover or make us feel rushed.  She was a real treat in view of most of the service we receive from restaurants today, which is to say no service.  I was very impressed and I'm not the easiest person in the world to please, but tonight I left with a full tummy and a feeling of satisfaction that I don't often have when I go out to eat.  Thanks Archelle for making this a most delicious time.This was the second worst dining experience I have had in five years living in New Orleans.  Please, readers, do yourself a favor and avoid this place at all costs.  A friend and I asked to be seated at 4:10 this afternoon.  The staff's idea of seating us was clearing off two seats of a four seat table outside, barely wiping it down, and leaving the rest of the table dirty.  It was never cleaned fully.  The waitress took our drink order, but it was a half hour before my friend got her beer.  We were told that our ticket had slipped between the bars and that was the cause of the delay.  At the one hour mark, the food still had not arrived, and we were told that the ticket had been lost a second time.  When the food arrived, it was bland and unsatisfying.  The portions were small, and parts of the order were missing.  After assuring us that the items would not be charged to our bill, we were given a bill containing both the undelivered items and an entire second meal that was for another table.  These problems were compounded by the large group seated next to us who was comprised of the General Manager's family, complete with several small children and a newborn, which kept the wait staff running back and forth to supply them with "free Absolute shots" and "dirty martinis."  At this point, I cannot think of a single thing that was positive about this experience.I've only eaten the Green Mama from here but it is excellent. The portion is big and the price isn't bad. A bonus for the guys the waitresses are pretty much all knockouts.Food was great! Wait staff was great! Had fun with the kids here! Food came out in a timely manner!This place is just meh. Wait staff is a little short and just no real sense of urgency to anything. Forever to get food that honestly I could have gotten from sams club. I am all about drinks, but they were just okay here. Nothing special. I would only eat here again if I was in the area and couldn't find anything else