Love the idea, disappointed with the execution. I found the crust texture too grainy to be enjoyable. The toppings were good, but the tomato sauce was exceptionally bland. I feel like I should give them a second chance because of the health benefit and how many other people love the pizza, but I just can't bring myself to waste an opportunity ordering in just to be disappointed again.The customer service is outstanding. The people over the phone (or in person) are a delight to deal with. They are patient and kind during the order process. Props to the management and hiring team- you've done an amazing job ensuring your crew is top notch. 
Taste wise- delicious. Delivers quickly too. Super appreciate y'all.Delicious, delicious pizza. For the same price as getting a pizza from Domino's or Papa Johns, you can get a Naked pizza which frankly tastes way better than any of the national chains. And as a bonus, the pie we got did NOT feature grease dripping off of it, which was a nice change from most pizza places. The delivery time was very fast, as well, I think we got our order in under 30 minutes. Definitely give it a try!I don't care if it's healthy, even Domino's is better than this. Maybe something other than their pizza is worth trying?I don't work for this company. I tried this pizza a few years a go and all I can say is yuck!  Someone told me that they revamped it. And OMG it is so good. I was impressed.Not the worst pizza in the city but no where near the best. The best part about this place is the types of toppings you can get. So many choices which are all really fresh. Plus they deliver so even better.I ordered a 12" with ham and red onion.  When it came, it had 5 pieces of ham and 8 pieces of onion.  The crust and sauce were fine, but they sure did skimp on the toppings.Naked Pizza used to be called Worlds Healthiest Pizza because it is.  Its the freaking healthiest pizza in the world.
This is a strange story, but please bear with me...
Naked Pizza was founded by an anthropologist who studied the diets of ancient pizza.  He found that fiber was the key to their health and the lack of fiber in the modern American diet can be traced to a number of ailments from obesity to colon cancer.  He was determined to get Americans to eat more fiber.  What better way to do this than to make a place that sells the healthiest pizza in the world.
Now the pizza...
The crust is the key.  Its a multigrain crust filled with things that are good for you.  The important thing, however, is that the crust is amazingly delicious.  It is just the right amount of chewy and is NEVER greasy.
The lack of grease is certainly due to the kind of cheese Naked Pizza uses.  Its gotta be some high-grade pure stuff, because the box looks as dry as can be.  No oil stains to be found.  After all, oily cheese = oily pizza.
The toppings are quite stellar.  They caramelize all their onions to make things extra delicious. I'd recommend going with one of their signature pizzas.  The Mediterranean (mmm...feta...) and the Probiotic (cilantro on a pizza!  i love you!) are my favorites.
You really can't go wrong here.  The pizza is so damn good and so damn good FOR you.  It almost brings tears to my eyes just thinking about it.  Is there a cult I can join?  Some kool-aid I can drink?  Seriously, I'm all yours.
Get this - they'll be growing their own garlic on the roof of their store soon!
By the way, this place is take out and delivery only.Ok, so I pass by this place CONSTANTLY and everytime I wonder what it's like.  It seems like one of those west coast, hippie-style concepts that I tend to rebel against.  However, I've been watching what I eat and been a little more considerate about natural foods, so I decided to bite the bullet.
And I'm glad I did.  It's a excellent pizza.  Sure, the greasy, cheesy, heavily topped pizzas I normally eat tug at my heart-strings more, but I was very surprised at how much I enjoyed this one.  
The online ordering was really easy, and the pizza got here in 23 minutes.  I don't live in the Audubon area of Uptown.  I'm more of the Jackson and Magazine area, at least a 5 minute drive.  
I ordered the SUPERbiotic, a non-meat, veggie pizza.  Everything tasted really fresh and proportioned well.  This will definitely be placed on my weekend spots to eat.
Also, this place is takeout or delivery only.They don't have vegan cheese anymore, so they lost me as a customer.We were in NOLA for Mardi Gras. We stayed in a Airbnb accommodation a couple of blocks from naked pizza. There were only a couple of restaurants in this area. We initially went with very low expectations but were pleasantly surprised when we took a bite. The pizza tasted really good. It had veg options as well. The service was fast and friendly.Worst place & people who make the food obviously can't even read the menu to make a salad... I ordered their "spinach & goat cheese salad" which is supposed to be -spinach, goat cheese, almonds, and cranberries- what i got looked like left over pizza mix they had on a cutting board.  They decided to put spinach, goat cheese, onions, and chopped up red & yellow peppers-Not what is on the menu or what i wanted ordering take out... really annoying.
Last time i ordered the margherita pizza & it was the grossed pizza ever. I am not a fan if soggy pizza, that when you pick up a slice it flops over... Gross.It's too bad Naked Pizza doesn't know how to answer their phone. Somebody else will be getting my business. They screwed up an order in the past as well. I like the premise but you need to hire new people.Three because it tasted healthy and the crust was pretty great consistency. Other than that it was really bland. They need to change their sauce and add salt.Naked Pizza, which is self branded as "simply the world's healthiest pizza," was simply good! Started in New Orleans with the idea that pizza can be healthy AND delicious, this joint is taking fresh to the next level. No preservatives, no high fructose corn syrup, no added sugar, no trans fats. Oh yeah, and they also grow their own basil in the storefront. Their slogan, think before you eat.
After checking out their website and ultimately following them on Twitter (which they highly publicize on a huge billboard outside of their store) I learned about some great deals including two medium pizzas for $15 with two toppings each. SOLD! Greg got the pepperoni and sausage (so manly) on their original 12-grain (prebiotic fiber) crust and I ordered the skinny 12-grain crust with mushrooms and fire-roasted red peppers. For those who like to play with their food, I suggest building your own on their super user-friendly website. You can customize everything from the amount of cheese to the sauce to the timing. In case you run into any problems though, their staff is very friendly. Our pizza was ready to pick-up in 30 minutes.
Overall the pizza was good, not blow me out of the water good, but it was fresh and tasty! I would totally order from here again. Keep your eye out for their great deals and new locations opening all over the USA!Very picky about pizza and this one is the one to get.  Cheese is perfect flavors and crust are also perfect. I will be ordering again.. They also deliver far and wide and the  menu on line is really easy and quick.  Very nice people on the phone and at the door too which is always a plus.So first of all, FYI--this is ONLY a takeout joint.  I'm from a place where we don't have Naked, but was eager to try it because I'd heard their gluten free crust was da bomb, and for some reason (maybe because it's fancypants pizza) I assumed it would have at least a little place to sit down and chow down.  Not so.  We were able to take it to the neighboring diner next door and eat on their patio, but not without a little harassment from the waitstaff asking if they could have some pizza too.
Having said that, the much ballyhooed gluten free crust was indeed DA BOMB.  If I wasn't told it was gluten free, I'd think it was a normal thin crust pizza.  We chose black olive, pineapple and artichoke as our toppings, and they were pretty great all mingling together on that glutenless foundation.  The guys running the place were all very nice, and were completely laid back about us switching out a soda when we weren't sure if it was also GF or not.
I'm giving Naked two thumbs up, but two butts down since there was no place to park mine.  However, don't let this dissuade you from trying their truly awesome gluten-free pizza pie--just make sure you're taking it to go en route to your home or a picnic.Very good pizza using great ingredients. I didn't even feel gross after eating 4 slices of their Mediterranean pie, and I never eat that many slices in a row that aren't made by my own hand.I admit I was a sceptic.  Healthy pizza?  Hmm.  
But, one day I wanted pizza delivered, and I'm just tired of Reginellis.  I don't always want a really bread-y crust.
I have officially made them my go-to pizza  delivery place.  Why?  I'll tell ya why!
First, they are fast!  It's been less than 30 minutes each time I have called.  That beats even nasty Dominos.  Reginellis is usually at least 45 minutes.
Second, it's delicious.  I have tried the ham and pineapple and the tomato basil several times.  I would recommend both.  My only recommendation is to ask them to bake them well done.  They tend to be a little to soft/wet otherwise.
My kid who usually only ever eats the toppings,  eats the crust.  She NEVER eats pizza crust.  That in itself is a shining endorsement.I'm giving Naked Pizza one star not for bad pizza (I wouldn't know!) but for HORRIBLE customer service.
My boss ordered pizzas for all of us and promised me my own vegan pizza. The delivery guy arrived with all the pizzas except mine. Back at the restaurant, they had decided their crust wasn't vegan after all, and rather than calling to let us know, they just removed my pizza from the order without any notice. I ended up eating an apple for lunch.
Even if they end up offering vegan options, I won't be eating Naked Pizza in the future.Placed an order, waited one hour. Called the restaurant and no one would answer. Waited another half hour and called again - no answer. Two hours later, the store is closing and still no delivery. Not even a phone call. 
Ordered from here two weeks prior to this incident and wings were notably absent from order. When I inquired, the delivery person replied "oh yeah, we're out of wings. You can call the store and have them take it off the bill".
Seriously NP? If you are unable to make a delivery, then call! Realize that you are actually out of something? Again, pick up the phone and call!
Never ordering from here again. 
I suggest Fresco Cafe instead of this place. They have not disappointed so far, they deliver until 1 AM, they give you order updates via text, and (pay attention NP!) they answer the phone!Best pizza in the city! Well thought out ingredients and on a different level from the competition.I really enjoy their pizza but they no longer deliver to the Warehouse Dist/Downtown area.  Bummer.My favorite take-out gluten free pizza. My only problem with the place is that it can get mighty expensive quick with toppings. Their chicken tenders are really good as well.We frequent their biz quite often for work. The toppings are fresh, but the specialty options are al too similar. I also think the size could be a little larger for the price. 
Pluses: gluten-free, prompt delivery.
Minuses: the taste is pretty blah.Excellent pizza, healthy, and simple. Cooked perfectly and delivered very quickly!! Good price, too.Part of the reason I order pizzas online is because I've got phone anxiety and so I can make my pizza how I want without being questioned or pressured into adding items or whatever.  I click on what I want, and they get a ticket with my order on it.  All that should be left is READING the ticket and making the order.
I ordered a pizza with 1/2 cheese and 1/2 with some meat toppings. 
The pizza was pretty good.  A bit cold, but the delivery driver had other orders and it was really storming today so traffic was probably bad.  I wasn't upset about the delivery time.
My pizza was wrong.  It was completely covered with my 2nd half toppings.
Very dissatisfied.  The cheese part was for someone who does not eat meat.If you want pizza that you bend in half, is covered in cheese, is dripping grease, but oh so yummy- this is not your pizza. And if you want deep dish, have to eat with a fork and knife, covered in tons and tons of toppings- this is not your pizza.
But if you want pizza but don't feel like stuffing you face with tons of fattening food, ruining that workout you just did, and feeling guilty after- this IS your pizza. 
It's yummy. It's full of fiber. And the toppings are all fresh. Not too much cheese. And they give you some good vegetarian and vegan options. 
Delivery only, but it's super fast and is piping hot upon arrival. The price is a bit high for delivery pizza, and they are not super generous with the toppings, but for an occasional pizza that wont make you feel like crap- it's worth it. 
I wish they had it in Atlanta...I like pizza. "Hey, who doesn't??", says this observer.
I have tried so many pizza places around this glorious city, but until recently I had never tried Naked Pizza. It's pretty shocking; Naked Pizza has been around for at least 6 years, they have a pretty good social media presence, and they run ads in the Gambit and other local publications fairly regularly. So, why did it take me this long to try them out? It's a mystery.
I was hanging with a friend uptown, when he suggested we order some Naked Pizza. I was down, as I love trying new places (you know this). I looked at their menu online, and I decided to try the margherita pizza. It comes topped with mozzarella, basil and pesto. I'm trying to keep it a smidge healthier these days, so I skipped the meat.
I got a "small" for myself and that was more than enough for me for lunch. The pizza itself had a nice crust- not too thick and not too thin and the ingredients seemed to be really fresh. Even though I got a pretty "simple" pizza, it had a lot of flavor and I enjoyed it.
As I'm sure everyone knows, Naked Pizza has a really wide selection of healthier pizzas and they even have vegan-friendly options. I will, no doubt, try Naked Pizza again.This is really great pizza. It tastes so fresh, and I don't feel guilty eating it. I love that they deliver, I will definitely be ordering Naked Pizza again.Really not impressed.
Thin crust pizza was rather bland. Nothing about it was memorable. I would eat it only in a pinch.So, I was tight on time and I knew that I would not be able to call after I got out of class, pick up the pizza and be where I needed to be. On my way to class, around 4:30, I called and asked if they could have a pizza ready for me to be picked up at 6:15 - not a common request, but I did not see why they could not do it. The guy that was on the phone was really nice and said that it wouldn't be a problem. After I get out of class, I head straight there at exactly 6:15 and it was hot and ready. I liked that they accommodated to a special request without a problem. 
The pizza itself is pretty good. I ordered half "Omnivore" and half plain cheese with mushrooms. DELICIOUS! 
The place itself is really small, but that doesn't really matter since you're not eating there anyway. It's a cute joint and very clean. Everyone was very professional.Om nom nom! We are clearly on a pizza binge this week :) Thankfully both Theo's and this place have gluten free crusts, so we don't have to call Dominos just quite yet (yes, they have a gluten free crust). 
Bf had Naked Pizza once or twice cira 2008 and did not like it at all. At the time, he thought it was "cardboard like" and "just gross." Thus, we had not been eating it based on that recollection. My how times have changed! Our friend suggested that we try it again. Today was cold and we were both able to work from home. Thankfully, their delivery area just covers where we live. 
It came fast, hot, and freshly prepared. The ingredients were good, sauce:crust ratio spot on, and with thin and crispy crust (my favorite!). We immediately descended upon the slices and ate it all within the hour. 
I think for the money, the taste was better and a tad bit cheaper than Theo's for 2x gluten free crust pizzas (almost worked out to the same cost with tip for delivery) + it came to our door! Yay! I'm not a big delivery food person, but sometimes, it's nice to sit all day in jammies while someone else can bring you food.The pizza is vastly overrated. Plus, if youre ordering pizza, why are you tryingto be healthy. Also, the people that run the place are obnoxious. I will never return. I think the positive reviews are from workers.Love. You. Naked Pizza.
Best healthy pizza ever.been a good customer for 4 years always had a good experience until last week got my pizza that I ordered open the box to find out there was 1 sliced missing when I called them they did not care and where not afraid to tell me as unpleasant as could be all this for $15 they lost a good customer here will never buy from them I was so disgusted  dumped it in the trashThe pizza is great! It is really unfortunate, however, that the service and management is terrible.
I have ordered from this establishment for years, and frequently used the company for my events at Tulane University. One day after receiving an incorrect order, I phoned the supervisor (TOM), who assured me that the pizza would be replaced. After waiting 2.5 hours, I called back and was told that I had to send back the old pizza, or pay for a new one. 1.) I would have given the driver my old pizza if  i was aware of the policy  2.) why the hell would I have to replace or pay for a pizza that YOU messed up, Tom? (no, i did not eat the pizza) I gave it away. 
Long story short, it is people like Tom who give restaurant management a bad name. I try to support establishments like Naked Pizza by recommending them for catering events and University parties, but it is hard to do so in the presence of such poor service. I am writing this review today because of an oddly close experience that was shared by a classmate. My experience with Naked pizza was over a month ago. I'm sorry things have not change. 
Do better, TomPizza dough is like cardboard and the sauce is bland... How has no one created a healthy pizza? Or a cure for hangovers but that's for a different day.Tonight was the first time I ordered from Naked Pizza, and it will be the last.
We ordered by phone; the person taking the order did not ask for a name or confirm the street address. (Apparently it's better and faster to order online? I guess that's because the computer does all the work of taking down information.)
The address turned out to be a problem when our pizza had not arrived after 45 minutes (house is 1.5 miles from the store). We called and spoke to someone who seemed confused. He found our order by the address and told us it would be there any minute.
Then our driver called. He had forgotten his phone at the store--needing it for the GPS, which is totally understandable, he went back to get it. An hour after ordering, we were still waiting for the pizza. Then we discovered that whoever took the order misspelled the street name, and our driver had gone to a different street. 
Called the store to explain that we were disappointed in what was happening and had waited an hour, and asked if there was a possibility of a discount. We were given 15% off--this is where the experience truly diverges from any other pizza place, including those I've worked at, who would have comped the pizza. 
But okay--pizza is here. Driver apologizes for all of the trouble, gives us the pizza, still hot, and asks us what his manager told us the total was (why are they not communicating with each other?). Total is $14.75. We give the driver a $20, and he asks if we want change...uh, yes, this experience does not exactly warrant a 40 percent tip. Then he asks how much change. 
Come on, guys. The pizza was really good--lots of cheese, toppings generous and evenly distributed, tasty crust--which is the only reason for two stars. But this is not how to run a business or treat your customers.I love the concept of this brand and the pizza is fresh and tasty.  However, the "Ancestral Blend" dough has got to go or at least be toned down.  6 grams of fiber in one slice is too much or its the wrong kind of fiber.  
Our house calls this Colon Blow pizza.The first time I learned of Naked Pizza I drove to the address thinking that I could sit down and have some Pizza.  When I arrived I found out that the place was carryout only.  Someone needs to clarify (on their Yelp  page) that this is a carryout only place.
The Pizza tasted good, and the ingredients made it taste different, but it was still not a true New York Style Pizza.  Dont get me wrong, I liked it better than Domino's or Little Ceasars, but I have had better New York Style Pizza with a thin, crispy crust, and real, full of flavor Italian cheeses.
I will continue to order from Naked Pizza until I find a better pie in New Orleans.Have had this pizza three times, and it keeps getting worse. Chewy, heavy, flavorless, and often undercooked dough, cheap cheese, flavorless sauce, decent toppings, and in spite of all this, nice employees.Great option for those with dairy or gluten issues (like myself)... online ordering is a huge bonus and check out there twitter site for sweet deals... never thought pizza could be healthy!Delicious pizza that's actually good for you!
Does it taste "healthy"? A little bit. Really depends on which one you get. Still highly recommended, and I've loved every bite of it that I've had, but I have friends who have thought that certain pizzas tasted too "organic"...
Also, I'd recommend following them on Twitter: @nakedpizza
They have occasional specials (usually at least a free medium with a large deal on Tuesdays and a discount on large specialty pizzas on Mondays)
I would have done 4.5 stars if it were possible.  5 is flawless and they are very close, but fall just a little short.  I like stuff that tastes healthy, but not everyone feels the same.Ok pizza. Way overpriced. I ordered a biotic pizza with pepperoni instead of mushrooms. Delivery didn't take long. 
The pizza was just ok, and at $23 for a large that was on the small side, I'll never order again. 
Had to try it since it's close to my new place.I can't eat any other pizza anymore.  I used to order from other places around town but once I tried their Super-Biotic at a friends' house it was all over. So delicious. And when else do you actually feel healthy after eating pizza?
 I love love love their thin crust and fresh ingredients. It's funny, at first I felt emotionally like I was just compromising and choosing the healthier option,  doing something better for myself, whatever. I hadn't had "normal" pizza in several months, and then went to a friend's house where I had a slice from a place I used to love, and I was shocked to realize how greasy it was an how sluggish I felt afterward. And I am not one of those super health-obsessed people; I love my gourmet eats and a proponent of olive oil, butter and all things delicious. But after having Naked Pizza, for a few months and then having the other stuff, I was shocked at how truly  unpalatable the excess greasiness was, and I really missed my ancestral blend thin crust.   
The best part? Two years ago they delivered to my house, but then they changed their delivery area so they stopped at the end of the next block and wouldn't deliver to me anymore. ( I even asked if I could stand on the corner of their delivery area and wait for them. No dice.)
But then just a  few months ago, they changed it again and once again deliver to my house. They're always nice and they're lightning freaking fast, even when we had persnickety orders like no dairy and gluten free and all those shenanigans that friends request. 
If only they delivered to my work in the French Quarter, I'd be the happiest of campers, but  I understand--who really wants to fight French Quarter traffic?  
So yes, in my opinion, they're stinkin' delicious, better than normal pizza with like 1/3 of the calories, an awesome local business to support, have really cool branding and a brilliant social media campaign, and when I'm hungover to the point of being unable to leave my house and am jonesing for pizza, they'll bring it to me in less than a 1/2 hour.  Seriously. New BFFs.Grabbed a Spinach salad before heading across the street for a Tulane baseball game. I love Naked Pizza spinach salads but haven't been there in a while. It was very different from the last one that I got. Larger, which was good, because it seemed that the last salad that I got at this same location had shrunk from its former size to something like a side salad, not an entree size. But the money hadn't, so I was glad to see it back as a regular dinner sized salad. 
The former spinach salad had contained fresh spinach, red onion, bell pepper, black olives, and crumbled feta cheese with a choice of a wide variety of pre-packaged dressings from Briannas, one of my favorite bottled dressings. I absolutely loved this combination of ingredients and started making my salads at home like this. Fresh, raw, simple and delicious. 
The salad that I got yesterday was different but equally good. The spinach was super fresh. I was asked if I wanted feta or goat cheese. That was new-I chose goat. The salad was full of corn kernels, and what I thought were red currant slices but I think that the menu says they use cranberries; what ever, they really added a great sweet touch to the spinach. Topped with sliced almonds, the salad was great looking. I was offered the choice of three dressings, balsamic vinegar, ranch, and a third that I didn't catch, but I chose the balsamic vinegar. It was served on the side in small containers, so I don't know if it was made there or bought in bulk and pre-packaged, but it was very good. 
I like the new salad. Everything was fresh, I loved the combination of ingredients, and the service was fast and friendly. While I waited, I noticed other changes to the menu, such as chicken strips and wings, so I'm not sure if Naked Pizza has undergone ownership changes or just revamped their menu, but I definitely will be back. As long as they haven't messed with the original Ancestral Blend crust, I can say that this place has healthy fresh great-tasting food.
As for $$$, the salad was less than 10 bux.I've been curious about Naked Pizza for awhile, but just never bothered to try a Naked pizza (as aforementioned, it's former name "World's Healthiest Pizza" - not very tantalizing) - until today.  I ordered the SUPERbiotic with soy cheese (Casein free!!!  I was shocked!) and didn't think it would really impress me as I've despised all vegan cheeses I've tried thus far.  
Well lo and behold - I can honestly say that I thoroughly enjoyed my SUPERbiotic and gobbled it up without reservations.  
The crust was definitely on the thinner side (I didn't get the thin crust), but that's precisely how I like my pizza . . . more topping, less puffy crust (although I do like crust, dont get me wrong).  You definitely tell that the crust was comprised of some sort of more whole grain mix and not your usual unbleached flour.  It had a bit of a crumbling consistency, but I found it rather palatable and pleasant, especially since it's allegedly better for me.
Not sure what brand vegan cheese they use, but it actually melted!  It didn't have the stringy cheesy quality of authentic cheeses, but it was a nice mild cheesy flavor.  Mind you, the other times I've had vegan cheeses, I've spat out whatever mouthful I torn off and waited another two or three years until I attempted vegan cheeses again.
The sauce was a nice mild flavor as well, but did lend a noticeable presence on the pizza.  Granted I do like my pizzas a little saucier, but I think I'm in the minority on that. 
The vegetable toppings were rather adequate and not skimped on - so I was also rather pleased with that.  I think I made the right decision with going with the SUPERbiotic because it showcases some of my favorite vegetable topping selections.
And yes, the pizza is so unlike Pizza Hut and the likes - it wasn't greasy in the least.  There were no disgusting pools of cheese grease, the crust didn't stain the box nearly transparent.  Yes I ate pizza without feeling obese and disgusted with myself - amazing.
Also as mentioned below, how cool of them to offer a gluten-free crust!  It's not vegan, but I know plenty of gluten intolerant people who would probably be very enthused at the possibility of ordering a gluten-free pizza from a regular ole pizza establishment.  
Anyway, I can guarantee that I'll be ordering from Naked Pizza again.  I'm so thrilled that some place in New Orleans would offer a fully vegan pizza that actually tastes rather excellent!  
I'll post photos soon . . . .Good service,clean.first time and I enjoyed Superbiotic pizza. Perfect crisp and chewy crust. Vegetables and cheese perfect temperature.i intend on being A regular.its the kind of pizza you don't regret you ate.We have ordered pizza many times over the past few years, and have been pleased with it.  Not anymore! Tonight we picked up a large, took it home, and literally, it was inedible.  Same order, but not the same taste. It was bitter,  and dry.  Oops!   The place has really gone down!  Good bye Naked Pizza FOREVER.So during a few seperate days of hangovers, I naturally started craving pizza and I decided to order from here.  I was glad to be able to order easily online and the delivery was very quick.  The pepperoni pizza was pretty good and I also tried the buffalo chicken which I wasn't crazy about but might be to someone else's liking.  Overall the pizzas are too salty for me especially the latter.  I imagine if I try a plain cheese I will be, as my star rating says, A-OK!This is my place for pizza when I'm at work.  It's nice to be able to hop online to order pizza for a specific time and it's always ready when I get there. I also think their recipes get better every time I try them.  I adore their Pima pizza with jalapenos and black beans on thin crust, it's just a leeeetle spicy and very filling.  I'm not terribly crazy about their cheese breadstixx (they seem a little bland to me, not sure why), but otherwise I have no complaints.Simply put, the best pizza.
In my 2+ years as a student in New Orleans, I'm proud to say that I've been an excited witness to the growth of Naked Pizza (formerly, the unfortunately-named "World's Healthiest Pizza"). I've probably averaged one Naked Pizza pie for every two weeks. By my rough calculation, that's about 43 pizzas.
All 43 have left me in awe.
These folks have stumbled on something fantastic. They've taken arguably the greatest and most popular dish in American cuisine and made it good for us. That's not the fantastic part, though. The fantastic part is that it is, consistently, the best tasting pizza I've ever had. It's natural, organic, and so satisfying.
As for the menu, you can't go wrong with any of the specialties. Personally, I prefer a more minimalist approach -- my favorite topping combination is tomato and fresh basil (which, yes, they grow in-store).
Tuesday is 2 for 1, and they have a perpetual large-two-topping special. Give Naked a shot. After a couple pizzas, you'll be hooked. Your body (and your taste buds) will thank you."Naked Pizza" is the stupidest name. I would have never tried Naked Pizza if that was always the name. One day I saw someone carrying a box on the street that said "World's Healthiest Pizza!" I just about soiled by bridges. "Worlds Healthiest Pizza?!" That's what I want! I immediately googled it and ordered some, and it was deliciousness! Grainy  wheat crust, fresh veggies, I mean delicious. And I ordered it several times after. But Naked Pizza? What the crap? Is this a pizza parlor version of Hooters? Is this a wanna be college hangout joint? What a stupid name! Bring back World's Healthiest Pizza!!! That's what the people want. The box with those words is what got me hooked!! What does naked have to do with fresh healthiness and deliciousness? Nothing. It's nothing but a misleading stupid title that doesn't make me want the pizza. I want The World's Healthiest Pizza!! And that's what this place is all about.This place is delicious and a heaven for foodies who are more into eating that's not so bad for your body. Highly recommend. Pricey, but for me, worth it.Without a doubt, the WORST pizza I have ever had. Worse than Domino's, worse than Pizza Hut, worse than any pizza I've ever bought frozen. I don't know what the hell people in New Orleans consider pizza, but  this is not pizza. It's undercooked dough, with what is supposed to be cheese but actually is much closer in flavor, and consistency, to elmer's glue, with whatever you choose to put on top. I am deeply confused by the rave reviews.Naked Pizza has stepped up their game. Ordered online so I could avoid the jerk at the counter from the last time (***but he wasn't there anyway, maybe my review got him fired!)... anywho, the customer service exceed my expectation, even wound up leaving a tip evethough i had order online! not to mention the guy behind the counter tipped me off to an iphone app that'll let you place an order even quicker... good lookin out ;)I'm one of those people who never write reviews but always read them. Lol. Ordering online was the easiest thing ever, naturally. It arrived on time, FRESH AND HOT, and the delivery guy was nice. To top it off, my pizza was delicious. I had the greenhouse on regular crust with added spinach. Superb! Absolutely 100% satisfied, for once while living in New Orleans. (I don't think anyone here knows what customer service truly is.) I'm getting off topic. Eat here, and love it.If this was a normal incredibly unhealthy pizza place I would probably give it 3 stars.  However with the right toppings this place can make some damn good pizza that is healthy enough to pig out on....well kinda.  I actually like the crust better than the normal stuff and if you get extra sauce the fact that they pile on the slightly less flavorful low fat cheese doesn't really matter.Ok, so in my opinion, as it pertains to pizza, this is as good as it gets. This place is unbelievable and they have somehow mastered healthy pizza. They don't put sugar in their sauce, no glutens in the dough, no preservatives, etc. Everything is all natural..... or Naked as they call it. My absolute favorite is the bbq chicken pizza. Of course they make their own bbq sauce and it is so good. Just the perfect balance between all of the flavor components. When I was working on Carrollton, I would have them deliver to me about three times a week for a few months.... and I still wasn't sick and tired of eating it! It's no wonder their franchise and concept has spread like wildfire! Bravo Naked Pizza, Bravo.Delicious pizza created by a helpful, friendly and health-conscious staff. I cannot believe I actually had a pizza with vegan cheese on it that was delicious. I don't know how on earth they get those spices so perfect!This pizza does WONDERS for your colonic health.  Enough said.We ordered take out and we picked it up. The smokehouse was the house favorite. We also enjoyed the Caesar salads.  The crust on the pizza was especially delicious.My new favorite.  Affordable, fresh, healthier than most and great service.  If the crust had a little sumthin' sumthin' spice then I'd be all over 5 stars.
The way the interior has been remodeled in the last year reboots the concept and reinvigorates the branding.  Way to go Naked!An F for fail!!! I walk in to the palce and the guy behind the counter is on his phone. Doesn't even acknowledge my presence and is hunched over the counter texting looking down. I stand there for a few minutes then ask if he was busy, he replies "Oh, I was waiting for you" to which i turn around and walk out because apparently I was bothering him. NEVER patronize a business that acts like they don't want you business. So I walked across the way the Papa John's instead. JERK!this is my go to place when i want a gluten free pizzaI have tried many pizza shops around town, and I have come to the conclusion that Naked Pizza is the best pizza in New Orleans.  Not only is it healthy for you (there are probiotics in the crust and all of the ingredients are all natural), it tastes good!  You can really tell that they use good ingredients.  I really like the multi-grain taste of the crust.  My favorite pizza in the Hawaiian Pizza with pineapple and ham (that is some seriously good ham). Gluten-free crust is available to those who need it.  2 for 1 Tuesdays are the best.  Definitely worth checking out!This pizza taste great and has the added bonus of being gluten free and having all fresh ingredients.  They even grow some of them on the roof.Ordered again, this time online. Not a single problem--the pizza arrived when expected, and bonus: delivery boy was fine on the eyes. The pizza was yummy, though I think avoiding the gluten-free crust next time will make it better.If you love fresh pizza, with healthy ingredients this is the place to go.  There is no dining, its delivery or takeout only..  I Always order online and 10 minutes later my order is ready or pickup..  Best Gluten Free Pizza in NOLA!Fresh tasting delicious pizza. I get the prebiotic with chicken every time. Definitely one of top pizza places in nola.I've heard about Naked Pizza for a while, always with salivating taste buds and awe at the mere idea of what I was hearing. Then I tried it. and then I thought, "really?" I tasted no difference. I don't know what else to say. I was heart broken. Regeneli's is much higher on my list of good pizza.Oh, Naked Pizza... where to begin?
Well, I found out about this place due to the fact that someone I knew (and admittedly, didn't like lol) worked there.  It was constantly the butt of jokes.  "World's HEALTHIEST Pizza?  I see it's not called World's TASTIEST Pizza.  It probably tastes like the box it came in!" and we'd all laugh as we drove past it.
Well, one day, a friend of mine (granola-lovin, hippie vegetarian ordered it and offered me some.  I was like "no thanks.  I eat human food."  But when it arrived... it smelled SO GOOD.  I ate a slice and it was unbelievable!
The ingredients were so fresh!  In fact, when I ordered it and shared it recently, one of the people who ate it said she didn't like it because the ingredients tasted too fresh and she would taste too many flavors (this girl, mind you exists off a diet of mainly bologna and spaghetti-os and considers Semolina's FINE DINING, so keep that in mind).
I couldn't get over how good it was!  A year or so later and they changed their name (for the better, I think) to Naked Pizza and it's only improved.
My favorite pizza from there is cheese and peppers.  The peppers are so good.  I like the Pepperoni too.  The best part is that I really have to be reminded that it's a healthy food.  I've recommended them to all my friends and they've all become NakedPizza fans (except bologna girl)!I can appreciate a lot about Naked Pizza.
I'm not so sure about the name. I keep thinking of people eating pizza naked, I can't help it. I don't like thinking about such practices. 
Onto what I do appreciate...
I appreciate the health angle (though FYI, there's plenty of non healthy options, if that's what you prefer). I appreciate all the crust/sauce/cheese options (I'm picky when it comes to pizza... it's gotta be a thin crust and not too much cheese) and I appreciate the easy peasy ordering online (I hate calling in orders. I can't really explain why. Also, if there's a paper trail, I don't have to deal with they forgetting my mushrooms *and* olives *and* extra sauce). 
I appreciate the fact that they deliver. (This may shock you, but sometimes I can't bear to leave the house). 
But...
This pizza tastes so much like Papa John's that I just can't get past it. Perhaps that says it all.
In a pinch, I'd order from here again, but it wouldn't be a number one choice.Great pizza, speedy delivery! A little pricey for a large but totally worth it. I prefer minced garlic? But these were almost little cubes. Not bad but not what I'm used to. Got the original crust with cheese, sausage, mushroom, and peperoni. Delivery took about 30 minutes. And the delivery guy wasn't even mad when my dog ran outside to see him!I love the pizza but the service is terrible.  Three separate occasions I have been delivered the wrong pizza.  Every single time I ordered a superbiotic with pepperoni.  On these three separate occasions I got a plain pepperoni pizza.  Twice they completely screwed up getting me my new pizza.  It is absolutely ridiculous.  I want to boycott this company simply for its terrible customer service.All natural pizza can sometimes be code word for "tastes like the cardboard box is gets delivered in", but Naked Pizza has some tasty and healthy pies!
Every kind I have tried has been a bit on the thin side (don't expect deep dish or anything resembling Chicago style) but very flavorful ingredients with great crust.Found a bill fold advertising Naked Pizza as a hip, healthy, new delivery choice.  An answer to the awful "fast food" pizza around.  Decided to give em a try based on the advertising so that worked for em.  Hated the pizza though.  Rude dude on the phone, long wait for delivery, undercooked pizza and way overpriced.  The only reason NP gets 2 stars is because in the very least, some of the ingredients seemed fresh and they offer different toppings and gluten free crust.  Has potential, if they tried.Super greasy ...no flavor, fleet like something I ate in elementary school in the cafeteria.While I am not generally a fan of Naked Pizza the BBQ Chicken pizza is simply amazing. I highly recommend it.