Très bons daiquiris et pas chers comparé à Bourbon St! Le petit est à 4,5$ (vs 11$ sur Bourbon!)
J'ai pris le daiquiri au café et il était très bon, manquait juste un peu d'alcool à mon goût
Super service, vous pouvez même goûter si vous voulez
Bon plan pour prendre un daiquiri à emporter puis aller se promener à Riverbend ou sur le bord du fleuve!The best part about this place? Super, super, super cheap Daiquiris of all kinds of flavors. They even have an Everclear daiquiri (which is probably not so great an idea). The drinks are a bit sweet, but you can ask for samples to find the flavor that really suits you. This is a pretty great place to just relax with friends, especially because its not in the busy area of the French Quarter. This means that its also decently clean compared to the ones on Bourbon Street.I always wondered why the line was bananas at this spot. The Victoria's Secret Daiquiris has everything a girl needs to get the weekend started promptly!
Try not to visit too late, bc they are running a muck after dark!This place looks a little sketchy from the outside but don't be fooled... the daiquiris are amazing! Especially the Peach Bellini! Grab a daiquiri and take a walk along the levee or to Oak Street for some window shopping.They dont have too much alcohol so you won't get drunk off them but just enough for a nice buzz to take a walk. Perfect for a hot day!Yum, yum, yum!       My husband and I ride our bikes here and get a refreshing cocktail and then leisurely pedal back home.   It's not too far, so quite easy to pedal and slurp a delicious frozen daiquiri.     I am not sure of the "official" name of the flavor, but my favorite is the one with pineapple and amaretto.   OMG!           Best price for a drink that I have seen!THE SPOT for daq's in NOLA.
Get the 190 Octane, you won't regret it.
oh, and it comes in gallons, so... maybe you will regret it... but not because it isn't delicious. We grabbed two gallons, headed to crabby jacks and then the Fly. That's an afternoon that's tough to beat.
A great way to spend my 20 minute trip to the airport, as well. 
...and no, I wasn't driving.Mmmmm.....why can't I drink on the streets in Cali?  The only issue I had was that they were running low on the good flavors b/c they were so good.Great daquiris and the service is usually pretty quick, but their employees or their signs need to be updated on acceptable identification. I presented my 100% legal temporary paper ID issued by Alabama until my hard plastic one arrives. Louisiana businesses have been unfamiliar with the paper temp so I carry my expired plastic ID as well and have had no problem until tonight. The server sneered that I could have just printed it off of my computer and the expired one wasn't valid so she wouldn't accept either. It was embarrassing to have my state issued ID turned away (though their sign says nothing about not accepting temporary IDs) and leaving empty handed. I asked to speak to a manager but she said she was the manager at the moment. No other business has had a problem with my ID and any police officer could have confirmed its validity. I'm very disappointed and am hesitant to give my business here in the future.Two words: Gallon Daiquiris. Completely worth it, especially during Happy Hour. If I'm not mistaken, Daiquiris are discounted on sundays too which makes for an amazing Sunday at the fly. I could be wrong here though. 
I know it's kind of girly, but I really like the Bellini daiquiri. It's all kinds of delicious. Did I mention that you can mix and match? Half Bellini Half Strawberry is pretty awesome. Strawllini? Bellinawberry? Wh knows. It's gooooood.This Daiquiris spot is the best in NOLA. 
The daiquiris are never melted, there is more than one server and they are friendly. 
They have a great location in a nice building. The area is clean and not super creepy like some random daiquiris places. They are always playing great music. They even have tables to sit and enjoy your daiquiris.  They should make it a restaurant/bar so I could come hang out and drink daiquiris all night! 
My go to is the Jungle Juice.Everything is delicious! And I know because they let you sample EVERYTHING!The patrons and staff were friendly and it seemed like a neighborhood hang out where everyone knows everyone. We had southern small talk about the weather and were bid a "y'all be careful out there ya hear?" This is "my" New Orleans Original Daiquiri  Shop location whenever I am visiting from now on! Cheers!!!Always a pleasure swinging by here when in NOLA! It is not far and the drinks are pretty good. The ladies there are always helpful And towards the end of day locals stop by to play pool and listen to music.Disappointed with customer service but daiquiris are decent. Asked for a replacement straw for my tumbler as it was cracked by bead throw at parade. No help from manager.I am glad this place is in my neck of the woods.....a nice little place to walk or ride a bike to. The daiquiris are yummy, although I like to add a little extra alcohol to mine. The bartenders are funny and nice, which is probably the main reason I go there as much as I do.Parking for this place is a little tricky and the place is not very big. However the selection of daiquiris is awesome! My friend had the 190 with an extra shot of 151 and it was delicious! Also don't forget to say hi to Chelsea who was one of the most entertaining bartenders I've met in a while! She was also very helpful and making suggestion for us.Great stop for a drink. The frozen egg nog is awesome. They let you add extra shots for a up charge.Get any size/flavor. Always get an 'extra shot' in it. Believe it or not the extra (usually Everclear) alcohol is not to get you drunker faster, but to lower the freezing point of the daquiri to make it drinkable faster. Yum!On Mondays the Large is only $5.75! 
I got the Bellini mixed with Lemonade. Absolute BEST! 
The servers were very friendly and didn't mind dishing out the samples so you could figure out what you wanted. I think the large is 44 oz so you definitely get your moneys worth!I frequent this place a lot. For years I've only gone for the delicious daiquiris. But within the last couple years my boyfriend introduced me to their roast beef sandwiches. Now I've passed up the little kitchen area plenty of times walking straight to the counter to order my favorite daiquiri ...peach and piña colada! LOL. But let me tell you, The roast beef sandwich that these guys make is delicious I promise you. And is just $5!! You wouldn't think a roast beef sandwich from a daiquiri shop would be that good but it is! I would definitely give it a try if I were you. I haven't tried much more from the kitchen except for the red beans and they were...meh....not really that good, kinda like blue runners. But their daqs are always a Sunday staple in my life!!!! Flavorful and refreshing!!I started writing a review for this place yesterday and decided it was more worthy of a tip than a review, but that's not really fair.  It's a fine daiquiri shop, and by fine I mean strong and delicious.  For most drinks, you barely even need the extra shot.  Recently I've been going for the weaker drinks (mmm Bellini) and they have a boozy kick that you might not be able to taste, but sure does sneak up on you.  Beware of the daiquiri coma!  You get that boozy sugary high for a little bit and then CRASH!  You've been warned.
The staff is really nice, and they'll gladly give you samples so you can try before you buy.
Daiquiri shops are always great places to take out-of-towners.  If only this location had a drive-thru, my guests would be really impressed!  Yeah yeah, this isn't the location for it, but a girl can dream.Yes it is a little bit cheesy but it is also a New Orleans tradition to get your daquiri on.  This is the best location to grab an iconic, icy, tasty beverage before heading off to the Fly for a fun filled afternoon or a Carnival parade.  They have some fantastic flavors and you can always add extra shots and get sizes all the way up to a gallon.  I personally like to stick with the strawberry so I can delude myself that it is mostly healthy and it isn't packed with a weeks worth of sugar.  The biggest negative for this location is there isn't a legendary drive through so you have to walk inside and parking can get pretty crowded around this oddly located building (that can be a bit clumsy to navigate around).  Some people actually even hang out here but I've always just grabbed mine to go.Amaretto & Pineapple. 'Nuff said! Daiquiris are good, prices aren't bad at all. The place is a bit divey and parking can be a pain. We were able to park our SUV right next to the train tracks, run in and grab some yumminess.I definitely recommend this place. I have been here twice on this trip and once before when I came with my mother. I really like the Jungle Juice daiquiri and the strawberry daiquiri. Also, their food is totally reasonable!!! I tried the turkey sandwich on French bread and most recently I've tried their roast beef sandwich. All for around $5-$6. They are known for their roast beef sandwich so I had to try it. It was as delicious! Really lean meat. They prepare their sandwiches within 5 minutes. A must do for every returning trip.Amaretto and Pineapple  w/ Mardi Gras Mash was simply delicious . The server was helpful and even allowed us to taste samples for the best mix.Being from Boston, we aren't allowed to purchase alcohol and walk around the city! We were visiting friends and family for the weekend because I was running a half marathon! So after the race we went to our friends house and she took us on a downtown New Orleans adventure! More like a celebration for finishing my 18th half marathon!! I was still amazed about how we were able to drink but when we got inside, there were many choices. At least 18 to choose from and of course we sampled about half a dozen flavors. I ended up getting the Kahlua Mudslide. It was delicious and it literally tasted like a mudslide but frozen! Next time I want to try a more fruity flavor like Peach Bellini.HELL YEAH, it's 3pm on a Tuesday and your friend is getting a tattoo across the street so you got a little time to kill. Lucky for you, it's happy hour at New Orleans Original, and there is no shame at drinking something out of a foam cup that has the name "190 Octane." Just because it's uptown doesn't make it classy, this is one step up from a gas station drive-thru, and that's why it's awesome. Who needs a gallon piña colada at half price? Woot!This place has awesome $5 poboys. If you're broke and hungry.. this is the place to go. The roast beef is the only poboy they offer but its a classic and you can't beat the $5 price tag. I have had my fair share of poboys around this city and don't let this cheap price fool you for flavor.. it's hands down a top contender in my book. I come here quite often. Speedy service is also a plus, they have it under control..We went through the drive thru to get my wife a one. Great daily specials. She got a 32OZ for like $6. She was very impressed with the one she got. We stopped at the 1 in Gonzales on the way to N.O. I know we will be stopping there every time we go to N.O.New Orleans staple!
Great prices for obscene amounts of quality and options (usually about 8-10 different types).
Not the same as the sugary stuff on Bourbon, this is higher quality and better priced. You can also take yours to the fly afterwards, or walk around the adorable part of the city that it is in.
Note--not a drive thru as sometimes mentioned as being.I literally only come here one time of year, and that's during Carnival. Every year there is a line 'cause it's Carnival, duh. Every year there's that sweet smell that fruit flies love so much (though to be fair, I have never seen a fruit fly here).  I battle with my inner alcoholic whether or not to get the 20 oz or my usual 32 oz. I adulted this year and went with a 20 oz for Endymion. It was a marathon, guys, not a sprint, though tell that to the version of me at 9pm that night...
It's $5.75 for a 20 oz, plus the $1 extra shot that I never not get, and a $1 tip which is still way cheaper than most drinks you'll find on the route.  
I'm a White Russian kind of gal, and this year it was pretty meh and not super flavorful. They also didn't really mix the extra shot in like they do at other spots ( be aware there was a line), so it was pretty watery/liquory (is that a word?) on the top. 
If I don't have time to drive out to Metry to my fave spot, this place does the trick for this time of year.Daiquiris are delicious, though not as strong as I would like. I have no qualms about the price though--since they are so delicious. Peach bellini, get in my belly!
What I really have  a hard time with at this location is parking. This whole corner is just a nightmare to navigate, mostly because it's such a highly-packed tourist area and they don't understand who has the right-of-way. But even if you do manage to get to the correct corner of the intersection, parking is almost never available. If you have a bigger car, you can drive up onto the strip of land between the levee and the train tracks, but my little baby can't quite make it up there.
Luckily for me, this place is within walking distance of my house.--and then I get to walk home with a delicious daiquiri in my hand!I came in from out of town with a new license, so paper but still valid, and I got turned down service. Very rude customer service... do not recommend.This place is awesome. I was disappointed that they ran out of mango, but I got strawberry and man oh man I was living the dream. 
Great way to spend a summer evening in, grab a gallon of these bad boys and chill on the couch! 
Five starsThe female worker on staff (2/6 Saturday night around 8pm) carded my friend (not me as I wasn't buying daiquiris) then proceeded to sell TWO GALLON BAGS TO HIGH SCHOOLERS without ID'ing them. In fact, because I wasn't buying alcohol, she told me to step outside and yet the large group of maskless high schoolers (overheard in their convo that they went to a local high school and they also looked extremely young) were able to stay inside without being asked for an ID. Horrible, horrible service.This is our go to daiquiri shop for my friends and me. Nothing special but we're regulars during the holiday season thanks to the eggnog daqs. So yummy! Only complaint would be the staff. They're never friendly despite how frequently we visitLocated in the "Black Pearl" 'hood, or what I prefer to call the "L" corner of S. Carrollton and St. Charles. As I drive through this area frequently, this daiq shack is always calling my name.
There are numerous, rotating flavors that line the wall behind the bar. Whatever tickles your fancy can be found here in frozen form. I have a preference for the Jungle Juice and Bellini flavors - ALWAYS with an extra shot. It's worth the extra $1-$3 upcharge (depending whether you get rail, mid or top shelf liquors). 
Surprisingly, this place also serves up some reasonably priced, tasty sammiches. Nothing beats retreating here on a super hot day - taking a seat in the AC, imbibing on a 20 oz or two (ok, maybe a gallon...) of high octane deliciousness and then "sobering up" with a filling poboy.This place seems nice until you meet the employees. The woman I was "served" by was incredibly nasty and accused my ID of being a fake. She clearly had a lack of understanding of what is a legal ID and what is not. I told her she could ask any police officer and that I had plenty of other forms of ID but she was steadfast acting like I was accusing her of being stupid. Either way after dealing with such a nasty employee I went to jazz daiquiri lounge on Claiborne and they were way better AND cheaper. Take your money somewhere else.For-deals, it's a daquiri stand, what more do you need to know?Daiquiris tasted old like they had been in the machine forever, or the machine was dirty. Barely and alcohol content! There are way better places to go.LED TO ME COMING OUT
On one college road trip back to New Orleans my local friends celebrated my newly legal status (age 18 then) by introducing me to the Crawgator here. I'd been serving time in the brown wastelands of bible-belt Texas and to walk into this carnival of alcohol was an epiphany. I had returned home, a city where people made drinking fun!
COCKY COLLEGE GUYS IN PERLIS POLOS
manned the bar. I'm still titliated by the memory of them wearing stark white Ts under their plum, lapis or some shade of neon shirts. I could go on but this isn't an adult site. Needless to say, between the Daiquiris and the bartenders I knew I was coming back to live. And within 4 years, during Decadence, I tentatively walked into Lafitte's. It's been a neon-plum-lapis life ever since.Jefferson Hwy is the best. Friendly people and the daiquiri's are always firm frozen not runny like the other locations.We went here on Sunday, place was packed.  We had the peach flavor, very tasty.  People were getting gallon jugs full of daiquiri, love it.  I'd recommend this place, just for the fun of it.Prices could be better, especially considering that the daiquiris are not that strong.  I've been here several times and ordered from several different servers.  Despite being of age, I get interrogated every time I go.  (Note:  If you're young and wear prescription sunglasses, they will do a hand motion after you order, which means they want you to show them your eyes.)  
Each time I tipped, the server didn't express any appreciation, so don't feel any pressure to tip these stuck up servers, as they apparently couldn't care less.My friend and I came here for a little day drinking. Got a 12 oz frozen Jungle Juice Daiquiri with an extra shot for a total of $5.50. Extremely cheap! The drinks are not watered down like most places. We definitely got a nice little buzz. Who doesn't love cheap strong drinks. Great place... would definitely recommend.Love the daiquiris here -- especially Mardi Gras Mash.  So good.  The guests here are usually old guys that have no female friends, so they hang here and drink with each other and gawk at the women who come in to get a drink here...
But even so, I love daiquiris and this place has a lot of flavors!  Good place -- I wish there was a drive thru though.May be the highlight of my entire trip.  Great value on daiquiris.  Great specials.  Roast Beef Po'boy was a real deal and tasty.  Really convenient on the St Charles trolley.  Not fancy.  Staff efficient.  Clearly a local favorite.  Nice park/square outside to enjoy the day and a daiquiri.Buyer beware!!! Possible identity thief going on here. Road the trolly to the end, saw the sign for Daiquiris. Sounded good!! We were helped by a woman with short dark hair. She took my credit card to the end of the counter, still in my sight, and swiped it, placed it on the counter, then took out her cell phone and typed in what appeared to be my c/c #, because she was looking at it while typing. Of course I called and canceed my account asap. And the daiquiris weren't that good. All the way around left abad taste in my mouth.  
Merchant id: 028100163387Okay, I would like to start off by saying the daiquiris here are pretty awesome. However, the hideously rude treatment that I have received at this place by the main female bartender warrants one star. I'm a student who is originally from NYC and I have an out of state NY ID card. I am 25 years old. I was literally screamed at and told to get out of the bar despite being far above 21 because they apparently do not accept out of state IDs. You don't want to serve me, fine. But I was literally not even allowed on the premises. Getting kicked out in such a rude manner after presenting legally valid identification is not only embarrassing but pretty absurd. This is a major tourist town, I find it hard to believe you don't accept any from of out of state identification, nor is it appropriate to scream at someone to get out of a bar after presenting valid id issued by a state government. 
My boyfriend was also interrogated about his Louisiana ID, despite being older than 21 and a resident here for his whole life. So not only is the waitstaff rude about out of staters, they interrogate in state residents as well. 
Your daiquiris are good, but no one wants to be screamed at and harassed about their identification when they are of age and have been legally using their IDs without issue in various other bars and restaurants in the city. It's embarrassing and degrading treatment. Learn what identification looks like and stop kicking out legitimate customers. With so many other daiquiri shops to go to in New Orleans, I don't think it's a wise move to treat your customers like they're liars. And based on other reviews, this seems to be a trend. Word to all out of staters, don't even bother going, the harassment isn't even worth your time.Went in last night with family from Texas. The employees refused to serve my cousin when she presented a Texas ID card (she doesn't  drive). 
We were told "we can't accept out of state ID cards as proof of age"...now understand, my cousin is 40 years old and although she doesn't look 40 she doesn't look 21 either!
This is New Orleans...a tourist town! You expect me to believe that NO out of state ID cards are accepted as proof of age for alcohol purhases?
You guys just lost a valued customer and I will make a post comparable to this on every NOLA website I can find.This is quite honestly the biggest piece of crap in New Orleans. Not only was everyone who worked their INCREDIBLY rude and condescending, the place looks terrible. You might as well go somewhere cool on bourbon street for the type of drinks they provide.
To top it all off, the bartender refused to accept my LEGAL ID as identification because it just looked suspicious even though she put it under a blacklight and everything. I was refused service, which was probably a blessing in disguise because when I brought up the experience later, locals told me that the bar is terrible anyway.
If you value your money, stay away. With the awful service I experienced, I hope this place goes out of businessIf you are visiting NOLA and find yourself on the St. Charles Trolley...towards to end of the line is this spot. Do yourself and your mouth a favor and jump off at the stop and saunter in there...no worries, you can jump back on the next trolley headed back downtown later...
The place is clean, AC works well and the customer service is decent...they looked kinda bored but oh well...they are pullin knobs of booze all day so I get it. But I came here for the drink not them.
Like most daq spots in Nola theres a lot to choose from, I got something rum based and settled down into some good sips and convos with my friends. The daq was tasty, and will be back upon the next Nola visit.Wouldn't even know what the daiquiris taste like since the cashier/server was baffled by the fact that state ID's change over time. 
Basically I came in with 4 friends, all of us from Mississippi. Two of us had ID's issued around the same time, and the other two had ones different ones from ours but similar to each other. Apparently this was enough to bar us from service, despite the fact that we were all of age, one of us wasn't even drinking, and the ID's were all obviously real. She also even used a black light en on all of them which obviously was just for show since we still got no daiquiris. 
Whatever. This woman was annoying and put a real damper on the night. You'd think someone who served liquor in LA would recognize an MS ID better but guess not. Would not go back or recommend.