I ordered Sweet and Sour Chicken, didn't like the idea the sauce was already on the chicken when it arrived. Next the Vegetable Lo Mein was lacking vegetables. It was good in a pinch.. Please have someone who speaks English taking the order...Yummy delicious and very inexpensive.   Food was hot and cooked to order.  Courteous and kind service.   Comfortable and clean environmentI give it four stars for fast quality delivery and good food with low prices. I ordered from the dinner special. We had the kung pao shrimp and moo goo gai pan with shrimp fried rice as its side. Also we ordered veg egg rolls and cream cheese wontons. The food was great, hot and fresh. The lady who took my order actually called me back after my phone dropped the call. My only problem is that they do not offer any desserts. Not even any fortune cookies! Argh. I need desserts and cream cheese wonton won't do it though it's sweet. I'm talking cookies and cake, where are the cookies, cakes, slices of pie or ice cream?!The food is fresh, made to order and contains no MSG.  Prices are great and service is even better. Never let down by this establishment!I ordered 2 chicken dishes for delivery. Affordable price yet tasty foods (I'm Asian so the taste of Chinese foods is quite familiar to me). Quality is equivalent to its price.Today was just not the day. The cashier that answered the phone just said, "Hello..." well thanks for letting me know I had the right place. smh. I ordered my food, the driver was nice, but my food was incorrect and the chicken was fried too hard. I called to let them know and was argued about that. What happened to "the customer is always right!!!!!" Second plate came and it looked just as bad as the 1st and it was still wrong. I won't be ordering from them again!!!!!Food is consistent for cheap, American Chinese! We always do takeout and have never had a mistake with our order.  The staff is friendly and flexible with our special requests. 
Perfect for that "crappy but delicious" Chinese that you crave for quick takeout.  Never greasy and doesn't make us feel sick.  Yummy wonton!!OMG the rich was good. But I ordered a large boneless chicken for 9$ that gave me about 6 little bit size chicken I will never order her EVER I wish I could show the pictureThe second time I've ordered here for delivery. The girl that answers the phone is very nice and patiently answers questions. My food arrived in 25 min with the nicest delivery man ever. 
I ordered General Tso's Chicken with shrimp fried rice which was awesome and some Crab Rangoon which was NOT. I didn't like it at all. 6 to an order and a nice size, but the filling just tasted..weird. I only ate one. The sauce it came with tasted okay but was very runny. I wouldn't order them again, but rest of the meal made up for that minor disappointment.Updated review for their delivery service.  Placed an order at 6:53 pm.  Called at 8:00, told "it's on the way" we live ten minutes from the restaurant. Called again at 8:30. Told "it's on the way". Asked a few questions.  The food hadn't even been cooked yet.  The restaurant defined "it's on the way" as the order is in the system.  Cancelled the order.  I would have had more patience if their food was any better than mediocre Chinese American.I was craving some Asian food during my time in NOLA.... let just say this was not the place to get that fix. Yea.... they were open and was easy to order a carry out order but really dont bother. Service was prompt but the food lack a lot of flavors. My hot and sour soup.... wasn't hot or sour. It tasted they forgot to put any flavoring in. Fried rice wasn't really seasoned well... you have to add soy sauce even if you're eating with the main dish. I never did that to my Chinese food. I must say that their kung pao...  was ok though just add hot sauce. 
All in all..... just get their kung pao and white rice then add chili. They even forgot to season their broccoli beef so play it safe.I was stuck at work and was starving. Since I was close to this place I called for delivery. The lady on the phone was nice and I ordered my normal "first try" dish...Mongolian beef and some crab Rangoons. 
Half an hour later, despite the rain, it was there. The delivery guy was great. So far, everything is perfect and I'm happy.
Once I tried the food, things spiraled to heck.
The crab rangoons tasted like buttermilk was used instead of cream cheese. I think they had turned. Really horrible tasting. Smelled like over-ripe cheese.
The Mongolian beef really hurt my heart. It tasted like beef with some kind of tomato sauce on it. Super sweet and had nothing close to the correct flavor or texture of Mongolian beef. At least they didn't use lots of veggies and such. 
But damn. 
Such a good start. Such a terrible finish. I ended up just waiting to eat until after work. 
I gave the 2 stars just for the people. The food was not worth even 1 star.It's the closest you'll find in the area to "classic" Chinese food in the area. Service is friendly-ish, delivery is very quick, and the food is more than good enough to scratch the Chinese food itch.we got our delivery before our expected time and the food was still warm and delicious.  I ordered general to medium heat and would recommend ordering  a bit spicier than you normally would handle to get a Lil more kick. The crab Rangoons are not the really sweet tasting ones either.  Overall the food was good, warm and delicious.Visited New Orleans for the first time.  Found new china online.  They delivered to hotel within 45 mins. Ordered shrimp fried rice (excellent), egg rolls (excellent), cheese wontons (excellent) & the BEST wonton soup we've ever had!!   Portions were large enough to share.  Very pleased!  Tastiest meal of the entire trip!!I'm on vacation and I was really craving mom's Chinese food so I yelped this place and called in for a delivery order. The lady who took my order was nice however it was a 40 minute eta to get to my hotel. 
The pu pu platter was poo. All the fried items had no taste to it and the BBQ pork ribs looked scary. However I decided to try them anyways and ew. Mistake. 
The vegetable soup just tasted like steamed vegetables in water though it was supposed to be chicken broth. 
Fortunately, the Thai chicken was good. Both the chicken and rice were still steaming hot when delivered. 
However, overall it was a waste of $30.Delivery came 10 minutes ahead of schedule with piping hot crab rangoon and beef lo mein.  Delicious, greasy, Chinese food at a very reasonable price - will definitely order again.I order delivery from here a couple times a month. It's not *great* but there isn't any really good Chinese here so it will do. I stick with the fried chicken wings and the BBQ pork or the pan fried noodles.  I've tried various other items (beef with broccoli, shrimp with pecans, etc) and didn't really enjoy so be forewarned.
The reason I keep ordering are that they are quick and it's cheap. Sometimes that's all you need from your local Chinese delivery spot.New China is exactly what you are looking for in a neighborhood Chinese food restaurant.  I order from them very frequently.  Once I give my address, they automatically ask "Do you want your usually?"  (and if you are wondering, I always want my usual General Tso Chicken).  The food is good, the prices are great, and the delivery is really fast.  It is the trifecta of what I need for my Chinese food - Good, Cheap, and Fast.  Love this place!!!Just moved here and discovered this gem from a friend! Very good food and great service! Will definitely be coming back.TL;DR: don't order online delivery from here unless you're willing to risk them returning to your home at odd hours to bang on your door like a SWAT Team. They'll go looking for payment from your rather than trying to figure out how to find their own receipts. 
-
I've eaten here a few times, and the food is acceptable but nothing special. Unless you enjoy chunks of cartilage in your dumplings, which was a nice surprise yesterday.
My objection is with their...customer service. When my delivery arrived, the delivery guy said there was no credit card receipt to sign for since I had paid online, and I took him at his word.
Fast forward to 11 PM on a Sunday night. I wake up to aggressive banging on my door. Over and over. I was scared, but when I checked it out I could see that it was the delivery guy from earlier in the evening. He was asking me to pay for the food because the owners had no receipt for my payment. At this point, he had been loud enough that my neighbors started getting alarmed. The delivery guy was just trying to do his job; I know this wasn't his idea because I could hear other people from the restaurant yelling at him from my apartment's parking lot to get me to pay. Fine, I go and root around for my online receipt to show him. 
He waited patiently outside, more neighbors awakened and called me. Finally, as I'm getting my stuff together, I hear whoever was in the car shout "never mind, we found her receipt". Like the white knight that he was, the delivery boy promptly yelled back at the people in the car for making him wake me up and look for my email receipt. Good job, delivery guy.
I've frankly never been so upset about a food experience ever. If I hadn't heard other people yelling at the delivery guy from a place I wasn't going to walk out to (alone and in the dark) in my sleeping clothes, I would have told them all of this to their faces.
I also ordered delivery that took about an hour and a half (estimated delivery time was 30-45 minutes); I get that they can be busy, but that's pretty late.My go to delivery. Friendly, quick, and pretty good food. It's no New York china town food but it's good.The food was sub par at best. Both meals were weird interpretations of bourbon chicken and beef with broccoli. I will not be returning here.This is my go to Chinese restaurant. Granted, I only live a block away but I would probably still come here if I lived further. I ate here (take out) tonight for probably the 20th time in a year, and finally decided to write a review. They have dinner specials for $7.95. How awesome is that?  I can't figure out how they do it but the food is always pipping hot when it arrives. Even after I forgot I ordered and picked up 45 minutes late. This is not five star cuisine but they never pretend it's supposed to be. Anyways if you want good Chinese American food at a great price, New China cant be beat.My favorite Chinese food in the area. Their stock fried rice is shrimp not pork which is my personal favorite so that's a plus. Portions are decent to large and prices are reasonable. I've worked my way through the specials and they are all tasty. Lunch specials are definitely the best bang for your buck. And if you print out the coupon from their website you can get 2 free crab rangoons or a free egg roll with your meal. Overall I am very pleased with their service.AMAZING. I placed my order of steamed dumplings, sweet and sour chicken and general tso's chicken. I ordered and they delivered within 30-45 min although my confirmation said up to an hour. I will definitely order from here in the future.Asked if the General Tso Tofu could be made into a lunch special, was told 7.95. Regular price. I don't eat rice. Tofu was over fried. Sauce was good... Waitress only knows the phrase "Thank You". Won't be back!!The choices on the menu are just about as mundane as they get... However, they're executed to an amazing perfection. One of my go to places for "Americanese" food.Well great delivery!  Chicken n broccoli was great! EGGROLL better than average... 
BUT the dumplings are less than stellar.. They tasted like they came out of the box... Avoid it...
I save my wonton soup for tomorrow I'll update my post then!Typical run of the mill American Chinese food. Easy for pickup, with easy parking. NOT the kind of place you go for a sit down meal. The ambiance is more fitting for take out, and it's always empty (even though they are constantly churning out orders). 
The sesame chicken is all white mean, which I appreciate. I also appreciate that white meat is an option for all the chicken dishes. The fried rice leaves A LOT to be desired. Tasteless, and the shrimp did not taste fresh. Stick to sesame chicken and steamed rice!Food was okay considering price point. However, Won Ton soup too salty to eat. Wouldn't order here again.Everytime we order from here, is stellar. the food is good and the delivery is very fast.  You really can't ask for more.Wonderful delivery Chinese! We had the 'seafood delight' and 'General Tao's Chicken'. Both dishes were tasty and much better than expected. We wanted to spend the night in, so their delivery service was fast and convenient. Would certainly order from them again.Pick up review only - very good General Tso's - which is my gold standard for Chinese takeout. Super fast and good service. The interior is Spartan but for good, cheap and quick this is a place I will go back to when I don't want to spend $$$ on Jung's Golden Dragon.New favorite Chinese food place in the city and They Deliver all the way Uptown!!!
It's a smaller then your normal menu but it's quality!!  I'm a huge fan of both the Honey Chicken and Moo Goo Gai Pan.  The portions are nice, not too much.  I always get their vegetable soup too, it's flavored perfectly.  Since we found this place we have not gone to any other Chinese restaurant, this is our new and only go-to.Ordered delivery and received it in about 30min. Crab rangoon was pretty chewy and didn't come with a lot of sauce. Honey chicken and veggie lo mein average quality and taste. In this case, the quality matches the price. But, they are definitely affordable.This is some pretty solid Chinese right here. Had no clue this place even existed. Not only the restaurant, but that entire little strip of shops near the Wally World on Tchoup. This place is a little weird navigating to; it's in that weird little web of streets adjacent to where all the police park their cars in front of the Wal Mart. 
Making my selection from some pictures, I went with the honey chicken with steam rice and an egg roll. I also called ahead and placed my order. It took about 15 minutes for me to get there from where I came, and literally as I was walking in the door, my food was coming from the kitchen.
The ride back to the house seemed like the longest ever and New Orlean's worst drivers were out as well. The smell was killing me, i was salivating and almost tempted to pull over somewhere and mash that plate curbside but I held it together until I made it home.
A good deal for a great meal! I'll certainly be back.Took one hour to deliver. Food was warm not hot, of course. That, I expected so no complains there. I ordered from their menu on their website. The price online was 1 or 2 bucks cheaper than the actual price I paid. Since this was my first time, I had no idea about the discrepancy till I got my receipt. So I ended up paying 4 bucks more than I thought I would pay. I felt a bit cheated since they didn't update the price on their website, thought that was deceiving. Food was bland, nothing to write home about but the hot and sour soup was great. The delivery guy was nice. Will not order from this place again. BTW: mention 10% coupon for order $20 or more, 15% for $40 or more. It's listed on their website.Good food delivered unbelievably fast. It could be due to it being Tuesday night but the order arrived in like 20-25 minutes. I ordered the seafood delight and it was pretty solid with lots of seafood and a generous amount of broccoli. I'm no aficionado when it comes to Chinese food; all I can say is this is good, affordable food that is delivered very quickly. Great option for when you need to feed your craving for Chinese food.I ordered sautéed bean curd and a sweet iced tea for delivery, and it was about an hour as expected (they allow 45-60 minutes for delivery orders).  The food is really good, and it was warm and abundant, considering the price being low.  An employee called me immediately after my order was sent, just to ask if I wanted a lemon in my tea, which I thought was a kind gesture, since I didn't specify it in my online order.  The delivery driver was really polite and courteous when asking for the proper directions over the phone. 
I definitely will be ordering from them again!Good food. Quaint inside which I enjoy. Never overcrowded with ppl. The lo Mein and fried gyoza things are good. Service is a little hard to understand sometimes but I haven't gotten a wrong order yet. I would stop here if ur wanting simple some quick and simple Chinese.My favorite hot and sour soup in the city. Their egg rolls are chicken rather than pork and that makes me very happy as well.  Some may find the menu limited or basic but it is a wonderful place to have as your neighborhood Chinese spot.  Sometimes a simple lo mein is the best! The service is friendly and quick.  Cindy, the owner is lovely.   - give the hot and sour soup a try it is truly fantastic!If your looking for a place for really good and inexpensive food, this is the place to go. The service is excellent and the food is extremely good.Probably the best take out Chinese in the city.  The chicken soup is full of chicken veggies, and flavor, helping me get over my sore throat.  Whatever, you get delivered, the packaging is always on point.  As far as bang for your buck goes, New China is one of the best!Very good! The food was fresh, the service was nice & it wasn't terribly priced. Overall I am very satisfied & I had some food left over. General's Tso chicken, shrimp lo mein, & a egg roll is what I had.I dined in. The prices are cheap so my expectations were low but the food was excellent. My waitress was very attentive. I had the New China Bourbon Chicken and egg drop soup.Updated review for their delivery service.  Placed an order at 6:53 pm.  Called at 8:00, told "it's on the way" we live ten minutes from the restaurant. Called again at 8:30. Told "it's on the way". Asked a few questions.  The food hadn't even been cooked yet.  The restaurant defined "it's on the way" as the order is in the system.  Cancelled the order.  I would have had more patience if their food was any better than mediocre Chinese 
Tried it again in September. Order arrived in 30 minutes.  Quality improved over past meals.  Good, solid Chinese American food.  Good value.Fairly standard continental-US style Chinese food. Good food, but nothing stands out. You could certainly do a lot worse than ordering from these nice folks.
I enjoyed the freakishly-large chicken wings, lightly coated and fried. The beef broccoli with garlic had a good proportion of beef to vegetables, and I appreciated the broccoli was cut to fit into human mouths. In some places the broccoli is left so large it seems more meant for a Yeti, assuming they like broccoli. The sauce was sweet. (I think some places add sugar to appeal to more American appetites.)
The chicken fried rice, in its takeout container with a handle, brought me right back to St. Louis, where I haven't lived in over 13 years. The chunks of chicken and scrambled egg are interpersed with white onion amongst the yellowish rice. Wow, I used to eat a lot of this. Fried rice is prepared differently in Hawaii so I had to readjust my taste buds. It was much heavier than I'm used to these days.
Skip the pork dumplings, as another reviewer also suggested. They appeared far too uniform to be housemade. Better to spend your calories on something else.
Traffic was bad, so delivery took more like 50 minutes than the 40 minutes I was told. The driver was concerned about it and apologized for the delay.Tried the Mongolian beef, the honey chicken, and the four season specialty. The four season was the only thing I'd consider ordering again. Delivery took almost 90 minutes and they use Styrofoam boxes instead of the standard Chinese to go boxes that you'd expect. Between the Styrofoam and long delivery time, the food was barely warm and the honey chicken breading was mush and not very appetizing at all. The Mongolian beef was flooded in onions. I'd say the onions we 70% of the dish. Ah well. If I was walking by, I'd get the four season specialty again sans water chestnuts. So much unnecessary water chestnuts.Super fast delivery and surprisingly fresh food. This place is terrific!!  Especially for delivery. Had general Taos chicken and hot and sour soup.Welcome to the hood! We ordered the Shrimp w/ Lobster Sauce and General Tso's Chicken. Pretty tasty, Huge portions. Shrimp fried rice and giant egg rolls were fresh and not greasy at all. Delivery was super fast and they're a treat to deal with, very gracious.This was a last minute dinner choice because I got sick but it was definitely worth it. I ordered the wonton soup without the wonton (it has pork in it). The soup was delicious and the lady who took my order over the phone was cool with my changes. Delivery is shorter than the time the profile has listed, that was a huge plus.Don't get the Singapore Mei fun. It tastes like boiled noodles and veggies in a pot of Goya cubes. Ramen cups taste better. The wonton soup is terrible too.This is one of the better Chinese joints around. The lady who answers the phone is always polite, friendly, and patient. Delivery is quick and prices are reasonable. 
The food is good - I ordered orange chicken and it had actual pieces of orange rind in it. Something I have literally never seen at any Chinese food place, ever. Sometimes the fried foods are a little iffy, but they are generally good. Fresh food is their strong point. I will still eat a baker's dozen and a half of their crab rangoon any day.
Also, this place is CRAZY clean. I ordered pickup one day and to my surprise the restaurant so well decorated and kept impeccably tidy.What a pleasant surprise !
I had been seeing this strip center storefront restaurant on my WalMart milk runs, but avoiding it, because it was squeezed in between the Wally Mart parking lot and a big housing project. 
Tonight, with Wife still out of town, I chanced it.
Entered to find a big, clean, bright place.  And, LO! There was a big table filled with happy well dressed Chinese-Americans munching away, chopsticks flying.
Greeted by an English-fluent American waitress & Oriental cooks.  Got quick menu advice & ordered. 
Hunan shrimp & beef was typical US oriental food style, but tasty, warm, & attractive.  Iced tea was full-strength & fresh.  These were much better than local competitors and priced reasonably.  Waitress even packed my unused white rice to take to parrot @ home.
Plenty parking in front lot.  Clean restroom.
This will be a regular stop for us now.  Suggest you try it, too.
RickI had the Mandarin Chicken.  The gravy was yellow and very thick.  It was a "to go" order and the gravy was on the chicken which made it soggy by the time I got back to work.  Not too sure if I'll go back.It's an out-of-the-way strip mall Chinese restaurant with about 8-10 tables, not always the hallmark of a great place. I had ordered delivery a couple times and it was pretty good, though with some variation between dishes.  I finally made it to the restaurant itself and was pleasantly surprised with the friendliness of the staff plus the lunch special is always a fantastic deal for the price.  Kung Pao Chicken is really good, definitely a good choice.  General Tso's Chicken, not as exciting.
Overall, it's a good option where I would return when I'm in the neighborhood or want good delivery food.Have done pick up lunch several times using the Yelp app.  Perfect amount of food for lunch for me.  Good quality for the price.  Always quick and ready when I arrive.I think I can cook betty than this restaurant. This is the worst Chinese food I ever have.Solid Chinese for a cheap price compared to the others in the neighborhood. This place will probably be our go to for Chinese delivery from now on.New China does not use a wok to prepare it's food. The fried rice is boiled and the chicken is made in skillets with just flour, water, and spice. They try to fool you into thinking the rice is fried by using yellow rice. And the seafood they use is very premature. The prices on the menu are grossly inaccurate, you would end up paying more than you expect. The flavor of many of their items taste a bit off. In fact, the only reason I did not give New China a 1 out of 5 is because there is always something worse.Ordered delivery.  Very friendly and helpful person on the phone made suggestions and described dishes.  Steamed chicken with vegetables was nice and light.  General Tso's chicken was greasy and spicy, perfect.  Fried noodles were dry.  Singapore shrimp curried noodles needed more vegetables and shrimp and were also dry.  Food was well packaged and warm.  No hot mustard or chopsticks unless you ask.  Overall, reasonably good Chinese/American food.An average Chinese place. They have the basics like fried rice and different ways of sautéing chicken. Out of convenience is a nice place to go but I would not wake up for this place or even stroll down the street to find it. But hey I can be lazy when I can just make everything on the menu at home. 
Cheap cheap cheap tho.We used to be regular customers of New China and frequently ordered out for delivery.  The food was usually pretty good until yesterday when we received two entrees, one Mongolian beef and one shrimp with broccoli.  Both entrees had very little shrimp and beef in them and were nothing more than containers filled with greasy limp sautéed onions, nothing else.  When I called to express my dissatisfaction, I was basically told that I was out of luck, no offers to make things right monetarily, or even an offer to replace the inedible entrees, $11.95 for a container of slimy onions!  Way to go on the customer service, New China!  You just lost yourselves $35.00 per week and two loyal customers!They know us as frequent customers. Always pleasant and my kiddos love their friend rice!Thank you for fast delivery always! This place has always come through. Solid spot and consistent food.I order quite frequently from this restaurant and they have the Best "Hot and Sour Soup" and the Best "Chicken Wings" - De-Lish-Us !!Delicious food ready on time and plenty to go around!  The sesame chicken was flavorful and loved the egg rolls!  Definitely will be coming back!  My favorite was the vegetable lo mein....had tons of flavor and fresh veggies!For my lunch order, I received a very tiny portion of Mandarin chicken and a ton of fried rice.. which would have been okay, I guess, if the fried rice was tasty. It consisted of yellow rice and dehydrated shrimp with zero seasoning. The meal cost about $6.50 so I can't complain too loudly about the portion size but I did find it surprising considering the pictures I've seen on Yelp. The Mandarin chicken itself was very, very good. There were no peanuts as promised in the menu but the gravy was delicious. 
I'm down with giving this place another shot, maybe dining in next time. I went inside to order takeout and the tiny dining room was quiet and very clean. The two ladies at the front counter were cheerfully polite and the food came out hot and fresh.Their customer service for delivery is great! They even called to ask if I'm sure I wanted an extra item that was also included in another item. Shows that they care :) not many other restaurants would do that. Plus their crab Rangoon & cheese wontons are better than any others I've had in town. ;)Ordered delivery for 2 hungry and travel-weary peeps on a Sunday afternoon after coming home from vacay and realizing the fridge was empty. We were able to place our order through the Yelp app which made it super convenient. In the end, we settled on the steamed dumplings, sweet & sour chicken, lunch plate (with Lo-mein noodles), Kung-Po chicken lunch plate with white rice, pork-fried rice (small), and an order of cheese rangoons.  All told, we spent about $50 and had leftovers in the fridge for a couple of days after. The food arrived even faster than promised and everything was warm. Good portions, but I wish they had come in paper cartons instead of styrofoam. While there were tons of little packets of soy sauce and an extra cup of sweet and sour sauce, there were NO CHOPSTICKS! Ultimately, the food was good, but no wow-factor. Not pricey but not a cheap meal either.3.5/5 cheap, reliable american chinese
i've been frequenting this a bit. there's a part of me that sometimes just craves "bad" chinese food, and this hits the spot. i actually quite like their wonton soup, which i'm sure is actually just msg water (i'm guessing), but you know what sometimes that what my kidney wants! the lunch/plate specials are pretty good deals for the portion of food you get, and you can get sauces on the side and such. online ordering makes this even easier, and they'll have your food ready in a decently packed bag (and use that yelp coupon for $2 off!).
now, as others noted it's not really much of a dine-in place. but that's totally chill with me.The food was awful and we waited so long. I wouldn't recommend this place. Lots of oil when I specifically said no oil.We love this place, it's our go-to delivery Chinese spot. The price is right, the food is great and the service has always been fantastic. We almost always order the kung pao dinner special with soup or crab rangoon. We've never been disappointed.I love new china! Cindy the owner is very sweet! I always get the general tsao chicken! SOO good! Their shrimp fried rice is also very good!  Not the best but it'll do if you want a quick lunch or fast chinese food!Perfect spot for a quick lunch! I visit often since it's just a couple of minutes drive from where I work. The Bourbon Chicken is fantastic. I've been eating here since this place opened and I can enthusiastically report that it's just getting better and better.Above average Chinese food. Their egg rolls are great. I love their homemade spicy mustard. They charge you for it, but totally worth it. The fried rice and general tsos are above average as well. The generals was not particularly spicy, but it was good nonetheless. The streamed dumplins were average as was the beef dish and chicken lo mein we got. No boneless spare ribs here which is just weird. They are quick and fairly friendly (by Chinese takeout standards), and the prices are good. Perhaps best of all: the food all tasted fresh and like the meat it was.supposed to be. I wish this place.was in Miami because all the chinese food in the Magic City blows & this place is actually pretty good.Miss Sharon is great ! She's so sweet and always does a great job making the food. I always order veggie lo mein and I'm sure she knows my voice and order now lol.I'm highly allergic to shrimp and my chicken Friend rice had them in it. i couldn't even eat my meal. The bourbon chicken was very strange, couldn't tell what kind of meat it was. The dumplings and egg rolls were amazing. Food came very fast.First meal as a New Orleanian was here since my apt is nearby and it definitely satisfied my craving for Chinese food. I got the General Tso's chicken with the shrimp fried rice, combination lomein, and the crab rangoons. The chicken was moist and delicious, rice was pretty good (not the best reheated the next day), the lomein was fully loaded with meats (chicken, shrimp, beef) and very yummy, and the rangoons dipped in the orange sauce they come with were the perfect addition to the meal. Although I had some trouble ordering through the Yelp app: the restaurant never received my order... so the manager(?) I spoke with when I arrived to pick it up was very apologetic and ensured they would not charge me twice. I reordered at that time and they got my food out in less than 10 minutes-awesome customer service! Will definitely be ordering again in the future!!