I was hesitant at first about taking the cooking class, but thank goodness I did. Came here last summer with my boyfriend and we did a cooking class with Chief Belton. Honestly chief Belton will be reason why I would go back and take some more cooking classes. He is funny, talented and just great! Chief Belton knew how to make everyone feel comfortable and just overall make the experience enjoyable. And OMG the food was delicious!!! We learned how to make crawfish etouffee and it was creamy and it's was so flavorful and tasty. I personally am not a fan of seafood and was shocked at how much I loved the dish. And because of it crawfish is now one of my favorite food. The praline was savory and just melts in your mouth. Ugh what I would do to just go back!! I highly recommend everyone to come here and take a cooking class, regardless of your age because no matter who you are, you'll fit right in! And if I ever find myself in NOLA (which I know I will) I definitely will be back for another class.Team building in NOLA - yes! Work crew all ended up here for our team building activity and this was way more entertaining than activities of the past. Big Kevin is personality plus and was very entertaining and informative. As we ate some awesome food and drank beer and wine, he filled us in on local history (which being from Louisiana I should know and totally didn't). That was probably my favorite part, eating and listening. But it didn't end there. We did a cooking thing where we split into groups and took a bucket of ingredients and had to make something. Seeing as I can't make toast, that wasn't going to end well but it was still fun. They ended up judging the dishes and picking a winner, giving advice along the way. Did we learn much about cooking? Nah. But we had a really good time, laughed a lot and that's really what it is all about. Would highly recommend checking this place out. Nice, clean facility, beautiful building and great opportunity to do something a little different!I have never been to a class, but I give them 5 stars because they have the best pralines!  When you enter the business you enter their general store and in the corner they make their pralines.  I love them because they're usually made fresh and warm, I love them because they're small and I feel less guilty about eating so many, I love them because they use the freshest ingredients.  I miss New Orleans!This was easily one of the highlights of my trip. Not only was the food amazing but Miss Sandra was an excellent hostess and cook. You have to check this out. Hands down one of the absolute best activities in all of New Orleans!This school is so fantastic! Loved that I was able to sit down enjoy beer wine and ice tea while watching the instructor demonstrate how to cook shrimp creole rice, jambalaya, bread pudding and praline. The instructor made it very entertaining and eat to follow instructions abs best of all was being able to eat it all. I defiantly recommend it to anyone that visits New Orleans.Michael did an amazing job of teaching history, culture and cuisine.  Best day of our trip.  Can't wait to return for other classes.because i'm the nicest daughter in the world, i took hulamom to louisiana (her favorite state (next to the land of hula, of course)) for her 50th birthday.  we spent a lot of time in new orleans and the best two days we spent together were in big kevin's class at the new orleans school of cooking.  he was awesome:  hilarious, clearly talented behind the stove, unafraid of spice and holy mother of god can he cook.  it's been a few years since we went and all of his recipes are still in heavy rotation in both our homes.
absolutely not to be missed:  
the pralines will make you want to cry so buy as many boxes as you can cram into your suitcase
go ahead and buy the biggest vat of joe's stuff you can find cuz that shit is indispensableSpent our birthday. Lovely lady. She's got so many tips and I can't wait to taste it all. Love the biscuit with the maple sugar and sweet treats.Pat was our teacher.  She was awesome.  Have been to Nola many times, but this was our first cooking demonstration, and it was totally worth it.  Would love to do it again.  Demonstration was extremely informative, not only on food but history.  We were given more than enough to eat and drink.  Everything was fantastic, and so much fun.  Left totally inspired to go home and cook.Just an awesome experience!  Pat, our fearless class leader, was knowledgable and articulate - very engaging.  Recipes - easy to follow.  Food - delicious.  Best food we've had so far in New Orleans, because it was made and served fresh - unlike several restaurants we've been disappointed by thus far.  Yum to the Gumbo, Jambalaya, and Praline!This was one of the most memorable highlights of our recent NOLA vacation. My son and I, chefs, loved it in its entirety. Our host chef, Mrs. Pat, brought Creole cooking and New Orleans food history and culture into the real-time cooking classroom, her manner of teaching and her passion for the topic obvious. I cannot write sufficiently enough to get across the point that every part of this cooking lesson and cultural food history of New Orleans was simply out of this world. There's a gift shop out front, jillions of beautiful souvenirs, tasty goodies and gifts, and this event would have been a bargain at ten times the price. Pat demos pralines, shrimp Creole, Bananas Foster, and other recipes, you're getting a tasting course brunch, history lessons, cooking lessons, and much more, all for one ridiculously low price. Go! You'll love it.Even though the food was good, Chef Kevin is what made this an A+++ experience. He was super entertaining as well as a good teacher of the art of Cajun cooking. This is a great (indoor) option at an attractive price point. I'm looking forward testing the praline recipe, as well as tweaking my own bread pudding recipe at his suggestion. What a great way to spend a morning in New Orleans!A fabulous experience! Chef Mark is a great teacher...we took the Hands On course and he was able to provide individual guidance and support as needed, with a relaxed, engaging attitude. When our roux burned (the first step in "building" Gumbo), he casually started us over and put us back on track...each dish was prepared with the intention of teaching some basic New Orleans cooking techniques, introducing us to NO ingredients, and helping the class to understand the structure of the dish...with encouragement to use the seasonings to our liking. The results were so delicious, the whole experience fun, educational, and inspiring. A big THANK YOU to Chef Mark and the staff of NOSOC, we will definitely return next time we are in NOLA!I wanted to try the pralines here as I saw their advertisement outside the store. I wasn't very sure on where to get them in the store, so I asked the staff where I can find them. The staff wasn't very friendly in giving me information, and I felt kind of lost in my simple request to try pralines; in a way I felt like an unwelcomed tourist haha.
I ended up trying their pralines but compared to others I tried in my trip, it wasn't as good as the others. Oh well!Great experience! We had a cooking demo with Michael, who is a lot of fun. He made gumbo, jambalaya, pralines and bananas foster. We learned so much and ate every last bit. Definitely a must do if you're interested in sampling high quality Cajun and creole food.The New Orleans School of Cooking is centrally located in the French Quarter, and my wife and I decided to sit in on one of their demonstration courses. Chef Pat was the instructor--a grandma who reminded me so much of Paula Deen--and she was so entertaining and engaging. Before the cooking demonstration even started, she gave about a half hour talk on the history of New Orleans and Louisiana, which was really interesting. She then proceeded to demonstrate four different dishes: gumbo, jambalaya, bread pudding, and pecan pralines. Each person was given a stack of papers containing all the recipes, and given how simple they were, it was easily to follow along. Of course, we got to taste all the dishes after they were cooked (in addition to biscuits and a local beer!). The chicken and andouille sausage gumbo I found way too salty, but the jambalaya (despite containing many of the same ingredients as the gumbo) was nicely flavored, and the rice not overcooked. Unfortunately, the bread pudding and pralines were way too sweet for my tastes, but they nevertheless completed our New Orleans food experience!
Overall, however, I would definitely recommend the demo course offered here (which lasted a total of 2.5 hours)--not necessarily for the food or the cooking demonstration itself, but for the enthusiasm of the instructors, which really gets the participants engaged. The pricing is reasonable, and the cooking school also contains a general store, offering lots of Cajun/Creole cooking products for sale.This place is amazing! Did the hands on class with Chef Ricardo and his assistant Packy? And they were both awesome, great energy and very helpful. But what was even better was the food we cooked! Gumbo was outstanding! We can't wait to try it back home. We also loved the crab cakes with poached eggs and hollandaise sauce (which was tricky, but Chef Ricardo had awesome little tricks to help make it easy) and finished with the bananas foster crepes which were so decadent! This place is definitely worth the trip over, perfect location in French Quarter and in my opinion far better than those group guided tours etc.Loved this in depth introduction to New Orleans food with a good dose of history leavened in. You'll leave here with enough information and motivation to make some tasty local dishes and have an appreciation for what makes this great city unique among American cultures. 
Michael DeVidts made the class lively and fascinating. My wife and I did this same course years ago. Glad we came back for more.
Thanks from www.WorldRovers.comI'm still smiling. Great food, no the best food, the woman who taught our demo was so filled with wonderful historical facts...and her humor kept the room in stitches.
Thanks for a terrific meal and time.Chef Julia! Your cooking class was great, informative, and a delicious experience. Gumbo, Jambalaya, & Pralines. Love your teaching style, historical references, and so many details to adjusting & adding to the recipes. We learned so much. We called the cooking school 4 hours before the class; as our other plans had changed, we had time to fit this program in for the day - they happened to have room in the class, booked it for 2 of us, and within a minute we were registered. Class size is perfect; about 8 round tables of  6-8 persons at each table. There's a reflective mirror over stove tops, so everyone has a good view of the cooking process happening inside the pots/pans. The cooking classroom is towards the back of the shop; you first enter through their store full of cooking spices and kitchen gadgets & off to the side is where they prepare fresh Pralines! yum.You can watch pralines being made.  Very friendly staff.  Got a seasoning mix there called Joe's stuff. Very good stuff and they had samples.Clean and fun. :-) The store where they sell their products are in front and the kitchens are in the back. My party and I had a class with Chef Austin. He is young and fun. There are five separate stations for two people to cook at. In the same room, the dining tables were in the back. We went on St. Patrick's day so there was local brewed green beer ready for us!! Along with that, there was also red & white wine, water, and iced tea! The green beer was really good, it kind of tasted like it had a bit soy in it. 
Chef Austin goes step by step with you on each meal. We started off our class with some sort of shrimp salad. It was good. For our main entree, we cooked some sort of braised sweet potatoes, seafood cornbread, and pork chop. I couldn't finish this because there was so much food on my plate. But it tasted okay. For dessert, we made a citrusy strawberry crepe. It was good! 
I would definitely recommend this place if anyone is looking for a fun adventure in NOLA.Chef Kevin Belton is a star. Plan your visit based on his availability! The sales staff is amazing and we were thrilled with the souvenirs. Happy to pay the price to support what they're doing there. We can't wait to return for a class on our next visit.We do a cooking demonstration here every time we are in town.  This is always educational and so yummy!    Book early the classes fill up quickly (I guess the secret is out) and go hungry and free Abita.  This was our 4th time and  we can't wait to come back next vacation!  "First you make a roux"...Took the demonstration class today with Ed as our instructor and had a wonderful time! From booking the class until the moment we left, the whole experience was well organized and thoughtfully run. 
The food was wonderful and I can't wait to get home and try the recipes myself. I can't say enough about Ed, he was so funny, personable and informative. 
This is a must do for anyone visiting New Orleans!By far one of the highlights of my trip.The Biff and I both love to cook, so kudos to the Biff for finding a place in New Orleans that taught you how to cook regional specialties. Biff and I ran into some trouble with our original reservation, so the school comped us and offered us a free lesson. Man, do these people understand good business. I would take five more classes just because of the hospitality.
Anyhow, Pat our instructor, gave us a wonderful history lesson of not only New Orleans food history, but the history of New Orleans itself all the while cooking and weaving her ingredients and techniques into the lesson (lesson within a lesson? LESSSONCEPTION). 
Pat was also very skillful in handling quite possibly the most annoying adult, nay person, that I have ever had the misfortune to come across. He was obese, a mason (how they tolerate him I don't know), asked dumbass questions, left intermittently, said "OH MY GOLLY," more times than I can count, and then had the audacity to light a cigar while food was coming around. She told him to shut it in the most polite way I have ever ever seen.
Most of the people at the lesson were in their 30s and 40s, but were very very cool. We were also given an endless supply of Abita, so yeah it may have been the beer.
Our Menu (all of the recipes were provided in a booklet): 
Cream soup 
Crawfish etoufee
&
Pralines
Plenty of seconds, and thirds were had.
If you don't take away anything else, just remember this: The big questions in NOLA : Who's yo mama? Are you Catholic? Can you make a roux?This is very cool. Like many people, I went to New Orleans mainly for the food. This place shows you step by step what it is that makes the food so great. 
There are 9 tables which seat 8 people each. Our class was packed and I hear all of them are like that. Our instructor, Pat, reminded me of Paula Deen. A sweet, southern lady who knew what she was talking about when it came to cooking local cuisine. 
Our menu ($29 each including the demonstration) entailed iced tea and a local amber ale (Abita), an artichoke shrimp soup, a crawfish étouffée, pralines, and bread pudding and coffee for dessert. They also give you a print out with the recipes so you can bring them home and try cooking them yourself. I liked the soup and bread pudding the best. The étouffée portion was a bit small and the pralines were super sweet but second helpings were offered for the soup, which was my favorite anyway. 
A couple of very minor criticisms: the email confirmation of your order says to arrive 30 minutes before your class starts whereas your ticket says to arrive 15 minutes before. When I tried calling to confirm which was correct, I wasn't able to get ahold of anyone. I found out myself that you really don't need to be there until 5 or 10 minutes before, which leads to my next criticism. 
They want you there early because you enter through their store before you go to the classroom. They want you to buy their goods in advance, or at least be thinking about what you want to buy when you leave. 
About 5 minutes before the class starts, they start to call off your name and ask you to file in one by one once your name is called. This is not necessary since you check in when you arrive. Furthermore, you obviously get dibs to sit wherever you want (including up front) if your name is called first, even though you may have been the last one to arrive at the store before class starts. 
Next, you go to a round table which makes it kind of difficult to watch the demonstration. Even though the instructor suggests turning your chair around, it'd be nice if they had long, rectangular tables as opposed to round tables so that everyone was facing in the same direction. 
Lastly, a lot of cell phones went off in the class, which potentially could have been avoided had the instructor asked for us to turn them off before class. 
The minor criticisms are the main reason I'm only giving this place 4 stars. I obviously liked it enough to use my $3 coupon to get a discount on the school's cookbook and some of the ingredients used throughout the demonstration so I will definitely be back for another session next time I visit the Big Easy.My tour group took the class with Kevin Belton. We learned how to make Gumbo, Jumbalaya, Bread pudding and pralines. It was awesome! Kevin is very funny and very knowledgeable. You can ask him any question about cooking. The food was delicious too. I even liked the beer & I am not a beer drinker. I highly recommend the class. It was a highlight of the trip.Amazing class! Loved all the history and knowledge added. Great food with a ton of hints thrown in by the chef. Take notes... the recipes given aren't 100% what the chef does to make perfect New Orleans stables. To recreate the dishes at home I had to ask a few questions and note to be sure I had the exact recipes.Just a cool place to check out!
School was not in session but earlier in the morning my friends had popped in and sampled some delicious pralines. They said they were going back after lunch and I had to go with them. 
Such a cute place but the best thing is Lisa behind the counter making Pralines while you watch! She has a great smile and such a charming personality! I get excited over free samples and she told me to try the ones with pecans as well as the chocolate ones! 
I told Lisa I wanted to bring her back to Maryland because having her greet you every day would automatically bring a smile to your face!
So much to buy and a few yummy free food samples! There was a blend you added to olive oil and voila! you have a dip for your crusty bread. On another counter there was a cajun blend to mix with sour cream and you have a creamy dip with a little BAM! 
There were goggles you could purchase to keep your eyes from crying while chopping onions. Want to relive the moment you had at Cafe du Monde? Buy the beignet mix and recreate it at home!
An overall fun place with friendly staff! I bet this would be a great place to take cooking lessons while having a lot of fun!My husband and I loved our hands on cooking class with Sarah.  We had such a wonderful time. We loved the entire experience, from having a beer and getting to know each other to cooking to sharing a meal that we had cooked together. Sarah was so sweet and charming not to mention so knowledgable about the kitchen and Cajun/creole cuisine. We walked away with a love of the local food and tips we will use in our kitchen. This was one of the highlights of our trip and we hope to do it again in the future.  We look forward to getting our diplomas when we tackle making the recipes at home.We took my parents here for their Christmas present. We made reservations early and paid in advance, which was totally easy.  This is not a hands-on class but you will learn a lot about Nawlins cooking and even basic cooking techniques. (I don't think I ever knew how to make a real rue until I came here).  Plus, you get to taste all of the amazing food the host makes!  Absolutely fun and enjoyable!Received the  "Gumbo, Jambalaya, Bread Pudding and Pralines Demonstration" as a wedding gift, and I still have fond memories! Our instructor John was so funny and entertaining, the time went by very quickly. He regaled us about the history of New Orleans and Cajun vs. Creole cooking. I was very happy being able to sit back, and enjoy watching him cook. Although we had a full room, he was able to answer everyone's questions. Also enjoyed the cold Abita that was served! The Jambalaya was some of the best I've tasted anywhere.This store was awesome for finding all things New Orleans under one roof. There were seasonings, sauces, chocolates and other touristic memorabilia. I bought a 6 bottle Louisiana hot sauce after enjoying the mild but flavorful sauce in New Orleans. I also found a "Smidgen" measuring spoons set very cute. They had many New Orleans cuisine cooking demonstrations and cooking classes -  would be fun to check that out next time.Had a cooking demo. Chef was entertaining. Unfortunately the class was too crowded. My seat was jammed behind a big pole blocking my view.  I was ok with him changing the recipe but it was hard to keep up. It was like listening to a cooking show on the radio with no recipe in front of you.  Have to say walked out with very little new info.  
I have been trained in cooking before and usually am able to grasp some nuisances. This class seems to be for over zealous Pinterest users.My family & I took a cooking class here over the Christmas holidays, and I highly recommend it! They have hands-on classes, but we did the one that was more of a demonstration, but it was excellent! 
Our instructor, Sandra, talked about the history of the cuisine of New Orleand- intertwining the history of the city itself with the culinary influences that each wave of immigrants and set of circumstances brought to the food. I didn't know much about the history of New Orleans, so this was very interesting, and she told it with a lot of humor and personal anecdotes, so she was very entertaining too! For this reason alone I think that it is worth it, but the food was also delicious and was a full meal (unlike some cooking classes which are more like "tasting" and then you have to go eat afterwards because you're still hungry). 
The school is also attached to a store so that you can get any of the spices, gumbo file, utensils, etc that you might want. I recommend doing this class early in your trip if possible, because you learn about the different dishes and can decide what you want to try! Plus, the instructor gives restaurant recommendations and ideas of things to see & do in the city that are unique.Fabulous place for a cooking demo or hands-on experience! Yes, it's touristy, but if you haven't been to NOLA before, I would highly recommend it. The food is delicious and you get a lot of history and culture from the instructors. My family and I enjoyed it thoroughly - our second time here. We even bought some spices to bring back with us. Next time we'll try the hands-on part!Talk about Awesomeness!! Went here on Sunday morning for the cooking demo with Harriet. She was just lovely and she made me and my family feel so welcome! Why? Because we are traveling with my 1 year old and 5 year old, she addressed me in front of the whole class before we began and said that having the baby in the demo did not bother her at all and mentioned she was a mother of 5! In a time where mom shaming is real, and the looks of "oh no not a baby in class" that people without children gave us walking in she put the whole room at ease. Harriet made the room laugh and kept us so entertained with her stories. The food was delicious and we had 5 courses if you count the biscuits and cane syrup that are waiting at the table when you walk in. Great tips and tricks especially about what to do if you forget a timer or pull the pralines out too early. My mother in law even got Harriet to sign her cookbook. Amazing experience and I would and will recommend this to everyone! Also for the price the flowing pitchers of Abita Amber is well worth it!!Great cooking demonstration class.  I was afraid it was going to be basic but they really taught you the ins and outs of what makes a good roux trinity and all that.  As for the cost, it's about what'd u pay for a meal in a restaurant so why not! Instructor was amazing, really funny and knowledgable.Best adventure we've had in New Orleans!! This cooking class came highly recommend by several friends and we're so glad we did it. 
Chef Brandon was not only an incredible local chef but funny and very entertaining. We laughed and ate until we were full for over 2 hours. Great experience whether you're in to cooking or not.How can you not give this a 5
Serves you a meal "great"
Entertainment while you learn to cook
was worth the price of admissionStayed in NOLA for five days and this was by far the best experience.  
The price is a bit steep but worth it.  you start off getting your own apron, and all the wine or beer you'd like during your cooking and meal.  hands-on assistance in cooking the gumbo, a detailed yet succinct description of the ingredients and dishes, along with a bit of the history of NOLA food.  Chef Ann was the best, along with some of the assistant chefs making sure your cooking is on point.  My gf and I made gumbo, seasoned fish/chicken, and pralines.   My mouth is still watering over the gumbo we made.  
We signed up for the 3pm class, and were done by about 6:30, incredibly full, happy, and having enjoyed a couple bottles of wine.  We stopped by again before heading home to buy some of the spices/seasonings and can't wait to try out our gumbo at home.  Highly recommended.What a great find!!!!  Had Anne as our teacher in our private class of 20 and she was such FUN!!!   WE ALL SAID IT WAS THE TRIPS HIGHLIGHT!!  Thanks....Went with a group of 6 and had a good time. We paid $24 a person - got our reservations months in advance and were the first ones called to pick our table -score. Miss Pat was our instructor - very pleasant - and she definitely gave us a history lesson - really in-depth. It was a little long especially because we could smell all of the delish food in the air but I am a fan of history so it was probably more tolerable for me then some of the other ladies in my group. We had tea, water, lemonade and coffee available to us during the tutorial but would have appreciated some of the local beer- Abita- during the class instead of just during the meal. Be sure you don't mistake the beer with your iced tea (I added lemonade to what I thought was my tea)!
We had a jambalaya with sausage and chicken - my favorite, a gumbo with chicken and pralines - so sweet. Made me feel like I might actually be able to make it myself! Definitely don't need to be there early we arrived 20 minutes early and did not get into the classroom until 2pm.We booked our cooking class through expedia. It was a great experience. I go to Le Cordon Bleu cooking classes in my spare time. I would say this cooking class is as good if not better.  It was only 25 dollars per person. Julie was our chef. She demonstrated recipes: corn shrimp bisque, tomato etouffee,pralines and banana bread pudding.  The whole class was very efficient, clear and well structured. It didn't only show you how to follow recipes but it also covered some basics such as roux. We also learned a lot about the culture and food history.  
After class, I got a book called Paul Prudhommes Louisiana Kitchen from the gift shop. Now it is sitting next to my other cooking book collections. I cannot wait to try some of the recipes at home and surprise my guests. I also got some spice. I just added some Joe's stuff into my leek mustard mussels today. It worked out really well and gave this seafood recipe a nice Cajun twist.History class in a cooking demonstration. Very entertaining and loved all the food she made. Too bad I'll never be able to replicate.Highlight of trip. Cooking and more. NOLA history. Eating. Drinking. Shopping. Fun humor. Excellent. Make a reservation before you go and don't miss it!This was definitely a highlight of our trip to New Orleans. I cannot recommend this experience enough.  You learn to cook great food while being entertained by such hospitality.   And the servings afterwards are generous!!  
Oh and the price is reasonable!Thank you Harriet!
My husband and I had the best meal of our honeymoon at your gumbo cooking demonstration!
In fact it was so amazing, we spent everything other meal trying to find a gumbo as truly outstanding as yours!
Thank goodness we have the recipe!
Do yourselves a favour and book this at the end of your holiday, so you don't spend your time dreaming of Harriet's magic gumbo!
In all seriousness, thank you!  We had the most wonderful of times!This was one of our best experiences coming to NO. We had a limited 2 day stay and this place gave us a great NO experience in one afternoon.
Our chef was Karen (I guess they rotate) and she was great. We made creole chicken, jambalaya, and pralines. Although I think the jambalaya could've used more salt, the experience alone gets five stars. It is about an hour or so long and u get lessons, stories, laughter, and good company among your tablemates.
Make sure u call in and get a resey, classes fill up fast. We called that morning for a 2pm show, and we were 15th on the waiting list (meaning they were at capacity and we had to hop 15 ppl didn't show up. We barely made it in, so walk ins definitely would not have made it.
I can't wait to make some pralines.This is the best money you will spend in New Orleans if you like to cook.  You sit there, learn some great recipes, hear history lessons about New Orleans, drink beer and then - best part - eat!  I had so much fun!I loved this place!! If you are a cooking nut and love your gadgets, this place is awesome!! The staff is friendly and helpful and this is such a wonderful experience if you have the time to do it!! This was definitely one of the highlights of Nola for me!I've had pralines from all of the major NOLA candymakers and these are the best. They are smooth and creamy with lots of pecans and really well-priced at 65 cents each.Best money spent in New Orleans, hands down. Big Kevin is New Orleans. You can't beat someone teaching you about the city and HOW the food came to be "Nawlins" food, meeting new people, getting free drinks like Abita beer, and being able to chow down on the finished product like it was a buffet of quality food.
Pina Colada Bread Pudding was life-changing. Who needs a restaurant???Great food and great experience. Brandon showed us how to cook amazing dishes while incorporating a fun history class. Definitely recommended!I took a cooking class with Harriet and Anne . They were knowledgable, entertaining and excellent cooks. Best deal in New Orlleans. For 24.00 I had a terrific meal and knowledge how to bring it home to SC. 
For two hours we laughed , ate, drank local beer. Tea and water. They shared their recipes for shrimp and artichoke soup , crawfish étouffée , praleans and banna foster. 
We asked questions. They gave us so many good cooking tips they shared their extra .engredients they use in their personal dishes. 
Well worth they money . I would go back more if  I lived in the area. The shop is fill with the cutest gadgets. And all sorts of spices. 
On of my favorite events on my trip
Can't wait to start cooking Cajun 
Big thanks to the golden girls
Harriet and AnneChef Kevin Belton was fantastic!  The perfect blend for a room of visitors young and old, far and near, experienced in the kitchen and novices.  The food was delicious. His humor contagious and we would highly recommend this experience for families and couples visiting NOLA, who either want to taste some of the city's culinary staples while they're made in front of your eyes or learn how to DIY at home. Great value for the cost.Had a great time WATCHING Sandra prepare traditional NO food.  She was funny, native to NO and had a great personality.  Must understand that this is a demonstration, not a hands-on class. But for $27 ($24 with coupon from neworleansonline.com) per person you get to sit in air-conditioned comfort, learn something new and taste all the delicious food.  Felt the people taking payment were slightly rude, but that was my general impression of much of NO anyway.  Would definitely recommend as a way to spend a few hours and get fed!This was a fun learning experience! It was like being on a cooking show except you get to eat everything the chef makes! We had a complete course of appetizer, main entree, and dessert! The chef will also let you participate hands-on if you wanted to. Unlimited refills of drinks. You get to bring home the menu for the day with the recipe. You can also buy the ingredients on their store next door. The best part is you leave with free beer! Definitely a must for a NOLA trip.We came for a cooking demo at the recommendation of my sister in law who had done one earlier this year. The demo in my mind is the way to go. You get to try all the food and you learn how to make it without the price of cooking the food. 
When you make the reservation, you can put down what food allergies you have. We did an afternoon demo; not that it matters. It was incredibly easy to follow the cooking demo. The lady who taught us was able to work in the culinary history of the local cuisine. She was very good at giving descriptive explanations so much so that I'm sure I can recreate the food. 
As a gluten free person, the soup wr watch was bisque but what I ate was vegan gumbo(it has a fancy name but I forget it). It was quite good. The chef was able to provide suggestions on what type of gluten free flour to use for me when I get home. For the main course, we watched etouffee being made and ate a gluten free creole dish. It was good but I would have rather had the etouffee. Dessert read pralines and they were amazing. 
I will definitely come again when I'm next in the city.Kewl place. We didn't take any of the classes but they really do have some cool things to pick up and take back as truly good items as a memory of NOLA.
The in-house spice is very good and not too expensive. We picked up some Chicory to mix with coffee and it has really worked out. Everyone was really nice and the place  smelled DELICIOUS!.
There is no reason NOT to stop by here when you're near the French Market area. I think the smell of chocolate drew us in initially, but really glad we landed here.Our chef, Michael, was freaking awesome!  He was extremely entertaining, knowledgeable, and the history lessons he gave were all informative.  I've never liked history, but he made the cooking demonstration class fun and informative.  It was a full class, and the other 'students' were enjoyable as well.  The food itself was all prepared by Michael himself (right in front of our eyes); I did enjoy the jambalaya the best (the andouille sausage was so tasty); the gumbo was alright, the bread pudding still had the alcohol-taste remnants, but still good; the pralines were a bit too sweet for me (not a praline fan).  Definitely a great place to go to while in NOLA!  There's also a little store connected to the 'classroom' full of Louisiana Kitchen products. I called to make a reservation for an open cooking demonstration (jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding, pralines) - about 2.5 hours of appetizers, entrees, desserts, and such, with beverages included - a full feast when you arrive and whatever the chef prepares for you.  Can't wait to take notes and try the recipes at home.  The woman who was taking reservations down was such a sweetheart - LOVE!
+ask for Chef Michael
+cooking school/demonstrationWe had a great class with Chef Harriet! She was hilarious and had such a knowledge of the history of New Orleans as well as the food. She made us gumbo, jambalaya, pralines and bananas foster. The gumbo and jambalaya were great, the pralines were pure sugar to me which I didn't like but the banana foster was to die for! I am still craving some more. Everything was so good we got seconds! We can't wait to try the recipes at home.This has to be one of my favorite spots in NOLA. You not only get entertained by a great show, you learn a lot of cool things AND you get to EAT. In my book, it doesn't get much better than that. And they food you get to eat is awesome. When I went with about 20 other teenagers in 2007 (for a youth group trip where we were helping post-Katrina...they get extra points for dealing with our huge group so well) we got to eat gumbo, jambalaya, AND pralines. It was basically heavenly. 
If I'm lucky enough to go back to NOLA as an adult, I'm definitely re-visiting this place.I took the afternoon demo class and came out with good recipes for gumbo, jambalaya, and pralines. Although I haven't had the best luck at home when I tried making pralines one time, the chef made it look very easy, inspiring me to try again. He clearly knows what he's doing in the kitchen. Of course one of the best parts of the class is getting to eat! Go up for seconds if you want. Don't be shy!
The food tasted great and I enjoyed the class, but it wasn't as fun as I remember from when I went years ago and watched Big Kevin. There was at least 20-25 minutes of talk before the actual cooking started, which was a bit long since it's a cooking class and was only two hours total. 
Still, I don't regret doing it. If it's your first time in NOLA and you have an interest in cooking I'd recommend trying it once. It's something different and might make you want to try your hand at cooking some great NOLA food when you get home! The store is cute too and I bought quite a few things. But you don't really need to get there 15 minutes early. 5 minutes is enough, then you can decide if you want to buy anything after the class.Great way to spend a couple of hours in NOLA. Learned about jambalaya, gumbo, bread pudding and pralines and got a free Abita beer to boot. Chef Kevin was great as an instructor and was clearly passionate about the subject. If you've ever been curious about how to make these seemingly impossible dishes, then this course is for you. Highly recommended.Once you arrive you check in and then they call your name and you go to the kitchen/dining area and find a seat. 
On your table you will find warm biscuits with sugar cane Syrup to drizzle over, water and iced tea. 
Harriet was our chef today and kept us laughing the entire time while she cooked and explained how to cook the following dishes:
Jambalaya, Gumbo, Tropical Bread pudding
With Rum Sauce, and Pralines
Once you begin eating the prepared dishes you are served Abita Amber Beer. 
Coffee and Lemonade are also available.Learned how to make gumbo, jambalaya and pralines. It was more of a demonstration cooking class but great presentation. Bring your appetite. You sample everything. The samples are a meal in themselves. I did a dinner party at home with the recipes and got rave reviews. Now I'm know for making the best pralines thanks to this class!Took a demo class and loved the experience. It is definitely good value for money. Julie, our chef, also gives a bit of history on New Orleans which was awesome! The food is delicious and I can't wait to get back and try these recipes at home!!We had a group of 9 people and this was by far everyone's favorite stop on our Nola trip. The food was excellent. The corn and crab chowder was up there in top 5 soups I have ever had. Chef Brandon was very knowledgeable about the Creole and Cajun history which was very interesting and informative. Make sure to pick up some Joes Stuff seasoning and the Cajun Power garlic sauce. Awesome! Also, the pecan pralines were my favorite of all the others I have tried. This place is a must do!Our chef Michael was outstanding! Very funny and truly loves what he does! We had the best Sunday breakfast ever, w Free beer too! And for that price? Coffee, 4course very generous tastings (we got seconds on all of them! No judgement!). Amazing 2.5h of fun!Looking for something different & cultural to do in New Orleans. We weren't sure what to expect when we signed up last minute for this class on our last day. Turned out to be one of our best experiences in NOLA. 
First off, it was more like demonstration class than a "hands on" cooking class. We sat in large round table with 8 others and watched the chef cook chicken and andouille sausage gumbo, creole chicken and pralines. Our chef du jour, Pat,  was like a funnier and lively version of Paula Deen, effortlessly feeding us entertaining history of New Orleans while whipping up a masterpiece. Was slightly disappointed that she didn't cook the Jumbalaya when it was on the menu for that day. Portions were generous and tasty..and you can ask for seconds! $27 for authentic Cajun food was a steal, especially in the French Quarter. 
We left with copies of the recipes (which were easy to replicate)  and purchased the seasonings from the general store up front, which we still use in our everyday cooking.Had a great time eating amazing food while learning some history! Ed was a fun, informative teacher. Highly recommended!A must do for anyone visiting New Orleans! The chef was very knowledgeable and entertaining. The food was amazing, I couldn't believe how much food we got to try for  only $25!My husband and I took hands-on class on Sunday, @ 3 pm. Learned simplicity of making roux, gumbo, mocque choux, pralines. Chef Kevin welcomed us into his world, shared the live of his kind of cooking, and his culture. We got to eat our food, and it was delicious. Wonderful experience. Wonderful Chef.Highly recommend the memorable and tasty experience.Chef Kevin is great. Taught us how to cook Gumbo, Jambalaya and Pralines. After he cooks it we get to eat it and it was so so good. Would go back to try other recipes.People said this would be the best thing we'd do in our trip to NOLA, and boy were they right. Big Kevin is a hoot! The gumbo is aaamazing, holy smokes. The pralines and jambalaya were terrific, too. Great experience, and an awesome way to kick-start your vacation. 
I went there with my partner, and it is a great experience as a couple, a family, or a bunch of friends. If you're in NOLA for whatever reason, GO!We thoroughly enjoyed our cooking class with Pat.  We expected a typical cooking class but got so much more with an extensive history and culture lesson.  A great value!I came here once in '05 and once again several weeks ago. I was almost going to book a class at Crescent City Cooks, but changed my mind because I read that they don't have mirrors over the cooking table surface (and... they don't serve free Abita beer). The NOSC always gives a good historical background of the evolution of New Orleans cuisine. I notice that over the years (and even within the same class) they recycle jokes, but whatever gets the crowd going. The recipes they print for you to follow during the class and to take home do not correlate closely with what they're actually cooking (as if they were printed long ago, and over time they forget what they've written), so it was useful when people asked a lot of questions (ex: the roux calls for just "oil," but they only explained that they used lard when a student inquired for clarification (tip: use lard for chicken/andouille gumbos, and butter or vegetable oil for seafood gumbos). Chef Ann is very amiable though. We thought the jambalaya was very good (even after seeing how liberally they poured in their Joe's Hot Stuff), but the gumbo was over-salted. I've had better bread pudding than the one demonstrated, but the pralines they made were nearly as good as Southern Candymakers'. 
On the reservation confirmation, they advise you to arrive 15 minutes early for the class, but I think it's really just about getting you to circle their store several times to buy things (it got us to buy some gumbo file and Joe's Hot Stuff (since this is their signature cajun spice powder, it is cheaper here than at other tourist shops) even before the class started). However, it's useful to sign in early because they call guests' names in the order their arrival -- earlybirds will get to pick the better seats in the classroom.Sooooo happy we came. 5 plus stars all the way.
For $32, you get a 4 course meal, a live lesson and the most entertaining history lecture from the amazing Pat.
She literally talks for 2 hours straight and is obviously passionate about both New Orleans and food. 
We had tried jambalaya and gumbo already, but the dishes that Pat made were so much better. I really think that I can make it again when I get home.
Btw, go online and download a $3 off coupon. Reservations are a must.