Exceeded my expectations. Came here on a very busy weekend in NO, when both Jazz Fest and the annual national neurosurgery meetings were going on. Nevertheless, the front desk staff were friendly and did not appear overwhelmed. I was immediately recognized for my Gold status and upgraded to a river view room on the 39th floor. The room, albeit small and pretty plain, was extremely clean and tidy. I also checked in at around 11 am and didn't have to wait at all (did not request early check in)
In terms of conference venue, the rooms were certainly not bad. Temperature was just right. Wi-Fi is fast. Food and water were decent. All the rooms were easy to get to
Gym was larger than most other hotels and had fresh towels and water readily available. Again quite clean and tidy
The M club unfortunately does not have complimentary alcohol during the PM happy hour. But the chocolate cookies were really addicting. Didn't get a chance to try their hot food though
Overall a positive experience at this Marriott!Every single person we came in contact with that worked at this hotel was pleasant, helpful, and friendly. If it were only the staff to rate, this hotel would be a FIVE PLUS. Since the hotel needs so much work it only gets a THREE.
This hotel is in drastic need of a major renovation. Everything from the lobby, bar, restaurant, hallways, rooms, and pool are all showing their age and is TIRED!
The elevators (punch in your room number, then you proceed to a designated car) are great and really help things move along.Stayed here three nights / four days for a business conference. The conference was hosted at the hotel as well. 
First morning we are there after spending the night. The conference begins at 9 and we have to hit the registration table before the conference with 800+ other attendees. At at few minutes until 7, I started heating up the water for the shower. And I wait. And wait. And wait. 15 minutes later I give up and take a cold shower. After my shower and before my companion gets in the shower, I call down to the help desk and ask what's going on. 
The woman on the other end says she's just gotten off the phone with the engineer and there was a boiler down. She was told just to tell people to keep running the water and it will eventually get warm. I told her I'd already had it on 15+ minutes and it still isn't warm. She said, well it's not fixed yet, but keep running the water. At LUNCH break the water still wasn't warm. Two of us and who knows how many countless other folks had to take cold showers or go unbathed. When I checked out I was asked how my stay was, I mentioned the inconvenience about the cold showers and I got a shoulder shrug. Nothing else. Not, "I'm sorry for the inconvenience". Nothing. Would've liked being comped for one day of parking or extra Marriott points or SOMETHING. 
They were also testing the fire alarm system and one day the PA system blasted a test half a dozen times during our conference classes ... not just 10 minutes of disruption; instead it was off and on and off and on. 
Elevators quit working at one point and we had to walk down 12 flights to catch the bus to our event or be left. I felt sorry for all of the kits toting their luggage in for some kind of competition or game. They were carrying their luggage up countless flights. Luckily the elevator was back up when we got back from our event. 
As if that wasn't enough, the bathroom was TINY. You had to side step the toilet just to close the door. No hand towel hooks. Toilet paper was awful (something I normally never complain about, it was that bad). No real drawer space for clothes (for two people). Ironing board pad was so bad we I ironed khaki pants, the waffle patter of the metal on the board showed up on clothes. 
Asked for an hour later check out so we could finish the conference before packing the car. Was told that wouldn't be possible. Had to pack the stuff in our car at 6:30 in the morning before our first session at 7:30 (since we couldn't get a timeline the night before from the bellhop OR the valet on how long this would take, we had to plan for an hour ahead so we wouldn't be late. As it turned out, it only took 15 minutes. 
We did not know there was a fee for parking. As we checked in, we were told the corporate rate was $36 and change (PER DAY.... supposedly a discount off the almost $50 normal rate we were told). As I went to check out, I was billed for $42 + tax per day. Had to wait while the check out person verified the rate and hand keyed the entire bill (even though the pricing was supposedly already assigned/attached to my bill). 
Conference food as mediocre at best. They did serve Starbucks though. Conference bathrooms were a hike from the majority of our session and ballrooms.Pretty nice place. Bed is comfy rooms are nice. Here for a conference and its a really good setup. Excited to stay the week.Large, factory convention hotel with good location.
Lobby restrooms somewhat hidden in hallway near Starbucks.
Typical convention hotel experience.  Given a choice, for a leisure stay at a larger hotel I'd probably go to the Omni, better located in the French Quarter.I'm here for a dental implant certification course, which is being held at this hotel, and so far everything that I've experienced has been fantastic. The room was clean, water hot, towels plentiful, guest relations on point, conference rooms were nice... many elevators per tower so the wait isn't too bad   There is a bar and restaurant in the lobby, which looks like they would serve nice drinks and cocktails. They have an outdoor pool (actually, two pools-one not as feel as the other) that I can see from my room. It is a rooftop pool with a lot of lounge chairs and room around it...perfect if it was a little warmer. 2nd floor bathroom, by the galleries/conference rooms  was beautiful. Good location, nice hotel. Haven't had a bad experience yet. 5 starsIs this place a joke?  Are the rooms really this small?  Are they really this expensive?  Is there really this much paint peeling off the walls in the bathroom?  Is there really this little water pressure coming from the shower head?  And it's this expensive and they don't include free internet?  Really?  And parking is another $36 per day?  Really?  Where am I...New York?  London?  Tokyo?  What's going on here?
Here are the positives:
_convenient location (if being smack dab in the middle of downtown is important to you).
_friendly staff.
_better-than-average hotel restaurant.
_hotel bartenders who actually know how to make a decent cocktail.
_no charge for using the pool or gym.
_highly efficient elevator system.
Cons (aside from those mentioned above):
_I ordered bread pudding at the bar the first night I was there.  It was excellent.  I told my wife she would need to try some before we left.  So she did...but what came out when she ordered it was so unrelated to what I had ordered that it was almost a different desert entirely.  Different portion size, different consistency, different sauce, different flavors.  I expect consistency on things like that, especially at a chain hotel.
_the piped in hickory smoke smell.  Where is it coming from?  I searched all over for a fireplace and couldn't find one.  It was kind of cozy at first, but after several days all of my clothes smelled like I had been sitting beside a campfire all week long, and it was a bit overwhelming and nauseating.
_Good luck getting a coffee at the Starbucks in the lobby.  The line was always 30 people deep anytime I tried to go there.
_The gift shop upcharge is ridiculous.  $3 for bottled water (that costs an already ridiculous $2 from the vending machines located on the floors above) was baffling.
_very limited vending options...probably done on purpose to make you order room service instead.
_the "riverview" rooms don't actually have a view of the river...unless you're on the very top few floors...and even then, they only kind of have a river view.So disappointed! The two stars are for location only! I've only been here one day and I'm so disappointed in this hotel. It's a bit dated but that's no reason for sup par cleanliness. There was visible dust everywhere. The curtains could have used a good steam cleaning, and everything seems dingy. I've requested a shaving kit 3 times to be told it's on the way up and I'm still waiting.  Got ice from the ice machine that had black remnants and a bug...For the price tag this hotel should be on point. Never again!  Just go to another hotel. You'll be glad you did.Good property. We had an annual convention there. Friendly staff and the facilities were good. Food could be better and decor could use some refreshing but overall a good experience.I cannot recommend this hotel after a 4 night stay there over New Years.  First, they have an elevator system that seems to slow things down.  You have to enter your floor number then wait for an assigned elevator to come to you, you can't just hop on the next one.  This system seemed slower than your normal elevators.
The room lacked amenities that I am used to at Marriott.  A safe and a fridge or mini-bar.  The bed seemed old and was sagging.  Also, there was this strange security door before the hall to our room and door.  However, no one at the hotel had a key to this door, so if someone closed it you had to wait for security to come and 'break' into it.  
Also, I did not feel safe walking around the neighborhood where the hotel is located.  If you only drive or take cabs it may be okay, I would not walk around this area at night.Great time in New Orleans and wonderful accommodations.  Downtown; which allowed us to walk everywhere. I didn't give the hotel a five because we were too close to the pool, but that is not their fault.  Next time I'll remember to request a room that is not too close to pool.I'm currently staying at this hotel and just moved into my THIRD room in one day. The first room smelled of stale cigarettes. One would think a reputable hotel would address this issue in a room clearly marked "No Smoking" before checking a guest in. I ran into another colleague in the lobby and she was also changing rooms as her supposedly non-smoking room also smelled strongly of cigarettes. The second room I was moved to smelled like mold...like the carpet was wet or moldy. I had a difficult time breathing even as I tried to manage it (didn't want to move again). After a few hours of basically holding my breath....I went downstairs to once again request a new room. I told the man at the registration desk that I'd move into the new room after dinner and he said that'd be fine. Well, I came back from dinner an hour lather  to find a housekeeping cart blocking the door and two staff inside (one sitting in a chair and the other making a bed) -- my luggage was open and I my stuff was still all over the room. Imagine the awkwardness as I hurriedly tried to pack while they watched. I still don't understand why housekeeping was told to start working on my room when I was clearly still in it. I later spoke to a manager and I didnt receive much in terms of hospitality other than an acknowledgment that yes, in fact, he'd told the staff to go in my room. Overall, this hotel has left a bad taste (smell?) and i wouldn't recommend it or stay her again.Great place , we had two rooms with 8 guests 4 adults 4 teens. Close enough to everything , I am so glad we picked this location. Rooms are a bit small but we were only there to sleep so it didnt really matter, beds were comfy, pillows comfy, room and bathroom very clean. Bed was a bit small for hubby but for me it was fine. Nice view of the pool area and some of the river rooms 1460 and 1458 , I liked that when we walked out onto Canal st at night it felt "safe" we used Decauter and Royal to go down to Jackson square area and felt safe on both streets. The lobby was very large and we sat in the morning to people watch while the others slept in. Starbucks in the hotel, also a bloody mary bar and fresh hot beignets. Full service hotel that has pretty much anything you need.  We met a very nice bellhop that gave us some nice tips about the city, everyone that we dealt with at the hotel was friendly. Definitely would stay again.Real estate and hotels are all about location.  This hotel's location is ideal if you plan to explore the French Quarter as much as we wanted to.  Step outside the car park and you're there.
The room we had was old and easily the smallest Marriott room I've ever seen.  With two adults and a toddler, we were cramped.
We called ahead and made arrangements for a crib and a refrigerator.  When we checked in, the nice woman helping us said that both were waiting for us in the room.  We arrived and found neither.  When I went back down to the lobby, the same woman looked very concerned and reported that they were out of cribs.  Had I not pressed the issue, my impression was that her intention was to leave the issue as it was.
But press I did, and eventually was informed of a plan to plunder the nearby JW Marriott for a crib.  It arrived an hour later, as did the fridge.  All's well that ends well, but it's one of those situations where I felt like I was needing to push to get the things that had been promised rather than the staff just making it happen.
I would stay here again because I'm not one to spend hours luxuriating in a hotel room when a city as beautiful as New Orleans is in the offing.  If you're looking for a new hotel with large rooms, you'd best look elsewhere.Horrible! Do not stay at this hotel until they are finished remodeling their main entrance / valet area.
No matter what room you are in all you hear is constant jack hammer construction noise. Worse, manager said they would not be doing construction on the weekend which was a flat out lie. We got back to our room Saturday evening at 10:30pm and they were jack hammering. I can't believe hotel executives thought they could do this renovation with guests staying at the hotel. Our convention was here. Our keynote speaker could hardly talk loud enough over all the construction noise. 
Shame on you Marriott!!!!!!Huge and well priced hotel in the heart of the city. Walking distance from everything you could want to see. The river view is lovely. The rooms are small and basic, but very clean, and with Marriott's signature comfortable beds. The gym is basic but large, there's a pool with a view of the city, and the restaurant is quite goodJust stayed here with a friend for 4 nights and we absolutely loved it. The location is phenomenal. Close to just about everything you'd want to see in New Orleans, and if not there is ALWAYS someone out by the main door to help you with directions or to get a cab. The lobby is huge, with a large bar and lounge area. There is a restaurant, gift shop, fed ex, ATM and even a Starbucks conveniently located all in the lobby. The hotel itself is very clean and equipment with all modern day needs. Our room had a mini fridge with free water daily, coffee maker and several USB outlets in the room which is SO convenient. Beds are very comfortable and we even had a pretty decent view of the city. A minor detail I noticed is they provide liquid soap instead of the standard bar soap for hands. I love that as the liquid soap is easier for use-i wish more hotels would do this. The only negative was the bathroom was a bit small. We managed because we were two people but had there been 4 people in that room, that bathroom would be way too small. This hotel is also known as a convention hotel which we didn't know at the time of booking, it wasn't a problem really but the lobby was always full of people and pretty loud. This also made the elevators very busy at times. If that is not ideal for you then you might not want this hotel. The lobby also had computers available for easy check in to your flight AND printers so you can print your boarding pass. I loved this feature! The staff was exceptional, always willing to help with a pleasant attitude and a smile. I would definitely stay here again.beautiful! Classy, clean.
Probably helped that I was on the concierge level, but I thought the overall vibe of the hotel to be top-notch in every aspect.
Wished I'd stayed longer rather than switch hotels to join my friends.
(There is a mysterious camp-fire smell in the lobby that we were never able to identify. Not even annoying, just made us curious)On the surface this hotel appears to be nice and worth the cost, but there were just too many problems on my recent stay for me to leave impressed. First, I went to take a shower on three separate occasions and there was no hot water! I thought maybe I just needed to let the water run longer, but after five minutes the water was still ice cold. Second, when housekeeping would tidy up my room during the day the job was quite half-asses. I wasn't given clean glasses, refills on coffee or tea in the room, no new ice bags, and no refills on toiletries. Even when I left a note for housekeeping I still only got about half of these things. Third, the coffee maker in my room was broken and I asked to have this addressed and it never was and I stayed for four nights. Finally, nearly half of the cable channels on my TV wouldn't work. I am staying at this hotel as part of a work conference so I had little say in the choice of hotel, but if the conference ever comes back to this hotel I will stay somewhere else because even at a discount conference rate this hotel was nowhere near worth the cost.Stayed at the Marriott New Orleans for four nights for a conference.  Many of the common areas are nice.  The conference area and meeting rooms are fine.  The restaurant was nice.  However, the actual rooms are outdated and need to be renovated severely.  The doors to each room haven't been touched in years (30?).  The bathrooms are old.  In-room wi-fi was $12.95 for 24 hours.  Won't stay here again.  Did like the elevator keying tech.A good hotel for a giant property. Beds were super comfortable, nice shower head, good elevator system and overall good service. This place is a typical giant conference hotel. Took way to long to check in, people everywhere 24/7. Not really a relaxing environment. The room was pretty well sound proofed though which Was a plus.So, I had the seafood gumbo at the M Lounge of the hotel, which I gather it's from the on-site restaurant. Taste is pretty good, but little salty, likely cause it's been simmering for an hour. 6/10 for the gumbo.I would give it a 3.5. I wish Yelp had 1/2 star options. 
I've stayed here a couple of times and it is fine. I used to think it was pretty nice but now it is just above average. The rooms are showing their age. My specific complaints are that for that price ($500 for 2 nights) there should be a safe in the room, and seriously, they need to use laundry softener. The towels were rough. Our TV had a problem so reception was lost every five minutes. Other than that, we love the location, the service is very accommodating, and the beds are comfortable.I stayed here with my sister for the 2017 Sugar Bowl. The moment we walked in, the staff was courteous and accommodating. We had to wait 3 hours for our room to be ready because we arrived early and with all the hubbub of the event, there were many rooms not yet ready. It was fine though because we ate lunch and watched football in the central lobby. The bellman captain and his crew, as well as the concierge, were always very helpful. I would definitely stay at this hotel again!Stayed here for a conference.  Rooms are small, bed and pillows are old, 
and the bathroom door was warped to the point where it was almost impossible to close with one hand.  Location is very good, but this is not up to the usual Marriott  standards.  Sheets are so heavily starched that they made both of us itch.  Room was not cleaned in the morning, but later in the day and usually not fully restocked with coffee and bath products.  Would try the JW next visit, just across the street.For our vacation, we were staying at the Q&C Autograph hotel, a part of the Marriott family, about a 5 minute walk away from the Marriott.  Q&C didn't have a pool, but lucky for us there were reciprocal benefits at this location and we were able to utilize the pool facilities as directed by our concierge - all we needed to do was show our key card.
Floor 5 and right above canal street, the Marriott's pool facilities were well-kept even through the masses of dance competition families strewn about every floor.  There were more than enough fresh, clean towels available and it was nice that they had a room service menu readily available to review next to the phones (we did not order, but the options were nice!).
Based on the pool, location, and well-kept hotel floors, I'd definitely recommend this hotel to others!We stayed here for a convention, and the service was remarkable, considering the sheer number of people on property. The rooms are small, so if you are traveling with a family, even with two young kids, you will need a suite or parlor room. A regular room is just physically too small to fit two kids (ages 11 months and 4 years). 
This property knows how to treat platinum members. Check in was quick and efficient, there are great views from most of the rooms--either city or river view (request the river view--we had city, which was still beautiful).
The concierge lounge was well stocked and staffed. The food was excellent and we were really happy with the service.
Yes, the rooms need to be updated to match the lobby and lounge space, but truly, I think the service overcame most of the smaller, negative things.
The biggest issue is the noise. We were on a high floor, but you HAVE to request to be far from the elevators. The beeping is incessant.I gave it two stars based on location alone. Literally steps to Bourbon Street, fantastic restaurants, easy walking distance to the riverside, Cafe DuMonde, the start line for the Rock n Roll marathon, a quick hop across the street to Walgreens, I will give it that, great location. Our room was TEENY TINY, as in, I, you're very average, 5'7, size 8 female, could not stretch out on the floor after the half-marathon. I had to do it on the bed. The sink and bath didn't drain, my husband and I had to sleep in separate beds (even after calling ahead, explaining our travel situation and being assured that a King, river view room was reserved for us), but the absolute worst was the elevator. We had to try ear plugs because the elevator and our room shared a wall. It was the absolute worst. I'm sure many people visiting the French Quarter wouldn't notice, but when you are resting up for a race, it was aggravating. Our room was serviced once during our 4-night stay. We would leave in the morning, return around 4:30-5pm to get cleaned up for dinner and it still hadn't been serviced, so we would put the privacy  hanger out so that we could get ready, take it off when we left for dinner, return and our room was the exact same as we left it. The towels were worn, thin and abrasive. I felt like I was using a paper towel to dry off with. We had a drink at the bar when we arrived Friday night. The one bartender was just awful and the other was fantastic. It just wasn't a good experience. For $300 per night, I expected better. I guess if I would have had more to drink, I probably wouldn't have noticed.We stayed here last month and really liked the location.  Far enough from the shenanigans of Bourbon, but close enough that you can be there in about 10 minutes.  The room was about average size and the bed was comfy.  I wish the bathroom was bigger (if you are sitting on the pot, you'll need to be aware if the door swings open, not a lot of room) and I wish there was a small fridge in the room.  The bathroom towels were also pretty scratchy.
The elevator system was very efficient.  You keyed in the floor you were going to and then it told you which elevator to board.  No waiting on dropping people off on multiple floors! The front desk was also really helpful any time we had questions and while checking in. They had a massive lobby which included a big bar area which was a good place to designate as a meeting area.
Would I stay here again? I wouldn't rule against it but I would certainly look at other deals in town.I'm a huge Marriott fan and stay almost exclusively in Marriott hotels.  The hotel in general here was great.  Awesome service, good lobby area, and fun bar.  Tons of amenities in the hotel and you seriously cannot beat the hotel's location.  My room, on the other hand, was sort of gross for how much the hotel costs.  Room was TINY, awkwardly laid out, and felt a bit dirty.  It's not that the maid did a poor job, because that was fine -- it's just that some of the furniture was old and stained.  I don't think I'd stay here again because of the condition of the room, it was just too expensive for rooms like that.  I will, however, stay at another Marriott location.Oddly Lilliputian hotel room--everything was just a bit undersized.  The ceiling was dropped a couple of inches lower than it seemed like it should've been.  You could brush both edges of the bathroom doorframe with your shoulders if you didn't enter the room at an angle.  The standard furniture was jammed into the bedroom with nary an inch to spare.  I could've been much more comfortable with some stylish, space-maximizing furniture and an inch or two with which to turn around with my baby.
That having been said, the staff was mostly competent and managed to handle a citywide water outage okay.  I did miss the tasty, tasty cucumber-lemon water from the lobby once the boil water order went through, but them's just the breaks.With eight people trying to check in there was only one person working the desk.  The other three employees were leaning on the wall discussing "last nights" guest.  If not for a guest two in front of us raising his concern.. we may still be there waiting to check in...
The second star is for the room.. only fair..
In the end, it was a disappointment...For the price, (almost $300) I expected much better. The room was small with a view of the pool and part of Canal Street. As a New Orleans resident, I knew exactly what we were getting with the location - convenient if you want to go to the casino, not so much if you plan to spend your night on the other side of the Quarter or in the Marigny. 
The rooms are small with nothing special added on. 
The entire hotel mysteriously smelled like BBQ but there is no restaurant on premises. 
My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night and the receptionist at the front desk asked if two double beds were okay, as we stood there in our wedding attire. I requested a king and made it clear that we were not willing to budge on that and a room with a king miraculously appeared.
If this room was a ridiculously cheap rate then it would be a steal, otherwise, nothing special to see here.I was excited to do a Priceline negotiator for a hotel in New Orleans. But what I did not know was what the Marriott had to offer or not offer as it turns out. 
We arrived after a very long trip to a line of cars to get into the garage. We waited an hour to even get up to the hotel. My wife was in and out of the car several times before we were helped. When we finally out into the garage we found out parking is $33 a day! But what can you do? There isn't really another option.
Then when my wife checked in, the hotel told her that they had no more king rooms. We are a newly married couple and wanted the room we reserved but no. They "upgraded" us to another room with a better view but two double beds. Well let me say, two grown women in a double bed sucks. 
When we got to our room we found out that we did not have a refrigerator OR Internet! What the heck?! 
Honestly had I known what we'd be getting for our deal on Priceline, I would've gone somewhere else.
The only redeeming factor of this hotel is the location. And the nifty elevator. But seriously, we won't be coming back. Our reservation of a king room was not honored, the valet parking is outrageous and the lack of Internet (or having to pay $14.95 a day) is outrageous. Needless to say, we will spend our money elsewhere next time and get a real deal rather than having to pay more for hidden fees and amenities other hotels offer.Big- Old- Marriott hotel in a great location right on Canal Street.
Easy in and out due to the large covered drop area on the side.
Large lobby and plenty of staff for check in. Even with all of this, 
check in was slow. That's ok. 
The Bad- The room. We are Elite Gold members and were upgraded to
a corner room in the River Tower. I'm not sure if "upgrade" is the correct 
term for the room.  On the surface it looked ok. Partially renovated. But,
after spending a little time in there, it obviously needed a deep cleaning. 
The bathroom situation is awful.  Fake drop ceiling that is dusty and dirty around the edges. You can see the dust hanging. Only one person can fit into the tiny space at a time.  Really uncomfortable/impossible for 2 people trying to get ready. 
Our fridge was dirty. It had not been wiped out between guests. The inside of the windows were dusty. A previous occupant had drawn hearts on the windows in the dust that became obvious in the morning light. 
Yes, really. 
Nevertheless, if you have allergies, as I do, do not stay here. Old popcorn ceilings need upgrading also. The 1970's are over. 
Time to fully renovate these rooms. 
The Good- Breakfast in the M club room. Probably the best breakfast
I've had at a Marriott property. Nicely put together, anything you could imagine. The only low quality items were the breakfast pastries. They were even frying beignets. The breakfast was far superior to the afternoon happy hour. 
The other "good" was the elevator system as others have mentioned.
Extremely efficient. Also, the view from our room was great. 
If this is the location that you need to be, it's fine. If you have a choice,
I would look further. For the price, you can do better.Just got home from a week-long conference in NOLA.  Our organization was booked at the New Orleans Marriott.  Right off the bat - love the location.  Perfectly convenient.  Quiet enough to get work done, but close enough to all the action on Bourbon Street, French Quarter, etc...everything within walking distance.  The second half of my week was at the Convention Center, and this Marriott was close enough to walk there (10-15 minute walk on average) and easily accessible by trolley, shuttle or taxi.
Sleeping rooms were under par for a Marriott and are definitely in need of renovation/updates.  I'm told that this is one of the few hotels in the French Quarter that did not undergo a huge renovation for when NOLA hosted the Superbowl.  Despite the older/outdated feel to the rooms, mine (double bed) provided enough comfort for a week-long stay.  I liked the ample desk space and got a lot of work done in my room at night. Wi-fi's available at a daily fee in room (14.95) and complimentary in the hotel lobby (and as part of our meeting room package).  The room bathroom could have used some updating as well, it was a bit small but again, fine for a business trip.  I don't know if it was because the hotel was sold out while I was there, but sometimes the water ran too hot or too cold in the early morning or late evening...and my toilet made loud clanging noises every time I flushed it!  I had a nice view of the river and was entertained by the ships rolling through.
At times, I could hear people coughing, sneezing or talking, whether it came from adjoining rooms or in the corridor, I'm not certain, but sound really carried on my floor.  I was also across from the ice/vending machines, so I could hear people using the vending machines and getting ice at all hours of the day/night.  One more thing I noticed...there was open space between the floor and my hotel room door.  I've never really noticed this in other hotels (will probably take note from now on), but it did call my attention here because the space under my door was noticeable and would cast shadows of people walking past my room in the front entrance of my room. Regardless, I'm sure they'll plan to renovate the rooms soon.
I was hoping to get out more during my trip to experience the wonderful NOLA food, but more often than not, I was ordering room service.  The menu was pretty good.  Better than the usual room service food and they did offer local menu items.  I enjoyed the gumbo.  Everything's priced high (service & delivery fees are tacked on), but comparable to what you'd pay in other hotels for room service.
The lobby area is wonderful and updated.  Tasty, cold, fresh fruit water is available off the lobby bar.  Love the assigned elevator system (punch in your floor on the keypad and you get assigned an elevator).  Even in the busiest times, I didn't have to wait too long for a lift...and I was on the 23rd floor.
Also loved the on-site FedEx Office and Starbuck's.
I give this hotel 4 stars because my experience with staff was wonderful.  From housekeeping to room service to front desk to gift shop...all around, great service.  I really felt catered to here.
And special mention to the Meetings & Catering Staff at the New Orleans Marriott.  I spent my entire weekend in meetings at the Marriott and the staff here was nothing short of amazing.  I had one meeting that needed a last minute speakerphone (literally, 5 minutes before start of my meeting).  A/V and Meeting staff were there w/in two minutes, speakerphone hooked up and cords taped down, with a minute to spare.  I barely heard catering staff as they set for bfasts/breaks/lunches.  And they constantly checked on us to make sure things were going smoothly.
All in all, glad we chose this location as our HQ hotel.  Also, one special note - if you're looking to stay in NOLA for meetings and want to be close to the Convention Center, there is another Marriott, the 'New Orleans Marriott Convention Center', that is located directly across from Halls A/B of the Ernest N Morial Convention Center.  Don't get the two Marriotts confused!  
This Marriott is the one in the French Quarter on Canal, and will be a 10-15 minute walk to the Conv Center.  We had some meeting attendees who made that mistake and were surprised by the distance.The room wasn't cleaned well, and in our several day stay it was only cleaned once after I called twice.  The pillows are flat.  Our room was right next to the cleaning room - with thin walls, it was noisy listening to the cleaning staff through the walls.  Don't recommend.Great location! Walking distance to all of the French Quarter, street cars located right out the front door that will take you to all the great sights, and excellent customer service. We stayed for 4 nights-the bed and linens were very comfortable. I would definitely stay here again. Great value for the price.Do NOT use this hotel.  Check in was horrible, even though elite status, had us wait 20 minutes with no clear explanation of why. Hotel staff will steal your belongings.  There is no safe provided.  I left a tip and  accidentally my Kindel in the room when I checked out.  Called the hotel within 60 minutes of checking out, asked the hotel desk to check the room.  They said they would check and call me back.  After another 30 minutes of waiting had to call the hotel again to find out status. Desk manager indicated tip and Kindel had been removed from room and would check with Lost and Found and would call me back.  Again no call back I had to reach out to them and they indicated could not find anything, in essence to bad so sad.  I recommend any hotel but this one!The place itself is very nice and clean. We weren't too happy when we found out they have sold our room though. However, they were nice enough to try to make things right by offering us a $25 good voucher.Great location and accommodations are clean and comfortable.  Service isn't the best.  Front desk person didn't say much and didn't smile.  We got locked out of our room two nights in a row because the key stopped working - first night we had to go back to the front desk twice to get our key to work and second night had to call a second time for security to let us in after waiting in front of our room door for 15 minutes.  Staff isn't rude but definitely not enthusiastic or anxious to help when you need it.This hotel is in the idea spot. However, as an elite member we had 24 hour access to the M Club. The breakfast was good but they constantly ran out of food. The evening appetizers were nice but again they constantly ran out of food. I'm pecsectarian and I was told I could put in a request for the chef to make something for me conducive to my diet. Well, the first day he did. The following days I was told he couldn't do that anymore. Then I asked for additional vegetables that were on the buffet and I was told they didn't have anymore. This was told to me at 530 and they start serving at 5. The vegetables ran out each and everyday that I was there. The M Club was not a happy experience. I also noticed a lot of non Elite people coming in and eating that shouldn't have. Upon my check out I had been charged 3 charges for utilizing the Club. If I hadn't looked at my bill it would have been a mess on my credit card. Also, the water pressure in the rooms are a joke. It took 20 minutes to wash shampoo out of my hair. I will give a shot out to Natalie and Cari who are amazing front desk ladies. Thats where the 2 stars come in.I was concerned about the bedbug issues in other reviews. The manager Kevin Granier (apologize if I spelled the name wrong) met us upon arrival and walked through the room. He was very thorough in explaining the problems they have had and how they've been treated. I can't say enough about how much we appreciated that. The rooms were fine,location great, friendly staff, and I would go back.I just have to say, not impressed. My husband is platinum with Marriott, and we pretty much only stay with Marriott brand hotels. When we arrived we were offered an upgrade to a suite for an extra $50/night. The hotel was oversold so they were willing to discount them...at platinum the free upgrade would have been nice, but why not we are on vacation. We were in a suite on the 32nd floor. It did have plenty of extra space, but it wasn't really decorated and had kind of random furniture with lots of wasted space. Also sitting on the table was a letter letting us know construction would be going on 7 days a week from 8am-6pm at the hotel. Wow, thanks for letting us know! The bathroom in our suite was ridiculously tiny and the toilet was almost impossible to flush. Our room was never serviced (we stayed two nights), she finally came by at quarter to 6pm but we were getting ready for dinner and didn't want to leave, she seemed quite bothered. At $287 a night I would really expect more, and I expect more from a suite at a Marriott. I'm giving three stars because the location is great, the views from our room were nice, and the front desk staff were friendly. The rooms are comfortable, standard Marriott bedding.Very nice hotel, comfortable beds, clean room and an excellent staff.  The location is extremely convenient, my only gripe is they charge you extra for wi-fi, $12.95 a day for basic web surfing, so that's why I knocked a star off, but other than that, it was great.Right off the bat, I must admit I was a little too hard on the Nola Marriott. First impressions are important, and they kind of blew it, but my experience with the hotel (in the flesh) was so much better than I thought it would be. 
I arrived on a Tuesday afternoon and met with John L. for check-in. He was very professional and nice and, above all, sincere. My experience with him changed my entire view of the hotel - I really hope they see this and he gets kudos. He was the absolute best. 
Next, the elevators. I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about! Honestly, the elevator system is genius and I can see why they implemented such a system. I was there in the off season and it got busy, I can only imagine what it's like when Nola is actually busy. What's so hard about entering your floor number and waiting for the system to tell you which elevator car to go to? Nothing. It was so great - I sang the system's praises to every staff member I encountered. 
The food provided at my conference was meh. Breakfast with only coffee, bagels and weird biscuit things with meat/eggs/cheese baked in the middle? I wondered where the fresh fruit was, then someone told me fresh fruit is hard to come by in Nola. I'm not sure if this is true, perhaps it was just an oversight on my conference organizers' part. Anyway, breakfast was decent, but very heavy. Lunch was what one attendee described as "wedding food" which I thought was kind of rude, but also fitting. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great. I'm not complaining. 
Overall, I enjoyed my stay. My room was clean, no one bothered me (I kept the "do not disturb" sign on the door for the duration of my stay), and the staff was super friendly. 
My one major complaint: the wifi sucked. And my LTE didn't work in the hotel (but it did elsewhere).This hotel thought they were ready for our convention...I warned them I really did. They weren't. The Lifts couldn't handle the number of people running around the hotel the restaurant couldn't handle the large groups that we tend to show up in and with 2400 conventioneers at any given time running around the place was deafening.
Staff was amazing except in the fedex office which normally I wouldn't mention in a Marriott review however this Marriott has allowed fedex to buy the rights to handle incoming packages which means that it can cost a LOT of money to pick up a parcel you have already paid a lot of money to ship. In fact it would have been cheaper to buy an extra suitcase and pay for it on the plane rather than ship stuff in.
Rooms are dated and a fridge can be hard to get your hands on even if it is for medical purposes and booked months in advance. There is a laundrette in the building so you can do a load of laundry if you want to and the hotel is within easy walking distance of Burbon street if you want to get out and about.This place is super clean and comfy! My husband and I were here for just a weekend and stayed on the River tower part of the building. Our room's view looked down on Canal Street and was beautiful at night. It's not as loud as other people said it would be. You just hear the random ambulance sirens. It didn't bother us. 
We didn't get a rental car so I'm not sure about parking here. We just relied on Uber while there. It's about $30 to and from the airport from here. 
I also love the unique elevator system as we have never seen that before. All the bellhop guys were super nice and friendly as well. We will definitely stay here again when we come back!Very standard hotel as you would expect. My only complaint was that our shower didn't drain and it was never fixed. Other then that the staff was very nice and our room was always very clean.Stayed here 5/27 - 5/30 and it has been a pleasant stay.  Helpful doorman and quick check in. We stayed in room 662.  It has a good view of the pool and side view of the river.  Beds is soft but pillows could be better.  We didn't use room service only had towels replaced daily.  Elevator wait is never longer than a few seconds thanks to their high tech elevator system.  Even though I'm an Atlanta Falcons fan the bellman were extremely kind and helpful. That Falcons/Saints rivalry will never die!  :-)
We ate in the hotel restaurant for breakfast on the last day.  The $24 buffet was worth it because it included beverage and fresh to order omelettes. 
This hotel is just a few short walking blocks away from bourbon and the French quarter.  You can walk or take the trolly around the city.  I recommend getting a day trip trolley ticket to get to and from the French market.  There's a flea market (too many vendor types to name), outdoor eateries and live jazz.The rooms are very basic. For the price, you're really just paying for the fabulous location.Nice hotel that's in a great spot. The restaurant located within the hotel has the best breakfast and is reasonably priced. Comfy beds and nice lobby area. My only complaint is the valet parking...it needs to be a little more organized.Your neighbors next door are really annoyed with your Valet Honkers! It starts at 6am everyday! Not great noise for sleeping. Won't be back to La Galerie because of it!Great location. liked this Marriott. Easy in and out to Bourbon street. Room was clean and nice size. Love the beds. For sure will be back.My friends and I had a great 3 night stay at the Marriott over Memorial Day weekend.
From the get-go, the price was almost unbelievable ($125 per night with AAA discount).  I requested early check-in and was accomodated without question.  The hotel is in a fantastic location -- right in the French Quarter and most everything you want to see in the FQ is walkable, even in the heat.
The hotel lobby was nicely done -- very spacious and welcoming.  A huge bonus was the big jugs of water (with fruit on the bottom!) in the lobby.  I drink water all day long, so you can bet I was there filling up my water bottle constantly.  There is also a bar, gift shop and Starbucks.  Thank you, Starbucks Grande Iced Passion Tea for curing each day's hangover woes.
The hotel is massive and has two towers.  We were in the tower to the left.  I had requested a high floor and we were given a room on the 11th floor, which overlooked the pool and a bit of Canal Street.  It was nice to be able to see how crowded the pool was each day and how much sun was out.
The room was very clean and bright.  Average size -- there were four of us and we never felt cramped.  Large flat screen TV offered a wide selection of stations.
The pressure in the shower was great.  My one qualm was that there was no vent in the bathroom.  There was actually a vent, but no ventilation, so it was very steamy and humid in the bathroom after showers.  Other than that, no complaints.
The pool was wonderful.  There are actually two pools -- one for smaller children and one right next to it that goes as deep as 8 feet.  They were both heated, but not to the point that they weren't refreshing in the NOLA heat.
I did use the gym, which I thought was great.  Much larger than other hotel gyms I've experienced -- tons of treadmills and lots of free weights.  They had a water cooler and towels and offered complimentary fruit, which was an added bonus.
Oh!  I almost forgot to mention the elevators!  They were so fun.  You push in the number floor you're going to before you get on the elevator and then it tells you which elevator you will be taking up.  There are no buttons inside beside Door Open/Close, therefore no one can ever run and yell, "hold the elevator!" just as the doors are about to close.
Overall, couldn't have asked for a better experience.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful.  Would definitely stay there again.Great hotel i have to first of all say. Not to far from the main events a block or two not to far from the shopping, drinking or casino or touring. Could say good location. Need extra towels at 1am got them at 1:10am.  Really good  to say.  The room was very nice, good size, the bathroom is nice but simple good deco.  One thing they didnt have a flat scrn tv, little down side but that's it. I would surly stay here again. Ooo nice pool area, and my first trip with my friend. first of many..Staying in New Orleans for first time this hotel is in the French Quarter. The room is nice and the bed was comfortable the pillows are thick and not easy to sleep on.  An issue with construction noise their solution to provide ear plugs there is no way if you wanted to sleep beyond 8:00 a.m. you would be able too with ear plugs.  We ate breakfast at the hotel it was good food we ordered off the menu our waitress was friendly and polite.   We stopped in the bar later for cold ice tea and ordered a beer and wings.  We sat down on the long couch waiting for a waitress and was ignore us for 15 minutes and waited on 7 others before us. I asked when does the kitchen close 1st waitress said  11:00 pm. She walked away didn't provide menu or ask what we wanted 2nd waitress came by asked what we wanted drinks we said yes place napkins down than walked away for 10 minutes passed. Taking others orders who sat down after us. Isn't that we we're in hurry concerned getting close to 11:00 p.m. when the kitchen closes. The 2nd waitress place the order 10:58 pm she had to run to place order.   We sat down about 10:40 pm  bar was about 1/3 full. I did asked the 1st waitress if she worked in the area she said no her tone was curt. She could have sent a waitress over to us when we first sat down though she did not. My opinion all wait staff in bar needs to be retrained. The food is good and service staff marginal. So if your hungry and thirsty find another  place. The Hotel is expensive to stay and not close to three stars.  The service staff is inconsistent throughout the hotel.  The Hotel shows that it needs work in many areas management should take this review seriously about their service staff being marginal in the bar and need to also  mitigate for construction noise besides ear plugs. If your booked Hotel Marriott go with low expectations.I happen to be an elite member of Marriott and I'm often very critical when I don't receive exemplary service and accommodations with this chain. I will say that the staff and management delivered what my Wife and I expect. The staff was all around exceptional, from the front desk, members club team and cleaning crew. It was one of the nicer member's clubs that I've been to, and it offered a great assortment of snacks and munchies. By the end of the week we were quite friendly with the the woman at the desk at club desk and looked forward to seeing her each day. Kudos to the cleaning crew, I don't know how you keep the place so clean in an environment like NOLA. Areas for improvement would be quicker elevators and   better working TV remotes.This hotel was alright. Nothing really to write home about.  The lobby was nice; the elevators frustrating and confusing; the rooms were decent but the place is definitely overdue for a revamp.  When I went into the bathroom, I felt like Zoolander - what did they design that space for - ANTS!?!  I'm 5'11 and just holding up my arms to get a shirt on I was putting my hand thru the ceiling.  I actually had to get dressed out in the actual hotel room (which this was a work trip and I had a roommate so that was kind of awkward). There is a Starbucks in the lobby which was nice but give the choice of a hotel, I personally would have passed on this one.  This stay was booked by the company, however.I was down in New Orleans for a wedding over a recent weekend, and given the festivities were happening here, we figured it would be most convenient to stay here as well (along with the celebratory rate). There's a more traditional lobby entrance where cars can pull in, but our taxi driver dropped us off at the more subtle Canal Street entrance, where you can walk right in and be right by the front desk. The lobby is pretty spacious - there's a bar and a lot of free seating - so if you need to kill some time, you can definitely park yourself downstairs with no issue at all. Checking in and out was easy (I checked out by phone), and getting to our room was a cinch as well. I actually like the corporate building-style elevator pads better, and it avoids an unnecessary rush to pile into the elevators (a necessity in the River Tower, which goes up over 40 floors).
The rooms themselves are pretty standard-issue - I wouldn't call it anything special, although the river view rooms on the upper floors offer you sweeping views of the Mississippi River and the boats that are traveling it up and down. Do make sure to keep the blinds closed if the weather is nice, though - being east-facing, the sun will wake you up as soon as it rises, which we found out the hard way. I appreciated that the plugs had USB ports as well, but some of them didn't work - either a sign of cheap electrical work or of a renovation already beginning to age out. The bathrooms are tiny, which is more of an inconvenience than a real hardship, but it did remind me that despite the grand views and the size, this wasn't anything too fancy we were staying at.
With my Gold membership, we were entitled to free food from the M Club Lounge, which I will say that I did enjoy. The breakfast food - from the slightly runny scrambled eggs (which was the first day; the second day was a bit drier) to the slightly sweet pecan-smoked bacon - was very good and definitely some of the better breakfast buffet food I have had at a hotel.
My only other hotel experiences in New Orleans have been subpar at best, so this was definitely a huge step up. That said, the location is optimal, the rooms were quite nice and reasonably priced, and there was a very good breakfast to boot - so on a relative scale, this earns a rating above where I'd expect the base-level brand of a big chain hotel to come in. Whenever I'm back in town, this will definitely be under my consideration for staying at again.If my math is right, I first stayed in this place 30 years ago.  It's undergone many improvements since then, and my most recent stay, for the long Labor Day weekend of 2013, was the best one yet.  We had pricelined it a couple of months ago, so I fully expected to be relegated to some viewless room on a low floor directly above the kitchen or boiler room.  However, when we arrived and received our keys, I was delighted to find that our Elite membership had been honored.  We were given a room on the 29th floor facing north, straight up Canal Street; a view I strongly prefer over that of the Mississippi River, which emits too much morning sun to facilitate late sleeping.  The new elevator system, in which one enters the floor number rather than a simple UP or DOWN button, results in very impressive traffic control in the elevator lobby, faster elevator speeds, and almost always a "private" elevator.  A pure genius invented this thing.  Our room, although rather small, was nicely furnished, clean, and quite comfortable.  Washing my face upon arrival, I found to my disgust that the hand towel was soured; I called the concierge immediately and in no more than three minutes, an entire set of fresh bath linens arrived at my door.  The Starbucks in the lobby is a great addition; however, it needs to add the scanner that most Starbucks locations now have to accept the phone app paying method.  We took advantage of the happy hour in the lobby lounge one afternoon and I must say, that was one delicious glass of Champagne and the calamari with lemon aioli was perfect.  My only criticism of the guest room was that there needs to be a towel rack on the wall above the vanity.  The one towel rack is inside the shower-tub enclosure, and the only other place to keep bath linens is in a cubby hole underneath the vanity.  Otherwise, this place is ideal.  The location is great, right on the cusp of the Vieux Carre and the CBD, a close walk to the beautiful Canal Place Mall and Harrah's Casino, and right on the streetcar line.  We will be back.The staff here is incredible. Had a late night issue and Preston at the front desk was fantastic. Went above and beyond to help me out. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. Beautiful rooms and awesome holiday decorations.Decent hotel, GREAT location. The bed was super comfy and the staff were swift and to the point. Would have loved a little more personalization or a bit more hospitality but it is what it is.Decent hotel.
Great lounge.
In the heart of the city.
Rooms are a little small, no recycling receptacle as advertised, no continental breakfast like other Marriotts.
They do have a pool. 
Average room on the 19th floor.I don't like giving negative reviews, but man this hotel is not keeping up with other Marriott chains. Stayed here for a conference and for the price of rooms I expected more. Conference rooms had holes/scrapes on walls and ceilings, the elevators weren't working at least half of the time meaning many had to schlep up to their 20th+ floor or wait 25 minutes and hope for a non broken, non over filled elevator. Room towels were yellowed and stained. No vent in the bathrooms made for a SUPER muggy room after showers.
The location was good and it was convenient to walk places but for over $200 a night definitely go somewhere else!THE MARRIOTT HAS COMPLETELY RUINED MY VACATION! The resident managers Donald Payne and Sally Norman  are perfectly fine with the practice of having the valet  honk the horns of the cars 3 to 4 times per each turn through their parking structure as the valet drive your vehicle. No other hotel with valet service  in the FQ conducts business in this manner. Their stance is that it is for the safety of their hotel patrons. However, there is no self park. VALET PARKING IS $44 a night and subcontracted out. So basically the Marriott washes their hands with the valet parking behavior in every way. The Marriott parking structure could be equipped with mirrors at every turn but, they feel it is more important to honk the horn of the moving vehicle 3-4 time per turn to insure the safety that another valet Parker isn't coming from the opposite direction and doesn't smash into your car. THE MARRIOTT IS CLEARLY IN VIOLATION OF THE FRENCH QUARTER NOISE ORDINANCES. This is a horrible set up and I am here the let you know this hotel doesn't not care about you or anyone around them. Go to another near by hotel that cares about incessant unnecessary noise pollution and the well bring of others. (See video)Second time staying here...great hotel and great location. We were checked in by Cari W. We told her of our horrible previous night stay at a Quality Inn parksleepfly at Detroit airport. We settled into our room and a few hours later Cari sent up a bottle of wine and chocolate covered roses with a hand written note stating "hope your stay at our hotel will be a pleasant one".
Also Angela was our cleaning person for the week. She was fabulous....always smiling and greeting us every morning as we headed out on the town.
One negative...they advertised happy hour for Sunday football from 5-10 PM. When we ordered and asked about it the woman bartender was abrupt saying it's only 4-7. I offered to take a picture of the lobby add and she just ignored us and walked away. A little bitchy and was reflected in her 70 cent tip!I never had to pay for the room, so I'm not sure what it would've taken from my wallet, but I enjoyed the place.
The room was excellent. Couch with pull-out bed. Full kitchen. Spacious bathroom, comfortable bed. The bed on the pull-out couch was the most comfortable wannabe bed I've ever slept on. Swear to Louis Armstrong.
The wi-fi was good. No complaints. I just felt like we were all alone on our floor. Which was nice, but creepy.This hotel is close enough to the activity of the quarter, but far enough away to justify a family visit. Decent room size and awesome service. Very military friendly.We had an extremely pleasant 5-night stay at the New Orleans Marriott on Canal Street. The hotel is brilliantly set up for both business travelers and tourists. Transportation is super easy: just outside the hotel lobby you can easily catch a taxi, Uber, tour company bus, and the streetcar is just a couple of blocks away. The hotel's location is outstanding, and we were able to walk to the majority of the highlights we wanted to see in the French Quarter. Our room on the 38th floor was spotlessly clean, the bed was extremely comfortable, and the sheets and comforter were soft and of high quality. The temperature in the room was perfect, the room was extremely quiet, and when we closed the window coverings, the room was very dark. As a result of these perfect sleeping conditions, we slept exceptionally well every night and woke up refreshed and rested each morning. The breakfasts and evening culinary offerings at the M Club lounge were very, very good; the omelet station and wide variety of fresh, healthy and delicious breakfast items were available each morning. There was a nice variety of healthy and tasty dishes during the evening culinary offerings. There was not one problem with our stay, and we rate our experience at the New Orleans Marriott Canal Street an A+.Horrible service if you are of color. Reserved room a couple months in advance was told we would get 2 twin beds to accommodate my wife and 2 kids. Once we arrived from driving all the way from California we didn't get rooms we were promised. We end up having to pay extra $100 a night for upgrade so our kids would have room to sleep on the floor on air mattresses. For this price my children should have to sleep on the floor. Never will use them again. Oh we got a free breakfast for one day that's why they received 1 star.This Marriott manages volume.  1100 rooms are in the hotel, but the staff manages nicely, and the rooms are standard Marriott.  For rewards members, the club is excellent and the breakfast outstanding.  It's awesome every morning and the staff is helpful.  Negatives are the gym is horrible, with almost no equipment and too small a space to do more than treadmill.  Pools are nice and the location excellent.OK, this Marriott on Canal is centrally located. You can walk everywhere in the French Quarter in reasonably short time. The hotel bar & big screen appears to be really nice if your taken in the big game. Unfortunately my schedule didn't allow me to give a visit to this area. However the Saints were on the big screen as I was headed to the Quarter Sunday night  and it was rocking. 
The rooms are clean but in bad need of maintenance! Only one of the electrical receptacles worked properly. The AC/Filter was stuffed with dust in bad need of a filter change. The bathrooms are so small you can't hardly turn around. The ceilings are also very low. They are in need of an upgrade. 
Also the TV is a flat screen but very poor quality at night. In the day time when the room is full of sun it's fine. No safe in the rooms which I thought was really crazy. However there is a small refrigerator. The elevator system was the craziest thing I have ever seen but really efficient when you figure out what your doing. Never a long wait.
The staff was friendly and helpful. 
We stayed on the 36th floor with a wonderful view of the Mississippi and the river walk. 
Overall due to the fact I was comped by the Casio, it's hard to complain about the price. I would stay here again, just wouldn't be too excited and would not pay an exorbitant rate otherwise.New Cardiovascular Horizons Conference is great! The live cases are incredible. The Marriott was the perfect place to host the conference, all guests were very comfortable and clean. The Marriott is right near all of the action in the French Quarter.Good place.  Location is good because you are on a main road (Canal Street), but your are not right in the heart of the drunk madness.  Blocks from Bourbon street, so it's easy to walk, and close to some really good restaurants.
Because you are not right on Bourbon street, the prices are pretty good.  The rooms are clean and kept nice.  The service and staff all very nice.
I would recommend staying here.  It is in the French quarter!I bought a flight + hotel package through Expedia. This Marriott was priced well. When you arrive in the airport, if you have 2 people, take a taxi for $33. The airport shuttle will drop you at the Marriott doorstep for $20 per person. So, this is a good options for groups since taxi's start charging per person after 2 people. 
When we arrived to the hotel, the check in clerk advised us there were no more King's available. My fiance started to gripe about it since we booked a King and voila....a large King room was quickly produced. The hotel location is PERFECT. Close to all the action but far enough away so that you can sleep. The street car is right in front, French Quarter to the right, Bourbon street a couple blocks away. 
If you really want to save money, rent a bike from the concierge desk for the weekend. 
While we didn't go swimming, the pool looked really nice and the entire property was well maintained and updated. 
The only snafu was when the airport shuttle arrived, the bell staff failed to let us know, causing us to go running down the street chasing the van. Otherwise, the hotel was great!I was recently at the marriott for a conference.  I was staying at another hotel.   At the other hotel I fell and broke my ankle. From the time I got to the conference to when I left, the Marriott did so much to make sure I was comfortable. They let me borrow a wheel chair while I was in the hotel. Someone from the staff always seemed to be in the right place to open a door or send me down the wheel chair elevator.  The staff was a pleasure.   The conference center was very nice.  The coffee at the conference was good and plentiful. There was a Starbucks and a nicer Resturant at the hotel.  We ended up staying and doing more at the marriott than we had planned. They made an unpleasant situation as comfortable as possible for me.  Thanks marriot!Very nice Marriott and terrific location. When we first arrived, the line was lengthy for check-in, but they offered us champaigne while waiting in line. The lobby area had plenty of seating and had elegant decorations. 
The room was clean, which is the most important thing of all. Nothing spectacular about the room, but it was comfortable enough. Shower, toilet, and lighting worked just fine. The room was cleaned and bed was made every day, so no complaints there. 
Plenty of restaurants and bars within walking distance. Bourbon street is just a few blocks away. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting New Orleans.Beautiful, clean hotel! Very friendly staff everywhere! Small room though and we had an end/corner room even though the girl at the front desk said that was an extra large room. I can't imagine what a regular size room looks like. The bathroom is so small with a very low ceiling. The shower is awful. If you are above 5'3" the shower head will hit you in the chest. The ceiling was fall down in the bathroom too. We were never told about us not being able to use the pool because it was under renovation until December. Other than that, food was great and staff was very helpful and friendly! Loved the concierge guys and gift/food shop girls!Mold. 
I had a migrane headache and bloodshot eyes for the entirety of my 5 night stay at the Marriott. Whenever I went out to lunch or left for a couple of hours, the symptoms would disapate, but then return immediately after coming back in. I had to explain that I had mold sensitivites (and was not on heavy drugs) to every professional contact I made at the conference. On the last night, I ended up going to the hospital because I was pretty sure something was really wrong since my vision was blurring and the room was spinning. NOPE- just a really unhygenic hotel. Everyone I knew from the conference was having some sort of allergic or cold-related symptoms, except for the few people staying in the newer of the two towers. 
Please don't let anyone elderly or imuno-compromised stay here. I'm young and generally healthy... and survived (though, still not back to 100%). I really wish I would have jumped ship and stayed at at another hotel right away.