The atmosphere was very relaxing... we sat at the bar, waiting for the rest of our party to arrive and then we decided to dine at the bar... for cocktails, we had the Bow Wow Fruit Punch...our bartender was very knowledgeable and made our experience great. Make sure you get the charbroiled oysters...absolutely AMAZING. I had the Fried Catfish with stuffing, carrot soufflé and a side of hushpuppies...party of seven and we enjoyed it...definitely will be back whenever we come back to New Orleans.Excellent food!  Some of the best catfish I have had. Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Sides were great. The cornbread dressing was the best I have ever tasted. The carrot soufflé was good-tasted like sweet potatoes.  Hubby got raw oysters, and they were huge and delicious. Sister got fried chicken, sweet potato tots and mac-n- cheese.  Everything was so good! We will be back!Some of the best char-grilled oysters I've ever had! I'm not an oyster person but these are some delicious delights that you cannot pass up. I also ordered the grilled breast of chicken with a side of mixed vegetables and garlic potatoes. The chicken was so moist and flavorful; the potatoes and the veggies were a nice touch on the side. I was fortunate enough to come at 3:00pm and be seated immediately. (3pm-5pm is a busy time in New Orleans) The meal was absolutely divine and as usual, the staff is friendly and welcoming. Try not to come with more than 5 people; there is limited seating and the last thing you want to do is wait. Meal prices are reasonable but I'm sure there is a ticket limit per table. Bring cash and eat well!The food is really good and I haven't been disappointed yet! One of the best spots in the city hands down.This place was packed which I thought was a great sign of what we had in store. Our party of 6 sat on the patio which was just as the pack as the inside despite the heat. I ordered the Stuffed Shrimp and a side of carrot casserole. The waitress was overwhelmed and messed up my order and fail to supply the table with water. Once I receive my food it was lukewarm which distracted from the taste. The other members of my party stated they enjoyed their food therefore I will try this restaurant out again on a cooler and less crowded day.I was recommended Neyow's from a NOLA native, and it never disappoints. Start with the chargrilled oysters...get the dozen!  They're the best!  This last trip I also had the fried crab claws. They're fun to eat and have good flavor/texture. But if you're only getting one app...OYSTERS!  I'm also a a huge fan of the red beans and rice with fried chicken. I split with my boyfriend and we still didn't finish it all. 
If you're brave or looking for an adventure, get the BowWow. Pace yourself!  They give you half off the second one, but don't worry about it. If you make it through the first one, you won't need another.We love food. We were visiting from Seattle. This is the best food we had in New Orleans, hands down. Go. You're an idiot if you don't eat here at least once.  Truly.This place is sooo good. I order a cup gumbo , catfish platter with Mac and cheese, carrot soufflé there signature punch . Everything I ordered exceeded my expectations. I want to go again soooo good delish!!!I have to say that this quant little spot has so much life. I've enjoyed so many dishes there and everything is great! I should say that the first time I dined, it was lunch time and my order was severely screwed up. I must say after a long wait, I was truly satisfied with the red beans and fried chicken. They wouldn't allow me to pay due to the inconvenience of timing! I was impressed. The charbroiled oysters are to die for! I feel that they're the best in the city. The macaroni and cheese reminds me of my grandmothers. The deluxe fruit punch is so sweet it will give you a toothache, but it's good! LOL! I love this place and I look forward to going back. Sorry I don't have any pics, I ate the food before I thought of taking a pic.Stayed a block from this cute little corner restaurant on our trip to New Orleans recently.
Had already researched the area and knew this little place got some good scores here on Yelp, so we decided to check it out the first night we were in.
Was so glad we did!!
The restaurant is very cute and cozy. Small, but that adds to the atmosphere. Loved the funny pictures of the dogs on the walls - big or small dogs, they've pictured them all! and most in very funny poses! 
Had told my son about the mac and cheese that everyone raved about, so my 3 companions ordered up the Gumbo and a side of the mac and cheese. 
I got their special - the Red Beans and Rice with spicy sausage.
I really do not like mac and cheese - yes! I know EVERYONE does! - but theirs was the BEST! And I'd order it again. Was more like spaghetti noodles with cheese...but it was Amazing! Their gumbo was delicious and my red beans and rice was fantastic!
Had to try the bread pudding for desert - split one between the 4 of us and it was SOOO Good. Hot, Moist and melt in your mouth.
Was probably the cheapest place we ate at during our trip, and one of the best. The staff was attentive and friendly and we really enjoyed it. Can tell it's a local favorite...the people coming in all knew each other and were cracking jokes, having a great time. Love that type of relaxed atmosphere!
Will be back to eat next time we're in town!!OMG. The absolute new favorite and new standard for an amazing meal in New Orleans for an affordable price. The ambience is appealing and the food is off the chain. 
A word of advice, have the "Bow Wow" cocktail, but keep your Uber app handy. It packs a punch.This place is amazing!!!  We enjoyed everything we ordered.   Fried Chicken tastes like grandma's.  Gumbo was seasoned well and cooked to perfection.  We alps loved the charbroiled oysters.   But don't leave without a taste of bread pudding.   I don't typically do desserts,  but we thoroughly enjoyed the bread pudding.  Can't go wrong with catfish, red beans, or dressing.  I forgot to mention the Bow wow!!!   Strong strong strong and tastes drink.   You will not be disappointed at Meyows.  CUSTOMER SERVICE was awesome too!   We had a great experience here.  Can't wait to come back to New Orleans to eat here.First time NOLA and Neyow's was recommended by my bartender. What a great suggestion. The chargrilled oysters were everything, so good we had to get a second order. Also highly recommend the cornbread dressing and carrot soufflé. Fried shrimp were just ok in my opinion. Not bad but nothing to rave about. Fried oysters were also ok. The wings were really good. Fresh and hot (not spicy)! We had them without breading. There is both inside and outside seating. Nice bar area and loved the music. Busy on a Friday but not a long wait.I have been to New Orleans a half dozen times. Each time I've been hoping to find THAT PLACE. You know. The one with real, down-home, authentic creole food. I found it! Neyow's is the truth! Great food, service, drinks, music and overall ambience. The char oysters are amazing and I don't even like oysters! I was on a strict paleo diet but had to put it aside at Neyow's. It was worth it.I'm literally giving Neyow's 4 stars off the strength that their charbroiled grilled oysters are DAMN GOOD and the Bow Wow is THE BOW WOW!!!! (whew)
Other than that, I visited a few months ago and I ordered the seafood platter and red beans and rice; the fish, shrimp, etc was mediocre and I DID NOT like the red beans at all (first time that's happened in New Orleans). Oh shit but the dressing was good!
My sister ordered the mac and cheese and it was not good to her...Visited 10/25/16 for lunch
Eating our way through New Orleans. So many great restaurants, so little time.
Neyow's was recommended by Kevin (our concierge at our hotel) 
We weren't all that hungry so we had a half dozen grilled oysters, which were excellent. 
The wife had cup of gumbo which was good and a fried chicken thigh. 
I had some red beans and rice with a leg and thigh. Good... but nothing special. 
The chicken was fried a bit too long for my taste... but still tasty. I wonder if Nashville style 'hot chicken' is going to come down here to NO. Yes, they have Popeye's and Bojangles, but Nashville hot chicken is still a step or two above. 
No dessert here either... :(Why a party of two can't be seated until the 2nd person comes in the eatery? Parking is horrible! I can't be seated until my husband find parking. I have never heard of such stupidity. Party of two, not four.... already disgusted.. haven't eaten yet...empty tables
Food was good... fried chicken was fresh, crawfish balls were tasty, carrot soufflé was great, red beans had a good flavor, just a little watery, the praline pound was delicious(very small for 6 bucks)
Overall, I'd go back to try other menu items....We had Crawfish Balls, File' Gumbo as apps, Red beans with rice and grilled pork chops, and my bride of 50 years had Southern fried chicken with carrot souffle' (sweet and creamy like heaven), an order of hushpuppies and to top it all off, Praline Mini Pound Cake. Love that family making great family food in their kitchen. If in NOLA don't pass the place up!The food and the ambiance is amazing.  Authentic soul food and great wait staff. The soul music playing throughout also makes the dining experience even more authentic.Let me start by saying - their food is excellent. Everything you want in a Creole menu, fairly priced, and cooked to near perfection. The problem is actually trying to get your food. If you can get in the door, the service can be described as slow and inconsistent. And I wouldn't recommend trying to order to go. Three times I've tried to place a to go order and been told, "We're too busy making in-house orders to allow any to go orders." A restaurant that offers to go service that consistently shuts down to go service? These guys must hate making money.Food and service were excellent.  I had the stuffed shrimp, mac and cheese and carrot souffle....YUMLICIOUS! I tried my husband's cornbread dressing and was mad I didn't order that too! It's my new spot!I am so happy we found this place. We shared the seafood platter that had fried catfish, fried shrimp, fried oysters, and stuffed crab... IT WAS DELICIOUS. You also get two sides with it, so we had the red beans & rice and hush puppies. They were also yummy. They have drink called "Bow wow" & wow, it was awesome. You must try it if you drink. Service was great and our food came out quick. The only downside was finding parking. Terry was our waiter, I recommend him because he was great. Also, another guy named Dez made our experience even great by helping us get a table at such a busy time and made sure we were taken care of.Very good but the service is not at the level of the food quality. We arrived at 6:45 pm (Kids were excited to eat schrimps) and they told us to wait 30 minutes. 8:10 still no table available (kids start to think they can now eat the first coming chicken in the corner of the street). 8:30 still nothing , we decided to order to go! Surprise, chargrilled oyster cannot be ordered to go! Such a disappointment! First time in Louisiana, started with such a bad experience....Yesssssss......this place is DELICIOUS!!!! Worth the wait in gold. Wonderful dining experience and drinks!!!!Tried the chargrilled oysters for the first time, I'm so mad I only got the half order. They're soooooo delicious!!! A MUST TRY!!!This place was so "effin" awesome....the server Jerleen, the Bow Wow drinks...the fried catfish and pork chop, the chargrilled oysters
...I am stuffed!  The red beans and rice could
 have been seasoned a tad bit better but that wont stop me from returning.   The carrot souffle awesome!  Do yourself a favor and make your way to Neyow's.  Even the music was on point!My early dinner at Neyow's was easily my best meal here in New Orleans. We were fortunate to get in with no wait around 5:30 pm. I started with the chargrilled oysters which were really good and then had the red beans and rice with spicy sausage. Also the pinot noir was great. A great choice and I will definitely be back.Had lunch it was great food. No waiting and our order was delivered in a timely fashion. Our server Victoria W. made us feel right at home. The catfish & chicken were superb!Too expensive for such little food. Our waitress was terrible she didn't help that much because she knew she was already getting gratuity because it was five of us. She was gone half the time and impatient. And that stupid policy of not splitting the check.The bill came to be 100 and we ordered the 6 dollar Po boy. This restaurant's food was just ok and not worth the money. I've had better. This restaurant is all hype!Back in NOLA with my bf and wanted him to try Neyow's. We ordered charbroiled oysters, fried chicken, macaroni and cheese & hush puppies (his order), jazzy wings, side of Mac n cheese & 2 Big Bow Wow's. The food was amazing! It was his first time having charbroiled oysters and he loved them. We got a lot of food and had to get a to go box. It was extremely packed since it was Essence Weekend, but the service was still great.I decided to watch the last half of the Saints Wild Card Playoff game here and boy was that a great decision! Just as Lynch completed a 69 yard touchdown to drown any of my last hopes, a giant plate of fried chicken, french fries, and mac 'n cheese was making its way onto my table-- all for me! The best comfort food I could have asked for. 
The fried chicken entree is the only entree I ever get and it always tastes the same: delicious! And what about the mac 'n cheese, you ask? AMAZING!! With each bite I sing to my plate of spaghetti noodle mac 'n cheese, "You the best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had, best I ever had." 
If only I could sing the same about the service... It's always friendly service, just slow! Yep, the slowest I ever had. And every time. At first I thought it could just be the fried chicken that takes a while, but that is no excuse for taking forever to get a to-go box or our check. 
I'm also not really into the restaurant itself-- the decor and atmosphere are pretty blah. It's really just that damn fried chicken and mac 'n cheese that's got a hold on me! Plus, the drinks are strong. 
Well, we can't always depend on the Saints, but I can still always rely on getting some good fried chicken from this city--specially at Neyow's Creole Cafe!Redfish grilled with macaroni and hush puppies. 
Very delicious red fish was very over cooked but still delicious ! Mac n cheese is to die for as well as the hush puppies! 
Ambience was a little noisy, it was a little hard to hear our table conversation without almost screaming at each other but I'm not disappointed in the least. 
Would definitely return!This place was amazing!! A friend of mine who lives in NOLA recommended it for lunch and I'm so glad she did!  Parking is located across the street, which we didn't realize at first.  The place was packed (it's small inside), but my group was able to get a table fairly quickly.  The restaurant has a great vibe and features art and adornments unique to the city.  I had the fried catfish, carrot soufflé and macaroni and cheese.  The catfish fillets were huge...so much so that I was only able to eat one!  The coating was perfect, not to thick and not to thin.  I'm not even a huge fan of carrots...but I devoured the soufflé.  It was the perfect balance of sweet and savory.  The macaroni and cheese was different, but still good.  Instead of macaroni noodles they actually use thin, short spaghetti noodles.  All in all I would definitely come here again!  We ran into the owner after exiting the restaurant, and she said they were expanding...good thing because business seems to be booming for them.Good food, long wait but the $12 bow wow drink outside and great music makes the wait go by much faster. It's black owned too!I never give 1 star but this truly deserves it, at least this experience. I ordered the crawfish balls which were basically fried mush. The plate presentation was drab: shredded lettuce with sauce in a plastic soufflé cup. If the crawfish balls were good, the presentation would be unimportant. The dinner entrees were just as bad. My date had the Pasta on the Bayou. Was supposed to be a cream base with shrimp and crawfish. Few crawfish and very small shrimp. Pasta was over cooked and the sauce was mostly butter. Tasted like it was held on a buffet line and served lukewarm. I got the grilled catfish and stuffed crab. The stuffed crab would've been good if it weren't cold. The veggies were way over cooked. They were mush. The potatoes were lukewarm as well. The catfish was good! I did enjoy it very much. Service was less than mediocre. Had to get the server whenever we needed something. What really bothered me was that the server didn't question the fact that we hardly touched our entrees and did not want a box. The food basically tasted like it was made early that day and held in a steam well. We didn't take any displeasure out on the server, even though he should've been observant and ensured that his guests were happy.This has to be the best Cajun food I've had in NOLA! Our table got the chargrilled oysters, crawfish balls, seafood gumbo, and everything was fantasticThe food was edible but I would never come back here!  I enjoyed my drink which was very strong for $10. And the carrot soufflé was good. Didn't even taste like carrots. The green beams were canned.  Was just unsatisfied and highly disappointed. The food came fast and the staff were friendly...Attention foodies!!!!!!!!!!! My wife and kids discovered this place at around 845 on St. Patrick's day 3/17/2015. After driving around looking for a place worth spending money on as well as to give us the Cajun creole flavor we'd yet to enjoy for spring break. When I popped my head in the door...it appeared to be a place in Memphis I would not go into, with or without kids. But being a chef myself ...... it had that missing piece of our trip written all over it.. first thing I noticed about it was the energy and people eating the great smelling food..enjoying the sounds of Louis Armstrong flowing from the speakers. Then it happened .... what was this seemingly non-alcoholic concoction in everyone's cup.....FRUIT PUNCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LOL . We will get back to that ! , a gentleman I assumed at the time was the Mgr welcomed us in like a professional,  but more as a true friend......did I mention this place was packed......nobody gave us a stare ..smiles abound as though they'd been waiting for us...fantastic....! We got our table within a few min. Tucked in the back of what appeared to be a hallway of sorts...but it had windows looking out to the side street that we really enjoyed. Let's talk food ....no let's talk fruit punch........! I couldn't get it out of my mouth fast enough when our server asked me what I wanted to drink. ... all of us went for it......this was and probably will be the best damn fruit punch I will ever have. We ordered ribs, and shrimp po-boys......absolutely superb. .not that spicy wish you didn't eat it heat...just right. So after our meal we spoke with the owner for a bit .....and felt as though we just made a friend. So if your in the area...come on in and get out of the new Orleans heat and get a glass of America's best fruit punch and creole food there is to offer.I'm going to keep this review simple. I WILL BE BACK FOR MORE!!! Probably favorite place to eat at in NOLA nowStraight to the point...8:00ish pm arrival time (First Timer)
1.  Parking was slightly hectic. After driving around for about 5 minutes, we parked one block over. No biggie. They do offer valet parking for $5.
2.The place was PACKED when we got in. The wait wasn't bad...about 10-15 minutes.  There is an option for outside seating. Outside would be a great choice if you're not a fan of LOUD noise. The noise level inside was INSANE. We just about had to yell our orders at the waitress, which she yelled and repeated them back, understandably so on both sides. 
3. So, I saw a LOT of people that we leaving with these huge cups of "Red Drink"...so I asked the waitress "What is this in these cups everyone's carrying out and on ALL the tables?" It's either their homemade fruit punch or the Bow Wow Punch drink...which is 80% alcohol (white/dark rum) mixed with their homemade fruit punch; at the cost of $11, it's not a bad value as you may get a cocktail / drink at the bar for that or more.  Well worth the cost. It will get you warm and fuzzy inside.
4. After we placed our order, it took approximately 20-30 minutes to get our food.  Not to shabby given the crowd capacity. We ordered:
- Fried Catfish dinner with fries and hush puppies: 2 generous sized filets of farm raised catfish. The seasoning was PERFECT, it was cooked just right. The fries were...fries. A hush puppy fan, the hush puppies were similar to those in the freezer section of your local grocer, but not too bad though. 
-Shrimp Pasta with Crawfish was very flavorful & creamy.
- Fried shrimp with potato salad and carrot soufflé. Shrimp pretty much like the Catfish, seasoned perfectly. The carrot soufflé gave me LIFE!!!!  Literally tasted like sweet potato pie filling, in my opinion. By far the BEST carrot soufflé I've had.
- Fried crap claws...again, seasoning on point with a slight kick...good portion size of those also.
The waitress was pleasant and a delight to have. She was prompt, checked on us often. 
Overall, great time, great food...night went down without a hitch. Will return again! Minus one star for the noise level...I'm just not a fan for loud noise, but withstood it.The chargrilled oysters were amazing!!!  Ordered a second plate of them after sharing the first one with my friend.After hearing so much hoopla about this place and trying to get here for the last couple of years, we were disappointed. The only good part of the meal was the red beans and the crawfish balls. The fried chicken was okay, the fried pork chops were super thin and overcooked, green beans tasted as if they came out of a can and the cornbread was just  okay. Nothing about their food had a wow factor.
It's too bad that a restaurant that is supposed to be a NOLA favorite was nothing more than a flop. 
Cross this one off the list.  If you want fantastic food stick to Jaques Imu's, because this place is just average.The locals all recommended we come here, and we were not disappointed.  Everything tasted awesome, and weeks later I'm still craving their fried chicken.  It literally changed my life.  
Chargrilled oysters are a must-order, they were so flavorful and juicy!
Sweet potato tots, mac and cheese, fried oysters were very good as well.  My only hang-up was that the cornbread dressing was a little sweeter than I would have liked, but I still liked it.
Will definitely be coming back here the next time I visit NOLA!As usual, Louisiana food is great. I warn you though, beware of their house drink the Bow Wow. The drink is delicious but strong. It is like a better version of The HurricaneI've been here a number of times, and sometimes I have a great experience, and other times I wonder, why the hell do I keep coming back?  Let me start by saying that I love the food at Neyow's.  It's down-home soul food.  Everything that I and others have had here has been excellent: fried and grilled chicken, red beans and rice, macaroni and cheese, potato salad, garlic bread, collar greens...all good!  And the bread pudding is EXCELLENT...best I've ever had.  They put a cinnamon cream sauce atop that makes you want to lick the plate...not that I've ever done that. So, what's wrong you say?  The service at Neyow's ranges from so-so to horrible.  On a number of occasions, I've waited and waited and waited to even get so much as acknowledged, much less to get drink refills, or any other service.  Last time I was in there was the last straw, when a couple that came in after me sat down next to me and was immediately handed menus while my husband and I had been waiting for 15-20 minutes, and still had not been acknowledged by ANY of the wait staff, the manager included, that we had came in.  No menus, no drinks, no smile hello, NO THANK YOU!  We promptly left, and it will be a long time before we ever try to go back again.  Good food only gets you so far these days....This has to be the best location I've had in New Orleans to get chargrilled oysters. I've had others that were good but theirs is the best, imo! I came here a few months back and ordered chargrilled oysters and the stuffed crab meal with macaroni and mixed veggies, and a bow wow. The food was great, the bow wow helped put me to sleep! The only drawback is this is a small restaurant so there may be a wait, but I've e never waited longer than 20 minutes, so it's well worth it to me.When visiting Nola for the first time, this was the first place my friend who lives in the city, took me to eat. Small Black-owned business with great food. It was early so I didn't drink but the food was spectacular. We had crab claws, gumbo, hush puppies, stuffed green peppers, a shrimp po' boy, and the best chargrilled oysters in the city (in my opinion and I tried at least 3 different places.) The bread pudding was also DIVINE. I loved that their French bread was soft and buttered. Their sauce for the oysters and claws was finger-licking good. The vibe was light and chill and as we were leaving mid afternoon, there was as a wait. This is a "must-do" when visiting Nola!slightly above average price for this type of food (soul food/New Orleans style) and slightly under average for taste and portion (ok maybe about average...nothing special here)....compared to other places that are cheaper and better...even compared to take-out places on Broad St this is not as good and WAY more expensive.    Over $10 for red beans,,,,with that price better be in the GOOD category and it's not any better than Pop-eyes...SERIOUSLY.   So giving this a 2 star.Pretty awful.  Don't get the raw oysters; they are farm raised and have no flavor.  Fish is crazy overcooked; came out with the texture of chicken.  Sides are pretty terrible; overcooked macaroni that fell apart and cornbread crumble thing is pretty gross.  The carrot soufle was good.Mac and cheese tastes boxed
Green beans taste like it was from a can 
Shrimp, carrot souffle and fish is good
Pasta on the Bayou was good 
Kids meal is worth price 
Drinks are good 
Server was nice 
Parking is crazyLoveee this place. Will definitely come here again next time I visit New Orleans and it's affordable too!!The food is amazing! The waitress we had was very nice too.She even recommended some places to check out for drinks/dancing. And did I mention the food was amazing? Check out Neyow's Creole Cafe you won't regret it.Best creole/soul food in town! Every time I bring someone new to this spot,they fall in love. My mother, who is mostly picky, enjoyed everything. When she first tried the sautéed crab claws, her eyes got big, and she requested bread to eat all the juice lol! 
To me, their chargrilled oysters are better than Dragos! U like mine charred hard and they were perfect! 
Everything is so good!!! As a New Orleanian, we always say "my uncle/mom has the best gumbo" but i even eat the gumbo here! I'm telling you, you won't go wrong ordering here. The macaroni and cheese is the cheesiest ever, P.O. boys are bomb, drinks get you lit, and the desserts are bomb too! My only issue is the raisins in the bread pudding but I ate around that. The beignet sticks are so good with the dipping sauce! A spin from cafe du monde! 
I love the family feel here and It's my first stop when i get to town!Unfortunately as new places often due they start out good and get worse over time. It seems as if they have trouble hiring good wait staff because the service here has made a real turn for the worse. My usual waitress has not been there the last two times I stopped in for lunch which tells me that she is probably gone. Today we sit down and the young lady comes and asks for drinks that were never brought at the same time I put in my food order. Thirty minutes go by and she visits all the other tables but mine and we get completely ignored no drinks, no food. I would have walked out after 15 minutes had I not been distracted by the football game on the television. The food has gotten progressively worse also so I guess this is my last review for Neyows, it was fun while it lasted.First time here for lunch. First of all parking is slim to none. Inside was packed and it was a pretty day so we sat outside. Patio table that we were at was very shaky and needed to be tightened but we just let it be.  
Our waiter was new and it took for ever just to get drinks.  Placed our orders then it took another 30 mins for the food to come, the orders were wrong or missing things and 1 of our friends didn't get her food for 15 mins after us. I didn't get my correct side item until we were finished.  Getting our iced teas refilled rarely happened.  I can say other than my veggies being cold my pork chops and sweet tots were good.  It appeared the other tables were taken care of more frequently than ours.  Tried to get ice tea to go but the outside bar person said they didn't have enough cups.  I went back to my table and we noticed many stacks of cups behind the bar.  Felt out of place at this Creole restaurant.  Won't be back.Another recommendation checked off the South Shore wishlist.  I gave Neyow's five stars on atmosphere and location and 3 stars on food.
So, I'm about 75% raw vegetarian and spend my other 25% on NOLA foods that I can't seem to shake.  So I did the fish with potato salad and hubby got RBAR (red beans and rice).  He hates when I say RBAR, but hey it's my word now.
Anyway, decent food and flavor, but my white fish was horribly over cooked.  It was no longer a light, flaky texture, but I really had to dig in with my fork and knife!  The potato salad, pale in appearance, was okay.  Hubby liked the RBAR with sausage but ordered a second helping of rice.  
The flavor was better than many, but if you mess up RBAR in NOLA, then you really shouldn't even call yourself a cook.  
BTW, I had to try the chargrilled oysters, big on flavor, but apparently size does matter (hubby said he's had nose goo bigger than Neyow's oysters, he really did say another word, but I don't want to gross myself out).  
I'd go back for the lively vibes at Neyow's.  Plus the daily specials--challenge on.As a native of Louisiana, I was excited to try to this restaurant out.  First we waited 30 minutes just for water. Another 20 minutes for my drink (now their house drink was amazing...caution, you should only drink one).  We asked for garlic bread but it never arrived but we were billed for it.  The food was not season well either.  Recommendation:  pass!!!The food is so delicious. I had the combination platter with stuffed shrimp, stuffed crab, mac n cheese, and red beans & rice. Food is fresh and well seasoned! Would definitely visit here again!Me and some people from NADA conferences enjoy excellent food from neyow's smitty express servicesIt is a very rare occasion when I can go to a restaurant and enjoy EVERYTHING I ordered. Starting with the appetizers everything was so well seasoned and delicious. Familiar favorites were suddenly new again. The serving sizes were more than ample and the service was great. After the appetizers, my party was full and delightfully pleased before our entrees came to the table. It was an immediate takeout dinner but who could stand to not indulge further. We were visiting from Florida and if it wasn't for a local in the French Quarter to recommend a place off the beaten path we would have missed this gem that should be listed with the top restaurants in the city - the line outside speaks for itself so come prepared to wait but its worth it!The food was very delicious! My fiancé ordered the 8oz sirloin with fries and cornbread dressing and was not disappointed one bit! I ordered the fried chicken along with parsley potatoes(mashed potatoes) and cornbread dressing! One word: AMAZING! We are from College Station, TX and we were extremely happy with this restaurant! We are definitely coming back here again. We also ordered the homemade bread pudding to go and I give it two thumbs up! If you have the chance, go there!After receiving  several recommendations to try this restaurant we gave it a try. We were very disappointed.  The food was not good at all. I had the stuffed shrimp and crab. The stuffing was not what I expected. Needless to say I left my food untouched. I gave the restaurant two stars because the gumbo was delicious, other than that I would say don't waste your time.Okay! I went here for the first time on a Friday around 1:00pm. Wait time wasnt bad for a party of 5. We were told about 15 minutes but it actually took about 5 minutes. I had the fried fish, cornbread dressing, and mac and cheese. The fish was fried nice and crispy and were 2 large pieces. The cornbread dressing was a bit mushy but well seasoned. It could have had a little more sugar. The mac and cheese was very cheesy. Its the old fashioned spaghetti noodles. I also had the famous Bow Wow punch. The waitress warned me before that it was very very sweet. I assured her that I like very sweet. The drink was $5.50 and came in a large cup, however, I was disappointed. I didnt taste sweetness at all, the drink was more lemon lime tasting that sweet. All in all I may return in the future. It appears that they are working on a new building next door.Waited for an hour with no problem to be seated for 3 people.after an 1hr and 15
 minutes ask the host how long now,she said 1 table in front u,no problem, the problem came when a table of 3 came 30 to 40 minutes after us and was seated before  us,and we asked how and the manager told us "oh their family" What!so u mean to tell me in the middle of y'all dinner rush family vets seated before customers that's been waiting over an hour!!!we walked straight out!will not be back poor customer service..The char grilled oysters are amazing ! Worth the trip for them alone  with a Bow Wow! Great service.I am very pleased with the food, drinks and service. The atmosphere was nice as well. I will make this my favorite spot in NOLA!The grilled oysters were so delicious I will return next time to this cafe. A nice local person recommended this cafe to us. We took her word and I thank her for the fantastic choice. My fried fish combination was very good that night, and also the following day when i finished the rest of my meal. I recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting New Orleans.Yeah oh yeah! This is the real deal! I received so many recommendations to visit this place. We had to wait approximately 30 minutes but there is a bar area and benches outside. The waiting time went by fast because good music was being piped outside. I ordered the gumbo, fried catfish, mac and cheese and green beans. Be mindful that the portions are large and you will continue to stuff yourself because you cant quit eating. Everything was seasoned just how I like it. However, I was not a fan of the loose mac and cheese which is why they did not receive 5 stars. My preference is to have it baked and not prepared on the top of the stove. Oh! I forgot to tell you about the strawberry lemonade. The drink is prepared with the right amount of each ingredient and it is soooo addicting. I had to cut myself off and start drinking water. When you visit just be prepared to leave your worries at home and enjoy immersing yourself into some good ole' food.This place was recommended to me by my Uber driver. I Love the atmosphere. The music and vibe is very chill. The service was perfect, our food came quickly, there wasn't a wait to eat. The food was amazing, seasoned to perfection. Out of all the places I've eaten in New Orleans this was my favorite by far. Highly recommend!Came here and got EXACTLY what we wanted. The red beans are amazing and the OYSTERS ARE SUPERB!!! Ask for Mr. Jerry you'll love his hospitality. True spirit of New Orleans. Thank ya'll!Got recommended to go here from our nice Uber driver while in New Orleans for the essence festival 2017
The place was packed but they had a good system with handing out beepers as well as we found out that there were no reservations needed if we found a seat at the bar
So within a half hour we found seats at the bar and proceeded to have a delicious meal and drinks at Neyows
I also enjoyed the musician who was a violinist that they had at the restaurant playing all the classics R & B for a Saturday evening At the end of our meal as we were heading out we were fortunate to meet the owner and told him how delightful our bartender was and really everyone at the restaurant 
He thanked us and spoke to us for a few minutes until our ride came
If you want a great atmosphere with great music and lively people
Stop by NeyowsWow! If you ever wasn't some good 'ol Cajun food, this is the place! We started off with the sautéed crab claws. Sooooo delicious!! I wanted more lol. For my entree, I ordered the fried pork chop with the red beans & rice. The chop was very flavorful, I would order it again. My boyfriend ordered the ribeye steak and he really enjoyed it. Said it was seasoned well. We also had to try the famous Bow Wow drinks. They were pretty good and potent.This place was recommended by plenty of people. (Stress the plenty) I was originally quoted an hour wait time, but that was not the case. The outside bartender was slightly rude but the inside is quite the opposite. My food was so rich in flavor. I started with a the char grilled oysters, worked my way to the shrimp Neyow style, and finished strong with the homemade bread-pudding. The real R&B playing in the background gave the place a nice vibe. Warning the bow wow punch isn't for the weak.Absolutely amazing. Had the seafood platter with Mac & cheese + green beans, charbroiled oysters,and a "bow wow" rum punch... Well seasoned, great catfish, and oysters are NEXT Level! Enjoy!!!!Loved it here I'm from Orlando and came here for a graduation dinner everything was very tasty. Redbeans was delicious but it was hard to eat on a plate should be served in a cup for a better experience. Service was good just took very long to get our order in. We are on the patio which had large fans and was very nice. Order a side of hush puppies and cornbread dressin you won't regret it!Amazing. Absolutely amazing food. This place offers real-deal New Orleans-style cooking and the food couldn't be better. Between my husband and I, we had an oyster poboy, fried chicken, side of hush puppies and dressing. The atmosphere is laid-back with really colorful artwork on the walls, and our server was attentive but not annoying or pushy. We'll definitely go back - and soon!Very cozy neighborhood Creole restaurant. Smothered Chicken, Creamed Spinach, Rice & Gravy, $7.75! Very tasty.
Server, Katee, cute as a button and very sweet. We have a special needs family member, and they were very accommodating. We will bel back.A true Creole landmark. Be sure to try the shrimp creole.I didn't have the chargrilled oysters but our food was just not great. Liquidy red beans and shrimp creole. The service wasn't great. And whoever picked those massive chairs for that small space has no special reasoning.Pleasant lunch break ~ Babygirl's recommendation & TREAT.  I so love her!!! Seriously this is a new favorite in NOLA. Great service, amazing dishes.  Sautéed crab claws and chargrilled oysters to start.Another place with great potential that's just not quite there yet. Slow, untrained wait staff unable to handle the pace of a Friday night; well seasoned food that was badly plated with super mediocre sides. Warm beer in warm glasses. Long story short---  3 stars for promising food. Not much else was worth a second visit.