I've frequented this place with a friend several times but no matter how many times I come here, I always forget to bring cash. It is an extra mile to venture outside of this area to a bank to get some cash and come all of the way back. It's an established place where New Orleanians come for wings, Cajun fries, and the famous ghetto punch! It's the most delicious punch I've ever had: not too sweet, not bitter, and a natural blend of flavors for the perfect punch.
After getting your cash, you would need to park under the bridge and walk across the street. Be careful and pay attention to the light. Keep your car locked and keep an eye out. At this locations there is no place to sit and eat, and it's not really comfortable to order and wait. You're standing the entire time, outside a pickup window; you can imagine how packed it may get if it rains or gets really cold outside. 
Personally, l think the wings are rather dry: they could use some juice or some oil to keep them juicy. The fries I love, but not more than I love the punch! Get a large if you can; you won't regret it. It's a little bit of a hassle, this place; Yet and still, the food is enough for customers to keep coming back.Always hot & i'm always left satisfied. The hot wings are addictive! The ghetto punch is amazing!This little Shack next to the I-10 is super OG my girl, and I after a long hard night of rocking out in the quarter decide to see the true blue New Orleans where the locals go. go where you know!Hands down the best wings I've ever eaten.  I am a regular, I had to get over the sketchy neighborhood but it's worth it.  
I love my wings Hot, with extra hot sauce, Cajun ranch fries, Ghetto Punch (drink after the ice melts) or Pineapple Lemonade.  I also like the fried okra, but i never have enough room to eat them all.  
Wing Shack is Hood, but Good! My family requests it every time they are in town from Cali.They have EVERYTHING you're looking for.  Fried okra. Wings of every kind.  Cajun fries....just anything and everything.  Whatever you get you'll have to get the Ghetto Punch.  It's great! Love this place!!This place is a hidden secret.  The wings in my opinion are better than wing stop and they have more flavors.  The lemon pepper is flavorful and the 5 pepper is very good if you like the pepper taste.  I lot of yelper may comment that the the shack is not in the best of areas but what great restaurant is???  Dookie Chase and Willie Maes are only about 6 blocks from here.  I do recommend being safe in any area you go to in New Orleans after dark but as long as you are careful you should be okay.  Oh and before I forget the Ghetto Punch is a must.  I know the secret to it because my grandmother used to make it all the time but Im not telling. EnjoyOne of Treme's finest wing spots. We ordered 10 lemon pepper wings and house ranch fries. Hmm goody goeeey goodness, its delicious. Yes, the location may not be the finest in comparison to some fancy smancy place on Magazine, but good food is good food and this place does that well.This place isn't in a great neighborhood....let's get that out of the way first. It's right under I-10, steps from the whole tent city thing going on under the interstate. 
But seriously....THE BEST CHICKEN WINGS I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. It's worth the risk. I'm totally serious.
It's a little tiny place. No tables. Just a walk-up window (inside the front door). Park directly in front, on the sidewalk even. The window is bullet-proof plexiglass, and they have a revolving door on the counter to take your money, and give you your food.
They have like 20 flavors of wings and the Ghetto Punch is excellent to wash down the addictive chicken goodness.
I'll be back!!!Very good wings..Can't take that away from them..but the location is horrible.. And the attitude of the employees is disposable. They need to work on their people skills (especially for out of towners).I thought the wings were pretty solid overall but if these are truly 'the best' wings in NOLA as people on Yelp say then I'm a little disappointed. The Arizona sauce was supposed to be their hottest sauce which imo was medium heat at the most (by normal wing standards). They were cooked pretty well and were crispy just how I like them. Service is slow, it took me nearly 20-25min from when I ordered until I received my wings and there is no place to sit as it's just a small take out shack on the side of the road so 25min feels like an hour. 
I would definitely come back for wings in the future but not until I've tried other places to see if there are better wings out there. Again, to say these are 'the best wings ever' just tells me many people have been too unfortunate to try really good wings.Great wings, very comparable to Wing Stop.
2) Do realize there is NO seating. It's only pick up.
3) Cajun fires are...fries sprinkled with Slap Ya Mama or whatever. Pretty weak. Popeyes and Rally's serves a way better version.
4) They are not the most efficient, but its all good. They are ghetto. 
5) And they also serve ghetto punch. Go figure.I believe this is the original Wing Snack, as I've known about this particular location for nearly all my life. I'm also aware that the other locations follow the trademark name with "Express" at the end. It's original for a reason--I've never went wrong here. Ranch fries are basic ingredients, but they have the best. Now, on to their chicken: nearly any flavor will leave you happy unless you're not a fan of spiciness (then you want to steer clear of some of them). I'm biased to lemon pepper; they are absolutely the best. My top 3 flavors are lemon pepper, sweet heat (partly spicy), and honey mustard. These flavors BURST with...well, flavor! Loveeeee their fried okra, too. Give this place a try. And if you like sweet drinks ---) GHETTO PUNCH. It's famous in New Orleans.Talk about delicious. Wing Snack is located in the treme, not to far from the French quarter. It is pretty small, and its easy to pass up if you're driving. The parking is also difficult, because you have to park either on the street or under the overpass across the street. Don't let this detour you though! I sure didn't let it stop me. I smelled the chicken as we were walking across the street. I didn't eat anything all afternoon so that my appetite could be ready for all deliciousness. 
On our visit we ordered lemon pepper wings, and the house ranch fries. I also ordered the punch they made daily. The "ghetto punch" or "kool aid" as some would say. When I tell yall those wings were the best I ever had I'm not lying. They put wingstop, buffalo wild wingz, brewingz, hooters and wings to go to shame! They were crunchy with just the right amount of seasoning. The ranch fries were also seasoned well and tasty! Every time I visit new Orleans I will frequent this business! I wish there was one in Houston!Well it's been ten years since I had wing shack and I'm always in the city now getting different things for my restaurant in College Park,Georgia well I thought I would be able to get the same good ole time honey mustard wings with a Ghetto Punch , plus I bragged on it to my dude tht we had to stop Because there were no line . Well point is the wings were HUGE they were soft not crispy,notice when I got in the car I paid $10 for only wings then to find out my Ghetto Punch wasn't right I could have fell out!! I'm like who eat  super duper Wings and who the hell they let make thier Ghetto Punch and Honey Mustard Sauce ! Well I guess that's why people have the saying( THAT WAS THE GOOD OLE DAYS)they have lost a lifetime customer I take pride in everything I do at my restaurant you never no who you cooking forNola Poboys/LEbon temps,college park ,GeorgiaThey have "Ghetto Punch" (AKA Red Drank) what more can you ask?  17 flavors of wings, crab cakes, chicken tenders, fish strips and crawfish balls.  Where else in the world but New Orleans would you find such a place?  Let me tell ya:  NOWHERE!  Go Ghetto and go to Wing Snack Express!  Take out ONLY!As far as cheap fried food goes, this place is boss. I got chicken tenders with honey mustard and cajun ranch fries, a small ghetto punch... Normally I would not come to this part of town so late, but it's always surrounded with people and everyone is happy to be there. 
My friend got fried crab balls, which were also awesome.. Haven't tried the wings, I'll have to do that tonight..Love this place! Wished it took debit cards but I don't mind getting cash out to eat hereAlright... I was told that this place has the BEST chicken in New Orleans. I go to Claiborne and it has moved... to Desire St in the ninth ward. I was not deterred. I drove down to a neighborhood that looked extremely shady. It was just turning dark when I found the place. I was a little hesitant to get out of the car, but I thought "what the hell." I go in and it looks recently done in a 60/70's ethnic kitsch. I ordered the lemon pepper, the parme San and the hot BBQ with some ghetto punch on the side. It took about 30 minutes to get my order. I left with my chicken wings to eat them in peace at home. 
These wings are AMAZING!!!!! Worth every bit of danger encountered in order to taste these wings... the best I have EVER had!!!!This is hands down my favorite wing place! They actually flavor the chicken and don't just rely on the sauces.One of the best wings I've ever had. Top 3 for sure. The sauce is amazing and the wings are fried perfect, just right. They come with fries if you want, get the Cajun style if you want to keep with the New Orleans flavor. Oh yes please do get the ghetto punch, it's kool aid ish? I loved it.
So for the other part of the experience. You walk up here and it's like a prison cashier. Glass, rotating exchange point, not the friendliest of service, very secured building, no seating, just take out, people walking by constantly, and a decent wait. So plan accordingly if you don't feel comfortable here in these conditions. 
I'd suggest getting a few flavors when you order with fries, and the punch then go on your merry way.Went there Saturday! I try to go every time I'm in New Orleans! Their lemon pepper wings are the greatest! Where else can you get a 20 piece for only $13!!  I'm addicted! Everyone is right about the location... its in the HOOD HOOD lol but the wings are so worth it. I hear so much about the Ghetto Punch but I've never had it but on my next trip to N.O. I will get some!Some of the best (if not the best) wings I've ever had. I just feel a little uncomfortable in the area even though I am from the area. That's why I'm glad my sister lives on the West Bank so I could play it as safe as possible and go to the one on Holiday/Berhman. And the pinapple lemonade tastes beautiful.Got the Arizona wings fried hard because I like them crispy. Nice and spicy. Along with the Cajun ranch fries. 
Be ready with your order and your money. They aren't rude by any means but they got a business to run and they want to run it fast and efficiently with a small staff. So don't be a jerk and hold everyone up! The wait is a little long once you place your order but totally worth it.
The wings are pretty crispy and sauced just right. Will definitely go back and try this punch everyone raves about!NEW LOCATION COMING SOON
So I was first introduced to this place my senior year of high school when I came to visit schools. Fast forward to now & as a current resident, I've come back numerous times. Wing Snack has some of the best wings in the city! & of course, who can forget the Ghetto Punch. 
Sadly, the original location is closing. :( But there is already a location on the Westbank & signs inside the shack today say there is a new location at 2540 Desire St. 
The new location includes new menu additions, which is a plus. But unfortunately the prices have gone up (which is why I gave it 4 stars). Check out the pics for the new menu/prices.Nice little place, not from around here, don't worry the locals are friendly, and great people and the wings, amazingGood Golly Ms Molly, these wings were the bomb! We needed a late night snack, and we could smell them from the street. We were drawn to it like moths to a flame. I knew immediately they'd be delicious because plenty of locals were rolling up and waiting on their take-out orders. 
The wings were perfectly fried. Just crispy enough without drying out the meat. The garlic pepper was coated in delicious flavor. The fries are also out of sight. 
Plus, they gave us free punch (it's really just Koolaid, but it's great with the spicy wings).Love  the new  location on the Westbank!! Location is good, interior is nice and clean, and you can dine in. They are open late too . Food came out fast and the wings were great . The new house ranch fries are the bomb! Hate to admit I went two days in a row!!!OVERATED!
After all the reviews I had to check this place out, such a let down I must say. I orderd a 10 piece wings, fries and a Ghetto punch I paid for my food and waited for 45 min with two people in front of me. In the process of my wait the staff decided to take a 15 min break without telling anyone so they took customers money and did not let us know they were taking a break which is a major red flag to me. A lady asked for the owners number because the staff was so rude and the lady told her the owner dont want to talk to you WOW. After waiting and telling several people they were on break while waiting for my food.  The order was done and they yell out of a glass window, think about it the resturant is next to the FREEWAY no one can hear you what about a SPEAKER PHONE atleast.  The wings was dry no sauce and the fries were undercooked, the best thing was the Ghetto Punch. So if your in the mood for a good drink then stop other then that you could go to Fridays or Buffalo Wild Wings and get better wings. 
My Boyfreind said it wasn't that good he is local, I thought maybe he just was saying that because hes from hear but I had to find out the HARD WAY!!!Awesome dry wings...some good wet flavors as well like the honey mustard.   The ranch fries are a must.  Bring cash. To-go-onlyThe wings and ghetto punch were so good.  It was worth the risk of almost getting shot.The wings here, I remember from over 10 years ago as a Roneagle... Then as now, I love supporting black owned, small businesses. The rating is a debatable 4. Here's why, we ordered 30 wings... Lemon pepper, roasted garlic, and shack with a large Cajun ranch fries (didn't flench at the $7 price tag)... The spices were delicious and chicken still piping when we picked them up (had to ride upt for a quick errand), the garlic spice didn't stick to the wings very well. That's literally our only complaint. The wings and fries combo was so pungent, wafted in the air so large in the car that we wanted to pull over ANYWHERE and tear down!!!!!! This was my first time in almost a decade eating the SHACK and his first time ever (not from NOLA)... And it for sure will not be the last. Next time we gotta get the okra and ghetto punch.Very mediocre. Was it an off night? Had BBQ wings and fries. Numerous people have told me these are the best wings they've ever had; methinks they're just hypnotized by the novelty of the place. The ghetto punch is yummy, but it's just kool aid, ya'll! And it's Wing Snack--on the sign, on the menus, and on the receipt. I don't understand the controversy.(This review is based on location only....)
I've been wanting to try this place. Finally got to drive out there last night. Believe me.. when I say, man this is in the HOOD...
And.... literally this place is a freaking SHACK!
Omg, it was even raining last night and when I drove up.. the line was wrapped outside around the door! They are even open late as fuck. 
Cuz it was cold, late at night, and raining.. I decided to drive back another time... But I'm for sure gonna come back....minus the rain and plus my beretta.Love the wings here but as they said the neighbor hood is not the best just remember dont let the sun go down on you in the hoodit's wing SNACK.  read the sign, hipsters.
and the neighborhood is fine, good grief- where are you people from?  anyway, the wings are pretty solid, with a myriad of varieties, and ordering/delivery is a straight forward, well oiled machine.   go in the door, order, pay, go wait outside.  and to top it all off, you're right on claiborne to jet off to wherever you need to be.  check it out.  
oh, tasty wing snack
love to eat your tasty treats
so many choices!I used to frequent this place previously about 8 years ago and recently went there again. The wings seem very dry and excessively salty. Moreover, they have increased the prices significantly. The wings are good but I would not go out of my way to get them anymore especially given the prices they are charging.My go-to Hangover cure. 
Don't expect 5-star service, WingSnack has no seating and serves you from behind some plexiglass. The wings are great, though. They're bone-in only, but they don't use shitty wings that are 50% tendon, these are nice, soft, white wings. The caveat is that their wings aren't that spicy.  I really like their new Sweet Heat sauce. Arizona is their spiciest, but even that isn't as spicy as it should be.
What's really special is their ghetto punch. You can almost feel the Kool-Aid crystals as you slurp it down. It's like Hawaiian Punch, but soo much better. Just the ticket when you're so hungover you can barely move. Even though it's over a mile away, I'm sometimes tempted to walk all the way over there, just for some of that ghetto punch.Great wings considering the danger of getting shot.OMFG!!! Yes it is the most sketchy venue I have ever visited...yes there are even sketchier people that frequent this spot at night...yes there is bullet proof glass...and yes there is a RIP tribute to the homie news clipping posted in the very front. All things that should make you quickly turn away...but their wings...their wings...and their fries with confetti ranch...OMFG!!! Again. Love the wings, fries w/ ranch! Just wish it wasn't so sketchy, but they deserve 6 stars for that tasty greasy goodness. IJSLove chicken wings and one that's close to my house. My friend and I have been craving them ever since we found out about them. 
It's right under the interstate so it's not in the prettiest of neighborhoods. But I've never had a problem with the food or the people waiting for their food around there. 
Love their honey mustard and BBQ sauce. I usually get that with their Arizona and always ask them for more sauce so I can dip my fries in there. They just recently got a sweet heat flavor that has officially replaced their honey mustard as my favorite flavor. Has enough heat to leave your lips burning. Love it!
Wish they had more wet flavors since their dry is too dry with the way the wings are fried. And I love the crunchiness of the wings; they do an amazing job of keeping the fried texture despite the wings sitting in the sauce. 
I wish I could finally try that elusive pineapple. I don't think it exists!! Every time I'm there, they're always out. Lunch, dinner, the time doesn't seem to matter. When do they actually have it?! 
Love their cajun ranch fries. And can't go wrong with their ghetto punch. Recently had their pineapple lemonade. It tasted like fresh squeeze lemonade with pineapple juice. I would definitely get that again. So yummy!
Great long hours so you never have to worry about whether or not they're open. They are. So get over there and try the best wings in the city.I just called to place a order for pick up, Im not sure of the woman name but she was rude from start I let it go due to hunger pain. I asked for a 10 piece two flavors but you're not able to get two flavors with a 10pc even if you pay extra. So I asked for Arizona which is described as a "mild heat"  underneath the picture on yelp. Before completing my order I asked about he arizona and found out its the hottest flavor so i change my mind and went to asked the rude woman about the house flavor. I didnt say the flavor correct so she told me there was no flavor with that name instead of asking me if i meant to say "new house " flavor. In the middle of checking the flavors again on yelp she asked if i could call back when i have my order together cause she has customers whose trying to order. I told her im ready to order but i also have questions and that they'll never be answered if i dont call and ask. I told her I have changed my mind about eating there since her customer service was so horrible.Just as I remembered! Fried to perfection. I think they read my mind...they knew the exact crisp in which wings are suppose to be. They weren't the fastest, but they are made to order. They don't have that soggy oven (not broiler) baked texture...they were just really really good. 
We ordered the garlic pepper and new house. If you go here you can eat anything on the menu. Add in some new house fries or the ranch fries. Have some honey mustard wing. Shoot, order the 75 piece abs eat for a week. You won't regret it. I haven't steered you wrong! This is another kept secret in New Orleans. It's under the highway on Orleans. 
Okay. So don't be nervous. When you go there, you may wonder if you're safe. YES! You are safe. If it's crowded, it's because the food is great and everyone also wants wings. This is where the locals go. This is not a national chain. This is mama and 'em cooking it up for you to enjoy. Don't go to mamas house and act like you're not hungry. Set aside some stomach space for these weeks.If you like spicy, I highly recommend the Arizona.  When the severe mouth burn starts to happen, quickly switch to the pineapple.  Alternate and repeat.  You won't be disappointed!
The price is right: It's about $7 for 10 wings.Simply the best wings in town bar none. The flavor is unbeatable. I had some of the Arizona wings with my friend today and they were excellent. The only draw back to this place is the location and having to wait out on the street for them in the hood, but the wings in the box is well worth it. Don't forget the ghetto punch aka kool-aid to wash them down with. If you order the Arizona your going to need it.If you having wing problems, I feel bad for you son.  They got 99 flavors and fries by the drum.
Protip: most of the wings are dry.  The Arizona are saucy and can pack a kick!  You'll definitely want a side of new house ranch fries and a LARGE ghetto punch.
Super pro tip: leave your purses and murses in the car.Finally got to taste their wings! And they are GOOOD!! This is my new go to wingstop! They serve dry wings and sprinkle coat with seasoning! The ranch house fries are also good. Anyone who loves dry wings, this is it! Garlic Parmesean and Lemon Pepper! Mmmmm.
The location is sketchy, but I didn't care. Everyone was nice! The people are pleasant. And the wings are sooo good and fresh. A must try. They open late as hell alsoMe & hubby go to Nawlins every other year and each time we both make a list of food places to try. A lot of the places we've tried before were meh but we hit the tastebud jackpot the at Wing Shack. He never likes lemon pepper wings while that's my usual pick. He got the hot wings like usual which were good too but I had to start popping his hand because he keep trying to take my lemon pepper wings. Fire! The Cajun ranch fries and the ghetto punch were everything everybody says they are. 
Now the location definitely looked shady. We had to circle the block because we didn't see where to park the first time and almost decided to not stop but glad we did. Once we got out the car the vibe didn't feel scary at all. Maybe that was out of towner naiveté but glad to have found this spot.Still a 3.5 but sliding towards a 4. The hot wings were really old, the lemon pepper wings are really popular. Ut they were just ok to me. They seem to cook them to order and everything is heat hot.
I liked the Cajun ranch fries .. They were. Slightly different taste. 
Parking can be a problem but they are pretty good.After walking nearly two miles for theses rumored "fabulous" wings. I found myself standing under I-10, in one if the worst looking neighborhoods in New Orleans. ( that I have been in so far) I noticed the sign taped to the outside trash can saying that the location had moved to nearly 3.5 miles away! Very disappointed that yelp wasn't updated!! So off the next wing house! Word of the wise... Call before walking!!!I won't lie...I was a bit nervous about going to this place for the longest time as it is right around the corner from the housing projects.
but honestly, WHAT dining establishment isn't a hop, skip and a jump around the corner from a seedy neighborhood in New Orleans?
Anywho, go here for the best fried chicken drummettes in the city! 
It's affordable. There's a large selection of flavored drummettes AND you can also get a Ghetto Punch to go. (Yes, the drink is called a ghetto punch and it's a perfect combination between kool-aid and a snowball. Yuuum!)
I just visited this place last Sunday and it was the perfect ending to a wonderful trip home.Some time ago, while sitting under the flat iron of my New Orleans beautician, I was put on to the magic of the Wing Shack. "Bayyybee, you ain't never had the ghetto punch before?" She drawled in the thickest Uptown accent. I barely shook my head so as not to get burned. She gave me the directions and sent me on my way.
So began the journey of two Atlanta girls (and XU students), headed "cross the canal" in search of Ghetto Punch and New House Ranch Fries. (I know you didn't think I was going by myself?)
As others said, be sure to leave the darling designer bags and other targeted trinkets at home. Wing Shack is under the bridge and near Le Projects (not sure if they've closed down yet), so yes the area looks sketch at best. 
Although its suposed to be all about the wings, my absolute favorite are the New House Ranch Fries. The are packed full of all these seasonings and drizzled in ranch.At first this place kinda looks like it says "Wing Snack" This is what I always do when I get into a strange city, I walk the streets and ask all the locals what's the spot to go to. What I hear? 2 places Gene's Poboys in the 7th ward and this place the wing shack "Don't foget the ghetto punch!" Hands down the best wings I've ever had I always go to Wingstop and the like but this place puts them to shame, so much flavor, so many flavors everything is just so tasty it's a small place no tables you're going to be standing up eating but god damn these were so good. Great local vibe, SHARE THE WORD this place is a best kept secret. Be careful this place is pretty hood.The Cajun Ranch Fries are amazing! Wings are pretty good, and the pineapple lemonade was also great. Didn't give 5 stars because it's 2.50 for refills, but I'll definitely return!Great wings but they moved to Desire Street . I went there. It is deep in a bad residential area. It was closed. I saw two new food trucks. Would not recommend going to the new place because of crime.DO NOT TOUCH THIS CUP! exclaims the 32oz styrofoam "tip jar" behind the plexi;
SAUCES COST EXTRA, $0.50 each, so all-in the wings here are a so-so deal at $1 per. Also, expect a 3-4 minute wait per order ahead of you, if it's faster it's lagniappe.
I PREFER "VIEUX CARRÉ PIZZA'S WINGS" as they are the best "dry" to me.  Simply salt & peppered, sans breading, slowly fire-broiled in a pizza conveyor oven: crispy skin outside, buttery moist inside. AND they don't charge extra for sauces AND it's a less sketchy area (3PM-3AM daily, 733 Toulouse).maybe a 3.5 .. i had seen it before on an earlier visit but if you miss it, with  all the one way streets its hard to get back to. it is great for a late night spot and it is an adventure to go there. It is as safe as anywhere else BUT interesting................... the dry wings are better than average and the seasoned fries are refreshingly different!
The ghetto punch is SWWEEEETT!!!!! LOL
It is worth a late night visit or to get wings to watch a game with ..............wings are good, but the ghetto punch is nasty ass hell! i hate kool-aid and why does it have to be sooooooooooooooo sweet!! eewwwwwwwwwwww!!!
beware: if you are not used to drinking super sweet kool-aid don't get the ghetto punch!!!Ordered Cajun fries got high blood pressure fries..
The chicken was okay however I ain't wanna eat the fries scared of a severe nosebleed look at all the seasoning on them damn fries they look like crawfish almost smh ima stick wit the Metairie/Kenner location