Stumbled upon this wonderful place after hearing some music on Frenchmen Street and needing some dinner. The menu options were original and inspired. Everything we ordered was tasty, fresh and delicious!! Service was wonderful, even the chef came out personally to check on us. I only wish the weather had been warmer so we could have enjoyed the beautiful outdoor dining and bar. Will have to save that for next time!This it the first time I have ever walked out of a restaurant. We we seated by the host and waited for 15 minutes before we even got water. Placed an order for chips and salsa and waited another 15 to 20 before that even came. It was another 15 minutes before she came back to check on us. I could understand if the place was super busy, but the waitstaff wasn't even hustling! We got the check and wished the waitress luck. We were her second table to walk out!Worst Mexican food I've had in years, and some of the worst food I've had in Nola. They charge for chips and salsa. The salsa was ice cold.  Guacamole was also ice cold. Like both had been in the refrigerator for a long, long time. The chips tasted like they were from a supermarket. The fish in the fish tacos tasted like it was from frozen fish sticks. The shrimp also tasted frozen and thawed. The dish that was advertised as gluten free came out on wheat tortillas. (Good thing we didn't have a gluten allergy). Nasty. Inedible. The service was also pretty poor.To start with a positive part of my review the venue and the band they had playing on halloween were great. They accomidated us and we were a big party. Now the downside the food was just not that good. The chips from the chips and salsa tasted differant, the salsa itself tasted like it had to much lime or lemon in it. None of the people that went with us said that their dishes tasted very good.This is a must go in NOLA. I never thought I would end up in a Mexican food inspired restaurant just off Frenchman, but I did and couldn't be happier. I sat at the bar, and Alex provided amazing service and recommendations. I ordered 3 different kinds of uniquely flavored tacos for dinner- gulf shrimp, pibil(amazing braised pork), and the fried oyster taco. 
I came back the next morning for their burlesque brunch and had their take on eggs Benedict. 
Both times the managers and chefs came out and talked to me! Amazing service, especially for NOLA. And likely the most unique and best food I've had while here- and I've been here a lot.
Make sure to try their spicy salsa- great flavor and heat!Delish and fun space. Love the margaritas and courtyard.  The brunch is fantastic. Try the Chile Relleno.We had a great experience both times we went to This awesome restaurant in an great location on Frenchman Street.  Harper, our server was bright, fun and accommodating when we were there for their outstanding Sunday brunch and Winter was the same when we stopped the day before for drinks. The jazz pianist and singer, Lecco, was seriously good and worth hearing again a d again for his great repertoire, artistry and enthusiasm!
Sorry we have to leave NOLA So soon--- we will return!!!I saw the good reviews so we visited this restaurant on Sunday night.  They have improved the decor of the restaurant and it certainly looks better than it has in the past.  It seemed short staffed and although the server was very nice it took forever to get a couple of drinks and chips with salsa, quest and quac.  The chips are unsalted  whole tortillas (not even cut, just whole tortillas fried, how lazy can you get) with pico style salsa, powdery processed tasting queso and okay quacamole.  We had high hopes for this place due to the reviews.  We didn't even finish 20% of the apps, just left.  The chips were so stale they were inedible and even though the salsa and quacamole was okay there was no way you could eat the chips.  It was too short staffed to address the issue.  On the way out the manager as us about our drinks since they were only half finished on the table but did not ask about the half finished food.   It's a shame because the place has a lot of promise but no way with the food quality.Great Music & Bloody Mary's!!!!
Service was friendly & helped with all your needs.
Unfortunately the Live Music stopped around 2:00pm.
The next time, we get there a little earlier.Found this little gem by luck and we are glad we did. We liked it so much that we went back the next day. I really don't want to call it a Mexican Restaurant because it's more than that. Cantina fits properly. It's very good so take my word in it. 
The salsa is more like a Pico de Gallo. Very fresh and tasty. Pair it with the quest and you're off to a good start. 
We had the plantains. They were good but we prefer them a little riper. The Ribeye Steak tacos are just perfect with the chipotle sauce that gives it a little kick. I also had the pulled pork sandwich. You will need an appetite to finish this bad boy and it comes with fries that you won't finish but feel free to try. 
Leave some room for the flan. You don't want to miss out on it. 
The margaritas are fresh and potent. Have two and you may want to Uber. 
Fresh is the underlying theme here. Everything is fresh and you can taste it. 
When you go ask for Asia. She was perfect and fresh
5/11 Update 
So we keep going back and Keep having fun. We have been quite a few times since the 1st visit and have gotten the chance to meet the general manager Dale. As with any new venture there are some growing pains but he is doing a great job and getting the right people in place. Laura was awesome even though my Spanish is better than her's lol. 
Do yourself a favor and have Austin fix your Margaritas. He is friendly, very personable and makes a great drink. 
I just can't say enough just go there. 
6/14/19
Only advice I give is call ahead and make sure they are open to the public. We learned our lesson. Went tonight and the whole restaurant was closed for a private event. Would have been nice to know before paying for parking. 
We will be going back tomorrow but now know better. Oh we do follow the restaurant on FB and saw no post of a private event. Just a thought so others don't travel out there for no reason.Awesome... out of the chaos but nearby... off Frenchmen at the end of the quarter, great area... went twice during our trip... the pull pork sandwich is deadly... went back for brunch and the breakfast empanadas are incredible.. travel constantly and will be craving the empanadas for awhile. My friend had their version of eggs beni and they rocked. The bartender Alex also has great recommendations for "local" spots to hang and she make great drinks. Plus, just a great friendly spot with music..Went back for second time, patio is awesome and Burlesque Brunch was superb; love their take on Huevos RancherosFreddy G was a rude ass waiter that was condescending to top it off. Won't let you substitute anything or remove items from tacos, can't even add cheese to a $6 taco. and a $7 marg that's seriously so small. Offered extra chips without notifying me they were going to charge for them, also found a hair in my food that I did not cause a scene about because I didn't want to ruin our group's time. (10/10 do not recommend). If I could give negative stars I would.
If the managers or owners actually watched the tape they would've seen Freddy involving other tables in our service and having them scream at us along with him (the server) screaming at us as we left the restaurant. I don't know what managerial staff would consider that professional or great service, Rachel the manager on duty even stated "I've never seen him act like this." After this response, I am completely appalled and have not gotten in contact with the owners or law to pursue the harassment issues that myself (who was five months pregnant at the time) along with 9 other women had to endure, but I most certainly will now. Whoever responded to this was clearly not there to see this incident firsthand. And I will agree serving is not an easy job as 3 of the women in our group are servers or managers at restaurants. All of who felt threatened and dismayed by Freddy's behavior and the lack of handling this shows the business does not respect its customers or patrons.First time at Nola Cantina I will definitely be back. Stopped in last Saturday for my friend's bachelorette party! The sangria was amazing! What made our party even more amazing was our server Amani! She helped us play games and really made sure we had a great time! Thanks so much Amani! I can't wait to come back and have the food!A great experience in New Orleans next door to the time share I was staying at for a friends weeding happy hour from 4-7 everyday so I had the steak taco with enchilada sauce, chipotle mayo, charred onion and cilantro and lime amazing they I had the fries and quest for 5 dollars a 5 dollar margarita and oh yea they taco was 3.50I really wanted to like this place! Freddy, our server, was the highlight of our visit. He saved us for paying for extremely slow drinks in the early evening with a nearly empty restaurant and bar. We waited way too long for a can of beer and a vodka soda. We did not order anything outrageous! The picture of the bar says it all. The place looks like it would have great potential, nicely decorated, very pleasant courtyard and outdoor seating. But no people! They have lots of interesting tacos and other plates, but we opted for just starting out with chips and guacamole and the house salsa so that we could get the lay of the land before we decided to place our dinner order. The homemade guac was average for house-made, definitely better than premade food service supply house stuff. But it seem to be missing something, maybe a little heat and some zing? It ships were straight from my food service bag, the generic stuff you might get out a franchise place. Nothing at all special. The salsa was just OK, it was house-made also, and I suspect it had some cactus or some other unusual ingredient which added an interesting texture, but nothing for the taste.  As it became fully dark outside, more people wandered in, so we were not really alone, but still no one sat at that beautiful bar. They have some nice homemade hot sauces, worth a taste, but in my opinion, not enough to make me go back. We left before ordering our dinner. A little sad!It kind of blows my mind to see any bad reviews. This was hands down the best food I've had in New Orleans in years as least when it comes to tacos. The servers were dancing and everyone was having the time of their lives. The server re filled our water and checked in on us in a genuine manor. The interior is gorgeous. Prices were fair for quality and anyone who has a problem with the prices isn't paying attention to quality vs hunger. My family and I had a great time and we will be back again and again and again.Great place . Excellent  food. The patio is fantastic . I would recommend this place. Kids friendly.Overall. Great experience. Food and service was great, the atmosphere was fabulous. I loved the cabana seating. The manager came by and gave us all the weekly specials and such. I'm not a huge Mexican fan, but was impressed.
Only think I would say is portion control, I had the coconut shrimp taco and it was had to hold because it had so much on it and perfect your top self margarita.We had a party of 8 seated last night next to a dog shit recepticle! What the hell is that doing in a resturant anyhow. After moving our tables away we ordered food and drinks. Half our food and drinks came out and we were finished eating before the waitress came out and said she gave our food to another party. We waited patiently as more food than we had ordered arrived but still no drinks.  We got the bill where she compensated 1 meal! 4 meals were like 1 hr late. The waitress had some rude comments for one of the party too. Never will we go back or recommend this place.Had dinner here last night and was pleasantly surprised. The regular margaritas on the rocks were excellent.  We started with the chips and salsa and queso which was homemade and very good. They have a special toco menu and two for one person is plenty. I ordered the Chili Relleno and was one of the best I've ever had.  We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the band.  
The staff is very nice and efficient and everyone seems to chip in to take care of you. 
I highly recommended this place.When this place first opened they did a nice job, putting thought and detail into the food and the service. But the last two times it's gone down hill and this last visit was pretty close to bringing it to 1-star. They no longer offer any of the sides which I have to say was the best part of their basic tacos. The veggie taco they now make was just bad.  I ordered two and only could eat half of one of them. I can't say I'm surprised as they don't keep as busy as they should. Something about this location just never does well. I do love their patio so hopefully they will revitalize their interest in things and put some effort back into both food and service.I've been going here since it opened this past year and each time I go, I enjoy it more and more. The staff is always warm and welcoming, the evolving menu only improves and the margaritas delight me (not too sweet, fresh lime, etc). Will continue to keep coming back and bringing people with me.To start, they gave our table to someone else after we waited for 20 minutes, and there were multiple available tables. The food is super spicy- like burn your mouth spicy. Additionally, you don't get any free chips and salsa. On top of that, we were told they were only serving the front of the menu, but even some of that, they were not serving. I was with a party of 5, and the waitress said they can't split it because they're busy. We never got asked for a refill despite having empty glasses. We were taxed for bar and food taxes. The waitress kept taking food without asking. They also sent around a tip jar for the band, and they had a person lurch at each table. The only good thing is that the environment was cool. Everything else was subpar, and I would not recommend to my worst enemy.Absolutely horrible Mexican food. The waitress dropped three tacos on the floor and we had to wait for more. A friend of mine.... they forgot his order and never came back and when we told the manager he argued with us.Found this little gem by luck and we are glad we did. We liked it so much that we went back the next day. I really don't want to call it a Mexican Restaurant because it's more than that. Cantina fits properly. It's very good so take my word in it. 
The salsa is more like a Pico de Gallo. Very fresh and tasty. Pair it with the quest and you're off to a good start. 
We had the plantains. They were good but we prefer them a little riper. The Ribeye Steak tacos are just perfect with the chipotle sauce that gives it a little kick. I also had the pulled pork sandwich. You will need an appetite to finish this bad boy and it comes with fries that you won't finish but feel free to try. 
Leave some room for the flan. You don't want to miss out on it. 
The margaritas are fresh and potent. Have two and you may want to Uber. 
Fresh is the underlying theme here. Everything is fresh and you can taste it. 
When you go ask for Asia. She was perfect and fresh
5/11 Update 
So we keep going back and Keep having fun. We have been quite a few times since the 1st visit and have gotten the chance to meet the general manager Dale. As with any new venture there are some growing pains but he is doing a great job and getting the right people in place. Laura was awesome even though my Spanish is better than her's lol. 
Do yourself a favor and have Austin fix your Margaritas. He is friendly, very personable and makes a great drink. 
I just can't say enough just go there.I should have written this review a long time ago...this place was awesome! I went to NOLA for the first time and this place was pretty close by to where I was staying, and I was not disappointed. The live music was unique amongst the many wonderful jazz clubs in the surrounding area. The band that night was so talented, they had such a wide range of different Latin musical styles. The bar was nice, food was tasty and the decor was really relaxing. The owner was inviting and very pleasant to talk with. Since my going there, I've recommended this place to many friends going to New Orleans. They too have visited this place and told me how they found it quite pleasant. I think this place is really capitalizing on something here. It is something totally different that sits between the many historic clubs and places in New Orleans. I highly recommend!I called ahead and made reservations for their once a month burlesque brunch. I received a confirmation text the day before and confirmed. My party of 6 arrived to Nola Cantina and found no one in sight. Doors locked and lights off. I call and got no answer. Website stated they open for 10 am and it was 11 am. Very unprofessional of them to just randomly decide to open late and NOT bother calling me to let me know. Complete waste of time and then I had to find another place to accommodate us as we were all HANGRY at this point. Thanks for nothing.Grownup place to get a drink and listen Some music. Band is really good and chill, place isn't loud-you can still hear your companion (and yourself). And  finally- real glasses and silverware, and great serviceGreat place for an app, dinner or drinks. They have a fun welcoming environment with different types of seating.  Very delicious and unique menu.  The cantina fries were amazing.  I had the BLT taco of the day so good as was the steak.  The chicken taco with pecans could have had a more robust flavor.  Our group had both margaritas which were excellent.  
They have live music and it happened to be Latin night. We danced a little before concluding our visit.  Dale the host was great!Good food, great service. Live band, what else do you need? 
Thanks FreddyMargarita Monday happy hour was happy indeed, fantastic margaritas frozen house top notch,  not usually a margarita fan.  Chips with trio of dip delish.  The best part was fantastic patio seating with comfy couches and cooling fans. Ask for Winter.So I got 2 tacos, cheese, and some guacamole. Everything was super spicy and I just couldn't eat alot of it. Also, our table was given water with no ice.We came drunk and were amazed by the superior quality of the fries with pork and cheese! We came back for brunch and they did not disappoint... Exceptional food!! One of the best meals we've had and the bloody Mary's were stellar! Thanks to the super hospitalitable staff!!Patio was nice, other than that, this is NOT Mexican food. The guacamole they gave us was brown, the tacos were salty, the shrimp taco was basically two pieces of shrimp with some lettuce thrown in there, and I do NOT recommend the shrimp cocktail because it's not a Mexican shrimp cocktail at all!...so disappointingI was there on Sunday with a group of friends and A. The service was extremely slow, like so slow that I waited about 15 minutes for a beer in a can. B. The guacamole was terrible. I don't know who the have making the guacamole, but there should be no reason why anyone in this universe ever put cumin in anything other than beans and taco seasoning. The amount of cumin made the guacamole inedible. The only flavor was cumin. I didn't taste anything other than cumin, no avocado flavor at ALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL! I was seriously half tempted to show the cooks how to make real guac. If the guacamole was that bad I'd hate to try anything else on the menu.Worst food and service $22 two flavorless cold tacos nothing else everything else was extra. No rice or beans for $22. I will eat from garbage cans before I eat here again. Not a smart way to treat a tour guide in New Orleans. People always ask me where to eat this place should be avoided like Ebola. I'm giving 1 star because I have to so I can submit the review.Found this place walking around as a tourist.  Was looking for a low-key but fun experience.  We ate out back on the very beautiful patio,
which included a plants, a fountain, festive decor and music, and outstanding service.  We had drinks and appetizers and were very happy with our food.  
The main reason I was inspired to write this review was because of our server, Freddy G, who is an absolute gem to this restaurant-
he was sweet, friendly, endearing, and fun.  This is someone who would no doubt turn your day around if you were cranky.  Thanks for a lovely lunch that will stand out as a highlight of our visit to New Orleans.We stopped in on a Sunday evening and they had a great brass band playing. The Elotes were excellent and the Steak Tacos were very good. The meat was tender and the chipotle mayo really tied the tacos together. If you want a casual Mexican dining experience with good music, I would recommend.BEST TACOS OUTSIDE MEXICO. 
I've been to Mexico 4+ times and these tacos were the best in the local area. I love Mexican food and have many other favorites, but this topped them all!!! Friendly, knowledgeable,  staff; amazing food and PERFECT margaritas! Not to mention the atmosphere is gorgeous; will be back again and again!!!This place is amazing. We were here on Sunday December 1st around dinner The staff was excellent and the band was amazing.  A nice young man made us great drinks and we also had a delicious taco !As a tourist, I give this place a thumbs up. The food it's amazing. Do yourself a favor and Order the tacos,(carne asada). Visit this place when you are in NOLA. We totally recommend it.Almost great. But the food was disappointing.
First, what's good: we sat on the patio and it was a delightful place to be. They had a fabulous jazz quartet playing some swing era music and the tables and covered banquets were pleasant places to pass the evening. The staff was nice, and the specialty margarita was tasty (although kinda weak in the tequila department). And the menu sounds great.
Problem is, there was something wrong with each of the three items we tried. We had the quacamole and chips first. Well, the chips were good, thin and fresh. Guac is pretty simple, just a few fresh ingredients. They say they put "cured onion" in theirs, and either that or some other ingredient is giving it a too sharp, off taste. This was the worst restaurant guac I've had. It shouldn't be hard to produce some good guac and this one wasn't.
We had the chicken mole tacos which come with "chipotle-pecan mole sauce". Nothing in these tacos tasted like mole. There was chipotle all right, and pecans, but there was actually no sauce on them at all and certainly nothing that tasted like a mole. The chicken was fine but the whole thing was too heavy on the hot with none of the balance of an actual mole.
We also had the tuna tostada. The tuna was good but the "cumin vinaigrette" or the "guacamole" it sat in was way too salty and also too much on the spicy side, no balance. The tostadas were too hard to really eat.
I see some reviews here are great and some are like mine, which makes me wonder if there are good days and bad days at this place. Needs work. I'd love to come back but I wouldn't risk another bad meal.I guess this is one of those hit or miss places where half the people love it and the rest have a horrible experience. We had a wonderful time on a Taco Tuesday. We were lured in by the music that was jamming out on the patio and were shocked at how dead it was compared to other spots nearby. We ordered up some drinks and tacos and settled in to enjoy the band. The drinks came quick and the tacos followed soon after. Everything was tasty!
The best part of the visit was the courtyard. It's very cozy, with couches and a cool decor.Good food LATIN live music salsa dancing 
Have dinner Dance your worries away Go home happy   In door dinning. Outdoor dinning option on nice days with gardenI have nothing good to say about this restaurant and their food gave my entire party food poisoning. When we arrived, the hostess said we would be seated in 5 minutes. Thirty minutes later (and multiple open tables) we approached the hostess again. She ensured us we would be seated in 5 minutes. After another 15 minutes we were finally seated. After we sat down at our table, it took another 30 minutes for us to flag down a member of the wait staff. During this time, we waved and asked numerous members of the staff to help us. The only reason why we finally got some attention was because one of the waiters finally said he would serve us. 
To make a long story short, each member of our party ordered tacos. The following morning, every single one of us has food poisoning with multiple trips to the restroom, nausea, and cold sweats. 
This was a terrible experience and I would NEVER recommend this restaurant. Poor service and the food made all of us sick.Food was good. Service was exceptional, we loved our waitress. The band was great, I wish i could remember their name. Definitely a place to visit.If I could give stars for service Courtney was fantastic and was very attentive 5 all the way!!! 3 stars only because bar was ridiculously slow with our drinks. Manager was great to make it right. Good spot to take a break from all the walking.Went there for Sunday brunch, and I think our party of six had the entire menu! I had papusa beny, their take on a Benedict and it was really tasty. Drinks were strong and good; I had the smoke and mirror, nice mescal drink with a kick.
Decor is really cool, lots of day of the dead themed stuff. Outside patio is beautiful, can't wait for warmer weather. We'll be back!!We live near the Quarter and love checking out new places. This spot opened two months ago. We arrived pre-dinner rush, not yet 7 p.m. The dining room was empty, but they were setting up a band in the courtyard. There were a handful of tables there. Had a bit of a wait before a server stopped by. She asked if anyone else had helped us, and when we said no, she said "I guess I can." Really, that should have been our first warning. We ordered drinks. It took 20 minutes and a manager stopping by before they showed up. If we had ordered complicated tiki drinks I could maybe see that, but this was two cans of beer... We ordered food when we ordered drinks. While waiting, and waiting, we saw two other tables skulk away with menus on the table. Guess they gave up. We ordered three tacos and a plate of fries with queso to split. One taco arrived and then 10 minutes later two more with fries (no queso). They weren't what we ordered. We ate because no one was there to correct the mistake. Eventually, a different server came by with our actual order... What we did eat was unbelievably bland. Everything that could go wrong did. It was comedically bad. I kept looking for the camera crew. I don't know who the 5, 5-star reviews came from, but I'm guessing the owners BFFs. Go anywhere else. We are rich in options here.Me and my wife we're out on date night and was walking by. We decided to walk in and eat plus the fact that they had a live latin band on a Wednesday was a plus.
We sat for over 10 minutes and was never served or had a server come to our table to even take a drink or food order.
Probably will never try this place again. Not a good impression for a newly opened place in NOLA.Let's just say this is the place everyone should try. I really enjoyed this spot with my girl for her Bachelorette Party. The food was absolutely amazing along with the bomb atmosphere. Our waitress, Amani, was so great and offered many suggestions. Make sure you ask for Amani if you ever visit. Such a sweetheart. I had a Taco and Paloma in which we also ordered an appetizer called the cactus appetizer. It was soooo good. This will not be my last time and i will definitely recommend this spot as a go to restaurant.We almost didn't come here because the rating was at 3.5.  But it was so close and looked so cute.  Sooo glad we did.  The food was great and the patio atmosphere is hard to beat!Down at the lower end of Frenchmen Street is situated this large corner space that has two very distinct areas. The outside large patio has a bar, lounges and tables to watch the band in the corner of the outdoor plaza. Inside is a beautiful bar and interesting ceiling and decor that didn't seem finished yet. There was no one inside as I roamed around taking pics and talking to an employee as the plans for the place. I went back outside, grabbed a drink and took in a very good band. This joint is very large and with the outdoor patio has huge potential.Had a late night dinner here. Service from Harper was fast, friendly and efficient . Tacos were very tasty, including the chicken mole and Carne Asada. Also had their boozy flan for dessert. Highlight was definitely the flan and i would definitely come back for the tacos as well. Cool vibe and tasty food!Great atmosphere and food was delicious. Definitely check this place out. Make sure you sit outside and enjoy their one of a kind patio area.What a gem my boyfriend and I have found! We stopped in tonight because we heard the live band. The music, food and service was great. Amani was our server, she was very knowledgeable and recommended some dishes to us. We tried the cactus appetizer and let's just say we will be back to try more!Food is awesome and band is great . would be my go to place but service has been bad every time I'm here. The barker/go to man Freddy Garcia is FANTASTIC and if others employees would follow it would be awesome. I'm from the neighborhood and have heard similiar remarks from neighbors. Giving a 3 star but would be 5 if service improvesMy friends and I went in because the interior design was beautiful and it seemed like a nice place to have a drink. However the drinks were really bad, we had to go up to the bar to ask for our check to be run because the waitresses never came! And then the male bartender told my female friend to "smile more." So yeah. Don't go here.May have just been an odd night, but this place was ran very poorly. Took us 10 minutes of standing at the host stand to get anyone there. Then told to wait at the bar for about 20 mins for a table with there being 6ish open tables within my immediate sight. Figured whatever, maybe they have them reserved? Waited forever to get a drink at the bar since it had 20 people waiting and only one bar tender.... for the entire restaurant.
On top of it all their outdoor area which consists of approximate 15 tables was completely empty, but open, and the bar in their patio remained unstaffed the entire time we were there. PS. I those tables that were empty remained empty for the most part. A lot of people just left. We should have done the same.This place was great! The ambiance is really cool and the service was wonderful. It got a little chilly sitting outside and they brought everyone blankets!! Amazing! La santa margarita and smoke and mirrors cocktail were exquisite.So, the patio is cool, the music was good and the drinks tasted great. That's the only reason I give it 2 stars. If you are going here just to go to the bar, I would say sure! However, DO NOT come here for dinner. 
We had a reservation for a group. They sat us 20 minutes early (great) but then no one came to our table for another 50. No waters, no waitress. NOTHING and then when we asked a manager (Nick) for help, he got MAD that we asked.
Our waitress was very nice but she was one of 2 in a packed establishment, so she had way too much going on. The kitchen was apparently also understaffed and so half our table got their food and the other half didn't. And those of us that did get food has some really bad meals. One of the bugers was burnt beyond edible. We said something to the manager and AGAIN he got mad at us. We said we didn't want to pay for some of the stuff we didn't eat and he tried to NEGOTIATE WITH US. Offering us free drinks instead or 10% off the bill. It's not like we ate it and were asking for a refund. It was non-edible. We shouldn't be charged for that. He was extremely rude and then dropped a check off that took 1 drink off the entire bill and disappeared. I guess he hoped that we would just pay and leave even though he didn't do his job? We found another manager (Ronnie) who was much nicer and understanding and he assisted us. Overall it took us 2.5 hours to have 1 drink and leave hungry.
Nick- highly recommend you consider another line of work. I worked in the restaurant industry for years. I understand being understaffed or having issues. I understand big groups can be difficult but that in no way means you should act like as much of an ass as you did. You work on a busy street in New Orleans. If you can't handle being gracious in stressful situations you need to be doing something else.Great patio in a building that is death for bars/restaurants. NOLA Cantina probably won't survive the summer. Boilerplate Margarita (the bartender had to refer to the house recipe sheet to make it). Out-of-the-bag tortilla chips. Old, tired, wilted salsa overloaded with onions...and the guacamole. Stringy, flat, also overloaded with raw onion and HOT. Too much cayenne to eat. The rest of the menu is that "inventive Tex-Mex fusion" we're all familiar with. I'm heading over to Cuñada.Found this little gem by luck and we are glad we did. We liked it so much that we went back the next day. I really don't want to call it a Mexican Restaurant because it's more than that. Cantina fits properly. It's very good so take my word in it. 
The salsa is more like a Pico de Gallo. Very fresh and tasty. Pair it with the quest and you're off to a good start. 
We had the plantains. They were good but we prefer them a little riper. The Ribeye Steak tacos are just perfect with the chipotle sauce that gives it a little kick. I also had the pulled pork sandwich. You will need an appetite to finish this bad boy and it comes with fries that you won't finish but feel free to try. 
Leave some room for the flan. You don't want to miss out on it. 
The margaritas are fresh and potent. Have two and you may want to Uber. 
Fresh is the underlying theme here. Everything is fresh and you can taste it. 
When you go ask for Asia. She was perfect and fresh lol.Great atmosphere- spacious patio beautiful on a nice day. 
Excellent tacos! 
I had the Ribeye taco and chicken taco. Both were superb! 
Only meh thing was the corn tortillas that the tacos were served with, very bland basic packaged variety.Dont believe the hype, there is no such thing as Taco Tuesday! 
I live just a few blocks away from the Cantina, and honestly it has never appealed to me enough to walk in. Last evening however, I was drawn by the cool courtyard and smooth sounds of an instrumental surf rock band playing Santo and Johnny's 'Sleepwalk'. Thinking we may have discovered a neighborhood gem, my party and I were dead set after reading the Taco Tuesday half price tacos, $5 margaritas ALL DAY sign. Our server was cool, not in the courtyard surf rock way, more like cold. Aloof. She seemed to want to be anywhere but there, which is totally understandable considering the flagrant deceit in which she must engage-- on Tuesdays at least. It cant be easy waiting on guests brought into the establishment under false pretenses, then having to explain to them when their bill arrives (direct quote)" Uh there really isnt Taco Tuesday, I mean uh we have tacos everyday, but they aren't half price." Never mind the fact that as she speaks these words to us, I can actually hear her colleague cheerfully promoting the half price taco scam to an adjacent table. Hmmm. 
Long story short, six truly underwhelming tacos, a ceviche app, one too tart margarita and a coke came to just under $80. As we left, dissatisfied on all accounts, an animated young couple stood pointing at the Taco Tuesday sign, the woman exclaims, "hey did they overcharge you guys too?" They most certainly did. The couple went on to explain that there had been an additional $15 tacked on to their bill and when they questioned their server they'd been handed the same bs. 
None of us will be back. That lovely space was largely empty on such a beautiful clear night, and now I see why. Perhaps you might want to focus on better food and better service so you needn't rob folks on the backend. The 2 stars are for the band.The bartenders and staff are super friendly and knowledgeable. Our food was presently nicely and we really liked the ceviche. Presentation was good! Make sure you stop by if you're looking for a chill spot!I was surprised to see this place so empty on taco Tuesday. 1/2 priced tacos and some cheap drinks. I'm also surprised that they are not open for lunch. 
We got there a few minutes after 6 for dinner. No wait since we were the only ones there. The service was fine. We were the only customers present. The tacos were not up to par for anywhere. They looked good but seemed to have gone through the flavor vacuum on the way to our table. Maybe some salsa or taco sauce would have helped but none of those were offered. 
For the record the shrimp taco and fish tacos were the biggest offenders. Both cornmeal crusted but lacked the flavor or texture of the protein inside. 
Chance something. The oil, the menu, the management or this place will be gone in no time. 
Two stars because it's a cool location with a great atmosphere with a gaping hole for food that needs to be filled.Courtney was the epitome of southern hospitality. She made our whole dining experience great! Will definitely come back. We were even given blankets while eating on the patio while it was chilly. And the elotes and tacos were out of this world!I'm only giving them three stars because of the patio and the service. Everything else wasn't worthy of that many. 
The food was very salty and I'm not even sure how that happened. I guess the way the meat was marinated, maybe. Any who we had their nachos. We were with friends so of course we were gonna drink right? Right. I will give them that their shots were a good size for being a non-well tequila. I am convinced they were watered down. How did I have two shots on an empty stomach and not feel a thing? Still a mystery. 
I really wanted to like this place though. I always say I want to actually find a place in tourist land that I can take people to when they come to town and just have to be near the French Quarter at all times. The hunt continues. That patio was amazing too! They even had a live band the night we were there. My server was also very much on point.Avoid this place if you can, especially when they're running food specials of any kind. They are extremely dishonest.  They advertised $2.00 chips and dip special on the sign outside... three times the waiters acted like they didn't know what we were talking about, said ok , put in the food order and charged double. The happy hour listed half price tacos, but upon getting the final bill we were charged full. Brought this up to the bartender and he said it sounded right. The waitress flat out admitted the ad was a gimmick and they don't honor the special at all- they just use it to get people in the door. They wouldn't honor their own prices! 
The salsa was clearly from a can, nothing special at all. The food ok... nothing bad or good. Just ok. 
The service was incredibly bad. To the point we're watching our credit cards because they were so shady. 
This was a place where patrons actually came together because of how bad our experience was. Seriously, we met another family and joked about how awful it was outside the restaurant! When people join together because of collectively bad experience that's pretty special. Not in a good way...
Avoid this place like the plague.Good food LATIN live music salsa dancing 
Have dinner Dance your worries away Go home happy   In door dinning. Outdoor dinning option on nice days with garden 
Love the garden 
Here to eat 
They have ceviche
Also fish tacos
They have both Don Julio Reposado and Don Julio Añejo 
I'm happy 
I tried bothIf I could leave ZERO stars I would! I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone of my friends coming out of town. I had the WORST EXPERIENCE here with the police being called on me and my sister. A bar back/janitor spilled my sisters drink and told the manager to get her whatever she had. The manager (blonde white woman with short hair) told my sister she wasn't serving her. My sister asked why and the lady proceeded to tell us that she was calling the police. The "manager" called the police on us. I tried to ask her what the reason was and she didn't respond to me. I spoke to an employee that informed me this specific manger was very racist and that this was something that she normally does. 15 minutes later the police show up with FIVE and inform us that we are trespassing" because this manager "asked us to leave" which NEVER happened and the bartender/server served us 5 seconds before the police arrived. We left the establishment and spoke to the police. They informed us that we did NOTHING wrong and they said they weren't asking us for our names/identification because we WERE NOT IN TROUBLE. The manager wanted us to leave and was scared to tell us so she called the police. Even though Officer MURHAMMER (1 out of 5) wanted to "charge" us immediately and hit me in my face. All of the other officers spoke with us and basically told us to spend our money elsewhere!!!!! I would suggest any BLACK PERSON to do the same!!!!!!!!Although this place has an expansive outside area, they do not allow dogs and are not very polite in telling you so. The least they could do would be to post it somewhere since the area is primarily outside and the previous establishment was more than welcoming. The hostess stand is located further back in the restaurant (as opposed to by the door) so the 2 hostesses on duty made eye contact with us, watched us walk to the outside area with our dog, and then one of them finally came over to "greet" us / tell us that we couldn't stay. Then proceeded to follow us to the door like we were trying to do something wrong. I love Mexican cuisine and I love frequenting Frenchman as a local, but due to their attitude and lack of tact, I'll be steering clear of this place. What a waste of a great space.Nah. 
If I could write a 3 letter review that would be it. 
The conversation went like this with me and my people 
"That cheese kinda salty" "everything salty" "they gotta good vibe but food is like nah" 
"Is the salt old?" "It taste like BBQ" "how everything saltly but the salt?" "Maybe the food was so salty we can't taste the actual salt". 
We ordered tacos  and the loaded fries. But they not really loaded. It's just meat and cheese. For $16 can I get some salsa or something? Also the tacos aren't street tacos, they just basic AF. 
Also the drinks were over priced and we suspected that the tequila was watered down. 
SERVERS WERE NICE!!! The stars are for them and the nice patio space. 
Good for tourist maybe. 
‍I don't usually take to Yelp reviews but,
If I could give negative stars I would.
Trash service. Trash food. Trash establishment. The food is very mediocre.
The waitress we had was really rude. (She was acting like she was on drugs or some kind of a medication.. I suggest you check on that...) It's just crazy how unpleasant the whole experience was. I've never experienced anything like it. 
I have a Green card. When I showed her my green card she yelled at me that I should have my ID in English. How am I supposed to do that?
It would have been better if she said I should show her/carry my passport but instead she took to making me feel horrible about showing my green card as a form of identification.
Honestly the drinks/bar are the only things that were actually good.
I would suggest Felipe's if you're looking for "Mexican" food. In my honest opinion you're better off dining literally anywhere else in New Orleans. Seriously if you're on Frenchmen head over to Mona's cafe, or even Dat Dog over this place. As a service industry worker, I take my guest's experience very seriously and it just disgusts me when I go to an establishment and that's obviously not a priority.
But that's just me.I visited this restaurant with some friends during my visit to NOLA during New Year's Eve. My service was phenomenal! My server, Amani, was very knowledgeable about the menu and helped me pick some amazing tacos and the tasty El Diablo drink. The only drawback is the band! I am not sure if this band plays every night but they were awful. Aside from that, I would come back in a heartbeat!As residents of Austin,TX & Santa Fe, NM, we can be rather persnickety about Cantina cuisine, especially tacos. Chef Rye, offers a tasty and imaginative menu, inspired by the flavors of Mexico, Central and South America. This is no ordinary taco joint. We sampled the Pibil Taco filled with Annatto, sour orange, beer braised pork, and the Mexinola Chicken Taco fill with chipotle/pecan mole' sauce.The Best Elotes, lived up to its name. A bowl of fire roasted corn, with poached shrimp, garlic yogurt, spices, scallions, cotija cheese and lime. We completed our meal with the Flan del Momento, topped with a fresh made pineapple whipped cream. Our attentive, knowledgeable and friendly waiter, Fredy, brought 3 fresh salsas varying in heat levels to compliment the meal. Manager, Dale, is welcoming and runs a top notch cantina with creative decor, ample indoor and courtyard seating. There's a reasonably priced beer, wine, margarita and cocktail menu too. We can't wait to go back and sample some of the other dishes, like the Anaheim Chile Relleno and the Tuna Tostada. Check out Cantina NoLa, you won't be disappointed!This restaurant is in a fantastic location, and I suspect once they receive more press it will be crowded every night. The patio out back is phenomenal, and if it had been warmer I'd definitely be sitting out there! The staff was friendly and welcomed us in during the end of a parade, so the place was pretty empty. There was a band playing that I felt a little sorry for, as there were only a handful of patrons. It did start to pick up a little as we were ready to leave. The lighting here was very dim, so my attempted picture didn't turn out. It makes for relaxing ambiance, but it could have been slightly brighter in there as I had to squint to read the menu (and I swear I'm not that old). I really liked the decor, and you can tell a lot of thought was put into the design of the restaurant. 
I will preface this with the fact that my neighborhood back in Ohio is full of Mexican immigrants, and our tacos are both delicious and super affordable; the tacos here are overpriced as-is. I realize that New Orleans is very touristy and when taking that into account, this still makes for a more affordable meal than most. I had a Gringas taco and a Cochinita Pibil taco. The Gringas taco had a piece of charred pineapple on it, which was the highlight, but it needed two pieces to be substantial enough to be included in every bite. The cheese within the shell was a great idea in theory, but it tasted too much like that fake nacho cheese from a concession stand and ended up lowering the flavor profile. The Pibil taco was full of pork that was surprisingly lacking in flavor considering all of the adjectives listed on the menu. A good quantity of meat but not a lot of flavor. And maybe a zestier chimichurri would have helped instead of the refried black beans? Either way, the two tacos were definitely filling, but could have used some more flavor.  
I think this is the beginning of a really solid restaurant that will be a huge hit for locals and tourists alike once the menu is ironed out. Perhaps it was an off night for the tacos that I ordered, so I would still recommend this place if you're looking for tacos near Frenchmen Street. Especially if you want to hear a band and sit on a stellar patio!I use to say you can't go wrong with food in New Orleans. That was until we came here. We were a group of ten. 4 of us arrived a little earlier. We were seated right away but for the twenty minutes prior to the rest of our party arriving we were never addressed. They weren't even that busy at this point. No water not drinks no silverware nothing. Even when the rest of our party arrived it took some time for someone to come by. The bar manager actually came to take our order because it was apparent they were very understaffed. We ordered everything at once as we didn't know the next time someone would come by, but also had enough time with the menu to decide. 
Drinks took longer than expected. Food took longer than expected. We got our appetizers but no silverware. We went to the bar to get napkins and the bartender gave us one napkin. We had to explain our entire table needed napkins. Finallly our entrees came. Burger was burnt to a crisp, rice and beans were cold and mushy, our one friend didn't get her food until much later after we said something. 
We were so disappointed with our experience at this point we asked to speak with a manager. The bar manager who too our order, Nick, came over. We explained our issues and he offered a round of drinks. Since most of us were still working on our first round and didn't want to stay much longer we asked if he could take the first round of drinks off the bill. He agreeed. He brought the updated bill. At this point the burger we sent back did not come so we asked if he could take off the burger and the rice and beans as they were inedible. To this the bar manager replied, "is there anything else I can do for you before I go back there because im going to be pissed" this is not the way you speak to your customers, this is not the way a manger should handle an unhappy customer. 
When we got the updated bill we noticed that he did not take off the rice and beans and only took off a few drinks. So we asked to speak to a different manager. This is when we spoke to Ryan the food manager. He was way more helpful and professional. Nick was of course no where to be found to figure out what happened. So Ryan was gracious enough to take 50% off the bill. 
Appreciated of the good music, good atmosphere, our apologetic waitress and Ryan the food manager but will never come here again. We actually told people outside that was considering going in not to because it was not worth it.