AMAZING!!! The BBQ at Nola Smokehouse is the best I've had since moving here. The bartender at NOLA Brewery recommended it after a lengthy discussion about the best places to eat. My husband had the tri tip with horseradish cream and I had the pulled pork sandwich with spicy sauce and a side of coleslaw. Everything was finger licking good. We will definitely be returning and bringing everyone we know along with us.Charming little place. Jojo is the sweetest person ever, and my is the BBQ here good. To compare it to the only other place I generally eat BBQ, this spot has many more options than The Joint. The burnt ends were definitely the highlight of the meal, and I tried the sampler so that I could taste everything. The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the sauce options, but with meat this good you almost don't need any. Solid establishment, and they deserve support. You can tell upon walking in that there are good people running this place. A+ service.I have been following Rob for almost 3 years and his quality has never changed.  So, I was really excited to try out his new location.  Rob earns my respect for some of his sustainable practices.  Lately, I have been coming here once a week.  The best thing I can recommend is the sampler.  It feeds up to 3 people and the shared cost is cheap. My favorite part of the sampler is the pulled pork and ribs.  It's moist and juicy with just the perfect touch of smokiness.  Overall, this place tops all the other BBQ spots in New Orleans.Chef Rob catered our UPT/Irish Channel St. Patrick's Day parade party upon the recommendation of dear friends. The pork was so tender it melted in your mouth. My father-in-law loved the sausage so much he was threatening to hide it to reserve all of it for himself later. The spoon bread and slaw were the perfect sides. Our house smelled amazing.  Almost all of my guests went back for seconds...some even thirds! I am so lucky to live within walking distance of his new shop.The meat: EXCELLENT! Nicely dry rubbed and smoked to perfection.
The presentation:  lacking greatly.  I chose to eat in.  Meats are sold only by the pound (1/4, 1/2, full, etc).  You are given a paper plate, plastic utensils and napkins; sauce is on the table.  The meat is wrapped in paper, sides in disposable cups.  All is put in to a bag.  By the time they bring it to you where you are sitting ( a mere 2 minutes), the grease has soaked the paper so there is no way to serve it up without getting grease on everything.  
I think with some logistics on how to serve (take a page from McClure's playbook), this place has the potential to be a very wonderful BBQ experience.Omg. Can you say good? Nola has a desperate need for good bbq joints. And that need has been answered. This food is fantastic. Burnt end brisket. Need I say more? But I will. The pork was delicious. The sausage spiced expertly. And the sides.... bring an appetite. You are going to want it.When the lot is full BEFORE THE PLACE OPENS and the reason I know TO COME EARLY is because I've TRIED three other times...you are SO worth the effort.  I started with the brisket, moved to the sausage, then started gasping for more at the corn spoon bread.  Thank you for taking your pas job to the masses and letting us join you at the feast!We went there today and got a pound of the Beef Brisket Burnt Ends.  Incredible! So tender and tasty! We tried both of the sauces, sweet and spicy...also great!  Employees were so friendly and helpful.  I was offered a taste of the Burnt Ends and that's all it took  - I NEEDED a pound!  Definitely on our short list of go-to places to eat in our neighborhood.
3/16/14 - went back today for lunch.  We got two pulled pork sandwiches.  When we got out of the car the smell of barbeque filled the air! So nice! We ordered our sandwiches and a side of spoon bread.  The sandwiches are on rolls - like bahn mi rolls at a Vietnamese restaurant.  He puts them in the oven to get crunchy, takes them out, makes slit and opens them up and puts them back into the oven so the inside can get crunchy.  Then, he piles on the meat! When you bite in to it, it crackles and crunches and tastes warm and delicious!  The meat is tender and with the spicy sauce I was swooning!  The side of spoonbread was delicate, sweet, warm and delicious...kind of like a delectable cornbread souffle with corn niblets throughout. We will continue to go back without a doubt!Great little find near the garden district.  We ordered the sampler platter and enjoyed every bite.  Delicious smoked BBQ flavor and very friendly staff :DI dropped it a star.  Every time I've been, it's been a little worse than the last time.  It's still good, but I think The Joint is more consistent.  Plus The Joint is cheaper and has sweet tea.I now have two favorite BBQ places in Nola.... and yep...this is one of them.
After seeing two friends constantly barrage this place with visits and a recent group eat (UYE) I had enough and decided to finally visit.  I wasnt worried about not enjoying it.  If I had any worries, they were immediately dashed when I stepped foot inside and saw what was on others plates. Oh boy!!!!
I opted for the regular brisket sandwich and a side of corn spoonbread.  I chose wisely.   
I had my order to go because I snuck away on a whim. By the time I was making the Tchoupituolas onramp back to the westbank, I was swerving and tearing up the brisket.  First bite was awesome. Then I dipped into the spicy sauce. Oh wow! That was just a meat bite.  Next I went for the whole sandwich bite. Wow!  That bread was wonderful! Just enough crispness.  I dont know any of the back story on the bread, but I am sure its a pedigree story.  By the time I was getting off on the Manhattan exit I was halfway done with the sandwich.  At the red light I finally hit the spoonbread.  Brah!  Ok, that is similar to that corn yellow scoop of side that was available at Chevy's fresh mex. If you had that, that is what this is. Yummy!  It is definitely my favorite way to eat corn.
By the time I got near Boomtown Casino it was all gone. Barely any spilled on me. Probably because I was in Dyson mode sucking it back.  Not my usual Cookie Monster mode of sloppiness. 
It was only one visit and I am writting this review but that was enough to know that as far as the East Bank of Nola... this is THE place for BBQ.  
Pro tip.... get here at 11. The line started forming at 1130. Also you can see two Yelp Elites in the corner and get an autograph.What can I say. I'm a sucker for good BBQ and this place definitely has good barbecue. I recommend getting a sampler it's the best bang for your buck it's big enough to feed two people. But honestly three could probably eat modestly off of it , you get every meat and all the sides it's about 30 bucks. With that being said the prices are a little steep if you pay for the meat by the half pound and it doesn't come with any sides its all ala carte. They're only open Thursday  through Saturday because their main function is catering which is understandable but it gets annoying when you're trying to get lunch from there and you gotta be there at 11 o'clock just so you can get what you want before they run out an hour later. Besides the few times I've went and they didn't have enough to cover what my group wanted I've had nothing but good experiences. It's even nice to be able to talk to the chef himself because he's usually they're cutting the meat. I give it four stars only because the issues that I had personally with not being able to get what I want when I want it. But that's just speaking on the service culture in itself that I'm used to but I also understand that nola smoke house is a catering company first restaurant second.Yum Yum!  It is so hard to find good bbq outside of Texas.  I had the sliced beef brisket (fatty not lean) sandwich with a side of slaw.  The brisket was moist, and had a good smoke ring.  My only criticism is I can't taste the rub.  The rub seems to be just salt and pepper???  Anyway,  It is so hard to find good bbq outside of Texas. So, thank you NOLA for the good brisket.  I will visit next time I am in town!!See all them stars? All that heavy bright red up in that average rating? That's no mistake. 
It ain't a case that the owner's friends all coming on here and tried to game you, dog. It ain't some kind of fluke. 
NOLA Smokehouse is the best and [apparently] the most under-appreciated BBQ in town at the moment. Don't let it get to you that the decor isn't up yet and that you're sitting at cheap tables in a cinder-block room that, sure, can get a little hot. And don't worry that this used to be that one wing place that had pretty decent wings but didn't ever seem to really sell any. There's magic here. 
Get the Sampler. You'll want to try it all: the fall-off-bone ribs, the transcendent corn spoon bread, the burnt ends, the pickled veggies, the sausage, the brisket, whatever they've got. It's all incredible. Chef Rob's smoking stuff overnight for your mind to explode the next day. The sweet sauce is like nothing I've had--complex but also very, very sweet. The spicy is super tasty as well. It's all served on a giant platter.
The place has just recently switched to having dinner service, until 7, and me and my friend were the only customers for a little while there [530's an odd time though].
This is the most beautiful and honest exchange. A man and his wife building a business. You can say you were there back when you were the only people in the restaurant. Because you certainly won't be able to say that for much longer.First time going and the food was great. Brisket was delicious! Man I got a plate to go because the sides were so good!Up until recently, if my mom wasn't playing grill master, then I wasn't eating bbq. Simple as that. But then a week or so ago, some coworkers of mine started raving about this burnt end sandwich. They were so very impressed.... 
And rightfully so! 
The pulled pork? Delicious. 
The brisket? Amazing. 
The burnt ends? Let's talk about it. 
I really like brisket. I didn't know how much until I had the burnt ends. Omagosh. 
And their spicy sauce is tasty. Everything I've had here is good, including the stuff I didn't think I'd like (corn spoonbread). For the record, I'm not in love with it but it wasn't terrible. 
Really good Mac and cheese. Nice slaw, too. 
Support. Whole hearted support.The best BBQ I have ever had!!!! The burnt brisket tips were amazing and the pulled pork is so FULL of flavor!!! The spoon corn bread is to die for and the potato salad was awesome!!! The people were friendly and down to earth and there seating space was extremely clean!!!! After living in Texas for 11 years I must say that this is the best BBQ that I've ever had and that says a whole lot!!!! Enjoy!!!BBQ Euphoria......amazing. get the burnt ends....get the burnt ends and then take an order to go. The rub has brown sugar that caramelised on the phatty piece of carnivorous meat. Get there early as the hours listed are 2pm or until then run out which seems to be around 12:30 if you're lucky. The cornbread is incredible well its more of a corn mash. About 20 bucks for two meats, 2 sides, and a coke.  This one is added to the must have nola eats.By far, the best bbq place I have eaten in New Orleans. I do like the Joint, by water vibe. However, the selection of meats here are all juicy and tender. I can't tell you how many times I have eaten bad, dry brisket. Love the smoke rings and the way the brisket breaks apart here. I love, love, love the corn spoon bread. This place gets really pack but I was lucky today. I came around 1 pm and there were still the full assortment.Best BBQ in town! Had the Sampler. It was more than enough for 2. My favorites were the pulled pork, burnt ends, corn spoon bread, pickles, slaw... I guess everything. It's all good! We will definitely be back to Nola Smokehouse.I have to say I have found my new favorite place to eat, you have to try this place I have eaten brisket all over the US and this is one of the bestEpiphany is what you will experience
 if you are lucky and righteous enough
 to eat this artist's product .
 How about some smoked chicken livers?The burnt ends were melt in your mouth tender, and the pulled pork was quite good as well. Good selection of sauces at each table. The place may be a bit bare bones right now shortly after opening (I wish they had even some red solo cups for tap water), but they serve some damn good BBQ!I've been waiting to try NOLA Smokehouse as part of a quest to find the best BBQ in New Orleans. Since this place has been getting good reviews, I wanted to give it a try. Arrived about 11:30 because of crowd concerns and food shortages. No problem there as I was among only two or three tables eating it.
There is no sign guiding diners but the red building was easy enough to find.
Menu selections are somewhat limited and 5 meats were offered: Brisket, Burnt Ends, Ribs, Pulled Pork or Smoked Sausage.
I opted for Two meat combo plate and
Chose Brisket and Burnt Ends. Sides chosen were the Corn Spoon Bread and BBQ beans at $18
Service was very prompt and was served on plastic plate with plastic forks and knives. Don't come here if you want silverware and china.
There were several options for the brisket: with or without the fat cap. I chose "medium" fat cap and three or four VERY tender slices of moist brisket was in the plate. The excellent rub created a wonderful bark on the brisket and I tried some bites with the fat and some without. The bites with the fat were extremely tasty and it definitely added flavor. 
I didn't know quite what to expect with the burnt ends and I haven't seen that option at any other BBQ spot. They were tender and bite sized with the same bark as the brisket. 
Three sauces were on the table labelled "Vinegar", "Spicy", and "Sweet". I used the sweet and enjoyed it.
Side order of beans were nothing out of the ordinary, leading to the 4 star review rather than 5. Corn Spoon Bread was very good and is similar to Voo-Doo version of the same dish.
Will definitely go back to try the ribs and pulled porkMy husband and I have picked up food here twice. We have tried the pork, beef and multiple sides. All the above are absolutely delicious. We anticipate it becoming a weekly meal. We think that this is the best BBQ in town. It is also a great location for the revitalization of Jackson Avenue. Go try it!!Another stellar serving of brisket and burnt ends, fatty,  of course at my favorite bbq place in New Orleans.  I took a vacation day and this was at the top of the list on stops to make today and they never disappoint.  Chef Rob is spot on every time I come in here. I can't say enough about this place so come out and support a local business!!Pretty damn good bbq! I liked their different sauces and their pulled pork was so tender and perfect. The baked beans were great, but wasn't sure about the potato casserole stuff. So far, BEST BBQ IN NOLA.I'm an expert in eating BBQ across the country and addicted to beef brisket as you can quickly tell from my Yelp reviews and this place has made me a happy camper as it is very near my house.  This establishment has all the trappings of a pure and simple BBQ joint while having really excellent brisket and burnt ends.  I really hope they bring back some of the amazingly awesome sides they had back when they were in Metairie briefly as the short lived Smokin Buddha Bbqieux as the handful of experiences I had at that establishment ranked among my all time favorite BBQ experiences with the best sides I've ever had with BBQ anywhere.  
Currently you get a choice of three sauces for the meats (brisket, burnt ends, sausage and pork butt) with a selection of four sides (mac and cheese, spoon bread, rice salad and slaw).  I would like them to add fresh brewed iced tea and expand their sides to some of the great things I had before when they were in Metry but the meat seems to definitely be a contender for ranking among the best BBQ to be found in NOLA.  So far the only real downside of this place is that they often sell out before I can get back from work to get some brisket or burnt ends for dinner.The brisket is fantastic! I am so happy to have this place close by. BBQ places are generally hit and miss, but not here!Fantastic ribs and brisket. The place was very clean for a smokehouse, but I'm this case this was a plus as the wife and baby were with me.This is the top BBQ that I've EVER eaten...& they close up when sell out...about 2:00 daily!!  TRY THE BURNT ENDS!!! OMGMy favorite BBQ place in the city.  I have been following Chef Rob since he started and he has just gotten better with age.  I always have to get mixed brisket when I come in.  The pulled pork is a close second.  And I am always tempted by all the specials.  If you see some house made pimento cheese on the menu, go ahead and get you some, and worry about finding bread later.  Meanwhile, you can find me licking it off the spoon, in the corner...Ok, so it's hard to find good BBQ in NOLA but I got great news (FOUND IT)NOLA SMOKEHOUSE does it rite.They were out of ribs but the brisket,sausage & sides were great. ILL BE BACKYay! I made it here and they were open and not sold out!
Ok, well I'm not a HUGE barbecue person. I like the stuff, but it's not really something that I ever seek out. After hearing that NOLA Smokehouse is now officially the best barbecue in the city, I knew that I had to see for myself.
First of all, finding this place is a trick. From what I could see, it had no signage, and the only thing indicating that this old store front was serving food was the huge "open" flag in the front. Once I finally tracked this place down, I was eager for my lunch.
Upon entering, I looked over the menu of the day and decided on the pulled pork sandwich. I'm the type of person to likes to ease into a new place and not jump right in. The nice woman took my order and I sat and waited. The place is pretty small, so I can imagine that during peak hours it can get pretty nuts.
My sandwich came, and first of all, it was huge. It was just packed with so much pulled pork. One thing I really liked was that it didn't come with sauce on it. They let you add your own, so that you can pick your flavor- spicy or sweet, and add as much or as little as you want. I found that my best plan of action was adding the sauce to one side at a time, so that the bread didn't get soggy.
The pork was tender and delicious. I honestly took a few bites of the sandwich without any sauce on it, and I could have eaten it just like that. The different sauces did a good job of bringing out the flavor of the meat and enhanced the flavor of the pork without masking it.
The super nice staff and the amazing food guarantees that I will most definitely return. One thing I noticed when I was here: I was the only girl! Almost every spot in the place was filled with all guys. Girls, head over here and get you some barbecue! Show the guys that we like smoked meat, too!Super friendly women at the counter.  Restaurant is simple: folding table and an ipad as the register with the chef and his kitchen "open concept".
Prices are fair, food was decent. I like that they asked if I wanted lean or fatty brisket, although what I got was in the middle, I'd hate to see what fatty is... Don't come here for the sides.  The potato salad was too salty and rich (butter?) to eat.  Literally didnt eat 2 containers of it.  The coleslaw was as good as a bag of dole's from the grocery - basic. The meats were ok.  The ribs were huge but mostly fat.  Pork, smokey but needed some BBQ sauce to moisten it up. 
I wouldnt say its the best BBQ I've eaten...brisket is among the best i've ever had.
pulled pork is super
sausage was so-so
corn pudding and beans were badass
but the sauces?  i usually don't go for much, if any, sauce.  head for the vinegarry NC type if was forced to choose.  
the vinegar was spicy and great for cutting the fatty brisket caps, the spicy sauce wasn't overly spicy, and had a great raisin-like flavor, and even the sweet sauce was tasty... kinda like peaches.
get all three, they're worth at least trying.Ended up in the area after getting caught in the French Quarter and going around to get out of the traffic. Noticed the building on the corner,had heard it was a good BBQ joint. Small,clean,straight forword decor. Fabulous BBQ. Got the 3 meat plate with 2 sides. Burnt ends,pulled pork,brisket. Mac and cheese and spoonbread.  More than enough for me and wife. Not in my neighborhood but worth the drive. Deserves 4 1/2 stars but not an option. Will definetly be backEasily the best BBQ in Orleans parish!
Get here early on the weekends because they run out fast. I have tried a bit of everything but the ribs and brisket are my favorites. Sides tend to be decent too but the star is the meat. The sauces are good - I like the spicy one - but the meat really doesn't need it.
If you go, tell JoEllen hello!I wish I could I could give 3.5 stars.
I was craving brisket this past weekend and decided to look up a good barbeque place on yelp.  Nola Smokehouse has rave reviews, so I decided to try it.  I don't have a problem with the ordering process like other reviewers.  I look at it as a mom and pop establishment--a lot like a food truck with some seating.  BUT I think they can definitely improve on the layout of the place to accommodate more people and make things more efficient.
Owners, if you are reading, I think this one simple change would make things much more efficient . . . PLEASE incorporate the use of table numbers and a tray station/garbage area.  For example, let's say you have 10 tables.  Get 10 small table markers to keep at the front of the register.  Have the cashier ask if the customer is dining in or ordering out.  If they want to dine in, give them a table number so they can reserve their table and bring out their order when it is ready.  Have them return the table number when they are done eating.
If you run out of tables and a customer wants one, only then do you offer to pack up their items for to go if they would like to wait for a table.  I found it off-putting when I said I wanted to dine in and the cashier insisted on having my order packed to go.  I KNOW I want to dine in, and I know she did it as a courtesy, but I don't appreciate people making decisions like that for me.  If I want to wait, I'll wait.
I also saw an exchange between customers that really revealed the inefficiency of the store set-up.
All the tables were in use when one table got up to leave.  Two different men started to go towards the table.  They saw each other, and one man gave up the table to the other man.  In the midst of this exchange, two women came in behind them and just sat down.  It was incredibly rude!!  I understand it's a cafeteria-style establishment, but your customers should have to dance and fight over tables.
As for the food, I ordered the platter.  The textures of everything were spot on, but nothing was particularly memorable for me.  I couldn't distinguish the taste of one meat from the other aside from the chaurice which I enjoyed a lot.  They all kind of tasted the same to me. I'm also not a fan of the sauces.
The spooned corn that everyone raves about is a simple recipe for corn casserole--look it up online, it's really simple and yields a lot.  I DID like the beans a lot, and I'm not normally a bean person.  The watermelon salad and the chili were pretty much untouched.
As for the value, it was $39 for the platter, and you get I think 4 sides and 3 of each meat.  I think it's overpriced.  
Overall, I think it's a solid BBQ place, but I don't think I will be returning.So yeah I got there when they were out of most things. However, they still had pork, and it was truly fantastic meat. This isn't a place to go and sit and eat. It's a place to go and grab a couple of pounds of Brisket, Butt, or both. Take them home and make your own favorite sides. Took home a pound of pork, made some slaw, grilled some buns, and whipped up baked beans from one of our old River Road cook books. This can't be beat. Chef Rob knows what he is doing. And if you know what you are going there to get then you will not be disappointed.I regret having to be the first to write this review following opening day but I am.
As many people know I call myself an expert in BBQ having traveled across the country to taste the best. Memphis, the Carolinas, Texas, Chicago. Haven't been to the mothership of Kansas City yet but that trip is coming. I love bbq and am a hard marker so my ratings for these places may be a little tougher than many. 
After the much celebrated and hyped arrival of the NOLA Smokehouse Restaurant, a group of my bike friends rode over for a Saturday afternoon lunch. Well we got there just in time because by 3:30pm the party was over, no more meat. All that was left was the pulled pork. To my surprise all he served was meat by the half pound. All the sides though not many to choose from were sold out with the exception of house made pickles which really isn't a side. This really lowered my interest in the meal because the mark of a good bbq joint is not the meat but the sides. So I'm thinking sandwich since all the sides were gone, well wrong again chef was not offering any sandwiches. I thought to myself c'mon man you could have at least bought a bunny old school thin sliced white bread and filled it with pork and sauce like they do up north and sell that for a couple bucks, a real working man's lunch. The "side item" pickles were great and would have been greater on a pork sandwich, not as a side item. So I was left with just pork which honestly I found to be good but nothing to brag about. I still think Walkers of Jazz Fest and New Orleans East is the best pulled pork in the city even though they have their issues also, go read their review. 
The worst part of the experience was that he charged me $7 for a half pound of meat with no sides which I think was a bit steep. CASH ONLY another thing I hate but I give them a pass on that because its opening day. Then again I don't because their register was an iPad and all he had to do was set up the app like everywhere else these days. 
Honestly I think the chef opened this place up too early and probably was overwhelmed by the response from all the hype around his bbq. He needs to shut her down till he hires a full staff, gets a full menu and then I will make a return hoping for better. Im going to give this place some time to get the kinks out what I hope will be a much better experience in the future. Long live Nola Smokehouse and welcome to the New Orleans BBQ family.I came.  I saw. I conquered.  
I split the sampler with my brother.  That's one of everything for $40.  Here's the breakdown.  
Brisket - Best brisket in New Orleans.  Had a hard time getting it on my plate because it kept falling apart.  Beautiful smoke ring, delicious bark, tender and juicy on the inside.  Perfect.  I liked it most with the spicy BBQ sauce, but it's good enough to eat with out the sauce. 
Burnt ends - Normally these are my one true weakness, but these weren't great.  They were kind of dry.  I'll give them another shot next time I'm there, but they were easily the worst part of the meal. 
Ribs - Huge and crazy delicious.  They all had an over cooked part that I didn't eat because it was too tough, but most of the rib was smokey and tender and incredible. Spicy BBQ or vinegar.
Boudin - Fantastic.  Excellent spice.  Not too mushy, which is the most common complaint I have about boudin.   
The non-boudin sausage - Wonderful.  Nice spice, not too greasy and exploded with juicy deliciousness when chewed.  I liked it covered with vinegar sauce and hillbilly caviar (more about that later) 
Pulled pork - Slap ya mamma good!  Fluffy and tender with little crispy bits.  Incredible smoke and spice balance.  It just sucks up the vinegar sauce.  I'll admit that I'm a huge pulled pork fan, but this was on another level.  Get this.  Put vinegar sauce and hillbilly caviar on it. 
Spoon bread - Nailed it.  The consistency was great and it was right on that perfect cusp of sweetness.  Loved it.  
Mac and cheese - Perfect.  Nothing fancy, just the right balance of pasta, cheese sauce and crispy cheesy goodness. 
Potato salad - Pretty good.  Not a stand out like the spoon bread and mac and cheese, but acceptable.  A little too salty for my tastes.  
Pickles - Some kind of sweet dill pickle.  Delicious.  Would definitely throw some on a pulled pork sammy drenched in vinegar sauce.  
Hillbilly caviar - Pickled mustard seeds.  How have I not had this all of my life.  It's delicious and subtle and probably belongs on all BBQ everywhere.  It went particularly well with all of the pork.  
So after raving like a madman about the awesome food, why is it only 4 stars?  No sweet tea.  This is unacceptable in a BBQ joint.  Not having sweet tea at a BBQ restaurant is like not having popcorn at a movie theater.  It's just unthinkable.  Once this place adds sweet tea, it's an easy 5 stars.Love this food! Burnt ends, boudin and spoon bread are first things to get!! Everything else great as well! Chef Rob really gets BBQ and everything he does down to the housemade pickles are the real thing! Go early for the best selections!!Behold: I have seen what is past the pearly gates, and it is the NOLA smokehouse. Quite possibly the best restaurant in NOLA; even the most expensive fru-fru spots could learn a thing or two about how to prepare meat from this little spot.
I really should have paid more attention to the sides I had, but one's concentration clouds over when one is in food nirvana and I can hopefully be forgiven for saying only that I had a lot of meat and some tasty sides.
As others have mentioned, the decor is not really a factor because when you're here, you're concentrating on the food in front of you.
NOLA Smokehouse. Stop wondering whether you should come here and just do it.NOLA smokehouse is nuthin fancy (to steal from Lynyrd Skynryd) but it is solid BBQ. Real solid. Straight up classic BBQ. They know what they are doing. I have not had anything that wasn't good.New Orleans and the surrounding areas are blessed...BLESSED when it comes to creole food. The culinary gods smiled upon us and I can say with the utmost certainty that our food is one of the best in this nation. You come here and we will feed you delicious food until you're stuffed silly. Then we will insist you have seconds and don't forget to save room for dessert. Bread pudding, anyone? How about a nice bananas foster?
We were lacking in one area...BBQ. And by BBQ I mean brisket. No more my friends. No more.
Nola Smokehouse is totally legit. I went and ordered the brisket. You have a choice of regular, lean or a mix of both. I ordered lean, scared that it would be dry and sand-papery. Nope. Falling apart as soon as you touch it. Moist, smokey and to die for good. Don't tell my dad, but it's better than his. And his is the best thing in the world. No kidding, y'all. 
The potato salad is better than my creole grandmother's and I've loved hers all of my life. 
The spicy sauce on the table is soooo great. Trust me, this brisket needs no sauce at all, but that spicy sauce. Oh my. Come to me, lover. It enhances the brisket in the best way. They are perfect partners.
Oh and by the way, the wife of the genius who is making the brisket is the most genuinely nice lady I've encountered in some time. 
Thank you, Nola Smokehouse. You complete me. You complete this entire city.
Now you know where to get fantastic BBQ in New Orleans. Enjoy!As a melting pot for regional cuisine, New Orleans definitely stands out when BBQ is mentioned. While the surrounding region may have more locally rooted styles, particularly in Mississippi, it's always nice to find styles from all over done equally as well as the next. It's hard to be a master of both cow and pig, yet still make outstanding brisket and ribs on the same day. Smokehouse does this very well, while delivering excellent customer service. 
In order to meet the demands of the dual market, they limit their production volume and make sales time sensitive. This allows for an increased quality of rarities, reducing wait time, and increasing individual consumption. While this does follow with an increase price, it is a strategy that maximizes overhead costs. They seem to have a very limited setting. Kitchen is almost fully exposed, decorations are sparse if not zen Buddhist, and tables are nothing more than fold outs. I like that. I really like. Disrobe the pretentious city dweller vibe, and give it the country store front attitude. 
However, it's not a place you can eat at all the time. First of all, its unhealthy, and secondly, who can afford to clog their arteries for $15 per day. You can kill yourself for a third the price at McDonald's. But wait, back up: who cares if it is unhealthy? It's heavenly. I'd rather die from over eating than from chocking on a kale chip dipped in hummus. For the connoisseur, you'll ravish at the ever changing specialties by limiting returning. And they basically set their schedule to ensure that you'll be back, but not daily. Visiting infrequently, you'll be more amazed at their constant reinvention and variations on old dishes. Moreover, if you really like pulled pork, I suggest you try doing it. It's a very easy dish on a smoker. Make a brine, make a sauce,  smoke, pull and enjoy. That being said, you can't do it like Chef Bob. I loved how he put additional sea salt and cracked black and red pepper back into the shredded meat before serving. Also, the sprinkle of sea salt chunks back on to the brisket is a great little touch. 
But on to the food, if I haven't said enough already: spot on. Embodiment of practiced and precise cooking temps. They are not to be measured around presentation. Slap da meat on a metal sheet. Their robustness is the mark of BBQ dedication. Let's see...What haven't I had??? Get everything, and live! The crunch on the burnt ends is greatly contrasted by the delicateness of the fat, sinew and muscles tearing apart another by the force of earth's gravity. Also, I really like that they limit table sauces to three types. K-I-S-S. Makes each one seem so different from the next, and allows each sauce to be perfected. None of the sitting there and tasting a thousand by sticking your finger to a bottle tip, licking it, then doing it again and again till the restaurant has a public health crisis on its hands; or ordering one of a million only to be disappointed--if you have ever had something like a Habenero Mango Zang sauce and thought "It must be good," then put it on your Pulled Pork sandwich and quickly lost the ability to taste anything, because your tastebuds are destroyed, though maybe there's a hint of sauce flavor coming through between the fire throws of pain, burning your mouth with acidity and Scovalian units, the likes of which should never be served, then you know what I mean. 
Everything was good. No everything was awesome! Get the umami pickles for a side dish. Typically, I skip on lots of sides, because they aren't they main attraction, and I don't want to fill up or waste the precious space of my only stomach (sometimes, I wish had more like a cow, especially when dining here) on anything but smoked animal body parts. This is a pure meat paradise. Come hungry, come early. Leave in food coma.Really solid cue. Easily as good if not better than the joint.Came for Saturday lunch with my fiancé. I got a 3 meat plate with burnt ends, ribs, and sausage and corn pudding and baked beans for the sides. The means were all really deliciously smokey and moist. They definitely don't skimp on the portions. One of the ribs was a little tough, but otherwise very good. The sides were also really good. The baked beans were some of the best I've ever had at a BBQ joint.Sometimes when I think of Chef Rob's place over here, I think about that South Park episode where Cartman buys a theme park that has all these fun rides but nobody is allowed to come. That's how I feel a lot of the time about NOLA Smokehouse's limited hours.
But then, a second later, I realize I don't even care, because the wait is always worth it. Because this place is that good. If you told me I had to eat one meal for every course for every day the rest of my life, this place might be in the top 5.
Look, I'm not sure where to start here. Last time I came here was the 4th of July, and the Chef gave us free ribs just because. Do I start there?
Do I start with the ribs, because this is the only place I've been to in New Orleans that does ribs right? The only place that does perfect, melt-in-your mouth juicy ribs with a fantastic bark and a finger-licking rub?
Do I start with the sauces, which, although typically not the centerpiece of a bbq joint, are succulent and on point here? Where a spicy sauce actually means spicy, and every single one tastes like you can't just get it anywhere else?
What about the burnt ends that everybody loves? Aside from the fact that they are incredible, how about the fact that you can ask for fatty or nonfatty cut? How about the hint of rock salt he throws in on top, just to give them that extra oomph of flavor?
What about the pulled pork, which opened my eyes to a new concept of mixing spices in after it comes off the grill? A pulled pork that a bbq magazine might take a picture of to exemplify the perfect mixture of bark, spice, juiciness, and flavor? 
What about the sides? What about the spoon bread? What about the sausage, and the sandwiches! 
I can't write the review I would need to in order to complement Chef Rob on everything that he does right here, because it would be an essay. I've had bbq from Arizona to North Carolina, and NOLA Smokehouse is up there with places like the Salt Lick in Austin. It's just really, really good.The absolute best BBQ in Nola!!! The Burnt Ends are amazing!! Hell everything is amazing!! If u want BBQ in the Nola this is the only place to go!!!I've been here 4 times in the last 4 months. My visits would be more frequent if they had more hours but I'm not complaining at all! Chef Rob is all about quality and I definitely support this local business. I always get the brisket sandwich and boudin. The meat is smoked to heavenly perfection, which I am so grateful for. They open at 11am until they sell out and they've been selling out pretty often. Today I got there around 10:30 and was the 3rd party in line. If there's a line outside you know it's real. 
Chef Rob is the man. Follow them on Instagram for updates and they also update their website daily for daily menus.Been waiting for Chef Rob to go through the hoops of Permits and Inspections and come out on the other side.  Though some feel he opened too soon, his product being put forth is outstanding.  Burnt ends are melt in your mouth excellent and the bake mac and cheese and potato salad were excellent.
This is my go to place for smoked meats.OMG!! I agree with all of the othet reviewers about the brisket. It is RIGHTEOUS!! I got a 1/2 pound of the brisket (fatty, of course) and burnt ends with a Barq's.  It was $13.08 and I brought food home. 
It's not a very big place and you have to keep your eyes peeled for it but if it helps,  there's a playground catter corner across the street.
There was a couple at a table close to me that kept looking at me but I think that was because I was stomping my foot, licking my fingers clean and saying "damn,  that's good" after every bite.
I tried the mixing of the sauces as recommended by other reviewers but only used the sweet and spicy and again, RIGHTEOUS!!
The few people that work there were extremely nice and truly appreciated the compliments when I went up to get one of their biodegradable go containers. 
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED if you love some damn good brisket!!!This place is incredible. Easily the best barbecue in New Orleans, and possibly the best I've ever had.
Go spend some money - they don't have enough clients and I can't stand the idea of these guys going out of business.I've been visiting Nola Smokehouse since their days as Smokin' Buddha BBQieux. I absolutely love their food. Their meats are so tender it's like jello in your mouth! I always sample different sides. But my favorite is their Sweet Corn Spoonbread! I recently visited them for their steak night and it was by far the best steak! To me, great steaks come off of a charcoal pit, not flame broiled (which is flash-cooking) or pan seared. They never disappoint and their staff always go out of their way to make sure you're happy! Their restaurant may not look like much, but I always feel like I'm at a picnic with their paper plates, plasticware, and the K&B Purple butcher paper. What I love the most overall is that they not only source from farm raised animals that are treated with care, but they also use environment friendly, recyclable tableware. Keep up the great work!If you've ever read a review of mine from a BBQ place, you have heard me preach about being a NC BBQ girl through and through. This statement is so true and therefore makes me weary of trying any NOLA BBQ place. I had heard good things about NOLA Smokehouse and if King John says go, you go. So I went. Praise little baby Jesus. Smoky pulled pork that I can get with a tangy, almost slightly sweet, vinegar sauce! This stuff is so freaking good. This is exactly what I am looking for! The smoked sausage had a good bite and a good snap to it. The brisket was juicy with a good amount of fat but not too much. The meats here are dead-on. I love The Joint but I'm afraid food-wise this place is beating you right now especially in the last category, sides. Both their mac-n-cheese and corn spoonbread are like my momma's. The place itself isn't much in the way of ambience but who cares really. Everyone working there is super friendly and beams with a smile. I will be back for sure. I will bring people. You have a new believer!The best. Tragedy that it closed. I'm mourning it. Hoping they've opened up somewhere else.Freaking fantastic! Great Southern BBQ. 
Simply a  down home great food experience.  
Family run, food definitely comes first. 
Less than 10 four top folding tables but. just join another table and chow down. 
Two big guys shared the meat sample platter and couldn't finish it. 
Sweet corn spoon bread should
Not be missed.Best BBQ in my liiiiiife.  The burnt ends are so good I almost could make an altar in honor of them.  This is the location of BBQ nirvana.  THANK YOU GOD for moving me close by.  Don't go anywhere else,  best flavor, so tender and moist.....carnivore heaven . the sides are amazing too.  Get everything and go at opening time or they sell out FAST!Sometimes (or daily), I get an itch. 
An itch that only a healthy dose of BBQ can fix. 
Some call me a junkie...others refer to me as an enthusiast. 
Either way, the smell brings out the caveman in me. 
I recently fell victim to said cravings this past weekend. 
Yelp to the rescue. 
NOLA Smokehouse was in my crosshairs.
The app said they are closed on Sundays. 
Closed? 
Let me call them.
Sure enough, they were going to open at 11.
I have heard the stories about this place selling out so I didn't want to chance it. 
Salivating, I hopped on my bike and scooted their direction.
The smell got stronger as I turned off Magazine and I knew I was getting closer. 
The anticipation was killing me.
11:02 I walk in the door.
I think to myself that I have arrived...as I inhale the intoxicating aromas. 
To this point I had a solid game plan: Order the sampler platter (so I could get a taste of everything).
All that planning went out the window when I saw the sign for Burnt Ends.
Im so weak when it comes to Burnt Ends. 
On a whim, I told them to make it a sandwich (Im a genius).
The Ends were crispy, fatty, cured and exactly what I needed. They even dusted the meat with a bit of Fleur de Sel.
Nice touch.
The bread even soaked up the rendered fat that had managed to make it to my plate.
I loved it.
Fat always gives me the Meat sweats.
It took me approximately 22 minutes to eat my sandwich.
In that time, they managed to sell out of Ribs, Brisket and the Burnt Ends. 
22 minutes from opening.
22 minutes people.
Thats both Mind Blowing and an excellent Business Plan. 
Keeps the demand high.
Apparently that is a regular thing for them too.
The 'No frills' interior of this place is a true calling card for a quality BBQ joint. 
All the focus is on the food...as it should be.
I did regret riding my bike there.
The pain on the ride home was intense but I muscled through anyways. 
If you do happen to visit NS, be prompt.
The food waits for no one. 
I dont want to see another grown man whimpering in the parking lot because they sold out of Brisket.
THERE'S NO CRYING IN BBQ.Delicious barbecue in a no thrills location.  Very small staff that is attentive.  
The brisket is amazing. I prefer the lean brisket, but you can also order burnt ends brisket, or a fattier version.  
There are three different sauces available: vinegar, sweet, and spicy. Mixing them all together seems to make the best combo. 
The spoonbread is divine (basically a cornbread casserole). Compliments the meat well.
Limited drink availability. Luckily, there is Barq's in a glass bottle and that saves the day.Okay I get the hype now. This place is freakn delicious. It's not often I venture out to other bbq spots because I like to stay loyal to my number one place, The Joint, but today was an exception. Fortunately it wasn't crowded on this Saturday afternoon and I was able to get what I wanted right before they started selling out of food. Hungry but not starved, my husband and I decided to share a two meat plate with sliced brisket and brisket burnt ends that comes with two sides in which we ordered the corn scoop pudding or whatever it's called and the baked beans. Everything was great! Brisket was super tender and the rub on it was delicious. As far as the sides go, I would definitely order them again. Our friends with us ordered the sampler platter which in addition to the brisket had ribs and two different kinds of sausage. Superb. Hands down. A little on the pricey side for $40 but ur getting a buttload of meat and sides so hey whatever. The slaw was pretty good too. Not ur usual mayonnaise disgusting crap but it had more of a light vinegar dressing which was perfect. All in all I will definitely be returning. Come early before they run out of food or you will be disappointed!Um....WOW! This is the kinda gem you dream of finding when you visit a city. It's the kinda place that the locals all know about and visit regularly but the tourists are rarely lucky enough to find. Today they sold out by 2pm!! Damn! I got thw beef "burnt ends" and my friend got the brisket. It was sooo delicious! Normally I avoid the fat but this fat just melted in my mouth leaving behind the best flavor I have ever tasted. The baked beans were perfect. They had bite, not mushy like the usual. The corn spoonbread ridiculously good.
The decor is sparse but there is really no need for bells and whistles. The food the the star! Everyone was super friendly. The place was clean. Best food stop in New Orleans, hands down.When the lot is full BEFORE TGE PLACE OPENS and the reason I know TO COME EARLY is because I've TRIED three other times...you are SO worth the effort.  I started with the brisket, moved to the sausage, then started gasping for more at the corn spoon bread.  Thank you for taking your passion to the masses and letting us join you at the feast!I came in and was greeted by sweet smoke aroma. The staff was friendly and the place was clean. It is a no nonsense block building. I could have been on a dirt road in Alabama and just found the place that the locals love. I had the combo plate and added a rib! I went with burnt ends, pulled pork and sausage for the protein. My side was corn pudding. Let me say everything was good. I don't compare NOLA BBQ with outside NOLA BBQ. I compare NOLA BBQ against NOLA BBQ. By that standard this place is a top 3. I loved the burnt ends! The sauce selections was simple and all 3 were done well. The spicy sauce was actually spicy! I loved it. Take time to visit this place and enjoy the service and food.The brisket is soooo good. I recommend getting the mixed or fatty if you want full flavor. They only have two sauces, and alone they aren't amazing  but mix them and you have something special. The pulled pork is also excellent. The cornbread casserole thing they have is a fine side. The baked beans were a little al dente for my taste but the flavor was nice. The downside of this place is their limited hours and propensity to sell out of items.Hands down, best in the city.  No one else is even close.  Brisket and pulled pork are beyond perfect.It should come as no surprise that New Orleans is known worldwide for it's creole and Cajun delicacies and comfort food.  What we are generally not associated with is being known for good BBQ.  However, things are slowly changing as New Orleans has had its fair share of BBQ restaurants open these past few years.  But none of them, and I mean NONE of them can stand toe to toe with the quality of the food at NOLA Smokehouse.
After a month or so of listening to the chatter on Yelp, I opted to go there.  I am familiar with the area, but the restaurant is located in a very unassuming building on the corner of Jackson Ave and Annunciation, and there is no signage to speak of.  But just roll down your window and let your nose lead the way to BBQ bliss, as the smoke trail is undeniable.
I am glad my 1st trip was not alone, as I was able to order the BBQ sampler and share this monstrosity of a meal in an effort to sample most of the menu items.  Our platter included:
BEEF BRISKET - I'll put this brisket against anything that the Food Network has to offer.  The smoke ring permeates about a 1/2 " deep into the meat and it's tender and juicy as heck.  Smoked to perfection, sauce is optional and always served on the side.
PULLED PORK - The pork is literally melt in your mouth tender.  Although chopped/shredded, there are still big enough pieces to sink your teeth into.
SAUSAGE - Even though the sausage was served sliced, the pieces were still big enough to appreciate that "snap" you get when you bite into a real sausage casing.  This isn't for the faint of heart or those suffering with acid reflux, as it packs a bit of a spicy punch.
PORK RIBS - These were some of the best ribs I have ever eaten.  As delicious as they were, so was the presentation in the way that they were sliced so that you could see the smoke ring penetration.  Put your fork down, as the meat is gonna slide ride off of the bone.
BURNT ENDS - Prior to my 1st visit, I had never heard of a burnt end.  
Burnt ends are popular in Kansas City and are the flavorful bits of meat cut from the point half of a smoked beef brisket; and they are considered a delicacy, and rightfully so.  These little cubes of heaven all have a decent amount of charred bark on one end and a small layer of fat underneath; both of which reside on top of the flavorful beef brisket.  You'd be wrong to think that the char implied toughness or dryness, as they are moist, melt in your mouth tender and delicious.  Try the spicy BBQ sauce for a real treat or enjoy the smoky flavor all by itself.  I've been here 6 times, and after having shared the sampler platter, I have gotten the burnt ends every single time thereafter. They are simply that good.
PORK BELLY - I had never tried pork belly either prior to my 1st visit here.  Although I thought it was pretty good, and I ate every morsel, I think it's a bit of an acquired taste.
BAKED BEANS - I am not a "baked beans guy", as I don't like to fill myself up on side dishes, when there's quality meats being served.  But the beans were solid and flavored just right.
CORN SPOONBREAD - This delightful treat was a pleasant surprise.  Imagine a warm cornbread pudding.  More of a warm dessert than a side, this is some good stuff.
SAUCES - There are three sauces available.  There is sweet, spicy and traditional vinegar based BBQ sauce.  All 3 have their own redeeming qualities, but the spicy is my favorite.  However, the meat is so perfectly smoked, that I use only a touch, as I simply want a touch of "heat".
The inside of the restaurant is nothing to write home about, same as the outside.  But it's functional and this place is all about the food and not the décor.  I am glad to see the place is prospering, as I encountered a full house today, and a line of people ahead of me.  But no matter how long the line is, I will wait, as I have sampled the smoky goodness inside.  However, the word is out, some come early if you don't want to wait.
Let me know what you think!  As for me, this is my go to spot for BBQ!I started coming to this nondescript building for delicious food when I caught wind of it on Twitter.
I live in the neighborhood and after the first time, I was absolutely hooked. I've been here at least a dozen times and it never, ever disappoints. 
The brisket sandwiches are my personal favorite. Loaded to the brim with tender, flavorful meat, I feel like I get more than my money's worth of deliciousness. I love how the sandwiches come undressed and they kind of allow you to add or subtract as much as you want with sauce or any accoutrements. (My personal favorite is the sweet sauce - the right amount of vinegar, sugar and a bit of heat.)
The corn spoon bread has been dubbed "corn crack" by my boyfriend and I. We can almost eat just that for lunch and be satisfied.
Over all, a very solid lunch spot that leaves you full and satisfied for hours.It took me a while to make it here, but I'm glad I finally had the opportunity to have lunch here. I love barbecue and as many have observed there's not a whole lot of good barbecue in New Orleans. I was really looking forward to trying  the smokehouse since the reviews of it are uniformly good. 
 The place itself is exactly what one might expect with a barbecue joint. It is quite Spartan, spare but clean. The focus is clearly on the food, not the surroundings. My friend and I decided to share a sampler platter which is not inexpensive but not outrageous either at approximately $40. I say not outrageous because there was plenty of meat on the platter.  
My favorite was probably the so-called burnt ends Which are essentially the ends of the brisket. They were extremely flavorful, juicy,  and full of smoke. The brisket itself was a little disappointing, not real smoky and very dry. They use a flat cut brisket as opposed to the whole brisket rendering the meat  a little on the dry side since the other muscle contains all the fat. The ribs were above-average although a little undercooked. By that I mean they didn't quite fall off the bone as I would've expected. The pulled pork was excellent.
 I also liked the three sauces provided. I particularly like the fact that the sauces are all on the side so you can add as you choose. And all the sauces were true to the BBQ tradition in other words no Ketchup style sauces foisted on the masses by corporate food giants from the North. 
The side dishes were a bit disappointing. The coleslaw was well below average although I have very high standards for coleslaw. The savory bread putting likewise was not my favorite. The corn pudding was excellent no question about that. There was also something called sugarcane caviar? It was a little weird frankly. Creative but weird. For some reason I just did not take a liking to it.
But all in all it was a successful foray into barbecue cooking. Is it the best I have ever had? Absolutely not. But if you have a hankering for barbecue, you'll get at least a little satisfaction here.New Orleans has longed for a BBQ joint of this level of smokey goodness. Unlike many other southern cities, New Orleans lacks culinarily in the BBQ department. No more!!!! NOLA Smokehouse is perfect all the way around. I went at 11 o'clock on a Friday and only waited about 5 minutes. I got the sampler platter and split it with one other person and it was WELL worth it. It comes with a sample of all meats and sides and there is more than enough to go around. I highly recommend the brisket and the pulled pork but it is all equally delicious. A bit pricey (if you look at that sort of thing), but you truly get what you pay for and you can tell that the chef puts his heart into his work. Great place!I love this place. It's now stop #1 when friends and family visit town. The fact that it's in my 'hood helps matters. But the reality is that it's better BBQ: better than Squeal, better than the Joint.
The prices are initially a little high, but once you see the amount of food, you'll be happy with your purchase. The sampler that they claim "serves two" could actually serve four, although it is a little light on the sides. If there's one thing I would change it would be to add some more spoonbread, baked beans, and slaw to the sampler. There's no reason to waste all the packaging on a half-full container, and there's not enough sides to accompany the amount of meat that comes with it.
As for the meat. Wow. Nevermind the sides. They could serve the meat without sides and I'd still give it five stars. Every variety and cut melts in your mouth with a perfect amount of smokiness. Ribs are my usual BBQ go-to, and they're amazing at the Smokehouse. Brisket is typically too dry for me and I've never been impressed with fresh smoked sausage at other BBQ joints. Both of these are mindblowingly good at the Smokehouse. I think they've converted me to a brisket-eater, as long as the brisket is coming out of their smoker. And the boudin and smoked sausage are good enough to make you pass on most other sausages in town to come here for theirs.
There just isn't a food at this place that is' perfect. Pro-tip: they sell out every day, and especially early on Fridays, Saturdays, and holidays. So don't think you can stroll in late for dinner. If you want it for dinner, pick it up at noon and toss it in the oven when it's dinnertime.NOLA Smokehouse is by far the best barbaque in New Orleans.
Nothing more really needs to be said,  but I'm going to say more anyway:
It's the only place I've seen burnt ends available.  
The pulled pork is fantastic. Its the reason I only want bbq here now.  It couples great with the Steen's cane syrup cole slaw. 
The spoonbread is the best thing I've ever had, ever.  It is addictive.  I can consume mass quantities of the stuff if left unsupervised. My husband knows that he cannot eat here without me if he does not bring home spoon bread.  
Every once in a blue moon they do a reservation-only steak night.  Delicious.  Delicious, as in  best rib-eye I've ever eaten delicious. 
Gumbo?  Oh yes. On occasion it is available and it is a warm bowl of bbq chickenand sausage comfort.  
And on top of all that,  the people are awesome.  They are super-friendly and super-nice.  You will never get rude service here. Family owned and operated and it shows. 
The minimalist decor reinforces that fact that the quality of the food is the number one priority.  They conscientiously source their meats and veggies from what I understand.  Studies have shown that happy animals have tastier meat.  Maybe that's their secret.  
20 oz coke products are available.  No fountain drinks.  I think they have barqs in a glass bottle too. 
The menu changes daily. Call or check facebook if you are heart-set in one thing in particular.   
They almost always sell out and generally don't make it far past lunch time.  So, if you want to experience the wonderful things that this man can do with a smoker and some excellent quality meats, get there early.Fantastic brisket-and I'm exceedingly picky with brisket.  I didn't think it needed the sauce but chose the spicy sauce so dipped a few bites in that. I had it on French bread. For sides I chose the slaw and corn spoon bread. I've never had spoon bread and this was great! It has the consistency of bread pudding but is salty, savory and slightly sweet from the corn. I loved the slaw. This is a simple slaw which I prefer-without a lot of extra *stuff* in it- and just creamy enough to make it meld. It was not too vinegary which many slaws are here in NOLA.  I'll definitely be back to get brisket in bulk to go and because I want to try the baked mac n'cheese, one of my guilty pleasures!The smoke sampler platter is real deal. And the waitress is a sweetheart. Everyone left with a big smile.Thank you Chef Rob! That was legit. Best brisket I've ever had (means something, coming from a Texas native). Very tender, great flavor.
The pork butt and sausage were also delicious. We tried both sauces, each happy with our selection, and enjoyed our sides (mac and cheese, red skin potato salad). 
The restaurant is open 11 til they run out; we got there opening day around noon and had luck. Go early.Nola Smokehouse is exactly what I was looking for.
For years New Orleans had a lackluster selection of BBQ restaurants. It seems Nola is slowly starting to become more of a BBQ town and for that, I am grateful.
I happened upon Nola Smokehouse as a direct result of Yelp. Apparently they haven't been open too long and their page has been plastered on Yelp's front page for a few weeks. When I had a craving for BBQ last week, I remembered the name and headed to Jackson Avenue.
The building is rather unassuming from the outside. The only clue of what was in store for me was the amazing aroma and smoke wafting over the wooden fence out back. As I walked in, I knew I was in for a treat. The restaurant is somewhat Spartan on the inside, but that is exactly how I like it. This is not some fancy pretentious place. It is a casual, perfectly appointed restaurant with damn fine BBQ.
Since I was in a serious mood for BBQ, I opted for the three meat plate. My meats were sliced brisket, pulled pork and pork belly (a first for me as a BBQ dish). While they were preparing my plate, the chef was more than happy to talk BBQ with me and offer his tips. He also informed me that he will start doing BBQ classes on the weekends where participants get to eat the food they learn to cook. Sounds like a pretty good way to spend two hours on a Saturday. Back to the food.
While he was slicing the brisket for my plate, I was drooling like a passed out frat boy. That brisket looked and smelled absolutely amazing. The five minute ride back to my office seemed like it took an hour as the smell coming from my food made me want to violate the speed limit by 50 mph. I couldn't get back to my office fast enough.
Brisket
That brisket was amongst the best I have ever had in my entire life. I thought I made a good brisket on my Big Green Egg, but after one bite I realized I know nothing. The smoke flavor was perfect. The bark was perfect. The brisket was the perfect tenderness. Am I gushing? Yes. It was that good. So good that I tried to get more today only to realize they're closed on Monday. Oh well, there is always tomorrow.
Pulled Pork
The pork, like the brisket had an incredible smoky taste. Most times I've had pulled pork locally it lacks that smoke flavor and has little taste without sauce. Nola's version is perfectly seasoned and smoky. I bet it would make a great batch of nachos or sandwich as well as being great by itself.
Pork Belly
OK, here is what I've learned. Despite several attempts, I am not a fan of pork belly. This wasn't the fault of Nola Smokehouse. It's just one of those things I can't take in large doses. The pork belly slider at District is great, but that portion is enough for me. If you are a fan of pork belly, I would imagine you would love this version. It was melt in your mouth tender and had a great taste. 
I absolutely loved the brisket and pork here. I have a feeling I will become a regular quite soon.
Note: The three meat plate is a massive quantity of BBQ. If you are really hungry, or want to share, I recommend you get that size.Everyone is right- the brisket is amazing and the other meats are delicious too! My BBQing husband just said "his food is perfect". Oh my corn spoon bread- get your own, it is too good to share!Outstanding!  My husband and I got the platter so that we could try a little bit of everything.  Well, it was a lot of everything!  This platter had much bigger portions than the platter at McClure's on Magazine.  The brisket was by far the best in town!  Everything was moist, smoky, and just delish!  The sides were also good.  Be sure to try the burnt tips.  We will be back!