Went to Nole' for something a little different than the normal New Orlean's cuisine. It did not disappoint! Mexican dishes with New Orlean's flair. Our waitress, Kelsey, was amazing, genuinely friendly and had great suggestions. We started with the blue crab street corn, an absolute must if you visit Nole'. For entrees we had the oyster tacos, so good, and the fried chicken fajitas. I wouldn't really call them fajitas, but I would call it some of the best fried chicken I've ever had, so crispy on the outside, yet the meat was so juicy you could just pull it off the bone. Would definitely return to Nolé next time I visit!!!I have high hopes for this place. The nachos were good and the drinks were awesome. I recommend the green chile mule. The carnita and fried oyster tacos were delicious.Excellent food and service!  To tell you how perfectly seasons the food is: my husband, who salts everything, did not even LOOK for salt!  My chicken mole was awesome!  The guacamole with the smoked pecans on top was great (and we're from Texas).  Our waiter was terrific, even running out to the street after us with the umbrella I had forgotten!  I only wish I could remember his name; he was fantastic!  We will tell all our NOLA friends to come by and try!Pros: the design of the space is really lovely, and service was excellent. Cons: the salsas and guacamole are not fresh, the Mex-NOLA fusion doesn't work very well. All great Mexican restaurants worth their salt take great pride in their fresh and delicious salsas. In fact, most have an employee making fresh salsa throughout the day. Unfortunately, the salsas at Nolé we're clearly AT LEAST 2-3 days old. The nachos that we ordered were topped with a big scoop of brownish guacamole, hidden under a ladle of cream sauce. This color of guacamole would never be served in my house, not to mention any quality Mexican establishment. The fried chicken on the bone fajitas don't work. No peppers and onions, pre-made flour tortillas (yuk), and the side salsas were BAD. I hope that this is just a fluke of being a new restaurant, but with so many excellent choices in town, they better be more concerned with achieving food quality and freshness or else they won't make it.Excellent food, great service. The jalapeño margarita was delicious. The nachos are a must. Especially with the shredded chicken. I ordered 2 tacos for a dinner and was totally satisfied.We enjoyed a beautiful Mother's Day brunch for our visit!  The new décor is beautiful.  The menu was limited for Mother's day but we enjoyed the Nole' Benedict and Chorizo Croissant. Bottomless mimosas are a plus!! Service was great and friendly.  Definitely planning on returning to try the dinner menu!The new spot is amazing. My wife made a reservation here for dinner with friends and I was surprised at how good everything was. I had never heard of the place until then but I certainly will never forget it now. We all sampled a few of the drinks. The top shelf margarita was excellent however I have to say that once we sampled the frozen blackberry margarita it became everyone at the tables favorite, let's just say I'm glad we took an Uber! The salsa sampler was a unique twist which we all enjoyed. The chicken tinga tacos honestly were the best chicken tinga I've ever tried in my life and those of you who know me know that Mexican food is my favorite so let's just say I've had my fair share of tinga tacos. :) The red snapper mole dish was another one of our favorites and certainly worth a try. Everyone could not stop talking about how good everything was at the end of the meal. We will certainly be going back to this new hot spot. 
P.S. They also have an amazing patio and great happy hour menu for those nice afternoons!Love the atmosphere and decor. Avocado salad didn't have a lot of avocado. Guacamole was difference but good.First time dining at Nole and we can't wait to go back!  Our server told us how much she enjoyed the street corn, we tried it and it was awesome! The tacos, guacamole, tamales and margaritas were all delicious too!  Service, ambiance, the hostesses, and our server were all wonderful!  Great place!  See you soon!I love kris with a k! He is the heart of the nolé!! I recently went with one my friends on what I presumed to be taco Tuesday. It was 4:00 and when I checked the website it said they were closed until 5:00. Bummer. So we ended up going to another spot to get drinks and wait. When I arrived at 5:00 I saw others had already been sitting and eating! Apparently there's a "soft lunch" but that wasn't mentioned on the site. Any who, I really think nolé needs to incorporate some kind of deal for taco Tuesday because there are so many other places with deals. 10 dollars for 2 tacos is crazy unless there are some immaculate tacos on the menu. I recommended my friend get a sangria because I had one before and really enjoyed it. When it arrived to the table it was very orange and she said it tasted like orange juice. I was like "man! You have to come back when kris with a k is here!" Then kris appears on his off day and I told him about the drink and he brought it back to the bar and replaced it! I ordered nachos as my appetizer and they were okay. There were really HUGE pieces of meat that look like they were supposed to be shredded and after the first layer of chips everything was pretty dry. The prickly pear frose was really good!The food was really good and this was a wonderful dining experience! Piggybacking off previous yelp reviews, we ordered the oyster and fish tacos, and the guacamole. 
Tacos were exceptionally good and we ended up ordering more. Highly recommend!The food is really delicious!! Good variety. Fair prices. 
We sat outside and there were flies everywhere, all over the food. They need a fan or something to keep the flies away. Would be 5 stars if the flies were not such a nuisance.I really enjoyed Nole. It has a different take on Latin food than any other place in the city and definitely has New Orleans cuisine flair throughout the menu. Their guacamole has pecans in it which is different and it was super fresh and delicious. I love the salmon and veggies. It has a great seasoning and overall flavor. I could not stop eating it! My favorite out of the munchies was the tres queso quesadilla. It was filled to the brim with chicken and cheese. YUM! My fav taco was the oyster taco.  
I can't stress enough how I love the renovation. It is very airy yet warm and inviting. The bar area is super cool with a succulent wall and a fun neon sign illuminating it. They also have a really nice patio area with plenty of seating. 
I can't wait to go back for happy hour and get some drinks and apps!Definitely a great atmosphere to hang out and have drinks. There is a happy hour menu for drinks. Food is overall decent. The corn appetizer had a lot of flavor, the ceviche tasted good but there was barely any seafood in the dish and the queso was good. My friends liked their tacos and fried chicken fajitas entree. I had the red snapper entree and it was perfectly cooked. There's also a nice seating area outside!Terrible experience!  I ordered the Nole Chicken Mole, and it was anything but.
The Chicken was deep fried and had a sparse drizzle of what, I suppose, was supposed to be a mole sauce.  There was not much of it, and I was unable to really dissect the spices. I did not, for example, taste any chocolate, a traditional element in mole sauce.
The predominant taste and texture was that of a chili powder-based flour coating for fried chicken.  Mole dishes are traditionally simmered in the sauce and the flavors permeate the chicken and tenderize the meat.
There didn't seem to be a lot of concern either. The server did offer to bring me something else, only after I pushed the issue, but the tone was perfunctory.  I don't know if the server discussed the issue with the manager, but I received a similar response from the manager. When he came to the table his comment was along the lines of "everything is good, right."  More or less telling me the response that HE wanted, rather than being truly interested in a customer's feedback.  I reiterated my point that this was more like fried chicken, not mole, but the point was lost. I was more pissed off by the misrepresentation of a traditional dish, and not being listened to. So I attempted to reiterate my point by telling the manager that this was like McDonald's chicken mole--fry the chicken and add the special sauce!  
A piece of advice to the owners: Don't cheapen a traditional dish and try to pass it off. And listen to your customers. We are not idiots!This place is amazing and Kris (with a K) is an amazing host,bartender, server , and all of that! The food was fresh I went during happy hour and got the pitcher of frozen margarita for only $15 & a quesadilla that was great! Oh yeah and you have to try the quest!We have tried this place several times. Do not eat here if you don't have time. Each time, it took almost 40-60 to get our appetizers and drinks. They will bring everything out at once. The food is hit or miss. The first time, the chorizo queso was great, the second time it was watered down and tasted like lumpy flour and cheese. I like the pork rinds to dip with, they are fresh and hot. We tried the tacos which were pretty good.  The food is decent but not worth the wait.The food was amazing and the service was great! Arian was an awesome server. She's very attentive and took great care of us. The pecan carnitas tacos were delicious and so was the street corn.Went there with my 7 year old. The place is super cute, but the food is sub-par. $5-9 dollars for one taco that was average at best. Service was average, waiter was very unenthusiastic. Won't got back. Liked it so much better when it was the cheesecake bistro.Excellent  Cajun Latin food, fun atmosphere, waitress was super friendly and helpful!The food and the drinks were good. The queso was mediocre but the rest of the food was good. The bad part about my experience was the service and management. There was a Facebook and an Instagram post (TODAY) stating that it was taco Tuesday. There were $4 tacos and other drink specials. We get to the restaurant and not only did the server not know what we were talking about, but a manager also told us this was not a thing and there are no taco deals only what's on the menu. This is extremely poor customer service and management, especially since their social media team screwed up. They did not choose to put the guests first to make up for their mistake.So I am loving Nolé and the vibe it has.  I attended an event here and had to go back to check the food out and yes it was still amazing. Celebrating birthdays during happy hour turned out to be a very good choice. 4-7 is more than enough time to celebrate. 
The food was delicious. I enjoyed the quesadilla and the bread pudding and I was a happy girl. the guacamole is a must order. Enjoyed it both times I have been here. It's really filling and so worth the $$.  White sangria, tequila and rum chatta shots to bring in a new chapter. Staff was friendly and took great care of us. 
Definitely a hangout place for us with good food and great drinksTremendous fusion is Mexican and NOLA flavors. Large space tastefully decorated. Wait staff was extremely knowledgeable and had excellent recommendations. The queso app with andouille and chorizo was great. Blackened chicken tinga tacos with pineapple perfect. Looking forward to my next visit!This spot is receiving 4 stars for me  (food (OK) and customer service, sexy outside selection + 1 strong star in the affordable alcohol portion ALONE! Here's why!
#1. Their Frozen Margarita in my opinion is a good.one. I don't feel robbed out of alcohol after drinking. (I come during Happy Hour so I can get two for $10) . I get to feel good with my frozen margaritas. #2. The  Sangria is amazing. The white Sangria is not peach flavored and I was over the moon excited about this one. #3. Parking on st. Charles can be soooo whack! So this spot got it right! Yes, parking is Validated! Picture it: you got on your sexy flowing sundress (body looking great amongst the sun) or you got your fresh white crisp hat and linen pants with your sunshades and boom you hand your keys to the valet!  Amazing. That's the type of day it was. I have noticed when they are crowded this spot can get hectic very fast amongst their staff but I must say it is definitely an experience!Everything is so amazing!!! The atmosphere, the food, the drinks.... everything! You definitely have to get the chorizo queso omgggg my mouth watering just thinking about itI recently went to Nole on my lunch break.  I have to say I really enjoyed it.  They provide free valet parking, which on a hot summer day in dress clothes was a life saver.  They asked us our preference on seating, we chose a booth.  Our server greeted us quickly and immediately made suggestions on what app we should get, as we were indecisive he gave us his top 3, but he was most enthusiastic about the Blue Crap Street Corn.  He wasn't wrong, they were so good, I found myself scooping up the sauce with my fork.  For our meal I chose 3 tacos, again a reference from the server, who really knew his stuff.  Fish, Carnitas, and Oyster: they meat was so well and tender and seasoned perfect.  As we were walking out I saw a "shot glass tree" and had to ask the bartender what it was.  Turns out he was the bar manager and he was super friendly and he explained how the tree worked and also explained the happy hour menu to me.  
Good Food, Great Staff, Nice Happy Hour, and a Very Cool environment.  I will be back soon and have already asked some coworkers if they want to check out the happy hour!Service was quite slow despite not being very busy at all, we were tucked away in the back and the only people back there. Luckily my party wasn't in a hurry and we were all catching up, but if you're in a hurry I recommend telling your server as you are seated!
Despite the slower service, the food made up for it. Everything was great! The queso with chorizo was amazing, as was the street corn. I only tried the chicken tinga taco and that had nice flavor. 
Cute little Instagrammable wall there as well. Will be back!First time at Nolé and it was great! We had queso, fried okra and friend chicken fajitas. All food was delish!! Red sangria was very good!!!  Cornelius was our server and her was the BOMB!!! Super sweet and accommodating. Ask for him if you go!!You know... as much as someone might be so sad to see Cheesecake Bistro leaving the corner unit between St. Charles and St Andrew street, I am so so so glad that Nole came and filled the spot! Nole is another modern Mexican restaurant in town but their unique touch is the conglomeration of Mexican and Louisiana cuisine. 
I have never been to this place, even when it was Cheesecake Bistro, until this year but I was surprised at the size of the restaurant. It is really rare to see a new restaurant being THIS big lately due to rising real estate price in New Orleans but oh my god... they have a patio, window seats, inside seats, high tables, booths, you name it and they have it. I loved their interior design as well. It is very live and energetic. So called 'Instagram worthy' spots everywhere in the restaurant.
We had salsa sampler, guac, bunch and BUNCH of blackberry margaritas , chicken tinga tacos,and a fish entree. Really cannot complain about anything at all. Chips were not greasy at all, chicken tinga inside the taco was one of the best I have ever tried, servers were attentive and I am so sorry but I cannot stop raving about their blackberry frozen margarita ahhhhhhhhhhhh! It is like THE perfect summer drink. 
Just a heads up though. If you are looking for a simple mexican dish like Fajita and regular degular burrito, Nole is not the place. They are all about their New Orleans local twist on Mexican cuisine therefore you might see something that are beyond your expectation on your plate. Come open minded and you shall enjoy your visit!New joint in my neighborhood! Brief visit for happy hour was well worth it. The stars were the tacos! Crispy Latin box (smoked brisket, mirliton, avo salsa) and Pecan smoked carnitas.As soon as your walk in your are transformed into an instagramable atmosphere, they also have an outdoor patio as well! There is tons of bright colors with modern decor. 
The staff is very friendly & you are greeted as soon as you walk in the door. We tried the chorizo & andouille queso, chips & salsa and cracklin's, and the blue crab street corn & all of it was delicious! I will definitely be back as well as the rest of my group!My husband and I were in town for a birthday celebration and came to Nolé for a private party.  What a fantastic meal!   We had a limited menu so I didn't see all their offerings but I had a red snapper dish that was delicious.  My husband had the fried chicken fajitas and those were absolutely the best.  Also- the hibiscus margarita was so good.....and great in that you could taste the tequila.  Definitely a great drink.  Sydney was our server for the event and she was so professional and attentive throughout the night!  If you can get a tequila tree with a bunch of people, do it!  So cool!  We really had a great time and loved the atmosphere of this place.  Thanks so much!Beautiful new latin themed restaurant on St. Charles Avenue. Valet parking available. I think your best bet would be to try this place out during happy hours as the prices were a little higher than expected during regular hours. Family enjoyed their meal selections except for the red sauce on the enchiladas (was thick & taste like tomato paste). Our server was new at her position but very nice. Margarita was good.For Happy Hour, and Wednesday is ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR, this place can't be beat!
Sit at the bar and order from Willie because he will make it even better.
$5 large pour red or white sangrias and margaritas, rocks or frozen. String and good quality.
The Nole guac was the best app to me but my husband likes cracklings so he'd vote for that again. (Cracklins and chips comes with three dips, one of which is guac but the Nole guac is totally different and amazing!)
They had the fish and the oyster tacos, both of which came with a side of rice and beans. More food than we could eat and that's only two entrees.
I also like the vibe and it's a welcome, and new, addition to this hotel that I stay at every time I'm in town. (St Charles coach). There's also outdoor seating and lights for a nice evening.My favorite place when I visited Nola. Avoided all crowds that downtown has, and enjoyed the calm and modern atmosphere. The service was fantastic and the food was to die for. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.Attended an event in thier NEW Tequila Room last night. The event paired tequila drinks with different courses (Cajun and Spanish influences). It was very well done....food was great, drinks were awesome and the NEW room...inviting. highly recommend visitingI was with a friend we both enjoyed the blackened chicken tenga. I wasn't sure what to expect and yet the meal didn't disappoint. 
The location is vibrant. The wait staff is friendly and plates are full. 
Added bonus, I posted a pic of my meal on Instagram and they shared the post.Just finished here for Mother's Day--service was incredible and food was delicious as well! Shaile, our waitress, was very kind and made our experience great! The manager also came up to our table to check in and to see how the food and service was which we appreciated. The valet staff were very efficient and professional. Nolé has only been open a month but operates like it has been there for much longer. We will be back here for sure--a great add to the city!We would like to have tried the food, but it took us over 30 minutes to get a drink and some chips. Our waitress, Felicia, was working the whole patio and was overwhelmed and somewhat indifferent. Eating down the street at Hoshun. Got my first drink in 5 minutes or less.Came on a Sunday night with some friends for dinner and had a pretty good experience. Our waitress Zoe made the night great so shoutout to her. Although she was new she did her best to give us some recommendations. The kitchen was a tad slow though for a Sunday night when the restaurant was virtually empty.
I really wanted the prickly pear frose or a mojito but I refrained for the sake of my liver. For the table we got the chips and dip trio. All of the dips were really good & the chips tasted fresh. We also got an extra batch of chips for $1 and they came out warm- super good. 
For dinner I got one chicken taco & the chicken flautas from the munchies section. It was enough food considering I ate my body weight in chips. The flautas were good but super super greasy. The chicken taco was also delicious but I wish it was on a corn tortilla. To me the food was good but it didn't taste authentic. 
I think I would come back to experience some other menu items + they have a good happy hour (a mojito pitcher for $15!) they also have nice outdoor seating and the inside is super trendy. I hope this spot stays open with the competition in NOLA.OMG, Wayne was VERY personable  & the BEST server!!! Food was awesome!! Adam came over to talk & was also VERY personable.  Great restaurant,  great atmosphere  & GREAT food!!!Get your camera's ready for this one. The vivacious vibe you get when you walk in, you will immediately want to hit the bar, grab a marg and get a photo in front of their "Nola, Yall" neon sign! 
As a marg snob (preferring more tart than sweet), I would rate this house a top 10 margarita in the city. The food is wonderful and great flavor! Four stars because every time I have been the service has been slow.I had the Paloma drink..it was tastey but definitely not the strongest for the price. Not sure I'd get it again. The bar tender was very friendly and the decor and aesthetic were pretty cool! I'll be back for food at some point!We ate lunch here.  The night before we ate at Commander's Palace.  I had a better meal here.  Understand Commander's was very good.  But this place has the flavors!  The guacamole is the best I've ever had.  The chips are excellent.  I had a fish taco and the shrimp and andouille flatbread.  They were like the dance of the seven veils in my mouth(this was meant to be an exotic comment but sounds kind of yucky when you read it). Anyway, the flavors were outstanding!  A very unexpected pleasure.Except for the mishap at the bar area, at a bar table, where I sat for over 5-10 minutes being ignored by the bartender, the rest of the meal was great. 
I had the chicken tinga tacos which were seasoned deliciously. I also had a Sazarac which was strong. It was my first one, so I don't have a point of reference. But it was very good. 
I also had the bread pudding dessert which was yummy. 
The table service in the dining area was excellent. And so was the service by the host/hostesses. 
The only thing I would prefer differently was complimentary chips & salsa. The chips & salsa were on the appetizer meñu instead.Incredible and underrated. We have been here three times and each time the food has been amazing. Definitely come here if you're looking for nachos.This place is awesome.  A great dining experience from the free valet parking to the yummy frozen margaritas.  Authentic Mexican cuisine in a hip garden district location. Beautiful outdoor seating and attentive servers make this place a must.  The food is awesome.  
this is an update Ryan was our server and he was awesome.Went here for Cinco de Mayo and the block party was a lot of fun. The staff was incredibly nice and the menu was interesting. However, the drinks were just ok and the same went for the food. That may have been due to the festivities, but I did find the fried chicken taco dish my friend had was tasty.I'm sooooo impressed! Both the food and service was OUTSTANDING! The setting was very modern, clean, and sexy. I ordered the nachos, quesadillas, red beans, and the bone in fried chicken fajitas. EVERY ITEM WAS DELICOUSSSS. The fried chicken was fried to perfection and they were very generous when it came to portion size. Came recommended by some friends and we were not disappointed. I was not expecting to have that great of an experience but oh was i wrong! So ready to go back!I NEVER write reviews about places but I feel prompted to here due to our terrible experience.. We were excited to try Nole, particularly their coolinary menu. Boy were we let down. The margaritas were sooooo syrupy that we left with stomach aches (a bit of foreshadowing). The queso was INEDIBLE. Seriously I would've rather melted velveeta cheese any day of the week. And the "bone in chicken fajitas" is literally just a plate of Popeyes fried chicken (but marked up). Seriously. That's not even the worst. The service was horrible- we ordered right away off of the coolinary menu but it somehow took 2.5 hours still AND, the worst part is, we got food poisoning from here. I would not recommend going here to anyone.Went for happy hour drinks, $5 a piece.  They weren't bad. We ordered cheese dip. Table to the left got theirs. Then table to our right got theirs. They arrived well after we did. So after 30 minutes of waiting, we asked for our check, which took the bartender forever to get to us. We put $11 on the counter as he cashed out other tickets and left to go to Juan's. We were one of three couples at the bar.About 2 months ago, my son and daughter in-law went here for their "Saturday Try something New" night. Having stalked the menu before they left, I gave them a to-go order of a fish taco and the salsa and cracklings appetizer. 
So my son and daughter in-law came back not impressed and I prayed that I would not feel the same. But I'm sorry to say my experience was just the same. 
I order the Salsa, Chips, and Cracklings appetizer because of the cracklings and unfortunately my "to go bag did not have any". The Salsa had no taste, the Okra Pico de Gallo was slimy and the guacamole and chips was "just there" for the ride. Horrible!!! 
Then I opened my fish taco and was like "where's the fish" it was a flour tortilla topped with what looked like a fish nugget cut in half and arranged so it looked like two pieces of breaded fish. What is going on here? 
So open to a "redo" of my order, I called the restaurant and the hostess answered. I told her what happened, she apologized and informed me that they ran out of cracklings earlier that night and again apologized for that. I asked for the manager but because it was 15 mins to closing the hostess apologized again, took down my name/number and promised that someone would call me the next day. I said thank you and went on my way. 
Sunday, Monday, Tuesday...no phone call. So Wednesday, annoyed that no one reached out to fix a customer issue, I called the restaurant again. This time it was in the middle of the day and a hostess answered, I told her my story, she apologized and put me on hold. When she came back she took down my name and number again and said someone would call me before the night was over. 
I waited and waited and no one called, disappointed and then angry because now you're disrespecting as a customer. I guess since I was over the phone lodging a complaint, I didn't matter. Now usually I would let it go by now but when I rode past the restaurant and saw where it was and that it was still open, I felt a compelling urge to let the readers know how this "mishmash"/mess experience was and how they treat their local customers. 
Hopefully, others have had a better experience and have something to right home about, because I sure don't. 
Thanks, MarieGreat food and great entertainment at the DRAGcula brunch!!  Service was awesome and always kept our drinks filled without asking!I have now been to Nolé multiple times & have had great experiences each time. I most recently went to Nolé to celebrate my birthday. The ambiance is great - the space is cute & colorful (very Instagram-able!). The margaritas are delicious- I've now had the house, the blackberry, & the frosé (my favorite!). The guacamole is really good, even with the unusual addition of pecans. However, my favorite are the flautas with avocado dipping sauce. Every time, I get the flautas with a side of cilantro rice & beans. It never disappoints. The service here is also amazing- I have enjoyed every server I've had here! Would highly recommend to others.I went here a couple weeks ago with a group of friends and had one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had. I was impressed at first by the bartenders which is the only reason I would go back. We were seated and it took forever for our sever to take our order. Once our appetizers came out, they were so small, most of our small party didn't get the opportunity to try some of them. Once we put our main entrees in, mine came out completely wrong. My server then proceeded to tell me he heard me wrong and thought I ordered something completely different. My friend and I ordered chicken mole to split and ended up with something completely different. He took it back and brought back this strange breaded chicken dish covered in what I thought was hormel chili. It was gross. I also heard complaints from other friends I was with saying their brisket enchiladas were almost inedible and full of fat. Even worse, I ordered a single tall kettle soda with lemons and was brought back a half full glass with straight vodka. The service is horrible and the food is subpar, yet the prices are on the high side. I was warned about going here from others but wanted to give it a chance. It's only good for that hola nola photo and nothing else. Hopefully they get it together before it shutters.My sister and I came here for Easter Sunday dinner. Our servers Zach and another two guys took care of us. We ordered the blue crab corn - delicious! I ordered the fish tacos based on reviews also.My favorite would the fried chicken fajitas. The chicken was not too salty and so tender! I can't wait to come back to try the tamales and paella. I'll be back for sure!Great service! We had Erica today and it was great experience! The food was great! The vibe and ambience was awesome! 
We had the duck confit empanadas, tacos and the bottomless sangria! 
All in all a wonderful place.I recently hit this place up for dinner with a friend. Had heard mixed reviews but figured I'd try it out (being that it's a Copland's restaurant) can be to bad. Which it wasn't. Before I start let me jus say that in no way is this Latin American food as they advertise, it's Tex Mex New Orleans style at best. We started with the Mexican street corn, I must say it's definitely a must try if you go. You get 3 corns on the cobs seasoned, sprinkle cheese, and a pink sauce drizzled on top. I confess looked so good I forgot to tak a pic but got one of what was left lol. I had the nachos, which are huge, they were really good. They come chicken, Tasso, pico, beans, n cheese. To drink we had mojitos, were not good at all. Service was decent. Overall it was ok, just OK. No rush to go back, at all.There won't be a next time- portion size terrible - server was overwhelmed and never apologized for the cold food - she sent the Manager out and still no apologies- just asked that I give them a 2nd chance - NOT!!!  Party of 7 - hardly ordered anything - $214.00 - beautiful location and free valet parking - possibly the worst experience ever in NOLA - back to the drawing board guys!!!Fantastic place & my first time review here. We came on a Wed night and Margaritas are only $5. ( and very good!) We split the the natchos which are piled high as well as the crab corn ( no I couldn't taste the crab but it was still great and it's 3 pieces so great to share). We decided to try the choc desert and it was good! I will be back - and as long as it remains this good, back many times. I can't wait to try other items on menu! Everything- the waiter, the food, the decor was outstanding and our bill tonight was sooo reasonable. It gets 5 stars plus- Think it will be a go to for a whileIt's unfortunate that I have to write this review. I first came here for an event months ago and everything was good. Fast forward to my most recent visit, the food was awful and the service was even worse. The only reason for the 2 stars is because I really enjoyed my cucumber jalapeño margarita. The other guests didn't like theirs and thought it was too sweet. Our server seriously was acting like he was high or something...he was really dingy and went missing at times. I ordered the chicken quesadillas...mushy, bland and terrible. We shared an order of queso. I liked it and ordered more but it never arrived. I confirmed with the server on two separate occasions and he said my order was in. He then went missing for about 30 minutes and I had to catch him to ask a 3rd time. He started talking in a fast, low and indecipherable voice. We all gathered that he didn't put the order in. At that point, I told him to just forget it. Other than my margarita, the valet guys were the only other positive because they were very professional and speedy.Good food but horrible service. Took 30 minutes to get a drink and waiter never checked on our table. Will not be returningFirst, I never leave bad reviews. This place was a special kind of terrible. Tl;dr version: My friends and I are polite and easy customers. The server and manager were shockingly rude, then the food was super greasy and sub-par (even for texmex). 
Here's the story: I went with two friends of mine for dinner on August 15th because one of them lives nearby and had been wanting to try it. Nole was participating in coolinary, so they were a little busier at the time. No problem. My friends and I work in healthcare now, but have all worked in the service industry in the past, so we make it a point to be polite and respectful with staff at bars and restaurants we go to. This was one of the worst customer service experience I've ever had. 
The space was decent, well lit and the tables weren't crowded. The hostess was friendly and polite. After we were seated, it was downhill from there. I have type 1 diabetes and asked if they would be able to do just a tequila with soda water for me instead of the sugary margarita that came with the meal. I know that they probably haven't been asked this before, but I explained the reason I was asking, that well tequila would be fine, and that I wasn't trying to be difficult or get any upgrades here. The server (30s, White dude with dark brown hair, less common name) started saying 'absolutely not' before I'd even finished speaking. I was really surprised and confused, since it was a cheap and easy swap (customer service 101) and I wasn't expecting that kind of quick and unapologetic response. I asked if he understood why and what I was asking and he just repeated that they weren't going to do it. I asked to speak to the manager, who talked with the server for a minute before coming to our table. I explained what I was asking again and he said that he stood by what the server had told us and that they weren't going to make an exception. Wow. So I said ok, ordered a tequila soda with lime separately, and asked them to bring the margarita I'd be paying for anyway (came with the coolinary meal) so that at least my friends could drink it. We all needed drinks after that. 
I was hoping the food would make up for all that, but it was just gross. I'm sure they can pull off chips and salsa and mediocre tacos like anywhere else, which is what I should have ordered in hindsight. Instead I ordered the flautas and a soup/ stew. The outer shell of the flautas was saturated through with grease and the filling reminded me of the mystery meat in a Taco Bell "beef" taco. Then the stew had a layer of grease/ fat across the top like when you microwave pizza. The flavor of the stew wasn't bad, but nothing I'd order again or recommend. 
Idk. I was just shocked by the horrible customer service. Please do yourself a favor any go anywhere else. I'd recommend Santa Fe on Esplanade if you're craving Mexican, but even Aranya on Magazine beats this place.Great renovation of the previous space. Somewhat sleek but not in a pretentious way, with little rustic touches throughout. Felt open and spacious but still warm and inviting. Now for the food....the guacamole was super fresh and tasty. Love that cracklins are thrown in with the chips for the trio of salsas. Also had the smoked chicken quesadilla which had just a hint of subtle smoky flavor. For main dishes we tried the chile rubbed ribeye and the fried chicken fajitas. We didn't try to create fajitas with the fried chicken (something boneless would work better for this) but the flavor was on point. You might be reminded of Popeyes chicken, but it's quite different. A good bit of spice and a nice earthy herbal flavor giving way to a solid crunch. Can they sell just the chicken in an 8-piece plz?! The ribeye had a good bit of fat and marbling but was super tender and flavorful. And for drinks - we tried the different frozen beverages offered, the blackberry margarita and the prickly pear frosé, and enjoyed both. The blackberry one has a lovely tart and tangy flavor and the prickly pear one is just a little bit sweet. We enjoyed this first visit and are looking forward to returning!REALLY wanted to like this cute new place but was unfortunately disappointed from start to finish. 
Upon sitting down to the table we both noticed we had filthy drinking glasses. Luckily waitress also noticed and swapped them for the ones at the next table. 
Feel bad for whoever ended up sitting there.
Ordered drinks and appetizer which was the chorizo queso. While the two fried okra sticking out of the queso were great I have to say the queso itself and the chips were less than mediocre. The queso was more of a bean dip with a thick cold hard layer of cheese across the top. I can best compare it to the velveeta, rotel, Hormel dip you see bubbling over in a crockpot in someone's kitchen at a Super Bowl party. 
The chips themselves were basically Tostitos with Tony Chacheres sprinkled on top. 
My house margarita was decent but the tiny paper straw threw me. It was only about 4 inches tall and thick like a bubble smoothie straw. It softened immediately and I had to put it to the side rather than try to use it.
For entrees my husband got the fish tacos which he said were "just ok" and I got the nachos. While there were some impressive options on the menu I figured they would do a great nacho. Wrong. Again with the Cajun seasoned tortilla chips but bland meat and red beans made for very dry inedible nachos. I had to ask for hot sauce just to add a little flavor. 
Now on to the highlights and the reason I was able to give a couple stars. The restaurant is very beautiful but got loud fast. 
The red sangria was perfect. Not too sweet or over powering. 
The tres leches bread pudding was also great. It came to the table lukewarm so I'm not sure if it was supposed to be hot or if this was the intended temperature. 
Overall we most likely won't be back but glad to have tried it out. Wish we would've made it in during August for coolinary so the experience didn't have to cost $80This place was a great find for my wife and I who were visiting from out of town. The bbq shrimp with mole was amazing. They have a good selection of local drafts as well. Can take the St Charles streetcar from canal area which takes you right in front of the restaurant.This place is awesome.  A great dining experience from the free valet parking to the yummy frozen margaritas.  Authentic Mexican cuisine in a hip garden district location. Beautiful outdoor seating and attentive servers make this place a must.  The food is amazing.Likes: the apps! We got the guacamole and the blue crab street corn and both came out quickly.  The guacamole was pretty special with with okra and pecans in it. The street corn was very tasty (would've enjoyed the corn cooked/charred more tho). Our waiter was really sweet and attentive. We were seated promptly during happy hour and were greeted right away. The atmosphere was really cool and stylish too. House marg on the rocks was very tasty. Good happy hour prices. 
Dislikes: the frozen house marg was very salty and not very strong booze-wise. Limited choice of sides kinda sucked (just two types of beans and green rice). I ordered an oyster and a fish taco (I eat pescatarian) and a chicken tinga taco came in the oysters place but I didn't know it until after a bite into it. Although the waiter was apologetic and swiftly and kindly replaced it, it was not comped from our ticket. The tortillas were underdone and cracked down the middle when I ate it. Very bland too. (Spicy cabbage?? No way) My date's brisket  enchiladas (as he described them) were more like manicotti from an Italian restaurant. The Mexican flavors were totally lost and he found the brisket was chewy and not what you would imagine smoked brisket to be. 
Overall: I like what theyre going for and might return one day for happy hour drinks and apps or with a large group in a pinch who aren't as discerning in their tastes...hope they can turn it around over the next several months of opening. I wish them luck and encourage them to ramp up the flavor to honor both culinary traditions of New Orleans and Mexican cuisine.Great food and great service. Food prep and presentation like a $$$ resteraunt for a $$ price. Latin atmosphere with a hung of New Orleans flare!!JERMIE is the best server EVER!!! he was very polite, funny, and educated on the menu! I came for my birthday and it was best experience and service ever. 10/10 recommend the restaurant and be sure to ask for him as your server!Really enjoyed the atmosphere and concept of this restaurant. Service was fantastic and everyone was friendly. I had the fried oyster tacos which were good. Kids menu was good as well.  Overall good experience.Holy guacamole! What a great lunch!! Not only was our server attentive, not only were the drinks perfect, but the food was fantastic!!! We were a party of four and had two different types of tacos, a quesadilla, and the heaping nachos. Everything was amazing and authentic!! I highly recommend Nolé!! (We had stayed in the St. Charles Coach House the night before, which Nolé is attached to, and just decided to try it on a whim. SO glad we did!!!)This was our first visit here and it was right after the Saints game today, The atmosphere is very pleasant however a bit cold, but management change that right away upon request. Our server was ALI SHE WAS EXQUISITE very accommodating patient and professional we will come back for her service alone!!!! Thank you so so much and GEAUX SAINTS!Absolutely delicious! The blue crab elote & cucumber jalapeño margarita is a must try! Drinks are so good! I think I tried half of them already. Top shelf margaritas are great! The murals are beautiful to take group pics or couple pics with! Staff is super upbeat and sweet! I love the free valet parking! Can't wait to go back and try more!Went to Nolé last night for happy hour!  On Thursdays (according to their Instagram page, it's only Thursdays) they do flights of their frozen and margaritas on the rocks.  I did the frozen flight which included the original margarita, the blackberry margarita and the prickly pear  frosé!  They were all so good-but the prickly pear frosé wA the BEST!  
We did also have the queso (which you can get without meat) and the fish tacos.  Both were good!  They have an amazing outdoor seating area too!  Our waiter was also very knowledgeable about the menu and very personable!This is still my favorite watering hole in the garden district. NOLE is a southern-mexican fusion place with some real unique flavors and good drinks. 
If you want to best bartender in NOLA, go see Will. AKA Willie. The Don of the House Margarita and he will take the best care of you with nothing but that top shelf service and quality. The best of the best.
Delicious small plates, great drinks, and an awesome staff. Check these guys out soon!Five days ago I went to an event and was served the Blue Crab Street Corn. I enjoyed it so much that before I left, I place an order Togo with three orders of Corn Fried Oyster taco. The bartender that took my order ring me up and also add and charge me for a menu item that I didn't order. It took a few minutes for him to get help fixing it. The thing about making an error and apologizing would be fine with me but he claims he gave me the wrong receipt when it was menu items I ordered plus the extra he add to my receipt and charged my card. When my to-go order finally was done , I just wanted to go home that I made the mistake to check my order. By the time I got home I realize they did not give me my corn. I only received my three tacos, my   two side of red bean and green rice and a cup of crab meat with lime aioli and creole cream cheese. I called to talk to a supervisor or manager and I was put on hold twice and both times was told manager were busy and not taking phone call at the moment. I refused a no for an answer so they put me on hold again until someone name Joe who says he was the manager. I told him what happened and he asked if I can drive back to pick up the corn. I live across the river, I am not driving back for corn. He apologized and took my name and address and claim to be sending out a gift card for the amount I paid for my blue crab street corn but I have not seen anything in the mail yet.  This makes me wonder if I actually spoken to a management or one of the bartender.Be sure to try the local fish tacos they will change your life!!!! I went there with the intention of trying the white sangria and it was so good. It was perfectFirst time coming here and I have to say the food was very good. Great atmosphere. Definitely recommend. My favorite was the fried chicken fajitas.This place has the BEST breakfast tacos I've ever eaten. This was my first time here, and the service was excellent! As soon as my group walked in the hostess was super enthusiastic and gave us suggestions to her favorites. I went with the breakfast tacos, and they were excellent in taste and in price! Guac has NOLA twist to it with pecans and tasted awesome. My friends got a bloody mary and eggs Benedict and loved their meals as well. Overall, highly suggest coming to this well decorated and fun atmosphere restaurant!