This place is great! All they do is pork Ramen and they do it well. I ordered the half spicy ramen and it was the perfect amount of spice. The pork itself is so good and has a sweetness to it that made the whole Ramen dish sweet and spicy. The pork was so tender, ti could fall apart. 
I loved the ambience with the comic strip wall and the waving cats on the top shelf bear the ceiling too! Service was fast and excellent.Don't let the small menu deter you, the available options are so delicious you don't need more! My mother-in-law and I both had the tonkatsu ramen with pickles (mustard greens I think) on the side. The broth was rich and not too salty (a fault with other local ramen spots). The marinated egg was sweet and savory and the pork was very flavorful. I can't wait to come back.This my new go-to ramen place in New Orleans. I ordered the Tonkotsu regular non-spicy ramen and it was delicious. Today was their soft opening and we were greeted immediately at the door by the owner who encouraged us to let him know our opinions. Service was very fast. I can't wait to go back and try their other ramen.Wonderful flavors in every bite. You can obviously tell that the noodles are handmade and not bought. Highly recommend the Kuro Ramen with seaweed and sweet eggs!! The edamame, while cold, is deliciously flavored with yuzu. Mochi is delicious, but a little expensive if you're not familiar with this type of ice cream. Overall, I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a new place to try the old style ramen noodle experience.I understand that they don't have much competition in NOLA, but to use instant ramen noodles (which cost less than $1) and put a $13.5 - 15 price tag on the food was pretty insulting. If they're not going to make their own noodles and cook them fresh before serving, the prices should be in the $7-8 range. I'm still giving 2 stars because the broth was okay and service was fine, but if you've had ramen in pretty much any big city I would give this place a hard passI wish I could give 0 rating. 
The service is so bad. They do not serve you what you ordered. I ordered extra things but got nothing. The place is small. 
The noddle and soup is totally not like Janpanse flavour.Services are so bad. Spaces are small. Never order extra bamboos, fish cake, and sliced pork! My wife ordered extra fish cakes. It came with no extra fish cakes. When we asked why, they said because I had fish cakes! LOL! I also did not feel like I had extra sliced porks. So ridiculous! Why my wife's fish cakes came to my bowl? When you can make mistakes, you will try to fix them. Apparently, they did not want to fix their mistakes. Avoid! I would give 0 star if I could.I really wanted to love this place but unfortunately, I was left a little disappointed. I do love the decor of this place and the workers were really nice & friendly.
Spicy Tonkatsu Broth: it was very spicy, but the broth made me crave something that had a hearty, meaty richness, instead I had this weird overpowered sweet flavor. I did not really taste any other flavors other than spicy. I felt like the broth was definitely missing a meaty, creamy, richness. I was excited that they use the thick, wavy ramen noodles instead of the thin noodles.
Toppings: The meat in the broth was similar to lean, shredded pulled pork and had a strange sweetness to it. Wish they used pork belly to make the Chashu pork instead to give the broth a nice creamy, richness burst of flavor. 
Atmosphere: It is a very casual place that can fill up fast due to limited seating, but there are stand up counter bar areas to eat too. 
Overall: I think that this place has potential once they work out a few kinks. Sadly, I'm still on the search for a good ramen place in NOLA. Might have to travel around to satisfy my ramen craving. (Shrugs)OK, I'm gonna have to agree with everyone. Nomiya does get the best ramen in New Orleans prize. I do still find the prices a little high, but they are on Magazine.
I may be the only person who is not a fan of the whole trying-to-recreate-Japan-in-New-Orleans thing with staff shouting phrases in Japanese when people come in or leave, but a restaurant could serve great Japanese food without further caricaturing a culture that is already shrouded in myths in the US and seen as being "so different" and "exotic."
I will probably be back for ramen when the craving strikes, but I can't stan for Nomiya.Eh. This place sucks. Very limited menu and pork only. Ramen bowls are overpriced, ranging from $13.5-$15. Add-ins are additional charges and they are expensive as well. To add more into the disappointment, the portion is very small and not filling at all. Meat was too sweet and the egg was oddly soggy and sweet. It has a very weird slimy, soggy texture. However, I did like the noodles and thought the broth was good. Service was ok, nothing too spectacular. The place is very small. Tables are very close to one another. So everyone can hear your conversation, which was awkward. Overall, not worth it.The ramen is great, good portion and the pork buns were delicious.  no complaints about the food whatsoever.  Service was eh, but that is to be expected for a place that is just opening and I didn't knock them for that.
The issue is the price.  2 bowls of ramen with extra eggs, 1 order of buns and no drinks and I am paying $50 after tip?  That seems a bit absurd.  The place is no frills and has a standing area to eat, yet it is no cheaper then the fancy sit down ramen places of Nola before it.  
I love ramen and will be back because it is awesome; but it'll be a rare occasion at this price and that's a shame.Love this Ramen joint. Super authentic feeling and the broth is flavorful yet not too heavy.Stopped by here with a friend looking for good eats. For the price, the ramen is decent. The broth is tasty and meat tender.  I liked the art vibes inside-- real color explosion. This place had people waiting outside, funny almost every ramen place from the west coast to here has a line! There are not many sit down tables, but they have an nice option to stand at the counters without a wait. First time doing that too.  I would still come back since there are not a lot of Asian food options in NOLA.  The portion was not satisfying. If they used fresh noodles and put more broth, I would give more stars.Get the buns! They are amazing! We all got a different ramen to try. It was wonderful being able to pick your own toppings. The service was wonderful! Everyone was so nice! They have a variety of drinks to choose from. Will definitely come back!!!While some may say 3 stars isn't good, Nomiya was exactly as it states "A-OK".
The ramen was tasty and I appreciate the waitress asking if I wanted half spice on my spicy ramen.  If that was half spice, I hate to taste full spice. It was border line overwhelming and at that point, you can hardly taste anything else.  My noodles were a bit under cooked too.    
At $14-$15 for the base soup, then a couple bucks more for some toppings, I think its overpriced. But most restaurants in this area of Magazine are overpriced so they are on par with the area. 
The space is so tiny, it feels crammed.  Be prepared to squeeze in your seat and meet your neighbors. 
I'd go back if one of my friends wanted to go, but it won't be on my list of regulars.Hopefully they will get more soup bases but this is the best in New Orleans.  True Japanese ramen noodles and tonkatsu base.The pork buns, oh my goodness, they are delicious!
Loved the atmosphere, my server was top notch, and the ramen was the best. I had the half spicy, and that was enough spice for me, haha, I will definitely come back when I'm in townInsanely good!!  I had the spicy ramen bowl and it was out of this world!!!  It's BYOB so go prepared.  The Yuzu lemonade was one of the best lemonades I have ever had!!!  The service was amazing as well.  Friendly and knowledgeableWhen I heard that a new little ramen shop was coming to Magazine St., I was excited to try it. After an AMAZING experience at Kin, my expectations were sky high. They don't open until 4, so I stuck it out for a late lunch/early dinner and walked in as soon as they unlocked the doors.
The restaurant itself is SMALL and the menu is limited, but that just made it easier for me to decide exactly what I wanted. We started with the pork buns which were amazing. The pork was falling out of them and they were so good. 
You have two choices when it comes to the ramen: Tonkotsu, which is a creamy pork broth and Geki-Kara, which is their "too-spicy" pork broth. Normally I would have gone with the spicy one, but I got the Tonkotsu this time. I tried a taste of my dining companion's "spicy" broth and it wasn't bad at all, so I might get that next time. For a few minute up-charges you can get an extra egg, seaweed, corn and other goodies added to the bowl, but I just went with the bowl without the add ons. I found the Tonkotsu really tasty- the pork was cooked perfectly and the broth was flavorful. I wished that there had been a little more food in the bowl (without having to pay extra), but I still enjoyed it. 
A few notes: there are no refills on drinks which is...odd. I had the iced tea and it's just iced tea. It's not bottled or anything. Why can't I get a refill? For 3 bucks I should be able to get at least one refill. As others have mentioned they don't have a vegan option, so hopefully they will add that in the future. Last but not least, they don't let you take any leftovers with you. I had no leftovers because a friend of mine had already warned me about this weird little quirk. I'm really glad I was super hungry when I got here at 4!
Finally: Is Nomiya is good as Kin? Short answer: Not in my opinion. Long answer: Kin has a more diverse menu, their bowl has more flavor (and it's HUGE), they give you free drink refills and they let you take your leftovers home. And y'all, leftover ramen is the best!
I'd go back to Nomiya, if they made a few changes. Otherwise, head to Kin for your ramen fix.They have really good broth! According to the menu you can tell that they really only pay attention to their ramen --- only 3 ramen options when I was there during March 2018: Pork Broth, Pork Broth with Black Garlic Oil, Too Spicy, and you can add different types of toppings to your ramen. I would strongly recommend the one with Garlic Oil; Ramen is always better with black garlic oil. 
     Their Too Spicy Ramen is truly too spicy for me and my friends. We, three people, took turns to eat the Too Spicy Ramen, trying to finish it without putting all the pain on one person, but still couldn't finish the broth. It's REALLY SPICY. Guess you'll like it if you enjoy spicy food.Expensive for a small portion of ramen in a big bowl. The broth and meat were too sweet. Also, the broth was luke warm upon arrival. Only giving an extra star because of the hostess who opened the door for me and the server who came by multiple times to make sure we were ok. Maybe I'll give it a few more months and try it again.I love that New Orleans now has more ramen restaurants. However, I am slightly disappointed at the lack of chashu (a ramen staple) and the steep prices at Nomiya. I suppose it's not cheap to run a storefront on Magazine. Taste-wise, my kuro ramen was good- the broth was rich and salty but not overly so, noodles a fair texture, but the solid slab of braised? pork was hard to eat. I was expecting boba but unfortunately, the Royal Milk tea came in a small 8 oz Sangaria can. On the bright side, the bamboo is somewhat pickled (not quite menma level, but better than plain canned bamboo). Nomiya is a good start, and far better than Little Tokyo or Noodle and Pie but still has some way to go.Beautiful and cozy place to enjoy a delicious Japanese meal. we try different plate and there was very flavorful and tasty.The place is tiny, pretty and fabulous.  There are only three ramen dishes that make up their main course offerings but each is better than the previous!
Don't forget to try the pork buns or the lemonade!!!!Great atmosphere as soon as you walk in. I ordered the edamame as an app. It was served cold which is a first for me, which it was okay. I also ordered the "Too Spicy" Ramen and it was really really really spicy but very delicious.It was just O.K. 
I would not even have reviewed if the waiter had bot out her thumbs (yes both of them) in my soup bowl when she was serving me 
Please train the staff how to serve a soup bowl. 
Also, I ordered the edamame and they did bot serve it with the yuzu sauce? 
quality control is needed for this new establishment.Cute hipster ramen joint. Honestly I don't care for ramen but I was very impressed with my spicy ramen. It had tons of flavor and umami. The Pork was very tender and flavorful. I think the broth is way better than Kin. The only complaint are their small portions and price. The restaurant has about 25 seatings. It gets busy during lunch. The cutest part are the toothpicks they give you at the very end!Finally a great Ramen spot in Uptown New Orleans! I usually get the Kuro Ramen and add bamboo shoots but the Creamy and Spicy Ramen are super good as well. The pork buns, edamame and Yuzu tea with lemonade, all great!Nice restaurant located on Magazine in the Garden District, with a very personal ambiance. Decor is nice yet casual, and the hostess was very welcoming. She explains the menu well for first-time visitors. 
The ramen was solid. Not the best we have had, but very delicious nonetheless. The broth is very flavorful and buttery. The presentation was nice with the bamboo shoots and leeks. Braised pork was very tender with a sweet undertone.I visited Japan in April, and this is the closest thing to authentic ramen you'll find in New Orleans. It is absolutely delicious. It hits the spot I was missing since leaving Japan.Cute restaurant but small which gives you a real Japanese feel. The Ramen is ok. It was overpriced for what you get as far as portion size. The noodles were nothing special. The broth was luke warm when it arrived. There is something sweet in the pork and broth I'm not a fan of. We were in Japan for 3 weeks not long ago and our worst bowl of Ramen there was better than the bowls we had. If they changed the noodles and spices of the broth I would consider coming back. I was hoping for a more authentic bowl.Small little place, but the ramen is sooooooooooooo good! I always get Tonkotsu with seaweed and fish cake. Staff is friendly! I would recommend this place every time.Best ramen I've tasted in and around New Orleans. Feels like you're in Japan, starting from the host to the food.I thought the ramen was good, and the service was good particularly the hostess who did a great job managing a huge crowd. 
The issue I have is their bizarre policy of not having  to go containers for the ramen-- the server's explanation was that to go containers are not the "Japanese experience they're going for." I asked what they do if people have left over food from their meal, and they just shrugged which I find pretty wasteful. Apparently they just throw away the leftover ramen since there's no possible way for you to take it home. I would suggest reconsidering this as otherwise I was impressed and had a good time. Not impressed by blatantly wasting food.AMAAZINNNGGG RAMEN! Love everything I've ordered here. Their Pork Buns are a must! Love love love Nomiya!Nice to have a ramen spot around, which is obviously something NOLA is lacking. Of all the ramen places I've eaten in various cities (in the US), this falls somewhere in the middle of the pack.
I had the tonkotsu and the broth was excellent; easily the highlight of the meal. I also liked their take on the soy egg, as it was a bit sweet, which was something new for me and complemented the salty savory broth perfectly. The noodles were very meh, and I'd highly recommend they try to seek out a new supplier for these. I don't expect them to make their own, but at least find some that do your broth justice.
The biggest issue I had with this place was the price, which was way too high for the portion provided. This is a $9-10 bowl of ramen that they are charging over $13 for, and that's before tax and any other add-ins. I didn't leave full and don't totally feel like I got my money's worth. I can't honestly say I've been to a ramen spot where the bowl of soup by itself wasn't enough to make me feel like I ate enough (or more than enough in a lot of cases).
Service was prompt and courteous. It's a small enough place and they don't serve alcohol, so the waitstaff is usually free enough to be attentive of the limited number of tables in the restaurant. No complaints here. 
As I mentioned before, choices for ramen spots around town are nonexistent, so Nomiya it will be when I have to scratch that itch, but it'll definitely have to be an occasional visit.Worth the wait for a seat, or you can stand. The edamame is a must, full of citrus and sea salt flavor and chilled to perfection. The half spicy half regular ramen is absolutely perfect! The pork has such amazing sweet flavor and the soy eggs melt in your mouth. I added an extra egg, corn, and bamboo shoots. If you don't want the heat the regular was so flavorful and delicious also, I tried my boyfriend's. The portions were just enough, I even had a little extra but no to-go boxes just yet. They don't have booze, not sure if they will get it but there are plenty of places to grab a beer or wine before or after. Also the strawberry mochi was delicious! Can't wait to go back.I enjoyed my ramen! I got half spicy and added corn as well. Some reviewers didn't like the sweetness of the pork however, I thought the sweetness balanced out the spicy nicely and thoroughly enjoyed it. Friendly staff as well! The only thing that would stop me from visiting regularly is the price. With tip and tax a single ramen bowl (plus one add on) was over $18. A bit pricey for what it is and with no beverage. However, when I'm in the ramen mood I'll stop in! Definitely Enjoyed it!I'm not a ramen connoisseur but I do love to try out different ones in different places around the world. Saying that, Nomiya has not been beat yet. The menu is simple and straight to the point and I think that's because the ramen is just so damn good. The add ins give you a sense of control. If you like spicy ramen then look no other. The pork is premium and delicious. The bar is small but I think it brings a sense of intimacy to it. I just haven't found a place that beats it yet.If I could give it 3 1/2 stars I would. It was pretty good for ramen in nola, but I've definitely had better (Austin, NYC, etc.). The restaurant is small, quaint, and cute. For the longest it was always packed and we could never get a seat. Finally, Hubby and I tried it on a regular Tuesday night and it was pretty good. We had a friendly and attentive waiter-no complaints on service. They do serve lukewarm water, which, ehh. Hubby ordered a Mexican coke so we could have something cold to drink. Lol. 
We ordered the pork buns as an appetizer and they were pleasantly filling. Pork also had good flavors, no complaints . Hubby got the spicy Geki Kara ramen and I got the Tonkotsu ramen. At first I was gonna change mine to the Geki Kara because I love spicy but I'm glad I stuck with the Tonkotsu. It was delicious and creamy. I got a side of the hot sauce and added to it however much I needed. Hubby also liked his--we doubted it'd be spicy enough for us but boy were we wrong. It was HOT. Sweating hot. A little too peppery/spicy for me to enjoy but it wasn't bad and Hubby enjoyed it. I knew there would be some ginger in mine, but in some bites, the ginger was a little too overpowering. Other than that we enjoyed the ramen. We may come back if we were really craving ramen. Just wish there was more variety to choose from.Nomiya Ramen Bar is a MUST-go-to spot for Ramen in New Orleans for anyone who loves Ramen or is interested in something different for this area.
When you walk in, this place looks like it belongs in Japan. The décor is quirky, it's small, it's kind of cramped, and you can see/hear everyone and everything including the chefs preparing your bowl. And it's all wonderful. When you walk in you see a standing wall on the left and a few tables on the right. I think the place can fit something like 20-30 people. I chose to stand.  If you want, you can focus on the bowl in front of you but when done take advantage of what this space gives you, the opportunity to talk to the person next to you about your Ramen. I saw an old friend I haven't seen in years and talked with a bunch of new people. I can see friends standing at the wall talking to their friends sitting down at a table. The coziness and the sounds of noodle slurping and happiness fills the room and it creates an experience.
Now for the good part of the review. The Ramen. During the soft opening there were only two options: Tonkotsu(creamy pork broth) and Geki-Kara, the "Too Spicy" version of the Tonkotsu.  They both come with chashu, scallions, pickled ginger bean sprouts, and a soft boiled egg cut in half. The spicy had a spicy oil of happiness added to it.  I went with the Geki-Kara.  The broth was creamy, rich and pretty good. I wish it were spicier, but I have a higher tolerance for heat. The noodles I was worried about at first, since I was watching them cook, but they came out just perfect. It was the right amount of chewy which only 2 other places in the city have ever done right for me. The eggs were soft boiled and add to the bowl. The chashu was good, but I wish there was much more of it. The veggies help bring it all together. Next time I'm going to add the wakame and menma since I really like those in my Ramen. The owner came by and asked me how my Ramen was, and I told her it was ok, but I liked more heat. Then she gave me a small little bowl filled with more of the spicy oil of happiness which changed my bowl from very good to phenomenal. This magic elixir not only add heat, it also added much more flavor. I had a little left in the bowl and the guy next to me asked for the rest of mine and had the same thing to say about this to the owners. Be careful though, you want to add just enough to get to the wonderful place where spiciness and flavor complement each other so that the noodles, chashu, vegetables, egg and broth all dance on your tongue in perfect harmony. I requested Kae-Dama(more noodles) but they weren't doing it on the first day, which was my only moment of sadness.
I will review the service after my next few visits since I was the third customer to walk through the doors ever and the gracious hosts and staff were ramping things up for their first soft opening. I will give Kudos for the owners' attention to the customers.
I've had most Ramens in the area that have come and gone over the years and I think this is going to be the one that will stay and offer more than just a niche for Ramen lovers.  If you are curious about Ramen, please come here to experience how good Ramen can be. If you love Ramen, come here to satisfy that craving and be blown away. 
I can't wait for the grand opening and to try other flavors of Ramen.Ambience is small, hip, and cozy. Staff was attentive and the owner came out to greet and check up on tables which is a plus in my book. Pork buns are soft, fluffy, bold flavored, and not too sweet like other ramen joints. I got the Geki-Kara and added bamboo (ask for their spicy sauce on the side and youll feel it tomorrow - SO GOOD). The pork was so tender it fell apart like brisket and held its own flavor outside of the soup which was nice. Perfect temperatured egg with good yolk viscosity. I liked that the menu was so simple, it's a nice change from the complex 15 different types of ramens you have to choose from at other restaurants. Will definitely visit again the next time im back in NOLAThese guys are the real deal. I used to live in Japan, and I gotta tell you, this is as close to the real thing as I've seen in New Orleans. There's no extra junk piled on top with the chefs special touch or other nonsense. Just ramen done right.Way better than the ramen y'all pop up best ramen in the city simple sweet and deliciousI love this place - so happy that we have a close ramen spot now! I've been twice and the service was relatively quick each time (~20 minutes). The wait staff are nice, helpful and attentive. The food is AMAZING. The pork bun appetizer is great to share for two as a quick bite before having a bowel of ramen. I've gotten the Tonkotsu ramen twice now and loved it both times. A great addition to magazine street! Can't wait to go back!I loved the pork buns! So much flavor and STUFFED.
- but, I feel like the amount of pork that's in 1 bun could be divided so the order would have 4 buns. In my opinion, it's just too much filling for one bun. Still very delicious though!!!
I got the Tonkotsu ramen with eggs, butter, and corn.
It was very good and very flavorful. The pork is soooo tender, but I do agree with one of the reviews below. I expected the pork to be slightly on the saltier side, it was too sweet in my opinion. (If you're Vietnamese, I feel like the meat tasted like thit kho w eggs).
Over all, very good!This is as good as you're going to get for New Orleans. If you're used to ramen in a more ethnically diverse or a city with more authentic Japanese food, you'll be a bit disappointed. The broth was too salty and the pork was too sweet. It might be ok for people here that like things heavily seasoned but for those who enjoy the delicate balance between flavors, this doesn't quite hit the target. The place is nice, trendy and the service is good.Words cant describe how delish this place is!! Im already craving for another bowl right now. The food was amazing, service was wonderful, and the atmosphere of the restaurant was perf. 
We ordered the pork buns and I got the tonkotsu. The pork buns were soft and soo flavorful! The ramen was so amazing that I literally finished my bowl in less than 5 minutes. The egg was cooked just right and the flavor of the broth was tasty. 
I would def go back to enjoy another bowl of ramen!!!I wanted to love this place as ramen is iffy in New Orleans, but unfortunately these folks have decided to make ramen sweet instead. You can tell the broth is made well, but I just don't understand why you make it sweet? The story I've heard about the owners is that they spent time in japan and wanted to bring authentic ramen back to NOLA. Then why not be authentic? Depressing.The ramen was excellent, but at $13-15/bowl, not a cheap lunch. The food is fresh and the vibe is very West Coast/Japanese'ish.  The flavors were tasty and the options, although limited, were creative.  They were totally prepared to give me half of my noodle bowl to go home.  It is a HUGE portion, so you sort of get your money's worth.  I had the spicy/garlic one and I did enjoy it and all the included ingredients. To save money, I didn't add any other ingredients to it.  Would I go back? Maybe for a bowl of soup when I wasn't worried about the budget.I was told that the owners went to Japan to learn how to make traditional ramen so I was super excited to try it! Went to the soft opening and tried the spicy tonkotsu. Im not sure if this is how traditional ramen is made but when I got my bowl the soup was warm, not hot and the noodles tasted a little undercooked. The soup was alittle on the sweet side so it tasted more like a hot and sweet soup than savory? I normally finish all of broth but it was too sweet. The portions were very small. Only got 2 pieces for pork and you have to pay for whatever else you want to add on. Most places already comes with toppings like corn, bean sprout,scallions or whatever, so it was a pricey. Other than that, it was just ok to me. Soup was sweet but I loved how spicy it was. But then again, it was a soft opening.. I'll most likely give it another try.This place is amazing. I've had ramen in Japan and had nostalgic feels of being in that wonderful food-paradise country. Broth had a ridiculous amount of umami flavor. I got the "too spicy" flavor and thought it was the perfect amount of spice. If you're used to cajun spice it will bring some heat but the flavor itself is unmatched. Noodles, eggs, and meat were cooked to perfection. Pork buns were also delicious, definitely recommend getting those. Owner is great and I can definitely see the Japanese influences since she had spent time there learning the art of making ramen and how to run Japanese style restaurants. Service was great, price is totally worth it. Expect to wait a little bit because as with all niche hole in the wall style restaurants, it'll be popular, but worth the wait. I absolutely recommend this place for a fantastic meal!Pretty psyched to learn this place was just up the road from where I work, the food is simple, straight-forward ramen for a quick no-frills lunch. Try 1/2 spicy if you are less adventurous.We ordered the pork buns which were simply delicious. The pork cooked perfect to the crisp cucumber.  I ordered the spicy Ramen but half the spice. I was very pleased with my choice. It had spice but not over whelming.  Our service was friendly and very attentive.The ramen was delicious. I had the one with buttered corn. The pork chasu was sweet and savory, basically perfect. I didn't like that the lack of seating at the ramen bar area though. I will definitely be returning, however, because it was really ridiculously good.So good! I didn't think I liked ramen until I came here. The pork buns were ridiculously good, kind of like a Taiwanese Gua Bao with Tender, flavorful braised pork, the crunch of cucumber and creaminess of Japanese mayo in a soft, fluffy steamed bun. It's perfection! When I die, my heaven will feature this food. 
We tried the Kuro ramen with the garlic oil and butter and corn. It was awesome! Unfortunately I didn't see the Japanese red pepper on the table until I was almost done. Next time, I will add that. The mango mochi was also delicious , seemed homemade. Highly recommend this place if you are looking for a warm bowl of love.Nomiya has really good ramen . I had the Geki Kara (full spice) with added garlic oil. It was really flavorful, the broth was perfect. The spice of the dish wasn't overpowering, so I was still able to enjoy my ramen with the added kick. I also decided to get the pork buns which were also delicious. They were so simple yet full of flavor. The service was good. There's one person running the floor but everything is so quick. From the time I sat down to the time I got my food was about 10 mins tops . Cute little gem with good food !Efficient servers who were courteous and attentive. The Geki Kara ramen bowl
 was so delicious. So impressed with the flavor and the heat and I was super excited to taste the broth. 
Heavenly taste #1This was probably the best ramen I've ever had! My wife and I both tried the half spicy, mine with an extra egg which I feel made all the difference. We got extra noodles but they went to waste because unlike other ramen restaurants they put plenty of noodles in theirs. The only thing I disliked was the pork. They didn't use pork belly so it was kind of tough instead of soft and flavorful like most ramen. Still awesome though! Def coming back if I ever come to New Orleans again.I really want to like this place! My issue was that I am an avid spicy ramen fan, and this particular version of spicy ramen was..... SWEET. I did not like it. It might be a result of the "cajun" influence. If you like the sweet/spicy thing, you would probably love it, but I was not a fan personally. I will probably go back and try it again to see if the flavor has changed at all, because I love ramen so much and I live nearby. For now I will continue going to Kin ramen in mid-city.Tough wanted to rate just a little under 4. Anyways only three ramens to choose the first creamy mild one was good with a tad bit fishy flavor which shouldn't have been there but still flavorful and good. I ordered the Half spicy but Im pretty sure they messed up, NO WAY that is half if "too spicy" is worse you would have a fire truck blasting milk down your throat and I know I can handle spicy things so this was super intense and borderline unenjoyable. The bun was great and the mango mochi was really good, just a shame it's not made by them. Tiny place but decent.My fav ramen in new orleans! not only the food but also the extraordinary service is the best I've tried in this cityFlavor of the ramen broth overall was good. The portions were very small compared to other ramen spots I've enjoyed which was very disappointing. Had about 5 kernels of corn and a small piece of ginger in my bowl. Have been looking for a good ramen spot for the past few months and this unfortunately didn't live up to expectations because of the smaller sized bowls. They don't offer take out which was also disappointing since I live around the corner. Pretty much have to order double amounts of everything other than the noodles to get ur fill here.First time eating real ramen. This was excellent!  30 hour broth and roasted pork were to die for! All I and my sons kept saying was mmmmmmmm!! 
They set The bar very high for any place I eat it from now on. Extremely friendly staff and inviting atmosphere. A must try. I'll be going back soon!I'm always looking for a good ramen place to eat around Nola! We got places like Little Tokyo and Kin that have great ramen! I was excited to try this place out because I saw so many good reviews here! To start off, it's a nice, cozy looking place. I ordered the spicy tonkotsu ramen and disappointingly.. it came out warm, not hot. A very big turn off. The portions are okay.. and $13 is pushing it for the potions they offer. I love spicy food, but the spice was to the point where it wasn't enjoyable at all, it was just incredibly spicy! Don't get me wrong, I tried both ramens and they taste fine, it's just not enough to get me going here over places like kin and little Tokyo that offer bigger portions and taste a bit better. The service is wonderful though, so I give Nomiya that. I hope they improve on their broth just a bit and maybe reconsider their portion sizes. Overall, nothing too incredible where it'll have me come back, I'll just keep going to other ramen places.It's great to have a ramen place in the 'hood. Both the Tonkotsu and Geki-Kara were on point. Cool vibes, a simple menu, and top notch ramen will make Nomiya a regular for us: both for a quick lunch and to cure a wicked hangover.Wow!! I've been waiting a long time for the space to be rented out and was excited to speak with the owner and find out ramen was coming! The esthetics are great, they created a very fun and fresh environment in such an intimate space. The service was phenomenal, delightful waitstaff eager to please! While the menu is small, it is mighty! Pork buns were delicious and the ramen was so very tasty. You'll be drinking from the bowl at the end of your meal for sure. Over all great experience! Welcome to Magazine Street Nomiya!My friend and I went to the soft opening of this place on July 28th. They didn't have the full menu but what they did have was absolutely delicious. The presentation was beautiful and the service was great. The owner and other staff were so friendly. It was the same weekend as a popular anime con that I was attending and we were the first customers to show up in cosplay, so we got free ramen! We've definitely decided to visit this place again once they're officially open.I've heard so much about this place and I'm glad to finally try it out! We went during a Saints preseason game so the wait was not as long as I had anticipated. Parking is street parking. Unfortunately it's a pretty small place only with about 5-6 tables and about 5 standing spots so I can imagine that during a regular dinner rush, the wait can be pretty significant. The ambience is very casual and modern. It feels like sitting in a hip restaurant in New York. Service was exceptional as the waitress and owner came to check on us several times. 
There are only 3 kinds of ramen - tonkotsu, geki-kara (too spicy), and kuro (toasted garlic oil). I had the geki-kara and yah...it really was too spicy for me. Felt the burn all the way down. But it was still very tasty. Don't get it if you have acid reflux problems. My niece had the tonkotsu with corn and butter. It was much milder but broth was just as flavorful. My favorite was my husband's tonkotsu with wakame (seaweed), which gives it more umame flavor! My only complaint is that it's pretty expensive for ramen. It's about $15 a bowl. It's not the best ramen I've ever had but I'd certainly come back. I'm just super excited that I can get a decent bowl of ramen in New Orleans!3 stars for effort.  I'm not a fan of sweetness in the broth, the pork was dry and fell apart.  It's ok at best, misses on a few fronts.  I'll revisit when things change a bit.I love ramen and I liked Nomiya's stuff.  IMHO, Nomiya has the best ramen in town.  I am by no means a ramen expert, but I know what I like.  
So I have eaten at Nomiya twice now and plan to eat there many more times.  The ramen is pretty decent.  I love the ambiance, and it's pretty close to our apartment.  This area of Magazine is starting to accumulate some really decent restaurants.
I have eaten the Kuro Ramen and the Tonkotsu.  I have tried a bite of the Geki-Kara, which was too spicy for me.  I like the broth of both the Kuro and Tonkotsu.  Noodles were fine.  My big hang up continues to be their pork.  It has a sweet flavor.  When I read about it, I thought a sweet meat and savory broth might mix well, but I was not a fan.  I much prefer a savory protein for my ramen.  The other fixings like the boiled eggs, scallions and whatever else was fine.  All in all, I rank the ramen a 3 out of 5.  Maybe as the place gets going, they'll add an option with their meat.  Oh, we also tried the pork buns.  Good bun, dry pork.  I'll pass in the future.  
This place has a nice ramen shop feel.  Small and cramped with some Japanese cartoons on the wall.  The place is quaint.  There is bar seating on one side and about 5 or 6 tables on the other.  Every seat has a view of the chefs, which I enjoy.  Our wait staff has always been attentive and polite.  They seem enthusiastic about the restaurant.  
In short, I will repeat Nomiya.  They are certainly a step in the right ramen direction for NOLA.  As of now, they don't do take out.  I get it, although I like option.Probably the best ramen place in New Orleans. The spicy ramen with chirasiu pork was amazing. Spicy but amaZing. I have been waiting to try this place and I'm glad I did because it was really flavorful. The restaurant is small so try to go during slow hours lol. Small menu but overall great.My husband is a fan of ramen and luckily it happened to be super cold when we went. We arrived around 7ish, wasn't busy, we sat at the "bar" and were waited on immediately. The server was super sweet and answered all our questions. We tried the pork buns, first time ever having them and they were delicious! We both had the spicy ramen, my husbands was a more intense spice than mine, thinking I could handle the spice I was only able to eat the meat and noodles, but it was delicious! I'm giving it a 4 out of 5 for the fact that the menu is limited but I will definitely be back and try their other ramen soup.This is legit Ramen y'all!  After trying multiple places through the city, I will say I did have low expectations, but this place proved me wrong. The ramen was authentic, noodle texture was perfect and the broth was rich and creamy.  I do agree with other post that it is a bit sweet due to the pork seasoning and the sweet egg, but I appreciated the contrast in the spicy option. Definitely check this place out!I'm from LA where we have ALL the BEST ramen spots & this places is the closest you're gonna get to some good ramen .Pork Buns were awesome. We tried the Tomkotsu and Geki-Kara. Quick and efficient service too.Fun Noodle shop in one of the best areas of New Orleans. Small menu, which I like. 3 styles of ramen, steamed pork buns, and Mochie I cream! 
The broth base is pork and chicken! And they include half of a marinated poached egg, which was really good and extra interesting. I'd love to see a beef and vegan broth option. 
The steamed pork buns are a must try imo. You get 2 per order.
*Very important, be carful with the spicy. I LOVE spicy food, but this was a bit much for me! And, I even reduced it to only 1/2 spicy! ~Okay!Limited selection, but what they do,  they do well.  I go with the kuro ramen as a matter of preference.  I would give it 5*s if they had a phone (which also means they can't do reservations or to-go orders).Here's why I don't like it...
1.my soup was warm/cold.
2.when they "buttered corn" they mean they gonna put corn in your bowl& cut a chunk of butter and leave it on top!
3.its was shredded pork,not a fan at all! Super sweet and I just hate shredded meat period!
4.not enough broth
5.mines was salty
6.bot much seating,yet sitting so close to strangers. I can feel the person hot breath next to me. And it's pretty humid in there.
7.and the eggs... I thought it was salted eggs like what Raman Normally comes with. But their eggs was SWEET. It was weird 
8. We also ordered the buns. I thought it was to sweet. And they didn't bring us any plates so we had to use a napkin to eat off.
Why I give it ONE star.
 Staffs was friend and portions was big and enough.This is probably my best ramen experience in NOLA.  I loved the blend of flavors in my spicy ramen bowl with fresh ingredients.  But the price point is high at $13 for the amount of ramen in the bowl.  Give me more ramen or lower the price point!  Also, no take out ramen that is a bummer!