This place was ok, the service wasn't good at all, we had to wait a while to get orders for drinks and for our food and the place wasn't even full. We almost walked out, the people that sat down after us did.
The food was ok nothing that stands out in my memory, it's been a few months since we went.               
I do remember wanting to try some tea with some find of ice mint gelato our something like that. The waiter said that they ran out and couldn't make it for me. About 10 minutes later another waiter makes it for another customer, that pissed me off, i almost walked out but decided to give the waiter a hard time about it so i questioned him why he told me they were out and couldn't make it for me when the other waiter made it for some one else. He didn't apologize or anything he just went and made one, we got our food right after. We ate and got out of dodge we won't be back there again.The food is alright here and there. It's never consistent. I ask for ex sauce one time they give me 2 mini ones, next time they give me a large container. When calling for delivery they didn't get my pizzas right ever, and their pizzas are not cheap. Asked for a Roma and they sent it with no greens and added proshutto. seems like the cooks should know how to make their own signature pizzas. Also the delivery ppl should check the order before leaving. My pizzas are soggy almost uncooked; not even brown on the bottom. Also got a caprise salad and I'm pretty sure the fresh mozzarella was old; tasted sour.  And our drinks were hot hot. I've given them too many try's. I'll eat at Theos or a real Italian place for pasta. I pay too much to get my order screwed every time.Super cute space with lovely outdoor seating. Staff is very friendly and cheerful. However, my 13 year old son and I found the food (calzone and garlic cheese bread) to be seriously lacking. My all-things-bread-loving teen couldn't eat more than a few bites of the calzone and I tossed the garlic bread after the first slice. I really wanted to love it but too bad, just didn't like the food at all.My SO and I came here for dinner recently after doing some Mid-City exploring.  It was a good decision.  We kept our order simple - breadsticks with marinara and pesto sauces, and a meaty pizza with goat cheese on my half.  The order of breadsticks was cheap and HUGE.  Like a giant stack of em!  They were baked perfectly and tasted delicious, especially with the sauces.
And the pizza was pretty good too.  Super cheesy, which I like, but my SO prefers super saucy.  Anyway, the flavors were great and the service was more than adequate.  Will definitely have to go back soon.This is a cozy place in an awesome historic neighborhood with high ceilings and a lovely outdoor space. We went on a Monday and were pleasantly surprised to find it was half priced bottles of wine and some good happy hour specials. We are from out of town and our server Christine took time to tell us about the area and give recomendations. The service was excellent and the Pizza was no lie some of the best I've ever had. The crust is crispy but lite and thin enough to get that perfect fold. We had the Italian and, because of the buy a large get a small for free deal, we got a margherita as well. Both were absolutely delicious! We will definitly be back to this spot.Divine Portabello appetizer, have you had it? If not, why not? I probably order this dish every time that I'm at Nonna Mia, I wish they had it as a pizza option or any other option.  I also secretly never want to share it because I just want to eat it all for myself. They do offer a panini that is very close, but my friend said it wasn't as good, probably cause all the sauce gets absorbed by the bread too quickly.
I have yet to be disappointed by any of their dishes. I really like their pizza, their pasta, the stromboli (and what a stromboli!), and their calzones. Oh and pictures of sexy ladies on their walls (sorry Cher, I'm going to have to exclude you from that comment)? The inside seating is very cozy and romantic.  Their outside seating is also very awesome, and on cold nights you never really have to worry because they pretty much have outdoor heaters covering the entire area.  Each individual table also has lights that you can adjust for brightness.
What was also awesome, is that during my last visit (when there was a water advisory), I went with my lady friend and our pup.  The waiter gave us a bowl of water for our puppy that was filled with bottled water.  When the restaurant ran out of bottled water for our refills, our waiter ran across the street to buy some more bottled water. That's pretty good service in my opinion.  I have run across several restaurants who would just list off a bunch of "we're out of that" and not really give alternatives.  It was nice too that the waiter reminded me in a very humorous manner that "ice" was made out of water that day.Great option for outside dining in Mid City.  I'm a big fan of the meatball panini.  They have wheat crust as an option for pizza.  It's a good, relatively thin, crust - my preference.Prima Pizza. That's about all I can say. I'm so completely distracted and in love with The Prima Pizza that nothing else even matters. I once tried the Shrimp Tuscany, it was pretty good, I wish it would've come with more bread. But one bite of the Prima Pizza and I had already forgotten about all of that noise. The cafe itself is quiet and cozy with perfect lighting. Sitting inside and having a Prima Pizza all to yourself is like cuddling in a corner with the love of your life.Had a Groupon and was heading back from City Park, so thought this would be a great option.  So glad we did.  The staff was awesome and felt like old friends.  Our Groupon was for to go food but would have loved to dine at the restaurant.  Got back to our hotel and was greatly surprised by how delicious everything was.  Pizza and Cheese bread were superb, the pasta salad was super fresh the artichoke panini was good but could have used a little more pressing for my taste. Super quaint restaurant worth a visit out of the French Quarter.  Definitely a meal my imaginary Italian mama would make.  Worth a visit!they told me there was 'was no good pizza in New Orleans" ...they lied! Pizza is ridiculously awesome! Service, pizza, and awesomeness is all here! Loved everything about it here, especially the food and service, A+ all around.Really good bar drinks especially the blood orange cocktail. Service was excellent, as were the appetizers - especially the olives....oh my gosh... The Olives! The entrees were  very good. Our table of five had the manicotti, pasta bake, meatballs, and 2 plates of tortellini. All of it was very tasty, manicotti probably the best, followed closely by the pasta bake. Sit outside if you can, as that is the most comfortable for conversation. Highly recommended.One of my favorite pizza places in town. Everything I've eaten here has been wonderful. The pizza crust has enough substance to hold up the slice but doesn't fill you up with bread. The garlic tomato sauce is just that so be prepared if you aren't into heavy garlic flavors.  It is a great spot to eat outside on the porch, which is my favorite, or on the expansive patio. Give it a try and you'll be happy you did.The Italian salad and tomato basil soup was fresh fresh fresh. A delicious, simple, light lunch. And great price! I'm sorry I had not been here sooner.We stopped by after Jazz Fest for a late dinner and were so impressed!  After talking to our waitress we found out they are under new management.   This would explain some of the not so positive reviews I think.  Too bad you can't start over in Yelp.  This place needs more recent Yelp reviews!
We got the lasagna and the manicotti.  Both were excellent, pasta looked homemade to me, sauce also tasted homemade.  Cheese in the manicotti was creamy and well seasoned, nothing was over salted.  I was scraping my bowl to get to get every bit of the cheese and sauce!
Staff was very friendly and welcomed us even though the were 20 minutes from closing and it was probably a long day for them with the Jazz Fest crowd.  Beautiful building , we sat outside on the porch.
I will make one comment about the prices, I thought it was a bit expensive to not include a salad or maybe bread with our entrees.  Price include the entrée only. Maybe if they read this note they will change that.
We will definitely be back!  Thanks guys!The food is always fresh and tasty.  Tonight I used their delivery service and it was just as fresh and hot!The bread sticks, ravioli,  and the limonata iced tea are the only items worth getting here. I've tried just about everything else and have been disappointed every time.  The outside seating area is really nice for drinks on Esplanade Ave.   Also be prepared to wait 45mins - 1hr to get your food.  As long as you bring a book or have a lot to talk about you'll be alright.Just moved back to NOLA in this neighborhood and had to start trying out the local restaurants.  LOVE the pizza here.  We got the 5 cheese pizza and added pepperoni, yum but beware if you don't like greasy pizza you may not like this one.  I happen to be a fan of NY style pizza and they do the pizza well.  It is also a good portion on the large.  Also have to say reconnected with an old friend there that I had not seen since before Katrina.  Go Peggy (waitress) still the best in service and conversation.Love the food here when your order is right and delivered to your table HOT!!! Decided to pick up take out instead of dining in big mistake . We received the wrong order nothing was hot and when I called was put on hold for 20 minutes and no one came back to the phone . Hire some staff and management needs to kick it up a notch . Such a disappointment of a truly gem of a restaurant .Nice outside atmosphere, but service was slow. Pizza seemed a bit undercooked and wasn't cut.I really liked this place. I noticed it while I was riding my bike. The colors of the restaurant and patio are bright and fun, so we decided to stop. The patio has a nice ambiance, the food was great and staff very attentive, but not annoying. And it's off the beaten path of tourist trap restaurants. Overall, a great find!I frequent this place. The happy hour is hard to beat, and the pizzas are really good, but....I doubt I'll be returning here due to the service. Waited an HOUR and a HALF for two sandwiches and spaghetti during their lunch shift. We eventually ended up leaving. While we inquired about our food, it was discouraging to hear that it was coming when we were seeing people who sat 45 minutes after us receive their food, bills and then leave while we were still there waiting. I brought some people with me as well, and it was their first time there. Obviously, they won't be back. Me neither.Visited this restaurant after a long day at City Park and was very pleased. I like that this restaurant had outdoor seating on the patio and was dog friendly. I had meatballs marinara and a Caesar salad that was delicious! The meatballs were so juicy and flavorful.. but I only wished I had more than just two. The salad was the perfect pair to my meatballs and would order again. My waitress was very friendly and even brought out water for my dog. Will come back again to try out more dishes!The food looked better than it tasted, but 1/2 priced bottles of wine on Mondays took the sting out of getting two flavorless paninis and a really weird bowl of tomato water that they claimed was minestrone. Service was very nice and knowledgable about the food and wine. My favorite thing about this place is the ambience out on the patio, and the fact that we can bring the pup. If it weren't for the fact we can have the dog there we wouldn't have gone back. Maybe we need to try the pasta or something, we really loved everything about this place but the food which is pretty major. Oh well.The lasagna has tiny carrots in it and the pepperoni pizza was gross. The shrimp fra diavolo linguine was lacking in both shrimp and flavor. Seriously, there were three shrimp and the sauce tasted like it came out of a jar. If searching for a good Italian place in MidCity, there's one on Carrollton that is excellent.Now that's a good meat ball. Went out with some friends to try this new restaurant Nonna Mia's and was more than just impressed. Good food, good service. I will be back.Terrible customer service and not so good pizza. The pizza is so inconsistent you don't know if you're getting a decent pizza or a bad pizza. We just ordered and got the wrong size pizza - called and they were so rude to us we'll never eat there again.Excellent food, service and atmosphere!!!! The eggplant panini is to die for and the tiramisu is the best I've had! :)my sis took us here & it was great!!! one of her drink spots & my neph's pizza spots!! haha!!! yea he's 6 & a pizza conniseur..ya see!!! we had coupla drinks...old fashion, french martini & ginger mint lemonade w rum..all were damn good!!! 
the caesar salad w grilled shrimp was killer & the crispy pan sauteed salmon special was redic!!!! and had a lil bite of the neph's pizza..was damn good..perfect thin crust w sauce to ingred. ratio!!!!
this will def be a spot i hit more when back home!!!!
wait staff is cool as fcuk too!!!Undercooked (not al dente) pasta, undercooked doughy pizza, which, by the way was posing as "garlic bread," and an all around terrible excuse for Italian Food. Let's just be polite and call it the Olive Garden of New Orleans.I usually have a good experience at Nonna Mia, but tonight was different. Ordered a shrimp pasta and chicken parmesan (took 45 minutes for the two dishes to come out when there was only two other tables in the dining room) and the chicken was served cold and extremely chewy and crunchy. It was completely inedible and I had to send it back. Service throughout the meal was subpar. The waitress did not present the specials, refill our drinks, or check on the table very often. However, two different servers did apologize about the chicken parm and asked me if I wanted anything else. I declined and asked for the bill, feeling grossed out by the crunchy chicken, which took another 10 minutes to be brought to my table.This was good! Lots of funn. We stuck with traditional pizza and calzones and they were great. Husband and I split a bottle of wine and four of us ate, it was reasonable. Better than the other local place.Good pizza 1/2 priced bottles of wine Monday and Tuesday. Keep an eye out for groupons too. Great patio. Service is a bit spotty at times though.Well first thing's first, you can't beat a free bottle of wine as a check in special. Based on this, I had my hopes set pretty high and I wasn't too let down. They were off to rough start when we were walked to our table, told to hold on, then told we had to wait 30 minutes. My wife and I just looked around at the all the open tables with a confused look on our faces and said, "OK...."
We sat at the bar where I kept repeating how they just lost themselves a star on my review and were seated about 15 minutes later. Our waiter was delightful and friendly, and explained how they had been insanely busy. My sympathetic side kicked in and the annoyance I was feeling earlier faded. The wine we got from my wife's third check in certainly helped with that as well.
All-in-all it was a nice dinner outside on a beautiful day with good food. I'll definitely be going back at least two more times.This used to be one of my favorite places in town; I went weekly for the best pizza and salads in town, and I'd occasionally order for delivery. Things have changed since new owners took over, though, and not for the better. The pizza remains good, but they seem to have cut costs in lots of other ways, and it shows--it now feels like a corporate chain with pre-set tables, cheap silverware, plastic cups instead of glasses, etc. These little things add up, in my opinion. More importantly, the food is not as good: the veggies are not as fresh (mealy tomatoes--yuck), the house dressing that used to be amazing is now meh, and the red sauce tastes like it's from a jar.World-class Italian food! The wait staff are super friendly and helpful. We definitely had the best food of our one week trip here. The food is served fresh and is well seasoned. When we went back for our second time we were nervous to try new entrees as we didn't want to risk getting slightly less awesome food. The garlic bread is a must! Also try the ginger lemonade too.If you're not a fan of cockroaches, don't sit outside. Ruined the whole meal. Seems like it used to be a hot spot but now is just sort of dragging along. Food was ok. Service was ok. Will not be going back.We love this place!! Very friendly staff and beautiful patio seating. The sangria is delicious!This was the first restaurant I ever tried in New Orleans- and, the home of my first Abita!  
This is a charming little place with a great outside seating area.  I am not a vegetarian- but they have some amazing vegetarian options that any omnivore would love!  The portobello and chicken appetizer was amazing as well as the portobello panini!  
The seating was a little off- we were told to wait 15 minutes for an outside table when almost all the tables were open and there was no one else waiting to be seated. Not quite sure why this happened- hopefully just a quirk.We ordered chicken parm with spaghetti, garlic bread and a Cesar salad with chicken. The garlic bread was a pizza dough that was not cook the dough was raw. The chicken parm and spaghetti was just ok. The salad was ok the chicken tasted like it was microwaved.Used to love this place esp the portabello panini but the last 4 visits have been progressively worse. Tonight the sandwich barely had anything between the burnt bread.SO DELICIOUS!! I loved everything! I really don't have a bad thing to say about the food!
The service on the other hand...A friend and I went at 8pm one Wed night they don't close until 9 so we didn't think it was a big deal.  You could tell the entire time that the server was just trying to get us out of there.  She didn't even ask us if we wanted desert. (luckily we have no shame and asked for it anyways!)  We both work in the service industry in New Orleans so we understand people coming in 2 minutes before you close and ordering a 4 course meal is a pain in the butt! BUT we definitely did not do that.incredibly long wait for a mediocre place. good service but the food could have come from the mall's food court and you wouldn't have noticed the differenceThey actually served up authentic Italian. The space is cramped and homey. The breadsticks must be ordered. I've not had their pizza. I'm way too snobbish about pizza though. If you stop by on Tuesdays you shouldn't have any reason to walk away thirsty either.I used to like Nonna Mias back in 2007. But I visited in 2018 and it's changed a lot. The food doesn't have "soul" in it anymore. It tastes microwaved and generic. I don't know how you could mess up Italian food but they do a great job at it now. It's okay. It will get you full and that's it.It took THREE HOURS to get us bread sticks and two small pizzas.  The pepperoni pizza was great (salty, cheesy, greasy), and the margherita pizza was utterly flavorless.  The crust, the few dots of cheese, the tomato, and the basil all didn't add up to one single flavor.  Absolutely.  Devoid.  Of.  Flavor.  I'm convinced it was strips of lettuce and not basil.  We got there at 7:30 and weren't able to pay until 10:30.  She only came out every 30 minutes.  By the time our food came out at 9:45 we were so hungry and cranky.  When I went inside to ask for our checks, I had to wait about 2 minutes until she had finished talking with the cooks before she would help me.  We will never go here again and wouldn't recommend it either.While the food was tasty, the place is severely understaffed.  People got frustrated and walked out.  It took 25 minutes for someone to come take our drink order.  We got our food over an hour after we were seated.  People at a neighboring table got their food the same time we did and we put our order in 15 minutes before them.  The manager was no help.  There was a nice young server, but she wasn't getting much support.I have been here several times and always liked the place. But I think it is mainly for the atmosphere and ambience of the place than the food. The outdoor seating is a rare treat in New Orleans. Enjoy this if you have accommodating weather. The menu is filled with Sicilian flare, but the food is nothing to get excited about. The place is a relatively quiet neighborhood across from the Degas House. The place is also small and quaint on the inside, which I actually like. So location, ambience, and a fun menu are waiting for you here. Just don't expect the best of New Orleans on the plate.Nonna Mia is usually a pretty good bet. I like their option to build your own pasta, which is what I choose to order most of the time. Their bolognese sauce is very good, as are their calzones. My favorite is the tre formaggi....so much cheesy goodness and a delicious tomato sauce. They also have pretty good pizzas. 
Their service is in need of some work, but I think they're sometimes under-staffed (not the servers' fault). Also, their prices are a little high. Check Groupon or Living Social; they sometimes have deals!I chose the restaurant due to the number of highly rated review. I was craving chicken parmigiana, and thought I'd give this place a try because this was one of the more recommended entrees on the menu. I placed a takeout order for the chicken parmesan and eggplant panini. 
Personally, I did not like the chicken parmesan. The marinara was much on the sweeter side, which personally I prefer spicer, more flavorful red sauce. As for the pasta, not homemade and a little mushy, which could be due to how long I let my food set before eating. The actual chicken was the best part. It had a nice breading but unfortunately was burnt on the thinner side. It also didn't taste to have been soaked in buttermilk due to being pretty dense and not very moist. I won't be ordering that entree again. 
The eggplant panini was good except for the I assume house made bread. The bread was distrusting. It was extremely flat and dense, almost like it didn't rise like it was supposed to. It left a bad aftertaste in the mouth instead of actually tasting he eggplant and other components. Maybe it was just a bad batch, but I hope that isn't the way the bread is supposed to taste. It definitely needed something, maybe salt and sugar, cause it tasted like a butter-less dinner bread roll, and not a good one. 
When I picked up the order, I enjoyed the ambience in the restaurant. It appears to be a cute date spot, plus, there's a gorgeous patio seating area. I want to try this restaurant again in the future, but we are definitely trying different items on the menu next time, probably the pizza, because the pasta itself wasn't any better than a cafeteria.Homemade dough.  There pizzas were delicous as well as there pastasBruchetta was dry bread with diced tomatoes. Loooong wait with poor service.Oh happy day! The original, magical Nonna Mia is on its way back! And it's pretty much been restored to its previous self. See, as it turns out, they just went through a rough patch of bad management, but that's totally been fixed (the other day I noticed their Yelp check in deal, so marched across the neighborhood to 1) find the person responsible, 2) tell them that they're awesome and 3) check in and get a free bottle of wine, which resulted in a great conversation with their awesome new GM). 
So, as a result of my determination to check in enough times to get a free bottle of wine, I've been there twice in the last week and have had a great experience both times. When I went the other day for lunch, the people behind the bar greeted me with a smile, told us to sit anywhere we liked, and even though I tried to order something that doesn't exist and confused the hell out of our waiter (thanks, Insomnia Fairy), he was awesome about it, and the food was good and I'm really excited to go back. 
Seriously, y'all. The real Nonna Mia has returned! Hooray!Best Italian in NOLA. The new owner had does wonders for this quaint little spot. I highly suggest everyone tries it!I discovered this place 2 years ago, just by chance.  What a lucky find!
My favorite is the fettucine alfredo with chicken and a Peroni on the side.  Their breadsticks are fabulous and so is the olive plate.  I've also gotten pizza and it was fantastic!  Great atmosphere inside and great outside sitting right on Esplanade avenue.  The trees on the street on a nice day make you feel New Orleans, if that makes sense.  A definite "must try".The Divine Portobello appetizer is delicious! It is our favorite appetizer there. The Sweet and Spicy pizza was awesome too!I don't do a lot of Yelp reviews, but I was so appalled by this visit that I had to vent in some way.  We have been eating here since they opened and quality and service has decreased with every visit.  Tonight we went there expecting a usually decent meal, but this will be my last visit.  It took an extremely long time to get a salad and the the entrees came out and they were extremely small portions for $15 pasta dishes.  I am accustomed to going to an Italian restaurant and leaving extremely full and still have leftovers.  After an app and an entree I left there with a hole in my wallet and my stomach.  I had to go around the corner to Canseco's Grocery to get something to satisfy my still-hungry stomach.  It is too bad because this place is in walking distance from my house and had always been a convenient option.Quick and friendly service with reasonable prices but I just didn't enjoy the pizza.  The ham was chewy and the bread was doughy.  I'll try it again because they may have had a bad night and I'll update if the pizza is better.lobster ravioli is the bomb. Sergio provided prompt, friendly service. They were out of beet salads which was depressing but the rest of the menu was sufficient enough to find something else to eat. The pasta salad is very tasty as well but with a tad too many olives. I'd dine again.I'm pretty sure we must have visited on an off day or something.. The first time my partner and I went here, the food was great! This time around, it was all REALLY bad. It made me so sick later that night that I had a hard time sleeping. I don't know how one messes up 4/4 items ordered but it happened. The bread was still doughey. The lasagna was literally a soup. My pasta was overcooked and soggy and I think the shrimp made me sick. Thought this place would be a good neighborhood go-to, but I think we'll keep looking..I found the food here to be simple and flavorful. I enjoyed the Prima Panini which was superbly garlicy albeit a little cold. Husband had the Italian Calzone aka the failed pizza which was pretty good, but the meat wasn't great quality. We of course enjoyed the $5 pitcher of Abita- who can resist that deal?
Our service started out good, but quickly became super slow and forgetful as the night went on. It seemed to be more of an issue with understaffing than the server herself. Doubt i'd eat here again, but would absolutely come for the $5 pitchers.This place used to be great!Bring back the way it used to be!Italian Ladies did it better! I have hope that it will get better!  I hope? I used to come once a week, 2 waiters all day on Easter Sunday really! FYI Don't fix what was working in the past!My girlfriend and I have walked our dog past this place so many times, so we finally decided to try it. We found a Groupon for the place (great deal BTW), and walked the dog out. They're super dog friendly, they even brought her a little tray of water! As far as the food goes, I was pleasantly surprised! The pasta salad was delicious, and the chicken panini I had was grilled to perfection and served on bread I have only dreamt about--the stuff only kings and gods ate. Overall I'd say this is top notch food for a medium notch price. Eat, eat, eat.I've dined in, the ambience is awkward. It's like a cheesy corporate chain than a cool neighborhood spot. The waitstaff is cool(other than my server spieling about what a pain in the ass it is make our drink, basically telling us to not get another) but the food, it's bad! Very poor quality and they are super skimpy on everything. $10 salad was lettuce and that's about it! Pizza was sauce and few slices of meat, bad over cooked crust!!Since it's a great location I thought Id give another chance and got my food Togo even bigger mistake! hot sandwich and salad in one box=hot soggy salad and soggy sandwich with dressing all over it! Once again they complained because I ordered a drink that is one their menu as Nomma tea(house specialty right?) if they don't like making it then take it off your menu but I don't really care to hear about it! Overall I wish they would do something to improve the quality of their food or lower their prices to match because the surrounding restaurants are excellent so it would be nice to have a more laid inexpensive neighborhood spot. It'll be a while before I go back!Don't get delivery. Several times they've messed up my order or sent burnt pizza. Don't get me wrong, when the food is done right, it's amazing. Just wish they'd do it right the first time.We go every week and they are great! They are always friendly and courteous. The manager always stops by the table to make sure that everything is going well and the patio is aces! We LOVE it!! Each time we go they are always adding another touch to make our experience better yet. It's a pleasure to have them in our neighborhood and might I add that to anyone who is expecting post Milenium restaurant frou frou-- get over yourself. Nonna Mia is what it is: a great neighborhood iItaian restaurant and pizzeria that just happens to have half priced bottles of wine and $5.00 pitchers of beer on Monday and Tuesday.My first time at Nonna Mia's was a nice experience. This recent one was a little off compared to that. 
Negatives: At 7 pm they were out of a lot of things on the menu. I wasn't able to get 2 of my original choices for cocktails, and my portobello entree that I had wanted was also "86ed" as well. My silverware was also not properly cleaned.  Last but not least, the indoor lighting experience was reminiscent of a haunted house. The lights in the entire dining room kept flickering on and off randomly.  Sad to say, it wasn't a very intimate setting that I had hoped it to be.  I strongly recommend sitting outdoors if weather permits. 
Positives: Staff was great. Waitress was helpful and polite. The food that I did end up eating was well cooked. The cheese tortellini is quite good. 
In summary, I think the place is fine for a quick casual bite. Otherwise, I don't really find anything unique about Nonna Mia's.Got takeout here after a busy day being tourists. Just got a pepperoni pizza and a salad and it was quite good. We are from pizza heaven and are very critical of pizza especially down south where it's typically pretty terrible. This stuff hit the spot. Will have to dine in next and try the rest.My reviews are usually very short, but this one needs to be detailed. This is out of sequential order, but I think this part needs to be said before I lose your attention. The table sitting next to us called the manager over because a ROACH was crawling IN THEIR SALAD!!!!!  Yes you read that correctly, a roach was in the salad! One of the guys at the table said "oh its summer time in New Orleans, it happens" I'd like to let everyone know that I have lived in New Orleans my entire life, and I have NEVER, EVER, had a roach crawling around in food on my plate! This is NOT acceptable by any New Orleans native standards. The only thing I could imagine is that that guy was a transplant from some other town to believe this is ok.  Also, my girlfriend works at a restaurant, and at no point do they have roaches crawling on the plate! So if you are the tourist that was with this idiotic guy, I hope you don't believe what he said. This is not acceptable standards for our city. Yes we do get big ugly roaches in the summer, but that does not mean we accept them on our food. Unfortunately we had already finished our meal before this happened, otherwise we would have walked out right then and there. Just so you know-  I do plan to call the sanitation department today. 
For the rest of the meal; I should have know this was a terrible place when the customers across from us had to go find their waiter to place their order, but I figured he may have gotten distracted and stayed anyway. We ordered bread sticks; there was nothing special about them, very plain, pizza crust; they took at least 20 minutes to get them to our table, so the waitress removed them from our bill. I had the cheese tortellini, the noodles were over cooked and the sauce tasted like it came from a jar. My girlfriend had the cananoli, it wasn't fabulous but it wasn't terrible. After the meal the waitress finally brought us the check, if you haven't gather this- the service here is terrible. Our bill was $28. We gave her $40, she asked if there was a specific way we needed her to split it and we said no. She apparently thought that meant keep the change.  That is not what we meant, so I had to track her down and ask for the change. Sorry Honey- I don't tip 40%, my girlfriend is in the service industry so we do typically tip well but not 40%..... Especially at a dirty place like that.I had the Italian pizza added Camrose onions and the red pepper sauce and it was delicious!  It was a bit oily but I suspect all those meats are to blame.  The thin crust was absolutely scrumptious. Flavorful,  fresh,  and great customer service.Nonna Mia typically has decent Italian fair from lasagna to raviolis. 
I recently ordered the portobello panini. I had high hopes from reading the ingredients but it was kind of a letdown. 
First of all it wasn't even a panini as it was not pressed and had no grill marks to flatten the sandwich. 
The portobello mushrooms were sliced as if they were using them for a pizza topping. I expected whole mushroom as the menu read "beefy" portobello mushrooms. 
The lack of panini pressing kept the mozzarella partially unmelted. This would have tied in the flavors of the balsamic aioli (which was delicious) and caramelized onions. 
5 minutes under a press and the sandwich would have been a 4-5 star meal.Even being short staffed, they made my last night in Nola very memorable. Superb salads, delicious pizza and a very welcoming environment. We were forewarned that it may take a while to get our food but thankfully that wasn't the case. 
Also, many surrounding restaurants were closed (Monday after Jazz Fest) so this put extra pressure on the place. Ultimately, I couldn't have been happier. I went to Canseco's Market next door for an ice cream afterwards and walked home a happy and satiated man.Decent casual Italian food. Wait staff is always very nice. They used to have a pretty sweet deal during the weekdays: Buy an entree or two, get a free bottle of wine. Lunch is okay, but the nighttime atmosphere--candles, the gorgeous houses on Esplanade--is pretty cool, too.great outdoor hidden patio with fine service last Sunday afternoon. Ordered a pannini because we wanted something light. It was huge! Twice the size of what we expected. My meatball was delish and the mushroom my partner ordered she also enjoyed, and we shared a half with others! Bicycle and dog friendly too! All for about $12 each.This restaurant is in my neighborhood and I've been a few times. I've also had delivery from them but have found that I prefer dining in as quality seems to be better when you go to them. I love the building, porch, and outdoor seating on the patio. The servers are always pleasant. The only complaint I have would be that sometimes it takes a looooooooong time for your food to come out. Went for lunch today with a party of four, we all ordered paninis and waited for what seemed an excessively long time for sammiches. (Which really wasn't a hardship on this beautiful day.) I had ordered mine without onions and when it finally came......onions. Our server offered to take it back but my stomach was growling and I didn't want to chance another wait so I said I'd just pick them off. She graciously removed it from the bill. Large portions, solid food (I really love the calzones. And the chicken parm looks fantastic!), chill atmosphere, and in my 'hood. It's a winner.Ambiance is kind of nice with the old house feel but it can be a bit tight in the seating areas.  The service is adequate but the food is very slow in coming.  The food was nothing outstanding and there are plenty of better Italian pasta and pizza places around town doing better food.  The food isn't bad it just isn't nearly as good as most of the other pizza and pasta around town to my taste.  On my last visit I also got charged 50 cents for a tiny little cup of marinara sauce to eat with my pizza.  They do have a good drink special here on Tuesdays with $5 pitchers of beer and half off bottles of wine.  They also have a nice patio area for when its nice outside.  I would probably only come here on a Tuesday but it is crowded due to the special so plan ahead.  They might get up to three stars with some of their food but so far all my visits have been two star experiences.I went to this restaurant because I had a Groupon and quite often that is not a good thing, but I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was a beautiful night so we choose to sit out side on the patio.  It was lovely.  We started with a salad which we shared.  It was golden beets, fresh greens, sliced red onions and Gorgonzola crumbles.  Very nice.  My date had chicken parm with angle pasta.  Sauce was fresh and dinner served piping hot.  I thought it was really good.  If I have to have one complaint, it was the personal Margherita pizza.  Had sliced Roma tomatoes and it kind of made the crust soggy towards the center. Lots of flavor though with the fresh basil. Service was great.  We will be returning.Delivery from this place is the pits and it's expensive. I get a pie from a place that's closer to me. $15.99 two topping large pie. I ordered a pie from this place and by the time I was done with a tip it cost me almost $30.00. The pizza was small, thin crust, overdone and slightly burnt, stingy on the toppings, stuck to the paper on the bottom of the box, barely cut so that when I pulled off a slice everything fell off. It sucks. I immediately ripped up the menu that a friend gave me. I'll order from Domino's before I ever consider Nonna Mia again. I'm so so so pissed!We both had the calzone and we enjoyed them.  The ambiance was nice and there was ample outdoor seating as well.  The outdoors had heaters which is a nice touch.  We ate indoors and it really looke.d nice in there.  We had a really nice bottle of wine and our waiter was very knowledgeable about the wine.Incredible new place, and such a great addition to the Mid-City/Esplanade Ridge neighborhood. The patio dining is perfect, with local music piped in from WWOZ radio and plenty of room for any size group. The food here is superb and for extremely reasonable prices. I got 2 slices of pizza, an appetizer, and the delicious Limonata ice tea (iced tea with a scoop of Brocato's lemon ice!) for under $20 and had leftovers for a midnight snack. They feature daily specials with seasonal ingredients, and if you join their email list or Facebook group you will be showered with glorious coupons like free bottles of wine with dinner or 2-for-1 meals. Can't beat that, especially when they don't have to bribe me to go there! So glad I live close by.We were here almost 6 months ago and were just discussing hitting it again the next time we visit... so thought it was finally owed a long overdue review.
Found this little gem while taking a walk after hitting City Park and boy was it good. Nice atmosphere with outdoor seating, the food was great and the service from our sever Christine was top notch - the fact that my wife and I recall her name 6 months later says quite a lot - we hope to see her when we're back in October.
My favorite part was when I wanted something alcoholic, but sweet she did some magic with the House Ginger Mint Lemonade which I think involved rum and it was heavenly... I desperately wish I'd kept notes on the ingredients to make it at home, guess I have no choice but to go back and pray she can recreate it for me again.