Great staff, great decor and great food. We only had an appetizer and drinks, along with some Kid's Ramen for our daughter, but we really enjoyed it. 
Our Server (Waites) was very knowledgeable and attentive.   The Bartender (Lindsay) whipped us up some killer Sake-based cocktails. The Manager (Josh) was warm and hospitable. 
Can't wait to go back and try more. Maybe even save room for pie?I want to like this place more, but it just hasn't delivered on taste. I've tried two of their ramen bowls, but the roux tastes a little burnt and the flavors are just a little bland. However, the pie & service are great!I'm biased as hell when it comes to ramen, nothing will ever beat some of the street food I had in Japan. That being said, I was still super excited to hear that there was a ramen place in Uptown. Unfortunetly, I left fairly disapointed. The long and short of it:
1. Ramen. I got the chicken ramen and was delighted with the presentation. My high expectations were tarnished upon the 1st bite. The broth had virtually no flavor, it was akin to eating slightly salty spiced water. Siriacha would have helped, but there was none to be found. The meat was pretty tender and flavorful, but there were only 2 thin strips for me to savor. I ended up not finishing the bowl which is out of the ordinary for me, but I couldnt bring myself to polish off the broth.
2. Okonomiyaki Fries. The okonomiyaki fries we had before the ramen was the saving grace of the entire meal. These things are delicious and a double order might be my meal the next time I go.
3. Pie. The Butterfinger pie was good, but not worth the $7/slice that you'll pay for it. They have other flavors that I'd like to try, but only if I'm really craving sweets.
I'd give this place another shot if for nothing but my love of ramen, but I'll go in with lowered expectations. Still, if you're craving ramen I don't believe theres anywhere else in NOLA so they appear to be your only option. Better than no ramen at all!
Overall Grade: C+I REALLY wanted to like this place, I really did. I love me some ramen, especially when I'm hung over. Unfortunately, Noodle & Pie fell wayyy below my expectations. For a $16 bowl of ramen, I was (A) expecting something larger. I could immediately tell that I was going to have to eat a second dinner when I got home. It was barely a handful of noodles and the broth wasn't even steaming hot. My fiance would need to eat at least 4X the amount they served to be somewhat full. (B) HOLY sodium overload. There is absolutely ZERO reason why any broth should be that salty. I barely drank any of it. Lastly, the blueberry pie was not memorable and equally tiny. I did enjoy the calamari though and service was fine. 
When I complained to my coworkers the next day about my experience, I had 3 others echo the same complaints. Needless to say, I won't be back.I wasn't feeling well this weekend and decided some good soup would really hit the spot.
Noodle & Pie is a cute little place, brightly lit due to really large windows and huge doors that open up to combine the outside with the inside. This was really nice considering of late, we've had some of the most beautiful weather New Orleans has seen all year.  I also loved the Edison light bulbs in the string lights.  Nice touch.
I ordered the Summer Miso Ramen, which is Tofu, soft egg, toasted sesame, crisp Napa cabbage, chili sesame oil, green onions, and enoki mushrooms.  I wanted some meat, so I added pork belly.  The ramen was good, not great.  I also had some green tea, which was very good.
My friend got the House Bowl. She said it was good, but on the salty side.
I had no complaints about the service.
What brings N&P down to 2 stars is the poor value.  The small bowl of ramen that I had was $10. And their small can't be compared to a small or regular sized bowl of pho at a Vietnamese restaurant.  It really was small.  As in I could've eaten two of them to fill me up.  The pork belly that I added was 2 very small strips of pork belly for $2.50.  The cup of green tea was $3.50.  After tax and tip, it was a $20 lunch, and I wasn't really satisfied.  
If it wasn't such a terrible value, I might go back to try other menu items, but at that price point, I won't return.  There are just way too many other choices for much cheaper.Me and 3 friends went on their 2nd night open. The shrimp cracker fries and the taro chips were delicious. We tried the house bowl and the matador bowl of ramen noodles and both were disappointing. The broth was way too salty and heavy, it was almost like drinking straight soy sauce. The noodles and the pork/beef in each of the dishes were great but there wasn't much in the bowl. It seemed like not a lot of food for the price that you. Service was average. The menu has 4 or 5 entree options and a dozen or so small plate/snack options. It should be noted that the pies looked absolutely amazing but we didn't try any of them. I personally did not have an appetite for dessert because of the salty meal.I was flying on Southwest and was passing time on my flight with their magazine. I come across a picture of a bowl of ramen. Mmmmmm I was hungry and this Steaming bowl was from a restaurant in NOLA. Heeeeey!!! I'm on my way to NOLA!!!It was a sign from the Food Gods that I had to try this place out! How often have I seen magainze pictures of deletecable items and it turns out I have to travel so many hundred of miles. to even get a bite?!
When we got there all the tables was filled (a good sign) we didn't have to wait long before my party of 4 was seated. We ordered the black peppered fried calamari which was alright. I didn't care for it as it was too salty for me and I like to have some meat on my calamari instead of fried into thin crispy charred-ness. 
I ordered the house bowl with pork belly and it was good! I loved the flavors of the broth as well as the noodles. I loved how they trimmed the pork belly so there wasn't massive amount of fat hanging around. We were too stuffed to get any pie. Overall, check it out if you're in the neighborhood. Sometimes a bowl of ramen and warm soup is all you need.Tried this place, we were skeptical, "ramen noodles" didn't sound wonderful. 
We were very pleasantly surprised, and delighted with our dinner. 
We had 3 appetizers - the clay pot pork belly was a treat. Then split the octopus and shrimp salad, it was the best we've had.  Our Bowls were good too, I had the special, with crab meat, and it was good but a waste of crab since the other flavors overpowered it. My friend had a bowl with beef, very tasty. 
Then the pies! I had the bacon pecan, she had lemon cream, both wonderful.  Only the industrial strength crust detracted, but that crunch worked in wellThis place was voted as one of top 10 [number 3 to be specific] ramen shops in the U.S. Noodle & Pie is located in the, I guess you could say, upper class area of NOLA (there's even a Whole Foods somewhere near). The inside of the restaurant was decorated really cute with regular table seating as well as "rules" on how to eat their ramen hanging on the walls!
 I went during lunch time and there was only 2 types of ramen available: house bowl and I think some sort of veggie ramen? I don't quite remember. I got the house bowl; the broth tasted kind of meaty. I really like that they give you one whole boiled egg here unlike other ramen shops. We also got the Brussel sprouts and special fries as our appetizer; they were both good, but nothing special. I got the iced matcha green tea as my drink thinking it'd have milk in it but I was wrong- it's just green tea. 
They also sell shirts here too. Another interesting fact is that this ramen shop is owned and operated by Caucasian people; all the ramen shops I've been to are normally owned and operated by Asian people.It was a delightful experience. I had lunch there while my car was in the shop and the service was excellent, the serving sizes of the food were generous and of course delicious! I recommend this for small groups or a fun place for a first date!I had the beef ramen and it was a good bowl of soup but it was a bit over priced at $10 as it was the same size as a small bowl of pho at most Vietnamese joints where you can get a large bowl of pho for less than $10.  The worst sticker shock was the $3.25 iced tea which I passed on and just had water and I was also a bit sad that they had no Abita Amber in their very small beer selection.  I had the blueberry & peach pie and I thought the crust was quite nice but it was a bit tough and I didn't find that I liked the combo of peach and blueberry as the flavor didn't really work for me.  
The interior of this place has been made into a very bright orange so all the Tennessee and Auburn fans can find themselves right at home but I find it a bit glaringly bright.  The seating is not very comfortable and didn't encourage me to linger around and enjoy myself.  The music was way too loud and not very good so that definitely could have been turned down a whole lot.  This place definitely has zero New Orleans vibe about it and could have been ripped out of Austin or someplace in California or New York.  I liked the ramen but the rest of the scene was trying way too hard to be way too hipster.  I would definitely return for the soup but I'm not sure about the rest of the food and the ambiance is just not pleasant.  
So in summary the ambiance is awful, the prices are a bit expensive, the ramen is really good and the pie has potential.Excellent all the way around. My wife and I split the pork belly and shrimp korokke (sp). One of the best meals I've had in some time.Let me just start by saying that ramen is not my favorite type of food, but I wanted to give it a try with an open mind so I did. I was pleasantly surprised that I did not have to wait on opening weekend. Maybe I was in the right place at the right time because it was at capacity, but we were able to score a spot at the bar. I guess that's what you get when the place is run by restaurant veterans like the chef of Dante's Kitchen. 
We got 2 small plates and one noodle bowl to share and it was enough food for 2 people.  The shrimp cracker fries were really good. They are double fried (so its extra healthy) so they are very crispy! They had a garlic flavor to them and were served with siriacha aioli which complemented it well. The chicken skewers we sort of like a chicken meat ball and it was very flavorful. I went with the vegetarian bowl and the broth had a sweeter taste, which was different. The contents of the bowl were good and went well together. The egg was a nice touch and the bean spouts added a nice crunch. 
The pie offerings were not your mama's apple pie. They strive to offer pies outside the box, which is pretty cool. We opted for the bacon pecan because it sounded like the best of the three. The slice was on the smaller side and a little hard to split with even for 2 people. So if you like pie, spring for your own slice. When our slice came to the table it was cold like it came out of the fridge. This wasn't a problem for taste, but it was really hard to slice even with a knife. You could tell it was fresh, but I wonder if there can be a warm pie alert on their twitter. How exciting would that be? 
I was really happy with the service. The staff looked like a well-oiled machine, very impressive for their second night; they were able to answer any of our questions about the menu. Because it's a small place it gets very loud and hard to hear the person you are sitting next to, but still good for a casual inexpensive meal.This is now my fourth time at noodles and pie. While their food has been consistent each visit, their ramen lacks depth of flavor that their small plates and bold pies possess. The noodles alone and pie are worth a visit or two, but they are almost done in by the overly saccharine broth. The heart of a good ramen is its broth, and the broth fails to meet the quality ingredients in the ramen. 
As for the good: I've eaten fresh ramen for fifteen years, and I can say the noodles are great. There's an elasticity and bite to the noodles that stays springy even after a half hour bath in broth. The ingredients are fresh, the meat and tofu well cooked and well sourced. The small dishes shine with the papaya salad, okonomiyaki fries, korean fried chicken, and brussel sprouts really shining. The drinks can be a little surprising to the palate, but generally good, a not too sweet taste that pairs perfectly with liquor (pineapple tamarind and rum is amazing), and each pie is consistently cooked, never burnt, and always keeps me coming back for more.
The bad: the broth: it's too sweet, lacks body, and doesn't harmonize with the ingredients.
Summer miso broth: too much mirin to try to counter the saltiness of the miso, and it lacks depth of flavor. There is no umami flavor or hint of kombu. Less can be more, and while the ramen is evolving, the overarching sweetness is hindering it. Also avoid the Sichuan tofu, it lacks five of the seven characteristics of Sichuan food.On our hunt for new restaurants to try, the hubby and I went here for an early dinner last night.
Here's the run down:
We shared a few small plates, three of which were on the regular menu and one special for the night.  The special was beef bone marrow with roasted poblano peppers and parmasean cheese with onion pancakes.  I don't think you can ever go wrong ordering bone marrow... it's the best butter substitute ever!  The onion pancakes were nice and dense.  We also got the shrimp and green papaya salad, the okonomiyaki fries and the kimchi katsu don bowl.  The standout were the fries... those bonito flakes were a fun and delicious treat.  We liked the kimchi bowl the least.  The pork was too fried and I felt like the kimchi wasn't spicy enough... although it had great acidity.  
We also shared a small bowl of the house ramen.  No added shennanigans.  The broth was ok... needed more seasoning I felt.  We kept adding the spice and black sesame salt that they have on the side as condiments.  The noodles were well done, so that's a plus.
For dessert, we had the chocolate pecan chocolate pie.  That was scrumptious!  It was chewy and had the right balance of everything.  Although, at $6.50, we thought it was overpriced for a slice of pie.  
Overall, I would give it try if you're looking for something new and interesting.Ramen in NOLA? Yesss please!!! Service is prompt and friendly.
The food is of quality and very tasty. I am not sure about arugula in the ramen. I don't hate it but next time I'll probably ask to leave it out.
Ambiance is nice for friends or even a date. I can see myself being a regular once the chilly weather starts. Give it a try!- The okonomiyaki fries are a great idea and were very good.  However, if you're going to go okonomiyaki on me, you should go all the way and include a little more kyupi (Japanese mayo) and the tonkatsu sauce.  A little pork would be nice as well.  That being said, I love the concept and the flavor was very nice.
- The papaya salad was hefty and had a great kick to it.  I really enjoyed it.
- My house ramen was full and beefy with a nice touch of fat.  The noodles had the right texture.  The whole runny egg was a nice touch.  All in all a good bowl of ramen.  I did miss my pink fish cake though.Arrived not long after opening on a Saturday night.  We have been excited to try this place since before they opened.  
There were four of us, two adults, a teenager and an almost 8 year old.  
We were pleasantly surprised that it exceeded expectations.  The small plates were really good.  We enjoyed everything we got, for the most part.    Some things we didn't like were just based on personal preference and nothing was ordered that most people in our party didn't like.  For example, two of us were iffy on the ribs as they were too sweet, but the other two of us really liked them.  
Bone marrow was fabulous as was the onigiri and the special which was fried chicken pieces.  Chicken skins were good, but personally I'd have preferred them flat instead of wrapped around a stick.  
We ordered 4 different ramens.  We ordered Veggie, House, Kids and Crab.   Everyone thought their own was the best with the exception of the almost 8 year old who didn't like the kids ramen since she preferred the crab ramen.  We all thought the House ramen, like other reviewers, that it  was too heavy on the soy sauce.  The Crab and pork belly was fabulous and just the perfect melding of flavors.  
Also three different pies, S'more, Pumpkin and Apple which everyone who ordered loved.  
I would have given this restaurant 5 stars except I thought it was a little expensive.  I know we ordered a bunch of stuff to try because we don't live in the area and wanted to try as much as we could.  We expected a large bill but still I think the prices could be a little more reasonable.  Mainly the sake is very expensive.  A 6 oz pour will cost you around $14.  We drink sake often and know that this is close to price gauging.  
Our server was Chance who was fabulous.  He was friendly, explained everything perfectly, his recommendations were spot on and he was cognizant  of the kids as far as the dishes went (thought about spiciness and rum on the pies etc). 
Really, if it wasn't for the high price of the sake here, I'd have given it 5 stars.Everything you have read so far is true: Yes, their portions are rather small for the price; Yes, the concept of Ramen Noodle and Pie is just a tad weird but not impossible to enjoy; Yes, this ramen isn't the BEST ramen one might hope to find but...having said all that...it certainly isn't a bad place either. 
If you are really hungry and planning on having a regular portion of ramen, maybe get an appetizer to split as well because I'm not sure if one regular size bowl of ramen will fill the average person. I think the Okonomiyaki Fries was the best thing we had there honestly and weirdly enough. The House Ramen Bowl was just...ehh..."A-Ok." It was by no means a grand disappointment, but it just wasn't very memorable either. I liked it alright, I just don't know if I would make the trip back for it specifically....but between the appetizer and the regular portion of the House Ramen Bowl we were perfectly satisfied as far as food portions go. However, there IS a large ramen bowl option on the menu that looked much bigger and more promising as far as portions are concerned.
There seems to be a lot of talk on Yelp about whether the broth of the ramen bowl is either too bland or too salty...but I say it was both! I certainly tasted salt, I just didn't taste much else. The broth is definitely a clear and sort of delicate chicken based broth as far as the House Ramen Bowl is concerned. Like I said, it's not bad, it's good but don't expect anything super fragrant and seasoned. They DID have a sort of salt and spice mixture on the tables that you could spoon into the broth yourself. I dabbled in them a bit but I didn't notice a whole lot of difference.
I do think it is hard not to insinctually compare a Japanese Ramen Bowl to a Vietnamese Pho situation where the bowls are huge and the prices are cheap. Both contain noodles, meat based or vegetable broths and an assortment of veggies and meats depending on the selection. BUT they are after all totally different cultures and VERY different concepts of noodle soups. IF you ARE comparing it to Pho (either intentionally or not), than YES, you will feel like the portions are underwhelming and the prices are stiff. I guess the trick is that you have to remember that these are meant to be different experiences and not to expect Pho sized portions and prices when you are at a trendy Magazine Japanese/Ramen/Fusion-style restaurant. It's just totally apples and oranges there, you simply can't compare one to the other. Having said all that, I don't think I would care to make a trip back anytime soon unless I am conveniently in the area again. I like it....I just don't love it ya know?Finally, good ramen in New Orleans! The staff is friendly, and has good recommendations. After the six-different-pickles-platter and grilled beef heart, I knew I had a new favorite place. The classic ramen was good also, and actually had the topping you would find on ramen in Japan-hooray. As strange as the combination of ramen and pie might sound, I guess with the necessary amount of passion, anything works because the pie was excellent too. Coconut key lime the first go-around-my Floridian friend said it might be the best key lime she ever had. Chocolate marscapone the second time was delicious too. Worth noting that I went twice in four days after trying it. 
I have to laugh at the reviewer who said there was nothing Japanese about the place because her food was weird, gooey and awkward. Having grown up there, that describes much of the food you come across if seen from from a U.S. perspective. But the point is moot, because I didn't experience any of those things. I noticed a simple, seasonal menu with quality ingredients artfully prepared, and that is pretty Japanese from my experience. I wouldn't have minded more gooey, in fact.Well, upon my third visit, I ordered something other than the house bowl, of which I had previously left a glowing review. Mistake!
To start, we ordered their special of the day, bone marrow with parmesan and a green onion flatbread. Bone marrow and flatbread were undercooked. Also, there is a reason why bone marrow is typically served with crostini--it just works. The flatbread was too mushy and thick to be a proper vessel with which to scoop up marrow. Not a win.
We also ordered the papaya/shrimp salad. Waaaaaay too much fish sauce. It felt like I was sticking my nose in a vat of anchovies before I even took a bite. Spice level was legit, however, I couldn't eat more than one bite after that fishtastic experience.
Oh! We did order the okonomiyaki fries. Those are BOMB. Order these. Super crispy fries, with saucy goodness, green onions, and shaved bonito. Our table agreed these ruled.
Sadly, it appears that the only good thing here is the house bowl. The vegetarian miso broth was under seasoned and unfortunately the pork belly I ordered on the side did little to help that. My beau ordered the chicken tonkotsu, which was also under seasoned and came with so many sliced raw peppers that he couldn't finish the broth (and we are people that are borderline masochistic when it comes to spicy food). Also, soup was NOT piping hot, more like lukewarm. :(
The dudes ordered the special butterfinger pie. I didn't try any. (But let me just say there was a pie on the menu that was grapefruit with a black pepper tuile...weird). Service was rockin however and we had a great night regardless.
TTYL: If you order the house bowl and nothing else, you will be happy. However, I'm sticking to Yuki Izakaya for my ramen needs.I'm kind of obsessed with their vegetarian miso ramen bowl.  It's absolutely delicious!  Since I live about 4 blocks away, I'm a regular take-out customer and I go there at least once per month for dinner.  Three drawbacks about this place (but not serious enough to keep me away):
1.  The regular sized bowl of ramen is too small.  I'm a woman who weighs 110 lbs soaking wet.  For me to say your portions are small means they're ridiculously small.  I always have to order the large size.  I feel like the price for both sizes is a little steep based on the portion size.  Although you can't really put a price on good ramen, I would like to feel like I got my money's worth.  
2.  Every time I order my ramen to-go, I get the tiniest container of broth.  It doesn't even cover all the noodles/eggs/other yummy components of soup when I pour it all together.  Why can't you use equally sized containers for both the broth and solid stuff when you pack a large takeout order?  It's kind of annoying..
3.  I used to get flank steak added to my ramen but for some reason they did away with serving beef.  Now all they offer is pork which I don't care for.  This one isn't such a big deal since the ramen is delicious by itself.I really enjoyed everything we ordered here.  We had the BBQ pork belly, a noodle bowl, and two pieces of pie.  I would go here just to pick up pie if they had a drive-thru.The GF and I visited this place on the first Friday of Lent after a late afternoon jaunt downtown. We had been here once before and really enjoyed what we had. We were hoping to order a noodle dish which we hadn't experienced the last time, but, alas, there were no seafood noodle dishes though there is a vegetarian one. 
So we ordered the mussels in green curry as an appetizer and a catfish special. The mussels were fabulous, steamed in a beautiful coconut curry sauce/broth and served with a  great sticky sesame rice. We split the small portion which was enormous and a great value. Now for the catfish. The catfish was fried in a beautiful wet batter (I think) which was wonderfully flavorful and perfectly executed. It ain't as easy to fry catfish as some might think. It was served with a refreshing side salad with basil and cilantro as the predominant herbs and a little shot of coconut milk. Here's the bad part. The fish was so spicy I couldn't eat it. The GF, who has a higher tolerance for heat, barely made it through her small portion. I brought half of mine home and gave it to my daughter who couldn't handle it either. It's such a shame when too much heat makes a perfectly conceived dish inedible. In defense of the chef, I will say I don't handle heat well at all. Funny thing is the waiter, a real good guy, did say it was spicy but said it was mildly spicy, about 5/10 on the heat scale. I gotta say, my friend, if that's 5/10, then 10/10 would be a great tool at Guantanamo.  
Now all of the dishes are not spicy, most not at all. Last time we had delicious calamari, chicken wings, and a great rice bowl. And if you can handle the heat, maybe the catfish is for you. As I said, it was a wonderfully conceived and executed dish. Funny thing is, we have been there twice now and still have had neither noodle nor pie. Next time!The Brussels sprouts were great and the Sake was smooth. The ramen wasn't all that good. The broth was very salty and the portion was small. I easy could have eaten three bowls. The bill for two was $60. So it's kind of expensive also. I probably won't be going back.Enjoyed an app of snails, first time, were very good. Had the chicken paitan ramen, which was alright. The highlight of the night, not the PBR in a paper bag, which was awesome, but the pie! Had the Butterscotch pie with madras curry crust. Was such a confusing flavor but I couldn't stop eating it. I equated the curry flavor to something like Old Bay in the crust, not that anyone I've met in NOLA knows what that is. Either way the pie was amazing!The ramen is always fresh and the customer service is great. The cheesecake has more of a flan consistency which threw me off. Not the cheapest place to eat, but quality never is.The food is fantastic. Kitchen is a little slow though I believe they'll get better. Loud, wish there were outdoor seating.  There was a mistake with my order and they were completely gracious. Will be back.Delicious ramen soup. A bit pricey but definitely of high quality. The pancake with bone marrow butter - stfu, deee-lish!!Dinner at noodle and pie was incredible! The edamame and brussel sprouts were out of this world! The entire experience was made even better by our fabulous server Ashley, she had a great smile, was helpful, good sense of humor and attentive! Recommend this place 100%A friend and I went here last night. We called ahead to see if they had outside seating because she wanted to bring her dog. It was no problem, so we walked over. After bringing us some water, the waitress also came back with a bowl of water for the dog without us even asking! :)  We both had the "Early Bird" Special which consisted of your choice from two appetizers and two bowls of ramen, then each a slice of pie. My friend chose the shrimp cracker fries, while I went with the fried brussel sprouts. Both were delicious!!  I will be getting those brussel sprouts again. For Ramen, we both chose the House Ramen.  It was packed with pork shoulder, mushrooms, shredded nori, noodles, and a soft boiled egg. I added spice to mine which was provided on the table. It was definitely salty enough. My friend added salt and kind of wished she hadn't.   They were out of the coconut-key lime pie that was on the Early Bird menu, so we were able to chose any of the other pies that they had. I chose the Fig and Custard pie which was PERFECT for me. Two of my favorite desserts combined.  My friend had a slice of ginger peach which she took home, but said it was also very tasty.  I will definitely go back here.  I thought everything was very good.They started with giving us 2 menus for 4 people without asking for our drinks while the restaurant was not busy (at the time) and then we waited 15 minutes to get waters...as it got packe just to get drink orders. We decided to order everything at once to stop the nonsense of waiting. Then they were out of 3 main dishes...one of which i came here for. Food was good but not enough MEAT. Had to ask for Sriracha twice!!!!spicy prom belly wasn't that spicy. And water...is it self-serveVegan ramen available, broth is delicious! Crab donburi bowl good, boring a little bit but tasted great, very friendly staff!I have come here I think 6 times now and not once have I been displeased by the menu items.  I have been slowly trying every item and each one has been fantastic.  Today I took  a Meat and potatoes only guy and he had the house bowl and the calamari and raved about each one.  I think we have a "convert" LOL.  Can't wait to come back and try another one.Horrible. The food was just horrible. Chicken whatever it was not on a stick, it was stuck to the stick and mushrooms you could not bite into because they were so rubbery. Soup was so salty and no true flavor. Fish cakes, what kinds of fish cake you can not cut into. Salt and Pepper on the table in open bowls nobody changes after diner leaves. Chopstick stands are not changed after diner leaves. Just gross.Noodles and Pie is one of our favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  There no other place in the city that we could get good Ramen.  I recently moved from Palo Alto, CA and fell in love with Ramen out there.  The broths here are very flavorful and unique.  I love the special bowls that they have.  I've not had better Ramen anywhere.  My favorite bowls are the Chicken Tonkotsu, Veggie Miso Bowl, and any of their special ramen bowls that they have on weekends.  Yesterday we had the Shio Crab bowl and added crab, which was fantastic.  This is exactly the soup I crave when I'm sick in order to kick a cold, nice and spicy and flavorful.go there and try the calamari/mussels/pickled veggie(i think).  the ramen- it is just not ramen- the broth is not very good and noodles are al dente which is confusing.  the pie is okay.  it is loud in here which i think they could work on.  the orange walls are a bit much but don't  really care as long as the food is good.
if you have eaten ramen a lot outside of new orleans, you would know this isn't great but i would and have gone back for everything else.
also service is good and food is consistent so that is something a lot of restaurants  are missing.Cured fried ribs and the chicken pai tan ramen were both salty. The house ramen was decent and had a miso like broth.It was average to me. Maybe cause I came during lunch time. To be called noodles and pie, I didn't see much offerings for noodles. As for pie, none really caught my attention. 
The house bowl had a meatier, heavier taste than regular ramen so it was okay. 
I really liked the brussel sprouts. 
I ordered the fries and the tofu Szechuan salad too but they were whatever to me. 
I guess it kind of bothered me that the spices were just in small little bowls already placed on the table with a spoon on top. I usually like a l o t of spice. 
The matcha green tea didn't really taste like matcha green tea, it was more like, unsweetened tea. 
Meh. The overall experience was eh.I really liked it! As per usual, for my birthday we went to a restaurant I've never been to. I hadn't heard of this place until I came across it on yelp the day before. Coincidentally, the next day, a friend mentioned she had just gone the night before. She said she loved it.
Before she said anything, I had doubts about the place. Noodle and Pie has a pretty average review, but I wanted more than average. However, I'm glad I chose this place.
First of all, for a Wednesday night, the place was pretty packed. However, the staff was very polite and accommodating. (They have outdoor seating!!!) The place itself is really cool, definitely not your average again fusion restaurant. Once we were seated, we were greeted by the really nice, incredibly helpful server (can't for the life of me remember his name). Not only is the place very hipster, but so are the awesome servers. So as far as service, 5 stars!
Secondly, just as a warning, don't order the "tea", or q whatever the red drink is... I wanted my usual sweet tea, but they didn't have it, so I settled for what they said was similar to sweet tea. Bleh! Not my cup of tea (haha get it?) To me, it tasted like the heartburn medicine, Gaviscon. Who knows, maybe that tastes really good to others. 2 out of 5 stars.
Finally, the ramen was fantastic I got the tofu/vegetarian ramen. Out of this world. They give you do much, too! Loved having ramen for lunch the next day! The pie. Oh, the pie. I really wanted to try the grapefruit pie, but it was not available at the time (most be really popular). So looking at the little pie menu, I decided I wanted the nutella pie. Unfortunately we didn't get what we ordered. Instead the served us the butterfinger pie. Fortunately, the butterfinger pie was amazing. I wash we ordered more pie, because one slice was not enough for five people. I can see where two people can split a pie, though. So for food, 5 stars.
I enjoyed my experience, and while the food was a little overpriced, I do plan on returning.Everything about this place was fantastic, except for the pie.
The house bowl was insanely good and the small plates were great as well. The service was excellent and the atmosphere was quaint. 
The only thing that stood out was the pie and not in a good way. It's one thing to serve pie and it's another thing to serve pie and advertise it. If you're going to advertise it. Make sure it's fresh and not ice cold from a freezer in the back. The pie is my only concern.
However, that ramen was on POINT tho. 
Would recommend the noodles but not the pie.We gobbled it all up noodles and pie.
The menu is a short list. And we tried just about it all. 
Amanda our server super nice polite and Kind.
Food really delicious everyone ate ramen.We went on Thursday 6/12/14 for the LA-SPCA fund raiser, Pause for Paws. Delicious food and great service. The Brussels sprouts
were fab and the pie was definitely worth the calories. 
.Must get the Korean fried chicken and eat it hot!!! The south sure knows how to fry things right. Would've gotten okonomiyaki fries too but traveling solo this time and that would not fit.
The ramen noodles were very well made, the broth could use some more umami. Nonetheless the noodle bowl itself was very satisfying and is the perfect portion, left me just enough room for pie. 
The Nutella pie sprinkled with chocolate candy.. As a non regular pie eater, that was some tasty pie.
If you're in Nawlins for a while and cannot have it with another Cajun/Creole dish, this is your escape!I had the house bowl and it was very good.  My husband ordered three small plates - sesame chicken, ribs and calamari and all were very good as well.  Next time we will try a pie.Wonderful and polite server. Came with our family which was a large group. We had the Brussels sprouts and fried chicken as appetizers which were good. Fast and accurate service but we came 30 minutes before closing on a Sunday. House ramen came out to be a little too salty. We didn't get any pie, but would've enjoyed some ice cream, but they don't serve ice cream.I have to agree with the grievances of many of these 2-3 star reviewers. A $16 bowl of soup should at the very least fill you up but I left hungry. Very salty broth. Not enough broth for all the other stuff in the bowl. My first Ramen experience but would have much rather gotten a delicious bowl of pho somewhere else for $10 and left much happier. I decided to cut my losses and not try the pie after the disappointing entree.Let me make one thing very clear about this restaurant: please do not pooh-pooh the idea of ramen.  Real, freshly made, authentic ramen, when done well, is delicious and bares absolutely no resemblance to anything you have bought for $1 in a plastic package in the supermarket.  Ramen-making is an art form in Japan and is no joke.  So do not let the word "ramen" turn you off and cast your mind back to your college days of eating instant noodles.  That is not what you will find at this restaurant, nor at any other "real ramen" restaurant.
With that out of the way, I will say I was pleasantly surprised by Noodle & Pie.  I live in New Orleans but I've eaten at a few critically-acclaimed ramen places in other cities, so I think I've probably been lucky enough to sample some of the best ramen available in the U.S. And I must say the ramen here is quite respectable.  It's not the best ramen I've ever had, but it's really quite good and I will definitely go back to try all the kinds they have on their menu.
We went in around the third week in August, not too long after they'd opened.  I had the Matador (beef-based) Ramen and here is what you can expect from the ramen at this restaurant:
- A good-size portion, but not as huge as some other ramen places, which I actually appreciated.  When you finish a bowl of ramen here, you are not crazy overly full, as you are at some other restaurants I've been to.
- Very savory broth, a little salty, full of meat flavor, which is how ramen broth should be. It wasn't as mind-blowingly rich as some of the best tonkotsu ramen broth I've had (which is made with pork marrow bones and can take up to 60 hours  to slow cook) but it was good, tasty broth.
- House-made noodles; theirs are nice and chewy and long.  Ramen noodles, made fresh, are soft and chewy at the same time, and they hit this on the mark.
- Various yummy things floating in the broth including meat, greens, and a soft-cooked runny egg, which is also the way the egg in a bowl of ramen should be. Please do not expect a hardboiled egg in your bowl of soup: it's meant to let the yolk run into the broth a bit, which I personally find delicious.
All in all, I'd say the ramen was tasty and definitely fairly loyal to what traditional Japanese ramen is, as far as I've seen.  Again, not blow-you-away spectacular, but if you've never had the real thing before, this is a very good place to start.
We also had a couple of the apps: the chilled duck breast (very good) and the traditional-style Japanese pickles. The portion size of the apps was indeed small (as some others have noted here), but this is 100% normal for a traditional-style Japanese restaurant, therefore this didn't bother me and was actually what I would expect.  I must say I was sort of disappointed by the pickles, they just weren't quite as good as pickles I've had at Japanese and some Korean restaurants, but I'll probably try them again: maybe they're still getting the pickles right.  We had some yummy cold sake, they have a small but good selection. 
We tried the s'mores pie which was tasty but again not blow-you-away delicious.  I'll try a different pie the next time.
As others here have noted, the service is great.  The place is not large, I'd probably not go there with more than a group of 4.  Decor is cute and the place is super clean including the bathrooms.
In sum, if I could give this place a 3.5 I would. I will definitely try it again and I would encourage others to go if you're up for experiencing some yummy and fairly traditional Japanese noodle soup. It's definitely unique in the city, so worth going if only for that reason.  Try it!This is the place to pay way too much for noodles and pie. The ramen is seriously banging as is the pie, but they both cost about twice as much as they should. They also make killer in house sodas. The wait staff is hella professional, and know tons of facts about all the in house stuff they make. They do have a decent happy hour special, which includes food, so if you're going to hit them up do it between 5 and 7.I wasn't at all impressed. It was way too salty. 2 thin slices of fatty pork. Bootys is the place if you want ramen.  And $7 for A SLICE of pie??! No wayThis was my first experience with ramen. I've been wanting to try it for a long time now, and my hopes were very high for this Chinese dish mastered by the Japanese. 
I started with the Korean fried chicken. The flavor was great, but the chicken was just slightly tough. It came with some kimchi that was very good!
My wife and I spit a summer miso and house bowl. Everything was good, but not great. Broth was very rich! Very rich!!! I don't know if I am unfamiliar with Japanese flavor profiles, or they have a twist, or what - I just thought it was all ok. My wife doesn't venture out on cuisine much, and she ate everything. But said she wouldn't go again. Id give it another shot with new ramen to choose.I ordered a large spicy green papaya salad, and champagne. The salad was extremely spicy, and tasted like it had a lot of fish sauce. The shrimp were bland. I tasted it, but I couldn't eat it. So I sent it back. They have a policy where you can't substitute dishes. I asked if I could have ramen instead, and the waiter said I would have to pay for both the ramen and salad. I decided to just drink my champagne. So I paid $35 for a couple glasses of cheap champagne. I am not going there again, and I would advise you to stay away.First visit to Noodle and Pie yesterday night.
I feel like I came in expecting more though due to reviews that I read but here's what I liked and didn't like. 
Drinks:  They do offer a good spread of cold sake which is nice. My friend and I had the Snow Maiden Nigori which goes down really smooth. The sake cocktail I had wasn't too bad either. 
Apps: I found the papaya salad to be quite tasty. It's got good heat and goes well with the crab in it.  We also had some apps like oyster mushrooms on a stick (a little underseasoned) and some curried fishcakes. I'm not sure if the fishcakes are made in house but it was surprisingly mushy.  I'm used to fishcake holding its form and having a good bite to it. 
Ramen:  
Good ramen is created based on its individuals components and how well they go together. I'd rate my Ramen 3.5/5.
I'll break down each part for what we had. 
House Ramen
Broth:  The broth has a smoky and rich taste which I loved. It was very well seasoned. 
Greens: The bitter greens is a nice complement since some of the other items are a little sweeter. 
Meat: The roasted pork had that additional sweet and smoke factor and was very tender. 
Fishcake: See above comment on fishcakes. It became a pile of mush when I tried to pick it up with my chopsticks. Sad X_X
Noodles: The noodles were a little strange. I think they were buckwheat soba noodles but I'm not sure if mine were underdone. I think I would've liked something heartier for this part. 
Egg: Perfect. Good poached egg just the way I like it. 
Dessert:  Bacon and Pecan Pie was good. It is very very rich though. My friend and  I were good with sharing that one piece. The crust is flaky and the flavors are combined well. You will not be disappointed. 
Overall, I'd give the place another try but was not necessarily drawn to come back again for a must-visit.Was told by a foodie friend that this is THE local Momofuku. I can vouch that it is not, but it has a few things going for it:
decent asian fusion food
fleur de hops oomegang beer - right now my absolute favorite
very nice waitresses
great location (in the old reginelli's)
nice atmosphere, interior design and casual furniture
good looking bathrooms
that and the lack of asian variety uptown makes it a 4 star. if they work the menu a little and add some zang, it has the potential for a 5 star casual joint.Ordered the house ramen and it was phenomenal. Broth was a little salty, but overall the dish was well balanced with the spinach, egg, mushrooms and pork. Had the Brussel sprouts, fries, and onion pancake. Absolutely delicious. Will certainly be back again.We had the early bird special, not a bad deal at all. I'll work backwards because the appetizer was truly the best part of the meal- altho we enjoyed everything. The Key lime pie was ok. We ate it up. But I'm glad it was part of the special bc it wasn't a huge piece. Plus, I like my Key lime pie a tad bit more tart. The limes are so sweet on their own. But that's me. Since we each got a slice, we do have some for later. i wish you could choose your pie with the special because I wanted lemon, but I'm just quibbling. No biggie. Vegetarian bowl was tasty. Not too salty at all. I really like the arugula floating in my bowl a lot. Not a lot of complex flavors, but that's what it's suppose to be. Noodles were excellent. I got mine with out egg bc I don't do eggs. Still, the best part was at the beginning. The "shrimp" fries were really tasty, french fries dusted  with dried shrimp powder. I would have stolen more off his plate if I had not been just digging my fried Brussels Sprouts!  I shared with him, but I didn't want to. Oh man! Lots of carmelized leaves, the insides- even the bigger sprouts- cooked perfectly tender but not overcooked. Yummy sauce and a little panko crunch. I could eat more now. I would go again. Might try a sake cocktail?Arrived at Noodle & Pie with a larger group. As others have noted, the space is very lively and fun--not the place for a quiet stuffy dinner. The small dining room is inviting, open and vibrant with bright modern design and a great view of Magazine Street. 
Let me start with the pies. I have a sweet tooth, and honestly if this were just a noodle house, it would be on my list of places that I've been meaning to go to. But who can pass up delicious homemade pie (baked by the pastry chef from Dante's Kitchen)? From what I can tell, there is a small selection of 3-5 pies nightly. We got there late, so the Bacon Pecan and the Blueberry pies were sold out. Our group tried the Honey Pine Nut, Peach, and Lemon Icebox pies. 
The pie slices were big enough to share bites, but small enough to have by yourself if you managed to save room. The peach pie was great--my wife noted that it was not overly sweet so you could really taste the fresh baked crust and the peaches. The lemon pie was a perfect mix of tart and sweet, with a bit of blackberry drizzle. And finally, my favorite was the honey pie. Where the sweetness of the other pies was pleasantly reserved, the honey pie was decadently rich with a great local wildflower honey flavor (this ain't your SueBee honey). The pine nuts and crust kept it from being too cloying, and there was a homemade whipped cream that really balanced well with the honey. I look forward to trying the other pies and seeing which specials make their way onto the list. 
Ok, now back to dinner. There is a simple yet very diverse selection of beer, wine, and sake, as well as some housemade sodas (I really wanted to try the Watermelon Chili soda, but opted for beer instead). 
Our server explained that the food menu is split into small plates (cold and hot) and ramen bowls. We ordered about 7-8 different items. Favorites included the Red Curry Fish Cakes that had a unique sweet and sour flavor, Octopus and Pickled Shrimp salad that had a perfect texture and flavor, and Onigiri (delicious savory  grilled rice cakes). We also tried the Lemon Salted Chicken Skins and the Rolled Chicken Thighs. The Green Papaya salad wasn't my favorite, but I 'm not a huge fan of fish sauce.
I was pleased with our communal order sharing, but when the dishes were cleared for the ramen bowls, I was excited. Let me qualify this by saying I am no noodle or broth enthusiast. You have to do something special to impress me with a bowl of water with some meat in it. We ordered the Beef Ramen, and I was blown away by the flavor. It seemed to have some kale or other bitter greens that were perfectly cooked in the bowl in a way that helped both the greens and the broth. The broth had a bold bouillon flavor that would go great with some red wine. The noodles were cooked to the perfect consistency and were in a good proportion to the other ingredients. The serving size was plenty for two people. 
We also tasted the pork ramen and vegetarian ramen, and they were entirely different--not just a costume change. The pork broth had a very smoky flavor that was almost reminiscent of BBQ. The cooked pork (that was added to the vegetarian broth--it's allowed) was seasoned with a hint of bold sweetness and slightly seared. I can't wait to come back in the winter if I loved it this much in August.I had such hopes for this place - cool renovation, favorite corner uptown. What a LET DOWN!
1st let me say the service was good and super friendly staff and thank goodness because the food was AWFUL. And when I say AWFUL I mean I had to actually come home and cook dinner. Everything I ordered went back - salty lemon chicken skins is basically dry, burnt chicken skin (and very little of it) on a skewer for $5 I might ad. Tried the King mushrooms- soggy, bland mess. We even tried a veggie noddle bowl. Last time I checked veggie indicated veggies meaning more than one, so I don't know that overcooked ramen (yes I said ramen) with undercooked kale and an egg really qualifies. Needless to say that after all that and a $3.25 glass of flavorless ice tea I was just a tad, shall we say, starving. So I tried the pie, because really Asian noodles and homemade pie are such a natural combo.
In truth the pie wasn't bad, and really the only thing that would make me MAYBE come back.......maybe. All I know is that it was an hour of my life that I will never get back and I went home "hangry" to boot! (and yes I meant hangry - angry and hungry people learn it)
Look, I applaud the efforts for an Asian fusion concept restaurant (I still have no idea what the heck that even means), but this is a huge miss. Maybe they should stick with pie and leave the Asian fusion for another day.I have rated this restaurant 4* for dinner and was more than pleased that they opened for lunch.  This review is based on LUNCH.  
We live about an hour from N&P and so don't go as often as I'd like so I took the lunch option and my birthday for a reason to go.  
Very underwhelming.  I'd love to ask the chef why even do a lunch if you aren't going to have the most popular items?   Overall it is fine but compared to their dinner menu?   Not even close.  
First of all our waitress (dark red hair) seemed very dour.  She never smiled, never had a  type of conversation and didn't even apologize that they were out of or didn't have more than 50% of the things we love when we go there at night.
*Bone Marrow -Dinner Only
*Crab & Pork bowl - Dinner Only
*Rose's Lemonade - Out of
*Blueberry Pie - Out of
*special of the day red wine - Out of 
Our server didn't know anything about any of the wines. Since they were out of the house red, I asked for a taste of one of the ones by the glass.  I'm glad I asked for a taste because it was corked.  Tasted like vinegar.  Ended up with a glass of Pinot which was fine.  
We ordered the OKONOMIYAKI FRIES and the BLACK PEPPER FRIED CALAMARI.  Both of these were very good and we enjoyed the "moving fries".  
The Okonomiyki Fries were very fun and we enjoyed the view of them "moving".  Nice crispy fries with a hint of smokey from the bonito flakes.  We would have liked a little more of the kyupi and tonkatsu but they were still good as served.  
The Black Pepper Fried Calamari were delicious and cooked just right.  Very tender.  The sauce is very citrusy.  Good combination.  
For the entrees we ordered a rice bowl, two noodle bowls and a kids bowl.  
The KIMCHI KATSUO DON was very tasty and if I had to go back for lunch I might order this or the curry.  When I think of rice bowl I think of Chirashi and that is not what this is.  The kimchi wasn't very spicy but the flavors were nicely put together.  
The House Bowl was the house bowl.  It isn't my favorite but I didn't order it.  The person who ordered it very much enjoyed it.
The kids bowl we ordered with not much broth and pork belly.  Bowl came with probably less broth than normal but it was still covering the noodles.  My daughter ate the pork belly and left the rest in the bowl.  She doesn't enjoy broth with her noodles.  (I know!)  Next time we might order her just the pork belly.   
My favorite is the Shio crab and Pork bow and is probably in the top 20 things I've ever eaten.  The Summer Miso Ramen is just not comparable.  It is fine for what it is but it just doesn't stand out to me at all.  
Several from our table were ready to order the blueberry pie but they were out so we settled on all sharing the Shoo Fly Pie.  The pie was good.  
On the hour drive home it was agreed that we could have had the appetizers and pie and called it a day.  The ramen available for lunch is just very underwhelming.  
I would not recommend Noodle & Pie for lunch at all and especially not as a destination meal.  As excited as I was about N&P finally opening for lunch I stick by my rule that if you aren't going to do it right, don't do it at all.  Maybe they'll eventually open the full menu for lunch and if so, I'll be back.  
My Recommendation:   If you are set on going here for lunch, be ready for sullen wait staff and call ahead to make sure they have what you want to order.I went twice early on and liked it, but didn't love it. Went back last week and loved it. Both noodle bowls were incredibly rich with flavors, especially the crab broth with pork. Ramen from a packet - which I have not outgrown even though college is a distant memory - will make now me a little sadder than usual when I eat it, since it will serve chiefly to remind me of what it could aspire to. Note: large bowl is actually large. Didn't have room for pie. I'll be back for that. Save me a slice.Chicken paitan ramen is the best! I don't really like their other broths in the other ramens. Only order chicken patian there! You'll be so happy you did.
Their small plates like brussels, Korean fried chicken, corn fritters are very nice. Pies are also bomb.We came here after readin about it on The Thrill List and the reviews were really good so we decided to try it. We ordered the shashu ramen extra spicy with spicy bean sprouts. The portion was perfect but what we thought was going to be spicy ended up being a helping of Sriracha sauce! It was more bland than anything. I was actually disappointed.A five based on the food and ambiance, but the place has some just-opened, new-restaurant type kinks to iron out.
Order the King Mushroom and the Lemon Cream Pie.Cocktails were tasty but not very strong. Had a Korean chicken small plate that I liked, but the ramen bowls my friend and I had were both salty and not that exciting (house and brisket). The home made noodles were definitely the best part of it. I asked someone who I think was the owner for sriracha because there was only some sort of salted spice mix on the table and he seemed pretty offended. Other than that service was fine. Probably won't return unless it's for the early bird special.I think people may be unclear about what kind of noodles are served here. This is (by and large) a Japanese style noodle house. That means they serve ramen, traditionally accompanied by nori (seaweed), a soft-boiled egg, and some type of pork. If you have never had ramen, or think those things are weird in noodle soup, then you might not be inclined to give this place a good review. 
That being said, their house ramen is really good! Pretty traditional, except that the broth didn't seem to be tonkotsu (pork bone) and was instead a beef based broth. Still, very tasty. Noodles are homemade, respect! I'm from San Francisco and have been to Japan, and this ramen is the best in the city (not saying much in Nola...). It's not as good as ramen in California, NYC, or Japan obviously, but it holds its own. 
I like that there are two different bowl sizes, so you can save room for pie. Also you can get extra noodles, or add more pork products to your bowl. Yay options! 
The small plates are more "Asian fusion." We got the short ribs, which were falling off the bone delicious. Also got shrimp korokke, which are like shrimp croquettes. These were ok, but the filling was like a paste with no discernible shrimp and the whole dish was really sweet. Too intense for me. Fried brussels sprouts were good, but how do you go wrong with that? I guess they were made Asian-y by the inclusion of panko. Although the panko was just sitting in grease on the plate instead of covering the sprouts. 
Pie!!! Ok so this is such a weird combo and I think that's why I resisted coming here for so long, even being the noodle soup lover I am. And I'm not going to say it works as a dessert for Asian food. But their key lime pie and chocolate pecan (I think it was pecan) were so yummy! In the future I would come for one or the other. 
Everyone was happy. This place is solid for either noodles or pie, whichever your heart desires. And so far, best ramen I've found in Nola!
Edit: people, this is NOT expensive! My bowl was $10! Do you have any idea how laborious it is to make ramen broth?? And they make their own noodles! That speaks to a higher quality product, which you should be happy to pay for.The food was delicious and inventive -- we tried the smashed heirloom tomato salad with fresh crab, the grilled sausage roll, charred Brussels sprouts, and the House Bowl. All fabulous, especially the Brussels sprouts. The service was friendly but uneven -- everyone's food came out at different times and by the time our waiter got back to check on us, only one piece of pie remained. We'd still be regulars if we lived in New Orleans.The first time my wife and I visited Noodle & Pie, we didn't even make it to the "noodle" portion of the menu as the small plate/starters were so tempting. Paige loved her Chinese style sticky spareribs (those little bones were perfectly denuded of their succulent flesh when she was done) and we both tore into the deep fried brussel sprouts & char grilled octopus with relish. The grilled shrimp, Thai spicy papaya salad (loaded with sweet crab meat) & mushroom agedashi tofu were all winners as well...we had to take pie home as we had no hope of enjoying any right after the tasty tapas treats.
    On our most recent visit, the blustery cold sent us straight to ramen (after a tasty starter of shrimp cracker fries...fantastico!); my lovely spouse gave the house bowl
 (  silky smoked chicken broth & sweet slow cooked pork shoulder)  two thumbs up. My vegetarian bowl was amazing and now holds my title for best vegetarian broth in town (at least in the casual restaurant category). Superb! The noodles were properly chewy and flavorful.
     Oh, and about those pies we took home: the heirloom apple with spices and chantilly cream was a by the numbers, tasty pie with no surprises but plenty of flavor while not at all cloying (my main complaint of many fruit pies). The chocolate & white chocolate peppermint cream pie was an absolute delight; fluffy, sweet, tart, rich and refreshing all at once.
     The space is a stylish remodel of the Reginelli's that used to occupy the location (now across the street)., with light wood everywhere and a bit of a fusion of rustic farmhouse meets modern Asian vibe. The staff is friendly and efficient. One complaint: none of the seats have backs, but that is a small price to pay for stellar noodles.After hearing a great deal about Noodle and Pie (some good, some bad), I was very satisfied with my first visit here. Note that we came early in the dinner shift, and I wasn't very hungry; nevertheless, I enjoyed everything and will be back. All of the small plates worked well, especially the beef hearts. Everyone was pleased with the ramen, and the pie was top notch.I've now been to Noodle & Pie twice, which is not very impressive since it is a short walk from my apartment. My first visit was for dinner, and both my girlfriend and I enjoyed our meals but were somewhat underwhelmed. I guess that's why it took me so long to go back.
On my second visit today for lunch, I liked it much more. I don't remember what I ate the first time, but today I had the kimchi rice bowl, which was very good. There was a great mix of flavors and textures and it really hit the spot. I could have eaten even more. My friend had the house bowl (ramen) and said that it was delicious. Maybe I'll try that next time.
We shared a piece of apple pie for dessert. Sadly, I was quite unimpressed again. I always like my apple pie served warm; this one was cold. The crumble on top was thin and the bacon pieces were small and few in number. I guess I just expected more from a place that has "pie" in its name. 
No issues with price or service, so I'll gladly give it another go.We would begin the experience by a cold greeting at the door, later finding out it was the manager. From there it continued downhill. You can all put the puzzle pieces together. Service, ehhhh, especially with overpriced tiny portions, I understand tapas but, w/o WoW factor involved it doesn't deserve $9 for 2 bites each. The spoons for the noodle bowls require the mouth of a horse to fit them in. Highlight of the night, not the noodles or the pie but, the house made pickles. It's a fun space to dine in if you like to eat with people you don't know as the tables on the wall are very close. To each his own.............This place is new so expect it to evolve and improve as it finds its niche.  That being said, I loved it.  Great, knowledgeable waitstaff, promt service.  Short but adequate drink menu.  The pork belly appetizer was unbelievable.  My date and I both got the ramen.  I got the house special and she got the Matador.  There are a number of options to add to your choice bowl, we both added the pork.  We thought it was delicious, rich, and savory.  
The place has a great cozy feel, open kitchen, hip lighting.  Prices were very reasonable as well.  We will be going back in the near future and can't wait to see how this place develops and improves.phenomenal food with exceptional service. cannot go wrong with shrimp french fries, pork belly, or specialty bowl. The reese's pie was the best!Let me preface by saying any review when a restaurant is new is only worth so much.  That said, I will get straight to the point. The food is ok, not bad not great, just not special.  Chinese spareribs were good but overly salty. A little starch like rice to offset the salt would have helped.  The grilled octopus was fine, not great.  The matador was the ramen I ordered.  Broth was not flavorful enough.  Oddly, they had no pork broth ramen on the menu.  
By now you are wondering why they still get 4 stars despite mediocre food.  Two reasons. Service was very good, especially for a new restaurant. And secondly, the pie was amazing, as in the best banana cream pie I've ever had in my life. Life changing pie. Light, fresh, didn't rely on sugar...  I will definitely return if for no other reason than for more pie.REDNECKS 'DO' RAMEN!
I'll start by saying that my experience here was SO BAD that I had to go and start a Yelp account just so I could warn others. I'm not one to use the internet or blogoshpere to bash places, but this was so criminally bad I had to make an exception!
Where to begin? The decor? Well, let's just say the place looks like a Eurotrash hair salon. Somewhere you'd expect to see Adam Sandler from 'You Don't Mess With the Zohan'. Orange walls. Bright teal floor. Cheesy multi-colored bulbs hanging over the bar. Everything looks cheap and gaudy. And it is LOUD -- both in volume and in decor. A far cry from the exterior of the place...which is a subtle blue-gray color with nice graphics and vibe on great corner of Magazine. From the outside you think you're headed to a top-notch Ramen shop and about to have an amazing experience. The moment you set foot inside, it all goes to hell.
The host/manager was cold and unwelcoming. The staff was inattentive and unprofessional. It felt as if you were on a sinking ship and the crew had accepted their inevitable demise. Considering the place was virtually empty during the peak of dinner rush, my guess is business has been less than stellar...and I would soon come to find out why.
The food was laughable. Now, I don't expect to get NYC/SF/Los Angeles quality Ramen in New Orleans. That's a bit of a pipe dream, so I wasn't even expecting much. But this bad? WOW. Our appetizers were cold. The green papaya salad came with papaya that wasn't even ripe, thus inedible. Spareribs were rubbery like a McRib. The noodles weren't fully cooked - al dente ramen, is that even possible? The broth tasted awful, and it seems they tried to mask the 'flavor' by adding tons of salt. I've had better Top Ramen and Cup-of-Noodles; no exaggeration! You could tell these guys only know how to cook southern/creole food, because everything had that type of flavoring and preparation. I couldn't help but wonder if anyone on the crew has ever set foot outside of New Orleans to SF/LA/Seattle/NYC to taste what real ramen shops cook up -- highly doubtful.
We were planning to get pie, but by the time we finished our dinner we couldn't wait to get out of there. In fact, we ended up having to go eat somewhere else right afterwards because everything we ordered was damn near inedible and we were still starving.
The whole experience is sad because for many people in New Orleans, especially college kids in the uptown area, this will be their first exposure to a Ramen house. It is such a far cry from what they could normally come to expect. I can only guess it will leave a bad taste in their mouth -- literally and figuratively. Then again, based on some of the positive reviews here, it seems like people don't know any better what great ramen should taste like, so why even bother to cook proper ramen? Noodle and Pie is just a poor attempt to cash in on the Ramen boom happening in America. Nothing worse than places that exploit a type of food/culture and do it ZERO justice. Culinary ignorance at its worst.
Save your time and money and avoid this place! If you're still dying to have a bowl of ramen, head over to Booty's (in the Bywater) or Lucky Rooster, where you can get a ramen bowl that is a million times better (although the latter is more of a Chinese soup than a true Ramen bowl. Still a better bet!).BLUF:  I would go back for the small plates but not for the noddle bowls (just not my style).  
Awesome atmosphere even though there are uptown yuppies everywhere.  College restaruant.  Staff was over worked our night but they were good.
Started off with the green samari sake drink.  It was pretty good but not spectacular.  sake with green tea.
We started with the fries.  They were super awesome.  We split the small.  I kinda feel like you would almost be completely full if you ate a whole small by yourself.  there is a lot going on with the fries and it is great.
Then got the calamari.  Comes with a very interesting dressing on the side and lettuce to wrap them up.  Very very good.  Great flavor.
Then we got the spicy shrimp papaya salad.  Sounded super intesting but it was not very good.  The only flavor it had was spicy.  Waaay too spicy.  Couldnt even finish it.  The slice the shrimps in half lengthwise so you think you got more shrimp than you did.   Not a fan.
Then for the main dish we split a small bowl of the house bowl which was bbq pork.  It was pretty good but i am just not a fan of that kinda stuff. I dont like pho and i dont really dig this noodle bowl.  
I would go back and get all small plates and a piece of pie for dessert.  i was dissapointed i didnt leave room for dessert.  pies looked great.yum! loved the green beans, ramen, and pie!! dog friendly outdoor seating -- our waitress brought over some treats and even a tennis ball to entertain my puppy! will definitely be back.Way overpriced.  I ordered the house bowl and the Strawberry Pie.
While the ramen was tasty, there was only a small handful of noodles in my bowl and one strip of meat along with the usual garnishings.
I've never had strawberry pie before, but it wasn't anything special and again very small portion for an American restaurant.  Especially for $6.50 a slice
Total was $19.20 and I left hungry.
Service was inattentive.  
I give it two stars because the restaurant itself along with the little food I did get was decent.Noodle & Pie seemed like a strange concept, but it caught my attention so we tried it! The restaurant is modernized Japanese and fits right in on Magazine St. with the opening window-doors. 
I didn't care too much for the cocktails and drinks...but my favorite had to be the Korean Fried Chicken. The ramen had a deep, brothy flavor and could be soy sauce-based. It's not quite an authentic interpretation of Japanese ramen, but it's decent. Slightly disappointed with the ramen, but the Korean Fried Chicken made up for that. We had our "Noodle" but didn't have room for pie so hopefully, I'll get to try the pie next time!I got the chicken bowl and my boyfriend got the house bowl. I gave it two thumbs down and he called his lackluster. not a ton of flavor, undercooked noodles, disappointing service.  definitely going to stick to eating pho instead. 
the pie was good, we split a piece of blueberry with lemon whipped cream and a piece of peach pie with whipped cream. I could definitely make better at my own house. I'm bummed this place let me down!The only reason why I would give this place a 2 is because of the decor and pies. The drinks here are way overpriced and the food is very salty. The end.