Place was grimey. Service for lunch on a weekday was slow and terrible. We were forgotten about multiple times, people who sat way after us getting drinks and food first. We left after one cocktail. Not the place to be.Home made not frozen chicken fingers were really good. Excellent server! I would definitely go back. The outside balcony was cool to sit at as well.Good service, mediocre food and drink. In new Orleans I expect better than this, I ordered the fried catfish with crawfish and sauce, it was cold, lacked flavor, a small portions and 16$ at a place with paper napkins, vinyl table cloths. I would have gotten a better meal at Denny s for half the price. Beers, 10 once I think we're about 4$ a piece and no chilled glass, just warm and boring. Bottom line, had it been half the price I might have felt ok about it but instead I left feeling cheated out of a good meal.I live a couple blocks down from this place and just discovered it. The steak is awesome, servings are big and friendly service. Also the free peanuts are so good I always bring home a box full of them!This is a great simple place. Great food- terrific service. We had the fried pickles, crayfish balls, the bisque, gumbo,poor boys- everything was great.  We were a large (loud) group and we sat outside and had a blast. Great bloody Mary's - and beer selection. Highly recommend.O'Henry's has been an option for us when we have a large group with children.  Never would we go there for a nice dinner out, but we've always viewed it as "better than MacDonald's."  Not anymore.  Service is horrible, no once actually seats you, and the food was terrible.  We vowed to never go there again, even though the kids always like it due to the peanuts and decent kids' menu.Probably some of the best burgers Uptown! Great service, casual atmosphere, AMAZING burgers. Even though throwing peanut shells on the ground is no longer allowed, you still get peanuts. It's so good, my friends and I make sure to hit it up at least once a month. Overall great place!Eat on the upper deck. There is a nice breeze being higher that the ground and you're farther from the road. The service is prompt and friendly. I went simple with the Caesar salad and was not disappointed. Overall a good experience.I really tried to give O Henry's a chance! The only time my meal was decent is when I only ordered a basket of fries with my many beers. Potential customers keep in mind appetizers are small, spicy is mild, and medium rare is closer to medium well. The only thing positive here is the beer, environment and the staff.One of my favorite places to eat!  The crawfish balls are a must try!  The service has always been good there as well.I offered to take my dad out for lunch on his birthday. Luckily he chose O'Henry's out of the blue. Once we browsed the menu, we realized that the restaurant offers a free steak meal to diners on their birthday. Score! My dad ordered the steak and my bill became $15 bucks cheaper! I enjoyed a Cajun fried chicken and potato dish and all were pleased. In case you were wondering, they still allow you to throw peanut shells on the floor.Though not the best food I've ever had the service was great, the food was fresh and the waitress was friendly/very personable.  My son had a burger w/fries and I had the shrimp po'boy.  We had the fried pickles for an appetizer.   The fried pickles were decent and I've been comparing across the country... lol.  The best I've ever had were in Wrightsville Beach, NC, but this was a decent runner up.  I've had pickles in Raleigh, NC, Washington, DC and various places in Va.  My son ordered the chicken bbq sandwich to go and it was really, really good!  My po'boy honestly wasn't the best bc it wasn't seasoned, but the bread/ingredients were fresh and the food came out fast.Nice little corner dive bar.  The po' boys were on great rolls; could have used just a little more dressing, but the stuffings -- catfish, oyster, crawfish, etc  - were all fresh and well-seasoned.O'Henry's is a gimmick restaurant for sure.  They're menu is completely average, and really just a "cajun-ized" version of TGI Friday's.  When you're seated, there is a big pile of shelled peanuts there waiting for you, and you are encouraged to discard your used shells directly onto the floor.  
If that isn't enough to discourage you from coming to this place, I've been here two or three times (admittedly quite a few years ago) and each time I have experienced stomach issues each time.  I clearly remember one particular time that I ordered the black bean burger (which is not currently on the menu) that I felt awful for a couple days, and vowed to never return.
I would suggest the nearby Camellia Grill or Trolley Stop Cafe instead, both of which are great local places.A friend and I took a chance with the looming storm and sat in the upstairs balcony. Sure enough, the rain came and came hard. If you don't mind a little sprinkle, sitting upstairs during a rainstorm is quite invigorating. The wait staff are friendly albeit very forgetful at times.
The food was really good and so were the drinks. Don't really have anything negative to say about my visit here.Great food, good service! I really liked the chicken fingers. Plump and juicy. My husband ordered the steak and liked it too! :) We would definitely go back if we were in the area. :)This place was great! We stopped in with my daughter's volleyball team. Nothing like a group of 20 showing up on your doorstep! They were very accommodating. Their service was fast and friendly! We will def be back! Thanks again!
PS- the Bloody Mary was soooo yummy!Post-work, and shift-cocktails the mister picked me up and we went to grab some late dinner at Camellia Grill. Once we realized that it was Friday night, and that there was a bit of a wait, that our innebriated appitites wouldn't allow, decided to check out O'Henry's. O'Oops. It's one of those places we keep seeing, but never went into we went. We won't again. 
Boring. We each got build-your-own burgers. They had some cool toppings, which ended up flavorless. They also managed to mix up my veggie burger with a real burger... Not tragic, I noticed before I chomped in. They had cheap cocktails, that were liquorless and nice servers, that were serve-less. 
Oh well. Once again, not horrible. Just left a lot to be desired.I had a hard time deciding between 2 or 3 stars for this place. I ended up with 3 because there was nothing specifically bad about my visit, it just left a lot to be desired. 
I had a few coworkers in town and we decided explore for a place to eat. Being new to New Orleans, everything we tried was by chance. We sat outside on the upstairs balcony and it provided a great setting for the meal. I ordered the deli burger and it came out just as ordered. The food just seemed to be nothing special and left me wondering whether it was a chain-restaurant. I wouldn't say I'd never go back, but I won't be suggesting this as my first choice.I think that I had the most sloppy burger there ever. It was not that good and it fell apart before I even could take a bite. 
Service was slow for the amount of people there and on top of that no fruit to make smoothies when I went... :(
However, if the burger hadn't fallen apart it probably would have made it better. And the guy who was our server was really nice.Mediocre at BEST. Out of all the fabulous places to eat in the city, why O'Henrys? Comparable to  TGI Fridays or  Chili's. 
Service, mediocre. Food, mediocre. Prices, mediocre. Nothing is special or great about this place.the veterans location is much better! however they make a seriously good burger. the service at this location kind of sucks.Such a comfortable little "burger-n-beer" place! Enjoy everything we've ever ordered. A must try is the chicken tchoupitoulas!!! Finger lickin' good with the sautéed crawfish and Monica sauce!! Yumm!!I grew up with the founder of O'Henry's family.  Henry Rosenblatt is a great guy and O'Henry's was a decent place in the 80's and 90's.  Fast forward to 2014.....
Besides the restaurant being completely filthy, unfriendly service and overpriced, the food is terrible.
To say that the grilled chicken sandwich I had tasted like cardboard would be an insult to cardboard.
The "bowl" of gumbo was a cup serving in a bowl.
*Throwing peanut shells on the ground was a trademark of these restaurants.  Our disgruntled waiter greeted us by telling us "THE RULE IS NO PEANUT SHELLS ON THE GOUND".  None of us care about throwing peanut shells on the ground but politely informing us that they should be placed in a basket is the correct way to treat a customer.
Never, ever again.Eh, it was okay but I've had better.
A group of us stopped in here for dinner after the last elite event. I suggested this place, mainly because it was a few doors down from our event venue and I figured they would have something for everyone. There was no one really here on a Sunday night, except for a few parties and it was a nice evening, so we were seated on the balcony area upstairs.
I want to start by saying that our waiter was Mike and he couldn't have been any better. He was good about getting us our drinks and anything else that we needed and he didn't complain when we asked if we could split the check seven ways.
For my entree, I ordered the shrimp and grits and I think everyone else got a burger and one person got chicken fingers. When my food came out it was warm on top and cooler in the center. I think that the kitchen probably made mine first, stuck it under the heat lamps and then made everyone else's burgers. It wasn't a huge deal- the dish was still pretty good and I was hungry so I ate most of it. It wasn't the best shrimp and grits I've ever eaten, but it hit the spot. Next time I'm here with a big group, I think I'm going to just order a burger like everyone else and not throw the kitchen any curve balls.
The balcony area was really nice and spacious and I liked the "New Orleans-y" feel it had while we all sat, chatted and ate, so I would probably return for that experience.Tasty food, beer selections were limited.I liked the basket of peanuts, nice touch. Very good cat fish and beans and rice. The portion of fried oysters was disappointing, 6 for $16? That's why the 3 and not a 4, 10 were the minimum I expected..My husband and I rode the trolley car up the line after doing the Garden district tour.  O'Henry's was close to the trolley stop and looked decent.  We went in to get a drink.  We wound up on the balcony which was nice. Alyssa was our server.  We asked her for recommendations and went with what she suggested.  I had the Mimosa(had her add bitters) and my husband went with the bacon vodka Bloody Mary.  We stuck with the 2 house specialities for appetizers(crawfish balls and bayou wrappers) and were not disappointed. Service, drinks and food were good.  If you're are looking for a place to kick back, do some people watching and take a break, O'Henry's fits the bill.Not your best restaurant but if you want simple burgers without any fuss go there...They have offers on beer on tuesdayThe single best word to describe O'Henry's is: BLAH!  
I think this place is terrible and this local chain is the New Orleans version of Applebee's or Chili's.  They do give free steaks to people on their birthdays but beyond that I just can't say much nice about the food.  Some people say it is impossible to have a bad meal in New Orleans but the handful of times I've eaten here ALL qualified as bad meals.  The food is bland, boring, lifeless, and has no discernible flavor.
If your just looking for a burger, steak, or chicken tenders go to the nearby GB's Patio Bar & Grill behind Madigan's for a much better meal.
This O'Henry's location is awesome with a great balcony but it is hands down the worst food to be had anywhere in the area.  You can eat generic crap food like this anywhere else in America so do yourself a favor and eat at a real restaurant to enjoy the food that makes New Orleans the special place it is.  If your the kind of person that likes their McDonald's, Applebee's and Chili's then you will LOVE this place so please go here as you won't like real New Orleans food anyway.Boy am I surprised by this review.  Can't judge a book by it's cover, right?
Came here on Easter Sunday after church for lunch.  We weren't really sure what to expect, but our expectations weren't super high.  After eating out three meals a day for a week in New Orleans, O'Henry's may have been our favorite meal!
The service was awesome and extremely personable.  The ambiance was very New Orleans.  There was a live jazz musician on the upstairs patio and we really enjoyed his performance.  
Mom had the Yard Bird YA YA ($15.99) and thought it was great. She especially liked the ettouffee and gumbo that she asked to have on the side instead.   My bronzed ahi tuna sandwich ($11.99) was extremely flavorful.  Dad got the grilled fish lunch ($9.99) and raved about it.  They've gotta be doing something right if my dad raved about tilapia for crying out loud.  It was one of those rare meals where everyone at the table enjoyed every aspect of their meal, without a single critique.We arrived during lunch time and they were really slow; We're talking one guy downstairs and maybe a group on the balcony. We sat down, they brought us a menu-didn't ask about drinks-and then left us there for 15 minutes without any acknowledgement. We decided to leave and head to the pizza place across the street during the downpour where we were warmly welcomed as soon as we walked in. So thanks, O'Henry's for pushing us into a great lunch at a different restaurant!Took a couple of friends on a streetcar ride to Audubon Park and we went to O'Henry's for lunch. We sat outside on the upper covered deck. Food was good and service was excellent, the three of us ate for about $40 with the tip. Nice place to go if you want to get away from the Quarter and don't own a car, the street car stops right around the corner.After being ill for a few days, and had not eaten much as a result, I finally got my appetite back, and all I wanted was a burger.  I wasn't really feeling like going out, so I racked my brain for a Burger delivery place and couldn't think of anything acceptable (i.e. Wing Zone, St Charles Tavern), and finally decided I was hungry enough to peel myself of the sofa and go get something.
O'Henrys is very close to where I live and had visited a time or two in the past.  While it isn't a first choice destination, it would have to do.  
Throwing peanut shells on the floor is encouraged at O'Henry's and the OCD clean freak in me can barely stand walking in and not grabbing a broom.  It just is plain messy.  That aside, I know some people enjoy that kind if thing, and if they can live with it, well, live and let live.
I called in my order to a very cheerful and nice person (maybe he was the manager?)on the phone.  He said it would be ready in ten minutes.  It took about ten minutes for me to get there, an as soon as I walked in my food was being packed up.  Good timing!
Anyway, as always the food was good.  It was hot, fresh and prepared just as I had asked.  I asked for a lot of extras and my food was slightly modified from how things are normally served and all of my order was made correctly.
O'Henry's is just American food with local favorites and staples. Think TGI Fridays or Applebees with a New Orleans flare.  They offer Crawfish Monica, Fried Catfish, Clubs, Burgers, Chicken Fingers, Salads and all the things you would expect.  Everything is decent to pretty good. 
There is outdoor seating and have little bar.  The girl who was bartending when I was there last time was sweet and friendly.Hands down the best chicken tenders than I have ever had in my entire life.  OMG  they were amazing.  And, the sauces that they offer are just as good.
I also got a burger, which was really really tasty, but it was to small.
I plan on going back there again for diner or lunchOn your birthday you get a free steak here... so I went cause who would turn down free food.  Truth is I really have had better...  It's not bad but to be not excited about a free steak then there really must be something very wrong.Ok, first - the fried pickles were great. My husband liked his burger. That's the end of the good news. Table and chairs had food crumbs all over them. I ordered a chicken sandwich on a jalapeño cheese bun. Sounds good, huh? It came on a cold untoasted ciabatta roll- think half cooked biscuit dough. When I told the waiter, he argued with me ( I'm 60, I know what jalapeños and cheese both look and taste like), didn't offer to do anything to correct it and avoided us as much as he could from then on. I took the bread off and ate the chicken breast with a knife and fork. Not much flavor, but okay. Then the manager came over ( with an attitude), and said " so one of you has a problem with the bread?" I told her the same thing I told the waiter and she argued with me, pointing to one little dark speck in the bread- there's a jalapeño. Her excuse was that they don't make their own bread- what does that have to do with anything? She left, only to return apologizing for being confrontational. I told her I am not used to being argued with by not one but 2 employees. She gave me a card for $10 off the next time- like there will be a next time! While all of this was going on, we watched a huge roach crawl across the window. Nice.
BTW- her card went in the trash. I have a business a block away and we had hoped to be able to add this place to our "lunch rotation ". Mediocre food, horrible service, dirty- we'll go to one of the 8 other restaurants in the area. Disgusting experience- never again.This place is awesome, don't be turned off by the peanuts all on the floor, this is good eating. I love the steak, the shrimp, the fish its all good! Oh and chile them hurricanes....yasss!!!Parking in that area is kind of a pain in the butt especially when its raining. When we first walked in it was half empty but still felt uncomfortable seating anywhere. The tables are so close together, the people next to us was chatting away the entire time and it felt as if they were sitting at our table telling us a story. We got the Fried Bayou Wrapper starter and it was pretty good. Love the fact we could fill up on Peanuts while we waited and throw them on the floor. We ordered the Crawfish Tchoupitoulas that came with Jambalaya and Red beans that tasted like Popeyes. My food was great, but my wife ordered a cheesy henry i think its called. We ordered it med but should have order it well, it had a odd texture to it, tasted good but odd. We did order there fresh squeezed lemon aid that was way to tart and tasted like a sour mix they were nice enough to take off the bill. Our final bill was little higher then what we thought it would be for what we got. Waitress was really nice and we had an good overall experience. I would go there again if nothing else i wanted was open in that area, but i wouldn't go to far out my way.Very chill place for lunch but beware of the food/price correlation. If you are looking for burgers or seafood, this is your place. The chicken and shrimp monica pasta I ordered was delicious! The shrimp was the best thing on the plate simply because it was the most seasoned. I can't say that there is something for everyone since the menu has changed so much over the years. The chicken was juicy but it wasn't exploding with as much flavor as I would've hoped. Red beans is a New Orleans special and you'll find yourself equating the red beans here to other places. It may not be a good thing because you want to say one is better than the other but if I were a tourist and I came here for red beans, I'd be disappointed. The service is friendly and the environment is pretty casual. Enjoy!I ordered the steak and bourbon chicken , for 17.99 it was pretty good. Service was subpar.Used to go here all the time for excellent steak and excellent service. Left New Orleans for a while and came back for a month. New staff seemed less friendly at first but our waitress was the sweetest little thing!! Second time we came she was so excited to see us and even remembered our orders to the T! Anyways. I used to think the steak was the best thing on the menu but then I tried the ribs. OMG. I swear we went 3 times in one week just for those ribs. Huuuuge rack. I get it with no sauce. Amazing. Can't wait to get back.My wife and I were looking for a late lunch but every restaurant we wanted to go to was a closed, it was a Monday. We ended up at  O'Henrys, it was not busy and the service was very friendly but a little inattentive. I ordered the tuna sandwich and thought it was delicious, my wife ordered one of their hamburgers and it was one of the better burgers I've had in NO. Their menu says they grind filet mignon fresh every morning for their burgers, the meat was outstanding. I would have no problem sending people to O'Henrys for a burger.Gone twice...place isn't great at all. Only thing good was crawfish balls and alligator sausage. But simple veggie burger or pasta was just plain awful. Sad so! I give up!We were trying to decide between here and Camelia Grill for lunch. Camelia had a higher rating, but O'Henry's had that lovely looking outdoor balcony/gallery and it was a beautiful day. We didn't regret our decision because our waitress was friendly, the food was tasty, service was good, and sitting outside was pleasant. 
My husband and I both got Po Boy lunch combos and we were shocked by how huge the servings were. I had the Hurricane shrimp Po boy with gumbo and my husband had the alligator sausage Po boy and a apple pecan salad. Very tasty and enjoyable lunch.Chili covered fries were good, but the salad dressings were atrocious. Filled with oil and had ZERO taste. If you want to have a greasy salad, than Bon appetite!No the most opulent place, but the burgers and steaks were good and cooked as ordered.. We sat on the balcony and had a great view of uptown while we were dining.Only came here for a drink but had THE BEST bloody Mary and a great bartender. Great service and tastiest bloody Mary I've ever had.O'No, It's O'Henry's.. The food here is typical american casual dining fair. If you take the St. Charles streetcar past the Garden District, you quickly realize that it's probably taking you to hell so you should get off at Carrollton Ave. Upon doing so, we came across O'Henry's.
The inside was a bit crowded, but we were told that there was additional outdoor seating upstairs, which we graciously declined account of the 40 degree weather. The waitress was prompt and effeicent, though seemed overwhelmed with the few tables she had. We ordered the "sesame chicken wings" as an appetizer which were actually quite tasty. I ordered the Bourbon Chicken which was nothing more than a chicken breast topped with cheese and some type of bbq sauce. It was edible I suppose. It wasn't the worst dining experience, but it left much to be desired.Enjoyed apps of fried Crawfish Balls which were drizzled with creamy Monica Sauce. I don't know what Monica sauce is, but it  as delicious. Because of the description, we decided on fried Bayou wrappers made with chicken, andouille and cheese stuffed into tortilla shell, rolled up and fried until perfectly browned. We also went for the usual fried pickles with ranch dressing. 
Sat on the upstairs deck and enjoyed the sites.Meh. WIth NOLA's other offerings, this place seems very vanilla and nondescript. We were roaming around this neighborhood and were quite hungry (and thirsty) so we picked a random restaurant. We chose this one because of the outdoor dining area since it was a beautiful day out.
The food itself isn't spectacular. Think chain restaurant in Anytown, USA.Cuisine traditionnelle américaine savoureuse. On en a pour son argent. Service rapide et efficace.Hop on the St. Charles trolley and get off at Carrollton Street and you'l find yourself at a crossroad with restaurants around. 
We decided with O'Henry to enjoy their great balcony seats to soak up the sun over a cold beer.  Our waitress was super nice and friendly.  You get a bowl of peanuts, perfect snack with the beer while waiting for your food.  Don't worry about the shells, just throw them on the floor!
We ordered the seafood platter (oysters, fish, shrimps and crawfish ball) - I'm not big on fried seafood (can't eat too much batter without getting sick) but it was good.  I have to start peeling off the batter after a couple pieces but the fish was flakey and juicy.  Our platter came without the oysters but the waitress made things right and we got a fresh plate of 6 fried oysters - juicy and tasty.
Also had a bowl of corn/crawfish chowder - thick and flavorful.DON'T go! Food was horrible. My sister and I got the seafood platter and the shrimp was spoiled. No hush-puppies on the platter because the cook dropped them on the floor and they didn't have anymore in the back. Again, DON'T go! You'll be better off getting a hot dog from a convenient store.I'm going to keep this short and sweet.  I went on a recent Saturday afternoon and ordered the Cajun Burger,  The patty is a blend of beef and hot sausage, topped with Zydeco sauce and American cheese, and served on a cheddar jalapeno bun.  ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!!!  I can only imagine what might've been with a more creative cheese choice. This was my first time at O'Henry's and being that I live less than a mile away, I'll definitely be back.One of my favorite spots uptown. Great food-- I've been dozens of times and never tried anything that I didn't like. Great staff-- super friendly and genuinely cool people. Great happy hour!! $2 margaritas/$6 burgers on Tuesdays, every other day they've got really good margs (all different flavors-- my fav is Blackberry Moonshine) for $4 or $5. If you haven't been already, I highly recommend it!!The patio looked inviting and we needed a drink.  Well, the patio was nice... It took 15 mins to get 3 drinks.  We almost gave up and walk out of the restaurant.  Our server almost spilled the drinks when she brought them to the table.  She managed to spill some of my friends bloody marry in to my other friends daiquiri.  "Oops!"  She did not offer to get  a fresh drink.  I ordered a Manhattan that was so bad I couldn't even drink it.  Perhaps there was a little bloody marry in my drink too.Someone tipped us off that you can get 2 entrees for $20, so we bustled on over for a cheap dinner. 
O'Henry's is located right next to Camellia Grill, and is a much larger spot, if you're just in the mood for American food with a (very very slight) Cajun twist. They have several items on their 2 for $20 specials menu, including, I believe, chicken parm, and crawfish.
My friend and I both got the steak, medium rare, hers with garlic mashed potatoes, and mine with french fries. The steaks were NY strips and came with caramelized onions.and a slice of garlic bread. Honestly, for this price, and the food was pretty good, especially after 6 weeks of dormitory food.  I also had a strawberry lemonade and for some reason they gave us 2 drinks.
It didn't seem that busy, but our server was very frazzled. It could have been where we were sitting though; there are 2 options for outdoor seating, right outside the door at the curb, and on a balcony. We were on the balcony and there were maybe 2 or 3 servers rushing in and outside, up and downstairs.
The food wasn't spectacular, but solid. I can see myself returning just for the cheap and filling meal.On vacation in New Orleans and this place was recommended. They have outdoor seating so we could take our dog.  We split a crawfish and corn bisque $5.79. My wife had Crawfish Monica Pasta $12.99 which is Sauteed Crawfish Tails served over Penne pasta in Pete Hilzim's original 'Jazz Fest Famous' Monica Cream Sauce. I had Catfish Lafitte $14.99 which is Fried Catfish Fillet topped with Sauteed Crawfish Tails and Monica Sauce. Served with Red Beans and Jambalaya.  Large portions reasonably priced and good service.Mediocre food, yet I tend to find myself here at times. Nothing spectacular on their menu but it does what it needs to do.. fill you up lolWe arrived in New Orleans the weekend of Wrestlemania and after a long drive from Houston, we were starving.  The house we were renting had brochures for O'Henrys and The Camellia Grill, which were both very close by.  We looked them up on Yelp and decided to opt for Camellia Grill, as it had better reviews.  Once we got there, though, the wait was out the door.  We walked to O'Henrys, which had no wait, and we were so glad we did.  The reviews do not do this place justice.  It's really good! My friend had a burger with andouille sausage, and he said it was awesome.  Another friend had the shrimp poboy, which she really enjoyed.  I had the buffalo chicken sandwich.  I know that sounds plain and easy to make, but theirs was delicious.  We enjoyed the food so much! The waitress (I think her name was Lindsey) was so nice to us and made us feel so welcome.  We enjoyed it so much that when we went to Wrestlemania, our friend who didn't have a ticket for Wrestlemania went back for dinner while we were gone.  If you're thinking about it, you should definitely try it.  Very good.O'Henry's selection of entrees has changed over the years unfortunately for the worse. 
Customer service is fantastic. Each representative cares about you as a customer and are totally willing to guide you along the way. Unfortunately the food options aren't up to par. 
I in particular got the "Southern Fried Chicken Tenders" w/ red beans (instead of fries) and while the tenders were actually juicy, I still felt gipped as the tenders were not extraordinary by any means and the red beans could be equivalent to a side of red beans at Popeyes. It should be noted that my entree came with only 4 tenders (I posted pictures of the entree on my Yelp page).
So to reiterate my review, the quality of food doesn't quite match up with the quantity of food given to you. By the time you pay the amount listed on the receipt, you may feel you could have been better going somewhere else. 
Just doesn't leave any lasting impressions which is a shame because it's O'Henry's!Damn good burgers and steaks for the price...., with many choices of bun and toppings including wheat buns for the carb conscious... ok the inside dining area is a tacky somewhat cave-like the upstairs balcony is a every pleasant amongst the oak tree tops with a view of the streetcar....Don't get the guar and chips! Save yourself some time and stop at the grocery store and get your own bag of chips and that faux guac that comes in the tin can.I was back in New Orleans for New Years and came for a great crawfish platter I had here a few years ago.  I knew they are out of season but figured I would see what else they might have.  They had an appetizer "Crawfish Balls" that we're soooooo good I almost slapped the waitress...LOL.  Anyway, If you love crawfish as much as me these are a sure bet!Loved this place! It's not a fancy place, but if you want good food this is the place! Loved the Cajun burger! I didn't only have it once, but twice! Had to go back just to see if it was as good the second round. It sure was! But seriously if you get a chance don't miss out on this jewel because of the negative reviews! Great food, good daily specials, and friendly staff!Our server was quick and efficient but there were no healthy food options & it was like going to red robin. Which I don't like but was with two men who wanted meat & something fried. One had a turkey sandwich, which was too big for even him & the other had a huge chicken (fried, of course!) salad.  I did appreciate the free peanuts & the view from the outdoor deck.The food here basically sucks.  The service staff sucks and is rude.  The only upside to this place is free steak on your birthday, however, they will treat you like a criminal until they see your ID.  :)
Luckily, they stay in business because you have to order another entree in order to get the free steak.  Moreover, because most people have more than one friend (on their birthday) they get your entire group of friends there one night a year to order entrees.  This is how in business.  Everyday is someone's birthday.I've lived in this neighborhood for years and never ventured in until a few days back.  I know it's some kind of local chain and as a rule I generally avoid places with lot of neon.  I have never really heard great things about it.  It was raining that day and I had gone to GB's with friends in search of beers and burgers but GB's kitchen wouldn't open for a few more hours so wet, hungry, and thirsty we ventured into O'Henrys.  The floor was littered with peanut shells. I get it. You want to give that "barroom" feel but I cant help but think that every morning the staff is required to spread shells around as part of the stores general decor.  We sit, and are handed menus and as I peruse it I feel like I am looking at an applebees, or chilies menu.  Everything is very underwhelming.  The service was slow despite there being only two tables.  We told our sever to bring beers and keep them coming, we were ready to order quickly but she just didn't seem to "get" it.  She only took drink orders and after returning with our drinks would take our food order.  I got up, walked over to a waitress station and scooped peanuts out of a box and brought them to the table, once doing so our server looked at me and said she would have done that.  We've been in the place for 15 minutes now, yes you should have.  Empty glass, no server in sight.  Food finally arrives, its tasteless and forgettable.  Gratuity added with the bill.  Sigh.  GB's is far superior in quality and service with a far better selection of beer.  Ohh Henry's how you aspire to be another run of the mill chain. So sad.Got to restaurant b4 they opened. Offered us to sit with drinks b4 kitchen opened. Great service. Pet friendly. We come to NOLA quite often and have missed out on this place. Rueben sandwich and shrimp poboy was more than amazing!  We will be back!  Thanks y'all!!Came here with the family on a weeknight. Service was off that day maybe because no one seated us, rather they told us where NOT to sit and just expected us to roam around and find a table. 
Tried the gumbo which was good, fiancé had the bisque which was great. My shrimp po boy was ok, fiancé liked his burger. Overall decent food, bad service. Could be a one off, will try again to make sureI just had the mahi-mahi that they are serving for lent and I can tell you I will be making it back before Easter for more. I love this place.O'Henrys... I wish I could give it a 3.5. It's just average... but I'm saying this based on the quality of other food that is similar in New Orleans.... NOLA has the BEST New American, Creole, Spicy, Seafood, and French cuisine.. so you have A LOT of options. But this is a good starter. I would probably take some one that is out of town here. Their food isn't bad... good prices... and VERY large cocktails (definitely a plus). I wouldn't tell someone NOT to go here, on the contrary, the service is nice and the peanuts are a plus. It's just not terribly special for the Big Easy.Good people working but they are open till MIDNIGHT every day. Not 2am!!!! Please don't be fooled by the old info on the yelp page.Back in the 80s (what's with me & the throwback memories today-maybe the new year has made me contemplative), my friends always wanted to go to O'Henry's for the frosty schooners of beer; as a non-beer drinker, I appreciated their full bar.  
The food is basic burgers, fried seafood, and plate meals and it fills a need since NOLA seriously lacks in diners.  While I've never had a great meal here, I've never had a bad one either so points for that.  
Bonus, you can get a free steak on your birthday (with driver's license as proof, of course.)I'm not a huge fan of the peanuts on the floor. But this was a surprising find. To be honest, I was with a large group that would have waited hours to try to sit together at Camellia Grill. So, we came next door expecting just bar food. 
But the full menu was indeed a surprise! The shrimp romalaude wrap great. Fresh, flavorful and just spicy enough. The fried catfish topped with crawfish was delicious, and the kids chicken tenders were awesome. Actually, the best thing on the menu for us was the steak on the children's menu! For $8, it was a delicious piece of grilled strip, served with fries! The service was good and we all left surprised and happy.LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!
I purchased a Groupon for this place for our first trip to NOLA and boy am I glad I did. The location is nice and we found easy street parking (but did have to pay the meter).
We decided to eat on the upstairs patio. It was nice with a little breeze so why not. Wait staff was very nice and willing to explain different things on the menu a New Yorker didn't know about. She was attentive and had a cute southern accent.
I got the Blackberry Moonshine Margarita on the suggestion of our waitress. I normally don't like margaritas but she said they don't make it with the sour mix, but rather fresh lime. Maaaan am I glad I tried it. I could drink those all day!! Sweet but could have had a bit more alcohol added to it.
On to the food - we started with the fried pickles and a bowl of the crawfish and corn chowder. That chowder was amazing!! Fried pickles were good too, Def different than any other time I've had them. They had more seasoning and it blended well.
Adults had burgers and the little one had chicken tenders. Cajun burger Def had a kick to it! The little one had no complaints. For sides my boyfriend got the red beans and rice while I got the jambalaya. He ended up not liking his side, so instead of it being our loss, the waitress swapped it out for fries.
I came because of the Groupon, but will Def go back because of the food!There's a gritty-ness to this place that makes me uncomfortable. We saw a large bug crawl across the wall where we were sitting... but it wasn't a cockroach. They brush all the food bits and peanut shells onto the ground. Things felt sticky. But that's the worst of the place. 
There's a lot of good things to be said: 
* Lots of TV everywhere so you can watch whatever you want. I've been on the balcony for Saints games. 
* Free steak on your birthday. Bring your ID, and you get a free NY strip (with purchase of additional meal) and its good too! My friend asked for her's to be medium rare, and mine to be medium. We rarely ask for our steaks to be so well cooked, but the grittyness that I spoke of early prompted us to order it cooked a little bit more well. Hers did come out on the rare side, and mine on the medium rare, both which we love. We didn't get sick from it either! 
* The waitress saw how rare our steaks were and offered to take it back to be cooked more. No thanks! It's just the way we like it. I've never had a staff person identify a problem and fix it without prompting.
This restaurant don't have a claim to fame, but it does serve a purpose (free birthday steak).So i just got a call from an employee who was fired but insulted and shamed publicly at your work space.  Rhonda, the manager, made a clerical error and my client was fired.  This is being filed with the better business bureau and racism will not tolerated in this day and age.  O'Henry's used to be a good place to eat, now the workers and waiters brag about contaminating food.  This will not stand. 
Sincerely,
Robert Russel EvansCame here with my SO for a late dinner a couple weeks ago.  We got spinach dip, which came with very greasy chips (but still yummy).  We also split grilled redfish with broccoli, onion rings, and pasta.  Everything was delicious, which was quite surprising.  We generally never come here because there are so many other awesome places close by, but it was good.O'Henry's...you were...special. Hubby and I live by the area and we pass by regularly, but never thought to stop by. With so much great food in our area, the idea of bar food wasn't necessarily at the top of our list. HOWEVER, the Saints game was playing and we had been walking a few miles to get some fresh air, so we decided to stop by for the end of the game and a beer. They had a Saints special, $2 Abita Amber, which was cool. Only thing is that the beer tasted kinda flat and bitter. Nonetheless, we had our beer and ordered a veggie burger (I'm a vegetarian). I was surprised to find a veg burg on the menu, which I was happy about. Thanks for that, O'Henry! We did enjoy the balcony seating overlooking the street! Very NOLAish.