I went here today with a friend for lunch.  I ordered the turkey sandwich w/feta, guacamole, onions, and leafy greens for $7.99.  I asked that they replace the leafy greens with romaine lettuce.  When the sandwich arrived, I had about 2 ounces of turkey, a tablespoon (at most) of feta cheese and guacamole mixed in with the leafy greens.  Oh, onions....about a fourth of a white onion slices.   I took the sandwich back to the counter and said "I wanted romaine not these greens.". I think they made me a new sandwich--this time with even less turkey and feta cheese and the guacamole on the side (which I suggested they do).  What a complete ripoff.  
My friend had one of the breakfasts which looked good.  So maybe this is a breakfast place and not a place to eat lunch.  Definitely won't be going back for lunch.An excellent breakfast place!  Hue is Rancheros are tasty,  the best I've had outside of New Mexico.  Bright and airy atmosphere, and the live music makes this place a real treat!  One of my go-to breakfast places.  Service staff friendly and attentive.  The new cook has really raised the game from a couple years ago!  Off beaten path, early opening 06:30 fits my active lifestyle.  Easy walk from streetcar line.Food is usually very good. Service is usually TERRIBLE. 
Went in around noon on a Saturday. Half the tables were empty, but not a single one was clean. Some were still dirty after I ate, paid and left. New girl behind the counter was flustered, abrupt and not too bright. 
My food was good, but it was ready before I was served a drink. The girl at the counter didn't know who's order it was, even though I was the only single diner in the place. I had to walk up when I saw my order ready and tell her that it was mine. I understand the concept of casual counter service very well, but the amount of attention I received was less than that at a Popeye's drive thru. 
The owner was around during all of this, and seemed to be doing nothing to improve the chaos. Perhaps more staff is necessary on the weekends. Or just a more competent staff would suffice.I deliver here regularly.  I bring stuff into the kitchen  YUCK.  So gross and dirty.  Also I notice the lady cook with the bandana with the hot peppers on it is very rude to customers.  Always has an attitude like she is doing the customer a favor.  The owner doesnt have a clue and walks around the place in dingy clothes.  Would never eat here due to it being dirty and cooks smoking cigarettes out the back side door and then not washing their hands.Who wouldn't be excited for a Sunday brunch with last nights crew?  It was very warm, first timer not sure if they typically have ac or not  wow it was hot. The service could use some polishing. Order first pay later was bit confusing to all. The food is not worth the price. One friend ordered an egg omelet with cheese, the presentation wasn't helping this experience. (Omelet in the middle of the plate and random "Kraft single" next to it not touching the eggs weird. Another ordered potatoes with Hollandaise (extra of $5 for sauce) 10 dollar potatoes maybe at commanders but not here. Not to happy with the breakfast to say the least, maybe give it another shot when it gets cooler so the inside temperature is bearable.Awesome breakfasts. Their donuts are delicious too! I love that I live not too far from here. I feel like I"m stepping back in time a little when I came in for the first time. And you know what? I really appreciate businesses that keep that older ambience feel. Kind of like the 50s-60s. 
Oh, and please get the biscuit. They are big and fluffy and YUMMY!Good brunch, normally with at least a piano player in the corner.  Cash only last time I was there.
I had a twist on eggs benedict with biscuits instead of english muffins.  No complaints.  A friend had pancakes and definitely enjoyed them.  A solid spot for the price for sure. 
Favorites are: BrunchEnjoy live music and great breakfast any day of the week.  One of my go to spots for Saturday morning relaxation.The tall blonde gay guy who works here, Ryan/Ruth, makes this place. This place is nothing without him.Too expensive and too long a wait in a crowded, cramped place with crying babies for breakfast/brunch on the weekend. Even to-go. 
The crowd there is a mixture of grandmas with child and spouse and grandchildren (read: lots of strollers), hipsters and tourists. Not all of the outdoor tables have umbrellas so on hot days the sun is burning hot with no relief.
The live music was cool. The ice coffee was drinkable but not even close to good or worth it. The ham egg and cheese sandwich w/ tomato was satisfying but it was a special order which was weird.
I won't be gong back unless it's half-empty, there's great music and table service.Delicious breakfast. I got the Shrimp and Grits and my wife got the Spinach and Artichoke Creole Birds Nest (no nests, just poached eggs). Fruit plate was a welcome addition. We arrived at 10am on a rainy Sunday and had our pick of tables. A half hour later there was a long line and no tables. Jazz trio was a nice addition.I came here on a whim one day with a friend because a lot of other breakfast places around there were packed on a Saturday morning.
When we first walked in you hear live music and the decor was very casual and welcoming. I ordered the Big Breakfast Taco which had Two eggs with sausage, ham or bacon and cheese wrapped in a flour tortilla with their own salsa. The taco was okay, it wasn't great but it wasn't bad. My friend also ordered the pancake platter which also came with eggs and bacon. The pancake was very big, but was also okay. 
Overall the place was decent, it wouldn't be my go to breakfast place though, considering how the place is a bit pricey for the portions they give you and also the quality of the food.I want to really give this place one star, but the iced coffee was decent as was the music. That said, do not go to this place if you want:
1. Hot food. We waited 45 minutes for our food. We assumed that waiting so long meant we would have a hot breakfast. Not so much. It tasted as if it had been sitting around for about 20 of those 45 minutes. 
2. Good food. Now, maybe it would have been good if it was brought out hot and on time, but my husbands poached eggs were hard and dry and my french toast was soggy and tasteless.
3. Good service. The guy at the register was nice once before we placed our order but the second (no joke!) that it was paid for, he was rude to us. When we asked about the ETA of our food, the waitress (well, I guess you could call her that - food expeditor is more appropriate) rudely told us "um, you were told that it would be awhile". When we got the wrong thing, we were told "that's what you ordered". But it wasn't. And they never offered to fix it. 
4. An affordable meal. All this for over $30 for 2 people that got coffee and breakfast dishes. I think $14 for three pieces of french toast and one slice of ham is a bit much. 
Grab an iced coffee and make breakfast at home. If you are a tourist, save your money and head to Maple Street bakery.been wanting to come here for the longest time.   been here before, but mainly when parades were lining up, or something else was going on the street.  finally, I made it.   Love this place, decor, the guy wearing a mick jagger mask  barking at those on the streetcar, and all the art, articles, and instruments on the walls.   even live music in here.   all of this?  makes for a truly new orleans experience.
the waiter?  was very down to earth, and the food?  very nola too.
we exchanged plates half way through, making it twice the flavor.
I ordered a benedict, thinking I would like the crawfish cakes, but didn't really once I tried them.   I'm like that sometimes, so we traded.  not mad, not gonna diss, it was just me.  once we traded?  my hubby?  was more than happy to wolf those down.
see ya again
and I promise not to wait very long.If you have a food allergy or intolerance, think again!
I recently visited the Oak Street Cafe and I was baffled by the answer when I asked about a menu item's gluten content (I have a gluten allergy).  I asked if the "smothered potatoes" were gluten-free and their answer was: "when it comes to food allergies our answer is no".  To which I replied: "'No' as in there's no gluten in it?" Their reply: "No as in just don't order our food".
It was a pretty terrible way to handle a food allergy-related question. Determining if there's gluten in a dish is not that difficult, and even if you don't know there are much better ways to respond. A food allergy is not something you choose to have.  I'm not choosing to eat a vegetarian, vegan, or kosher meal.  I get physically ill if consume gluten.  
I'd give this place a few more stars if the food would have made up for their terrible attitude, but it didn't.  The food was mediocre at best.  I guess this is what you get at a place run by hipsters.I had always been meaning to go to Oak Street Cafe, especially when I used to live on St. Charles and I would drive up Carrolton every single day and see the sign for it. I eventually landed myself in the cafe when I noticed that there was a Groupon for it, I purchased it immediately so I wouldn't have an excuse to skip the place anymore. Since then, I've found myself coming to Oak Street for breakfast on several occasions.
I like the very casual atmosphere, friendly service, and live music at Oak Street. The quality of the food and the portions that are provided are worth the price you pay.
I especially like their pancakes, and usually I don't like pancakes, or if I must, I just eat the edges and torture myself through the rest. The pancakes at Oak Street Cafe are huge, thick, and full of cinnamon. They are the pancake versions of the crepes I usually make at home, but so much better. I also like their homestyle hash browns, which is my favorite form, as opposed to the small sticks mash or tater tot types.  Although the hash browns could have done with slightly more seasoning.
In addition to their coffee and tea menu which gives you a small but interesting variety to try from, I was pleasantly surprised by their regular coffee which was pretty good, I always go back for refills.
I look forward to trying some of their other breakfast dishes (e.g., biscuits with sausage gravy, streetcar omelette), but right now I'm stuck at 1234.Great service! I always feel welcome and am greeted warmly at Oak Street Café! The food is awesome. Last time I ordered I got a club sandwich with an over easy egg (instead of scrambled) and it was fantastic. The presentation and the service is outstanding every time and the overall vide is chill. Love this place, love Oak Street, and love new Orleans. THE END!!!Cool breakfast spot with live music most mornings.  Piano, bass.  All the employees rotate through cooking, so some days are better than others.  The pancakes, which come and go from the special board, are especially amazing and loaded with cinnamon.
Breakfast is better at some other places, but I'll always come back to Oak Street.
Lately, they've had the 1-2-3-4 special: 1 pancake, two eggs, three bacon, 4 dollars.  I think that's a great deal and it fills me up goooood!  
Remember, 3 stars = A-OK!This place is ok, nothing great and better places for breakfast/lunch in the area. Service was pretty lackluster, as was the ambiance. Also, the place seemed kind of dirty, with flies everywhere and many un-bussed tables. There was nothing wrong with the food, but based on the service, cleanliness, and ambiance, I won't be running back.My second time here. Love the diner atmosphere with live music. Come early on weekends or there will be a wait. Both times I ordered the breakfast poboys which has to be shared because they are huge.An old-fashioned greasy spoon. It's the sort of place you'd be glad to stumble into at 2 in the morning. But in the broad daylight of lunchtime, the effect is not pretty. 
Lousy food, order incorrectly taken by distracted person behind counter, not a clean surface in the place, including former customers' dishes remaining on many tables. 
Live, speak easy-style music being plonked out on an ancient piano at first seemed an incongruous touch. I soon realized, however, that it contributed to the overall aura of decline while also creating a sense of levity. The music elevated the status of the place by a star.I am an idiot.  This isnt a standard dinner yet I got standard breakfast.  It was good but I didnt see what Oak St Cafe was capable of.  My mistake in ordering.  It was good though.
That being said.  I didn't like their hash at all.  The rest was fine.  I need to go again and have a special creation.  Something original.  I will avoid the hash thoughIt has been awhile since I have been in to this cafe.  We wandered in today.  Wow!   New items on the menu.  New feel they removed the bar in August and it feels lest crowded and more pleasant.   Of note anything with their hollandaise sauce, and the Greek yogurt was great!!!Went here on the way out of town the other day and it absolutely hit the spot! I had the Eggs Beauregard and it was soooo good: it's basically an Eggs Benedict but over biscuits instead of english muffins and with sausage patties.  The sausage gravy over it was really good- thick and chunky.  Great country-style breakfast and the live 2-piece New Orleans jazz band in the background was the icing on the cake, completely made the spot for me.  Food came out quickly.Oak St. Cafe (and the staff and clientele) looks like it was taken from the set of Gilmore Girls - small town diner with small town characters who are friendly and interesting.  It serves typical diner food which is hard to mess up - my eggs and potatoes were good, hot and greasy, and the coffee was strong but not bitter.  
Like other reviewers have said, what makes this place stand out is the live music.  There was a piano soloist and bluegrass-ish band the morning I was there.  They are just playing in one corner, like it's the most normal thing in the world to have live music at 9 am in a diner!  And somehow it does feel normal, in a very special way - you can still have a conversation at a normal volume or you can do work (I sat there for 2 hours reviewing documents for work, and they have wireless internet as well if you bring a laptop).  
As a bonus, they actually take credit cards, which a lot of quirky, cute places in this city don't.Just like heaven...  we had the best BOUDIN sausage and eggs of our life here - crisp, browned, super savory meat turned with rice - and the lime-cilantro eggs benedict was a borderline religious experience, too.  Zoe, the hostess presiding that day, told us there are usually musicians working their magic, but she entertained us with a guided tour of the photos of rock/blues stars smiling with the owner. Big props to the cook, also a young dude, because his food was epic, and plentiful, and the prices were right!  This is our new go-to place whenever we're near New Orleans.First time here I would have given it a 4, which is why I came back today. But today I give it two stars. I had the 1,2,3,4 special. Bacon was room temperature along with the pancake. The pancake was room temperature and tough and very doughy: too thick. Staff was different today. Neither owner was there so that could explain the terrible quality of food today. My mon had the roast beef poboy which they do not use fresh roast beef, like most poboy places.Crawfish eggs Benedict a+
Creole french toast d-
Bacon F total cheap grade n all fat
Service B+Ugh Oak Street Cafe can you be any cuter? With your myriad of photos as decor, live jazz, and old cafe charms. Your adorable setting makes me choke it's so saccharin sweet. I love you. 
What do I love for brunch? Sausage and biscuits. Of course Oak St. has them along with other breaky favorites, some with a cajun twist (think eggs benedict but served with chipotle sauce). My partner in crime had the pancakes which were fluffy with crisp ends and served with every breakfast accompaniment you can imagine (eggs, side of sausage, sure why not!). 
All this and an ice coffee and milk was $20. Curse you Oak St. for being so darn irresistible!If you're not going to do it right, don't do it at all. This is a review of the roast beef poor boy, which is one of the worst I've ever had. Untoasted bread, warmed over deli roast beef (not even good deli roast beef at that) and gravy which was obviously from a mix-packet. Seriously ya'll, this was just bad.Perfect place for making up for oak street Nights. The rebirth from the eggs and coffee match the greatness of rebirth the music at night. They both sing together in a perfect late night/ recovery dance. Dance ur new Orleans out with this cafe!! Not to mention on Sundays there is a piano player to kick this place up to one of my favorite breakfast nooks.I was excited to come here, but unfortunately my excitement didnt last long. The sausage was a basic Jimmy Deans patty and my eggs werent how I ordered.  My French toast wasn't done all of the way. Maybe I should give it another chance, but I won't be in a rush to do so.Despite slow service and ok food I like this place. They have fresh made donuts and I love Oak St, so that alone gives them a bump.
Also the ambiance is nice with the piano player in the background.
They have a good selection of food. IMO they are more or less an Oak St version Trolley Stop........nothing great or fancy, but when you're hungry and in the area it hits the spot.really cool place.  live piano jazz in the mornings.  who can beat that!
staff is friendly.  powerful wifi.  food is ok.  selection of teas could be better.  bigelow is nothing special.  too bad they close at 2pm.Went to Oak Street Cafe to get a sandwich to go.  It was a Sunday mid-morning and the place was full.  Definitely a lot of people enjoying their meals.  I ordered a club sandwich to-go and waited by the counter for them to make my food.  The place was a little smokey (food smoke) but to be expected in this kind of breakfasty/brunch place.  My sandwich was just ok and was definitely overpriced for what I got.
I think I would try this place again and go a little more traditional breakfast and dine in instead of take out since I think the place is probably built more for that than takeout sandwiches but until then they only get two stars for the sub par and expensive club sandwich.If you are the type of person who wants to eat in a setting where the mood is akin to  Edward Hopper's "Nighthawks", this is not your place.  If you want bright, sunny, live piano music and everyone chatting and bustling about? Eureka! 
It's not high-end dining and it's not great food. Everyone behind the counter is gracious and happy to help you, although you seem to be doing most of the work yourself.I dropped in on a whim because the place we went to was closed for summer vacation.  I'm glad I did.  Yummy!  I had a ham/cheese/bacon/egg sandwich on french bread and it was outstanding.  The omelette styled eggs were fluffy and tender and were a nice contrast to the smokey bacon and juicy ham slices.  Though the servings were large, I'm ashamed to say I ate it all.  ALL.  The service was fast and friendly that was great considering  some of the older reviews I read.  This was a busy Saturday Morning.  Oak Street was abuzz in preparations for a MidSummer Mardi Gras Festival the same night.  The club sandwich my cousin had was equally scrumptious.  They are not shy about using quality meats and cheeses in generous portions.  It's not an overly fancy shop, being an old McKenzie's Bakery I believe, but it sure had a great neighborhood feel with real food at decent prices.  You can eat outside if you like and people watch. But if you order those impressive pancakes, You will be the one being watched.  EnjoyOMGOMGOMG, I adore Oak Street Cafe!
This is my favorite Sunday morning spot to sit outside in the sun, and binge on consume copious amounts of black coffee with the Eggs Beauregard (heaven), while the tunes of the in-house pianist dance through the doors.  Granted the staff come off a bit hipster-y but they are always efficient and pleasant, so I will keep them :)  
Keep up the great work guys!The Oak Street Cafe is one of the laid-back local establishments which make life in Carrollton so pleasant. Such wonderful ambiance: the decor is classic Americana, the crowd is always friendly, and the piano player takes it over the top!  An especially nice place to visit when the weather is good - you can sit at the outdoor tables and people-watch on Oak Street.
I've had both breakfast and sandwiches here, as well as the doughnuts, and have always loved the portions and quality of the food.  A particular delight?  Eggs Beauregard, a southern take on Eggs Benedict, with a biscuit split in half, topped with sausage patties, eggs over medium, and smothered in white sausage gravy.  It may be a heart-attack on a plate, but it simply doesn't seem like brunch if it isn't rich and decadent!
If you find yourself in Carrollton, craving a charming place to breakfast or lunch, stop on by the Oak Street Cafe!Yeah, so the atmosphere aint to shabby( theres a piano player and a singer) but the food is mediocre at best...actually, I take that back. The pancakes are some of the worst i've ever had! I've made better pancakes drunk at 4am than this place does! They taste like cardboard, and are super thick and dry, even after soaking them in a gallon of syrup they still suck. In a city like New Orleans that prides itself on amazing food, I wouldn't consider eating here again. There's a million other places much better than this one. All in all, decenet atmosphere and a cool location doesn't make the food taste any better.My first time here the food was pretty decent. Someone should have warned me about those huge pancakes. Although tasty, they were a little too thick and soaked up the syrup like a Sham f**ing Wow.
I did like the live music and the people were all nice and friendly.Oak Street Cafe feels like what a more rural Southern cafe should feel like. I don't know why, but I want to place it in the movie My Cousin Vinnie (no self respecting southerner uses instant grits) (sorry, had to do it). It's cute, a little run down, but has good humor and a lot of local nostalgia decorating the walls. A few crazy characters linger around, but you get the feeling they're part of the place. Maybe not what the brunch connoisseur is on the hunt for, but a true neighborhood establishment that is always reliable, like a trusty old friend, and at times is exactly what you want.During brunch on the weekends the cafe is much more well-staffed, as a lunch destination it is highly skippable.
There were only two people working lunch yesterday.  The guy taking orders was in charge of the register, the drinks (including specialty coffees) waiting, and bussing.  There was one guy (I assume) in the kitchen making the food since nothing was fast and there were only 2 tables eating.
I ordered a turkey reuben, but they were out of sauerkraut so I ordered the Gallina (a chicken sandwich of sorts with salsa, feta, avocado, and arugula).  I had the option of white, wheat, or Poboy bread so I chose Poboy *Mistake*.
When the sandwich came out the bread was not toasted and also, not your typical New Orleans French Bread.  It was the soft, airy, flavorless Sam's Club submarine roll.  I could have overlooked this if the rest of the ingredients were on point, but they literally took half a chicken breast, smashed it flat and sprinkled it on the bun.  It was a huge let down.
Since we had already been there about an hour, far too long for a diner type place with 5 patrons, we bussed our own tables and paid.  $15.00 for my little delicacy and a drink.  
Needs new management, new decor, and the piano player can only carry you so far.Wow I kind of love this place, the kind of old fashioned local neighborhoody establishment that the big cities are losing in droves. Those apple pancakes were so so good. It was a special the day I was there but hopefully it's a frequent one. Normally I hate scrambled eggs but these were good too.I had an amazing omelet here! It did take a while to get our food but it might had been because we were sitting outside and no one brought us the food out. Thankfully the food was so good it was well worth the wait.All the charm, quaintness, and cuteness in the world can't make up for mediocre food and non-existent service.
THE GOOD
Price: Relatively cheap as far as breakfast joints go in this city.  Everything was under $10 with the majority of menu items under $8.  If the food was more than just IHOP quality then the price would have truly been impressive.
THE BAD
Service Part I: So it's 2-for-2 trips now that I've had to bus my own table before I could sit down and eat.  People somehow find this charming?  I personally don't think putting up previous customers' dirty dishes, napkins, and utensils cute, but maybe I'm just being difficult.  If Oak Street Cafe's policy is for people to put up their dishes after they eat then that's fine, but at the very least have one employee make rounds to clean up after those who don't follow that policy.  This isn't fast food breakfast at McDonald's.
Service Part II: I understand that sometimes when busy cashiers get special instructions on orders (no feta cheese on top of omelet due to lactose intolerance), those instructions may not always be communicated to the kitchen for any number of reasons.  But first, don't act like you didn't make a mistake, then when you find out you did, offer no sort of apology.  Second, I get that the kitchen is busy, but don't you think it would be obvious if your solution to the problem was to just pick off the feta cheese from the top of the omelet?  If that's all that had to be done, we could have done it ourselves.  We brought it back because the cheese was mixed in with the omelet, which would have been clear as day if you took the extra second to lift it up off the plate.
PURGATORY
Food: Seriously nothing that couldn't be done at IHOP.  I know Oak Street Cafe isn't going for groundbreaking breakfast foods, but at least make the simple foods you serve better-tasting than they have been.  No more overcooked eggs please.
OVERALL
If you're coming here for the charm of a small-town diner, then none of these negatives I've pointed out probably mean anything.  Admittedly, the live music during breakfast is pretty cool, and the food is decent enough as long as you don't have any dietary restrictions.  But if you want a diner breakfast, go to Camellia Grill for a better experience.We head over on weekends for B'fast, it's consistently great and good value.  Love the laid back atmosphere/ music.  Highly recommend you try it.  Always had great food here.  Love the eggs benedict.Oak Street Cafe is a great place for breakfast or brunch! I love their smothered potatoes which are boiled in crawfish seasonings and topped with onions and peppers. Their biscuits are so big and fluffy that eating them should be a crime. They have nice outdoor seating to enjoy a beautiful sunny NOLA morning! I love the diner feel of the place, and the cashiers are always very nice!Pretty darned good food. I had a po'boy at the festival last weekend, and I returned to try them for a typical workday lunch. They have live music on a typical workday lunch. Good music. *This* is what I wanted to see in New Orleans. Happy. Good people working there, too. Relaxed and fun.
The po'boy at the festival was alligator. Typical alligator on good bread. Mine today was the "hot" sausage po'boy on not-quite-as-good bread. It also wasn't hot until liberal applications of hot sauce[1]. But the food is good for the price, and the atmosphere is incredible. I'm willing to try more of their  menu...  (I also don't like eggs, which rules out what many people like here.)
Note there's a minimum of $7 for card usage, but that's a sandwich. And sidewalk seating for good weather days.
I see some people talking about the good decor, some saying it has none... It's eclectic. And some of the decor isn't on the walls.
[1] Why does everyone use Crystal? I much prefer Louisiana Hot Sauce (the big red dot)...I've been here twice and had two totally different experiences. My first encounter was decent. I sat myself and a waiter came over to me right away and took my order. Everything went smoothly. 
The 2nd time I was there in a party of 3 and the service was really really slow. After the waitress finally brought us drinks and took our orders, she never came back to check on us or refresh our drinks, after sitting there with an empty water glass for about 20min. The food is descent and fresh, I just would have liked better service. The place wasn't really even busy at all.My sister and I walked into this place because we wanted a nice country breakfast. I enjoyed my Eggs Beauregard but my sister was not a fan of whatever she ordered. The space is cramped but we opted to sit at the bar area. The seasoned potatoes that came with my plate were inedible, I heard they were very popular but all I could taste was chili powder and nasty spices so I did not touch them at all. Next time I'll opt for a different side. I will definitely be back, I traveled all over New Orleans to find a great breakfast spot that I could thoroughly enjoy and I was pleased with my order sans potatoes. Parking is a bit hairy so be careful parallel parking!Tell the nice lady behind the counter what you're having, sit down with a cup of coffee, and relax.  This is the kind of place you can enjoy a meal the way it was meant to be in New Orleans.  Bring a paper (if you can find one these days), chat with locals, or just enjoy the live music.  It's also a great place to people watch.  
The menu ranges from breakfast and sandwich standards, to a full page of daily specials.  It was hard to choose.  I had Eggs Benedict w/ house-made lime hollandaise.  Not only were the poached eggs perfect, but the side of grits was perfectly creamy and didn't even need salt.  
So if you're looking for waiters in bow ties, or have the need for speed, you'd be better served going to Galatoire's or Waffle House.   If you're looking for a good starting point to Oak Street and a dining experience you can savor, treat yourself to the Oak Street Cafe.The stars may seem to reflect that I have little love for this place, but that is so untrue.
I've come here for breakfast multiple times - as it's right in my neighborhood on my favorite awkward street. The food is all decent - some options are better than others. I favor the Lower Garden on a bagel - it's effing de-lish. But nothing here is overly exciting. The doughnuts definitely hit the spot, but they run out - get here early to enjoy one. 
I am partial to diner coffee, so of course, I love the coffee, too. 
The things that puts this place on the map is its undeniable charm. Live music during brunch? Why thank you! Adorable doughnuts in the glass case? Sweet! The outdoor seating is just perfect on a spring day or that odd warm day in winter. 
Unfortunately, the service here is just nonexistent. The counter service is somewhat friendly, but during the process, my orders have been consistently inconsistent and burdened with frequent mistakes.
Adorably charming.
Decent breakfast.
Blah service.
Occasional live music. 
Cheap-cheap!OMG you have to try the Boudin for breakfast really tasty and spicy....  It the best.  Just what I needed this morning!This has become my go to spot when I have a free weekend morning.  I love the simple breakfast grub...it give the hangover a boot.  I love the coffee, I love sitting on the sidewalk on Oak St. on a nice day.  I love the the trumpeter and pianist.  Strolling over to Oak St. guarantees my weekend will be a winner.  I'm a fan of the Omelets and the breakfast po-boys, along with the scrambles.  I've had em all and a fan of em all.  I have just broadened my horizons with salads (decent, the muffaletta salad to too salty and greasy) and sandwiches (good).  The place isn't going to innovate, but it's a fantastic weekend morning in New Orleans experience.  Now, if only they had bloodies...Excellent breakfasts. Creative and large menu, heavy emphasis on egg dishes with several variations on Benedict. My favorite is the southern Benedict with biscuits, sausage patty, egg and white gravy. The grits ate excellent as well. The have a large selection of donuts if you are on the go as well. Seating outdoors by the street in warm days can be pet friendly.  Good coffee. On weekends they have live music - actually a guy on a piano who sings, but sometimes the owner joins in with his upright string bass.  Can be crowded on the weekends, but the kitchen is fast.The vibe here is super cute and quaint.  If u go at the right time there are musicians playing live for tips.  We did not have the breakfast, even tho thats what they are known for, but had sandwiches.  They were a bit on the salty side, so you may wanna ask for easy on the salt.  The paninis are not really pressed, just fried on the bottom side of the sandwich.The crawfish eggs Benedict was amazing! Loved the local flair and live piano and trumpet. Will surely be back here.The atmosphere is really charming and relaxed. I went here when I missed my previous small-town life and felt right at home. Food wasn't bad, wasn't special. But the staff was just exactly what you want if you're interesting in just hanging out, reading, and sipping some coffee. I'll have to go back when they have piano jazz, that sounds like a pleasant amelioration to the atmosphere.I'll critique the food first.  Most times service can slide if the food is amazing, but the food isn't.
My husband and I ordered the fruit plate, pancakes, and the french toast.  The fruit was displayed nicely, but it wasn't great.  Some of the strawberries tasted moldy and the fruit wasn't sweet.  The pancakes were a good portion, but they were dry and just did not taste good.  The french toast was ok.
The service was non-existent.  I think that's their thing, low maintenance, but its ok with me as long as the food is good.  You order at the front and pick it up when someone calls your name (easy enough for us).  We asked someone to clean the table that we wanted.  The guy wiped it down well enough, but he left the previous guests' glasses.  I ordered sausage and received bacon.  When I told the person, he said "we're out of sausage, so I just put bacon."  
It was just a very disappointing experience.  I'm really low key, easy going, but this was below par for any restaurant.Rented a house in New Orleans for one week just off from Oak Street.  Great place to hang out for breakfast. On a sunday, the place have musicians playing from early morning. Really hearty breakfast.  Relaxing atmosphere.The food wont blow you away, but live music at breakfast/brunch is a great way to start off any day.  The decor and staff are friendly and the atmosphere is great. One of my three favorite spots for breakfast in New Orleans.oak street cafe is now Live Oak Cafe - a farm-to-table joint.  the waitstaff consists of two cute, young girls who do their job well with pizzazz.  i've been here twice and, being the sucker for eggs benedict that i am, i've gotten the same thing both times.  the first time was better, i must say, but both were consistently good. the ham is more like a few slices of deli ham, so that was a little disappointing.  i like a thick slab on my eggs benedict.  one thing that wasn't impressive was the hashbrowns - they were soggy and seemed like they had been sitting for a while.
the coffee there is awesome.  really, really good stuff.  that was probably the one thing i'd brag about at this place.  the menu has diminished drastically to a small tri-fold brochure-esque menu.  still, gotta like the farm-to-table efforts on their part.Wonderful experience for brunch today at Oak St! Friendly servers and the relaxed, warm atmosphere made the cafe quite inviting. The curried scrambled eggs and smothered potatoes proved to be a exciting and  different twist on breakfast comfort food. The creamy coconut milk added to the eggs made them extra-decadent, while the curry and peppers made them extra-savory. Will definitely be back!Exceeded my expectations! My vote for one of the best omelets in town!Great atmosphere--a friendly neighborhood hangout on a Sunday morning. Our food was very good, and the garlic shrimp on grits was a standout. A bottomless cup of coffee and the low-key, help yourself setup make it a comfortable and relaxing spot to eat, read the paper, and enjoy a sunny fall morning. Minus one star for not having real half and half in a pitcher (those little plastic containers of fake half and half are gross, and you need 4-5 of them per cup of coffee).My new favorite weekday breakfast place.
A friend of mine suggested that we try out this place one morning when we were working from home and I loved it.  They serve breakfast until early afternoon and it is so cute inside.  I love sitting at a little cafe table, listening to the piano music and watching the foot traffic on Oak Street.  This is such an excellent location.
My favorite thing is that I can get a big yummy breakfast that isn't expensive.  Their special lately is the 1234 which is 1 pancake, 2 eggs and 3 bacon strips for $4.  The pancake is thick, flavored with cinnamon and the size of a dinner plate.  The coffee here is good as well and I have enjoyed both the espresso and the drip coffee.I think this is my new favorite place in the city for breakfast. I was expecting fairly straight-up diner fare, which I was in the mood for, but was too lazy to go all the way to Clover Grill and drive around for a parking spot. It turns out the food here is fancier than you might think, and very, very well done. I had the huevos rancheros -- especially spicy, but not painfully so, with lots of fresh cilantro. My girlfriend got the Eggs Beauregard, two biscuits under two sausage patties under two over-easy eggs under white sausage gravy under green onions, with grits on the side. We ended up sharing both, and I still can't decide which one I loved more. On the way out, I saw someone else's plate of French toast, and AH MAH GAH. 
I think we got there around 11:30 on Halloween Sunday, and it was packed. It took about an hour to get food, but everybody was warned upfront about the wait. Once we staked out some seats and got some coffees, it was an hour well spent with the Sunday Times-Picayune and the piano player in the corner. And everybody who worked there was incredibly friendly while busting their asses to keep things moving. 
Can't wait to go back.Stopped in here with the wife on a Friday for lunch.  Hadn't tried it before and it wasn't real busy.  I ordered the Club(Krewe) and my wife ordered the grilled cheese.  The food was good but pretty basic for the price.  When I pay for food I expect it to be at least a bit above what I can do in my home kitchen.  
The atmosphere is art/jazz-hipster joint.    Lots of paintings on the wall and a bunch of music oriented stuff on the wall as well.  DO NOT sit near the piano if you are trying to have a conversation.  We sat there thinking no one was playing and then some dude came in a played.  No biggie though I'm the douche that sat there.  
Overall the place is ok. Nothing amazing.  Probably wouldn't go out of my way to come here.I kind of love Oak Street Cafe. The cafe is small and quaint, decorated in fun art (I especially like the bunnies doing people things. Know what I'm talking about?), most of which you could buy if you were so inclined. There is live music, sometimes just a piano, sometimes with an upright bass or a singer. They have outside seating for nice days (but should maybe move their tables a little bit farther from the road.. I really thought one of my friends was going to get hit by a car while she ate her hashbrowns). For the most part, the staff is pleasant, and I used to see the owner every where, and he was always very nice. I've enjoyed most of the dishes I've ordered (except the pancake, which is huge but sort of strangely flavored), especially the breakfast sandwich (not recommended if you want to look at all attractive while eating.) And I LOVE their donuts! All of them! All the time! Donuts!
The few things I don't like about Oak Street Cafe...
-- You have to pay for parking to eat there (unless you are like me and are willing to park on a small road in a pot hole). Rude, Oak Street. That's just rude.
-- When the only table is right next to the piano, so you can't hear your partner in dining talk.
-- When it's crowded.
-- When they're out of donuts, and also that they don't make donuts on Sunday. Sunday is donuts day, Oak Street! How did you miss that? Donuts!Ummm it is a hipster congregation spot with pretty mediocre food that consists of mostly breakfast items and sandwiches.  I'm not at all into breakfast so this is probably the worst place I could have ever chosen to eat.  I got a sandwich, it didn't make me happy, it took nearly an hour, it was expensive for what it was, and I was still hungry; so I went to go eat lunch AGAIN somewhere else.  I get very unhappy when that happens and want to unleash one star but I will give them one extra star just in case my dislike of breakfast and hipsters is clouding my senses.Much like everything on Oak Street, the Oak Street Cafe is full of charm. 
A friend and I decided to go there for lunch since neither of us had ever been before. I felt much like I wandered into a diner on set of the Andy Griffith Show.
It's a small place; not really much to look at, but if decor is why you're here, you're here for all the wrong reasons. It's obviously a place with many regular visitors and friends, as the owner was chatting with such a group at a table in the front.
The lunch sandwiches we had were amazing. I had the Carrollton Panini with turkey, bacon, sun dried tomatoes and some sort of pesto. Delicious!
About halfway into our visit, one of the employees called for a guy to play the piano as she filled the entire cafe with sounds of My Funny Valentine.
I thoroughly enjoyed my first experience here. And I will most certainly be back to try out their breakfast menu.Stopped by on a whim, did not know the place existed but was walking down Oak Street and went in. They service breakfast items until they close, which was 2:00 pm. There was a fellow playing the piano when we came in and he was decent.
When we walked in there were many tables that had not yet been cleaned off. Apparently there were only the cook and another person taking orders, money etc.
Anyway not knowing the hours of the place we ordered biscuits and gravy. and coffee. Even though it was almost 2:00 pm we were not rushed in any way. In fact other people came in to order take out while out food was being prepared.
Back to the food, having had more than my fair share of biscuits and gravy I know when they are good. Their version has a slightly different flavor, some spices and onions that brought out the best in the gravy. The biscuits were nice and fluffy and above average. Other than the piano player the walls are covered with pictures of people I assume had eaten there. There is also outside seating if the weather is nice.
I would go back, decent meal for not much money.
Was there Dec. 20, 2010I've never tried to come here on a weekend. I only end up here on my day off which is Wednesday. Normally on Wednesdays it is a DEE-lightful experience. 
Not too crowded. Not too busy. Food comes out the way I ordered it...and the best part...live piano music to compliment my dining pleasure.  
They have good coffee. My partner LOVES the apple fritters. I usually get the BIG Breakfast Taco. It's not like the one you get in Texas, but guess what?? You are in New Orleans and there is live piano music playing at the breakfast joint. Enjoy!!
p.s. Park one block away and you don't have to pay the meters!!We walked in and asked the guy at the counter if we needed to wait to be seated, he told us to sit anywhere. After we were seated for a few minutes the waitress came over and asked us to move because a regular customer was sitting there and he left to go to the bank. She said he was a grumpy old man and would cause a scene if we were sitting at his table when he got back. The place had lots of empty tables. I said well I'm a grumpy old woman and I said I could get up and leave. My son wanted to stay so we stayed and had breakfast even though I made it clear I would be happy to leave. The waitress was polite and even offered me a free drink. I told her no thanks. The music was VERY LOUD, the young woman who was singing and playing the piano was horrible, her singing sounded like someone stepped on a cat. I noticed a Dr. Bob sign on the counter that said "Be Nice or Leave", my son told me later in the day that the guy working the counter put it there when I told the waitress I would leave. If I would have known he put that sing up on my behalf I would have left without paying for the meal. The floor was filthy and it looked like someone vomited in the bathroom and no one bothered to clean it up. I would never go back to this place. Food is ok but nothing special.Oak Street Cafe is now Live Oak Cafe; it just re-opened at the beginning of the year. 
I took an out of town guest here as this was one of my favorite breakfast places (I didn't know it changed)... I'm sad to say this is on my Don't Ever Come Back To list.  It's now a full service place where they take your order and bring you your food at your table but good lord it took forever for that food to come out.  Almost 45 minutes on a weekday morning.  
Anyways, I ordered what I think was called the Big Boy breakfast because I have an appetite of an overweight middle aged man.  Lets start with the biscuit since this was one of the first places I've had a biscuit and I immediately fell in love 4 years ago.  That's a thing of the past, this biscuit was hard as a rock, burned, and had no flavor.  The sausage patty was the exact same thing: hard, burned, and no flavor.  
The small pancake was elementary.  I mean, I ate it in 12 seconds but it was nothing great like the cinnamon ones I've had here in the last.  Let's get real, you cannot mess up eggs, so good job on that.  Also, I need to add that the bacon was INCREDIBLE; thumbs up!  It was crispy, not burned, all meat, and full of flavor and pizazz.  MmmMmmMmm.
Also, I love the live music thing but it's louuuud.  No need for speakers.
My friend ordered a pretty basic eggs and meat type breakfast as well and had the same thoughts I did.  We were out of time to talk to our server, wherever he was, and needed to make that sprint to the airport.  
RIP Oak Street Cafe, you were AMAZING while it lasted.  Live Oak Cafe.... please work out the kinks!!I'm usually a fan of local places but the Oak Street Cafe is kind of disappointing. First time I went here I got the pancake platter. The pancakes were decent but nothing I would look forward to again. The rest of my platter consisted of eggs and bacon. My eggs were scrambled and too runny. The second time I went here was this morning and I ordered the Lombardi Trophy Scramble. Slight overkill on the sausage and bacon. The cheese was processed cheese and just ruined the whole meal in my opinion.
I will always give a business and/or people a second chance. I'm not hard to please AT ALL but in a city with so many food options I think I will dine elsewhere to fulfill my food cravings.Thank you for the ROTD compliments.They are very much appreciated. There is more than a 99% chance this one will never be ROTD :)
If the quote "First, you eat with your eyes." can be believed, then my first "taste" of Oak Street would be ok. The place is simple  enough with just a bit of grungy that seems to happen so quickly with places that try to focus more on other things than the food. Nothing to turn you off. 
The woman at the counter was friendly and I placed my order. She told me she could bring out my food since it wasn't busy at all. And it wasn't; Maybe 2 tables besides myself.
I ordered what seemed to be some fairly expensive biscuits and gravy since it didn't come with anything else. Got a juice and left a tip. $12 bucks. Ouch...but if the food was good, I'd be quite content.
So I head outside where I end up waiting for almost a half hour for my biscuits and gravy. I didn't mind a bit of a wait but half an hour was a bit excessive, especially when the woman said they were not busy (I know this because I put 32 minutes in parking and it was out when I got back in the car).
But again, if the food was going to be good, it's fine to wait a bit.
My "food" finally came out.  Oddly, there were green onions on it...For breakfast? No. Not before going to work. WTF were they thinking there?
Anyway...Figured I could pull them off if I needed to. Turns out, I didn't need to.
As you know, we're having a cold front and it was beautifully cool this morning.  But when I took a bite of my "gravy" it was cooler than it was outside. As a matter of fact, it had the beginnings of that greasy glaze you get when something with a lot of fat or oil gets cold. It was a bland, gummy glue-like gravy with a sheen of grease that coated my entire mouth when I tried to take a bite. And one bite was all I could stand to even attempt.
I realized that by this time, if I didn't leave fast I'd be late to work. So I took my full plate back in and put it on the counter and left.  The woman just looked at it.
I didn't have time to tell them exactly how horrible that was...Mostly because I needed to get something to try to wash that oily layer out of my mouth before work.
Again, the people seemed nice enough. The place was ok looking...but the most important thing in a restaurant is the food.
The food was just...nasty.
So 12 bucks wasted on one bite of "gravy" and an OJ.I went here the first time I came to New Orleans before I moved so it'll forever be in my heart.  It was also the first time I had a real biscuit and oh my god they're good and buttery!!  
The pancakes are HUMUNGOUS and flavored with cinnamon.  I don't know why they don't list that on the menu since that's what steals the show.  
Their donuts are the best I've had in the city.  Those twisty glazed ones will make you go mmmm.  
Hangover Alert:  The piano gets loud and the restaurant is crowded.  
One complain: When I came here with a group of 4 we all received our food at such different times that we hardly together unless some wanted to eat a cold omelette.Caveat:  I am required to go here by a family member whose idea (and now regular expectation) of weekend brunch consists of one black-and-white cookie and a chocolate milk from the Oak Street Cafe.  
But even if she changes her mind,  I'd be going, anyway.  Oak Street does decent job with various slung-together egg scrambles along various themes, like Mediterranean or Mexican.  More recently, they have taken an already strong Eggs Benedict and diversified it into several variants involving crawfish, a biscuit in place of the muffin, veggies, etouffees, and various one-time specials.  It's probably the best Benedict value in the city.  
The coffee is Community, hot, fresh, and you can make unlimited trips to where the shining shrine** benignly drips.  
The shrimp and grits are among the best I've ever had. The small pieces of bacon threaded through the dish have something to do with that.  
The hash brown potatoes are  homemade, chunky with skins still in the mix, and not the frozen Waffle House little stick variety that are getting more popular even at one-off diners.  
On Saturday mornings, a real old-hand New Orleanian piano player makes his way through the Great American Songbook, jazz standards, and local favorites.  He's often joined by a flugelhorn player, a bass-player who doubles as the joint's owner, and a spoons-and-tambourine type percussionist.  If that's starting to sound crowded and overly busy, it's not; you can easily carry a conversation at any time.  
The mood is casual.  Sometimes you pay when you order, but if they're busy, they'll ask you to pay later.  If there's a line at the register, relax, have another coffee, and wait a few minutes.   
**coffee pot