When in NOLA, you MUST come to Ole Saint!
Lindsay the bartender is aMAYzing! And she totally knows her beer! Ask her anything! Plus, she told us about this beer app for your phone that helps you rate and remember the beers you've tried. She's totally cool.
So, apart from our awesome beertender, the food is absolutely delicious! And the draught beer selection is phenomenal! I couldn't believe this place is owned by a former pro football player b/c had I known that before, I may not have gone in to the place thinking (especially with the memorabilia), "Eh, he's just selling his name. It's probably not that great." But how wrong I would've been b/c he did this place right! I'm definitely going back! :DWorst service I have ever had in my life. They were not busy and would not bring us anything we needed or asked for during the meal. They were rude to us, and my waiter spilled a full glass of water on me and didn't even bring me any napkins. The food was not bad, but they wouldn't bring me ketchup for my French fries or any condiments and they didn't give me the salad I ordered. Horrible service I would never go backI'm writing this as I sit here, waiting for our check. We haven't seen our waitress in 20 minutes and the hostess doesn't know where she is either. 
The food is adequate, but the Mac and cheese was really delicious. 
Honestly, I wouldn't recommend this place- we only went because it's connected to our hotel. The food is meh and the service was meh.Amazing food! I'll admit that the bartender took a minute to address me, but was very polite and helpful once he found me. I had the Barbecue Shrimp which was excellent, best I've had in town. Followed that with the Catfish entree. Again, I haven't found better in NOLA any time I've been here. I'll be back to try more.
Great beer selection as well, 20+ local options on tap!Nice beer bar and nice bartender (Star). Lots of taps to choose from but best go for HH since you buy one get one free (lower priced beer). That make it worth it since many of the (local!?!) brews are upwards of $9 each so the HH basically brings the price to what two beers would normally cost, maybe slightly better.
I had the pulled pork nachos, which were 'ok' but had some digestive issues later so won't do that again. TMI? Hey, just saving you some problems!
Bar area is nice, bar seating comfortable and it's a beer knurd's dream to gaze upon all those taps when figuring out what's next :)This is Deuce McAllister's restaurant and bar in the French Quarter that I'm guessing just pays Deuce a licensing fee for him to make appearances similar to what Harrah's does with Manning's.  Just like at Manning's where Archie can often be seen Deuce is often found here.  The food is a concise menu of interesting selections that are mainly Louisiana food.  The bar is large and is clearly designed to be a nice venue for watching sports. During the recent Ole Miss Sugar Bowl festivities this place was packed to the gills with Ole Miss folks including the new Chancellor.Dining Date January 17, 2015.
The Ole Saint has an excellent selection of local and gulf coast beers on tap. While sampling a few brews, my wife ordered shrimp and grits, and I had a shrimp po boy. My wife raved about her meal. The shrimp were plump and crisp and the sauce was excellent. My po boy was average. The bread was too crusty and I didn't care for the spicey mayo, but it was loaded with shrimp. The bartender was friendly with good service, and it was not nearly as crazy as the Bourbon St. bars.Started off badly, then got worse. We were staying in the Wyndham and it was late, so we thought eating here would be convenient. We went to the hostess stand and were given three different wait-times by three different people. We got seated and drink orders were taken. Water and tea came pretty quickly, but my and my husband's drinks sat at the bar for about ten minutes before our waitress finally brought them over. She took our appetizer order, then walked away. About 5-10 minutes later, another server came over and started to take our entree order (we assumed this was intentional and gladly gave her our orders). Our original server came over, clearly offended and told the other server we were her table. Then she proceeded to walk away without taking our order. When I was finally able to catch her attention again to ask if our order had been put in (my youngest son had not had a chance to order with the other server), the original server seemed confused that we wanted to order entrees. We gave her our orders again, and she put them in. She brought out our appetizers and only one of them was what we ordered (the flash-fried oysters). They were actually pretty good. When she brought the other correct appetizer (cochon de lait fries), they were ok at best- the meat was a little dry and the fries were a bit overcooked. Another ten to 15 minutes or so after we'd ordered, the waitress came by and informed me that the kitchen was out of what I ordered (the crab BLT). I understand this happens, but I didn't want to hold up everyone else's order by ordering something else. Also, the waitress came across as unapologetic and a bit flippant. It may have been an off night, but her others tables didn't look too pleased either-one woman actually went up to the bar and got her own to-go cup. Definitely would not recommend.Writing this while I'm sitting here. Food was amazing. Service is absolute garbage. The guy was clueless. Took 1 hour for us to even be able to order. An additional hour for the food to come and then it was wrong. We had a party of 12, spending $500 between us. Seriously, go to the worst Hardee's you've ever been to and save your time.Great Beer Selection. I had the Cochon de Lait Fries which were delicious. 
Service was Excellent! I sat @ the bar and both bartenders were attentive & friendly. 
I had a nice conversation with both the manager and one of the bartenders who both made me feel very welcome. 
The staff are on top of everything, the men's bathroom was spotless. The bar area was uncluttered and clean. Even though someone tossed their cookies (wedding party drunkard) on the way to the men's room you never noticed it cause the manager was there to clean it up.Great beer selection! Sierra the bartender is awesome! Not only were her beer recommendations spot on, but her recommendations off the menu were excellent as well. Was disappointed that they were out of shrimp and grits (due to high demand) but the po boy was excellent and chicken wings are the best around! I would definitely recommend and I will be coming back earlier to make sure I get the shrimp and grits next time.The flavor of the food was masked by all the grease. The staff could be friendlier. The beer list was good.My wife and I went there on a Monday night and it took forever for a server to come over and give us menus.  Once we did the service was good and the food was good.  After the initial wait it was a good expirence.Southern breakfast was awesome. Plus very friendly staff! Great place to stop in for a 45 minute breakfast and Bloody Mary! Yum!Great lunch stop before Saint's game. Service was snappy and friendly. We started with spinach and artichoke dip with crab. A fun twist on this appetizer. It was excellent. My husband had the saints burger. He said it was one of best he has had. I had the pork sandwich. A mix all good things pork, bacon, ham and pulled pork. If you are not mustard fan might ask for it without mustard. Well definitely return on next trip.Good beer selection.  Great service.  Decent burger.  Overall, liked the experience.
Specifically, if you are looking for a place to watch the game and enjoy local craft beer, this is the spot.  Delicious Abita espresso stout!Ole Saint is owned by Deuce McAllister and is the same idea as Walk Ons, with a New Orleans twist.
We stopped in here a few weeks ago before a LSU game just to get a few drinks and have some "quarter" time. Walking in, I was immediately impressed with the size of the place- the bar area is huge with a lot of space and there is an entirely different section for the restaurant.
We sat at the bar and I was pleased to see a lot of local beer on tap. I am so glad that bars are starting to embrace craft beer, especially local craft beer, and offer more than just Bud Light and Coors. The beer menu is pretty extensive, but if you are a regular craft beer drinker you aren't going to find anything here that you haven't had before. They also have a full bar, if beer isn't your thing, and the bartenders were fast and attentive.
They have quite a few big screen tvs, which makes Ole Saint the perfect place to watch a game and I like that they put a note on the tvs letting you know which game will be shown next. I didn't have any of the food this time, but I saw a few things coming out of the kitchen that looked really good, so I will have to get dinner when I go back.We were very disappointed with our experience.  The food and drinks were overpriced and the bread for our PoBoys was so stale you wouldn't want to eat it.  Service was very slow and the staff were not friendly at best. With all of the amazing restaurants in New Orleans I wouldn't recommend this one!If you're in the French Quarter, this bar is a must!! Star is the best bartender in the area. This bar has a great mix of local charm with tourist intrigue. The oyster appetizer was delicious.Always friendly service, good food, good drinks, awesome location in the middle of the French Quarter. A little bit of country and steak house in a traditionally New Orleans neighborhood. Have been here several times.I wish that I could give this restaurant a better review because our waitress, Cionne was amazing and more than understanding about our concerns. The management however, was certainly not. We had quite a few problems with our food and charges to our bill, but what left the worst taste in our mouths was how rudely the manager handled the entire situation.Food Poisoning alert!  We had a funny feeling right from the start and should have trusted our intuition.
We started with the Crab and Spinach Dip. My wife and my first bite should have sounded the alarms. The bread served with dip was stale and omg...the dip was horrendous. The crab tasted bad, it was runny and lacked any flavor. We sent it back after one bite. 1st Alarm.
Ordered the fries with pork and cheese next. Lacked any flavor as well and wasn't accompanied with any type of dipping so I asked for Ranch Dressing which helped. 2nd Alarm.
My wife ordered the Gumbo. This was supposed to have chicken and duck but we weren't able to locate any in the bowl...no flavor until she added some Crystal hot sauce. 3rd Alarm
Wait staff was nice enough but looked rushed. Gave us the impression they were trying to tab out and had other plans for the night. 4th Alarm.
Now the kicker, I wake up this morning to find out my wife has been up all night getting sick. Had to be the dip or gumbo...must had been really bad because she only had one bite of the dip and half of gumbo. As I said, we should have left immediately and it's sad that this could possibly ruin our 25th Anniversary weekend and dinner plans at Emerils Delmonico tonight. 5 Alarms!!!!This was the bar connected to our hotel when my buddies and I embarked on an epic bachelor party weekend in NOLA. Great bartender who recommended all of the "non-tourist" restaurants that we should go to (If you're reading this, thanks man. Deanie's was incredible). The drinks were solid too.
HOWEVER, there was this crazy lady sitting at the other end of the bar, yelling at us about being from Atlanta. She was a Saints fan, and Saints fans are known for being kind of stupid, so maybe I should forgive this. BUT I WON'T. By the end of our cocktails, this insane woman was yelling random New Orleans things at us:
"GUMBO. GUMBO. WHO DAT. GUMBO. HAND GRENADES. DREW BREES. GUMBO. CRAWDADS. WHO DAT"...
I know it's NOLA, but kick crazy people out of your establishment, Deuce McAllister!they have 2 for 1 beers for happy hour!!!! definitely the place to go. the rib appetizers were yummy!Wow, talk about a terrible experience that was made a little better by the manager. 
When we arrived at Ole Saint there were probably six or eight people seated, so the place wasn't very crowded at all. We were seated by the hostess at 8:50 and waited for a waiter/waitress to take our order. After about 10 min the hostess showed up at our table to take our order?? Don't know where the wait staff was?? She proceeds to take our drink order and then disappears. We wait about 20 minutes and ask another waiter if he could help us because we are pretty sure our drinks are sitting up at the bar and have been for about 10 minutes. Sure enough, they were our drinks, warm and watered down. By this time it's been 30 minutes and the place is packed full of people. The parade ended and many people are now in here to eat and drink. 
A new waiter now takes our food order and apologizes for the confusion. At around 9:50, everyone around us that was seated after us has eaten and has left or is leaving. So we ask a different waiter if HE could check on our food. Our other waiter shows back up and apologizes about the wait and says he will check on the food. At about 10:15 some of our order shows up and about 10:20 a little more shows up. Finally about 10:25 the rest of our order shows up that includes our appetizers. The food was really good and the second and third waiters were good, but it was a cluster in that place. 
We asked to see the manager and of course he apologized for the wait and the crappy experience and said he would comp our meal and that certain staff members would be fired. If not for the good food and the manager I would have only given this place 1 star or a half star if I could have.Excellent shrimp in the shrimp with grits. Sauce good but real salty. 
Place is convenient to everything in the French QuarterI was a little afraid upon walking in that this place was just going to be another over-priced French Quarter tourist trap with below-average food, but I was pleasantly surprised.  The menu was of decent size and was varied, and I really can't say anything bad about the food.  I had the BLT and soft-shelled crab and it was delicious.  My husband had the Cochon de Lait fries and gobbled them up.
The service was fantastic.  We came late on a Saturday night during Mardi Gras, expecting the servers to be dead-tired and grouchy and experienced quite the opposite.  We sat at the bar and not only was the bartender attentive and speedy, but he was really nice and made great conversation.
Since this is a gastropub, they had a good-sized draft beer selection.We just happened into Ole Saint during the end of our vacation in hopes of catching a couple of games while we grabbed our last meal in New Orleans. 
Our waiter, "Friendly," more then lived up to his name.  He was the perfect balance of attentive without being annoying.  My wife just had the pretzel and sausage appetizer which was delicious.  The had the pressed pork sandwich and hitch was absolutely amazing.  The bread was flakey and delicious and the meat was a generous portion. Speaking of generous portion - the French fries were homemade and some of the best I've had in a while and a huge portion. 
Our kids had all three of the options available and all three were huge portions at a great price.  
Definitely worth a visit - good food, huge portions and a reasonable price, that's a trifecta in my book!Worst service ever! Do not go here. Can't tell you how the food was because one hour after ordering we still didn't have any food. With so many other options in New Orleans avoid this place!Service was a tad slow but it was in the French quarter on a Saturday night so you have to expect that. We just got a bunch of apps but they were great. The wings were perfect and garlicky, the ribs very tender and a lot for $10. The eggs were good but just tasted like deviled eggs; not much of a crab Flavor.Not worth it.  It's cool that they have 50 beers on tap but the food was nothing special at all! Had a shrimp po boy and the bread was hard as a rock. The shrimp was just ok but nothing great - looked like pre-battered and processed, deep fried boredom. Fries were soggy and barely warm.  Server was "phoning it in" and behaved like he had something better to do than serve us.  Will never return.Great little bar/eatery.  Service was slow, but our server was sweet and kind. I had the wings which were better than I expected. Will visit again.Stumbled upon the Ole Saint upon looking for a spot for breakfast with no wait. My husband and I had already checked into a few breakfast spots prior; all with 45+min waits. We kinda thought it silly to stand in line for an hour in the French Quarter for a meal when there are SO MANY places to eat and drink around us. We were a little worried after heading into the Ole Saint, only because we have been a bit disappointed with the food we've found in NOLA thus far. Did we really have to wait an hour to find a decent spot to eat in this city???
NOPE! You don't!
Just head into the Ole Saint. Wonderful service, delicious food, and very polite employees. I've worked in customer service for many years and this place has some of the hardest working employees I have ever witnessed. Everyone was bustling around, sweating, cleaning, conversing, all while maintaining an incredibly pleasant, polite, and professional demeanor. This is exactly the place to go to experience some delicious food and southern hospitality! 
Lots of beers on tap as well!GO HERE ! Oysters, shrimp, wings are all amazing. Great beer selection definitely going to visit againTrash. Went at 10:30 on a Friday and the food was horrible. Server was nice about it.Stopped in for a beer but ended up staying for dinner because it was raining like crazy and we didn't wan to deal with it...  Not necessarily our best decision.  The food quality compared very closely to a Red Robin.  It works when you're hungry, but it won't leave you wanting more.
The beer selection, however, is impressive, especially with their concentration on local brews.  I would have given it a 3-4 just on that, until we ate the food.We went here several times for drinks, dessert or breakfast buffet during our week stay at the attached hotel.  For the most part the food was good.  The breakfast buffet was a good value.  Some servers were friendly and attentive and others never came around after delivering our order.Good breakfast, with very good sausage, buttermilk pancakes, and garlic potatoes. 
For $15, I think the buffet should have a few more or interesting dishes on it, but it was good, ....but not great. 
The buttermilk pancakes are great!  They are light & fluffy, and taste like your grandma made them. They are served with traditional Louisiana Steen's cane syrup & butter. 
The coffee is also just good, not as robust as I like it. 
The staff is friendly and attentive. 
Menu items range $7 - $16We were greeted by our server, Hollywood, who from start to finish provided exceptional service. The gumbo was very good. The shrimp remoulade  was delicious. Great service and food was top notch.This restaurant has long wait times . After they did not have the sandwich I ordered, I changed to a burger. The rest of the table got served , ate and were done and no burger. MAC and cheese is good . That's about it.Came here with my boyfriend while visiting New Orleans, amazing food and great service! We loved our server Star and thank her for being so awesome! She deserves a raise! The food was on point. Try the flash fried oysters. I can swim in the sauce! Come here!Can't give this a real rating because I waited about 20 minutes to be seated even though the place was not very busy. Eventually the hostess came back to sit me and I waited 25 minutes and still no one came over to help and wouldn't give me and my party any attention. 
It's like the place didn't even want my money! 
I won't be back.I did not like this place. The service was extremely slow even though it wasn't busy. My husband had a burger and it was very greasy. I had wings and they were very tough. I ordered the shrimp appetizer and it came with the the outer shell and antenna still on them. I couldn't eat it. Overall it was a waste of $50. The waitress was nice but it was clear that I didn't like anything and she didn't offer anything off the bill. Overall, I wouldn't recommend it.These place was not what I expected. I ordered the gumbo being that this is New Orleans! To my surprise the gumbo tasted very different. It was overflowing with something yet still missing a key ingredient. I was disappointed. I also tried the deviled eggs. They were also okay. I have had better at other places. I don't think this is a place I will be running back to soon.The worst service ever! For starters the hostess had an awful attitude.Our server was really nice but the food was AWFUL!!!Slow service, watered down drinks, okay food. People left because the service was so slow. Do not eat here.Amazing food and great draft beer selection. Enjoyed everything we ate. Recommend the flights of beer to try what they have. Wife says best Brussel Sprouts ever. Roast beef was sloppy like it should be. Can't go wrong with any selection.It's not perfect, but if you're in the Quarter you can do a LOT worse than Ole Saint.  It's a block off Bourbon Street (thankfully!) and the decor is very nice - I'd call it upscale if that's possible for a sports bar.  Drinks are fine and prices are in line with similar places but if you're into beer this may well be your place - there are tons of beer on tap including more Louisiana options than I've seen anywhere.  As for the food, it was surprisingly good on an initial visit and very reasonably priced.  The gumbo was pretty good with just a hint of spice on the back end (but no Crystal on the table), and cochon de lait fries were kind of a New Orleans version of Poutine which was only missing a bit more gravy and a little salt.  The hit of the meal was a 12 ounce bone-in pork chop (cooked perfectly, but if you're averse to any pink in your pork make sure to ask for it well done) along with roasted sweet potatoes and some really good Southern braised greens.  The entire pork chop plate was $16 and it was big enough for 2 meals - pretty much all the portions are fairly large so you're unlikely to go home hungry.
I would absolutely come here again - my main complaints are slow/marginal service (which seems to be pretty common for anyone not sitting at the bar) and the fact that they had a ton of fairly small TV's throughout the place but it would be much better with a few larger ones that are easier to see if you don't happen to be seated within 10 feet.  I won't be a regular because I don't often venture into the Quarter (and during a Saints game there were very few locals) but it will be a nice option for football when I have some friends in town later in the season.  And they take reservations!
I'm pretty sure Deuce McAllister has NOTHING to do with this place other than getting paid for some appearances and to put his name on the place but the owners (who I think run the WOW chain in the suburbs) did a much better job than I thought was possible.  Very nice.A really solid shrimp and grits. Good texture on the grits (which I take very seriously), flavorful, well spiced shrimp and a decently cooked egg on top. Very nice breakfast.Service and food were a thumbs down.  Stopped in to grab a small bite and get off our feet for a few.  We were there far longer than planned due to the service.  Didn't eat much more than a couple bites of either plate we ordered because quite frankly, it was bland and totally uninteresting.  We had an order of wings and a bowl of gumbo like substance.  Ok, to be more accurate it was more of a not so gumbo like substance they called gumbo.Slow service.
Soup tasted like the chef accidentally poured a bottles of thyme or oregano into the pot. The vegetable side was slimy and tasted rotten.
:( so disappointedI went to New Orleans for Jazzfest and was staying at the hotel next door, The Wyndham. We arrived our first night and decided to get something to eat nearby since it was late. We walked over to Ole Saint and noticed it wasn't busy . First mistake. I gave this restaurant two stars because the food wasn't too terrible.. well, it wasn't the worst that I have ever had. We had a waitress named Whitney or Whitley. Not quite sure, I would have been more certain about her name if she had actually looked at us while introducing herself. She stared across the room so much, I wasn't even sure she was talking to us. I wanted a glass of wine so I asked for a wine list. She said they had one. Instead of hunting one down for me, she decided to take it upon herself to tell me what wines they offered. Which is fine but if you can't pronounce the variety of wines, then excuse yourself and get me a list. I just ordered a Cabernet to move things along. I also requested waters for us. She comes back, with no water, and takes our order. I ordered a medium cooked hamburger and my boyfriend ordered wings. She decided to memorize our order, which should have been done easily. Right? No. She came back by our table to ask if I had said "well done" for my hamburger temperature. I corrected her and yet, I got a well done hamburger. Never got the waters we asked for and she never came to check on us. She finally came to our table after we were finished and asked how we enjoyed our food. At this point, I'm done with the terrible service, I didn't even reply and simply asked for our check. We hand her a credit card to run and she comes back over to literally toss the check presenter on the table with no pen to write with. No manners and no apologies. My boyfriend had to go wander off to another table to get a pen from another check presenter left on a table. As being a waitress myself and knowing tips are what we live off of is her only saving grace she had with us tipping her. Wasn't a good tip but there was still one. I would not return to eat here on our next trip. Someone needs to retrain her before she takes another table.Nice place to watch the game, grab a beer and have a bite to eat. 
I highly recommend the Cochon de Lait - although I did feel the need to eat a salad afterwards LOL Their beer selection is fantastic and they have several ciders on the menu as well. 
Mike is an excellent bartender and will take great car of you!The lone bartender Morgan was slammed at first and so service was sketchy but she worked really hard and when things got down to normal was very attentive.  The shrimp remoulade was fantastic and my wife really enjoyed the boiled shrimp starter. The roast beef Po-boy was awful.  Don't order it. Good beer selection and a sports bar environment.Great craft beer selection.  Didnt eat anything but the happy hour specials with the several dozen craft beers made it worth the trip.Nice and quiet. Well lit. Friendly. $1 oyster shooters until 7 pm. Good too. Better than some of the more well known places.This was one of my most disappointing visits to a beer bar in the last few months. I went there because they advertised it in "Where y'At"-Magazine as "voted best beer selection" and "54 craft beers on tap". We came there on a Wednesday evening at about 10:15 pm - a time when a craft beer bar should be very busy. Well: This one was not - and for a reason: It turned out that the selection was focussed on regional breweries - and not necessarily on their most characterful beers. Okay, there is a point in drinking local. But then you would have to feature really interesting beers.
The price tag is rather high - maybe the higher the bitterness the more expensive.
But the worst experience was the service. Even as the bar had only a handful of customers at 10:20 pm we had to wait for more than five minutes to be offered a beer list. 
The beers we chose were okay, the service was not: Once we had our beer other guests arrived (they had Budweiser from the bottle) - but this did not stop the bartender from starting her cleaning work. She used unpleasantly smelling detergents while other barstaff had a meal in the adjoining room. Then everyone seemed to decide that it was time to discourage all guests - they started to put the chairs on the unoccupied tables well before 11 pm. 
So we decided to leave - no one waved us goodbye or said something like "hope to see you again". They will not be seeing me again anyhow.I'm visiting New Orleans for a conference and a few of us just looked around our hotel area (Marriott Canal St.) to find a place to grab lunch. We walked into Ole Saint not realizing it was a football bar and the Saints were playing. It was packed! Nevertheless, we were greeted by a very friendly and dedicated hostess who assured us she would find us a great table. Once seated after only about 5 minutes, we chatted for a few more minutes before our server, Evelyn, greeted us and made us feel welcome. The food was outstanding and came out reasonably quickly. I tried the wings, which might just be the best wings I have ever had, and a side of Mac and Cheese, which was also quite delicious. It was also a nice surprise to watch my hometown team, the Cleveland Browns, on one of the many televisions around the room.The Best food I have ever tasted! The worst service I have ever had, it was embarrassing Manager JJ DIDNT CARE ABOUT OUR RECOMMENDATIONS ON SERVICE, proceeded to give the same service! Sad story.... Don't recommend going here unless it's the only thing open!Nice Sportsbar with lots of space, ample TVs and sound. Too many of the bars in the Quarter won't give you the sound for games. This place has quality food. - Not your typical bar food. Large bar seating so if you are traveling alone there is a comfortable place to hangout with others.I really liked this place. The fried oyster crostini was awesome. I didn't know it was Deuce Mcallister's place until after which was cool. The beer selection is great too.My son and I came upon this restaurant after we were unable to get reservations until late in the evening at another one.  I was so pleased by everything they had to offer.  The atmosphere is relaxed and friendly, staff were kind and competent, and the food was authentic and delicious.  The crab and spinach casserole as a starter was good enough not to want to share and the short ribs with a sweet potato purée was prepared beautifully.There are so many good restaurants in New Orleans, you could retire here as a Yelper...
I come here often and vacillate between hitting up the places I know versus trying someplace new.  Luckily tonight I decided to see what is "hot and new" on the Yelp iPhone app (why doesn't this exist in the web version?!?)...
One street off Bourbon is the swankier Royal Street.  There are lot of good shops and the famed Hotel Monteleone, and right across the street is this new restaurant.  There is a good amount of seating that you can watch the passers-by - the windows/doors were open while we were there.  Mind you, there is not the craziness happening on Royal like there is on Boubon Street, but this is the Big Easy - every one seems to "live a little" while they are downtown.
We sat at the big U-shaped bar, which was staffed by two friendly bartenders.  The bar was fully stocked with a variety of liquors, but we decided to go with a couple of their draft beers/ciders from the wall o' taps at the end of the bar.
I had the flash fried oysters with horseradish sauce.  They were served over a bed of pickled relish - this was a great combination.  There were lots of choices on the menu I wished I had tried - I was dying for a burger after I saw the reviews here.  Sadly, I didn't make it back on this trip, but I shall definitely return.Killer gumbo--smoky, spicy, wonderful.  Great 'beer wall' and friendly service.  I've been here twice two years apart (I'm not from NO) and the food, service, and beer were great both times.Disappointed.  Went on Saturday around 11pm. Was sat at a table but then no one came to take our order. We waited about 15-20 min. Still no one. So we walked out.  There were plenty of waiters but we seemed to be over looked. Gave our business to another place.Booze is good. Food is fantastic. And the staff are super fun and personable. Clean, welcoming, sports bar with high quality bar food.Randomly found by a recommendation from another bar's bartender, this place was quite the find. Hollywood, the waiter from New York, brought a charm and professional yet casual demeanor to our experience... in other words, we had a great time killing time. Plenty of beer on tap and the gumbo is a hell of a pick me up snack, while taking care of that empty stomach so more beer can be enjoyed.
Stop by this place... seriously, you won't be let down.I have to say I'm surprised by the lower star ratings. We came here twice during our vacation for drinks. The happy hour deal is a steal (2 for 1) and the bartender was very friendly and gave us some recommendations for restaurants. Our second time was to watch the Ryder Cup and they seated us right in front of the TV broadcasting the golf so we could not complain. Their prices are a bit high normally but expected. We only had one appetizer which was good, but not great.The food was just plain bad, the gumbo was the worst I had of 10 different restaurants in the area.  Also, what you order isn't quite what they serve you. In addition, I ordered the Cobb salad with 1/2 crab meat and 1/2 bbq shrimp; the bacon was way over salted and the shrimp was frozen. However, not everything here is bad, the beer is great and a plentiful selection. My recommendation is avoid this place unless you just want to have a beer and watch the game.Went during Mardi Gras season...the shrimp and grits were AMAZING!!!! And the service was nothing short of excellence. I will be returning during my next trip to the Big Easy, no doubt!My husband walked in for a cocktail only and sat at the bar. We immediately noticed it Smelled like dirty dish water. Order a miller light and a vodka soda. I asked for a lime and the bartender squirted lime juice in my drink. Not what I asked for! He put too much in and ruined my drink. Then he over charged us for the beer - he rang up a different kind. When I pointed it out he seemed put out and never apologized.Wonderful little gem in the Quarter. We had Cochon de lait French Fries are the bomb!Great food! Good location - just off of bourbon street in the French quarter. The service was fast and friendly. 
We started with the BBQ pork fries - which are a must. Basically nachos but with fries and not chips. Pretty genius. 
I got the Louisiana chopped salad with shrimp and was throughly pleased.
Number one part of this restaurant? Biggest local beer selection in town. Tried the NOLA blonde ale and it was delicious!Our waiter was extremely slow and unorganized. It took forever to get our drinks and food. If it weren't for the amazing appetizers, this review would have been 1 star. On top of all that, our main meals came out cold.huge beer selection, small rather pricey menu, usual NOLA standbys. Service is unbelievably slow. and i Mean really slow. easily 15 min for cheese fries, soup, yes soup, was even slower. waiters are rather rude too. wont be returningI only drank here & only gave it 5 stars because the Blue Moon rep bought us multiple peach beers that he was promoting. I have no idea what the food was like. Atmosphere is nothing special. But, with 3 free beers in NOLA, you've got to be happy. We are going elsewhere for dinner. Location is awesome & where we're staying.We were looking for something casual for Christmas Eve and after looking over the Ole Saint's menu we knew we had found our spot.  It has a something for everyone, including a great beer list!  it was kind of dead when we got there but as the night went on it got more and more busy, and by the time we left it was hoping pretty good.
The table split a few apps to get us started, settling on the Cochon de Lait Fries, Garlic Crusted Chicken Wings, and Louisiana Crab and Spinach Casserole.  They were all very good but my favorite had to be the fries.  First, they know how to make fries, you have to fry them twice to get the perfect crunch.  It sounds easy but most places that cut their own fries have a soggy end product.  OK, so take the perfect fries and then cover them with pulled pork and white cheddar cheese.  OMG, it was insanely great!  Kind of a Louisiana style poutine.  Next time I'd probably just get one of these for my meal, and not share any of it!
I had their version of a Cuban sandwich - Chisesi ham, applewood smoked bacon, house pulled pork, swiss cheese, on Leidenheimer's multigrain bread.  It was one of the best sandwiches I've had in quite some time.  It also comes with those great fries.  
Two people in my family got shrimp po boys, another the chicken pot pie (they were out of rabbit), and the other a soup/salad combo.  Everyone was very happy with both their food and the dining spot.  The service was great and everyone that worked there was super nice, which says a lot for people that have to work on Christmas Eve.  
If you find yourself in the French Quarter looking for a spot to sit down and enjoy some great food and drink then Ole Saint is just the spot!Awful service! The waitresses gave customers dirty looks behind their backs and would talk about customers right in front of them.One of the dishes that I all have truly missed from New Orleans is the Roast Beef PoBoy! This restaurant nailed it!.....brought make memories of growing up here. My husband had the Shrimp PoBoy and that too was great. The staff was very friendly and the food was amazing! This is my first time eating here and I will definitely recommend it!We popped in for breakfast since we stayed at the hotel next door. The breakfast featured an OVERPRICED menu of less than desirable menu items and the buffet was lackluster at best. The scrambled eggs were wet and runny (GROSS), the sausage over cooked but the bacon was good (hard to mess up bacon!) the French toast was ok but nothing to write home about. Overall very disappointed for the price. 
The service was great to bad their food wasn't.