Such a beautiful space in the new Standard building. Would be a cool place to grab drinks and hang out. Service was amazing, but the food was lacking. Everything needed sauce, extra seasoning, or something to turn it up a notch.
I tried all 4 of their tacos (steak, tempura shrimp, mushroom, drum). Each dish ranged from $10-12 and came with two per order. My favorite was the tempura shrimp. It was fried well and had the most flavor. The steak was dry and not tender at all and they gave a lot of it. The mushroom taco was deconstructed and you have to put it together yourself. The drum was also dry and flavorless. A little hot sauce could have made each of these dishes a little better. 
Octopus botanos - came with potatoes and poblano rice. Large pieces of octopus, rice was tasty. 
Cauliflower app w/ salsa seca - roasted cauliflower, had good crunch to it. Salsa was creamy and just okay, not enough flavor. Not something I would order again. 
Not sure if I'd come back any time soon with all the new restaurants opening around the city. So much food to try, too little time to come back to places that weren't absolutely amazing.Food was not good. Server was great but food was very subpar. Potatoes were warm, no chips with the guac. All four entrees were subparSpace was amazing! The Queso appetizer was not queso,  It was this big hot clump of cheese with roasted pumpkin seeds with honey and came with three unsalted pieces of tortilla. My ribs were overcooked and dry. And they don't tell you the ice teas are 4 DOLLARS A PIECE for each ONE YOU drink. OH! And I got yucca tater tot's which tasted like  paste. Our waitress was super sweet and nice but the food was super disappointing.Nice people and a great vibe but the guacamole was bland, pulpo was inedible and the worst Chile rellenos I've ever had (even my own were better). Perhaps Mexican food is not what you seek in NOLA? 
At least they removed the pulpo from our bill. :)OK Y'ALL GET OVER TO THIS PLACE. Cute decor, creative presentations, unique flavors, and noteworthy food.
What we had: 
-queso fundido: 7/10 - not spicy and too oily 
-chilaquiles: 10/10 - I don't know how to explain this other than WOW 
-oyster mushroom tacos: 5/10 - too salty and not great flavors
-octopus and pork belly: 9/10 - octopus was great but pork belly was a little tough 
-spring pea tostada: 9/10 - super creative and yummy but was left waiting for the punch of flavor
I want to come back and try even more! There are so many menu items left for me to taste.  For such a new restaurant, they did a great job and were incredibly receptive to feedback.So we were fortunate enough to be invited for to this restaurant for its friends and family night ahead of it's official opening. I will say that the drinks were all pretty decent. The margarita is a safe bet but the El jardín was my favorite. The food was ok in my opinion but not over the top. This is likely due to the fact that the restaurant is brand new and they are still trying to figure everything out. The chilaquiles appetizer was my favorite of the others we tried. The fish tacos were good, the ribs not so much. The chili with crawfish was also pretty good in my opinion. The restaurant decor is really nice and we will certainly give it another try. Definitely can see my self having drinks at the bar in the near future.My husband and I made a last minute reservation at Otra Vez for dinner last night and had such a great experience! The interior was very open with beautiful tropical plants. We had the best margaritas and our service was exceptional. We couldn't stop eating the queso and local honey! Also highly recommend the coconut ice cream sundae with brûlée and banana. Excited to see new flavors come to downtown, we will definitely be back!!Was in town producing an event and took my production team out for dinner as a mini pre-event celebration. We sat at one of the counter tables near the open kitchen. Atmosphere was fun and vibrant. The restaurant is bright and modern, great art.  Food was fantastic and service was beyond attentive. Mexican fusion for sure. The chef even came out to check on us to make sure we were enjoying everything. We had a vegan at the table and a couple of people with allergies. The chef was very accommodating and made them their own dishes. Great personal attention to detail.
We ordered a bunch of different dishes and shared them all. Definite favorites were the queso fundido, the steak tacos, and the octopus and pork belly rice, and the team is still talking about the banana caramel dessert.  Super decadent but surprisingly light. 
If you go, get the El Jardin cocktail to start.Meh. Just meh. The place is clean and modern but the food which is what you're there for is very "I'm learning to cook Mexican food" like. We were a big group so we ordered several things but nothing stood out... the steak tacos were so salty they were bitter. The queso fundido comes with 3 tortilla chips and if you want extra they will give it to you for a 5 dollar charge. The drinks were ok at most but not really. They will charge you the 20% gratuity but they won't tell you do you tip again on top of it. My point is Otra Vez won't get my money Otra Vez. Just not worth even the time researching for it.Exquisite service. Eclectic and relaxing vibe. A great date spot for brunch and dinner.We were trying to find a place to have dinner last night, and Otra Vez came up on Eater NOLA's Hottest Restaurants of October list. We looked up the menu and it was huge and looked great.
We found street parking nearby and went in. The restaurant is very modern and classy. 
We were seated immediately. Upon receiving the menu, we realized the menu we saw was for Otra Vez Cantina in Colorado... whoops.. The menu is small, with few options. I would've liked to see more, but it is what it is. The tacos are $11/2, which is steep but right along the lines of a Johnny Sanchez. We ordered the steak tacos, drum (fish) tacos, pumpkin blossom quesadilla, and spicy red rice & black bean side.
The drum taco was great. The fish was cooked perfectly, and the flavors & textures of the mango/radish salsa and pistachio mole complimented one another perfectly. All it needed was a squeeze of the lime wedge and it was perfect.
The steak taco was very very good. It was all the flavor you'd want from a steak taco. The only knock, it was tough. That said, skirt steak is tough. And it was so well seasoned that though it was chew-intensive, it never lost flavor. 
I'd recommend both.
The quesadilla was okay. I enjoyed it, but it wasn't anything to write home about. For the $12 paid, I should've ordered more tacos.
The spicy red rice and beans was $5 but nothing more than the flavors of a boxed Spanish rice and a can of black beans warmed up. Definitely a pass.
All-in-all, I think a 4 was earned. The quesadilla and rice wasn't the best, but the tacos were very good and I look forward to coming back to try the others on the menu.
Aside from food, our waiter was kind and patient. He informed us of sides and offered dessert after. The churros sounded good, but we ended up not ordering.Otra Vez is a breath of fresh air to the New Orleans culinary scene, and has filled the gap of elevated Mexican food in the city.  A friend of mine always judges a Mexican restaurant by the quality of their rice and beans - Otra Vez passed my "rice and beans" test with high honors.
In addition, I ordered the guacamole (five stars), margarita (five stars and no tequila headache next day), yucca tots (interesting/could have done without the aioli) and steak tacos (generous amount of steak, would prefer a leaner cut, but well seasoned and would 100% order again).
It's only a matter of time before it becomes super crowded and impossible to get a table.  Apparently they also have a carryout taqueria set up, which is a thoughtful option for those times that you simply don't feel like a sit-down meal in a tastefully decorated, sophisticated-yet-casual restaurant.Great spot for dinner! We got the string beans, pea tostada, guac, and whole fish - all really great dishes and light enough to leave room for dessert. We were just looking for a light dinner option close by to our hotel and we're pleasantly surprised by this spot. 
They're a bit slow with food coming out, but they've only been open for two weeks - and it's worth the wait.Cute place with lots of light and great staff. Stopped in for a quick snack, got the green beans which were delicious with fresh lime. The queso fundido was sooo fancy and the best presentation. It had honey on top and was a lovely take on cheese dip. Would definitely go back to get the tacos.Presentation of the Place: As most of the previous reviews stated, the décor of this place, the vibes, and the service are all exceptional.  We went during dinner. 
The Food: 
Starter:
The Guacamole, guajillo salsa, and corn tostatadas.
This dish is your standard house guacamole,  albeit high quality to say the least; but what makes it a cut above is the guajillo salsa, which adds a nice smoky spicy contrast to the acidic creamy guacamole. 
Tacos:
We only got one order, and that was my biggest regret.  The charred steak, queso, and tomatillo was great. All the flavors worked together really well.
Botanas
This was really hit or miss.
Pumpkin Blossom quesadilla, ancho chile - This was probably the best cheesiest food that I had put into my mouth. It wasn't overbearing. It utilizes three different cheeses and incorporates them in different ways, which made what would be a traditional cheese quesadilla elevated.  The pumpkin blossoms and the ancho chile do a good job of cutting down the richness. A weird recommendation, but I enjoyed it.
Octopus, Pork Belly, Poblano Rice, Aioli -  The octopus, pork belly, and fingerling potato are served on two skewers on a small bed of rice. Octopus is cooked well. The Pork Belly was tough and not seasoned like the octopus and potato. The rice was good though I wish there was more of that poblana flavor coming through. The dish itself is small, (hence Botanas) so if you are with company that really likes octopus, I would recommend ordering two. 
Chile Relleno, Crawfish, Tomato Broth - This dish was probably the disappointment of the night. The pepper was stuffed with quinoa, which doesn't play off the texture and flavors of the pepper and the tomato broth. There is very little seasoning, whether it be salt or spice, in this dish. The crawfish choice also feels a little weird. If you are fan of Campbell's tomato soup, I would recommend it to you, but there are better options on the menu. 
Drinks:
Mezcalero- mescal, cava, ginger, and grapefruit bitters. 
If you are a ginger fan get this. I loved it. It is a great cocktail especially for the summer.
Agua Fresca, Tequila/Vodka, Watermelon, Mint, and Serrano, 
Another great all around drink. Wish there was a tad more Serrano to be a little more pronounced next to all that watermelon. 
Luchini - Ruby Port, Pineapple, Lemon.
Feels like sangria. Not overly sweet. A decent drink.
Verdict: Recommend 
 I feel like they need to work on their Botanas; however, I am excited to go back soon and try their Brunch 
This is a great place for dates and a nice hangout for friends during the week. I feel for a summer bite to eat,  I would recommend it. I would avoid most of the Botanas. Tacos and Drinks  I feel is what separate this place from others.Had dinner hear last night! It was great! Margaritas were perfect! Had guacamole as an app. It had a little kick from the Serrano peppers, which was great- also a very large portion. Then we had tacos/ steak, fish, shrimp. Steak was so good and sooo much steak! Like overflowing! Fish was delish! Seasoned well and cooked perfectly. Shrimp... they were missing something. Needed more seasoning on the shrimp and in the tempura batter. Also had the red rice and black beans which were a great side for the tacos. We'll definitely be back for the steak and fish tacos. Also want to try the whole snapper! The restaurant is gorgeous. Wait staff super friendly and attentive. Go!One if the best restaurants in NOLA - the sister restaurant kills it as well.  Amazing food amazing serviceWine pours were light. Guacamole was delicious. Tamale with mole was very tasty but it was 3 inches long served solo - no extra rice or beans. Steak tacos were marketed incorrectly as they were in fact more like brisket with 50% fat. 
Over priced for what was delivered.$4 iced teas and no free refills.   Really?
Food was pretty but not well seasoned for Nola.  They think they are better than they are for sure.Nice place and service is great. Loved  the fundido but did not try the guc. The charred steak tacos were great and shrimp ones were good. Did not care for the tamale. The la leche sundae was good and thought the churros were abit greasy and soggy.Great food and atmosphere. Recently newly constructed with a clean and light feel to the decor. Servers were fast and attentive.This place has good food.  Only reason for no 5th star is that the place is super loud and we could barely hear the waitress 
Don't expect tex mex style Mexican cuisine.  This is more like Indian food meets good Mexican food.  Guac was great, tacos good.  We tried the tamale and it was exceptional!This is officially one of my favorite Mexican spots in NOLA!!! The chef is Indian so there's some Indian touches in the food, too, which makes it unique and delicious. I recommend the shrimp chilaquiles, tacos, pumpkin blossom quesadilla and the chorizo roti. The chorizo is a green chorizo which I've only ever seen in Mexico!! Also their cocktails are banging. The space is gorgeous too. Highly recommend.Don't get the beat salad. Everything else was just okay. Not worth going to in a city of good eats.Great place with excellent tacos. Easy to stop by the quick take out taco bar during the lunch hour. Really friendly staff who are attentive and professional. Will definitely be back soon)Walked out. Went for lunch, two other tables occupied in the whole place-virtually empty, hostess sat us at a table, and for five minutes no one came over to even ask if we wanted water. Got up and left. Terrible poor serviceMixed bag that left me with no desire to return. 
The decor is very nice: plants everywhere, high ceilings, and great art.
We arrived for a birthday dinner a bit early and decided to grab a drink at the bar. We were never acknowledged by the bartender to even be told "hello" or "I'll be with you in a moment." My friend suspects that we were initially ignored because a very well known, humble, nationally recognized chef and restaurateur was sitting next to us and that the bartender's attention was on him. However, said chef seemed content with his full beer waiting for his wife. 
The bartender gave us his attention, made 4 nice drinks and then gave me the index finger telling me to hold on when I also ordered shots for the birthday boy. $70 bar tab and he gave me the index finger. 
We were seated. Our waitress was flustered and seemed overwhelmed, to put it diplomatically. We appreciated her gesture of cava for the table in celebration of my friend's birthday.
Food: the fillings for the oyster mushroom taco were served in a bowl separate from the two tortillas. Generous portion and tasty. It was too spicy, though, for my friend's taste. The guacamole was excellent. The shrimp appetizer is decidedly NOT Gulf shrimp and the tortilla chips and fideos (spaghetti) confused the dish. Whole roasted snapper was just OK. The steak tacos were good and the squash blossom quesadilla was tortillas, squash, and queso fundido to top it off. Meh. 
Finally, it was over 82 degrees in the restaurant. We got a vague explanation for this. My friend, who lives on the building above the restaurant told me it's been hot like they each time he's been. (He calls it Otra Expensive-in a vacuum, I'd disagree, but the experience isn't worth the prices).Awesome! We had a table of 9 for brunch, no complaints!
The all you can drink for an hour deal kept us happy and all our dishes were perfect! Great service, from the host to table service and watching the kitchen work was like watching a fine tune machine! Great work guys! Cheers!Good. Was expecting a little more from the hype. Worth a visit. Maybe better for cocktails and apps.Update. After trying this place out a few more times I felt the need to update my review. The menu has been adjusted a bit and the drinks are impeccable. The new frozen margarita has this very unique consistency that I absolutely love. We now stop in here quite frequently and for that reason we are quite thankful to have them in the South Market District.Service was great, cocktails too, food was terrible. Everyone seems to be high on the guacamole, and it was fine, but if the star of the show isn't something that is actually cooked then there's a problem. Guacamole is basic AF. The mushroom tacos were repulsive. I'm not even sure where to start with these. The quesadilla was edible but it literally tasted like a homemade grilled cheese. Your expecting something impressive given it's a Pumpkin Blossom Quesadilla but you'll be disappointed. Finally, the Chile Relleno, a personal favorite of mine, was a complete bastardization. I'm not sure what about it was a Chile Relleno at all. It was not fried, there was no cheese to be found inside (plenty of quinoa), and it sat in marinara sauce (tomato broth on the menu...but this was not broth). Look, i get it...you want to be playful...but you can't call it a Chile Relleno if it doesn't resemble a Chile Relleno in any way other than it's a stuffed pepper. And don't say "broth" on the menu if it's not liquid, clear, or broth. The 2 stars are for the wait staff and the cocktails. I hope they can turn the menu around because, yikes.Wow, what to say. Our party called and made reservations to watch the LSU National Championship. We were the only ones there for a while, but they didn't want turn the sound on for pregame. Then when we asked them to turn the sound on, and the volume was at a minimal level, they said one of the Speakers was out. Somehow it was never easy to get a drink, despite being the only ones there for a while. We should have left before the game started because I didn't get the impression they wanted us there. A few more people came in and the game started. One hour into the game they inform us that last call is at 0850. 0850 was halftime. Apparently the restaurant was not staying open for the entire game, only until 9 pm. This came at no surprise at this point, with the service we were receiving. They did not tell us that during reservations or at seating. Anyone in the restaurant, about 20 people in the end, were there to watch the game. We talked to one of the managers and she said that must be a mistake, but idk maybe they had a team powow or something because in the end, the place closed at halftime. They tried to smooth it over by get getting some of our drinks, but like I said, the service we experienced....it just didn't surprise me that they decided to close at 9 pm, despite it being less than 1/2 mile from the Superdome. Our experience there was extremely disappointing and i will never go there again and wouldn't recommend anyone, especially LSU fans, do the same. I at no poInt felt like they wanted us there, despite being the only ones at one point, and that was reflected in our experience.This place is absolutely insane. It is so hip and the new mexican restaurant New Orleans needs. The food is phenomenal. I went there with my grandmother, dad, and brother and we ordered 3 things of guacamole because it was the best we have ever had. Then, we got the fish which was perfectly balanced. It had the perfect taste for the setting and environment we were in. We got the yuka potato round things and they were the best complement to the fish. Also, my brother and I got the steak tacos and the octopus paella dish. Those were both out of this world. This was the best new restaurant that I have been to in New Orleans so far. We will definitely be coming back.Otra Vez is really good but not 5 stars. Their steak taco is probably the best in the city but their big entrees are a little off the mark, the beef rib is good but not great and other items are a bit pricy for what you get. Otra Vez does have great service though. I'll try it again sometime.We went to otra vez and enjoyed the majority of our meal. They have an extensive tequila and mezcal menu, which was lovely and the cocktails were delicious and well thought out. The queso and guac were great and the salad was nicely dressed. Our least favorite part of the meal were the tacos, they were under seasoned and would have been nice with additional salsa and thicker/ double tortillas.
We can't wait to come back to try other dishes!Great place for a group! We got a bunch of stuff to share. Tacos were delish. Queso was so good! They put honey in it! And the churro bites are amazing!What a delicious change of pace in New Orleans! Loved the vibe and decor of this new neighborhood gem, the food was delicious (lamb Barbacoa is a must!) and the drinks were on point. We enjoyed our large group gathering with timely service and a very accommodating owner.  Can't wait to try the in house taqueria that's open late every night! A must try for sure!Otra Vez
Stopped in before dinner service started when I was in town recently for EMF 2019.  Since the kitchen was preparing to re-open, only the taco bar (ACTQ) was accepting orders.  I ordered the steak barbacoa, baja fish, tinga de pollo and homemade chorizo taco.  Literally the best culinary experience I had in NOLA.  I felt light after eating them and found each taco specifically balanced in terms of garnish and salsa/sauce pairing.  I was also fortunate enough to meet the GM.  Exceptional business mind with a knack for relationship building.  It felt like I was being served in someone's home at their dinner table.  AND Y'ALL THE HOMEMADE CHORIZO, just out of this world, literally mind-blowingly good.  SO good in fact, I had no problem finishing the hearty sample I was given (oh yeah customer service was A-1) and my 4 tacos.  These tacos rivaled and, in some instances, surpassed my MXCD taco experience.
Don't think about it, just go!Visited here and had an amazing time! Otra Vez is a hidden gem in the CBD and shouldn't be overlooked. The ambiance inside is perfect for a date night, birthday event, and everything in between. The bar is nice and large, perfect for those stopping by to check out their AWESOME happy hour specials (M-F from 4-6, $3 tacos and sides, $3 beers, $5 wines, Mexican roti flatbread for $11).
Apps: Started off with the queso fundido guac, yucca tots. The queso had a surprisingly little sweet twist, which was unexpected but tasty. Guac had a little bit of a spicy kick to it. Yucca tots were also pretty delicious and a good starter option.
Cocktails: really really loved the Old Man from Oaxaca. Big fan of Mezcal, and they have a huge selection of different varieties, and tequila as well!
Foooood: enjoyed the chicken tinga and baja fish tacos. Fish was fried but tasted delicious with the chipotle mayo. Chicken tinga was served with avocado in the taco that paired well with the chicken tinga. For those that aren't fans of tacos, they do have other entree options including chicken enchiladas, tostadas, and ceviche. 
Will definitely be returning for a date night sometime soon! Everything was delicious, and the staff was super awesome.Our third time dining!  Today we had the brunch menu!  The Tortas Hamburguesa y Chicken Fried Steak were exceptional.  It's nice to have a chilled glass delivered with your cerveza and not have to ask for it.  Great service has continued throughout our prior visits.  We love the atmosphere and prime South Market District location.  Definitely will be back soon!My wife and I stopped in for a snack and a drink and enjoyed our experience here. The drinks were excellent, as was the food. The bartender was a great conversationalist who did an excellent job of recommending other bars and restaurants we might try. Highly recommended!I was so excited to try this place and my friend and I went today for brunch. The experience was terrible. We had to wait almost 30 mins to even get asked if we had been helped then our waitress forgot to put our food in. She said maybe 5 words to us  the whole time we were there. She was very unpleasant and they were not even busy. I won't be going back there again. The food was okay.Had the brunch special on Saturday with one hour bottomless drinks. It was such a treat! Great decor and ambience. Our hosts Tori and Paige were very prompt and kept the beverages flowing. We loved the jalapeño margaritas. We also got the Roti which was really yummy- fusion of Indian and Mexican food! Would highly recommend this place to everyone.Otra Vez recently had some major changes - positive ones. I feel like the quality of service has improved significantly and  I do like the overall vibe it has lately. They installed a projector screen for game days and they started to offer a brunch menu. I do appreciate their effort to continuously improve. I cannot wait to see what the future holds for this establishment.I'll start off with this review by the location of this restaurant. The area of this area is nice, clean, and safe. The atmosphere once you walk in is awesome! I began my night by starting off with a little alcohol, the Palmoma Welcome Punch was a nice smooth punch! The Drifter is also a nice drink as well.
Appetizer:  Guacamole  3/5
Dinner: ACTQ Tacos
Steak Barbacoa 1/5 
Baja Fish Tacos 5/5 - one of the best tacos.
Chicken Tinga Tacos 3/5 
Cauliflower Tacos 5/5 - one of the best tacos.
Dessert: Churros 3/5 - the syrup with the churros are delicious. 
Would definitely come back again!I had the best cup of French press coffee   I have ever had!  The fish tacos and the chicken tacos are super flavorful.  The ceviche has real crab claws in it.  Great flavor with a little kick and tons of seafood!  And don't leave without trying the churros!  So fluffy and the chocolate sauce is to die for!  I would highly recommend!Was very impressed with this new restaurant on Julia Street. Walked in at 9:30 without a reservation and they were able to accommodate a table for two. I immediately ordered a fresh squeezed watermelon + vodka drink that was very tasty and refreshing. We started with guacamole + salsa (earthy flavor) and the queso fundido. Both were great- there was a slight delay in our entree being served and they brought out two glasses of champagne for the wait. For the entree, we ordered the slow roasted beef ribs that are served with tortillas. They were excellent- the okra and purple cauliflower served with it had an amazing flavor. We also got the yuca tater tots which were fun! I will definitely be back to try the rest of the menu! They can also accommodate large groups.I stopped in just for a drink, and my expectations were exceeded (I'm not the easiest mixed drink critic)! I had an OV Margarita (the classic rocks margarita) to start off and it was tastey and strong. For my second drink, I ordered the El Jardin and...it's basically a margarita with a splash of freshness from cucumber plus a hint of spice and a splash of awesomeness. It will definitely be my go-to at Orta Vez. Can't wait to go back and try the tacos! Also, the bar tender was super friendly!Otra Vez is a new gem in NOLA where I especially feel at home! Lindsay, the bartender is very welcoming and attentive. The cocktails are fabulous (try the Coyote Wishes!) and the food is delicious with tons of vegetarian and vegan friendly options. Will be back again and again!The Guacamole is a must, let's just start with that! Dined at Otra Vez on a Sunday so we got to enjoy their Brunch menu. I sipped on their fresh squeezed orange juice and also had the Chicken Fried Steak Torta. This was really good, I recommend. Also enjoyed at the table was the Hamburguesa and an order of Tacos. The restaurant is very comfortable  and the decor is inviting. Our server was attentive and friendly. Great location and easy parking.
Note: Very Large Parking Lot right across the street.Super impressed with the margaritas & food was very flavorful. The wait staff was a little show but other than thank Hightower recommend!Ah man where do I begin and where do I end. Well it's not at Otra Vez. Was so thrown off by the failure to execute simple dishes like GUACAMOLE? How do you fuck that up? Just not my cup of tea. Was excited to get some good Mexican food in New Orleans but unfortunately the only good authentic Mexican food you can get is from the ladies the drive around job sites and sell plate lunches out of their trunks. Otra Vez. Bad just very badThis is a really nice new spot Downtown in NOLA. The service here rivals Chic-Fil-A. 
The food was good and arrived quickly. It's all prepped fresh and served hot. 
The brunch menu looks incredible so there's definitely a return trip in my near future.Went for a recent business lunch. Initial hiccup - with the fellow who met us at the door and seated us being rather rude - was made up for with some inventive and delicious food, and very good table service. Chips and salsa are *both* very odd (chips were just 3 large crispy tortillas that had to be broken into pieces at the table, and the salsa was more like a salty dark red mole sauce). Everyone in the party agreed that everything else we tried was very good: charred steak taco, crispy tempura shrimp taco, cheeseburger, and I forget what. 
Need to go back and try the drinks.Very trendy restaurant in the CBD. Love their El Jardin margaritas, has a little spicy kick. Really enjoyed their improved queso dip, guac dip, and steak tacos. Will definitely be coming back! It was a great spot for a girls night dinner.I'm so happy this place opened next to my place. The interior is very modern and chic. As for the food, the octopus taco and guacamole was delicious. The drink cocktails made by joe was also good. The service is great and I'll be back often since it's next to my place.One of the best happy hours in the city. Great drink deals and awesome food. The queso was rich and creamy while the chips had this amazing spice blend. 10/10Great drinks, great food, and a large selection of Mezcal.We are locals and love trying out new places. My husband and I ate breakfast and were not thrilled with the cost of versus the quality. Overall, Expensive for mediocre food. Nice restaurant and ambiance but better Mexican places with much better food in Nola.Stopped by Otra Vez for happy hour after walking by it several times.
I thought the food was great. The queso was different being a little sweet and with the type of cheese it was but still good. The fish tacos with the salsa verde were some of the best I've ever had. The crab tostada was also delicious.
The only downside for me was the service. We were treated as if we were the biggest inconvenience to have come in and sat down at the bar. There were no other patrons when we walked in so they weren't busy. That level of service continued the entire time we were there and was very off putting.
I would return and try sitting at a table because the food was good enough for a second chance but would avoid the bar service or go elsewhere.We were looking for a brunch place on a Sunday.  A place without a long wait line, with mimosas or bloody Mary, and with good food.  By luck we found Otra Vez.  We were just walking towards another restaurant and saw they weren't too busy.  The place looked nice, well lit, clean, and inviting.  So we grabbed a table and after looking at the menu we ordered.  
Unfortunately not everything was great.  
Coffee - they only serve french press, so we ordered one for the table.  That was awful!  It was like dirty water and grainy.  No flavor at all.  And not hot.
Dishes came out and non of them was hot.  Lukewarm at best.
As my meal I got the Breakfast Quesadilla.  It was good but not amazing!  I would have like more flavor, especially from a Latin kitchen.  Now, the rice and beans I asked for on the side were delicious!  And so was the Mexican Rotini my boyfriend ordered, which was also a generous portion.  
The huevos divorciados was the winning dish on the table.  That was also a big portion and full of flavor.  I recommend ordering that 100%.
Their Bloody Mary was good but missing garnishing.  Presentation is part of the fun of ordering this drink.
So, some hits, some misses, but glad we were able to find a place to sit down, eat and be in and out quickly.If you want to save time from reading this.Verdict: I wouldn't go back, even if someone gave me a $100 gift card to Otra Vez.The good, the bad, the ugly.
The Good: Really nice ambiance and décor. The hostess was nice. The roasted mushroom tacos were really good, and the tempura shrimp tacos were OK. Maybe a little bit more seasoning. The food came out on time.
The Bad: The gulf fish tacos were too salty. We sent it back, and they sent out another order of the mushroom tacos.
The Ugly: Where do we start...The server. She took the drink order after we sat down. Thats the only thing good I can say about her. She was rude, condescending. She had the " I dont want to be here" attitude. It was our first time there. My girlfriend doesnt eat spicy food, so we asked if anything was spicy on the menu. It seemed like we were bothering her by asking questions about the menu. Then she said, no modifications on any of the food. If you are allergic to any food, call ahead about nut allergies, seafood allergies to get clarification since there are no modifications on the food. We ordered our drinks. We ordered food 5 minutes after. We didn't get our first round of drinks until after the food was served (15 minutes after we ordered them.) As soon as I got that drink, I ordered my second one ( grey goose martini, up). I could see her tell the bartender that she didn't understand what kind of drink I ordered. So I guess you can add unknowledgeable about the server. I got that drink 15 minutes later as well. I had to ask the server for water refill. That was the only time we had our water glasses refilled the whole time. I guess since we asked a few questions about the menu and aggravated her, she only came back to the table maybe 2 times after that. She probably thought that if she didn't go back to the table, the issues would disappear.
About to run out of space here. After that, another nice waitress started taking care of us. A lot better customer serviceIt's possible this review is harsh, since I've only been once and it was at an off time. But they were definitely "off". 
First, we made reservations for 4 through Open Table. We arrived right on time, but they had to get a table ready for us. Most tables were empty, but they just hadn't cleared and preset a 4-top, so we had a short wait. Not a biggie, but why the reservation if they weren't ready for us?
Interestingly, as we sat, we got a notification from Open Table that we missed our reservation-so clearly there was some mix up. But again, most tables were empty, just not set and ready.
So, once seated we had to wait for our 4th person to arrive, and we ordered drinks, which took quite a while to arrive. One of our party didn't like her margarita and wanted to order something else. It took a long time to get our waitress' attention, and then it really took a long time to get the replacement drink. In fact, the person that wanted it finally went and got it from the bar herself. Our server was friendly enough, but we watched her go to and from one or two other tables and the bar as we waited for ours... We joked that the brunch "free refills for an hour" feature was pretty meaningless at the pace of the service. The place was NOT busy.
Quite a few minutes after we ordered, she came back to apologize that they were out of the chicken for my sandwich. Not 2 or 3 minutes later, but a few minutes later. I ordered something else.
Finally, the food arrived. By this time--especially after the poor drink service and the "out of chicken" delay, our server seemed to be in recovery mode and did get better. The food was good, but not very warm.  It seemed that it didn't all get cooked at the same time but was held up for everything to come out at once. At least two of our entrees were just mildly warm at best. Tasty, but probably would have been better if it had come to the table when it was ready...
Anyhow, we finally realized they were closing--it was between brunch and dinner, and we had been there for 90 minutes. Yeah, we did sit and relax a little bit (the whole Sunday Brunch thing is supposed to be relaxing, I think), but most of our time there was waiting for drinks and food, not socializing, and we actually had to cut our socializing when we realized they were closed.
So.....my thoughts are--obviously an issue with the reservation process, which we can just call a glitch. But if service for 4 simple entrees and drinks will take more than an hour, you might not want to take reservations that late. Really though, most of the delay was simply service. 
The space is very pretty and contemporary. Fits the vibe of this newly hip and trendy neighborhood. And I've worked restaurants...maybe we just caught them when it was so slow, on a mid-Sunday afternoon, and maybe they were just a bit too relaxed. Maybe  a second visit would bring redemption. But, I just don't think there will be an "otra vez" in our future.Margaritas on the ROCKS with a great happy hour from 5p-8p. The parking isn't terrible and the MOOD in there is chill. The tacos are $3 during happy hour, so now it becomes a SMOOD! The space is beautiful and clean.  Not super busy at the taco bar or regular bar, so I plan on coming back with friends and making it a girls night out!!!!Stopped here for Sunday brunch after seeing it mentioned online.  Breakfast Roti and Huevos Divorciados were both excellent.  Guacamole was very good.  Took off one star because the coffee had a strong tap water taste, and only one server for the dining room, which had about 10 tables by the time we left.  Eventually the hostess/manager stepped in to help.  Would come back for the food but would be a better experience if they worked on the details.This place was  surprisingly very good for being oN the edge of the French  quarter!!
The food was very homey but also very  flavorful and downright delicious!! 
We made it 20 minutes before closing and they were so gracious and accommodating which I loved because we were reallly missIng mexiCAN food on our vacation. 
It truly hit the spot and it's a reallly nice place
When we return to NOLA we Will make a stop here to eat!!Nope. Service was fantastic. Food was not as advertised. The manager didn't want to be there as she dealt with our lackluster food. It seemed like she was used to dealing with customers who were disappointed. I would guess Otra Vez won't make it a year.  New Orleans doesn't suffer mediocrity. Otra Vez would be doing better than it is if it was mediocreOtra Vez is a surprisingly modern, upscale Latin restaurant in the warehouse district. The interior design is beautiful and its kind of romantic at night with so many candle lit tables. We had the yuca tater tots to snack on as a starter, octopus pork belly skewers with poblano rice (which is similar to a paella when mixed together), and the charred steak tacos. All were good as well as the service and a good value considering the location and environment. I will return!This place is cute, the staff was very friendly, the tacos were delicious and the cocktail and margarita menu was astoundingly expansive. So. Many. Drink. Options. The most unique of which in my opinion was the Charcoal Margarita. We had roasted chicken and steak tacos. The side of rice and beans was a little spicy, but the side of plantains drizzled in queso was perfect. All in all a great taco experience. Only reason it was 4 not 5 stars was they are apparently chronically a little understaffed. The bar tender had to come from behind the bar to seat us and take our drink order. Then it was another 10 minutes until we ever saw our waitress. I had read on Yelp it can take a while to get your food so we were ready to order when she appeared. She was so so nice though. And the prices were pretty great! The whole meal was cheaper than 2 rounds of drinks at our hotel bar :)Not very good customer service. Waited over 15 min for a happy hr drink. There restaurant wasn't crowded. Happy hour prices are ok. Espíritu has $5 margaritas and $2 happy hour tacos. JS. The ambulance is very nice tho.What type of Mexican restaurant doesn't have salsa. Took a chair from a nearby table because we had an extra person at our dinner and the manager came over and was RUDE. Apparently it is a big deal that we needed an extra chair. They FORGOT one of our entrees. Food was average. Would not rush back here whatsoever.This restaurant is totally underrated! I've been twice and have had a delicious experience both times with minor exceptions. 
It's a great spot to go before a Pelican's game bc it's an easy walk to Smoothie King Center. Drinks are solid here, atmosphere is quite lovely with the huge ceilings and lots of greenery! Service is great, the seasonal menu changed almost completely between the several months since I've been. Last time we tried almost everything and the stand outs were a chickpea tostada with kale (sounds basic, but it was one of my favorite items!), the pumpkin quesadilla, and the octopus on squid ink risotto. Like so good I distinctly remember those three items off the top of my head. None of these were on the menu tonight, unfortunately!
Tonight, we had the market ceviche with fried yuca chips which was delicious, though there was a hint of something bitter which I could not put my finger on, but still fantastic. The Mexican street corn hit the spot as well. It's one of my favorite things to eat in general and they did a great job on that! We also ordered the cauliflower tacos, which were good enough, and the grilled carne asada (cooked almost to perfection!) which came with disappointingly bland rice and beans. But I'm such a fan of Otra Vez, I thank them for me not wanting to load up on carby beans & rice. So that brings is to MY ONLY COMPLAINT: they do not make their own hot sauce/salsa picante! I asked for hot sauce and was brought a near-empty bottle of Tabasco which was already turning brownish from old age. Thumbs down on that one and between the rice & beans and hot sauce issue, I took off one star. How can they not make their own spicy sauce?? It's Mexican food! It begs to be kissed with fire.  The waitress suggested we write a letter bc they get this complaint all the time.Went for lunch and they made us wait at the bar because we didn't have reservations?   The restaurant was never more then half full the whole time we were there.  Ac was only marginally working which might have been a ploy for the $4 iced teas and no free refills.   Really?  In smaller glasses at that!!!
Food was pretty but not well seasoned for Nola.  They think they are better than they are for sure.We came here on a Sunday before a noon home game. Very busy and it took a hot minute to get our food- but worth it. The vibe is super cute, open air, greenery, modern feel. The food is great!!! I got the huevos divorciados and bloody Mary's, absolutely delicious. I don't think I took a breath between bites. My friend ordered the pastas bravas and steak and eggs breakfast tacos. Everything tastes great, worth the wait.My family and I stopped in yesterday. It  seemed as though we caught them as they were opening, so we were the only ones in the restaurant which was great, because of Covid.
Let's start with the location. It's located right on the corner and the parking was pretty easy. It wasn't a busy time though.
The inside of the restaurant is absolutely beautiful. It's filled with green foliage, the lighting was great. The bar is large and there many liquor options. There's a modern, contemporary feel in this place. There's also a couple lounging areas if you wanted to just stop in for appetizers and a drink. Their playlist is great! 
The service was great, our server was in training but he was on it. 
The food...........
Unfortunately it wasn't giving what it needed to give for us. You get two tacos, for about 15$. There aren't any sides. We all ordered tacos and the street corn. The corn was "okay". It's kind of sour. We all ordered margaritas and it really only tasted like lime juice and sugar. Didn't really taste any tequila. I believe that the food is over priced and overrated.  Though this place is beautiful, I wouldn't really come here to eat, maybe sit at the pretty bar and vibe. The portions are tiny for the prices they are asking. The quest was also flavorless. The quac is mostly spicy than flavorful. 
So all in all, his place is cool and pretty, nice vibe... but expect an expensive bill for little food.Wow! Didn't feel like driving downtown from the westbank at 9pm but man am I glad we did! For a place that closes at 10, they were beyond friendly when we walked in at 9:20. The server was in no rush and the food was beyond delicious! Cauliflower tacos were so good I don't think I can describe it! Steak tacos as well!!!! Don't forget to try the amazing churros after your meal! Overall my new taco spot hands down!!!!!!!!!!When I walked in at 8:45 (they close at 10) I was told I needed to hurry because the kitchen was closing in 15 minutes. But then I had to wait while the host tried to put all of my information into his computer in case they needed to contact me later if I "left something in the restaurant." I learned later it's so they can call you the next day in the likely event that you have to send your food back. 
I just wanted a snack so I ordered a couple things off their tapas menu and some yuca tots. I guess the kitchen really was in a hurry because those yuca tots came out ice cold in the center. I also got a carnitas tostada which was piled high with very dry pork. They don't mention it on the menu, but the tostada has about 1/4 cup of aioli on it which is weird but I guess it combats the dry meat. The mushroom quesadilla looked like something a 10 year old would make. They have an open kitchen which is funny because they don't seem to care about preparing food at all. Don't waste your time here.Otra Vez is a very swanky, innovative Mexican restaurant located in the Market District. Street parking is certainly required but it is very easy to find around this area. 
First off, their drinks are very potent, especially the most recent time i went. My drink was called the Agua Fresca and it was superb! They also make mocktails as well. 
I ordered their Mexican street corn, rice and beans, yuca tots, chicken totstada, and their crab tostada. Their portions are very small, and I was left content, yet I could still eat more! Their rice/beans side dish is highly recommended! It is flavorful and very addicting! I expected the Mexican street corn to be cut up but it was served on a cob! It was delicious because the sauce drenched on the cob just made it so savory! Tostadas are VERY small, but the presentation is on point. They appear like high-scale bite sized nachos with a bunch of goodness loaded on top of it! Yuca tots were also very bite-sized and scrumptious! 
I heard there is a happy hour and their churros rock! So I definitely have to come back for all this goodness again and I hope you guys do too! :)This is the cutest restaurant. Everyone is so nice and helpful and the food is amazing! Do t get me started in that guacamole OMG! The best I've had in a long time.. I should have ordered some to go! Lots of gluten-free menu options, actually the manager said most of the menu is gluten free. To modify for a low carb diet just omit the tortillas. But you may want to  have a cheat for for these tortillas. You can taste the quality in these fresh corn tortillas. There's a taco bar that's casual and separate from the restaurant area. The taco bar is open late for those late night cravings. I had tried the cauliflower tacos and they were delicious! It was a flavor explosion, vegetarian or not these are so good! Oh and I almost forgot about the yuca tots! But don't take my word for it, go check them out and tell them Whitney  @ Alligator Pear sent you!Excellent. Had tempura Shrimp Tacos and the daily special Indian Flatbread with the most delicious spicy/sweet toppings. Great service. Had great music playing. Open til midnight. Lovely decor. Really pleasant experience.