CAJUN POPCORN! It was the first thing I ate when I landed in New Orleans and it remained one of my favorite things that we are over the weekend. Sounds basic but it was way beyond popcorn sprinkled with cayenne and paprika. 
The ambiance was great for a relaxed night drinking creative and well-made cocktails. The bartender, though initially somewhat removed, offered great suggestions on what to do in the city. 
Definitely worth a stop in!My favorite place to eat in Bywater. Go hungry because you're going to eat a lot and enjoy every bite. The burger is excellent and so is the kale salad.Excellent food and really cool atmosphere. The courtyard is beautiful and cozy and the small bar in the back is a hidden gem.Bone marrow burger old fashioned whiskey sour hot wings all goodA group of five of us had dinner at the bar after Jazzfest and each of us were beyond satisfied with our food and drinks, and the service was amazing. The burger was one of, if not the best, burgers I've ever had and the muddled fruit old fashioned (or two) I had afterward was top notch.What an awesome little place in the bywater. Looks so cool inside and there is a cute patio seating area outside. 
Cajun Hot Spiced Buttered Rum Popcorn - I didn't know something this delicious and unique was possible but it is and you can only get it at Oxalis. 
Frites with two sauces- also excellent. I'm a sucker for fries with aioli. Their burger is one of the best in the cities. And it's not huge but the perfect size, all fresh ingredients.Horrible service- ruined the whole experience. The burger was over cooked. The waitresses were rude and we could hear them talking about us off to the side. They took over 30 minutes to figure out the right checks. The patio was swarming with flies that got all over the food. Since they were a party of six there was a twenty percent tip added which was totally undeserved and very frustrating.We had a really nice dinner here and would definitely return.  My husband was feeling a little off of his game, probably from bingeing on beignets and other yummies while in New Orleans.  So, we didn't get to try everything on the menu that we'd have liked to try.  We arrived around 7:00 on a Saturday without a reservation and were seated with no problem, but the place definitely filled up quickly, so I would likely try to reserve in the future.  The restaurant got pretty loud -- there is no upholstery to speak of to dampen the noise, and the music was blaring.  It's probably a great place to go for a first date because you don't have to worry about talking too much!
We started with the kale salad, beet bruschetta, and Korean wings.  The waitress seemed a little confused that we didn't order more food, but like I said, my husband was feeling off of his game.  The kale salad was probably the best thing that we had in New Orleans all weekend -- so fresh, light, and lovely.  I was a big fan of the beet bruschetta, as well -- though in truth, beets really aren't that easy to eat as a topping on bread, so I ended up taking them off and eating them with a fork and then enjoying the toothsome bread afterward.  My husband loved the Korean wings -- though they were SO messy to eat (at least wet naps were provided)!
We ended with a really lovely brewer's creme brulee, and were satisfied with all of these choices.  I would definitely make a point of going back to try more of the menu!This was our first time here - for a date night - and we really enjoyed it!  The atmosphere is lovely, especially on the patio!  (They have heaters for when it's chilly out.)  Rustic, but also romantic!  Attire is nice casual through dressy, with groups of friends and date nights happening easily in the same space.  Background music at one point was  a little different, but not a big deal; was better later on.  We started with the fried okra, which is done in long strips instead of little circles - delicious!  He had the lamb rib special, and the flavors were fantastic!  He said there wasn't as much meat as he would prefer for an entree, but they also offer a half portion as an appetizer, so maybe that would be better?  Still, flavors were really wonderful!  Hope it becomes a regular menu item!  I had the steak frites, and it was really good!  I'd definitely order it again!  We went to see a show in the neighborhood, then came back for dessert afterwards.  No decaf coffee was a bummer, but ordered the trio to try the different desserts.  The chocolate one and the creme brulee were really great!  The goat cheese cheesecake is good, too, but not what we were in the mood for once we ate it.  We definitely plan to go back again, esp once the weather gets nicer!I really liked Oxalis. I stopped in for a drink and some bites. I was curious about their bo ssam and I'm really glad I tried it.
It is pork belly, rice, and pickles served on butter lettuce. I can't remember if they call these pickles kimchi. Technically they wouldn't be wrong in calling them kimchi because kimchi is actually a quite inclusive term for picked vegetables and there are over 100 kinds of kimchi back home.
But if you are looking for the typical cabbage kimchi in its bright orange glory, these will take you by surprise. These picked are deep red and have a thicker consistency. Spicy and ginger-y. And most importantly, very delicious. They go perfectly with the pork belly and the rice.
I am intrigued by the k wings but the description "kimchi sauce" makes me somewhat hesitant. I may try them one day though, since I'm sure I will be back at Oxalis.Worth the trip! This place had great ambiance, delicious food and drinks for a reasonable price. My husband and I sat in the beautiful court yard for dinner and loved everything. Wonderful service also! Our waiter was very attentive, and everyone was kind and welcoming. The Vegetarian friendly menu!Edison bulbs-- check. Taxidermied animal heads on the walls-- check. Communal dining table--check. The crew here has done a good job turning what was once a dingy barbecue and brunch joint into a cozy, rustic-chic gastropub.
I arrived on a Friday night with two dining companions in tow, completely expecting to be sardined into a packed bar. There was a wait, all right, but we were smoothly conveyed to this sleek little lounge area behind the courtyard. Then came pleasant surprise number two: old-fashioneds for $5! And they were potent and delicious, so much so that I forgot we were waiting for a table and not just getting drunk on black leather couches under boar heads.
We sat at the communal table (where not much communing with other diners happened; in fact none whatsoever-- it seems like the protocol is to ignore the people at your table extra hard, and I am FINE with that) and ordered Cajun hot spiced buttered rum popcorn. SO GOOD. And a cheese plate-- it was a cheese plate. The cheese all were pretty similar in texture. Another round of old fashioneds.
I got the polenta and veggies and my boyfriend got the cauliflower steak. My dish was cooked to perfection and there was a pretty nice assortment of veggies, but it tasted bland. I wished the polenta had been cooked in a more flavorful broth. And at $14 it wasn't cheap.
Overall: I'll come back, but just for drinks and snacks, not an entree. If you're a vegetarian, it's probably better to stick with small bites and booze.Oh my god YUM! I can't stop thinking about the Beet & Goat Cheese Bruschetta... I'm talkin' melt in your mouth good. Everything we had was amazing. I sprung for the French 95 ( a whiskey take on the classic French 75 we all know & love ) and I'd get it again. Even though it's summer in New Orleans and the vapors are quite permeable, we lavished ourselves in delicacies at our courtyard table, and I cannot wait to return.Awesome service and great food.  I had a large group that need a quietish space to have a dinner discussion and when the bar area where we were originally seated proved to be way too loud, the staff was accommodating and flexible and allowed our group to move outside.  One small suggestion is to invest in some additional fans to keep air in the courtyard space moving. Overall, a great experience.Fancier than Booty's, but this spot is fantab. Had drinks here and no food, but everything smelled delicious that went past us sitting on the communal table.
Can't wait to come back to this area and eat dinner.Stumbled into this place after our original restaurant destination in bywater was closed. Happy hour $5 appetizer (a delicious chicken 'paté'...can't recall the name but not made from liver) & a respectable $5 glass of vin blanc. I had the rigatoni with short rib Bolognese--quite delicious. My husband had the burger which he wasn't crazy about (served with some kind of mayo) & lots of well done fries (that he liked) on a brioche. He liked their lemonade. More than adequate portions. Sleek interior with lots of wood. They have an outdoor space but unfortunately the air conditioner motor was very loud. Would definitely recommend.This review is for the burger and old fashioned only. Both are solid, burger was cooked as ordered, service was attentive, but flavors just didn't pop like they should. 3.5 stars.Like it.  Comfy, cozy spot. Decent cocktails. Excellent mussels.  It's more of a drinks and nibbles place than a restaurant. But I'll certainly be back.I just recently had a wedding at Oxalis! It turned out exactly the way I wanted it to . It was cozy, intimate, unique, and beautiful. The staff did a great job! They were attentive and considerate. So many of my guests commented that the food was the best wedding food they had ever had! The staff did a great job accommodating all of my guests (it was a large wedding), and worked with me on all of the details that I wanted to incorporate. I definitely recommend giving Oxalis a try if you're looking for a unique wedding venue.Delicious food! More for a date or a nice dinner. Food was very delicate and tasty. Not too much tough. There was room for a dessert and I chose L'éclair au chocolat. A pleasure for my mouth!!!
The patio was very nice and the people well dressed.We really had a great night here!
This is an old vintage with a new twist hipster vibe restaurant. I am so happy my friend invited us on a double date. 
The service is 5 star and classy. The parking wasn't bad but it was not a high traffic time. I would be weary. ...it's Bywater. 
The food was all red with the exception of this veggie dish I got. It included grits, which was to die!
I did not have any drinks but I heard the cocktails are really amazing. I had tea but wish they had cappuccino.My daughter and I love their burger.  Enough to share and they substituted gorgonzola sauce for cheddar.  Delicious.  Fries are wonderful and the pork pate with pear preserves is delectable.  A nice wine list.  Our server was very good as well.  Also enjoy going there, especially setting on the patio.Delicious food and crafty cocktails in a beautiful setting. Very friendly staff. Has the Bywater vibe without the hipster attitude and pretentiousness.If you want to share a great dining experience amongst friends with good drinks & great food, look no further than Oxalis! Both the atmosphere and cuisine are outstanding. The space is unique and vast; two bars, two outdoor areas, all unique but overall the same great feel. The highlights for me would be the Bo Ssam and American Wings. The cocktails were perfectly crafted and something to be enjoyed. This place is definitely on it's way up, I highly recommend you move it to the too of your list of places to try!!!!Pretty spot with great food and cocktails and a great happy hour!  Beet and goat cheese bruschetta was delicious.The only good thing I have to say is that everything we ordered was amazing. However the service was one of the worst I have ever encountered in this city. I was here with my friends parents and after waiting 20 minutes after we had already finished our appetizers we had to go to the bar to beg our waitress to take our order. She finally came over and after this you think the service would improve but no. Then my friend and I ordered two small plates (kale salad and sweet potato poutine) instead of an entree and they brought out our kale salads first before anything else which was slightly awkward but we dealt with it. Then they brought out the sweet potato poutine and when my friend and I exclaimed how great it smelled the woman who brought it out  (who was not our waitress and I believe the hostess) goes "yeah it's really good but it's horrible for you. It's basically an artery blocker." After she said that my appetite was pretty much ruined. Who says that?????? Even McDonald's workers don't say that when they hand you a Big Mac. It was completely classless and made me not want to eat my meal. No one wants to be reminded of the calories when they are making a splurge on a meal out. Have some common sense. One of the worst parts of this whole fiasco is that our drinks were also taking forever. We were hoping to at least get drunk since our food was taking forever but even that couldn't happen. Eventually our entrees finally came (one by one). We waited for at least ten minutes before the final entree came out. The father we were with who was generous enough to be paying for our meal finally said something to the same woman who made us feel guilty about our poutine. When he complained about how long we were waiting on his wife's dish she said "what do you want me to do, the kitchens slow." Are you kidding me? I am honestly disgusted by this rude service. This woman should be fired and I will not be back. The only redeeming factor is that the food was actually good. However, given the fact that we live in New Orleans and there are plenty of amazing restaurants with excellent service, I see no reason to return here and hope no one else does.I hoped for the best but expected underwhelming pretension and unfortunately the latter is exactly what I got. the pate was an extremely small portion which I am not one to complain about unless I have found better else where (Luke has better tasting pate that is all around better portion wise, presentation wise and price wise. I felt like I was getting ripped off here) the cheese plate had two slivers of three different types of cheese that were average at best. this was how I felt about everything I ate. Not to mention the service was a little too stuffy for their location. three small plates one medium a tiny burger and 3 drinks and 170 dollars later I felt extremely ripped off. considering I could have gotten several drinks at Bellocq or the cure and pate and small plates at Luke or even booty's across the street for much less.Overall, the atmosphere was beautiful, staff friendly, menu and drinks made my mouth water. So perhaps our expectations were a little high.
We shared a cheese plate, korean wings, and being still hungry, a burger and fries. All were great, but the cheese plate was really small compared to what you get at Bacchanal's for instance.
Drinks were a little problematic... 
- The $8 cocktails are advertised "priced for a pauper", but they're tiny. As much liquid as if you ordered a glass of scotch. 
- Speaking of which, my partner asked about whisky and got terrible advice from our waitress, who clearly knew less than us (and we're no experts at all).
So service was pretty bad too...
- I ordered an Old fashioned, and got straight plastic cap whisky instead. The waitress didn't believe me, and told me I was confused because they didn't serve it with an orange peel (what?). I offered her to take a sip to check but she refused. She eventually apologized after confirming the mishap with the bartender, but charged us for an Old Fashioned anyway. (It was date night, I didn't feel in the mood to fuss). 
- The last straw was when another waitress came to change our napkins, and literally threw the clean napkin on my partner's plate WHILE he was cutting his burger. We both stared at each other, then laughed. Seriously?
Anyways, I live in the 'hood so I hope to go back and have a better experience.We stumbled upon the freshly opened Oxalis and, very sadly, only had time for drinks and a cheese plate on their inviting patio. We ordered three cocktails and all were made well and presented nicely. Unfortunately I've drunk so many cocktails on this trip I can't remember all of their names boooo. Final Ward was a standout, though. Moss "paintings," thoughtful lighting, a distressed wood mantle, and very good service all made the atmosphere comfy and hard to leave on an unseasonably warm December night. The cheese plate came with warm bread, candied nuts, tasty berries and a delicious persimmon (I think?) compote. Looking forward to a return trip for dinner and many more cocktails. P.S. The Bywater is looking GREAT yipeeee!My wife and I went to Oxalis last month on June 14th. It was our first wedding anniversary so we got dolled up, found a relative to watch the child free-of-charge and left the house with high expectations of a romantic, perfect night together.
I have to say. I am really glad we went here. The menu was perfect and with enough options so you still feel like an American but without the endless list of items as to where you feel paralyzed with choices. 
The drinks were strong and the service was insanely perfect. We had Eric as a server. He knew how to be attentive without being intrusive. His jokes were funny and his recommendations were knowledgable. Honestly, and this is no bullsh*t - Oxalis is going to be our spot; our date spot. That spot where we can spend as much money as we want and enjoy each other's company. Oxalis is a well lit, sophisticated-without-pretense setting selling perfect, delicious food by people who know what they're doing.Love the place- tasty food and great cocktails! I would recommend they consider adding foam pads to the ledges by the tables with the couches.... Would be more comfortable to lean back and rest your head.Awesome! Food , service and location. Best kept restaurant in New Orleans (Bywater). You will not be disappointed. We ended up meeting  some very nice people ( locals). It has a very friendly atmosphere .   Food was amazing!  They have a very nice covered courtyard too.Went here a month or so ago for dinner with three other people. 
Great little spot--it was a warm evening and it was nice to duck into a little dark place with an almost pub-like atmosphere. 
 The food was great. The standouts to me were the pate plate, the salad with crispy kale, and the cocktails. One friend had the burger and loved it. I can't remember exactly what I had but it was something like duck bacon; I just remember that it was ridiculously good. 
Super delicious cocktails--I had something kindof like a French 75 but with gingery flavor to it--and they weren't a**holes when I ordered something not-whisky. 
I'll definitely go back. Seems like a good restaurant for a semi-romantic dinner: maybe like a 2nd or 3rd date kinda place. 
Check it out. Worth the trip.I stopped in for drinks for my birthday twin in January. I LOVED their menu. And my choice of bourbon + their old fashioned was delish! The bartender was personable and checked back to make sure my drink was too my liking. May I reiterate that their brown liquor list is awesome. I
The only food I tried was their popcorn and, yes, it was really crack-like.
Definitely a space I hope to return to soon and sample some of their yummy eats.Really great spot, friendly staff and outstanding food and drinks. The Brussel Sprouts were amazing... a must try. The menu was small which I liked, some places just over due it with options. Quality over quantity is always a great option.We had a great experience at oxalis. We called to make a reservation just an hour or two before going, and when there was a short wait for our table, we were given seats at the bar, told that the first round of drinks was on the house, and given their delicious popcorn appetizer (also on the house). The drinks were great, and so was the food. We had the raw vegetable salad and the salmon, and both were delicious. I was amazed by the attention and service, and we had great server, Waites. The incredible service that we were provided for a short wait that would have been ignored at any restaurant combined with the great food made for a great experience.A whisky restaurant, you say? Color me intrigued. I had to go check out the restaurant that puts whisky before food (as I am often known to do). Verdict: heavy hipster vibe but I really like it! I love the layout of the place, traveling through several rooms and two bar spaces to get to our table. The table itself felt like we were VIPs in some swanky modern place. The couch type seating made it slightly awkward to eat but was nice to relax with my $5 old fashioned. Swanky, hipsterish, but I can get really tasty fries and a $5 old fashioned. That's a pretty sweet deal in my book. Our table enjoyed both our food and our cocktails. The staff was very friendly overall, if not a little difficult to find at times. We were sitting next to a group of insipid grad school morons but I won't discount the restaurant for the people who choose to patronize it. I'll be back I'm sure. The price point is a little higher than I would normally like but overall it's not that bad. I mean...$5 old fashioneds.Yes, first non five star review.  Service not fab.  Cute, but not fab. The waiter who brought us our cheese & meat didn't even tell us what we they served us.  Especially after the waiter specifically told us it's chef's choice for each service.  The kid dropped it & flew... Well, tried till we had to yelled at him to come back to tell us.  Cauliflower stake dish not fab.  The stake cauliflower is outstanding.   The other two parts to the dish really didn't taste like anything.  Not a great option for veggie/vegans.  The brioche burger bun was super dry.  The patty itself was decently cooked and seasoned.  We sat a good 15 mins before anyone asked to clear our plates... Cocktail selection heavy whiskey & bourbon. If thats what you like, than this is your place.  Neither are mine but the ever typical Avaition was so small I had to order a Stiletto. 
We left to go get dessert at Booty's.The service, ambiance, and character was excellent. Our waitress was very sweet and helpful with the new menu. 
Overall, the food was pretty good. They said they have a new chef and one could tell. Some of the menu is the same, but may taste a little different than before. Different is not necessarily bad. 
The sazerac was not the best, but that's the only issue we had. And the issue did not really affect our experience. Great place- will be back soon!We came for the happy hour. The drinks were great! I had a cherry daiquiri. Yummy! Also got a old-fashioned. It was very strong.
I recommend the cage and popcorn. A nice little snack. Also got the wings. they were spice.  The charcuterie and cheese plates were a little small. Chard salad was tasty.  I would recommend for the drinks!   Old school New Orleans atmosphere.Absolutely delicious! We had dinner in the private dining room, which is absolutely beautiful and has a fireplace in the waiting area. The ambiance is beautiful, warm, and sophisticated. Our server Patrick was attentive and delightful. It was NYE and I had the vegie prix fix, but others at the table had the steak, which they swore was the best they had ever had. Our whole table had the pot de creme for dessert--amazing!!! Thank you for such a memorable night!This is the best new restaurant in the Bywater! Delicious friendly atmosphere and they even remembered us on our second visit and hooked us up with another free glass of Absinthe! Love you guys and welcome to the neighborhood. We will be back over and over!$5 old fashioned. Friendly service. Delicious burger and Korean wings. Will definitely be back to try more drinks off their extensive menu!I like everything about this place. I recommend it to friends all the time. They really need to open the branch area back up. I was told it's only for private parties. If the manager reads this please consider just having the server get drinks from the front bar. It's not a big deal. A lot of times I just want to chill on one of the couches back there. I love the ambiance  in the lounge area. You don't have to have a bartender on duty in the back. I haven't been going lately because they never open that area. Why have a great space like that and not use it.? I had dinner there last night and I was very disappointed when I was told I couldn't go to the back. The food is really good, servers are nice and efficient. JUST BRING BACK THE BRANCH!Aggressive and rude staff.  Unsanitary. 
Brought a group of out of town guests and was embarrassed by the whole experience. The staff was upset to have ten people walk in and try to give them business, stating "What do you expect us to do when ten people walk into your bar?" When paying customers asked for service instead of trying to accommodate, the waitress and bartender argued with my friends. They delivered an appetizer to the wrong table.  When the staff realized that this was delivered to the wrong table, they took it away. The diner touched and ate some of this food.  I couldn't believe it when I saw the staff take this same plate of partially eaten popcorn and put it on a tray with drinks to be delivered to another table. Restaurants make mistakes, but they usually let the diner kept the food or throw it away. I have never seen something like this happen.  The Health Department needs to visit this place, because I do not think that it would approve of serving food in this manner. Although the staff is great at arguing, the staff can't argue with the health department and win.I'll start with pros: excellent bourbon and scotch selection, good cocktails according to those who've had them. Our server was friendly and spoke knowledgeably about the menu. I also liked the decor and ambiance inside, and didn't notice any of the acoustic problems I've heard others complain about (although it wasn't too full when we went). 
The food, unfortunately, wasn't what I hoped. We started with the cheese plate, which was great, but went downhill from there. The mussels were mediocre, done in a coconut milk/turmeric sauce that just felt incomplete, really needed something to act as a foil for the coconut. The gulf fish was done over a very flavorful corn/lima bean succotash, but the fish itself fell flat. Maybe I haven't had enough dishes here to give the kitchen a full evaluation, but based on my first trip, I probably wouldn't go back.
In short, service and drinks were solid, food was pretty good, but not on par with other restaurants at the same price point. For the same money I'm going to Mariza a few blocks away.Love love love this spot.  I always get a $5 old fashioned and Korean wings.  I also love the frites and the aioli sauce that comes with it.  My boyfriend loves the burger - friends have also ordered other things off the menu and they've all been delicious.  I try to go here once a week or at least every other week, it can add up to be a little expensive but it's worth it!  Sit outside in the courtyard if the weather is nice.I heard about this place and finally decided to try it out with my husband. The atmosphere and ambiance is really nice! The two dishes we ordered were the Korean fusion type ones which was a mistake. I like food saltier than most, but the salt level in the mushroom rice on the Bo ssam dish was so overwhelming you could barely taste the mushrooms or anything else. The Korean wings were spicy, but other than that, underwhelming. I've heard good things about their salad and cheese plates, but not sure those factors are enough for me to come back. Service was friendly, although they did have to apologize that the kitchen was backed up.Great restaurant with great ambience and food.  We went on our first night in New Orleans , and our waiter offered some personal suggestions which were very helpful in planning the rest of our trip!Been here twice and overall pretty disappointing. First time was in March for cocktails and dinner on a Saturday night and had a reasonably good time.  Took some visiting friends back last night for dinner and had a significantly worse time.
Seated quickly, which was a plus, but then took ~15 minutes for a waitress to come over and take our drink order, and two more visits after that before she even asked us if we wanted food.  This was a bit strange since the restaurant was maybe 40% full (including outside patio) and it was reasonably late (9:00pm).  Add to this that it took a solid 35-40 minutes for our order to come out and it left a lot to be desired.  In general, I found the staff have a pretty smug attitude and clearly think this place is a lot better than it actually is. 
The food itself was fine, but lots of oil and butter.  The tuna tartare was quite good
Bottom line, this place is average, and you can do a lot better for dinner at other places in Bywater/Marigny.Chef Jonathan Lestingi has parlayed his French training, his experience with his former eatery, and the trendy spirits cocktails and cuisine into a gastropub with equality of food and drink.  Renovations to the former restaurant/BBQ joint to a slick eatery with traditional bar in the front dining room, expansion of courtyard seating by eliminating circular staircase bisecting the area, and really dressing up the courtyard bar with larger eating surfaces and comfortable lounging.
while maintaining his frequent, creative menu options, Jonathan has created four menus: bar snacks; small, medium and large plates  3with desserts. While waiting for our group, we sampled the bar snacks of Japanese trail mix(fried edamame +) along with the hot buttered rum popcorn - a real taste treat. Spicy bloody mary and ginger beer vodka helped wash it down. From the small plates, we had to relive the pate' with homemade mustard and over the top pear butter.
My personal favorite from the medium plate menu was the Cioppino (Italian bouillabaise). Finally, we shared the hanger steak, tender and juicy, with frittes and sauce choices as well as chef's traditional burger.  Exotic cocktails were enjoyed all around, but no one had room for the three great sounding desserts.
BTW: if the food and drinks aren't enough, cast members from American Horror were present and hospitable.  Oxalis offers us uptowners to really leave our safe zones and taste the phenomenal food offerings sprouting up in Marigny/Bywater neighborhoods.Best new Bywater spot in my opinion. Great friendly service. Reasonably priced delicious cocktails and great food! Burgers are juicy and cooked to perfection!Burger with side of bone marrow gets 4 stars.  Service gets one star.  Waited one hour for 5 burgers.  Only Got one burger comped and no make good drinks.  Don't sit at tables served by the waitress with a bush tattoo on the back of her right arm.  Her service was poor.I remember only one thing about my dining experience at Oxalis: the terrible service. Our server was incredibly rude and condescending. She first did not talk to us when we sat down, welcome us, or explain the menus. When I asked what the gulf fish-of-the-day was, she looked at me with disgust. Curious about the polenta & vegetable entree, I asked how the polenta was served. She scoffed at me, "it's polenta." I still know nothing about the polenta entree.
Our entrees came out at different times, staggered over the course of 20 minutes. My food was cold by the time the rest of my party received theirs.
The bill came and I did all the math to split it & make it easy on her. We had one card and the rest cash. I included my tip in the credit card transaction, and when I signed the slip, struck a line through the tip line. SHE CHASED US OUT OF THE RESTAURANT!, insisting we shorted her on the bill (we double checked, it positively added up). 
I was utterly astonished at our awful experience. I will certainly not be returning, and I have nothing good to say about Oxalis.Very laid back with a classy/casual twist. Food was delicious and service was "spot on". Wait was not very long to be seated and food was served fairly quickly. Menu did not have a large selection but was diverse in its choices.  I would definitely return again.My husband and I came here for dinner and we LOVED it! Adorable, intimate atmosphere, great service, and amazing food. My husband ordered fried okra and duck pate (he loved both) and I ordered the salmon.. AMAZING! It was cooked perfectly, and the presentation was beautiful. It was one of the best meals we had during our week in NOLA. Also, my husband ordered an Old Fashioned, and it was only $5.00 for happy hour! He said it was also one of the best he's had. This is a great casual or date night restaurant. We would both highly recommend it! We ate here after a day of swimming at the Country Club. A perfect ending to the day.Awesome food. Cool setting & good service! Would come back again. Burger & short rib rigatoni were amazing!!Four stars for atmosphere, service, and delicious food. The Cajun Spiced Bourbon Popcorn was a yummy appetizer. I ordered the fried chicken and despite a mistake in what pieces I was supposed to get it was hot and delicious. My partner ordered the scallops and despite being slightly above room temperature they were presented beautifully and delicious. For a $28 entree I expected it to be piping hot. She enjoyed it nevertheless but I expected a little more. Maybe I'm just too needy. I will definitely go back for another meal.Oxalis has stepped up their vegan game and they are due for an update! The new (I think it's new, it's been over a year since my last visit) lentil dish is exquisite (vegan tip: it's typically made with butter but they will leave it out if you request). So good, I'm compelled to get this update going.
There have been times back since that first visit several years ago. There have been some hits - they are always willing to veganize their vegetarian dish or make you something special if you request it, and some misses - I had a team dinner here with 10 coworkers and that didn't go very well at all. That was over a year ago, however, and I know that things have changed since then. My overall fond memories of each visit prevailed, and we decided to give it another shot the other night and I'm so so happy that I did! I have a renewed love for Oxalis.
Service was always really nice, if a little absent-minded but the cool chica who was helping us out the other night was pretty much my idea type of server, kept the champers coming, very knowledgable about the menu, all around low-key, there when we needed her but not overbearing even though the dining area was empty b/c we got in super early for dinner because we hadn't eaten all day.
But that lentil dish. Jesus, I can't get it out of my mind! I'm a lover of all things lentil, in fact my favorite thing to eat growing up was macaroni and lentils, so the love is strong and unwavering. The chef has done magical things to the humble legume! It's practically decadent and I don't think I'd typically put a lentil dish in the "decadent" category. Mixed in with lentils is the perfect amount of summer squash and it's topped off with crunchy kale chips. Wow, I'm yearning for this right now!
I need to head back soon and enjoy the perfect patio before it gets hellaciously hot... you feel like you're sitting in an old timey garden and there's the perfect amount of shade and greenery. Love!Strongly recommended.
We stayed in a house in the Bywater on our recent New Orleans trip and loved our dinner/snack at Oxalis.
We had the Korean wings which had incredible flavor -- a truly great (and spicy) sauce. Unfortunately the bo ssam lettuce wraps weren't quite as good (not bad, just not up to the same level).
The Creole parfait for dessert was also delicious, creamy and not too sweet.First visit to Oxalis... Heard great reviews about the spot and decided to go with some family.
Friday night was a bit busy at the cool eclectic restaurant. We were greeted by a very pleasant hostess that told us there would be a little bit of a wait.We didn't have a reservation ,so we didn't mind the 25min wait.
Once seated, we were greeted by our server . We ordered the burgers ,frites, fried okra and wings which were all just GREAT.
Burgers were good & light weight but filling.  Wing sauce was delightful and wings were fried crispy. Fresh cut okra and seasoned fries were awesome as well.
On the other hand our server seemed to have been very busy and pretty much forgot everything we asked for.
Small things ,like a straw ketchup, wing sauce... Took about 15 mins for her to pick our check up from the table.
Overall cool restaurant.Thank you for having multiple vegetarian options!!  
The food and service were amazing.  The atmosphere was great!  We sat on the patio and it was really nice.
They jasmine was blooming outside and it was intoxicating.Best meal we'd had in NO. Creative and delicious food with some great accompanying mixology. The native New Orlineans, the meat eaters and the vegetarians in our group were impressed. Service was friendly and professional. Music was a little loud but fit the atmosphere.One of the best meals I have had ( and I live in NYC). The ambience, wine list and service were great! Pate, beet salad, burger and sweet potato poutine (OMG!) Amazing!Gorgeous New Orleans setting for folks visiting. Drinks were great and food was pretty good. We'd definitely go back!Don't you love it when a place you've been dying to try for ages turns out to be everything you wished?  
Useful to to know:
1) Open 7 days a week!  
2) Whiskey pairings
3) Courtyard dining available!
We had the Korean wings and the short-rib "medium plates" to start.  Delicious and easily divided between 4.  The wings are crazy good...and I'm not much of a wing-woman unless i'm helping my male friends pick up on ladies...or guys too for that matter.  Main courses included the burger and frites (one of the best I've had in town, for sure) the cioppino and the gulf shrimp with maque choux and butter beans.  
And the dessert sampler...sweet Lord in heaven.  Creme brûlée, pumpkin cheesecake, boca negra (chocolate caramel) with pecan ice cream....perfect for my sister's birthday dinner.  I enjoyed all this with a bourbon cocktail with fresh sprig of rosemary.  It's the kind of ambience that makes you forget it's Monday.  The space is gorgeous, the experience very memorable, and I can't wait to drag a willing companion back here to try the rest of the menu.We've had mixed experiences with Oxalis, but decided to give it another try this past Saturday. We were there pretty early and before the rush set in. The service was rocky at first, but the staff realized it and took care of one of my drinks and gave us an aperitif and an apology. (It's amazing how far a little recognition goes!)
The food was wonderful--I had the kale salad and the carrot risotto, and my husband went with tuna tartare and the rib eye. Good food, attentive staff, and an overall great evening!Ok. I have't yelped in a year. But I'm trying to get back into it, and if any place deserves to be the first review upon my return, it's Oxalis.
Now, I'm not one to get all excited about the trendy places that keep popping up in the Bywater. Some are good, some are ok, but few are actually on top of my mind whenever I think about places to go. In a few short weeks of opening, this place caught my eye. Or should I say tongue? Taste buds? ...You get the point.
It has only been open for a few weeks and I have already been there twice. I first went there opening week for a friend's birthday. There were about 10-12 of us and I must admit we can be quite the demanding bunch. We are probably the biggest group of food and drink critics that I know. The service was impeccable, the food was delightful, the drinks were damn near perfect.
The second time I went, I brought a friend of mine there (the very next week). Again, great service, food, and drinks!
The menu consists of about 5 pages of cocktails, whiskeys, and bourbons, and one menu of food. Pretty much the perfect proportion of a menu.
The menu has a little bit of everything, and we tried it all. I hear the burger was good. The frites with two sauces were amazing! There was popcorn and salads and much more that I can't remember right now because mostly, my life was forever changed by the American wings. Smoked chicken wings that are then fried and topped with... well, I don't really know... just lots of goodness. These wings will have you proud to be an American.
As far as cocktails, I tried a few and they were all good, but my favorite was the Acadiana Yacht Club. Can't remember what's in it. But, it was delicious. Also, check out their menus of whiskey and bourbon. A great selection!
The prices for both food and drink were amazing. We all know how those new, trendy places can be. Tiny food for big bucks. But not this place. Even the cheese plates were so much more affordable that other places in the city.
The atmosphere is both romantic and comfortable at the same time. Whatever night you are looking to have, somehow, this place can accommodate it. It's inviting to those who may just want to sit at the bar alone, grab one of the cute tables with a friend or two, or grab the large table for a bigger group of friends.
There's a cute courtyard too that I hope to frequent once it gets a bit warmer.
All in all, Oxalis is my new favorite place. And, if you know me, that says a lot! It leaps miles above that place across the street.Previous Review....(originally posted under Roux Bar..same address.)  
I only had drinks here.  I tried the Maiden Mandala and my friend had the WWTF.  His had a licorice type after taste to it which I didn't like.  Mine was an okay drink.  It was different but it wouldn't be my first choice to order it again.  The waitress was really nice and the reason for the third star because I only was going to give it two.  The ambiance and vibe is really nice.  Not sure if I'll go back again though. 
Update from last night:
This was my second time going here.  The first time, I wasn't too impressed with the drinks.  Completely different experience with the drinks.  My waitress was Caty was awesome with suggesting items and very personable also.  I had the Rosemary cocktail which was wayyyy better than my previous two.  I also got the cheese plate which had 3 cheeses (all very good).  The cow's milk cheese was my favorite.  We were able to sit off in the corner type section which was very nice.  I'll definitely be back again!  Great ambiance for a quiet date night during the week.My excitement upon hearing that a whiskey bar was opening less than five blocks away from my home was only overwhelmed by my fear that I may never be sober again. Oxalis delivered on all my booze hopes and dreams. A cheap old fashioned and several other whiskey laced concoctions will satisfy any whiskey enthusiast. A smattering of other cocktails should keep any whiskey detractor firmly satisfied with their ill-suited life choices.
The food highlight is the appetizer menu, featuring cajun butter rum spiced popcorn and a killer cheese plate, both of which compliment any cocktail. The vegetarian entrees leave a little to be desired and are also on the expensive side. As with many vegetarian entrees which are predominately vegetable based (not prominently including any grain) they are a bit bland. Both dishes are interesting though, and surpass the average vegetable only or salad dish. On the meat side of the menu, a friend of mine ordered the extremely reasonably priced burger and proclaimed it to be one of the best he'd devoured.
My only real disappointment with Oxalis is the lack of hipster backlash at its existence. Located across the street from Bootys and with enough Edison bulbs to gentrify the upper and lower nine the lack of hip sarcastic outrage is truly perplexing.
While this may not be my new dinner spot, it is the spot in the bywater for cocktails and small plates, especially for whiskey enthusiasts. An added bonus, the staff is extremely congenial, knowledgeable and friendly without any hint of snark or pretense.Terrific atmosphere and the food is unique and great as well. Great looking place and craft drinks to boot.For reference, I visited Oxalis on a Friday night for 7pm.
Parking: Oxalis is located in a mixed residential/commercial area so the parking depending on your timing can be a little hard to find. You may have to venture to a side street if arriving after 7pm to this location.
Service: Oxalis was just at the beginning of getting crowded, so if you venture to this location after 7:30 (like most establishments) on a weekend expect to wait for a little bit. The hostess was sweet and very proactive, actually she was more helpful than our waiter. As it got a little more busy our waiter disappeared. The hostess actually checked on us, got us things we needed after long waits as well as after we waited so long for the bill, she went and made everything happen her self and for that I'm thankful they had such an hands-on hostess.
Food: I went with the Oxalis Burger, which was a very tasty burger and  could possibly make it up there in the tops especially for their home-made bacon which just made the burger more flavorful.  The fried that went along with this burger was soooo tasty, I wanted to just sit there and eat them even after I was full. Overall this was a great meal that actually came out timely and as requested.
Drinks: Not often I'm able to order a Pisco Sour at a restaurant, so that made me happy and it was delicious. I could go back there just for that.
Overall this was a good experience especially for a Friday night. Its good location to have a few drinks with food with a few friends as well as a date.Our first dinner in New Orleans, and it did not disappoint. We were seated in the patio area, and our waitress was attentive, and made some fantastic recommendations (particularly the popcorn!)  The seafood also gets two thumbs-up.
Next time we are in New Orleans, we are coming back!Out of all the restaurants in the Bywater Dauphine St. corridor Oxalis is my favorite! 
Beautifully decorated in the prohibition style that's become so popular lately this place is consistently serving good food and is great for first dates or a gathering of friends. 
The bar has a unique selection of signature drinks that appear complicated on the menu but are wonderfully balance once mix and served.
When it comes to the food you can't go wrong with the Korean wings, the cauliflower steak, the Oxalis burger (keep it simple) and the Gulf Fish that is a great union of land and sea.Best happy hour so far.
Price to value ratio unbeatable. 
Highest recommendations in the Bywater.
Delicious frites, salad AU poire, ragu short ribs off the charts yummy.
Good house red...A Rhone.......no less, take a bow..,OXALISGreat new addition to the Bywater, and a lot better vibe and location than the previous Uptown place La Fin du Monde which I understand was the same folks.  At Oxalis expect a slightly crowded, loud space but good drinks, food, and surprisingly friendly service given the hipster vibe.  Lots of cocktail options so go with with what you want, and the wine list is small but decent list of glass pours at a reasonable price point.  As for food, we heard great things about the Bo Ssam pork belly dish but didn't decide to try it ourselves.  In terms of small plates, we got the Sweet Potato Poutine which really wasn't exciting - clearly there's a lot of creative license taken to call this poutine and it was fine but not something I would order again and certainly not something I would call poutine.  As for other items the Kale Salad was quite good and the burger was done very well while a spiced carrot cake for dessert was again not your traditional carrot cake but very good.
Clearly they're trying to do things differently at Oxalis, and it's pretty clear that this place will be a hit.  There are also quite a few vegetarian options across the menu which is nice to see and should be a good fit with neighborhood and updated tastes in NOLA.  I'm definitely a fan, and plan to be back.A few friends and I had dinner here last night. The server was very attentive without being pushy. The pâté was delicious. My burger with marrow was cooked perfectly.  My fiancé had a great cocktail called "Man in a brown jacket" (Don't quote me on that). 
All in all, it was great.Not much to say because most of it has already been said. I can't even recall the names of everything we had but every single thing was delicious. For staters it was the cheese and meat platter which we wiped out without second thought. For our main courses we had the duck and American wings. YUM. The drinks were very tasty I had one of them with Champagne. Oh and I dare not forget about the dessert. Very light but oh SO divine. This place exceeded my expectations on taste and variety. If you're looking for TGIFridays this is NOT your place. Absolutely a foodie's playground. The staff was helpful and friendly and the ambiance was perfect. So far my favorite in all of French Quarters dining.Overall, Oxalis has a gorgeous interior, pretty good cocktails, a really well-curated beer selection and prettyyyyy pretty good eats.
I went for the first time with my #1 boo thang for some arbitrary occasion. As I said, the interior is stunning; dark with framed air plants, luxe-looking leather seating and a damn good-looking bar. I had an Aviation, which was good and he had a Last W[a/o]rd (I learned it as the Last Word but Oxalis has it on the menu as the Last Ward?) The Last Ward was a bit tart, but otherwise good.
We had the coconut curry mussels as an appetizer, as I was still eating an array of bivalves at this time, and they were pretty phenomenal.
Oxalis has a pretty wide array of vegetarian and vegan options given the small size of their overall menu. I ordered the cauliflower "steak" and my partner ordered a burger and fries. The flavors in the cauliflower steak were really good, but the dish came out a bit cold. I think I read in another Yelp review that their dish also came out this way, so perhaps it is the intent of the chef. My boyfriend said the burger was "the best burger [he] has ever had in [his] life." French fries were okayyyy.
Oxalis carries what might be my favorite beer; Unibroue's Maudite. They have a good deal of other interesting beers that I have not seen at many other restaurants or bars in New Orleans. I am not much of a whiskey drinker, but this is the spirit Oxalis specializes in. I can attest to a large selection, but I am not well-versed enough in this spirit to attest to the quality of curation. I'm sure it's good.
The service was good, prompt, but not overly chatty. That's okay, I don't want to talk to anyone either.
We skipped dessert, which in retrospect, is really out of character for us and I am disappointed in my past self.Wow. I was so impressed with this place! I arrived alone and seated myself at the bar and started a lively conversation with the bartender. Had a couple of delicious cocktails and ordered the Scallops Almondine. It was a fantastic meal/experience all the way around. I highly recommend Oxalis if you're staying in the Bywater District. Or if you're not :/