Used to come every weekend for breakfast tacos - they are our favorite in the city. But unfortunately it has become less enjoyable and we have found ourselves going places where the employees are friendly, it truly does make a difference. For example, today we were at the register and just straight up ignored for several minutes, to the point where it got uncomfortable. I'm talking not even a smile or "give me just a minute" or hello. We just stood and waited while the cashier made herself a beverage, joked with the person behind her, organized her stack of post it notes, fixed her hair... when she finally made eye contact she was just like yes? So we were then allowed to order.  This has happened a couple times and I get needing a breather if you've been busy but the place has just kind of lost its appeal for our weekend breakfasts. I don't mind waiting at all and don't even need anyone to be particularly nice! But it is nice to go other places where they're happy to see their customers and pleasant to interact with. The tacos are good though. Some days better than others depending on who makes them - just don't expect anything else!Truly a hidden gem.  My friend introduced me a couple of weeks ago and I've already been back for the BEST coffee and the BEST sausage rolls (green onion sausage) and the BEST chocolate chip oat cookies with chocolate chips that melt inside - so good I can't wait to go back for more.  Also, very friendly service.  The place is kept clean.  There is comfortable outdoor seating to relax and enjoy the delights of Pagoda Cafe.Such a great new neighborhood spot. Very friendly service & locally-sourced ingredients for breakfast and lunch.We got here, we waited in line for 15 min. We ordered, then we waited another 30-45 minutes for our food. This is way too long for food that is basically prepared. The food was good, but the wait was a miserable experience. If you ever see a line, then go somewhere else. I will never be coming back.We were traveling and looking for some local neighborhood flavor. This is a great place to go for a quick bite to eat and some coffee. Try the sausage roll! The staff is delightful, too.Recommended to us by our AirBnB host - this place was perfect for breakfast. There's not much more to say besides amazing, interesting, fresh food, fantastic coffee and awesome environment. I highly recommend the toast with ricotta, figs, walnuts! Make sure you also add bacon :)This hidden gem is fantastic. On a nice day it's the perfect spot to grab lunch with friends. I had the curry chicken salad and it was a great combination of flavors. Also, Pagoda is very vegetarian and gluten free friendly. There's something for everyone to eat.I really enjoy the food here. It's fresh, healthy and delicious. And it's fun to sit outside. My only complaint is they should recycle all the plastic they use. For a place so hip, it doesn't make any sense not to.Good food but can't run a busy operation like this: took an hour for two items that just needed to be heated up.
Try going early and during non-peak times.ABSOLUTELY, WITHOUT RESERVATION, UNLIKE ANY NEIGHBORHOOD KITCHEN IN COLUMBUS....PAGODA DESERVES RADICAL ACCLAIM.
The lines are consistent, constant, eclectic and communal and this alone should indicate the respect, admiration and desire to support this creative entrepreneurial venture.
FOOD, GLORIOUS FOOD...I found the identifying assistance with GLUTEN FREE and BEGAN to be extremely valuable.  PRESENTATION....it's there.
TASTE, QUALITY, PORTIONS, PRICING, CONSISTENCY ARE ABOVE REPROACH.
I was visiting NOLA living in a TREME AirBnB so a great walk to PAGODA served me well.   Another couple staying where I was recommended my first visit...appreciated.  I went back again to double check myself on the awesome experience the first time.
My first visit I had to have things explained to me and she didn't flinch.   I used the phrase 'your kitchen' while there and I wanted to experience the excitement I observed all around.
STAFF...creative, presented themselves artistically which was welcoming, professional, cared about the visitor and food...you know food is an artistic medium.
I know of nothing like PAGODA in Columbus....sou my experience with Pagoda meant a lot to me.
Savor and celebrate each visit...fresh, in house crafted, respectfully executed soups, sweets, savory meals.
THANK YOU SHOUT OUT to the PAGODA CAFE crew for allowing me to be a guest at your kitchen table.Love this place! Had a kale/chickpea/feta turnover and a Grow Dat farm-fresh salad. Everything was so good and the staff was friendly. Can't wait to go back & try the bahn mi. Very vegan/vegetarian friendly. (only drawback was the Costco brand coconut water which has a weird aftertaste, a different brand would be great!) Keep up the good work!Pagoda, I miss you every day :( I just moved to Los Angeles from New Orleans, and I must say....not having Pagoda around is HARD. From coffee to breakfast tacos, to funky, fresh eats...this place has got it going on. They just get it. The vibe, the outdoor seating...it's always such a good experience. I can't wait to get back to NOLA and visit. Keep it up!This cafe was awesome!  I went to New Orleans for a few days and had breakfast here one morning!  Pagoda Cafe has a very delicious and eclectic menu! I ordered the homemade granola and egg cups with avocado cheese spread!  I loved it!  The outdoor seating is also lovely and relaxed!  I would definitely recommend this place.Cute spot just steps off Esplanade Avenue, an easy choice for breakfast since we were staying just 3 blocks away. It was a beautiful morning, perfect for sitting outside. We stepped up to the counter, ordered our food, and took seats at the railing facing Bayou Road.
Two of us ordered the smoked salmon toast, 3 baguette slices laden with salmon/cream cheese spread, red onions, and capers-delicious! I tried a bite of Yelper Daughter's sausage roll and wished I'd splurged on one of those too. Our third ordered breakfast tacos, which took awhile, but were huge and smelled heavenly. For such a small place, they have a huge choice of beverages, from coffee and tea drinks to juice, smoothies, and such. I can only vouch for the black coffee, but wherever they source it, it's good!Very cute little spot to grab coffee and breakfast. Love the ambiance ... you can come with a group or alone. The coffee is super good and they have almond and coconut milk which is a plus for me. The breakfast tacos are really good and for you non flour eaters they will put it in a bowl for you instead. My only gripe is the menu is limited. They have some pastries and a couple of salads but not a lot of breakfast options. I did thoroughly enjoy the chia pudding and the soaked oatsGreat cold brew coffee.  The sausage roll was a buttery, flaky croissant and a subtly spiced sausage. Really nice outdoor space.Super cute! All outdoor seating. They just opened yesterday and were so sweet. Great corner under the trees off bayou road. Lovely.An uber hipster joint with overpriced small portions along with long lines and a menu that just doesn't float my boat.  The Pagoda space is pretty groovy and the all outdoor seating area is nice at certain times of the year but other than the aesthetics of the space there isn't much that works for me here.  Much of the crowd seems to be tourists and a lot of recent transplants to the city that definitely ain't from NOLA.  They do cater to Vegans and other special diet needs (other than the diet needs of folks that love traditional NOLA Creole food).  I hate breakfast tacos (which I gained great exposure to during my Austin, TX exile) and that is one of their big things here and then their sandwiches just don't offer much size or flavor to my preference.  Their baked goods are probably their strongest point and might be the best thing to focus on as they have some unique flavors but the long slow line and long slow wait for the food just makes it not at all worth the experience for me as there are just far too many other nearby choices offering much better food in the area that are easier, tastier and faster to eat at along with giving much better service with better VALUE.  
Overall this place might totally float your boat but it doesn't work for me so I've got no reason to return so if you are a surly hipster you will likely love this place but most other folks will likely find other spots far more enjoyable.I love the breakfast tacos!  And the guava cream cheese pastries.  And the kale turnovers.  And the mushroom and sweet potato turnovers.  And the coffee.  And the ginger tonic.  
Great service, outdoor seating, delicious food and drinks.Believe the hype! Delicious food, great coffee, super-friendly staff, and the best outdoor seating situation I've found in NOLA. A relaxed, adorable place to sit and read or do computer work.Love this place!  Excellent atmosphere and really good food.  The banana nutella bread is absolutely amazing!Great find. I was hesitant to order breakfast tacos because I'm from Texas but these were absolutely what the doctor ordered. I'm going to try to make it back if I'm ever in town again. Friendly and bright atmosphere with delicious food, you just can't go wrong with that.Scrumptious breakfast! No need to say anymore as everything was delicious. If you are looking to get out of the crazy loud and busy city this is a nice spot!Very cool little café! A bit busy on a late Saturday morning, but at least once you place your order you can sit wherever you want. The breakfast tacos are brilliant! Nice little area location as well.Delightful ambiance & outdoor seating. Incredible food (sausage roll and rum cake especially). Great coffee. Nice staff. Impressive values on justice & love (as their resistance and statement against hate). They also have a rack of newspapers.This is a fun corner coffee/breakfast spot in Midcity NOLA. Unique foods and great coffee drinks. A little more than I typically spend for breakfast but overall a great start to the day. Great seating options too.I can't say enough good things about this place! I have been here multiple times and have always had excellent food, drinks, and service. 
The curried chicken salad sandwich, with a hibiscus iced tea, and a slice of rum cake is my go-to. You can tell that all of the ingredients are really fresh - all of the veggies are from Grow Dat and the bread is also local and delicious. The rum cake is like no other cake I've eaten. You can't leave this place without getting a slice - at least one....and maybe another one to go.  It's super rich and moist and all around heavenly.  Sometimes I go just for the cake.
It has really chill atmosphere with all outdoor seating at a nice little spot on Bayou Road.  Even with the summer heat, they have misting fans out to keep it cool and enjoyable.I adore Pagoda Cafe. It's a charming little cafe with scrumptious food and quality drinks. Dan got it right.Nice little spot. Would be a five but had limited breakfast varieties. Everything that we are was delicious and fresh. Would come again. Nice outdoor patio and sun and shade.A must In Treme. When you decide to get out of the smelly, touristy quarter get to Treme and Pagoda. This is a hipster paradise and maybe those from the area don't like what's happening here but it's a find. Right in the middle of a neighborhood triangle. You could sit here all day and people watch. enjoy fresh made, healthy breakfast items, wonderful toasted bread, fresh veggies.  Definitely have a coffee drink or drink. Probably one of the few places in NOLA with gluten free options for those that roll that way. Would love to come again.Great food, made by the greatest people. Try the ricotta and fig toast. It's a hearty snack that you'll be hard pressed to not order every time.We loved it! Good breakfast tacos, love the nod to Houston institution Villa Arcos with their salsa. Sausage rolls were delicioso while driving back to H-Town. But the Mango Lassi was my fave!This little jewel is a place you must visit while in the area. Wonderful dishes and beautiful surroundings. Make this a must try on your list of places to try!Great coffee and breakfast on the cheap, breakfast tacos and Bahn mi solid and flavorful. Excellent bread from a local bakery, $2 bottomless coffeeFig toasts are out of this world. No joke. The atmosphere is super hip, the staff is extremely friendly, and there's cool things to see around the area.Perfect breakfast spot to sit outdoors and start your day! Local neighborhood. Easy to bike to.Very interesting place. There's no inside seating. But their breakfast taco was realllyyy good. I don't recommend their iced coffee though, not that good. Their rum cake is also really good!I am a process engineer and the operations were extremely inefficient. The wait was unbearably long. The food is over priced and prepared by staff that is not properly trained in food preparation. On a lighter note, the cookies were good.Great breakfast tacos, watch out the green sauce is spicy! Very reasonably priced with strong cold brew coffee. Two thumbs up!Good food, amazing ambiance. There was a nice according playing music. I got the fig toast, definitely should have gotten bacon on it, but it was still alright. I wish it had a bit more flavor, it was kind of plain, but over all good experience.4/5 bfast tacos
i mean, really. can we get breakfast tacos on every menu? like this is what i would order ALL THE TIME. they can even be mediocre, i would still likely order them.
with that said, i'm quite pleased with pagoda's breakfast taco offering. they are much better than mediocre. every time i'm surprised when i bite into the bean portion, chuckle to myself that i've forgotten again, and then throw on the green sauce and then chuckle to myself that i've also forgotten that the green sauce has a kick. so you know, use at will. and the coffee is so yummy! i really enjoy when my day brings me up this way, and i can take a seat along that bar out front and just tacos and chill...which is eating, if that wasn't clear. 
the other stuff is yummy too, you can obvz tell folks are hard at work behind the bar making all the goodies happen. and the loveliest of people roll through here, almost always run into a friendly face.Yum.
Fresh ingredients, clean place, great staff.
I was thrilled to get a decaf coffee and use real vanilla syrup to flavor it. My friend got an iced regular and loved it. Our food was just as good - I got the ham and brie and wish I could put that apricot rosemary jam on everything for the rest of time. I also wish I could have tried it with the French bread but they were out, so they replaced it with ciabatta. My friend had a sandwich with fried lemongrass tofu that was so good, she came back two days later to get it again.
If you're in the 7th ward, don't miss this one.Cool, neighborhood setting.  All seating is outside.  Menu is limited, but tasty and vegetarian friendly.Adorable outdoor cafe
Good food but small portions
Make Sure to order more than one thing if you're hungry
Good coffee tooVery nice breakfast. Very friendly. We enjoyed this cafe with my girlfriend. I highly recommend !A couple of guys and I were visiting Jazz Fest for the day and stopped by a local cafe to grab lunch.
The cafe's setting was an indoor kitchen and outdoor patio atmosphere. When we arrived there was a line with manageable waiting time. The menu was easy to follow and the clerk was very friendly. There was minimal wait time in receiving our meal and once we got our food the food was very delicious. I got the breakfast tacos and was amazed on the fresh flavors. 
The overall experience was hospitable and worth trying!This is such a lovely place. Very laid back, the staff are so nice and the food is delicious! I love that it's an outdoor seating area and the breakfast and lunh are more than yummy and filling!Pagoda Cafe was recommended as a local neighborhood spot for breakfast and my husband and I gave it a shot! Near the horse tracks (the area we were staying) we could walk there and take in the sights of the neighborhood. In a historic building that used to be a Chinese laundry, Pagoda provides fresh baked goods sourcing local ingredients that are sure to suite all palettes and dietary needs. Corn tortillas for the breakfast were such a great GF option for me (and they state on their menu that you can inquire about more GF options). I hated passing up the sausage roll and rum cake, but got the mango coconut chia pudding instead to satisfy my craving for something sweet. The pudding was thick and creamy and the mango was almost gelled on top- a tangy counterpart to the smooth creaminess of the pudding. 
The breakfast tacos were great- loved the exceptionally spicy salsa they were served with. There was a line- but it moves quick!I'm kind of obsessed with this place. It is like a little piece of the west coast right here in New Orleans! Living in midcity, it's just a few blocks by bike and I feel like I'm in California (but in a good way) or Seattle (with more sun). I've only ever ordered their breakfast tacos - I've nibbled on the more organic/crunchy items that my friends have ordered and haven't loved them, as I look way more granola/hippie than I actually am inside. BUT! Pagoda still gets 5 stars because the breakfast tacos (with bacon!) are perfect, their hot sauce is one of a kind, their iced coffee made me like iced coffee, I love their outdoor seating, there are always people lingering with their dogs and books, and the great little square (technically triangle?) it sits on Bayou Rd is perfect for locking up your bike and people watching for an hour or two. If I ever want to treat myself or start a day off right, I come here.So, so happy to have the Pagoda Cafe in the neighborhood. Beautiful renovation of one of the most unique buildings in the 7th ward, with lots and lots of gorgeous outdoor seating. The breakfast tacos are to die for. Coffee from French Truck, lovingly prepared. Has the vibe of a laid-back (and very friendly) block party.I'm not local but this place is all local that you need for breakfast:)) 
Simple and delicious friendly staff and awesome people around 
Outdoor seating and locals everywhere to have a great conversation 
I give 4* just cuz the small menu but other than that is great place to grab and go or seat and stayStumbled on the place due to its proximity to our rental house. It's a cute little house wish some amazing breakfast options.  The breakfast tacos are massive, one is plenty for me, two is good for bigger eaters.  Great flavors thanks to the beans I think.
Loved their iced coffee - they offer some interesting syrups like cardamom! The home made banana nuetella bread was excellent and I also enjoyed their homemade granola.  We ate breakfast here every day of our trip!Great quaint place for breakfast and casual outside dining. The atmosphere is familial. The breakfast tacos are so good especially with the green salsa with a tasty kick. Coffee , pastries are yummy.Awesome salad and sweet spot! The staff was friendly. This is a great place to stop for lunch between the Degas House and New Orleans Museum of Art.Super cute little cafe. Nice & shady & a great destination for a bike ride. Mostly a breakfast/ lunch spot, so go early in the day! I recommend the egg cups!Lovely, inviting with first-class espresso, wonderful homemade treats and great lunch items. It doesn't hurt that the folks running it are some of my favorite people in town, but even if they weren't, I'd stop here for food and coffee for the chance to sit outside among the oaks and neighborhood of Bayou Road/Dorgenois and to feel the community already apparent inside.Cute coffee shop. We were in NO for the weekend, and stopped by here due to proximity. It turned out to be a great find. It's a bit hipsterish but the place has great coffee, food and service. I highly recommend.Not gonna lie, I dragged my friend here because I saw Sausage Rolls on the menu. Always on the lookout, since its hard to find places outside the UK that sell them.
The wait wasn't too bad,  maybe 10 minutes max. And since we only got baked goods and coffee, we got our orders ASAP. It's all outdoor seating, but in a quiet area of town. 
The sausage roll was spot on: pastry was flakey, and the sausage was fatty and flavourful. I also got the Guava cheese puff, I normally don't do guava, but this was amazing. Also really freaking delicious.
The iced coffee was nice and bitter. Plus they have all the different milks one can need. And they had legit vanilla syrup, so that was quite cool. Highly recommend this place!I am officially a fan.
Have you ever been to Portland, Oregon? Did you like it? Do you miss it? 
This. is. your. place.
I had a fantastic banh mi with beets and egg. My partner had a delicious pork sandwich. 
Bikes, hippies, vegetarians, one obnoxious dude on cell phone being pretentious about food, etc.....PORTLANDExcellent coffee and pastries! We went twice and would've gone every morning if we discovered it sooner!We loved this place. Very quick and friendly service. Comfy and quiet outdoor seating available. I had the "toast" special the first morning (which is a thick piece of delicious bread, toasted and topped with something different every day) - I was a little hesitant to order the hummus and cauliflower topping, but it was yummy. The second day I had a breakfast taco and a piece of homemade banana Nutella swirl bread to satisfy my sweet tooth. If you are eating at the location, they give you a mug for coffee instead of a disposable cup and you can refill as much as you want. I appreciate their concern about recycling and avoiding waste.OMG, I LOVE THIS PLACE! The owners and staff are so down to earth and sweeter than freshly baked warm pies! 
The food is amazing, muffins, sandwiches, soups, all of it! 
The iced coffee is soooooo good, no acidity, smooth as can get! The espresso is ground, tamped and pulled to perfection! 
I love the outdoor seating and community environment bubbling up in my neighborhood!
So so so thankful for the Pagoda Cafe!
see ya there!This place has delicious vegetarian options and a great cup of coffee in a very cool, historic building. Love the cafe and the neighborhood!Right around the corner from my house, and perfect for getting a Cuban sandwich and iced coffee in the morning! They're always adding to the menu and I love it more and more each time I return.Our fav breakfast spot in New Orleans! The breakfast burritos are incredible, as are the scones and lemon curd. Actually, everything I've ever had here has been amazing, it's all made from scratch. They even make a pudding with chia seeds and mango puree that is delicious (and I'm not usually that adventurous). Plus, the atmosphere is absolutely zen. There are outdoor tables, an outdoor counter (if you are alone or 2 people), and some picnic tables. This place has a really great vibe.We got the mushroom turnover, sausage roll, guava turnover, banana Nutella bread and egg cup. The sausage roll and guava turnover were great. The other items were decent. It's a chill bakery type of place, not too fancy.We walked here from our Airbnb and were so glad that our hosts recommended it. The hubs and I split a breakfast taco, which was average, and some kind of vegan mushroom pastry that was clearly the star of the show. I wish we'd gotten two. We're becoming somewhat picky about good coffee and Pagoda definitely delivered there. The patio is nice (was packed!) and there was a musician setting up as we were leaving. While waiting in line, the sign on the door stating that ALL types of folks are welcome at Pagoda caught my eye. . . and made me love the place even more. Anytime a friend tells me they will be visiting NOLA, I tell them to hit Pagoda for breakfast/lunch/snack and make it part of a walk up Esplanade, to the cemetery and onto city park.I thought the breakfast tacos were ok. To wait 30 minutes  for two and get them luke warm was very disappointing. I wanted to like this place but I wouldn't go back or recommendyes, it's the best we've got and I tie it with hi volt for my favourite in the city. great food/healthyish snacks and really good coffee (nice clean bathroom too! super important). I loved it during jazz fest when they we're open until 7 but totally respect their 4pm closing. the staff are friendly and seem to get along and it's a gorgeous place to sit out in the shade and compose badly written reviews for yelp so, viva the pagoda, I'm here all summer.Everything about this place says "we care" and it carries to the patrons who are equally friendly and courteous. 
It's hard to pick standouts since everything I tried on three visits was deliciously prepared and carefully executed.Good, friendly service. Had their peach Brown sugar muffin, pretty good. Awesome iced mocha. A little pricey for the size, though.Such a great breakfast spot, the Australian sausage and coffee are awesome!Found this place through all the fantastic Yelp reviews, figured I'd add another voice to the choir. Pagoda Cafe is wonderful. Great music playing, friendly staff, and most importantly, delicious breakfast.
I had a breakfast taco with bacon, and a piece of banana nutella bread. Yep, it's as delicious as it sounds. Go there already!!If the weather is nice, this is a great spot for breakfast or lunch. Healthy options all around plus a nice assortment of teas and coffee. Indian banh mi and curried chix salad sandwiches were really fresh and tasty.Tried this place today not knowing what to expect! I visited based on reviews from the Yelping Community... Boy oh boy was I in for a pleasant surprise!  The place is SUPER SUPER BUSY.  There was a constant stream of people in and out.. 
The staff is absolutely AMAZING!! The place is tucked into the humble community... A quiet gem with loads of hidden treasures... The menu is simple which is appreciated!  All of the seating was outside which is a bit challenging but once you convince yourself that sitting outside in New Orleans on a hot spring day settles within you there is a sense of humility that comes with dining outside.
The food is fresh... I mean fresh!  I had the turkey sandwich with Swiss, a ginger tonic and shared a sausage roll with a friend.  We thought that it was going to be a simple portion but we were in for a surprise.  We had a heaping portion which was enough to bring home!  The breads were nice and fresh almost like it had just came out of the oven.  It was magnificent!  I am a better person because of this place and the simplicity of the menu!  You should try it!  It was a beautiful experience!What an adorable and awesome little cafe. Our friends took us to Pagoda today for a late breakfast and it was so fun. We ordered some toasts, some rolls, Nutella Banana bread, and iced coffees. There was a long line ahead and behind us, but the food came out in about the time we expected - totally fine. 
It's all outdoor seating but there are some shaded spots for the sun-sensitive. Dogs are welcome but must be kept on leash and must stay outside the main ordering area.Very limited summer menu. Nothing special. I'm sure their full menu is bangarang but I didn't get to experience it...Super fresh food! High quality ingredients. I felt so healthy eating clean food. Good vibe. Out door seating. Try the mango lassi!Visited this place a couple months ago with friends for lunch and decided to try it again this morning for breakfast. Delicious pastries, everything is made from scratch and taste very fresh. Had the berry vanilla almond muffin which was pretty darn good. Their rum cake also rocks. We had two slices with a table of seven and I think we devoured it in under a minute. Wish I could get my hands on that recipe...The sandwiches are also tasty. Love how chill and laid back everyone is that works there and the patio seating is so nice for a nice summer lunch. Only reason I'm giving it 4 stars is because I don't like the fact the pastries are left uncovered on the counter. Ugh.This is the best breakfast place. Really. I had had a bad week with my kitty of 11 years having to go to the emergency vet and needing lots of medications as well as all the other stuff in life. Anyway, breakfast at Pagoda Cafe made me feel a lot better! 
The first time, I had the breakfast taco. It was really tasty. The second time, I had the egg cup and had to go back for another one. So yummy! Also, the atmosphere was very chill and the employees were all great on both visits.  The seating is all outside, which was great with that less-humid front we had this weekend. It was a great spot to eat my breakfast, drink my iced coffee, and enjoy a sunny morning before the heat sets in.