Let me say that I love to eat out and try new places but this was the worst yet! First it was difficult to park and we paid over 30.00 to park in a ground lot near the restaurant. I never mind price if the experience and food are good. However this far from good..it was horrible. The floor in the restaurant is tilted and felt like we were sliding toward the wall. The place is loud and not comfortable. Such an acclaimed place and drinks were poor at best. When asked about simple syrup or bar sweetener they said they did not have any. Then we asked for orange juice to help the drink out and they told us they had no orange juice? Strange for a bar to not have such mainstays. The small plates or appetizer sounded interesting. That's not quite what I'd call them. The tuna was underwhelming and very small. The crawfish dish was the best of the 4 we ordered. The rest were strange and had numerous spices that clashed. Then we order dinner plates. The barbecued shrimp and grits was the best of the lot. The fish tasted spiked and the steak was over cooked. Sorry to report the dessert did not redeem the meal. It was good but not great. We had cheesecake, the pie and chocolate bar. The bathroom was limited as well to one while we were there... one wasn't working. The server tried very hard and couldn't have been nicer. But the service was so slow and took 2.5 hours to finish (and we returned two of the meals). To insult to injury, they asked us to move to the bar because they needed the table for the next guests. Restaurant 101 was violated and never would I have dreamed to ask that of the patrons to move while paying the bill and using the bathroom... much less after a terrible experience. If I could give a negative number for the review I would have. But I won't be back and can find many better places to spend over 100.00.We finally ate there. Small but fascinating menu, with complex layering of flavors. We sat at the table at open kitchen, and were able to view the chef expediting and plating. He is fastidious and creative. Every dish was amazing, but in particular the duck mole was tops.We had a great dinner at Palm&Pine as our final meal before heading home. We got to sit a the "bar' fronting the kitchen area, so had the pleasure of watching all the food being prepared. Every dish was excellent, from the Crab Claw Cocktail, with an array of flavors (and a well-paired Blanc de Malbec) to the Oaxacan (duck) Mole (with a nice Tempranillo). The Cane Sugar (chess) Pie with lemon ice cream was incredible. Nothing but great meals during out visit, but this was the topper.Awesome new place. Had the goat curry and it was fantastic. They also have some creative cocktails on the menu.The food was really good and the service was attentive. The kitchen was backed up and they brought us an appetizer even though we had not complained. The only negative is that the choices were limited. The only meat was pork and the only fish was mackerel which is oily and strong
 I think they change their menu regularly and I will definitely try againEating all over Nola I consulted the Best New list around town and chose Palm & Pine. As a traveling foodie, this was easily the best meal I've had in a year around the nation. Flavor, amazing combinations of spice, protein, vegetables combined with sauces you could not imagine. I started with the 2 of cups Jalepeno spirit with the goat curry app. Followed by the oaxacan duck mole with a Peking duck tamale. The house blessed us with their signature brussel sprouts and some of their amazing sorbet. My colleague had the turkey neck gumbo and the Texas bbq shrimp. The service was patient and recommended wisely and the chef/owner came over to advise on other Nola food joints to visit. First class all the way around. Bravo.Great discovery! This new restaurant will be a local favorite for many. The Crudo is amazing, light, very flavorful, fresh with complex flavors (we had two of them). The goat curry was fantastic, super flavorful. Brussels Sprouts with honey were delicious. The fish with mushrooms was light, delicious and unique. Pork chops were thick juicy. For dessert the maple sugar pie was extraordinary. The mock cocktails are a must for any non drinker. Wines were very good (Nice Malbec).This is a really cute clean little restaurant. Lots of influence from Central and South America in terms of the bebidas offered, a Peruvian Rosé by the glass! For starts, I ordered the butter bean cavatelli, my first time trying husk cherries. A very nice dish. Then I had the redfish. Super enjoyable. Lots of obscure spirits and liqueurs behind the bar. The menu reads well and there are many items I look forward to returning for..My husband had been to their pop-up a while back and loved their food so we were so excited when Palm and Pine opened their restaurant. The menu is creative and the flavors are delicious! We got thee fried livers, goat curry and duck entree. Everything was amazing. We also got the brussel sprouts, compliments of the chef. Overall a great meal and would highly recommend.Great dinner last night at Palm&Pine! First time trying it out and the Wagyu Beef, Brussel sprouts & Fried liver were outstanding. Nice to see the owners working in the kitchen, felt like a family owned restaurant! Will definitely be back!We had an exceptional experience at Palm and Pine. We had orchestra plans nearby so picked it from a Gambit review. We were not disappointed! The atmosphere is welcoming and charming. Great use of the space, and BONUS, there's tons of parking nearby. The staff are all friendly and knowledgeable about their menu. Craft cocktails are inventive but just familiar enough to be brave and try something. The menu is adventurous. We loved the tuna crudo and crab claws, which were in a delightful sauce. Entrees were equally as fabulous. We had duck mole and cobia with collards in a Caribbean preparation that melded coconut milk, plantains and seasoning perfectly. Off to the symphony and evening out, we dropped back by at the end of the night for dessert and coffee. The cane syrup pie was divine. The crust was spectacular, as was the filling. Beyond that though were the toppings. It had a melting scoop of lemon custard ice cream and a muscadine syrup that elevated an already impressive dish. The chocolate banana flan was rich and smooth, more like mousse. Both desserts were perfect with the exceptional French press coffee. We will absolutely be back!Well, tonight we came to this place after a recommendation of a nice gentleman who owns an art
Galley in town, so i took his advice, especially since it's a new restaurant so I like to give new places a chance. First off, the food was good. Not blow you away good bit still good. The service on the other hand left much to be desired. Our server started the evening being very cold and to say it got better, would be a blatant lie. We went from cold to frigid. Maybe it was the the fact that we had six people and she has a guaranteed 20% tip so she just ignored us, but nonetheless, I can't recommend this place to someone from out of town. Maybe they just like locals, and in New Orleans, good luck.Ask anyone and they will tell you I'm a bit of a "food snob". Palm and Pine is easily one of my favorite restaurants ever! The goat curry is life changing, and you must try the butter beans. Each dish incorporates exciting flavors and textures. Whats even more impressive is that my takeout orders during the stay at home orders have been just as great as my dine-in experience. Keep up the great work!What an amazing dining experience. Over a short weekend visit to NOLA I dined there both nights. Everything we ate was delicious and so complex in it's layering of flavors and textures. NOT TO BE MISSED: the Brussel Sprouts with mint, peanuts & sweet pepper vinaigrette, the Fried Chicken Livers w/Satsuma preserves & foie gras butter, the Butter Beans (lima bean cavatelli, speckled butter beans, dried tomatoes & bread crumbs) & the Stuffed Delicate Squash (apple chorizo chilaquelles with grilled paella cheese & homemade flour tortillas). A to die to for cocktail, again NOT TO BE MISSED is the 2 of Cups (Cinnamon Tequila, Jalapeño, Guanabana & Sparkling Wine. If I lived in NOLA this would be my go to dining choice for sure.Read a nice review, so we tried it out.  
The best item we tried was the peanut salad.  Great mélange of flavours.  The duck mole was delicious..very tender duck.  Unfortunately, the slices of duck were room temperature, although the corn meal accompanying it was nice and hot. 
Similarly, the creamed greens accompanying the hanger steak were piping hot, but the steak was just warm.  Must be a coordination issue they had in the kitchen that night.
Great flavours; the sugar pie and ice cream were certainly worth the calories, and the service could hardly have been better.  
Will give it another try.I am almost ready to give Palm and Pine five starts but I believe it has a few growing pains.  On the positive side, there was the food itself.  I ordered the duck mole and was impressed with the mole sauce which seemed to work well with the duck.  I wish the duck skin had been slightly more crispy, but that may be a personal preference.  The wine offered paired well, but I was not a fan of the standard glasses used for the wine.  The restaurant design is quite open and the restaurant feels welcoming.
Of the growing pains, the kitchen had a little hiccup getting my duck done timely.  I was early so they may just not have been ready.  The manager provided a crab appetizer while I waited which was a nice touch and appreciated.  It was also good. 
Given the excitement and buzz  of this new restaurant I was disappointed that the bartender/server appeared less than enthusiastic to be there - and that was a detractor.  If the server staff appear enthusiastic, it contributes to the overall ambiance.  However, overall my meal was very good.This is an absolutely amazing newer restaurant in a town full of wonderful eateries.
However Chefs Jordan and Amary navigate the kitchen as with the expertise of  the Bolshoi Ballet. The interior is new and bright,exceptionally clean and open. I mention this because so manny of NOLA's top kitchens are hidden and there can sadly be a hint of less than  A quality cleanliness. Not at Palm and Pine .
This innovative restaurant continues to produce excellent and creative plates. The Chanterelles with jalapeños and figs,BlisteredShishitos,Charred eggplant.
The cuisine dances between Louisiana,to Mexico to the Caribbean masterfully. 
I met part owner Andy there one  eve and he exuded the menu profusely. This is the modern  type restaurant that will continue to explode  NOLA's new food frontier..I had high expectations after positive feedback from friends who dined @ P&P. Place was less than one-quarter full on a Thursday which is not a good sign for the long-term prospects of a restaurant located in the French Quarter. The bottom line here while the food is good to very good here the portions are very small while the prices are extremely high. We had three appetizers, three speciality cocktails, one entree, split one desert and the bill was over $150. Conveniently they automatically add 20% gratuity whether the service is good or bad which was the latter as the waitress rushed us thru the meal though the place was basically empty @ 730 PM. Dining room was very dark but noise with so few customers was not a problem. Hostess was lovely but many better options in the French Quarter to dine especially at these pricesWhat a hidden gem
There last eve!
Had 1 of the best dinners EVER in nawlins
Don't miss the habanadas!! Great peppers little heat
Duck mole OUTSTANDING! 
Gf had the crispy pig ear lettuce wraps! Wow
Jason at the bar! Trust him!!!
Larry jaffe & Cathy Kiley 
Dayton Ohio FOODIESI can't wait to come back! The food, cocktails and service was top rate! Thank you for a great night!what a refreshing new place to discover.     We ordered so many things here, but lets talk about the duck tamal and mole chimichurra.      Lets get into that wagyu tri tip, and lets also talk about the curry banana icecream.    I'm going back later today because they serve up vietnamese crawfish with lemongrass butter.    We sat outside on the sidewalk, had many dranks, ordered so many things.   
fried brussels, corner store crudo, we had to order two for the table / there were four of us.  coconut shrimp, cane syrup pie, caramel flan, what wasn't to love here.
So glad we tried y'all, and again, we will be back later today.While the food was delicious, the owner was a long way from tolerable. My family and I arrived hoping to be able to enjoy a cocktail and a few small plates. We arrived with 4 adults, 2 toddlers and a baby. Knowing this was a lot, we asked the hostess if they could accommodate such a group. The hostess happily said yes, but asked we be gone by a certain time. While I admit this should have been a red flag, we eagerly entered the establishment. The drinks were subpar but the food was delicious. Even our toddlers enjoyed the food, WOW! All our positive experiences were blown to pieces when my toddler had a blow out!  There was no changing table in the restroom. With no set place to change my child's overflowing diaper, I proceeded to change it at the table, on the bench. Where was I supposed to go? I'd happily go to the restroom for this- but no such area was provided. Where else was there an option to change a diaper? They provide adults a private place to change/use the restroom, why was it different for my child? For a city that boasts equality for all, where was my child? While taking care of my child and this incident, the owner proceeded to hound my husband and I. She walked to the table and roughly told us we needed to put our masks on. We apologized and kept taking care of our 1.5 year old child. In the background we could vividly see the owner glaring at us, shaking her head and rolling her eyes.  We were standing right next to our chairs. We had not come any closer to another human being than if we were sitting. Due to our haste in taking care of our child, we had stood up, not changed location, weren't next to any other person,  but were immediately glared at, and persecuted for not immediately putting our masks on. While I agree and applaud keeping ourselves and others safe, I don't understand the mean glares and words we received from the owner of this restaurant. I feel more appropriate information needs to be provided to this owner on the spread of bacteria; Changing from a sitting to standing position while still maintaining well over the  6 feet recommendation by the CDC should not lead anyone to harass another human being; especially an owner. My family and I were clearly were no longer welcome, even though we just spent $200+ dollars. I felt the hatred sent by this owner and fully know my family and I are not welcome. We will happily not come back to this restaurant and will definitely not recommend this to our family or friends. If owners aren't comfortable opening their doors, and cannot meet their patrons with warmth and love then I'd recommend staying closed- it may be better for business in the long run! We have a second home in New Orleans and have always bragged about the welcoming spirit of this city. Sadly, we were proven wrong tonight. I hope New Orleans can recover from this pandemic. However, with behavior from restaurant owners like we experienced  tonight, I'm not sure it will.hooo-IE! That's some good food there. Small little place and we six came unannounced, so were placed at the back bar looking at the hardworking chefs whomp up a lot of beautiful food. Didn't matter. Place was loud enough to sound boisterous but didn't have to raise my voice to be heard two seats down. 
Here's what to eat off the preservation plate: the phenomenal pickled mushrooms, the luscious Tasso ham, the wonderful pimiento cheese, the acutely hot yet tasty peppers ... ok, everything. Share. 
My entree, chosen with great difficulty, was the duck with mole. No, not A mole, wise guy - a light(!) chocolaty sauce underlying perfectly done tender duck, a smattering of impossibly sweet platano slices, and a chunky corn tamale holding fine shredded duck, all swathed in Christmas-green chimichurri. My friends got goat curry (tender and just a bit spicy!), tuna, and a special, all devoured. We had to watch the chefs prepare the jewels not chosen, which made us sad - a lot of pork chops and chicken livers were prepared just beyond our reach, then whisked away to their new proud owners. Get anything you want. 
A few of us had dessert. Three chocolate flans, all receiving raves, but I had what amounted to an excellent shoo-fly pie with lemon ice cream. Hooo- ie again!
The store is very attractive with enjoyable wait staff and great ambience. Don't be nervous about its location: walk in only maybe three blocks from either Canal or Bourbon (suggest with a friend) or take the red streetcar. No hassles. 
So much worth the trip. Twelve thumbs up from half a dozen hungry guys. Go there.Interesting idea for a restaurant but extremely limited menu.  Let's start with the good: very friendly and welcoming staff and excellent shrimp entree. Besides that, the salad and crab claws were ok, heavily covered in dressing. Pompano fell short, which was disappointing.  Cocktail menu is interesting but underwhelming. Ambiance cool but we are in no hurry to try this one again.I don't often write a review, but when I do, it's either because the food/service were exceptionally good....or exceptionally bad.  This is the former.  We live in the city and I have traveled the world and this dinner was probably in my top five.  Ever.  Not just during this sh***y year, but ever.  First off, when making reservations, choose the kitchen seating.  Almost without fail, we choose to sit outside, but I love to see the action and so we chose the kitchen.  This was not a special occasion, outside of "date night," but it may as well have been.  We considered just ordering everything on the appetizers, from the albondigas to the crab and conch gratin and doing a tapas dinner, but we started with the shrimp remoulade (wanted to see what they did with that classic) and the goat curry.  Actually, we started with craft cocktails that were so nuanced that I teared up.  The barkeep needs to trademark those mixers and sell them as holiday gift sets.  Back to the food.,..flawless starters.  And I mean it.  The curried goat was Jamaican style, which tends to be a palate blowing flavor bomb and this was sooooo restrained.  We moved to mains and they actually have a tritip wagyu (don't tell Texas or the beef market will bottom out with this perfect yet affordable cut of beef) and the gulf fish meuniere (tonight was snapper).  The beef had some magical chimichurri salsa verde and fingerling sweet potatoes that were...charred?  in the skins.  I actually don't know what witchcraft was used in their making but they were also covered in some creamy goodness that I would also consider bathing in.  The fish was over perfectly wilted swiss chard that would normally tend to be toothsome, but it submitted happily to a sauce that included mandarin oranges and liquid sunshine.  I took home chocolate mousse, because how could I not, and I am eating it now.  Typing this review has helped me from wolfing it down in 3 bites.  All of the staff, bar, kitchen, and service, worked together flawlessly, communicated beautifully, and filled my tummy to the perfect degree.  I am thankful for dinner and that I live half a mile a way and can return at the soonest.  TLDR: if you don't eat here, you're wrong.  Traveler, tourist, or local, this should be either on your list or where you take people that you adore.  Thanks for the gratis brussels and the entire evening.Do yourself a favor and eat here as often as you can. Holy crap, it is amazing. My wife and I ate here for our 10th Anniversary dinner and it is one of the best meals I have ever eaten. Period.Wow!  We found Palm and Pine after much research regarding amazing NOLA restaurants that are open on Monday night.  We were passing through on the way from Tennessee back to Austin.  
The creole tomato salad is out of this world, and we followed up an order of the flank steak with another order of the flank steak.  Just wow!The gulf fish (trout) was light, full of flavor, and perfectly crisp. 
The pork was hearty rich, and had delicious beans to go alongside it.
The wagu beef was cooked perfectly wIth the best crispy potatoes and sauce.
The Brussels sprouts blew us all away. 
Our family all shared each dish to see how they tasted and literally all of them blew me away. I'll be sending my friends and family here if they ever  come here to visit. 
This place WILL NOT DISAPPOINT.Definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. Prior to COVID, I was hitting up this place once a week for their late night happy hour (11pm-1, $5 drinks and discounted food). The staff is super friendly. I would usually sit at the bar or the seating near the open kitchen. Big fan of the blistered shishito peppers, goat curry, and the burger. I've brought numerous of town friends, dates and have gone alone on many occasions. Stopped by recently for the first time in 5 months. It was like nothing had changed besides being compliant with the COVID-19 mandates. Food and cocktails are still amazing. Staff is friendly as ever. Overall, a great spot with lots of interesting dishes and drinks.The service was excellent and the space was cozy, cute, and hip. 
My Antigua tropical sno-ball which was confirmed vegan is sweet and fruity. There is no semblance of alcohol in this drink but there is.
My friend got the Hotel P&P and it tastes like how a campfire smells. That warm feeling of a summer evening, roasting marshmallows, and telling stories with your loved ones. 
For my entree the kitchen veganized the charred eggplant for me. The eggplant itself was cooked well. The ciabatta was very well toasted. Lol. I found that the tomatoes didn't add to the dish. Perhaps the tomato should have been left raw to ad a crunch of fresh sweetness to the bite.
The avocado corn salad was a sweet gesture from the kitchen and was also vegan. It has a wide variety of flavors. The squash flower, sage (?), radish, corn, grilled onion and avocado all worked well together to give a new taste in every bite.
My friend had the Louisiana Wagyu and said it was a really good steak (8/10).
All in all it was a pleasant evening and good experience. Chill yet semi-fancy. They had hand sanitizer right when you walk in the door, they provided you with paper bags so you didn't leave your masks sitting in the table, and if you had to use the restroom then put your mask back on.I have not had a restaurant where I do not like the food AND the cocktail for a while... Their curated cocktail menu seemed great yet every one we ordered were disappointing. I did not even order an entree because nothing screamed at me but my husband said his dish was meh and Super fatty. Appetizers were good but for something $15+, I somehow expected slightly larger portion than what we received. They were smaller than some restaurant's Happy Hour portion. Crazy. I had high expectations because there were so many great reviews but I think this is the only new restaurant I do not plan to come back at all....
P.s: it's VERY hot in there as someone else said...I had their food at a gala and it was so amazingly delicious. I especially loved their gazpacho, it's the perfect mix of spicy and refreshing.Very very limited menu. Service was good.  With all the options in the immediate vicinity, we will pass on returning.I went here for brunch last weekend. While the food was excellent and the waitstaff were fine, the head chef (manager?) was verbally abusing his coworkers. There were a total of 6 other guests other than my own table, but he was barking out orders and yelling at the other cooks and waitstaff as if there was a huge rush. I get that they have a high standards but I have been to similar restaurants with open kitchens and high quality food (and fast service!) in which it was clear there was mutual respect from the different cooks.
The egotistical and impatient demeanor of the head chef made the whole experience uncomfortable and I would not recommend going here unless that changes.My family and I were very disappointed at the way we were treated after paying 500$ for our meal. We went on New Year's Eve and each of us had a pre set meal, some of us adding the additional wine and cocktail pairing. We enjoyed the food and the service. After eating our dessert and finishing up our cocktails we were talking for a little bit. We were not camping out. It may have been about 5 minutes and we were just about to get up anyway, however, a woman ( I'm unsure of her role there) came to the table and mentioned that there was a group of nice people who were waiting for a table and if we could be so kind as to hurry up and leave. I have never been to any restaurant where I was asked to leave, especially after paying so much for a meal. We were very offended and honestly didn't know how to respond. I feel there was a much better way to handle this situation. It's a shame because I really loved this place, but this last experience was big disappointment.P&P was incredibly accommodating to a few guests with allergies, food was delicious, innovative, & unique. Service was perfect, & friendly. Definitely worth a visit, & I look forward to going back.This place has an an awesome Instagram game, but that means they have to live up to their hype and deliver.
It was a partial delivery situation. The peanut salad was amazing. The crudo was good but a bit sparse. The bbq shrimp was good. The duck was not. It was extremely tough and chewy, like a Haribo gummy bear straight out of the fridge. The duck was also fairly tasteless, with decent but not incredible mole and sub-average chimichurri sitting on top to mask it. 
Finally we come to the service. Ehhhh.... When I ask for a recommendation, please don't say it's all good. Something is better than others, something makes you famous, or just lie to me. When greeted at the door, we were asked for our COVID vax (as they should do) and we provided it, but then we were asked for ID as well. Wtf... as if I stole a phone and passed it off as my own? Cmon why not just make us put Dennis Kucinich bumper stickers on our car as well? It was uncalled for virtue signaling. Then they showed us a menu with mandatory gratuity. Minus one star right there. 
Overall the "we read the Atlantic" vibe is annoying and given the shortcomings in food it appears to be distracting from the main mission. The bones of a great restaurant are here, but the execution is lacking.When I visited New Orleans in April this place popped up as one of the newer restaurants in the city 
 located on Rampart which there are a ton of dining establishment so I was excited to see something on this particular street 
 I loved everything about it has a great vibe the food was really good it was Innovative
 the grits in the short ribs everything 
 well thought out and the drinks were excellent as wellIt was an amazing meal at the kitchen counter! Loved my appetizer, dinner and dessert! Thank you for a great evening!Outstanding late night food options - fantastic burger, best Brussels sprouts we have ever had, great drink prices. Staff was fun and chill. A+ would go again! 
Also, collapsed Hard Rock is a block away so there is minimal crowd in here - come support these guys so they make it through this slow time.We were so excited to be celebrating our anniversary at what was one of our favorite restaurants in the city.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted with a stack of "Defund the Police-Prioritize the People" stickers. I could kick myself now knowing we should've turned around and walked out of the restaurant.  There we were on a Sunday evening in a city where many of the restaurants are temporarily closed or serving only take out due to COVID 19. We had few other options at that point. With that being said,  the food was delicious as usual and the service was very pleasant, but the fact that this establishment so openly supports a movement that 64% of Americans are against makes for an unpleasant dining experience if you happen to disagree with their stance.  In this great country,  this establishment has every right to take a stance and display it front and center.  All I ask is that they be considerate and display this stance on their website and other reservation apps so that patrons can make an informed decision as to whether they want to support that particular business or not. It's mind-boggling to me why any restaurant (or business, for that matter) would want to alienate such a large percentage of potential patrons, especially given the difficult economic environment we're experiencing at the present time.Rude slow service, mediocre food at best, will not return..  PS.  Was told no manager was on duty.  No excuse for this.A new FQ restaurant that actually wants to please locals. We sat at the bar and enjoyed great service and a few extra tidbits. I like eating from the variety of small plates. I don't want to say too much or I won't be able to eat without waiting in line behind tourists. Always our dilemma. We want good restaurants to make it, but not crowd out those of us who live nearby.Y'all, this place is fantastic. It is a beautiful space that really is a great take on what a modern renovation in the Quarter can be. The menu is really well thought out. The food is as beautiful as it is delicious. Get the Fried Oysters with Foie Gras butter. Damn! Our server was charming, helpful and knowledgeable. I would guess that it will start getting difficult to get a reservation soonI live really close and heard Palm&Pine was offering free food (and even beer and wine!) to anyone who needs. Since I, like most of the people I know, have become unemployed recently, every little bit of help is welcome. The fried chicken and red beans & rice are delicious! I can't wait to patronize this business when the world returns to normal.The food at Palm & Pine is spot on! The hostess is a doll! The front dining room is sooooo hot... there doesn't seem to be in air in the area in front of the bar... if you require A/C request to sit in the back. Will definitely go back... in the fall!We dined at a quaint outdoor table right on N Rampart Street last night. Had the Coconut Shrimp for our entree and the Peppers for one appetizer. The cocktail was perfect as well as the wine. The food was amazingly presented and uniquely tasty. The bean appetizer  was exquisite too. The chefs are so talented and we'll be back again on a regular basis.This is the place to go!! Went with my family for brunch and it was so great! They follow all covid-19 protocols ( take your temperature, provide with a bottle of hand sanitizer at the table, and even give you bags for your masks). The food was superb! We tried the grits, steak and eggs, chilaquiles, salad and the summer fruit bowl! Every single thing was amazing! Our serve was wonderful!A very nice & quaint place. Service was outstanding. I gave 4 stars because the food was a tad more exotic than I care for. Very clean! Super COVID-19 careful which is a plus. The decor on the inside was beautiful; a mix between Caribbean, Southern & Modern. On a quiet street. Side walk seating almost felt like we weren't part of the restaurant. Our table was the furthest away from the door due to spacing, I sat there because of my friend. I think I would have preferred indoor dining since they have lots of windows/doors open. Although the portions are smaller than what I'm used to both my friend and I were very full.I like that it's has a very electic style. It can be a great hangout to catch up with friends at the bar or a romantic date night. The menu holds a swanky NOLA twist. My favorite was the drunken shrimp which was in the works at the time but was amazing. Head on boiled shrimp with fresh veggies and peppers with a sauce to phone home about. The gulf fish with greens and sweet potatoes that taste better than grandma's. And the icy on the cake, the flan with caramelized bananas. This place is will be a award winning restaurant.What a refreshing break from the ordinary! Palm & Pine has a limited and yet very intriguing menu. After 5 days in the French Quarter, my partner Sid and I were ready for a place that made no mention of gumbo. So off we trekked to the north end of the quarter to Rampart St. We received a friendly greeting and were taken to a table in the back room, which was light and airy, and not crowded. 
Our waiter, David, was delightful and helpful. We wanted to try the blistered shishitos, but he warned us off because Sid has a shellfish allergy, and the fryer is used for shellfish. He did come up with a creative alternative, and the chef agreed to try cooking the peppers under the broiler. I can't honestly say if the final product was in any way diminished by the different cooking method. What I can say is that the mild peppers served with chopped peanuts and a delicious dipping sauce were first rate.
I ordered the grilled pork shoulder steak, which is brined in watermelon and served with a spicy cucumber and watermelon salad. After days of heavy creole cooking, this was just so pleasant, tasty and light. Loved it!
Sid ordered the broiled pompano, which is a delicate white fish, served with crispy skin intact. Again, no heavy garnish need apply, as the dish is served in a delicate sauce with tomatoes, avocado and roasted cauliflower. I tasted it, of course, and I almost stole his plate! Fortunately we are good at sharing :-)
Our next trip to NOLA will likely be less than the 8 days we spent there this time, however, it will most certainly include a repeat visit to Palm & Pine.The highlight of our culinary tour through New Orleans.  Loved everything they brought to the table, especially the Yucca. It was amazing. I need to com back for the famous burger but it's only served after 11pm.
Heads up they do check your vaccine card here.I do love this place. I first came here for a ladies' night. We sat at the bar, drank cocktails and shared some small plates. Food is great, the cocktails are incredibly unique (2 of Cups is 10 stars). We went for dinner last night and the service was spot on. They have a few vegan meals and the squash stuffed with apple chorizo was so delicious. It's not chorizo - it's apples! I love the creative and seasonal food. P&P for sure be on the regular rotation.Food was terrific, but service was terrible. For a table of five they included a 20% tip, which was offensive on a number of levels. Two and a half hours foe a simple dinner. We won't be back.We came here with a reservation on a Friday night and they sat us in the back corner at the kitchen counter where it was blazing hot. You could feel the heat coming off the stove and there was no ventilation. We asked to be reseated and they declined. I don't mind them declining to reseat us if they were really busy but there is no reason they should be seating people in a corner where the temps are likely greater than 90 degrees.
Didn't have the food obviously but smelled good. The lack of concern about the customer was disappointing.OMG! OMG! When I tell you EVERYTHING was good! Baby EVERYTHING was good! Sorry I didn't take pics because I was too busy dancing and grabbing my fork when the food arrived. Our group all got something different so we could sample it all. We were there for brunch. I started with the Brussel sprouts (slap ya momma good), then I had that Yuka sandwich (forgot the name...hella good), tasted the shrimp n grits and the smothered biscuits (both slamming)! Then the table shared this king cake dessert that was like strips of bread (like French toast)...look I can't describe everything in it because we just ate it and BABY...NOM NOM NOM! I don't even like king cake (and yes I'm from NOLA) and it was delicious! Not overly sweet (which is why I don't like traditional king cake). I don't live home anymore but definitely going to hit them up for dinner and the late night menu when I come back. Oh and the service was AWESOME too! You can't lose here! 
Forgot to add this part because I didn't taste these dishes, but those that had them raved about it. The breakfast tacos, cornbread waffles and steak and eggs were a hit with my group as well. I was too full to try all of that.For starters, let me get this out of the way...the food is outstanding! If there was a way I could only take off half a star, I would. I went with two other people, after an afternoon spent wandering the Quarter. It was hot and this restaurant was a welcome respite from the heat. The decor is simple and pleasing. The staff is friendly, delightful, accommodating and funny. 
We ordered several different dishes and ate it tapas style, with all of us sharing the dishes. Once you have tasted their French Fries with banana ketchup and roasted garlic mayo, you will never be able to go back to regular condiments again. I wanted to bring home a gallon! 
The Beef Picadillo Empanada was stuffed full with flavors  and the pastry shell was light and cooked to perfection. I expected the Coconut Shrimp to be your typical batter fried dish but I was mistaken! Though I don't like my food staring at me, I made an exception to this shrimp plate because it was heavenly tasting and the coconut flavor was layered in and not overwhelming. 
Anyone who knows me knows I don't do spicy so I was hesitant to try the blistered shishitos but I am here to tell you I cannot wait to go back and eat more!
My son took one bite of the Goat curry and told me right away I wouldn't be able to tolerate the heat. And based on the amount of sniffling and swearing he was doing, I'd say he was right. Mind you, these reactions are coming from the guy who loves spicy! 
Everyone dove in to the Oaxacan mole (duck tamale). If we weren't already stuffed, we might have ordered a second plate. 
If you are a "dinner isn't complete without dessert" kind of patron, like me, then this establishment doesn't disappoint. We tried the chocolate mousse and the cane syrup pie. I am typically a chocolate all the way gal yet I enjoyed the pie much better. Mainly because the chocolate mousse had mole spice incorporated in the flavors and I wasn't a huge fan. But that's just me! Decide for yourself. I have never eaten can't syrup pie before and to be honest I wouldn't have chosen it if chocolate is on the menu. Thankfully we all shared the desserts too and I found a new favorite. 
I did take away half a star because I would have preferred a few more drink varieties to be of a fruitier "girlie" type. Their drink menu is extensive and the names are creative. I wasn't fond of the drink I ordered but the staff was very helpful and cheerfully added a few more fruit juices to it to appease my palate. 
Otherwise, this place is a definite MUST GO to restaurant. If you don't stop here, you are missing out on a culinary delight.We happened upon Palm and Pine by accident. Calling for a reservation and finding out there were none, we took a chance arriving at 5:30 to eat at the bar. Best decision ever! Staff are warm, friendly, and inviting. COVID safety precautions in place. Every drink, appetizer, main dish, desert included elements of surprise, a delight for all of the senses. 
Every restaurant we go to will now be compared to Palm and Pine! Can't wait to come back!Wow!! Hubby and I visiting from SF .. and believe me when I sat we are foodies ! Everything we ordered here was mouth watering including the drinks !! .. the clams and chicken livers deserve a special mention .. but everything sooo good ! 
Get the 2 of cups to drink!After meeting a partner of P&P, he stated that his vision was to have a restaurant with a relaxed affordable atmosphere and upscale food. They have definitely managed to reach this concept. The food is nothing short of delicious. We started with the preservation plate. Let me start by saying I HATE pimento cheese but their in house pimento cheese is DELICIOUS! Also the smoked trout spread.... I could go in and ask for just a bowl of that next time! These were two highlights on the board with a lot of pickled vegetables. Next time I would like to see less of the pickled vegetables and more of the cheese and trout.  I had the goat curry which was awesome and would get again. My sister had the wagyu which was cooked perfectly. We split the crudo which was fine but could probably skip next time. The waitress was friendly and helped with drink selections. I want to go back and try the Brussel sprouts and think it would be a nice pre theatre dinner  spot.What a lovely departure from traditional New Orleans cuisine. They still play jazz but the menu takes bounds and leaps and infuses Latin American cuisine into traditional dishes.
The environment is bright and lively and the staff was welcoming, friendly and serious about safety regarding masks, vax cards and IDs.
I liked that there's a variety of seating options including the chefs bar, a regular bar, high tops for two, and traditional seating in the front.
I started with a quarter tini which has two of my favorite ingredients - gin and chamomile. They're using the local Gravier gin that I really enjoy. I startedwith the tricolor roasted carrots with a sesame seed salsa and queso Fresco and mint that was perfectly blend of flavors - sweet spicy and refreshing with a mint. that sesame salsa was amazing it was a little party in my mouth! I wanted to eat it  as slow as possible to enjoy all of the flavors.
The gumbo Was out of this world. It was super flavorful using turkey neck and I love that they topped it with a scoop of the creole potato salad right on top which one of the bartenders told me was his grandmothers traditional creole way of cooking.
I love that they leave a bottle of water on the table for you so that you can serve yourself and I have to bother someone for water every time you need it especially at a town where there's a lot of drinking happening.
The carimañolas we're amazing I didn't realize that the outside was going to be made of yuca with a sausage on the inside.
Seeing the different food being prepared by the bar means that I need to come back! 
Cocktails were $11-$14My husband and I went for a date night. Each course was great, service was wonderful and the atmosphere was very welcoming! The price point was reasonable and there honestly wasn't a dish that I didn't love. I tried the following dishes: Corner Store Crudo,Tomatillo Gazpacho and Coconut Grilled Gulf Fish.Palm and Pine started doing Sunday brunch yesterday, and it was awesome.   Our table of 4 shared a number of dishes, and all were excellent. The tuna tostado was fresh with a bit of mild heat and a wonderful unami from a house-cured yolk grated on top.  The corn waffles are topped with an tangy-sweet orange curd and spiced pecans.  The torta of fried yuca is surprisingly light and packed with flavor; it's a vegetarian option that carnivores would love.  The chilaquiles have a house-made apple chorizo that I was already a fan of (they use it in one of their dinner appetizers).  The biscuit was covered with a rich sausage gravy, and I'm pretty sure they make their own tortillas for the breakfast tacos.  They also have eggs/bacon/grits/etc that we didn't try.
This place is a wonderful addition to New Orleans' brunch scene.Amazing food!  We just finished dinner for my 50th b-day celebration. We had the cornerstone crudo, chicken liver, pork chop, flat iron steak, shrimp/grits and the mole dishes.  Everything was exceptional - so much flavor.  The sorbet and the cheesecake were good as well.  My son said the crudo and the pork chop were the best he's had. The shrimp/grits was the best I had since being in New Orleans.  The 2 cups cocktail also was done very well.  Our waitress was awesome and gave really great service.  Like the other review, we were reminded that there was an upcoming reservation.  To be fair, our reservation was for 2 hours, and we kept on ordering more food because it was that good.  I didn't mind the reminder but my husband said no one should be limited to time when dining.  Exceptional food and highly recommend.We had seen the chef, Amarys Herndon, on the PBS Kitchen Queens, New Orleans show a few times and made a point of coming to Palm & Pine for a meal while in NOLA.  Wow! My husband was able to mention that we'd seen the show and she was very pleasant to him. 
For our lunch we had a lagniappe of Shrimp Dip with Fried Saltines which was very yummy.  Our next course was Roasted Beet Sopes which were small pie crust filled with cumin and cilantro seasoned mashed black beans, topped with wonderful goat cheese, beets and a very fresh slaw.  It was a great combination of earthy, tart and beety goodness.  My husband had chile butter shrimp tacos with salsa matcha with fried yucca and avocado salsa.  
I had seen Amarys cooking with eggplant on the show, so I chose an Eggplant Parm Po'Boy, which was velvety, crunchy and full of very herby green goddess dressing.  Wonderful and big, we will have the rest for dinner!
They had a good wine and beer list and the service was terrific.  Even brought a bowl of water for our hound!  They also listed some pantry items, so I got a small jar of cumin honey to try out at home.Service was very slow, and the waitress was difficult to flag down even though she wasn't busy. Food was tasty but apps and entrees are very small for the price. Not a good pre-drinking spot for lack of substance.I've been lucky to have eaten lots of yummy food in this city, and it's rare that a restaurant truly blows me away. Palm & Pine blew my mind. (The few other places that have wowed me are Maypop & Sofia!) SO creative/innovative in their menu with flavors that just go together without having to try too hard! All around, amazing.
We ordered so many items. 4 apps, two entrees and dessert. Highly recommend the goat curry (so good!!!!), and many here have. But, one of my favorite dishes was the Dr. Pepper braised boiled peanuts! Now, I didn't detect any Dr. P flavor in the peanuts, tbh, but the combination of everything they had in that dish was delicious and probably my favorite thing on the menu!
Crabclaws were fantastic, the shishito peppers were good, pimento cheese (a gift from the kitchen!) was delicious. We also had the La Wagyu beef- cooked to medium rare perfection, and served with smokey potato salad & green tomato/serrano salsa. On special was a cornmeal fried softshell crab also incredible.
Dessert was the peach & frangipane tart with honey & vanilla ice cream. Two thumbs up. They also sent us a generous scoop of paloma sorbet (also a gift from the kitchen!) to try and it did not disappoint! 
The interior is beautiful pink & green classy kitsch (if there is such a thing) with gorgeous wall paper panels, a beautiful bar of resin coated palm leaves and bubblegum pink counter seating saddled up to view the kitchen. A colorful map mural adorns the beautiful brick wall. I love this place.
They've been open just over a year and dealt with closing down due to the Hard Rock hotel collapse and now COVID, but I hope this lovely little gem if a place survives. I'll definitely be back!!We stumbled upon this place on accident. We just had their breakfast tacos. They were absolutely fantastic. Great atmosphere too.Wow!  This hidden gem on Rampart is amazing.  We've been told by multiple people that we need to try it and we are so glad we did.  Everything was amazing and we will be sure to be back!We saw this place on social media, so we thought we'd give it a try. 
As we were seated, we were greeted by a friendly, charming host.  She told us that they have been only open for five weeks. 
Our waiter was terrific, and patiently answered all our questions about the menu. 
We had tuna crudo, drunken shrimp and shishito. Each was made with an unexpected mix of flavors and ingredients, but worked remarkably well. 
Looking forward to squeezing in another visit before the end of our trip.Wonderful experience.  As advertised.  Cuisine from the South with influences from South of that (Latin and South America).  Cocktails were all amazing.  The summer fruit salad, as simple as it was, was phenomenal.  All of the entrees for brunch were amazing, particularly the Chilaquiles and Hangar Steal.  Support NOLA restaurants during COVID-19!Sat at the bar for dinner while in town for work from NYC. Great drinks, enjoyed the fried brussel sprouts and goat curry, friendly service.Stopped by this new spot on the rainy Sunday after being cooped up at home by TS/Hurricane Barry. They only had an abbreviated menu and were out of some options. But I get it. 
Love the space and I had a couple of lovely pours of bubbles. The wine list is interesting and has some nice selections. And I can't wait to try some of their signature cocktails. We ordered a preservation plate and the pickled mirlitons were my favorite. My friend LOVED the hogshead cheese. 
The staff is great and since it's near NOAC on Decatur, parking was easypeasy. 
I can't wait to come back on a normal night and try the full menu. PLUS the kitchen is open until 1am on weeknights and 2 am on weekends. So great to have options.Stopped in for brunch on a Sunday and I'll say, this place should have lines out the door everyday. It's unfortunate they're in such close proximity of the collapsed hard rock hotel which I know is contributing to their lack in volume but trust me when I say, you need to find your way here. Parking is a bit tough at the moment but quarter residents, bikers and anyone with Lyft/Uber have no excuse. In fact, no one does. 
This very sentence comes (after drafting a day ago) as I am back, yet again, a third time in 24 hours to try more from the menu. I'll bring you up to speed. Yesterday, early-afternoon, I came in for brunch, had the breakfast tacos and a few cocktails which were all delightful. The tacos are definitely your hangover killers; get three if u need that pot-belly feeling. 
The decor is a sweet, island vibe of (guess what?) palm and pine(apple), some pastels and, my favorite, bar seating right in front of the open kitchen. I believe there's also a private room for parties. Barnyard doors protect the bathrooms- a nice touch IMO and the playlist implies these are some pretty hip folks running the place. 
My second visit (same day) came later that night for happy hour which begins at 11pm til close. I went in for what I've been hearing people rave over: the Upper Quarter Pounder burger. It's their take on (the "restaurant's" name we do not speak)'s quarter pounder except here, it's all made from scratch, well, all but the bun. It's nearly impossible for me to highlight the best part of the burger but the fact that the cheese is made in-house has got to be the thing that impressed me the most. Even the fries are in-house and they come with this banana ketchup that's just divine. They won't ask you how to prepare the burger because it only comes one way: the way the chef makes it-the RIGHT way. 
My third visit was also for the late night menu and that time I checked off the fried Brussels and the crab claws. Each bite of the claws greeted me with a surprising amount of crabmeat and the flavors were a melody of excellence coupled with those perfect, crispy chips that came in just the right amount for the dish. I'm  typically not a fan of cold dishes but I'd definitely go for it again. The fried Brussels alone were a gut-buster (for me) and fantastic. 
Now all this may sound grand, but don't wait too long getting here because their menu does change and I got word that it will be soon, if it hasn't already. I'll be doing my best to check off everything I possibly can on the menu in the mean time. 
Pat yourselves on the back, y'all, great job.Was really excited to try this place after Covid reopening! Honestly, blown away. As someone who is gluten and dairy free, they had a lot of options and great diversity of plates. Our waitress was very attentive and after we ordered so much even added in a little dessert on the house! Yucca fritters and tuna tartar were very flavorful. My shrimp dish was 10/10. Everything was very light and fresh feeling. I've been to a lot of places in New Orleans and this was the first time I've been compelled to leave a review.  Very impressed and appreciated the unique menu that sets it apart f New Orleans restaurants.I went there last night and was blown away. I had the grilled eggplant with fresh cheese and it was amazing. I had never had eggplant that way or that delicious. A pineapple big shot crudo was served next and I almost embarrassed myself trying to get every last bit! Our entrees were a watermelon infused grilled pork chop and a grilled gulf fish with sweet potatoes and greens, so amazing. For dessert we had the most excellent flan I had ever had. The bar was no slouch either with the featured cocktails that were unique and flavorful! I had never tried a Mexican wine but the Cab/Sangiovese was on point and my wife had a great Chenin Blanc from Uruguay. Everything about the menu and space seemed very purposeful, unique and complimentary. Can't wait to visit again.We are so glad that we tried this hidden gem on Rampart.  We had met one of the owners at Erin Rose before the end of the world and decided to treat ourselves to a night out.  You would never know that you had a 5 star restaurant seeing it from the road (right before the road is semi-permanently closed for the Hard Rock Hotel collapse) but once inside every drink and dish was excellent.  We will certainly be visiting this restaurant again soon and have added it to our Nola Top 10!Dear god this place was good. We went the Fourth of July wanting to get some real good food, and man, this place did not disappoint. We got a beer and seasonal cocktail, and they were both absolutely amazing. We got the crab legs and the coconut shrimp. The crab went great with the mango salsa, and I was really impressed. The coconut shrimp was amazing and so easy to share. 10/10My husband and I recently visited New Orleans for the first time. We went to all the places people told us to eat and had great food everywhere. However, our dinner at Palm and Pine was by far the best. Although it isn't your typical New Orleans menu, everything was incredible. We didn't actually order the tomato salad but the chef sent one over anyway and it was possibly the best bite of food I had the whole weekend- a MUST order! We were also blown away by the pork and watermelon dish. The combination of flavors was so unique and makes you keep wanting to go back for another bite. We also enjoyed the crudo, the eggplant, the bread and the desserts. Couldn't have asked for a better meal!Amazing food and decor. The menu is interesting. The dishes are full of complex flavors. Best duck mole outside of Mexico City. Our server was fantastic.