We visited New Orleans for the first time in March/2016 with our friends. We tried getting into Preservation Hall but it was booked both times. We found this cafe by luck and thank god we did. It's well lit, clean and the music was great!!! This was exactly the type of ambience we were looking for.Did not eat there as local told us food is overpriced; however, music was terrific and spirits decent; recommend it for jazzFirst time to NOLA.  Dinner, Leroy Jones and the Crescent City Joymakers a wonderful respite from Bourbon St.  Delicious food, great atmosphere, and great music - highly recommended!  Can't keep the wife in her seat!This was an experience. 
I went alone, no reservations, they sat me down front near the stage. I had the seafood alfredo and it was delicious. Get plenty of bread to sop up the sauce. What a treat. Nice glass of wine. 
The band is terrific - every one a master and talent oooooozing out of their collective vibe. The trumpet player is a character - very friendly. He looks about 55, from England, and when he got talking and said he'd been in New Orleans for decades, I wondered aloud if he'd moved when he was a child? Nope. When he was in his twenties. Must be the water, the music, the food...something. And then he played. Amazing.
The topper had to be the owner, a nice, little older lady, dancing her ASS off late until the night. She sat a nice Turkish doctor with me, so I learned about the art of urology in the Middle East during band breaks. 
I really don't think you can top that kind of evening.Came here with some friends for food and jazz. People dance! Amazing music, amazing atmosphere and food.Went here using a restaurant.com certificate.  There were 4 of us celebrating my birthday. The music was top class - a 6 piece band playing traditional jazz. The waitress was just okay, not that friendly. We had the rib eye steaks with peppercorn (good but no great) and a nice snapper with cocoanut curry sauce (really good). The whiskey bread pudding was nice. Watch out for the unadvertised $5 entertainment charge for diners.Called the day before for reservations for 5 and was immediately accommodated at 7:00 at a table close to the stage. Service was close to perfect and had water, bread and drink orders right away.  Served food very quickly and had plenty of time to finish our meal before the jazz started at 8:00! The music was absolutely fantastic and the band seams to appreciated requests. The food was pretty good. I had the red snapper. The curry sauce is s little sweet so ask for it on the side if that's not to your taste. Everyone else had the pastas, which were quite good.Really nice dinner with live jazz music on Saturdays! The food was great and the service was Outstanding for New OrleansAmazing music in an elegant atmosphere.  The appetizers are pretty yummy, too. Highly reccomended.It was wonderful to hear jazz while eating a delicious shrimp ambrosia. Friendly service and nice/warm environment. Wish the stage was better placed so that everyone obtained the same quality sounds and views. Although, it was very pricey, the food was amazing and worth it.This place is AWESOME!!!! It's a must when you're in town. We were there with a group of 15 ppl including kids. The staffs were just so kind and friendly to settle down the kids with food in just a minute. 
Another high light was the live band. They played good music. We enjoyed a lot. The kids were so happy and the adults were having a wonderful time!!! Highly recommended!!!If I were to base this review solely on the food and service, I'd give it two stars.  I was really hoping for better. I did make a reservation and they were SUPER fast confirming it. So fast in fact, I had higher hopes for the place. Too bad the service isn't that fast.
We walked in and they sat us at a table in front of the stage. I liked that. It was a good spot for someone who was looking enjoy some jazz.  The place just opened and it wasn't too busy, but my drink took forever. I thought for a moment he walked up the street to get it at another place.  The drink was so small I thought that I was expected to use it for mouthwash.  
Anyway, FINALLY the waiter, who was very nice by the way, but NOT at all attentive. We ordered the soup du jour, which was a mushroom bisque. It sounded good but that's where it stopped.  It was stone cold.  My friend didn't even finish hers.  She just didn't care for it. I finished mine but it was hard to. He never came back and asked if we were enjoying it.  I wasn't and maybe he knew it was bad. I don't know.
Our reservation was for 7 and the band was supposed to start at 730. Now, if I am paying a $5 per person surcharge for a band, I expect "my employees" to start on time. They were still strolling shortly before 8. We were nearly finished with our dinner when they started. We listened to three songs barely!!  Now, about the band since I'm already on it, the trombone player was FANTASTIC. He clearly has been playing for a long time and was very enthusiastic. He was the reason this place got the extra star.
Now, onto the dinner... thankfully, it was warm.  I got the redfish in the coconut curry sauce.  It was delicious. We had a third join us for dinner and he had a crawfish dish that was good and my other friend had the steak. She said it was good but didn't say anything about it on her own. I had to ask.  
Anyway, we had to ask for the check and we were never offered any more drinks nor dessert.  Now, it may be because he got out of his seat to ask for the check but it still would have been nice to have been asked at some point. I don't know maybe before he asked for the check.  
Well, this was long and probably won't get a full read but my recommendation, choose another place for dinner and stop here to at least listen to the music.  That made the dinner better. If it wasn't for the music, the dinner would have been terrible.Great music, mostly good food.  Don't get the ribeye, well prepared but a bad cut of meat.Wow. What a cute place.
I was here last night with Juliet Laughlin and her friends from out of town. There was a function at the Laughlins' earlier in the evening, so we arrived having enjoyed delicious hors d'oeuvres. When we were presented with the menu, everyone said, "we're eating again?" But we're in New Orleans, right?
Tim's band had already started playing when we got there. We situated ourselves around a long table and enjoyed the music and the ambiance. There were old couples dancing right by the stage. It was adorable.
We started with some wine and cocktails. Then some of us gave in and ordered some food. The three of us that were sitting near each other decided to get a few things and share. We ordered a bowl of gumbo and a plate of the shrimp potato cakes to start with. Then we shared the poisson du jour, which was a red drum in a coconut curry sauce. From taking a quick look at other reviews, it looks like they serve their fish with this sauce pretty often. It was delicious but I kinda wished there was more curry to it. I can understand why they would go with a lighter sauce to please the majority of the folks, but having grown up in Cambodia with a delicious thick coconut curry often involving fish (amok), I wanted more spices. Oh well. It was still very good.
The three of us shared some bread pudding. Bread pudding is something that is new to me. I never thought the name or the idea was appeaing and I'm such a chocolate lover that I mostly ordered other desserts up till now. Well, having moved to NO, I know bread pudding is a big deal here, so I'm giving it a try. The one we had last night was pretty good but I don't really know what good bread pudding is supposed to be, so I can't really judge, but it was pleasant to my taste buds.
We hung out until after the place was closed and the servers were changing out of their work clothes. I even went up on stage and played a song for our group on the piano. It was a good night and Palm Court was the perfect setting for us.
I give 4 stars because the food wasn't amazing, but everything else was great, especially the jazz.Palm Court is a solid place to see music - especially folks like Lionel Ferbos, Tim Laughlin, etc. who work better in an environment such as this which is more focused on the music and limits ambient noise.  In terms of food, Palm Court is average at best - the shrimp potato cake appetizer was cooked well but didn't have much shrimp and was lacking in flavor overall.  The Creole Beef Indienne entree was decent with some nice spice however the Creole Pasta was exceedingly oily and just not very appetizing.  On the good side, food was reasonably priced.  In terms of the wine list it was just okay, as were the drinks which were nothing to write home about - definitely nothing spectacular in either area.
Overall, I will return for music and a drink at some point but definitely not dinner.  For anyone writing that this is the best food they had in NOLA I'm sorry to hear it because the kitchen just isn't great and that probably says more about other mediocrity in the French Quarter than Palm Court being great.  It's a big space which is nice for groups though and the music is always entertaining - please also be aware that you'll have a $5 per person "cover charge" added to your bill which goes directly to the musicians.If you want a real New Orleans jazz experience, this is the place to go.  I have gone here just about every time I visit, and always leave feeling better about the world.
The food has improved, it seems, but that is hardly the point.  You can eat fairly well for far less than you would pay at a fancy place.  The wait staff is friendly, as well, but that's not the reason to come.
Sorry if you can't hear each other talk because of the music.  Know what?  Shut up and listen.  It's not background music.  There are live musicians on the stage, each one a virtuoso.  They are playing for you.  They are seeing you react to the music.  You can go talk to them on their break or after the set.  Watch the people dance.  Put your phone away.  Talk during the breaks.  Don't like paying $5 for hearing living treasures of New Orleans jazz play right in front of you? How do you think they earn a living?  Maybe what you do isn't worth $5.  If you don't think the music is worth $5, please go to TGIF, plug your MP3 player into your head and listen to crap for free or talk to your family there.  This place is unique and survives because there are people who love the music.  No one is getting rich off it.  
If you even think you might like traditional New Orleans jazz, you owe it to yourself to come here and experience it.
Addendum 7/22/2011:  BTW, if you're in to HBO's "Treme", this was the setting for a scene shown this season.Went to New Orleans on spring break and wanted to hear some great music while having a nice meal. First the good things; the music was phenomenal and if you like jazz this is a great place to go. The food was good my boyfriend and I had the pasta and we were both very satisfied.
Now the bad things; the hostess was very drunk and wandering around the restaurant dancing, it was entertaining to watch but not very professional. The food was a bit expensive and we also were not given the best service, perhaps because we are in our early 20s and the typical crowd for the Palm court is older. We also did see the waters and waitresses refilling the bread baskets by reaching into a large trash bag full of bread and taking handfuls with their un-gloved hands. Can you say health code violation! Anyway I'm not too picky and had a good night anyway, would definitely recommend the nut free bread pudding!! It was to die for!I would give it 6 stars. maybe we just had a great night, but food was very good, and music was superb. Six excellent musicians and a superb vocalist.  wonderful classic jazz/American song book. the staff was lovely. the founder/owner is a beautiful, delightful,  experienced woman steeped in music. All together a delightful evening. for dinner & music in an intimate setting,  I don't think you can beat it.I really like the Palm Court. It's a welcoming place and has quite a few local regulars that frequent it's tiny bar to check out the music played by stellar musicians. At the Palm Court it's all about  traditional jazz which attracts and "older" crowd of music aficionados from all over the world who like to dine or sip a well made cocktail while listening to their music. If you're looking for a smoky, down and dirty, drunken, club experience, this is not for you. The Palm Court is more polished than that. The food can be surprisingly good for a place that attracts a majority of tourists and I usually alternate between the Chicken Clemenceau and the Chicken Ambrosia. I had a mushroom soup last night that was passable, but I wasn't crazy about it. But people don't really come to the Palm Court for the food, it's just a nice bonus. They come for the atmosphere. They come for the camaraderie of gathering with like minded people. They come for the music.We went to the Palm Court Jazz Cafe on a tip from a coworker. He is very knowledgeable about jazz and has seen a lot of the greats that are still around. The Palm Court did not disappoint. The music is great and the band was enthusiastic. They obviously love what they do. 
We made a reservation for a Saturday night and although the place was busy, not all the tables were full. The food is very good, but not great. We started with the Palm Court Appetizer plate, which included ginger shrimp, fried oysters, and tiny crab claws. It was good, but a little pricey. For entrees, we jambalaya. It was good, but I have had better. For desert, we had the bread pudding, which was very satisfying. There is better food to be found in New Orleans. Just remember, you are going there for the music. 
It's New Orleans and the music is the best. It's a more old-fashioned jazz. The musicians were talented. We had the opportunity to see Lionel Ferbos with the Palm Court Jazz Band. He is a New Orleans legend at 100 years old. He sang and played the coronet. The rest of the band was made up of local musicians, each with their own band, and very talented.
The service was great, as well. Our waitress was charming and explained the menu to us.  The hostess really got the crowd going with her dancing and clapping. She is an older woman, but had a lot of moves.  She got a lot of the patrons up dancing, as well. It seemed like the crowd consisted of a lot of locals, as many seemed to know each other.
It was just a great evening. The band played three sets starting at 7:30 and ending at 10:30. It was a wonderful evening. We had so much fun! 
The next evening, we were in the area so we stopped in for a couple drinks after dinner hoping to get a table. A couple had just left and we got their table right next to the stage. It was a different group of musicians, but they were very good, as well. Clearly, Fridays and Saturdays are the bigger crowds, but Sunday was great, too.  On Sunday, the hostess announced that everyone had to dance, so we did.
This place is a must when in New Orleans.I took my parents to New Orleans and really wanted them to experience a little Jazz culture. They aren't bar people and standing in line for over an hour for Preservation Hall was out of the question due to health concerns with my mom. 
After doing a little bit of research I decided on Palm Court Jazz Cafe. Old school jazz and a nice dinner sounded like a perfect combination. 
We easily made reservations online and when we showed up 1/2 hour early they still easily seated us without a fuss ( even though we offered to wait). Our waitress was knowledgable and helpful but a little too curt for my taste. The food was mediocre and didn't stand out.  If I was rating this solely on food it would be 3 stars. 
The show was outstanding and the reason I will be back every time I visit this city. We were never made to feel rushed to eat or hurry out the door even when they had a line out the door of people who hadn't made reservations. The band seemed like they were having an amazing time and kept everyone entertained. 
This is a great place to come as a couple or with a family. You won't be disappointed with the show !The only thing that wasn't disappointing was the band. Drink prices are on par with most of the tourist traps. Service is terrible. They're friendly enough but they just aren't around. Everyone at our table had far too many "where is our waiter?" moments. Our entrees took over an hour and a half to arrive. Several people wanted to send food back. The seafood was way over cooked. For the prices of the food there should be some consistency. A decent standard. Every dish was hit or miss. This place is all atmosphere and no substance.We were walking down Decatur and heard the jazz playing from outside... it sounded so good we had to stop in. Best decision we made that night! Great music, good drinks, fast friendly service, perfect atmosphere. 
Great place to have good time with friends and listen to good music... we will definately be coming back!Would be 0 stars if the band wasn't enjoyable. Terrible service and the food was less than desirable. Oh and being forced to give 20% tip despite terrible service and burnt bread pudding added to our disappointment. 
Do NOT try the Sesame Ginger Shrimp app!We ended up here at 945pm after taking a haunted tour.  It seemed to get great reviews so we decided to visit.  Having visited quite a few places while using yelp we thought, "this should be good!".
We ended up waiting to get seated which I expected.  Then were told we would be the last to get seated seeing how they close at 11pm.  The waiter(older gentlemen with gray hair)was dressed nice but seemed upset to sit us down.  We follow him to our table which was not cleared.  He cleared it and brought a stack of silverware and started to toss it on the table.  He tossed our napkins on the table and simply said someone would check on us.  We waited and no one showed.  Needless to say we left a small tip for just sitting us down and walked out.  It was disappointing that the attitude of one employee would make us leave.  If you come here and eat just be careful to not show up near 930ish because you will be treated crappy.Recommended by the same person who suggested Fritzel's and this is actually where we ended up after that lousy experience. Completely different space and vibe here--mostly middle-aged (that's us) to elderly people having dinner and listening to some decent music. These bars definitely play to the tourists--there isn't a tune you won't recognize--but the talent is solid and this is a nice spot if you want to listen to some music. We didn't eat so I can't speak to the food; the menu didn't look like anything special though which is why we ate at Coop's instead.I love love love this spot in New Orleans... A sophisticated but casual Jazz dinner experience. Food is terrific, service is very personable , drinks are great and the band just tops it all off... I don't know if I have a better " do it all" recommendation in New Orleans...authentic cuisine,  authentic music, authentic people! If you are looking for that real jazzy southern hospitality in a lively music oriented joint with traditional  cuisine ... This is the place!This is exactly what we wanted in our New Orleans jazz experience. It's a classy place with authentic cocktails and a great band. It feels like a known spot for locals because everyone seemed to knew each other. I wish more bars and cafes in the French Quarter were like this.What an amazing find! Halloween. Pouring rain. Stumbled in here and heard some amazing Jazz music. Great gumbo and jambalaya to go with. I will definitely visit again when I am back in New Orleans.Palm Court hosts great jazz, with musicians that I see playing Preservation Hall. Good amplification without blasting. Their food is well prepared. I ate there twice, and had dessert and drinks twice, all in a week.  The staff is courteous. The place is clean and pleasant. No tee shirts. Not for partiers. $5 cover.Came here for the music - and was not disappointed. For the Saturday during French Quarter Fest, they need more than two bartenders, one of which was too drunk to help with service. Unimpressed.Informed a friend right at the highlight ending of a song that there is no video taping...how rude! !   Gumbo was cold, and very small in portion...tomatoe n olive salad had 3 tiny black n olives...would come back just for the music tho. And luv the lady owner.  She is passionateHere's the thing:
Nothing at the Palm Court was BAD, per se, but the only thing that was outright  GREAT was the music. 
Lionel Ferbos and his band were absolutely delightful. They don't play the big, flabby, fat bottomed jazz that you'll hear walking around the streets of the quarter, it's tight, traditional jazz - sweet clarinet, trombone, small drum kit, piano, etc. 
So the music was really enjoyable, and the service was pleasant - we were seated promptly and greeted with just the right amount of small talk from our host, who was effusive and kind. Our waitress was sweet, though when I asked her for a recommendation for dinner she was hesitant - "everything is good" might be a safe answer, but it didn't make my decision any easier.
I ordered red beans and rice with garlic chicken. A mistake. I have since learned that beans and rice is really a home cook's dish, and that I likely should never have ordered it at a restaurant. The chicken, while cooked nicely (soft, tender meat, nicely seared skin) was seasoned erratically, with WAY too much garlic (and I love garlic) and what tasted like zero salt. My companion's choice, the crawfish nantua, was significantly better.
Finally, this review would be incomplete without mentioning Nina Buck, the woman who opened the Palm Court back in 1989 - she made her presence very known throughout the evening. While it was nice to see her strolling through the place and saying hello to her regular patrons, she spent a lot of time dancing and singing along with the band. Her enthusiasm, while appreciated, was stealing focus from the music. It really turned me off of the whole experience, and so rather than staying for drinks and dinner and the second half of the band's set, we left. 
If we had to do it over again, we'd have drinks at the bar rather than dinner. It's worth visiting the Palm Court to pay homage to Mr. Ferbos, but not worth the spotty food and distracting dancing from the owner.Come for the music, not for the food. Maybe for the drinks. 
I miss New Orleans. After living in Los Angeles for the past 10 years; I am always in search of food that brings me close to home ; close to New Orleans, close to my heart. As I visited New Orleans again with family; we decided to try somewhere new for dinner. I had some relatives visiting NOLA for the first time and wanted a Jazz experience and dinner. 
When I am down in the quarter; I usually tend to head across the street to Doop's Cafe. The line was insanely long; probably because their food is that good. So; we decided to head over to the Palm. There was no line and the performers on stage really livened things up. I was excited. 
There is probably a reason why it wasn't hard on getting a table. The food is really just that bad. If you are looking to get that New Orleans cooking you been hearing about; don't come here. Go across the street to Doop's. I promise you won't be disappointed. 
Now the reason I gave two stars. Remember that I mentioned that it was easy to get a table. We were seated the moment we walked in the door. Jazz band was playing and top notch talent too. I loved that; but you could have made it like a speak easy or a straight up bar and I am sure you would get a packed house. We got our drink order relatively quick and the food order shortly after. Our waitress was busy and she really did try her best. Yet, there was a hard time getting refills, bread, and condiments to our meal. We constantly flagged who we thought worked there. I ordered jambalaya and was dying to get hot sauce to kill the bland taste out of my mouth. When the check arrived, we didn't know that there was a entertainment charge added to the bill. I don't mind paying this but it was a added gut punch to a already bad meal. 
Here is the final kicker, my cousin visiting from France; first experience watching a live jazz band at dinner takes a photo as we are leaving. We get stopped by the owner or manager and she tells us no photography. She points to a sign, our bad. However, it dawns on me. She had stood behind our table the whole meal. So when we were trying to flag down our waiter over and over, or to try and get our bill for 15 minutes, she couldn't step in to assist? Yet, she popped up like a ninja to moment someone tries to take a picture. It really hindered my cousin's experience in NOLA. Nothing alcohol can't fix. 
In the end, Palms is one of the establishments that take advantage of the emerging tourism boom post-Katrina. Sadly offering a cheeky New Orleans experience to unsuspecting tourists. Most likely will walk right pass them next time.What a great place to have dinner for our first night in New Orleans. 
LIVE Jazz music put us in a soulful mood while we enjoyed our dinner
Sesame Shrimp: 3 stars
portion was very disappointing but it was flavorful
I had the special of the night which was some kind of fish with coconut sauce over it....DEEELICCIOUSSSSS. The coconut was not overwhelming at all, just the right amount of sweetness. I love anything coconuty so I was very happy. 4.75 stars =D
There was a drunk old lady trying to dance (by herself)...YOU GO GIRL. Ok, kinda ruined the mood but was kinda funny to watch.
Note: $10 was added to our bill, probably $5/person? Which was totally worth it for the amazing live musicians.When I came to the restaurant, I assumed that because the food was a bit pricy for what you receive, the cost was due to the live music and ambiance.  Well, the jazz was sub-par at best, and they still charged a $5 cover per person automatically to our bill even though we had a very expensive bill to begin with ($135 for 3 people, expensive for NOLA locals not on vacation).  The band had no improv, no soul, and no feeling in the music.  It's hard to enjoy music from a band that doesn't get any joy from playing it themselves.  I've heard much better jazz in Chicago, let alone in the birthplace of jazz.  They also ran out of french bread.  How do you run out of french bread in New Orleans? Especially in a restaurant that considers itself a higher-class restaurant?  The restaurant was maybe 1/4 full, so it wasn't a particularly large crowd that would explain this, and we were one of the first tables to be served that night.  The food was very overpriced for what you receive as well.  I could get better food at a cafeteria-style restaurant for 1/3 of the price.  Drinks were reasonable, but no cheaper than anywhere else in New Orleans.  It seems I came to an entirely different restaurant than the rest of the past reviewers here.  I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone based on my experience.  There is too much good authentic jazz, good food, and cheap drinks elsewhere in the city to waste your time on this place.Just returned from a vacation in New Orleans and Palm Court was one of our favorite places.  At our table, we had the red beans and rice and a chicken dish with peas and mushrooms (if forget the name), but they were both really good.  One of the best meals we had in New Orleans.  The jazz band was also really good.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because of the noise.  Between the really loud group sitting near us and the loud jazz music, it was really hard to hear my family at the table.Really fun atmosphere.  Off the path a bit from Frenchmen's Road where the other music venues tend to be.  MUCH more space, and it appears they have larger jazz bands then average.  The manager appeared to be working the room to be sure people were getting up to dance and having fun.I took my wife and kids here this evening. Great food. John our server was a great guy. Everyone looked after us and our kids. Great food. Great place and the music. Oh. The music. What more can I say. What a fabulous band. So great to be able to bring the kids to see such high quality music, performed by such talented musicians. 
Thanks to everyone. We will see you when we are back In New Orleans. Great place.This was my favorite place in New Orleans!  We wanted to go somewhere to hear some great live New Orleans music and have a nice dinner, so our concierge directed us here.  I loved pretty much everything about Palm Court -- the food, the music, the drinks.  Everything!  
First of all, the drinks are plenty strong and tasty, as well as reasonably priced.  
The food was delicious.  I had a crawfish dish which was kind of etoufee-ish, but not etoufee.  I wish I could remember the name of it, but that's what I get for waiting almost a month after my visit to write the review.  My husband had some kind of creole, and he was very happy with that.  Our desserts were pretty good, too.  
Service was excellent.  The waitress let us try a taste of one of the soups, because we were not sure if we wanted to order it.  
The jazz band was definitely the highlight of the evening!  So enjoyable!  Yes, there is a $5 cover, but it was worth it.  I would rather pay $5 to listen to real musicians than a crappy cover band at one of our local night clubs for $10.  The leader of this band was 99 years old!  Seriously!  If you look at one of the photos posted by another yelper, there's an elderly gentleman playing trumpet.  I think that was the same guy.  We left after the first set, because we were exhausted.  We really wanted to stay longer.
A "MUST VISIT" while in New Orleans!Wanted a dinner location for a large group with a wide variety of ages and tastes, all from out of town.  Decided, with some reservation, on the Palm Court because of Yelp reviews, and they take reservations online.  
At the last minute our group grew from 15 to 25...  The owner and hostess were incredibly responsive and eager to accommodate.  Especially with such a large group, the service was wonderful.  The food was good, ambiance lovely, and the jazz (house band) was excellent!  Here, you felt like family.  Also, although the music was phenomenal- you could still talk (and hear) those people at your table.Experience: 5 stars
Food: 3.5 stars
Service: 5 stars friendly, attentive, and always made eye contact to see if there was anything we needed.
This is such a cute sophisticated family owned restaurant. The live jazz band was awesome, and each musician had their moment throughout the night to really shine in their performance.
We ordered:
- Chicken gumbo. Sadly this wasn't memorable.  It was OK.
- Crawfish entouette: It had lots of crawfish unpeeled and doused in a not too creamy sauce. It's really good but super filling! It also came with rice pilaf which was just OK too..
- Fish with coconut curry sauce:  This was my husbands FAVORITE meal in all of NOLA!  It's sweet but not overly sweet and just right.
- Bread pudding: It had a lot going on and we felt it was too sugary - would've liked it to be a little simpler..
Our waitress was the best!  She was attentive yet didn't rush us out as got to enjoy the jazz band for hours (there's a $5 fee per person that's added to your bill that goes towards the band)!  If there were a place like this at home, I'd be a regular!The atmosphere here is wonderful break from the loud venues down the street.  The jazz band was versatile and classy.  From soft romantic tunes to virtuoso solos to energetic swing numbers that get the elderly owner dancing up a storm.  
The steak was delicious, though the garlic chicken and beans was all right.This is my favorite spot to eat in the Quarter, and I really like that it's more on the outskirts where it's less crazy. In the three times I've been there's always been great live music. 
I really enjoy the Cajun style food, which is very heavy and deliciously seasoned--the first time I came I ate so much jambalaya I almost puked. 
Even more, the staff is extremely nice and the owner loves to come out and talk. I don't think you'll find a more fun place to get dinner east of Canal!!This was the first place we stopped to listen to music and have a drink.  It was everything I hoped to find for our first night out in New Orleans.  
It had a wonderful old world setting with bumble bee tile, dark wood around the bar and of course some palms. The lighting was low and it was very romantic, however it was just as fun of a place to enjoy with friends.
The band was great and they played a wonderful variety of Dixieland songs.   When I realized my memory for Dixieland jazz was "nitch so gut," the band performed "Fly me to the Moon" even though it was totally out of their usual genre of jazz.  When trumpet player, Mark Braud, sang all the words, it made me very happy.  Thanks guys ;)How is it possible that I am the 1s, err 2nd but still, to review Palm Court?  What is the world coming to... (Copyrights: 1st reviewer !  :D )
I could not agree any better so I had to copy paste her sentence... ;)
What a place ! I am a Jazz fanatic, in a way (because I can not explain my being in Arizona with that statement ), and being here at Palm Court was absolutely a night out at heaven for me and my fiancee... !  I dont quite remember what we had for dinner, but whatever it was, was not any less that awesome... (I think we had Jambalaya and catfish or something of that sorts... )... and spicy Cajun martinis were fantastic too...
And finally but surely, we were lucky enough that there was some kind of a concert gettogether of Jazz musicians the night we went to Palm Court and still could get a table to dine in....and that music they played... Wallah...!! To experience such a beautiful Jazz performance (and free too !) comes rarest of the rare unless you visit New Orleans... and Palm Court, by all means, stands atop the list the best...Our group of five dined here on Thursday Sept 26, 2013. We arrived on time and were seated right away, stage left from the jazz band. This great jazz band/group included brass, piano, drums and from time to time, a vocalist. We had heard that the kitchen was improved and YES it was excellent. All of our items arrived on a hot plate keeping the food hot until the last bite! That's the only way to do it! There was an issue with a bottle of wine-it was replaced with another choice with no issue at all. Great customer service is a hallmark of a great restaurant. Our total cost for five for dinner with one bottle of wine + diet coke + $5 cover charge each + tip was $232.81--very reasonable.
As to the Jazz, it was great that night! Our table was dancing and others joined in. In the end, there were 30 people dancing. We left soon after the last set of jazz. WE highly recommend the Palm Court Jazz Café to all!If you want a "chow down" place where you get to eat really good, sloppy and saucy New Orleans cooking...this is not the place. If you want to meet a client or take a date out in a pristine, clean environment with a bright open feel and "proper" vibe than this is your place. 
Food was bland, but customer service was great and music was decent.Great jazz place that serves solid food.  Red beans and rice were terrific.  The beef stew dish was also very good.  Good salads as well.  Great waitress saw to it that we were never in need of anything.  The hostess/owner was super welcoming and was dancing with everyone, including one of my kids.  The jazz was excellent.  The place was packed on Saturday, not an empty seat so call and make reservations.Friendly and great staff. Live jazz was really great! I am not able to eat gluten and the waiter was very helpful!Absolutely amazing. Loved the vibe and atmosphere of this restaurant. Went on a Sunday night and the band was GREAT followed by great food and drinks.  I ordered the chicken pasta which was good (but a little dry) while a friend had the crawfish and sauce w/ rice and she loved it. Overall great experience.Absolutely perfect last night in NOLA. We arrived 20 minutes early for our reservation because we had to take a can instead of walking in the hot southern rain storm... We were greeted by the owner who gladly sat us and advised our server we would be waiting for our dining partners to join us shortly. The server had dinner and drink menus in hand and water was delivered promptly. Mint Julep was perfectly mixed!! We ordered "cheese sticks" they were very small and not worth $6 but the marinara they were served with was delicious! I had the mushroom and artichoke salad ... Dressing was VERY vinegary and too much was used. Boyfriend had the tomato onion and his was very tasty. He had the steak and it was over done but he still enjoyed it's flavor. I had the pork chop and we all agreed it was the best!!Weird experience.  The woman greeting customers seemed a little "distracted".  She spent a lot of time on the microphone welcoming different groups of diners with long rambling speeches instead of allowing the diners to simply enjoy the Jazz.  In between her impromptu announcements she was dancing with the neighborhood ladies among the dining tables.  The food was OK, but the service was spotty considering the prices.  I heard they were closing for the season so that may have been part of the problem.Food is mediocre at best. The apps we had were frozen fried (cheese balls, potato cakes) and the fish curry was tepid. It was served with 2 plain boiled potatoes and watery steamed broccoli, neither of which had any flavor. Service was spotty and our waiter was more concerned about hanging with the staff by the bar. The only saving grace was that the band was very good (could have used a good vocalist).  All in all.... won't be back.Let me make this very clear: This is a Jazz joint that also happens to serve some pretty decent food. The meal certainly won't be disappointing but, it's not going to make any memories, either. The cocktails were quite good and I enjoyed their rendition of a Pimms Cup.
Did I mention the Jazz is really, really good? We walked through the Quarter for several evenings and didn't find any music as good as it was here. This is exactly the kind of Jazz that people visit New Orleans to listen to.Really great vibe.  Classy joint without being uptight.  Wonderful live jazz.  Imperfectly perfect.This had to be the worst place for music and or a dessert.  My friend and I walked in because it was close to our hotel and ordered drinks and dessert. Well we listened to mediocre music and paid 50 dollars for the worst dessert and a cover charge we weren't informed of. The funniest thing was the two employees walking up and down working the crowd, urging us to clap constantly. We left and found Frenchmen Street. No cover charges and the best damn music in one music venue after another. Just go to Frenchmen street if you want good musicThe most noteworthy aspect of dining at the Palm Court Jazz Cafe is the live jazz music during dinner (obviously). I was here with a friend celebrating an impromptu wedding ceremony, with our reservation having been made just hours before. They happily sat 12 of us near the stage for dinner at 7:00, which I believe is when they open for dinner.
The waitress was very friendly, and took us through a description of every dish on the menu. We had 3 of the appetizer samplers to share with the table, which included ginger shrimp, fried oysters, and tiny crab claws. All the elements were well prepared, although I felt the price was too high for the relatively small amount of food. I would stick to the individual appetizers if I could do it again.
I had creole pasta for my entree, which was essentially jambalaya with linguine instead of rice. The flavors were very dynamic, although I think it was a little too oily, and I might have preferred a little more spice. But the seafood was very fresh tasting, and none of the flavors were too overpowering. The dish was well-balanced. The poisson du jour was a baked snapper, which was the overwhelming favorite dish on the table.
The owner made us feel so welcome here that it's hard to say anything bad about the experience. The restaurant is nice and open inside, and the live music is a nice addition to a group dinner experience. It is fairly loud though, so it will affect your ability to converse.I LOVE the atmosphere here. Excellent service from Brandon and the team and the music was so fun. The drinks are strong and the food is delicious. I highly recommend the shrimp and potato cakes as a starter. Overall it was a great experience.The food was HORRIBLE from the appetizer to the salad to the entree.  And this was true for all four of us!!  $200 down the drain, which probably would've tasted better than their food.  As a side note, we also paid $5 per person for a cover charge.The music was great (and the only saving grace for this restaurant), but Palm Court is still the only decision I regret from our whole trip. 
First off, there's a $5 cover baked into your bill by default, we didn't notice until we sat. Next off, the food is SO expensive for the quantity & quality you get. It's good, but it's absolutely nothing special. Again, SO expensive. On top of the "music fee," we spent much more money than we wanted to.We decided to try Palm Court Jazz Cafe to sample some older jazz music and get a nice meal.
One of the party had the Shrimp Creole which was good and was more more than she could eat in one setting.
I had the Chicken Clemenceau which was my first time with this particular dish. It was excellent and again the portion was more than enough.
They take reservations, which we used for 8:00 pm because that is when the music starts.
The place was not too busy that night and we got a table right next to the stage. Evidently many of the people were from the area and knew each other. They (staff and patrons) treated us like they had known us forever.
We enjoyed some the the NOLA beer which is a good local brew.
The musical group there that night was quite entertaining and professional. They took requests from the audience and performed them flawlessly. The band was knowledgeable of the music and history of jazz in general and New Orleans jazz in particular
That particular night a family was treating a lady to her birthday. I won't say which birthday but this lady still had the energy to dance and enjoy her party even though people her age are usually associated with nursing homes. Since the place wasn't too crowded they shared the cake with everyone.
Although I do like some places on Bourbon St. and the musical venues on Frenchman St. this was the best combination of entertainment and a relaxed good time I have had in New Orleans. The Palm Court has a classy atmosphere without being pretentious. We did dress up a bit as did the rest of the clientele.
This is one place I will visit again and highly recommend it to anyone. The cost for the meals were average for New Orleans. They do add a $5.00 per person music fee but you would pay that and more on Frenchman Street.
    Visited December 2011This rating is for the food only.  The food was bland and a little pricey for what you get.  The ambiance is nice and the music is great, the drinks are good and the bartender knows how to make a great mojito.  Eat elsewhere and come for the music.We had a very nice evening enjoying live jazz while having dinner at this elegant restaurant.  
I loved the atmosphere, especially the mosaic tiled floor and the beautiful mahogany bar. 
The food is a little more expensive than average and as mentioned on the menu, a cover charge for the music ($5 per person) will be added to your bill.
I had the Shrimp Creole and bread pudding for dessert, both were good.  
My only complaint would be about the service, especially considering that the restaurant was not busy on that Sunday evening.  It was very difficult to find our waitress to get water refills, and one of us had to wait for such a long time after we all got our dinners that we thought his food order had been forgotten.
Still, the food was good and I would go back mostly for the atmosphere.How is it possible that I am the 1st to review Palm Court?  What is the world coming to...
This is THE place to see traditional jazz in a comfortable setting.  I mean I love Preservation and all, but it's hot & you have to stand to see anything.  Palm Court is much more civilized.  It's the sort of place you can imagine in a 1940s movie.  
Must admit I've never eaten here only listened to music & had cocktails.I'm giving Palm Court 4 stars because it is a really great music venue. 
We've been here many times, and the musicians are always great. The room is bright, airy, comfortable and friendly . . . and also has great acoustics (and it's not a coincidence, just look at the ceiling and you can tell they built this room for live music).
It is absolutely the best venue in the French Quarter to hear live traditional New Orleans jazz and have a comfortable meal.
As to the food. The good - the service is always friendly and good. The tables are comfortable. The food itself can best be described as adequate - it's not bad, but it certainly is not exceptionally good. With the exception of the fruit dessert, which is a puréed chilled cantaloupe soup with bananas, grapes and strawberries - healthy, tasty and refreshing!
We always have a great time at the Palm Court!Chicken and beans had no seasoning and they can't handle separate checks. If here on business, don't go unless each person sits at separate tables or one person pays for everyone!The music was good - came here with a group - had better service at convention banquet and food - the other THING IS 3 FOR A COKE EACH TIME WAITRESS FOR GOT TO GROUP NO FREE REFILLS - 3 cokes = 13 dollars with tipGreat food, great music, great service . 
Chef even came out to greet ! Such a gem in NOLA highly recommend.This establishment was by far the worst experience in Nola. 
Service: 
0/5 had to wait about 5 minutes to even get acknowledged at the door, even though the restaurant was essentially empty. The waiter was not attentive at all. I had to ask for bread for the table because our salads came before the bread. The waiter did not even bother to ask if something was wrong with our food (party of 4- we only ate the broccoli off of our plate). We had to pour the bottle of wine we purchased ourselves. "Casual elegant" (as noted on the menu) is definitely not appropriate. 
Atmosphere: 
0/5 There is no atmosphere. 
Music: 
2/5 The band, although a house band, was mostly out of tune. The sound system was not appropriate for the space. They did not need microphones. The only reason why they get 2 and not 0 because I enjoyed the voice of the gentleman who sang. 
Food: 
0/5 This was the most appalling meal I have had in years. The tomato salad with olives and "fresh basil" was 6 slices of tomatoes (yea I counted), a few strips of onions, 5 olives, and haphazardly included basil debris. I could not even touch my Jambalaya. It tasted like burnt rice cooked in a tire of a pickup truck while driving across the country. I GUESS the sausage was tolerable, and I couldn't even bring myself to try the shrimp. 
I was told that the creole beef was "the spiciest meal on their menu" but obviously the Jambalaya was much more spicy. 
I tried the said creole beef ... it should have been called "non-spicy Indian beef Masala". 
Wine: 
5/5 The wine was good- because it was bottled and purchased from another establishment and was not tampered with by this glorious place. 
Moral of the story is, $200 later, four people are leaving incredibly famished with scratched up ear drums.This was the highlight of my trip to New Orleans! Thanks to the concierge at the hotel, she pointed us to this wonderful restaurant with amazing musicians. Will definitely go back again.An interesting place with good music and food. During my visit I had the Red Snapper and tried few bites of the ribeye. Both were tasty so i believe it's worth the visit. The service was ok but it looked like they can do better if they add one more help. Atmosphere wise, the L shaped seating allows to have good convo while enjoying some great jazz music. Note there is a $5 per person music charge as posted at the entrance.The food and jazz here deserve 5 stars on their own, but the portion size and service brought this review down a notch. 
It seemed many of the patrons in the front of the cafe were there just for drinks and the jazz. Cool. There were plenty of spots in the back of the cafe for us to eat, imbibe and soak up the tunes. At first impression, our waiter was a nice guy and consistent with keeping on top of our drinks. As the meal went on, that started to change a bit. 
We ordered a few appetizers to share, and thankfully it was a few. The portions on the apps were very small for $9 a pop. The upside is that they were actually quite tasty, so why not indulge a bit. 
For the main course, I ordered the Chicken Clemenceau. It was two small chicken breasts, not trimmed of fat (ugh, connective tissue!) and served with a mix of potatoes, mushrooms, and peas in a light sauce. After trimming the meat, I was ultimately happy with the flavors. 
As I mentioned, the dwindling service standard began after our meals were delivered. We had to ask for refills on water, and saw the server less and less. Eventually, once we were all finished eating, he came around again and asked if we wanted dessert. We declined. He said he would bring the check. We asked for the check to be split and were given attitude about it. He went off and returned a few minutes later with a dollar amount on a server ticket. Just a dollar amount. I laughed thinking it was a joke, but sadly it was not. We told him we would need an itemized bill for work and he said he'd take care of it. He brought us copies of the original ticket he wrote out. Joy. 
In addition to the meal, there is a cover per person for the live jazz. For two people to eat, have an appetizer, one drink a piece, and an entree you should expect to drop a crisp Benjamin on the bill. That's all I got to say about that.We called to make the reservation for 10 people and they were very accommodating.  We got there at opening 7PM and our table was ready. I was excited about all the GF options in the menu and they did not disappoint. I had the flash fried crispy crawfish tails and a tomatoe onion & olive salad w fresh basil. Both dishes were tasty but very small. I would have also liked a better presentation since the place gives such an awesome stylish vibe.
My husband ordered the crawfish pie which he loved. All my friends finish everything on their plates. Everything was delicious.
Everyone was friendly and the music was right on point. It was classic New Orleans jazz which we enjoyed dancing. So much fun!!!
The only bummer was the music cover of $5 per person even though you are having dinner there. I don't understand it. I think it would be different if you were going in for just the music. But hey! The place is so fun I guess its worth it.
Our bill came to about $450 for 10 people which comes to $45 per person. 
We will probably go back when friends come to visit.Wow! Great music!
We came on a Saturday night around 10pm. We had already eaten dinner so we went to the bar to listen to get drinks and listen to live music. A guy at the bar told us that this is the best place to listen to dixie jazz...He had visited from the OC, but fell in love with New Orleans and never went back.
The restaurant wasn't very busy so we got to sit down at a table with our drinks. The music was lively and fun. I never knew the clarinet could sound so good. The old man who sang was also so cute. There is a little dance floor if you care to dance.
We got a hurricane and a gin martini for a total of $12. Cheap drinks! The place also doesn't charge cover, but you can leave a tip for the band.Pricey!  We just came to watch the music, but ordered chocolate mousse (was a hard consistency)..I got me some vino..I don't like jazz but am thoroughly enjoying myself!!!!  Must come At least for the music.  Starts at 8pm!Food so-so and definitely overpriced for the flavor and the portions. 
Wait staff so-so.  Definitely not friendly and barely checked on us. 
Drinks overpriced for tiny, tiny glasses.  My "hurricane" came in a glass that was basically the size of a double shot glass.  
The music, however, was very good.  We came on a night that the "Palm Court Jazz Cafe Band" was on stage.  I would have to say that this was the only good thing about this restaurant.  But, with this being my first time in NOLA, I don't know how any of this compares to other restaurants and musicians.I love the jazz music by Lars Edegran & Topsy Chapman w/ Palm Court Jazz Band.  Their food is excellent, don't know why people said the food isn't that great from Yelp.  I see the food is great, very tasty and better than most places. Would come back for cajon seafood. Excellent service also.Great spot if you are looking for amazing jazz! 
After strolling some streets and realizing that there is nothing but dirty bars with some live music and occasionally jazz here and there, we accidentally stumbled upon this spot after almost loosing all hope of getting a legitimate jazz experience in NOLA.
This place started its jazz band at 7:30, perfect dinner time and does a full menu service while you enjoy the performance! 
Food: was so so- they can definitely up their game to match the great music experience. The bread and the wine glasses could do some major work to make it fit the environment.. 
I got the fish of the day and the rest of my family got steaks and gumbo! Overall not bad! 
Go and make reservations for 7:30 if you want good live music for several hours!This is the ultimate music place in the Crescent City to see local musicians and hear some great Jazz. And from the musicians who have produced this unique music for a lifetime. 
It is also a restaurant and the service is very attentive. The entire experience here is very upbeat. Food is acceptable but you really don't go here for a gourmet meal. It is for the music.
Located in the lower end of the Vieux Carré I find the parking lot across Esplanade Ave. and the old U. S. Mint to be ideal. The walk is just a couple of blocks away and in a well lit lot.