We went back to Parasol's the day we left NOLA and it got even better. This time I had the firecracker shrimp po boy - with a little hot sauce added - and the onion rings. It was marvelous. I might have made me a prime candidate for a coronary, but it was fantastic - yummy, spicy, well-stuffed sandwich. And the rings were not greasy, delish batter (but also not overbearing batter), plus chipotle mayo for dipping, were all outrageously good.Bang Bang Shrimp Po-Boy Boy and Pot Roast Po Boys were excellent. The bar tender was friendly and the beers were cold. It was worth the 30 minute street car ride there. It will be on my list to visit again next time we're in NOLA.This place has scary women manning the front. The po boy was good though. Don't piss them off, they aren't friendly women. Oh and the firecracker shrimp po boy was pretty goodGet the gravy fries they are SO good a great hole in the wall for the adventurous it has definitely set higher standards for po boys  if you walk into a bar first the restaurant is upstairsThis place has been on the tv show, Diners, Drive-ins and Dives.I have been here twice. Once in June 2014 and then again in January 2015.  Not much for ambience, more like dive, but the food is really good. Wait....I retract that, the food was great! First visit was red beans and rice with the soft shell crab po' boy. WOW! The po' boy was killer! Rice and red beans, outstanding. 
Second visit. I had the roast beef po' boy. I was good, but being from Chicago I have a pretty high expectation of a beef sandwich whether it be an Italian or roast beef. My daughter had the fire cracker shrimp po' boy. Now this had WOW factor. If you get the chance, stop in and bring your hungry .Parasol's is one of the great New Orleans places that seems like it is frozen it time.  A lot of people know it for its St. Patrick's Day party where the green beer is flowing and the crowds are huge.
I like going there to grab a roast beef po-boy and some fried pickles.  I hadn't been there in a while but it was still great although they were out of fried pickles so I had to settle for cheese fries.  It is a little off the beaten path but worth seeking out.  If you go for the fries, I suggest a side of gravy for dipping.  Some people like the gravy on top but then the fries start floating.Im still thinkin about that firecracker shrimp po boy like a year later! Bartenders were great too!!Delicious!  THE PHONE NUMBER ON THIS PAGE IS WRONG!!!!  The actual number to Parasol's is (504) 302-1549. 
Get the Firecracker Shrimp Po Boy!The Richest Boy. 
Best po boy in New Orleans. Hands down. Going to keep this one simple so as to keep with the theme of Parasol's. 
Crusty, flaky baguette. Mounds of fried shrimp overflowing. Dressed simply, but scrumptiously. 
The food speaks so well for itself, they actually hide the restaurant in a secret room of a bar, and people still manage to flock their way inside.
Congrats Parasol's. I had eaten at all the top Po' Boy contender restaurants in the city, and yours was by far the richest. 
- YelpOHeaded here to get some local flavor after hearing about this place on DDD. The episode that it was in was funny because Guy didn't seem to really like how Jeffrey did things but we wanted try it out :)
We were greeted by Jeff himself and we were able to chat it up with him the whole time we ate here. He is a really nice guy and as all of the locals stopped in, you could tell they all loved him and his place. He has owned it for 11 years (he bought it from the original family who owned it). Jeff was even nice enough to give us some suggestions for the best live Jazz to go listen to on a weekday!
We had to try the infamous Roast Beef Po-Boy. It was really different. It was more like a Sloppy Joe style instead of sliced meat you would think of, it had good flavor though. 
I asked about the Boudin Balls and he was nice enough to bring some out to us to taste. They were my favorite thing there!! They were so different and really tasty. 
This is a true Dive bar with a jukebox, a few casino electronic games and plastered walls with posters and stickers. Walls covered in sports pick grids too so this would be a great sports bar if you wanted one.
I know we would go back here when we are back in NOLA, thanks Jeff!the best roast beef po boy you will ever wraps your hungry lips around!  the rest of the menu (for a bar) isnt bad either and the staff there is really cool and make you feel like a regularI can't type, I'm in ecstasy.  Fried oyster PoBoy.  Quick service in a busy place with amazing flavor?  I.will.be.back!Dive bars the wide world wide, eat your freakin' hearts out; this is the high dive.  Here's the best place in The Big Sleazy to stay a few hours and get obliterated.  Any hour of the the day, there is diverse (and sometimes downright freaky) clientelle.  Sometimes the tenders are grumpy/sometimes jolly, but they are always pouring generous helping of the spirits.  Say hi to Frankie and Kim for me. Frankie's the evening bartender.  Kim's a regular (well, so am I for that matter, so say hi to me).  Boys and girls, here's the lowdown: It's as local as it gets, just a great neighborhood joint with swell company, a choice jukebox, and quite tasty bar food.  Uber-highly recommended!I just love the divey atmosphere of this restaurant that is attached to the bar. I walked into the restaurant by going through the bar, but there is an entrance from the side street as well. I didn't notice that until I was already in there and seated.
So you basically just walk in and order at the counter and seat yourself wherever you'd like. I love the old timey checkered tablecloths and that the condiments are housed in an empty six pack Bud Light carton. Speaking of condiments, they had four (four!!!) bottles of different hot sauce on every table. How awesome is that! I love hot sauce and I love having a choice as to which I want to use on any given day. I have also learned from a good friend that mixing Tabasco and Crystal together is the bomb. I was so impressed by the four different sauces that I actually actually took a picture of them. Heehee.
I ordered the firecracker shrimp Po boy. It was described as fried shrimp tossed in a special spicy sauce of theirs and then put on and dressed like a traditional fried shrimp poboy. That sounded pretty interesting and delicious so I went ahead with that one. I wasn't really impressed with the poboy. In my opinion the sauce didn't really add anything to the fried shrimp. Fried shrimp are really good by themselves and even though the concept sounded good it just fell short. I will most likely come here again, but I'd try the roast beef when I do.
If you're looking for a new poboy place to try, then head to Parasol's.Wow.  What a hidden gem.  This place is in a residential neighborhood and the building is very unassuming. Just a neighborhood bar and a cafe in the back area,  but the food is amazing.  Better than some of the finer restaurants in NOLA.  The firecracker po boy was on point,  the red beans and rice was delicious,  and the fried onion rings were tasty.  My husband had the catfish basket and he kept saying that he eat that again and again! I miss this place/food already.  Loved how friendly and hospitable everyone was there.It breaks my heart to leave this review. I've been going to this place for my entire adult life and every time it's just a little more of a let down. I feel like the first time I went to Parasol's was life changing. The last time I was in NOLA it was a let down. This time the bread was stale and the shrimp over cooked. Sadly, I will have to let Parasol's go. RIP! (All that said - the people there are wonderful. LOVE!)Awful. When you walk in your mind will scream LEAVE. Please go with your gut and get far away from this place. Dark. Dingy. Musty. Dirty. The ceiling is literally sagging from roof water leakage and the place smells of mold. Trusting reviews I stayed and ordered a large shrimp poboy and my partner ordered a late firecracker poboy with cheese and gravy fries to split. Poboys were average. The firecracker is basically shrimp tossed in buffalo sauce. The de bris gravy was so salty we threw it in the trash. I would give this place 0 stars. But what earned a 1 star was the tea. Best tea I've had from a "restaurant". Stay. Away.Uptowners love this place, and the food is right on.  Good prices and friendly service, this is the epitome of a neighborhood hotspot.  Sometimes they host block parties that are totally worth checking out if you catch one.The place look so dodgy and dirty when we walked in. We just thought about the reviews and wanted to give it shot. Best gumbo we ever tasted. Tried the pulled pork and shrimp sandwiches! Wow! Everything was so tasty! So if ure not the prim proper diner and are a real foodie, give this place a shot!A hidden gem for sure. If you're coming just to eat, make sure to use the door that says 'restaurant entrance' or else you might walk into the bar downstairs. 
kind of small shabby interior, but don't let it fool you. the poboys are so good. catfish poboy was soft and flavorful, and the firecracker shrimp poboy is what you should get if you already love the regular shrimp poboys (fried and tossed in a spicy mayo hot sauce). My favorite part about the sandwich was the bread it came with ( you can choose whichever bread you want, but if you don't specify they'll automatically put it on that one). If you and a friend want the same poboy, i recommend splitting a large. they're massive and a half is sure to fill you up, and the value is great. 
a perfect last meal for us as we ended our NOLA visit!We went to Parasols on Memorial Day weekend to try the roast beef po- boy. When we got there, the rest . had 2 tables waiting for food. We placed an order and was told it would be 40 minutes before we cold get our lunch. We ended up waiting so long that we had our money refunded and went to the Adams Street grocery for lunch. The kitchen at Parasol's was highly unorganized. The cook had no clue what he was doing. This is New Orleans. You should not have to wait almost an hour for a po-boy sandwich.The menu was full of local favorites, so they need to step the game. I was really disapointed.Great little dive with everything you need and nothing you don't: there's a jukebox and friendly bartenders. Wide variety of bottles and cans, including local brews, and a handful of taps. When we stopped in mid-afternoon the day after Mardi Gras, it was cash-only. There isn't a ton of seating in the bar, so think twice before coming with a big group. 
We didn't have time or the stomach space to eat, but wish we'd saved room!Can't knock this place, they definitely know how to make a po boy. Came here with a friend for lunch and was a little skeptical once we walked in. Kind of grungy and depressing on the inside but the kitchen smelled delightful so I went ahead and decided to order a roast beef po boy. It was pretty stinking good. Mounds and mounds of roast beef covered in dripping gravy on top of fresh French bread made this thing delectable.When I came to my senses and moved back to New Orleans after spending six years in frigid Chicago, I remember driving with my father through his old neighborhood, (me) looking for a place to stay and (he) reminiscing reminiscing about bygone days and good times past.  We drove down Constance, passed Third, and he pointed and said, "... that's where we used to go drinking when we were teenagers...."  Well, I was sold.  I moved into a place nearby and ate roast beef and oyster po-boys at Parasol's as often as reasonably possible.  I described to visiting friends the service at the kitchen window as "a surly, short-tempered, state of perpetual hangover," but the food overshadowed any flaws, any rust on the hinges, any grime on the floor, any crumbs on the table.  
Last year, like many others I'm sure, I faithfully followed the transplanted misfit kitchen crew (and their roast beef) down the block to Tracey's.  But each visit was oddly and almost imperceptibly unsettling -- each meal bittersweet because I had to purposefully delude myself into thinking that the food was as good as before the move.  (Is a po-boy, like wine, that dependent on set and setting?)  But whether it be our Saints or our po-boy shops, loyalty matters, right?  Forgive me -- hour wait? menu items crossed off? higher prices? lower quality? -- but my hunger got the best of me and I walked the block to give the new Parasol's a try.
And a great decision that was.  Bloody mary topped with a splash of Guinness, bag of Zapps, some good-natured banter at the bar, and some fantastically tender roast beef (even if the bread was a little over-toasted).  It's like reconnecting with an old friend - you've both changed but you're both better for it.  I'm coming back soon.  Maybe my dad will come along, too.  Thanks, Parasol's.Good whiskey selection. Good prices. Good folks. Food is all-right, but goddamn, you can't have everything all the time. Or as my pappy said, "Take what you get and run like the wind." That is the secret to life, my friend.Another amazing hole in the wall!  Roast beef poboy is legendary.  A true gem in the Irish quarter.The St. Charles streetcar was not working due to construction, and we did not think of taking a bus, so we ended up WALKING about 40-45 minutes from our hotel on Canal to this restaurant in the Garden District. But it was worth it. During our trip we ate at Commanders, Acme, Royal House, and Domenica, and the meal at Parasols was the best we had.
I got the roast beef and it was BY FAR THE BEST PO' BOY I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE. There are no words to describe how good it was. Messy, gooey, sloppy, but incredibly good. When I ordered the waitress said "this will be one of the best sandwiches you have had." She was wrong. It was THE best. My mouth waters just thinking about it. 
The wife got the smoked pulled pork po' boy and it was THE best pulled pork and best po' boy of her life. We like Parkway, but this place is better. 
The one criticism is that service is quite slow. But ultimately worth the wait. 
On the return trip back to the hotel we finally got smart enough to take a bus. 
This is now #1 place to return on each and every trip to New Orleans.LOVED IT! It was a tiny little local dive bar. There were a few other tourists that had wandered in, but it didn't take away from the friendly local flavor.
Billy was super awesome! My husband had his first Irish Car Bomb which he said was the bomb. I ventured into the land of moonshine. YES I said MOONSHINE!
The kitchen was out of red beans AND gumbo. But I enjoyed my fried shrimp basket and my husband loved his pulled pork po'boy.
Our time at Parasol's is one of our favorite times of the trip.
It might just be 'cause you can't get a cheap drink in L.A., but the prices were awesome too!What a funky little place. We came here for lunch on our last day in New Orleans and I am glad that we were able to see a different neighborhood (we stayed off Magazine - about 1 mile away and close enough to walk but it was hotter than hades and we were hungover). The Irish Channel is super cute and definitely worth a look, and save your appetite for a humongous poboy at Parasol's!
I will mention that it's not the most 5 star dining. You might want to take it to go if you are big on ambiance. The sandwiches are HUGE. My boyfriend and I split the large roast beef poboy and an order of fries (asked for a small but they accidentally dropped a large - so they gave us lots!) and it was too much for both of us to finish. They really do not skimp here.
The roast beef is good, tender and juicy, and covered, like smothered, in gravy which soaks into that delicious poboy bread they only seem to carry in the south. Combine that with the mayo and iceberg lettuce and I was in heaven. The boyfriend not so much - he doesn't like getting messy when he eats. Plus was annoyed that the roast beef was SO BIG it wouldn't stay inside his bread. Princess.
If you want an authentic New Orleans experience and some delicious food, come on down to Parasol's and stay to check out the 'hood.Visited New Orleans and just before we left we saw Parasol's on Diners Drive in's and Dives so we decided to visit while we were in town and we were not disappointed! Although this is a small neighborhood bar restaurant it was high quality food and high quality atmosphere. We got the roast beef PoBoy sandwich and a fire cracker shrimp PoBoy sandwich along with a side of fries with gravy. Each entree had great flavor and was fresh and a great value. The roast beef was tender and juicy and the shrimp was crisp and flavorful. The French fries were crispy and with the gravy added to it took them over the top. Jenny was a great bartender and the owner Carl was there and made us feel like we were at home with a warm and welcome visit.  I would definitely recommend this to place to any one who wants good food and a welcome atmosphere.First time trying a po boy so I do not have a comparison. It was good. The roast beef needed a little salt. It would be nice to have a some hot sauce to enjoy it with besides Tabasco. Bartender was rude.Large portions and very affordable. I had a little bit of everything. Po boy roast beef, gravy fries , potato salad sundae, and omg the chicken strips. All fresh and full of flavor, a big ol mouth orgy. Yes I would come here again and yes I would recommend to all my friends and family. Keep an eye out on the cake lady who comes in selling homemade cake slices.Delicious po-boys. I had the roast beef. Perfect onion rings (not greasy). Great lunch place. Everyone around us was happy too.We were not in the know, so we entered through the bar, 5 year-old in tow.  Up the stairs and there we were.  The restaurant is in what surely was the upstairs bedroom space of somebody's house a long time ago -- and with the low ceilings and just a little natural light from one window, it feels like it.  Parking in this mostly residential area is hard to come by.
We ordered the firecracker shrimp sandwich, the roast beef and red beans.  
Firecracker shrimp was decent -- a bit of a zing but not crazy.  
The roast beef was alright -- it is very very very very messy and is probably best eaten with a fork and knife.  It was definitely tasty, but nothing I cannot live without.  
The bread was perfect -- soft and chewy.
The fries were above average in texture and taste.  
Now, the red beans........it took my tasting it to figure out why the little one wanted more of what we were having than what was on her plate.  I know people have rated them high, so maybe there were having an off day, but I tell you honestly, they were the absolute worst red beans I've ever had.  The only word I can think of is mold.  You know what moldy food smells like -- I've never eaten moldy food, but I've smelled it -- and these beans tasted like what moldy food smells like.  
I'm glad we tried it, but unless my sister lived next door to it, I'd never make it a food destination.I was a vegetarian when I lived in this town, in 2001. Sure, Parasol's in those days was known for the pleasant aromas of the roast beef poboy that would waft out of the kitchen and fill your nose when you walked in, as much as it was known for the other nose-fillers available in darker corners of the pub. Now that I'm no longer a)vegetarian or b)a drunken college student that would't be able to wax poetic about, much less remember the nuances of fine pub grub, I decided to revisit what used to be the seedy Irish Channel, where the streets are paved with cabbage and green, vodka-laced jello once a year. Well...seedy? Not so much, anymore. I can't get over how Magazine street and environs looks like a cafe strip in So Cal. Ahhhhh well, what are you gonna do? The owners have moved on to Tracy's on Magazine, and brought many of their less scandalous trademarks with them. So, its still a cozy, divey-looking spot. Looks like people would be copulating and snorting in the latrine, on the right night. But I'm here for a sammich. And a beer. I found this "PBR", that the kids love, to be a very sufficient gullet lubricator and appetite stimulant; and I figured two more goblets of discount hipster-nectar would lead me to the right sammich like a seedy, liquid divining rod. Or, this being New Orleans, the bartender will actually take time to talk to me, unsolicited, and I can glean some inside information. So, no longer a vegetarian, but I still am not intrigued about roast beef poboys. What could be so so special? I'm in New Orleans. Seafood, pork, game, etc. rain supreme. I couldn't help it--shrimp; firecracker shrimp? Like a BBQ shrimp/fried shrimp hybrid. Crispy and spicy, in a poboy?? Mike, the bartender, tells me its his favorite. I'm sold! Zapp's, Cajun crawtators-flavored kettle-cooked chips? Sold. Another fine draught, the color of well-hydrated peeee, sir? Sold! I walked out of there, only about $12 lighter, buzzed, and blissed out on sammich. Go here and get the firecracker shrimp.I was staying just down the block, so I thought Id try the infamous Parasol's. I chose the BEEF Po Boy, and got extra gravy/debris on the side.  The PO Boy was just okay. The beef / debris wasn't very flavorful at all, as I had one from Seersucker Restaurant that was excellent.My favorite place to go to for a roast beef poboy in New Orleans. It's a total dive bar/restaurant with cheap drinks and friendly staff. Be sure to get some french fries too. I highly recommend this place if you're looking to feel like a local in New Orleans.
It's a few blocks away from Magazine Street too. For sure check this place out if you're in the area.Don't be a fool like we were and walk into the bar which is small, cramped and full of people smoking filthy cigarettes and think that's the restaurant.  After our tour of New Orleans ended I hit up Yelp! to find this place but one look at the god awful bar full of smokers and we were heading on out.  Our tour guide however pulled up just then in his sports car and told us he was eating there.  When I mentioned the smoking he explained to me that was the bar and the restaurant was smoke free...whew...well back inside we went. I was boosted by the fact that our tour guide, a local, was eating here.
So went back in to a very, very small area which seats about 10-12 maybe(?) and were able to quench our thirst with some free ice tea and water they keep over by the restrooms.  Speaking of the restrooms, they do have nice, clean restrooms but whoah boy are they tiny, as a big guy of 6 foot and 250 pounds (ok 265 pounds, LOL) I was barely able to turn around in there.  Anyways, the way it works is you grab a table, get in line, place your order (they do take credit cards btw) and then they come out later with your food and yell your name to bring it to your table.  
The special of the day was soft shelled crab Po' boy for $15...which is pretty expensive but then maybe $15 is a Bill Gates type Po' boy because $15 would be nothing for Bill Gates eh?  and the other special was Boudin Balls, which I had no idea what that was but I ordered both of the specials as the Boudin Balls sounded very exotic and New Orleans so I figured I'd give them a try.  We tacked on an extra order of hot wings just for good measure and went back to our table to cool down, hydrate ourselves and wait for our chow.
After a good long wait, probably near 30 minutes (the place got slammed by tourists after the tour ended in their defense) we got our hot wings.  Boy were they fantastic!  Have to dock them some points though for no ranch, the guy said they only carry Bleu cheese.  I thought that was surprising as nearly every restaurant carries ranch dressing but not a huge deal to me (it was my fiance though who loves ranch dressing with her wings).  The wings were huge, meaty and appropriately sauced.  They were really not hot at all though so if you are looking for some heat this ain't the place.
About 10 minutes later our soft shelled crab Po' boys and Boudin balls arrived.  Holy cow was the Po' boy huge!  I guess for $15 it oughta be but it was mammoth.  One bite into it and I knew I was in love.  Soft shelled crab is not anything I'd ever tried before but I immediately loved it and was glad that I had ordered it.  The sandwich was so big the only way I could finish it was to eat half of it then for the second half I just ate the crab itself and a tomato and left the rest of the bread and lettuce behind.  The Boudin balls were incredibly good, some sort of sausage and a tad spicy and I'd definitely order them again.  They were incredibly filling though so don't order them unless you're either pretty hungry or are willing to get a box to go.
The guy who took our order was super friendly and really nice but the woman (girl) who brought out the order seemed to be all sourpuss about something.  I asked her if we could have some more ketchup (or something, I can't recall) and she scowled somewhat and yelled back at the kitchen to get it...it's a reason for me deducting a star; I felt somewhat uncomfortable with the attitude.  Perhaps I just caught her on a bad day but sometimes you only get one chance to make a first impression and mine of her was not very good.  
All in all though the place is the bomb, awesome food, a real gem to find and once again Yelp! comes through here for me.  Definitely go here if you're in the area, but don't mistake the bar for the restaurant and be prepared for a bit of a wait for your food...but in the end the wait is well worth it!!Make sure you don't eat before you come here. Not for the day but a week. Between my friend and I, we ordered alligator bites, a large half and half (shrimp and oyster) po boy and pork skins. It was like I'd died and gone to fried food heaven where everything was crusted in a delicious fragrant crispy skin. We left after demolishing only half of the feast, fully satiated. 
A few blocks away, there's a bar called Terry's where they shuck oysters on the street. Perfect end to the fried meal. MmMmmMmmm. Or you could amble over to sucre and leisurely lick your way through two scoops of gelato.My girlfriend and I just moved in a few blocks away and decided to walk there last night for some late dinner and drinks.  Oh man... I ordered the gravy (with meat debris) and fries po-boy and if the kitchen hadn't just closed I would have ordered another!!! The gravy was on point, the bread was perfectly toasty, and my vegetarian girlfriend even looked like she wanted to get busy with my meal. She kept asking, "Does THAT bite have meat on it?" At which time I would hand over bits and pieces of my sandwich for her to try.  After our meal we slammed down two shots of SoCo, a couple beers, and walked home.  No fuss, no muss, just a chill place to eat, drink and be merry.  I will be returning soon for a second date with my boo.... I meant the sandwich, not my girlfriend.Just left this DIVE.. it was recommended by our tour guide so my boyfriend looked them up and saw the many great pics, well he failed to read the recent reviews.  This place was not worth the TIP!!... I applaud the attempt to be unique with garlic toasted reviewers sandwich.  As with the other reviewers, this place definitely needs a FULL cleaning.  The tables were only cleared, not CLEANED.  The staff were nice and helpful but really need help in the cleaning department.  I would not recommend this place because it just wasn't worth it.  By the way, it looks nothing like the two shows it had been previously aired on.  They obviously cleaned the place prior to each show!!!A friend who used to live around the corner took me here. She ordered three different poboys, roast beef, shrimp, and oyster. They were all good (had to get the leftovers togo). I'll definitely be back for more roast beef and shrimp. The bar and restaurant are separated but if you want a drink while you're eating just use the little pass thru window to order - makes me think about prohibition... I can't wait to go back...Thank you yelpers for guiding us to this hidden gem! We were walking around the Garden District, admiring the architecture of the beautiful homes as our bellies were growling! Everyone is right come and get a Po' boy, best we had. We tried Bbq beef, fried softcrab, and roast beef. I LOVED the soft crab po' boy. The fat girl within was very happy that day =)
Con: service wasn't so great, it was even a bit awkward, be ready for locals to recognize you as NOT one of them, and kinda ignore you.Our first authentic, and easily best meal of the trip. We hopped off one of those tour buses, starving for food and Yelp directed us to Parasol's - as soon as I saw the dingy outside of the place, I knew it was going to be great. 
I had the firecracker shrimp po boy - which apparently is a Parasol's specialty, because I was looking for firecracker shrimp every other place we went - alas, it wasn't meant to be - but the one sando I did have here? Heaven, and I Will go back if I find myself back in New Orleans.
Other people in the group raving about their meal had the Roast Beef and Oyster Po BoyWe found Parasol's several years ago and always look forward to going there when we are in town. We adore their roast beef po boy and my husband is also a big fan of the firecracker shrimp po boy. 
On this trip, we decided to put the Parasol's vs. Tracey's roast beef po boy rivalry to the test, eating at Tracey's one day and Parasol's the next. Let me be clear: there is no competition here. Parasol's roast beef po boy kicks the crap out of Tracey's. Hands down. I would never go back to Tracey's, but Parasol's is a must for any trip we make to New Orleans.Only for the brave or true foodies to eat-in.  When we were waiting for our take out I was reading the reviews on the wall and one said something like it was kind of skeezy by New Orleans standards.  
Get the roast beef po-boy and a fried oyster po-boy.  I've never gotten anything else, okay a friend shrimp.  If you don't see them on the menu, look closer they are listed as shwimps and ersters.  Har de har har.  
Obviously I gave it 5 stars because the food is outta sight.This neighborhood restaurant and bar may look like an Irish Channel dive (and it is).  That being said, LT and I loved it.  There is no better Roast Beef Po-Boy in New Orleans.  I ordered a side of fries (topped with roast beef and gravy) to go along with it and I wound up taking most of my meal home.  Just the fries was enough for a meal and I'm 6'4, 275 pounds.  Next time, I'll be ordering the firecracker shrimp because I've heard it's so awesome....but it's going to be hard pulling myself away from the roast beef.The gumbo was 5 stars, very tasty.  The roast beef po boy was 3.5 stars.  The gravy was good but some of the beef was a little tough.  Still good though but would get a different po boy if we came back.Drove 100 miles out of the way after watching a show on the Food Network. Walked in with a party of 6 for some po boys. Some kid walks out of the kitchen and tells my nephew he can't have his support dog. He doesn't want to meet my nephew without his support dog... Showed him Boo's I.D. but still no go. You can't have a dog in here. It's Louisiana! Pretty sure the A.D.A. applies in Louisiana.As we approached the rather plain looking building, I said "this place has to be good." Of course, this led to my wife giving me a reproachful look and correctly commenting that "you always think a place is going to be good if it looks like a hole in the wall." She's right, but luckily, this place fit my rather odd view of restaurants, as they Po Boys were some of the best that I've ever had.
Parasol's is a rather plain looking place, with not much going on inside. There is a TV blaring in the corner, but an interesting little window to order drinks from the bar (the bar and the restaurant are separate). I'll get to the bar later.
Parasol's was great, if a bit slow. We got there during the lunch hour and had to wait about forty minutes to get our food. My wife and I got the Fire Cracker Shrimp Po Boy, large, to split. It was a bargain for the $11 or so we paid for it. The dread-locked guy in the kitchen was pretty nice about everything (in fact, he gave my mom an extra Dr. Pepper when he forgot to bring them out with our orders). On top of that, this kitchen guy was actually honest, a rarity. My parents wanted to order the bread pudding, but he refused to sell it because it wasn't up to his standards. Instead, with my step father insisting that he wanted to try it, gave it to us for free. That kind of accountability can be rare in an establishment such as this.
Here is what we ordered: 
Fire Cracker Shrimp Po Boy: The star of the meal. Some reviewers complain that the baguette is too dry with it being toasted. The bread for me, though was the star of the sandwich. The crunch of the baguette was a nice texture balance against the sauced shrimp. It allowed the sandwich to soak up the juices without becoming soggy, a real winner.
Onion Rings: Delicious. Breaded, with a nice sweet flavor. The spicy remoulade dressing is a nice touch.
Sweet Potato Fries: Some of the best that I've ever had, with a nice spicy kick at the end. These puppies didn't need ketchup.
My dining companions were all happy with their sandwiches and I am confident that I would return to Parasol's again when I'm visiting New Orleans. It really is something special.The firecracker shrimp PoBoy is fantastic!  I love to stop by Parasol's after a nice day of watching sports at Tracy's.Loved this place.  Was in New Orleans for a conference but looking for a good place to grab a sandwich and a beer and watch some college football with my wife.  The combo (catfish & shrimp) and firecracker shrimp po-boys and homemade onion rings were awe---some!!!  All the seafood and onions were fresh and hand breaded right before going in the fryer.  Bread was fresh too.  I'm from Philly and know my sandwiches so i don't offer undeserved sandwich compliments.  Loved the icy cold Pabst Blue Ribbons on tap.  Dining room trap door allowed easy ordering of refills...it's genius!  Ended up staying for about 5 hrs. and the Phils playoff game since it was such a chill place to hang out.  All the bartenders and cooks are really friendly and so is the owner.  Was a pretty divey joint but in the best possible way.  Does get a little smoky at the bar but can hang out in the dining rm if it bothers you.  Also, just a block walk to Magazine and all the shops/bars/restaurants.  So, go for lunch, stay for a while (OK, i recommend a long while) and have a few cold ones, then off to Magazine for the night.The best place to watch a Saints game, have a drink and enjoy the day.
My favorite place for  a bloody mary too.
How about a shrimp po boy or a roast beef po boy!
YUMMM!
My first and last stop in New Orleans each visit!
Merci, SDI heard about this little gem and it was a must when we got to Nola . Amazing Po Boys, tried the Roast Beef and Pulled Pork. They are huge and delicious especially with a side of the gravy fries! Make sure to get there before noon, if not the line can be quite long but definetly worth the wait.!  Love this place 
Can't wait to go backA tour guide had recommended Parasol's for a good po' boy, and when my family and I approached the restaurant we were scared to even go in. My dad agreed to grab a beer and check it out and when we saw some other folks orders come out, we decided we had to give it a try. 
Super divey, tables may be sticky, and you aren't gonna be waited on hand and foot, but this was BY FAR the BEST FOOD we ate in New Orleans. 
We tried a ham po' boy and the spicy shrimp and all shared an order of onion rings. While we were staying River Front, my entire family kept wanting to go back to Parasol's to try more. My dad and brother (who are both incredibly picky) agreed the onion rings were the best they have ever had period. 
While it is a very casual eatery, the woman behind the counter came to our table with out food, and even checked up and offered us to go boxes. 
Don't let the plastic furniture and funky smell steer you out. I promise you won't regret eating here!This is a SUPER divey looking place but the po' boy I ordered was fantastic and the prices are not too shabby either. When you walk in there is a small bar, and the people/bar tender are very friendly. You have to walk up a short flight of stairs to get to the restaurant part. When I walked in there was a strong urine odor which made me nervous about ordering food there. Moreover the kitchen was a little disorganized, but I wanted an authentic New Orleans po' boy before leaving the city so I decided to tough it out. 
I ordered the firecracker shrimp, which the cook said was one of the popular po' boys. The regular is HUGE, and they give you a ton of shrimp. My only complaint would be that the shrimp was not cleaned properly so many of them had not been deveined (but I'm just a stickler for clean shrimp so this might be a me problem). Other than that, the food was amazing and I'm glad we stayed. 
Also, this place is in the garden district so after eating we were able to walk around and see the mansions and the cemetery which was loads of fun. Great location, tasty food, just a little sketch when you first walk in but don't let that deter you from giving it a try!Go straight to the back and order the firecracker shrimp po-boy. Don't' waste your time on the others, the firecracker shrimp is amazing and it's not something you commonly see on a po-boy menus elsewhere. Then go to the bar, order your favorite beer on draft and either pull up seat at the smokey bar or set up shop at one of their outdoor picnic tables. It will make for a wonderfully laid back afternoon.Great food, friendly service, and a good time - some guys broadcasting a sports radio show even let me go on the air!My friend and I had a checklist of what we wanted to taste in New Orleans.  Getting a Po-
Boy was on the list and Parasol's was near where we stayed, so we decided to try it since it got 4 stars.  The one fork should have warned us.... as you walk up to the restaurant, it makes one worry as to whether they should even enter this restaurant.  We went thru the bar area to get to the restaurant and just about turned around to leave when another tourist couple came in being just as leery as us.  We all decided to try it.... it is an order at the window set up, that's okay as they bring it to your table.  The tables have plastic checker tablecloths which weren't kept clean, but we managed to find a table that was good enough.  The bathroom was in good order for which I was thankful.  So..... is it worth going to for a Po-Boy...... YES!!!  We had the Fried Shrimp, it was Wonderful!!  Try Parasol's if you are in the area, just prepared for a run down tacky looking building!The roast beef po boy was enough to make my entire day! They Also have delicious, huge portioned chicken tenders and fries basket, cheap beer and super sweet tea. You've gotta come here on your way through the Garden DistrictRoast Beef Po'Boy & Firecracker Shrimp Po'Boys! So good. Really would come back here all the time. Also love the odd and quickly little speakeasy cubby to order drinks from the bar while eating in the restaurant. New Orleans charm at its finest.Everything I expected and a lot I didn't. It's a bar and a damn fine one. Love to be there with my friends but I'm just visiting. 
What I love about NO is that the quality of the surroundings has nothing to do with the quality of the food and, the more you enjoy the food, the more appealing the surroundings become. Thats Parasol. Don't come here expecting beautiful surroundings. Come expecting authentic NO experience, people and food.  Order a PBR, shut up and let it sink in. It's cool. 
Ok the shrimp Po boy, which is what I came here for because Guy, Bobby, Emeril or Alton told me to, was great. Flaky, crusty, crispy, soft bread with an abundance of fried shrimp was good. Paired well with a PBR.If I were into sports, I'd add this to my game viewing list. We visited on a Sunday during the World Cup and the smokey bar was full of game watchers. The dining area (two different rooms), however, were empty. We were able to order a sandwich and were served right away. In the dining room, there were two TVs and the best part is...smoke-free. Oh wait, actually the best part is that the bar had Stone IPA on draft and Stone's Go To IPA in bottles. I was impressed.By far one of my absolute favorite places to eat and drink in New Orleans. The roast beef po boys are AMAZING. Try the firecracker shrimp ones as well, and the gravy fries. The bartenders are friendly and funny and will almost certainly have the Allman Brothers playing from the juke box at some point while you're there. Kitchen staff is friendly (packed me up quite a little lunch box to take on my flight back to NYC). It's a real local neighborhood kinda place. I've spent many an afternoon/evening/whoops how'd it get to be 11 pm in the place talking to any and everyone who comes in.Food here is wonderful.  So much flavor and the perfect amount of spice.  I'm one to put hot sauce on EVERYTHING but the red beans & rice didn't need a drop! Locals recommended the firecracker shrimp po'boy so that shall be my next meal here.  The thing that really sets this place apart is the service, some of the friendliest people we've ever met.  One tip, bring cash as the food counter (separate from the bar) is cash only (there is an ATM if you forget).  Bar accepts cards.We had been here before and everything was very good. I had the catfish basket and my husband had the roast beef. Both were ok but this time not anything to rave about. The staff was not that friendly like before and our experience was just mediocre.Great food, extremely personable staff! The po' boys are the best, though the Irish Sundae was bland. The area is fun and this spot is a must go when you come to NOLA!Hands down best Roast Beef Po-Boy in the city-proper. Featured on the Food Network. Cheap too. I lived next door in college. ALWAYS get your po'boy 'dressed.' You will always be asked this, say Yes.This is the kind of place to go if you don't want to eat at a local place that the typical tourist does in New Orleans. It's great for a quick and cost-effective lunch or dinner that, and of course for a quick drink at the bar when you have some time.
The po-boys at Parasol's are top notch - especially the roast beef. The sandwiches are often served with a fork because the meat was overflowing from the bread (which is good in my book)!We saw this featured on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives on the Food Network and had to try it on our first trip to New Orleans.  Be certain, this is definitely in the Dive category.  Had the roast beef po boy which was the rave on the show.  It was good, but would I go out of my way for it again. No.Firecracker shrimp poboy!!! Bloody Mary!!! Fantastic ..off the beaten path! Best bartender...skwirl was so friendly and down to earth. Coming back!!My favorite Po' Boy of our trip to New Orleans.  We had two and ate then for BOTH lunch and dinner. Huge portions and so tasty.  We had the firecracker shrimp and the roast beef and both were great.  This place has characters and character!Wow. I've heard of dive bars but this place is like beyond that. The gumbo was so spicy it made my nose run, and they just put a half a crab body in it, without even taking the crab out of the shell! How lazy is that? And then the 70s music started playing and somebody actually came in with their dog and it made me....want to stay all afternoon. Seriously, it's a freaking skydive bar and I will live here anytime I'm in town.Been here 3 or 4 xs. Have gotten the firecracker shrimp poboy Everytime. So much for diversifying. I just can't bring myself to order anything else as this poboy is the most unique shrimp poboy I have ever had. Think buffalo fried shrimp poboy with an incredible tangy spiciness. Also, try the debris fries. They are among the best in the city. I have heard from fellow diners that the roast beef poboy is exceptional and up there with Tracy's and r&os but I cannot personally attest to this. Plenty beers, great staff, and take your pick between eating and ordering at the bar or in the dining area. Love this bar. Or should I say restaurant?Stopped by after a chef recommended this place. The bar made me smile, simple neighborhood bar, and the upstairs looks like an old-time small business kitchen. The quaint atmosphere made me feel like I was experiencing a local secret. We ordered the firecracker shrimp po'boys and onion rings. The rings were generic, but I'm spoiled living near the best in the world. The po'boys were out of this world. They were so good. Red beans and rice weren't available, but they did have my favorite root beer in a bottle - another plus. It was so good,we returned the next day for another dose before we left town, this time including red beans, which were also delicious. The staff is very friendly and everyone loved our puppy, even tending to him while we ate. Highly recommend!My favorite po-boy (pulled pork) in New Orleans. I tried 3 places in one weekend, so while I'm not a local boy, I think I can speak with the tiniest bit of authority. The pulled pork isn't too sweet, and has a mustard heat to it that really takes it to the next level. Their roast beef is possibly on par with the one served at Parkway Tavern. 
The kitchen is in the back of the bar, so don't wait at the bar hoping your to-go order will materialize.Meh...Moderate at best, went to the Block Party. Bar was great food was mediocre at best. If that made Food Networks Diners Drive Ins and Dives, Guy should come to my houseThis place is a must stop when I visit family every summer. They have great po boys with seafood that is always fresh. Yea is isn't the greatest looking place but you forget all about it when you taste the food.Don't let the exterior of the place full you or the interior for that matter. I know the place could use some love but give it a go. Parasol's has the best roast beef poboy in New Orleans. Seriously better than Tracy's. The debris fries are fantastic too! I keep telling myself I'll try the fire cracker shrimp but every time I go I just can't not order the roast beef. It's THAT good. It's a lot of food so come with an appetite! I can't really comment on the bar in the back because I've never been to it and in all honesty I had no idea it existed and I've been going here for years.Used to love this place, but now they take 40 minutes to make a sandwich. Not even that busy compared to say Parkways. C'mon guys, it's a sandwich.