We happen to come cross this local place while looking for the ice cream shop next door. Excellent food! The Poboy I ordered was over flowing with nice crispy shrimp! My husband order the fried oyster and shrimp platter. Again way too much food for us both to eat!!! Quick and great service! Everyone that came by checked to see how our food was! Highly recommend making the journey to eat here! Also afterwards get some ice cream at creole creamery it's to die forExcellent poboys!!! Fast and friendly service!! Give them a try!! An extensive  menu also!!Good fried pickles. Roast beef sandwich is tasty. Will be back for sure. Great value for the price.The food was wonderful. The customer service was great as well. Thank you so much for this establishment with great food.Disgusting. Simply disgusting. Poyboys all dried up. French fried has a slight sea food after taste. The employees, rude. I was really excited to have the in the neighborhood, but really disappointed. Perhaps it was an off day for them.Had the fried catfish poboy. Dressed with shredded lettuce, tomatoes, pickles and mayo. Nicely fried fish. Crispy yet juicy. Bread was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside like a French baguette. The sandwich was good but could've used more mayo. I prefer Poboys with remoulade sauce but overall it was worth the $10.The upgrade to a prime rib poboy is so worth it.  Delicious.  The staff is always very friendly too!We accidentally stumbled upon this place, and I'm so happy we did. We had a decent sized group so I tried several different things on the menu and not a single thing was close to bad. Two things that stood out were the oyster Poboys and the burger. The poboy was amazing, and much better than a famous local place we had eaten for lunch. Additionally, the burger takes you by surprise. Everyone in my group claimed it was the best burger they had eaten. It was full of flavor and between two pieces of french bread. This place is truly a gem. You will not be disappointed.We came here for lunch.  i ordered the roast beef half poboy.  It had lots of meat definitely a lot of gravy.  It was good just didn't blow my socks off.  Needed more flavor for me.  The fries were piping hot and fresh and delicious!  My coworker got the pastrami.  She enjoyed it.  The owner of my company got the muffaletta and he absolutely though it was magnificent.  We will be back.  I'd love to try the muffaletta.  Not too bad for parking. Great service.  Food came out very quickly and piping hot.The service is awesome. I'm hooked on Parran's Roast Beef with gravy dressed on fresh French bread. My husband get the shrimp. By the way he eats half of my PoBoy & I eat his half of his. The onion rings are just sumptuous.Looking for some comfort food on a rainy day, we found Parran's and left full, satisfied, and pretty sure we would never need to eat again.
We split a shrimp po boy, an Italian muffuletta, and an order of onion rings. Everything was on point, delicious, and all we could have asked for. My personal favorite were the onion rings which were thin cut and came with an incredible dipping sauce. As a bonus, they were extra nice towards our son and also had our food out unbelievably fast. 
If you are looking for a sandwich fix with a New Orleans flair Parran's will take care of your cravings.Love the onion rings and poboys.  The onion ring sauce should be bottled and sold. I want to dip everything in the sauce.Shrimp Po boys were awesome. They have really fast take out/pickup service. We've eaten there a couple of times and never been disappointed.A friend was visiting over MG and she wanted a poboy! And luckily I remembered that Parran's opened near me last year, at the (sniff sniff) former location of Kyoto. 
We went just after opening on the Friday before Mardi Gras and they were very busy but our poboys came out fast and were delicious. I asked for extra pickles (as usual) on my dressed fried shrimp and their were beaucoup. Yum. Also I had to ask for cocktail sauce as well. I would have liked more horseradish but I'm a weirdo.
My friends loved their poboys too, more shrimp and oyster. Plus we had fries (ok) and fried pickles (nice batter). They have fresh brewed tea. And beer and wine AND king cakes were available. 
I need to remember that they are open until 8pm in case I get the dinnertime craving for a sammich.Awesome place to grab a po-boy, they also serve pizza and an assortment of sides like fried pickles. The staff is very friendly and the entire restaurant has a great vibe and it's very clean. During this visit I tried the Blackened Shrimp Po-boy. The shrimp was seasoned perfectly and cooked well, but the best part about the sandwich was the bread. OMG it was to flakey and buttery. Two thumps way, way up for Parrans Uptown.Pleasant surprise to find an old favorite, now has an uptown location.  Excellent lunch option uptown.  Familiar with Metairie and Kenner establishments.  Excellent quality and service!  Thin and crispy onion rings.  The seafood Poboys (oyster and shrimp) were delicious!  Will definitely go back!Food is great! Service was great even though it was just getting take out. The lady was super sweet at the counter! Their menu is large! Lots of options! I love a place with fried mozzarella sticks! Ha! Who can't pass that up?! Shrimp, turkey and a hamburger - all delicious.Best fried chicken uptown. It's not cooked until you order it, so you're not getting dried out fried chicken that's been sitting under a heating lamp. Get it with the potato salad, which is also spectacular.  Oyster and shrimp PoBoys are great, too.This place is a joke- why bother saying you're open until 8pm when you greet the 7:15 walk-in couple with "we're take-out only right now." So great job turning the order quickly, but that doesn't matter when I get home to find it was incorrect! Walked back and found that they were unable to fix it because they "were out" of pasta (by this time it was 7:45... if they were really "out" of pasta they could have run to Zara's and fixed that problem while the pot came to a boil). I wound up getting my money back for the incorrect item then walking less than a block and happily spending 5x more to sit down and eat a proper meal that was prepared correctly. 
My advice to Parrans: go back to Kenner. When the ice cream shop next door is open until 11pm, you should have a kitchen open until 10pm and staff on hand willing to serve the food. And what is up with the first thing that greets your new uptown customers; a sign on the door saying you don't have a liquor license yet but a corkage fee will be applied to outside beverages. Even if I had been allowed to sit down for dinner at 7:15pm on a Friday, why should I pay you for a drink you're unprepared to serve?!? Poor execution all the way around. 
My advice to anyone looking for a meal uptown. If you want a poboy, go to Zara's, the Rainbow on magazine, Guy's or Dom's. Don't bother with Parrans, especially if it's after lunch time. If you insist on trying Parrans and want something other than a poboy during the lunch shift, make sure to check your order before you're ushered out.Very solid place for poboys in Uptown New Orleans and lots of seating inside. 
Went here after the Hermes parade and service was very friendly and portions quite generous. Great place to bring the whole family!
Roast beef with gravy was delicious and fried catfish was fresh and tender. 
Another plus is it's right next to the Creole Creamery, which has the best ice cream!New to Uptown, not new to the Metropolitan area. Parrans is in the neighborhood!
Super friendly, polite staff. They went out of their way to make us feel like valued customers.
Clean dining area. Kind of lacks character...the decor needs..a lot! 
Just sandwich/food related stuff. 
I'm sure it will improve. 
THE FOOD: 
I'm used to Parrans po-boys. From their Metarie shop. Had a bunch of them. I always see the Merliton Casserole there, and want to order it..... this time I did!  Also, a small onion ring order. 
The onion rings are made in house ..
Thin sliced....crispy and delicious. A small order is enough for an onion ring lover like Me!  Comes with Parran's Cajun mayo.  Flavorful, a bit spicy..I add Crystal hot sauce and a bit of ketchup as a personal preference...but try the mayo by itself first. Really nice. 
The Merliton Casserole was... not as great as I thought it would be. The shrimp were delicious.. the Merliton flavor was kind of lost in the shrimp and breadcrumb top. I added pepper and parmesan and it was really good. You also get garlic bread... tastes great, lol.This place is great. Been here a couple times now for lunch. I live down the block and am real happy it's in our neighborhood. Great environment. Great service. Quick! Very Clean. I've had the veal Po-boy and the meatball Po-boy both with the red sauce. My friend had the fried shrimp. Delicious! The prices are very reasonable, not overwhelming like some of the other places and the serving sizes are normal. All in all a great po-boy and I will definitely come back!Great food! Fast service. My second time ordering the Fettuccine Alfredo and it's great. My boyfriend got the trifecta po boys and loved them. Good, filling servings. Not too busy, so there should always be a table open to eat at.My love for a roast beef po-boy borders on mania.  Over the years, I've tried most of the popular local spots, many lesser known ones,  as well as all of the Brett Anderson favorites.  Parran's in Metairie has been my longtime go-to, and I'm thrilled that the uptown location is just as enjoyable.
The meat is more sliced than debris, but just as tender, and the balance of flavor is just right.  The Gendusa bread is the penultimate po-boy loaf that puts their sandwiches over the top.  The atmosphere and people are awesome, and they couldn't have picked a more accessible uptown spot.This place should stick to their original location and stop expanding. The lady taking my "to go" order over the phone would have been just as happy to press a button that would vaporize me into oblivion. I ordered a basic turkey on wheat and a meatball po-boy, both dressed. Well, I achieved one out of two...the meatball was not dressed at all. In addition, it was bad enough that I didn't eat even half. It was caked with so much garlic as to be near inedible.... I gave this a try, but not again.We stopped in for lunch and split a hot sausage pizza-boy dressed and a small order of fries. The customer service was great and everything was fresh and delicious!Doesn't look like much when you walk past for some reason it's pretty empty but don't let that fool you their food is amazing. I had the roast beer P.O. boy and it was great.  But the best part to be honest was the onion rings! These thin straws were amazing. Plus I have a newborn and it's super hard to eat with him and the woman at the counter came and offered to keep him busy so I could sit down and eat. So sweet.I finally made it here when the power went out in my apartment a few weeks back. I was happy I did! I got an 8 inch shrimp poboy and it was delicious! The bread was so fresh and soft and the shrimp were perfectly fried! The service was friendly too. I will definitely come back to try their other offerings.Perfectly acceptable bordering on desperate to please.
I stumbled in during their soft open period while the menu is still being hammered out, which is fine. There were lots of po-boy options in full (8 inch) and half (4 inch) sizes, sides, cooked plates, salads, and a dessert. The current menu is just on paper, which is fine. The layout of the menu is confusing and annoying. I wish their designer had given it a little more attention.
The menu board behind the cashier isn't fully utilized yet, but I imagine it will be soon. The actual space is large with at least three different dining rooms. It's got great air-conditioning, although the music isn't wired through the space yet. (It's also really bad. Bland, tired pop music. Ugh. I don't need more Black Eyed Peas.)
I was the only guest when I walked in around dinner on a weekday, and I got my po-boy very fast. It was absolutely solid. Would order again. The side of potato salad was a little...like everyone else's potato salad. I was told it was made in-house (cool), but it wasn't finished with a sprinkle of paprika or cayenne or anything with, you know, flavor.
I do appreciate a good counter-service spot, and I think this location of Parran's will do just fine if they can handle a rush. Oh, and the decor just won't do. It's not that they need to look like every other po-boy shop with lots of Simon paintings and such, but the same local stock photos aren't cutting it.
Accessibility notes: door opens out. One step up. No Braille menu or signage. High counter. High coke machine. Space for guests with mobility devices to maneuver between tables. Can get loud and echo at peak hours.Ok / almost mediocre po boys. Went here as other good options were closed for thbe afternoon / evening. figured we would try them out. 
Shrimp po boy was lacking pickles, on really soft bread. Not the worst but def could use a little more effort. 
As could the potato salad. 
French fries were the frozen variety, again mediocre. Gumbo was OK, again nothing amazing but edible. 
Service very friendly. 
If its an only option open, it will fill you up but leave some flavor to be desired.Phenomenal service. Nancy was so informative about the city when she learned that we were here for the first time from NYC. Food wad good, atmosphere was good. 10/10 would recommendThe roast beef was ok, Parasol's(before closing) and Domilise's is way better in my opinion. My coworker said the meatball was really good. The prime rib felt like it weighed next to nothing, opened it up and looked like they forgot to put 70% of the prime rib on the sandwich. This is really disappointing considering all the good things I heard about the Metairie location. Staying open until 8 and my to-go order was ready in 15 minutes are about the only two shining moments of this experience. Save your disappointment and stick with Domilise's or Guy's if you're looking for a good poboy uptown.The service is awesome. I'm hooked on Parran's. Roast Beef with gravy dressed on fresh French bread. My husband got the shrimp. By the way he eats half of my PoBoy & I eat his half of his. The onion rings are just sumptuous. 
June 4, 2920 @ 4:15pm
I've tried Parran's chicken, I believe when they first put it on their menu.  The chicken was delicious, up until today. The crust was hard & the chicken & grease tasted old. I called the person who takes the order. Her comment was that she was sorry. My request is to PLEASE go back to the original recipe because this one is not good.  Here are some pictures of the crusty chicken.
We'll return, but not for the fried chicken.Horrible service! I went to Parran's for years and ordered food to go pretty regularly. I got home with my order and they messed up my food. I ordered the chicken parran spaghetti and it had absolutely no spaghetti sauce on it. Only friend chicken sitting on top of dry noodles. I called to tell them and asked just for them to credit my credit card because I didn't have time to go back for them to correct it. The rude counter lady proceeded to tell me that I had to bring the food back in or they wouldn't credit my credit card. She continued to argue with me and said that was all that she could do and that nothing could be done  unless I brought the food back in. It wasn't about the money. It's about the principle. I was a customer to them for 15 years in Metairie before opening uptown and they just lost a loyal customer for $12.00. Needless to say, I won't be going back!Always quick and efficient. Probably one of the best roast beef po boy and gumbo spots in town.Great poboy! Friendly staff and I love supporting local businesses. I wish their prices weren't quite so high or I'd eat their a lot more often. Would recommend!Willing to give it another try, but the roast beef po boy had hardly any flavor at all, only lots of mayo. Too many other places around to get something good.HANDS ON FAMILY OWNED AND RUN
My experience at Parran's was less than optimal. Pickles don't come dressed on the cheese burger. And actually, according to their menu, pickles, lettuce and tomato are all $0.35 extra. That's pretty pusillanimous. But I was immediately won over when the very attentive millennial behind the counter matter-of-factly addressed my concerns and had them comped. Even sweeter a very cheery woman came out not only with 3 or 4 chips but an entire go cup of pickles!
AWKWARD WEBSITE
Look for yourself. Where is the quick link to the Uptown menu? It's a cluttered ill-thought out mess.
REGARDLESS...
I'm won over by the staff...but only for a bit longer...Great place to stop in for some great food. I've only tried the shrimp poboys, fried, pickles, and fries and they have never disappointed. I love to visit when I am in the area. People are constantly filing in and out picking up orders, but there is indoor seating available. 
The lady that takes the orders, I think she is Ms. Diane but don't quote me on that, is always there when I visit. She is always so nice and makes sure you are doing well. 
This location is on Prytania, so there is only street parking, but worth it non the less. Parrans is one of my go tos, so we will meet again!Came here yesterday for the first time to this location. I was grateful they were open for sit in dining.  The tables were very widely spaced!   I ate a classic roast beef poboy and devoured it.  First rate and the bread was perfect.  Service was very good. My friends rave about the JM poboy.  Maybe next time.  Recommended.I had basic spaghetti and meatballs. Really nice marinara and slightly spicy meatballs. Nice sized portion. I'll definitely be back.Young woman at the counter was extremely nice and service was quick.   I must say the meatballs and red gravy were really dark in color, sauce was a bit oily and everything tasted scorched. I had to toss it, the flavor was so off.I have eaten here a couple of times since it opened uptown.  Shrimp and roast beef po-boys are the best things I've had so far. Happy to have them in the neighborhood.Over priced and no flavor. Employees are super rude. 50% of the restaurant was full and one employee came by, pushed my son into a chair and pushed it in while stating they were extremely busy. The other employee told my daughter who was standing next to the table that she needed to sit in a chair because she was afraid she was get hurt. Terrible service.AWFUL SERVICE! both the food service and cell service was shitty. i get to parran's for a quick lunch after a hard day (had an MRI) and the lady practically screams in my fave "to go or here". i chose to go so she proceeds to scream "to go ok..) in an extremely rude tone. she gave us our number and we went along. it has now been 30 minutes (for one sandwich) and my sister asks very politely "when do you think the food will be ready" THIS LADY SCREAMs " it will be out when it comes out" EXCUSE ME!!! how rude. finally after abt 40 minutes of waiting i taste my po boy and it tastes like DISH SOAP 
PS will follow up in a few hours to see if i got food poisoning.This place has good boyboys, chicken parm, and seafood ravioli. However, today i tried the catfish and it was terrible. Must be farm raised, if i had the owners email i would suggest that i would be willing to pay more if you had fresh caught fish. It really makes a world of difference in taste.Everything here is delicious!  Friendly staff, quick service, amazing food - what else could you ask for??  Welcome to the neighborhood!!Parrans Uptown was GREAT!!!! My family and I were so excited that this local spot opened up on Prytania. My dad has been raving about their poboys so he and my mom and I finally all got a chance to try it out. My mom and I are vegan and they were SO accommodating and friendly, it was amazing!! We had a vegan pizza (we were assured they recently changed over to a butter free dough) with artichokes, onion, and spinach. The fries were great too! My dad got gumbo and a 4" poboy which he loved! Two thumbs way up!My doctors office orders food from the Uptown location often, every time we do NANCY is who answers the phone/works the counter. Her attitude is absolutely disgusting. She informed me she is the manager and ALLEN is her boss, and that I can call the Metairie location to speak to him, but he will "back her up 100%" I would understand if she was having a bad day, or overwhelmed with orders/customers but she is RUDE EVERY SINGLE TIME WE CALLThey say it's all about the bread. The wrong French bread can make or break a po boy and take it from good to Great!  Parran's is new to Uptown/Garden district. They are known and loved in Metairie. 
They use Gendusa bakery French bread. If you read anything on the history of the Po Boy, you will hear the story of how Martin Brothers, who created the Po Boy, partnered with John Gendusa and his Bakery in 1922 (Not called. Po Boy until 1929). GendUsa, to me, is authentic French bread. Crusty on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside.  Mmmmmmm. THE bread!
The oysters were lightly fried and cornmeal crusted. I ordered mine dressed (shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes, pickles and mayo) and it looked ready for its debut!  I added hot sauce. 
It was what I was looking for. I had 2 others (Joey K's roast beef and Superior devils on horseback) and both paled in comparison. 
I was also able to get a classic Barq's root beer in a glass bottle. This was one of my favorite meals in NOLA in the 80's. 
The only knock was that they only had Tabasco on all tables. When I left and went to the restroom, they had Crystal hot sauce on a tray in the back. I would suggest putting an option to Tabasco on all tables!  Otherwise my review would have been 5 stars.Tried going here a while back but they were very busy and I was crunched for time. Finally got a chance to go back. I can see why they were so busy. Go to the counter and order your awesomeness. Get your drink. Find your table and they will bring it to you. 
We split an 8" roast beef po boy. It was plenty for us. Then we ordered the smothered fries as a side. I died and went to French fries heaven. Fries smothered with roast beef debris cheese mushrooms and onion. It was so very good. I can't wait to go back and get it again. 
We were very happily surprised and have a new go to for po boys now.I ordered delivery through Waitr. Once we finally received our food. We were missing all of our condiments, silverware, my poboy wasn't dressed our food was cold and soggy. When I called to let the restaurant know the issue. I was spoken over by the manager I can only assume. As he told me the food was only made 10 minutes ago. I've worked in the service industry for years. My family owned a restaurant. And there was no way that Our food was only made 10 minutes ago. He was just trying to hustle me. Not once apologizing for the mistakes that were made through the restaurant and not through the delivery app. I would've never came here if Parkway Poboy was open today.This is as good as it gets for neighborhood great service and food.  Miss Nancy is a great help in navigating all the options on the menu.  If you know you want fried chicken for three, one of whom wants "mild," Nancy will advise the best combination of their offerings to get you best deal.  Both eat-in and take-out meals are fresh, hot and good.  The fried chicken is as good as it gets and the beef po' boy is phenomenal.I've eaten at the original Parran's Poboys in Metairie many times but this was my first experience in this location.  It was a bit bittersweet to me coming here as I was a big fan of the sushi joint that was here previously and it was really strange to me seeing how much of the space had been moved around and changed.  I certainly felt a bit like a fish out of water and a man out of time with how so much had changed in here.  Of course I ordered a poboy combo and as it has always been in the past Parran's put out a good product and I enjoyed my poboys.  I don't know if I will ever quite get used to this being a Parrran's instead of my long time sushi joint but it is a nice addition to this area.  Overall Parran's has a long history of doing good food but I still think there is more character at their original location in Metairie while the food is good at both locations.
My video review of Parran's Poboys Uptown is here:
https://youtu.be/Vc7HhfiMI98Great food. Waitstaff and cashier was friendly. Food was delivered piping hot and delicious!Be careful eating their Muffuletta sandwich, lots of hard olive seeds