Tourist trap no doubt. Still a fun place early in the day. Don't eat here. This is a place to drink.I guess this place is famous, but we stumbled in accidentally just looking for a place to sit down and cool off. The patio bar is lovely with fans to cool off. The waiters are super formal but service is very slow and we weren't even offered the option to get a second drink. I guess this is the home of the Hurricane drink, so they automatically charge you $3 extra for the souvenir glasses. Even though I just got a lemonade, I had to pay for the glass, then go up to the bar to "sell it back." Annoying! We might have ordered food and more drinks if given a chance. Oh well.Drinks are insanely strong. It is always busy. 
We sat in the patio and the staff did a great job of getting us a table quickly. They were really friendly. 
Make sure to turn your glass in for some money back if you aren't keeping it!Yes, super touristy but a must visit while you're in NOLA.  The Hurricanes are a little sweet for my taste, but they still go down very easily (visit Lafitte's Blacksmith Shop for the best Hurricanes).  Be sure to sit in one of the quarter's best courtyards and enjoy the people watching.  If you do order a Hurricane or another of their speciality drinks, don't forget to return the glass to get your $3 deposit back (the drink price includes a deposit that you can get back if you return your empties to the bar).Pat O'Briens is SO MUCH FUN!  Not only are the drinks incredibly strong and DAMN tasty (The Hurricane = A Slushy Red cup of Alcohol and Loving coolness in the Gulf heat); but, the Piano Bar is such an enjoyable and different experience (especially after a cane or deux)!
Consisting of a bunch of bars with two huge patios and pianos, Patty O's was one of my most memorable experiences as a tourist in a foreign city.  At the Piano Bar (where i spent most of my time), two amazing artists duel by means of audience requests written out on napkins in the dark.  Everybody in the severely dim lighted audience gazes and sings along together with the women at the piano playing renditions of random requests.  Mirrors above the pianos magnify the music and the entire experience.
They offer some sort of discount, where you can keep the signature Hurricane cup and pay less for the bill-doesnt really matter; just go, REQUEST, SING, DRINK & ENJOY!It was so disgusting. We wanted to sit on the patio but apparently you can't eat your meal on the actual patio?? So instead they place us in an alleyway and I'm stuck next to an extremely hot brick wall. The shrimp was gray and I just gave up and ate a hot dog from a street vendor.Great mint julep! 
Great hurricane! 
The music is poppin' and the environment is very fun. 
Great place to eat (we waited in line for about 20 min) but so worth it. 
Great for large groups. 
The fountain in the center Is on fire! Literally. 
October: set up for Halloween. Some people in costume.Home of the HURRICANE!
This is one of those places which you would call a tourist trap.  The room is hella dark with 2 people play the piano.  Lots of tourist in here singing along.  I guess if you're tourist, it's good to come here once in your life.   I tried the hurricane and it tasted like koolaid with a lil alcohol.  WEAK!  I guess it's just not my thing and I'd probably won't be back.Great meal. It was a extremely busy when we were there, so service was slow. But the meal was very good. The had the shrimp and grits. The grits were fried and the crunchiness was perfect with the shrimp. I'd return.Home of the Hurricane drink.  My partner wanted to stop here to experience the drink.  The drinks are well-made with plenty of alcohol.  There was music and partying.  KInd of loud but not in a bad way.  Happy, happening place.  The college frat boys can be kind of obnoxious.  We enjoyed the visit.Lunch in the cafe here. Not impressed...institutional food. A tourist trap in every way.I have been here twice, once in the courtyard, but this time walked into the bar and there were dueling pianos which was so much fun!! Hurricanes are must and you can return your souvenirs glass and get back $3 if you dont want to take them home.What can I say but "Hurricane" can I have another? Tip: you can get the cash back from your glass if you return it to the bar.Complete tourist trap with dueling pianos like every other piano bar I've been to, but the bar tenders were extremely friendly. They made it very clear that if we didn't like a drink we could have another at no charge. Expensive drinks though.Solid location in the French Quarter, Right on Bourban St. One of the best court yards in the quarter. Nice knowledgeable staff, great atmosphere and who wouldent love a water fountain infused with fire. I think Pat O's has some of the best Hurricanes in the city and the Mint Julep is a solid contender too.If you rather sit inside check out the piano room, they usually have some pretty great artists clanging away on the keys.Decently nice staff.
Great patio for daytime drinks.
Drinks were good enough, the gimmick of they auto charge you for "souvenir" glasses that you must return to the bar to get a refund on is super lame. Taking advantage of people knocks them down a few in my book.I was told that Pat O'Brien's is famous and that I should go there. So i did and I was not impressed!  NO Draft Beers! The only Irish beer is Guinness Stout.  Just a tourist trap to me, nothing bad but nothing out of the ordinary at all.....A New Orleans landmark.  What's not to love about this place, even during the day?  That's when we went.  Had some beverages...had to have a hurricane while there...and watched the dueling piano ladies.  Fun times.Nice dark classic "dive bar" in the front where a barfly can belly-up for a bourbon.  I had a few hours to kill while my wife attended a conference and this place was perfect.  A steady flow of ppl kept coming/ going - I was there on a Thursday around 10:30am and numerous tourists kept rolling in for a hurricane "to go". I didn't venture in further to see the restaurant....i believe that there was an upstairs area too, but I'm unsure. You should check it out when in the area.Great way to get the night started.
$8 Original hurricane in a tall glass. Woah, you get your money's worth in NOLA, that is for sure.
HUGE patio area, plenty of space and seating and yet this place is still packed ALWAYS. The crowd does seems to go influx by the hour so if you stick around long enough it will die down.
Not a place to dance, not a place to chat...
What you can do: Drink, have dirty hot random sex, meet an older gentlemen, or be a cougar.This place was pretty sweet! The pianists were from all over the country and had their own unique playing style. You are also able to take your drinking glass as a souvenir if you buy one of their signature drinks.Great experience in true New Orleans. Wait staff were excellent found us a table in a very crowded hall. Music and entertainment was excellent 
What great dueling pianos. Do not miss !Every time I travel to NOLA, I always stop in at Patty O's. The food is good, of course the Hurricanes are the best in town, and the atmosphere is great. It's not too loud and in your face like the rest of Bourbon St.The hurricane drinks here will kick your ass! Friendly staff... Brian at the door checking id's was a funny guy! Good times in Nola!An oasis on Bourbon Street. The patio is gorgeous! If you find yourself horrified on Bourbon Street, enter here. It opens up to a beautiful patio. I hear they have great hurricanes but I'm not a fan of those. But the experience is worth the time.This is a fun place and of course an institution in New Orleans. The dueling pianos always makes for a great night- no matter what day of the week. The courtyard is beautiful.
DO NOT get the famous Hurricane. Oh good lord it is so disgustingly sweet. Go with the margarita. It is cheaper and so much better. If you do decide you must have a hurricane, have them add some club soda to it. You're welcome.Home of the original hurricanes. I was told they were the ones who created the hurricaine (which is pretty awesome). It's a pretty big bar when you walk inside. There's a small room with a piano bar. When i went inside the piano bar room it was pretty full. And then there's a courtyard full of tables. Chill atmosphere..grear place to go to chill and drink. 
I ordered the hurricaine. I'm not much of a drinker so to me it was pretty stronger. It was $9 and you get a huge glass of it. Plus side is you can take the glass home as a souviener. If you don't want it, you take it to the bar and they give you $3 back. You can also take your drink to go as well. 
Only thing is, try not to sit near the bushes. I sat there and there was a rat going back and forth from the bushes to the table next to me. Yikeeesss..
Other wise good bar to visit.I absolutely have to stop by whenever I am in New Orleans to get me a hurricane. Those hurricanes will get you right for $8. I never had their food, but love the atmosphere and piano bar. Go...go now! LolPat O'Brien you are so deceiving you look like any other bar you could come across but when you walk out back to the patio I felt like this is what New Orleans is all about.  The music was playing like I was in some Disney movie. The server was awesome he seated us right away with his southern hospitality. Almost immediately he recommended a drink and said, "I know what drink to get you."  I thought to myself what the heck I am out here for the first time why not? It was a hot humid day and a large cold-mango hour glass drink was placed right in front of me....you guessed it...THE HURRICANE DRINK. How could all this goodness be in one cup? It was just the right amount alcohol and sweetness that I forget I was having an alcoholic drink! If I decide to come back to New Orleans I will definitely come back here.An amazing place to listed to dueling pianos, but the wait can be 45 minutes to get a seat on the weekend.  The bartenders were friendly, the pours generous, and the music as good as ever.Service was quick and we were seated right away on the patio (granted it was a Weds evening so that probably helped). Nice place to sit outside and try a famous hurricane. This is one of those things that you just do, because you're visiting New Orleans and everyone does this when they visit New Orleans. A solid experience, no complaints.While on our trip to NOLA, our first stop was to have some Hurricane drinks. Amazing!!!! Loved that drink!!! We also had the gator bites appetizers. That's a must! 
The trio sampler was delicious.I feel like someone just plopped a bar from Universal CityWalk smack dab in the middle of the French Quarter. Yeah, yeah, yeah....New Orleans institution, Hurricane this and sing along that, fountain blah blah blah. 
This place is a crowded, overpriced, frat haven that not even a classic cougar pickup by an overly made up Texan on my half her age friend could save. 
If you like Fisherman's Wharf you should seriously put this on your "must see" list in New Orleans. If you have an affinity toward older drunken hot moms this place also can't be missed. However, if you are either of these things, be warned, you probably won't want to filter on my 5 star reviews for sound advice on places to go.Pat O'Brien's has something for everyone. It was the largest set up in all of Bourbon. Aside from the spacious outdoor fountain area, there was an indoor bar and a piano bar all within. By 9pm, there was a long line to get in so if you plan on passing by to check out the scene, do it early. The crowd gathered in here tended to be older like the 40's and 50's so if that's your mark, go get'em cowboy. Of course there was a sprinkling of younger tourists scattered about having equally as much fun standing around the glowing fountain.
The hidden gem here is to look up at the ceiling decor. From cups to guns, it was certainly interesting to look at. Come here if you are looking for a good time or are looking to cool down from that awesome jazz performance at Preservation Hall, which is right next door.SO MUCH FUN. We had to come back twice. My first time at Pat O'Briens, and let me tell you those Hurricanes are the real deal, we actually ended up sleeping through our dinner reservations after a few. Anyway, the piano bar is a must do/see. Great time, with everyone singing and drinking. Put in your requests, because those ladies are so talented and will sing anything! The patio/outdoor area is awesome as well, but definitely do the piano bar first and foremast. 
Loved the food too, alligator bites with honey mustard were ON POINT! Love love love that you get to keep the glasses, or return them for $3 a piece, made sense why they left them at the table...We ended up taking two home as souvenirs and buying the Hurricane powder mix, can't wait to make them at home.Had a great time at Pat O' Briens. We started our evening at the outdoor bar. The fountain outside is beautiful, and the drinks were really good. Then we made our way to the closed-in bar near the front for some appetizers. James, the waiter, was wonderful! He was really friendly and gave us great advice for our NOLA visit. As he suggested, we got the crawfish cakes. They were SO GOOD. The whole place has a fun and cool atmosphere. I would definitely go back there.Pat O'Brien's is a cool bar with a real nice outdoor seating area and good drinks. I'm not usually a fruity frozen cocktail guy but I had two of their famous Hurricanes because dang they're tasty.
The food on the whole was solid but not amazing. We got the gator bites, cajun shepherd's pie, and some shrimp...thing. It's cajun bar food an as long as you go in expecting that you'll have a good time. Have many drinks.I went to the. Restaurant on a Tuesday. It was so packed I honestly think they're understaffed not enough servers not enough kitchen workers exclamation point my hurricane was the only good thing. I wanted to order food but I looked around the restaurant nobody was eating. everybody just had water and drinks everybody was looking at menus they only had one server serve and one whole side. Do not go there the wait for food will be ridiculous is not worth( well it wasn't worth my precious time )so I ordered a drink and left. Just go get a hurricane don't go for the food you're drop dead of hunger before you eatOne of the go to place for drinks. $7 cocktails worth your money. They have certain areas for cocktails and other parts for dine in food. Yes a must stop by for clean restrooms also. Outdoor space for entertaining while you get a drink.AMAZING music. HORRIBLE service. I did not eat but we came to have a few drinks and watch they dueling pianos. I asked very nicely to push the tables together and got a very sarcastic answer with no explanation. Rude but probably worth the music.Have been to NOLA many times and never went here.   So on this trip thought we would give it a try.     Was seated quickly with menus in the courtyard.  Server came by 15 minutes later and took drink order.    We ordered a bottle of wine, it arrived after another long stretch of time with 2 dirty wine glasses....both with lipstick around the rim.    When the server showed up we told him the glasses were dirty, he took one, picked up the other, looked and said "oh that one is fine" and left.    I reinspected the remaining glass to make sure I wasn't wrong....I wasn't.    It was so dirty I could see lip prints on the rim.     We informed the server when he returned.    Also informed him we were leaving.  Totally unacceptable service!!!! We found a place a short walk away and had some amazing seafood.    In all fairness, the food could have been amazing here.  We will never know because the service was so poor.    The manager we informed did offer us free drinks, we moved on without regret!   Spent $120 a few doors down with excellent service and food.One of the most iconic places on bourbon street. Food was great and the location made it a perfect place to meet and continue the fun all night.Don't go here for the food.  It's pretty sub par.  The drinks...I'm pretty sure you could light my mint julep on fire!!!  I felt like an amateur complaining about a strong drink! . If you're going out for drinks, the Hurricanes I hear are the best.  Cool atmosphere.  It gets crowded later but it is a good time.I was told about this by a friend. Had a hurricane was yummy 
Shrimp and grits were good but really coldYes yes yes - it is a tourist trap whose sole purpose is to get you drunk on an oversweet gut churning fruit punch with a mules kick.
Sing out of key, laugh til you cry, and generally make a ass of youself with the rest of the tourists.
It is a total hoot, and everyone should let loose there at least once in their lifetime.
Do I stop in every time in New Orleans - heck no, but every once in a while - just for fun, and have a ball with the rest of the idiots.This tourist trap is a trap indeed. Drinkers making off with the souvenir glasses have led management to make bad decisions about the policy on them--you will be charged for the glass whether you want it or not. The waiter isn't allowed to take it from you and take the glass charge off. You have to push your way to a very crowded bar to get a refund. This is difficult--why not ask with the order what we want and serve it in something plain if we aren't interested in the glass? 
Until this policy goes away, if you don't want on overpriced bit of cheap glassware, find a Bourbon Street bar that is more fun and less touristy.This was another one of our must do spots while in NOLA. We stopped in here afer eating breakfast and walking down Bourbon for awhile taking in the sites. Upon walking in and getting your ID checked we were given some cute green beads. The place is really big and the AC was on point. They had an beautiful outside seating area but it was just way too hot to do that. 
Most of us ordered the famous "Hurricane" drink.  Since I am not a huge alcohol drinker, I tasted a friends "hurricane" drink and was happy I didnt order my own because I wasnt impressed. However, most of my friends loved the drink and enjoyed it. To each is own. Pat Obrien's was pretty empty and the staff were cool. When I went to the bathroom I saw the musician in the dining area, singing to patrons and I was kinda happy we didnt have to endure that entertainment. It just wasnt my style.Good service- O'Neal was very attentive and polite! Alligator bites and Gumbo are delicious. Don't forget to try a hurricane!I loved Pat O'Brien's. 
I'll be honest though...the few times I've been there have always resulted in a bit a of a haze from having had a few hurricanes (and turning my tongue red) before walking back to my hotel.
I do remember being there when they lit the torch (which apparently happens nightly at sunset), remember having decent food (catfish and alligator), and remember having a blast.
Enjoy responsibly.Touristy, yes, but is it still delicious and a fun way to spend a sunny afternoon? Also yes. 
Yes, you are going to have to battle hordes of tourists, many groups of bachelor/bachelorette parties and pay a lot for basically red sugar water with rum. But its worth it. I know I made it sound terrible, but it actually is very much worth it. The patio area is fantastic (especially the part near the fountain) and the food isn't too shabby either! ( I got catfish nuggets. Noms.)Anyone coming to New Orleans has to stop in at Pat O'Brien for a hurricane. Honestly,  I feel there are better hurricanes available in the French Quarter. That being said, the gumbo here is my favorite. I also LOVE the gator bites.  The service both times I've been here was excellent and the prices are great for what you get.This restaurant/bar is a must for anyone visiting New Orleans.
It was recommended to us by some very friendly and helpful locals in Lafayette who told us not to leave without trying the infamous Hurricane cocktail.  We took their word and headed to Pat O'Brien's for dinner - I'd highly recommend the alligator bites and jambalaya - accompanied, and followed by a few too many Hurricanes.  These cocktails are great but take heed - they are lethal!
We were sat outside and it was only shortly before we left we discovered the delights of the interior and the various rooms.
If we ever return to New Orleans we will most certainly be stopping in at Pat O'Briens...I never got around to trying the Bloody Mary, which is apparently another hit!If you plan on traveling to New Orleans, two places you must visit are Pat O'Brien's and Lafitte's. Not only is there a ton of history lurking behind both, but they are very cool and fun places to see.
My boyfriend and I (along with his brother and brother's wife) went to Pat O'Brien's on a Saturday night, when everyone was out and partying hard in the streets. It was PACKED. I am not a fan of crowds, and felt really overwhelmed at first, but after a while I started to relax and had a great time. I told the bartender that it was my birthday just a few days ago, and that my New Orlean's trip was kind of like a celebration for my birthday, and he gave me a free hurricane! Plus, when you order a hurricane and get the souvenier glass, if you turn it in to the bartender instead of taking it home, you get $10 back (or towards your next drink). 
We ventured out into the courtyard, which had this gorgeous fountain with fire in the middle! It was about 40 degrees outside, however, with all the people, the heating vents, and the fire, it felt perfect even in a dress. 
The drinks are VERY expensive!!! But then again, don't go onto Bourbon street unless you are expecting to drop a couple of hundred dollars on food and booze. All in all, Pat O'Brien's was a fun and great place to go. Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'd love to visit again, but this time during the day, when it's not so crowded.
Highly recommended.Friday night in New Orleans is definitely an experience and my co-workers wanted to experience what it's like, so we headed here to the birthplace of the Hurricane.  Being in town the same weekend as the French Quarter Festival, the place was absolutely packed at about 10pm, there was hardly any room to walk around in the courtyard.  We found a couple tables and sat down and suddenly a waitress charged up to our table, practically yelling, "What are you doing, what do you think you're doing?"  She was waving her hands all around, trying to get our attention by basically punching me in the shoulder repeatedly.  We explained that we were sorry, we didn't know that the seating area is only if you're ordering food along with your drinks and that we'd leave immediately.  I felt that her behavior was definitely rude and more than a little excessive.  She didn't even try to explain in a polite way to us, a group that definitely was not rowdy or intimidating (especially in our business casual attire, much to the contrast of most of the other bar/party crowd that was there).
We moved over to the bar, where at least they were more friendly over there.  Since we were there, we had to order a hurricane.  Wasn't impressed, it was just another fruity alcoholic drink, nothing special.  Well, we can say that we were at Pat O'Brien's and had a hurricane.  Check it off the list, no need to go back...I really like this place. Wide variety of drinks and friendly bartenders. Choice between an indoor main bar, piano bar, or outdoor bar. My drink of choice is the hurricane. Warning: it will hit you unexpectedly. I've tried them at other bars and they truly don't taste the same way they do here. Personally, I'm not a fan of the mint julep, but if you want to get wasted this is another excellent option - just happens to be too strong for my taste. On a side note, you get free popcorn bags!!! Lovely scenery in the outdoor patio. Great atmosphere; there's a reason this is such a go-to spot.A must-visit for the hurricanes and they make a pretty mean mint julep as well.  Can't speak a word about the food, since we were too busy imbibing the hometown beverages!Absolutely the worst customer service I've ever seen in New Orleans. The employees treat customers more like farm animals than people. Also a number of sales gimic'sWent here for lunch the first day of my vacation. The food was good, but not great. The atmosphere was nice, outdoors and the staff were friendly. It's cool that they allow you to keep your cocktail glasses. The hurricane cocktail had me nice early in the day.A must-do in New Orleans! The hurricanes are delicious and VERY strong. Check out the piano bar inside and enjoy the dueling pianos. They can play pretty much anything.They only cook the burgers well done here, so that was s problem for me.  The drinks were great though, but I don;t think I'll go back to eat, I would go with a group of people for the dueling pianos...The piano bar is just sooo fun and entertaining. The knowledge of songs these guys have is insane. Gets the crowd going every time. No matter how many times people request "Piano Man" they play it and the people LOVE it. Go, you'll have such a great time. It's one of if not the original Piano Bar. A must if you visit NOLA. Eat, Drink, Tell.If you only have money for one drink in New Orleans- this is THE drink! It's $11 for the Hurricane and if you don't want to keep the souvenir glass, you can return it to the bar tender and get $3 back. The drink is strong so be prepared to get a buzz or more! Have fun!Everyone said, "You MUST get a hurricane at Pat O'Brien's!"  So we all went and got huge, red, watery hurricanes.  The drink was m'eh, but we had a very friendly server and the atmosphere was great - not to mention the refund you get for bringing your tourist keepsake glass back to the bar.  Everyone had fun and it was a nice way to kick-start the evening.Famous for its Hurricane! A tall glass of liquor and fruit juice that will knock you off your feet! So good yet packs quite a punch. One is usually enough for even the professional drinker. 
I have been to the Pat O Brien's in Orlando and have had Hurricanes at other restaurants and no one else makes a hurricane like Pat O Brien's in the French Quarter. 
The food however is not impressive. I had roasted chicken and jambalaya. The jambalaya was tasty but lacked spice and came to the table cold. 
Roasted chicken was bland with out much flavor at all.
The restaurant is mostly courtyard so if it is cold outside make sure to bring a sweater!Amazingly beautiful courtyard. 
Entertaining dualing piano bar. (go early -a line forms quickly)
Hurricanes that will put you on your ass...
What are you waiting for?First time to the French Quarter and by far this was our favorite spot! Enough so that we were only in town for 2 nights and we spent most of our time here on the patio.. Excellent patio and the Hurricanes... wow if you drink too many it finally catches up with you.. Ms Kim  and Mr Bennie have exceptional customer service skills! Thank you for an incredible experience. We will definitely be back!!!!This location has two bars, one inside you sit at and another out back that you can grab your drink and walk away. It was PACKED haha, lots of noise and energy. We had heard the hurricane was their drink, ago got two and he already had some made up on plastic cups.. Good sized cups! It was a really strong drink, so keep that in mind.  it's a fun stop!The location is gorgeous, love the fire in the water fountain and just eating in the courtyard under the stars with the hustle/bustle of Bourbon St steps away.  What I did not like was getting charged for Hurricane and mixed drink glasses I did not want (and these were not boxed or bagged so we could have left them on the table!).  Luckily a member of our party noticed the charge and we were told to just "take the glasses."  Because we were a party of 14, the gratuity was added to the bill so we got ripped off big time being charged for 4 glasses we were never asked if we wanted to purchase plus taxed and gratuity added on top of that!
The food is ok, nothing to rave about, it's really the atmosphere that sells this place.  Just make sure they don't give you a real glass to drink from though, because they will add it to your bill and not tell you.Excellent drinks, everyone was very friendly, great ambiance! I was not expecting much with the food, but I have to say it was VERY good. You have to stop in if you're hanging around Bourbon Street.You haven't really had a cocktail unless you have had one on the patio at Pat O'Briens. There is plenty of seating and a nice fountain to cool off near. One thing you should keep in mind though is you pay a deposit for those fancy dancey glasses so be sure to return them at the bar for your money back.  I always get the bloody mary when i go, nice and peppery!They charge a $3.00 fee per glass when you drink. You have to pay for it and then return the glass.  A waiter also brought our appetizer out to a different table and after their kid opened the dressing and touched the food did they realize it wasn't theirs. The waiter kept waiting for us saying she would bring us a new dressing but they didn't touch it. I guess it's hard to understand once food is touched by other people you should make a new one.The piano bar is the best spot in New Orleans, without a question. Request songs on cocktail napkins. We love Alvin!!What can I say, it's Pat O's! They have great hurricanes, and if we had enough people we would have gotten the three gallon hurricane ($200). There's three bars here, with the front bar being cheapest. The patio out back is beautiful with a water fountain. Great to be out here on a nice day. How could you not come here?Crappy hurricane. It's almost as if they forgot to add the water to the red dye mix. Great to stop in to see the flaming fountain!This place is a great time.  From the outdoor courtyard seating to the piano bar and other side bars, you can't beat this place.  Great food for a good price.  Drinks are overpriced though, which is how I suspect they make up the difference.  They "assume" you want to take home the glass the drinks come in and you're charged up front.  If you don't want the glass ask for a traveler cup, otherwise you'll have to get your money back at the bar after you've cashed out.
THE  BEST WINGS IN NEW ORLEANS!  They're not overly spicy but there's something in the wing sauce that makes them distinct and special.  Even the bleu cheese is unique.The hurricanes were waaaaaay too sweet. Seemed like a nice chill out spot at first until a drunk person jumped into the fountain. We weren't there very long. Better options.Hated the kool-aid-like Hurricanes.
Loved the flaming fountains.
Great experience!I'd like to just point out anyone that gave this place a 1 or 2 star rating, obviously went at on "off day" or has drank some serious hater-ade this morning.
It's definitely a tourist attraction since they claim to have invented the hurricane, but as a tourist to NOLA, I think it's worthwhile hitting it up. They have a great outdoor patio area for 21+ and a short but to the point menu. Prices are too bad and hurricanes are strong. Our waitress was friendly and honest about the menu. I had the alligator bites for the first time here - very much like chicken tenders and my friend had the grilled chicken, that was delicious. I'd hit them up for my first hurricane every time and make sure I get my $3 deposit back for the glass to not be TOO much of a tourist. lolYou haven't had a New Orleans Hurricane unless you've had a Pat O'Brien hurricane. Stopped by while on our walking tour.  The bar was divided in three sections...on the right the dueling pianos, on the left a bar and straight ahead the patio bar. The patio bar was so lovely with its fountain. We chose to sit inside because it was a little too humid. Inside the bar the staff was so friendly. Giving us a little history on the bar and New Orleans in general. Drinks were really good...not too strong that you couldn't taste the flavors but potent enough to creep up on you.Stopped in here with the hubby for their famous Pat O's Hurricanes and a quick bite to eat.  The lunch menu was not impressive to be honest.  We ended up getting the Pat O's wings in Bloody Mary sauce, shrimp etouffe', and shrimp pasta along with a side salad.
The wings were pretty good and came with homemade bleu cheese dressing which was pretty good.
Hubby found the shrimp etouffe to be absolutely delicious!  If he had bread he would have wiped up all the sauce left on the plate.
My side salad was really disappointing.  Half of the lettuce was wilted or the butts of the lettuce.  The delicious bleu cheese dressing couldn't save it sadly.  
My shrimp pasta was okay. but was a little under seasoned.  I expect being in New Orleans that it would have been at least a little spicy, but no such luck.
The Hurricane's were pretty strong so if you're a big drinker then feel free to have a couple.  Only downside is that they automatically charge you $3 for each hurricane glass on your bill.  You CANNOT return the glass to your server to have it taken off the bill.  The glass can ONLY be returned to the bar and they will give you cash back for your glass.  Luckily, the bar wasn't busy and we were able to return them and get our money back quickly.