Stopped in for lunch with my fiancé after hearing that this place finished highly in the fan vote for favorite pizza place.  The setup is a little unusual. It seems they do a mostly takeout business. There is a small room for placing orders, then you go outside and in to another room with tables to wait for the food. We did have to wait a little longer than I would've preferred, especially if I didn't have a long lunch break today. 
They do have a good lunch deal, which is a small, two topping pizza with five chicken wings and a drink for around $12. I got beef and bacon for my pizza and Cajun ranch for the wings. My fiancé got pepperoni and olive pizza and lemon pepper wings. The pizzas were quite inconsistent. My crust was very thick and doughy, while my fiancé has a much thinner crust that I preferred the pizza was just okay. We both really liked the wings though, which appear baked instead of fried.Great pizza at a really great price. On Mondays through Wednesday you can get a large any topping pizza for 6.99. It's a really good deal and the pizza is delicious. 
If you haven't been there it can be a bit hard to find. It's above a hair salon place and the parking lot is small.I order from Pepperoni Ray's once a week cause thats the only time we eat out....but anyway i love they pizza and wings next i will try a sandwich and fries....but when i first try Pepperoni Ray's i really didnt think it was goin to be this good and at a very reasonable price...me my granny and my kids loves Pepperoni Ray's and i recommend it to every one i canGreat affordable quality local pizza. I enjoyed it as a student living down the street in the dorms at UNO. I love the cheesesticks that overflow with mozzarella cheese. YummoFriendly service, reasonable prices, and great food! Stopped by for lunch and was very pleased best pizza I've had in Nola!The pizza is Old School as I remembered over 35 years ago. As it was said "It's in the crust" and it is,  I got the Big Easy and it was excellent. I added the wings and they was great also.Just called to order from here since the website says it closes at 9 and I know for a fact I've ordered at this time before; young lady answers the phone "thank you for calling pepperoni ray's. we closed." Uber pissed because i just wanted some Cajun ranch wings and I was going to pick it up!The pizza was pretty good but this review is ALL about the wings. I don't want to write too much because it makes me lying for them and I live in another city. PLEASE PLEASE get the sweet inferno wings. I asked them to cook mine crispy. When I got home and tasted one I could have cried tears of joy! They remained crispy even after being doused with the best sauce I've ever tasted. I don't like foods that are extremely spicy. These have a kick but the sweet is so perfectly intertwined that I was extremely impressed. I cannot wait to get back to New Orleans and order the sweet inferno wings.Been meaning to try this place out since i've seen and heard pretty good things about this spot, and they were right!
Now, being a brother from New Orleans, i am always happy to see other brothers doing something for themselves, and doing it right. Ordered some of the sweet inferno wings and the bbq chicken. It took everything for me not to run through a couple of red lights while driving this back home. The aroma in my car had me damn near salivating. 
After the massive destruction of those delicious wings, i made my way to a couple slices of that bbq chicken pizza and whoa!  Fresh, tasty ingredients, and not very bad on the prices if you ask me.
I just walked in and there were quite a few orders up and some going out for delivery, seems like they'll be needing to hire a delivery driver pretty soon because it was just two guys in there and you could see the day's workload on their faces. 
Much luck and success to those guys, i'll be back and sending some others y'alls way!We order delivery toms.  Great food.  The gentilly, the buffalo chicken pizza.  Wings, salad. Yummy.  Join their clubGREAT GREAT GREAT Raymond's Pizza and wings are the best in town.  If you have not tried them stop reading this and order right now!!owner has a very nasty attitude, he should not deal with the public....he neesds to stay behind closed doors...this place is very nasty and not clean. i received the wrong order so i brought the pizza back and let me tell you they we're not friendly at all....i will never go back there...never!i called in and placed an order wings and pizza .i asked for wings well done.. i was told 20mins. got there maybe 30 and food still wasn't ready. waited 15 additional mins for food. to get home which is directly across the street and pizza was cold. now this isn't my first bad experience. owner never gets back with customer in reference to a complaint. u try to support black owned business and the customer service is poor.....It seems I'm the underdog here, this pizza was not memorable, I ordered a medium speciality pizza (Hot Sausage) I wish the counter girl whom was very nice btw, would have told me it came with onions and green peppers, actually that's what the pizza should have been called the onion and green pepper pizza, because there was six pieces of hot sausages on the whole pizza, while the whole pie was filled with purple onions and green bell peppers 
I despise onions on anything unless it fajitas and I can ration them out myself. And I definitely do not want any onions on my pizza, i looked over the menu to make sure I didn't misread any fine print about the extra unwanted toppings.
The three stars is for the great customer service and the fresh ingredients, while I didn't enjoy the pizza and I'm not sure I will ever spend my cash here again, I appreciate that the pizza didn't taste like it was prepared from month old cheese, stale bread, or old ingredients.
*Still looking for great pizza in New Orleans!Great locally owned pizza place.  Superior to chains.  The crawfish bread and wings are a winning combination with the pizza.  Friendly staffI wish I could give this place 10 stars I had pizza lemon pepper wings crawfish bread and fully loaded waffle fries .... so delicious so tasty the lemon pepper wings had so much flavor the crawfish bread I don't have words so gooooood and the pizza is like no other I will return alwaysThe Big Easy pizza was absolutely delicious!  My wife and I had just gotten into town for a mini vacation and based on the reviews and the proximity to our motel, we went for the Big Easy.
What a great decision!  The crust was perfect, just the right amount of toppings, and it wasn't overpowered by too much sauce, which is a trap far too many pizza places fall into.
It wasn't easy to find, but being from out of town, I'm using GPS for everything anyway, so it's all good.
I cannot recommend this place and its good enough!Good pizza at a good price. I think it would a great place for take out. As for eating in the dinning area it is clean but not hooked to the area that makes the pizza. I don't know the area well but I would be on guard later into the night. As I would be in most areas of New Orleans these days. The bottom line I will eat here again but do want to try the other top 5 winner first.Best local pizza spot in Gentility!
It's a tad bit expensive and their online menu can use some updating; however, you get A LOT for your buck.I'm a fan of local business and pizza, so I was excited for Pepperoni Rays. That excitement faded to tepid acceptance as I took my first bite of 'zza. The pizza was undercooked and the toppings were unremarkable. It provided me sustenance but no joy. I held out hope. Several weeks later I ordered again. This pizza was not undercooked -- in fact it was cooked to a crisp. I don't understand the loyal following Pepperoni Rays has gathered. It compares favorably to Dominos, Pizza Hut, and a freezer pizza but pales in comparison to other New Orleans pizza joints. If you live west of Elysian Fields, do yourself a favor and order delivery from Reginellis in Lakeview.This is a unique pizza joint. THE FOOD IS AMAZING! Slow service and one person making the food but overall amazed at the food. The dining area was quiet and COLD! Will definitely visit here more often as I love pizza with wings special.Yummy cheese bread!! But my salad was kinda piddly. Only had about a handful of romaine lettuce in it. :(This pizza is sooooooooo good please try it you want be sorry I promise you and also try the crawfish breadNever had take out only delivery and they definitely come within the expected arrival time. Sweet heat wings are delicious and the Hawaiian pizza with bacon Canadian bacon and pineapple is to die for!!!!I would loved to have tried this place.. I called and was told (very rude female answered the phone) that they didn't deliver 3 miles away!!  Maybe they shouldn't advertise delivery if they are not capable of delivering outside of a 2 mile radius!The food here is legit. I will be honest the whole configuration of the restaurant is funky ( you order in one room and if you wanted to dine there you bring your food outside into another room). In my book  his place is strictly takeout on it. Really good take out but still take out.The food was okay but the guys working there kept staring at my girl friend so things got weird.Ordered two pizzas for pickup over the phone. Was told it would be ready in 25 minutes.
25 minutes later we got to Pepperoni Ray's and paid some kid at the counter for the pizza. We sat and waited 30 minutes. The same kid we paid looked at us and asked - "What did you guys order?" We finally got our pizza.
One of the pizzas was burnt. The other one was ok.I ordered a pizza from here Friday, April 28th. Everyone there was sweet however, when I got home opened the pizza.......I found at least 2/3 hairs in the box of pizza. I ordered bbq wings and the bbq wasn't on the wings, it was at the bottom of the box, like bbq juice! lol...My kids and I didn't enjoy it at all. My food didn't look like anything in the pictures!This place is a diamond in the rough. Great pizza, wings are properly prepared and salad is awesome for the price ! It's from now on my local pizza spot. Forget dominos and Papa Johns if you live in Gentilly.Excellent Food!!!! And the service is perfect as well.  We had the lemon pepper wings which were perfection and the hot sausage pizza.  It doesn't get more New Orleans than that.  Do yourself a favor and get the chef or caesar salad to balance everything out.  We were thanked for choosing pepperoni Rays on more than one  occasion which let us know our business was appreciated. 
To top it all off the owner went to John F Kennedy High School. So it felt good to support a local business instead of a huge chain where you're just another credit card.I was really looking forward to trying this place out. Didn't have and pizza though. I ordered wings (called in). The good thing is you can mix flavors. I got 5 buffalo and 5 lemon pepper. After being told they'd be ready in 10 minutes, I arrived 15 minutes later only to have to wait for my order. The wings were WAAYYYY too salty...especially the lemon pepper. I thought I would have a stroke at any moment! I didn't finish them unfortunately, as they were just unbearable. They salt totally killed what should've and would've been a great meal. Womp, womp...The first time I went here , I had the loaded fries. Mozzarella cheese, black olives, jalapenos, real bacon bits, mushrooms, all drizzled over baked fries...Phenomenal.
The second time around, I had the hot sausage specialty pizza.  If anyone knows about hot sausage, you would expect it to be filthy greasy, but to my surprise, it wasn't at all. 
It looked like a cheese pizza at first glance, and the hot sausage was carefully strewn throughout the pizza to make for a non greasy presentation, and the taste was even better. 
I am always a fan of detail, and during both visits, they spent a great amount of time on it. Good job Pepperoni Rays!Very good local pizza spot in Gentilly. Extremely convenient to order ahead and pick up on the way home. There's lots of other good options on the menu, but I've only had the pizza, which had a delicious sauce and generous amount of toppings.We ordered wings and pasta for an event. Everything was delicious! The food depleted so quickly. I couldn't help but go back for seconds! I am glad the food was ordered here because they DO NOT disappoint!  I will definitely order from here again. The food is worth it!LOVE the sweet heat wings!! the pizza is delicious too. always hot & fresh, really nice serviceWooooo Hoooo!!! So this time I tried an actual pizza-like dish... That being the ULTIMATE CHEESY BREAD. And at $4.99, this is a meal & then some. I actually think this item deserves to cost a little more considering the size... But maybe it's a marketing thing & they'll gradually increase the price... But anywho!!!
This cheesy bread was the cheesiest, even better than Kraft Mac n Cheese. I mean I have to literally remove it from my eyesight as I just couldn't resist shoving more in my mouth. 
I called ahead this time, as I learned my lesson from the last time & my food was ready & piping hot when I get there. I added a salad at the last minute, I know 'who does that right?' & impressively enough it was ready lickety-split & to boot the staff was very helpful in accommodating my last minute request!!!! (Sweet) 
Ok. Next time... PIZZA it is!!!Absolutely love the wings!!!! The ultimate cheesy bread is good as well. I haven't had a chance to try the pizza yet but I'm pretty sure it would be good too.The place is upstairs and kind of hard to find, you have to order food in room and sit in another. The looks can be a turnoff but, i will give a local new biz a try, must support. Biz biz always started small at one point in time. Staff was grwat, gave me a discount for being a JFK alumni. Drink selection is small, ordered a pizza n two drinks under $20. They make thier own lemonade and fruit punch, supper sweet but good. Reminds me of the way koolaid and lots of sugar tasted when i was little. The dining area is plain, but its ok. Pizza came out quick, no plates were given, just napkins, weird, but inguess to keep cost down. The pizza is good! The crust is just right, not to thick, just thin enough. I must say, dont knock the the place by the looks. Will return, great place for kids!!Got salad, wings, and a can drink. Wings were delicious and baked. The salad was also very good and surprise they actually give you enough salad dressing for your salad here. They seem to have some good deal on the lunch specials.Some of the best pizza in NOLA. 
The place is hidden if you don't know where to find it, but once you do find it you're in for a treat. 
We got a large The Big Easy. The staff is nice, the pizza is great and in  an area not known for great food it is a big bright spot.Pretty good neighborhood Pizza joint. I tried the loaded fries and the hot sausage pizza. Both were pretty good. Check this place out if you are in the Gentilly area and in the mood for pizza.I love the people here, there so nice. The food is really good and unique for a pizza place.Food was great! We got a meat lover's and some crawfish bread.  Both excellent!  More of a takeout place.  There is a dining area but there was no one in there so it was a little awkward but they turned on some music for us which was nice.  Will definitely be back.  Staff is very nice.Pizza is so so, but is better than Domiho's or Pizza Slut by far. Ordering over the phone can be a strange and awkward experience, but eventually my orders end up right. I haven't tried a po' boy yet. If the po' boys are amazing I will add a star.I have little options in terms of delivery to Paris Oaks and I DID NOT want Dominos pizza. So the high talked about Pepperoni Rays it was. I ordered the special of wings and large pizza for 19.99. was told it would be an hour and it was a little over. Pizza was luke warm. I got cheese and pepperoni because some of the people I was with don't like a pizza with toppings (boring).... The pizza was meh, it wasn't bursting with flavor other than a weird flavor from the pepperoni. I gave them to my dog cause her food choices are extensive and she's not picky about flavor. I only ate one piece cause it wasn't worth it to me to have another. I don't eat wings but the five-year-old eating them didn't complain. I won't be ordering from the soon but I will still pick them over Dominos next time I am in a bind.Best pizza I've had in a while.  Looking forward to a return visit soon.Great to have a local pizzeria in the neighborhood. Pizza is one of my faves!!! 
I visited the establishment in search of a personal pan pizza, but to my disappointment that size wasn't offered. I should've gotten the cheesy bread, but as I wasn't super hungry, instead I got a salad & some awesome, banging RANCH FRIES. Delightful. Tasty. Worth the 30 min wait, yeah I know for fries; but seems like most orders are called in or delivered; and they have to make the orders as they come in. Next time I'll call ahead. But I need to say that a friendly owner/manager/staff member recognized my timely wait & offered a free soda of my choosing. This was very courteous & I appreciated the gesture. 
I'd like to see them move to a larger facility; lots of business going on, that's totally great, but it's way too hot indoors to sit, but there's a patio, so there's your relief. 
I'm gonna go back for chessy bread or this time maybe I'll opt for a small pizza... Left over is pizza is brain food.I'm addicted to the crawfish bread,  and wings. ...... I'm always greeted and the staff is always great!  I love the fact that the owner is hands on and he supports his staff and is great to his customers. Keep up the great job Ray.Amazing pizza. You won't be disappointed. Love the cinnastix. I can't wait to try the other specialty pizzas!This place is a delight to visit. I love the wings and the pizza especially. I enjoy the variety of menu options, including the fresh salads! The customer service is great also. If you are looking for good pizza that is not commercialized and prepackaged...this is the place for you!!!Yes, this place is a bit out of the way for me and tricky to find (well, out of the way is relative but I live in the Irish Channel) but the pizza was absolutely fantastic. 
Forget about trying to eat your meal at Ray's - this is simply not the place unless you're in the neighborhood and have to eat within a time frame. We made our own pizza - veggies and chicken - and it smelled so good as we traveled back home, we had to pop open that box that was just teasing us  in the back seat and have a slice...or two. As everyone has said - the cheese was hot - the ingredients were extremely fresh and best of all - you can eat on the cheap here. Make sure you google map this place before you make the trek if you're not familiar with the Gentilly area - the sign is not that visible and the parking lot is in a trip in itself!Pepperoni Rays has reopened as a popup inside cafe Gentilly after they've closed for the day. It is only a few blocks from my house, so I order from here fairly often now. No other takeout pizza place consistently hands me such a hot pizza. It is always fresh. I have gotten lukewarm pizzas from other places more times than I can count. While Pepperoni Rays is anything but gourmet, they're head and shoulders above Dominos and Pizza Hut. Plus, the price is right. I suggest you try them out if you're looking for solid pizza delivery in Gentilly.I'm a fan of Pepperoni Ray's and can't wait to go back for more! I actually haven't tasted their amazing "Yelp-critically acclaimed" pizza or cheesy bread yet, but I have experienced their hospitality and finger-liking chicken wings (pictured below). I was in the neighborhood and decided to go upstairs to Pepperoni Ray's yesterday. I wasn't quite sure where the actual restaurant was, like many people, but once you get up the stairs, keep going straight and you're bound to hit it. There's one room on your right, that's filled with tables and chairs, but that's the seating area, NOT where you order food. The door in front of you will lead to the place where you order food. Once you're inside, at the cash register they have menu's. I can't wait to go back and try their salads, sandwiches, various other flavored chicken wings, and of course - their pizza! I will definitely return to Pepperoni Ray's, the food is fabulous!I've eaten here so many times and it's the same all of the time. The customer service is on point and whatnot. 
Prices are reasonable and not only that, it's locally owned. It's a black owned establishment to say. I have to continue to support the community. Way better than major chain pizza joints.Awful, awful customer service. We ordered a pizza with a 45 minute turn around time and gave instructions on which door in our complex to knock on. 2 hours later, no pizza and when we called they had no explanation. Will not be back.The best pizza, hot wings and cheesy bread in the city....Hands Down! Friendly service, speedy delivery (always hot and fresh at the door) and quality food. I won't even attempt to eat pizza from anywhere else! Oh, he also has healthy choices for those of you who like healthy eating. Let's Eat!Just moved to NOLA from NY and I gotta say the pizza is awesome!!! I tried many places down here and some are way too overpriced! The pizza here is affordable and great! Try it you wont be dissappointed!! The wings are also the best I'm not even over exaggerating !Great take out pizza. Can't recommend eating there or go there when it dark. It's just me.This place has the best pizza in the city and they deliver to areas with very few options. I'm a lifetime customer and you will never find a fresher pizza than here at Pepperoni Rays.*Attempted* to order delivery from here while working my usual evening shift. When a co-worker called to place our order she was told that they could not deliver to us without any explanation. Everyone had raved about the crawfish bread so naturally I had my heart set on it so I called back and pretty much begged them to deliver but was told that the manager had instructed her to not take orders from the hospital because their delivery driver was always getting tickets for being parked on our ramp. I told her that I would meet the driver outside myself and give her my cell phone number so that the driver could call me but she would not budge. 
Like I said, we all reallllllly had our heart set on ordering from here so we ended up placing the order and went to pick it up. When we got there, the place was completely empty. I paid for my crawfish bread and was so excited to eat it but I was quickly let down. The crawfish bread is exactly what it sounds: a french bread loaf with a decent number of crawfish with melted cheese and parsley (?) on top. The taste was really lackluster and I'm sad that I wasted so many calories on this dish. The flavors didn't really meld together and some of the bread was burned. After all the trouble that I went through to get it, it was far from satisfying. 
On another note, the pizzas look really good so I may give that a try but only if we can convince the manager to deliver to us.