Great food!!  First time here and had the lunch special, calzone with Italian salad.  Both very good and very filling.  Friendly staff and numerous condiments on every table.Not the best. Would not come back.
It's an awesome location near lots of other bars and restaurants close to uptown. The food is cheap and the service is good. But the food was not good. My friend and I ordered the basic egg plate with toast, potatoes, bacon, etc. I ordered mine with scrambled eggs which were fine, but she ordered her eggs over easy, and they were barely cooked. Her plate was a watery mess - it was really gross. We felt too bad to send it back but she couldn't really eat it - it was practically still raw. Also the potatoes were not good at all. No seasoning on them and not cooked well.
We were pretty disappointed but our other friend said the juices here are good and to try other things. Don't think I will be back though.We Live this place!  Always clean, good fresh food, a friendly staff, & great prices make for a wonderful dining experience!Slow food and me and my sis were only customers. Waitress was very friendly. My calzone wasn't that good, not enough cheese and too much marinara sauce. Wasn't impressed but my sister liked her panini.I really enjoyed breakfast here. Never before have I had freshly juiced watermelon or mango, WOW good. Eggs were perfectly done, too. Everything was fresh, healthy, and delicious. This was a great find.
Friendly owners and bright open seating made this a very pleasant place to be as well.Sneaky sneaky... But was it worth it? 
Today I went for a late breakfast here. What was a little odd was that the streets were flooded around the vicinity.
Originally I was gonna go to "Refuel" but there was a sign on the front door saying that BC their water was cutoff due to the New Orleans Sewerage and water were doing work in the neighborhood. All I really noticed was the fact that it was closed. As soon as I stepped away from the sign a waitress from across the street "barked" that they "had water and were operating". 
I took her word and stepped in. Little did I know until after putting an order was that people were served in paper plates and disposable cups was that it was a lie. The table next to me was also complaining given the fact we were hoaxed into dining there. The waiter and possibly a manager assured that they did have water but all the other restaurants were closed.
I took offense given that I only have one day a week to have a nice breakfast and if Im going to be served like if I'm at some street fair, they should at least be a little honest about it. 
Even when I asked for a glass of water, they brought a bottled water and charged me for it.
The person whom I assumed to be manager came to the table and justified that I'm "paying for the food, not the plates".
I understand that these restaurants are going through their slow season.(and school is out for the summer). I also understand that its wait staff depend on Sunday morning rush. What I don't like one bit was the lying. Not cool.
I also noticed that the "barker" they had upfront luring people going to neighboring closed restaurants never moved from her post. I wasn't the only one.
Fact is they didn't have water but were operating anyways. I won't be coming back.Food was quick and good. Service was amazing. We came in with a cranky three year old, the staff immediately brought her a slice of watermelon to munch on. Fresh mango juice was great and so was the calzone.  It's difficult to find good food at reasonable prices, and this is one of those placesFirst time visiting. Walked down on a Saturday morning around 9:30am for breakfast. The sign out front advertised fresh mango mimosas! Sold! They were excellent!!! The breakfast was good, slightly pricey. (Reason for four stars) The service was very kind!Worst service I've ever experienced in my life. I ordered 2 takeout sandwiches and had to wait an hour when they said it would be 20 minutes. Extremely rude staff, very disorganized, dirty. AVOID AT ALL COSTS!I ordered delivery they said 30-45 min.  After an hour or so I called and she said 15 minutes.  The food arrive 30 minutes later to 5604 St Charles AV , with no utensils , he said he was sorry could i go inside and use my own, well I'm the help so its not my house.  Food is ok when its hot delivery definitely dont.  504-491-1293 KeithEnded up here after Refuel Cafe was too busy to accommodate my party. The restaurant lacks any clear organization, leaving patrons to figure out whether to seat themselves, order at the counter, or await the terribly inattentive wait staff. When we approached the manager to ask, we were directed to "go talk to him" with a dismissive hand gesture. Still not sure who "he" was. We proceeded to take our own initiative and seat ourselves, only to wait 20 minutes just to have our order taken. The juice that was advertised as fresh was clearly not. The food arrived cold, without utensils, then we were given dirty silverware. The food itself was fine. Management refuses to split checks and obviously has no interest in working with customers or their apologetic staff to improve the customer experience.This would've been 1 star, but the food was actually pretty good so they salvaged a second star. Unfortunately, though, our main takeaway from this restaurant will be terrible service. Not terrible because they were rude or unwelcoming but in the ways that count the most. We arrived just before 11am. The restaurant was about 75% full, but most people were finishing up. They seated us immediately but took about 10 minutes to take our order. According to the receipt, the order was put into the computer at 11:16. Our drinks came out at about 11:25, and then we waited and waited and waited with no refills and still missing a coffee. The waiters were so busy and us dealing with two 1 year olds, we couldnt ever catch anyone's attention. At about 11:55 a waiter brought out the check.... When I told him that we hadn't yet received our food he was very polite and confused. He went to the back to figure it out and told us it would be out shortly. Finally at 12:15 our food arrived. The people at the table next to us also had the same long wait. The service malfunction had us seething but we were so hungry we decided to wait it out. The food was very good and so ill give them credit for that but i dont think we will return or recommend this place to anyone else.Disappointing 4 times.  I am done with 2nd chances on this place.  Last stopped here for a late Saturday breakfast and we let the waitress know we were in a bit of a hurry.  
First, the good...the eggs in the Omelet were fluffy and perfectly done.  Also, they got us turned  around and out the door in 24 minutes.  Kudos.
Now the bad...the potatoes were microwaved.  Seriously?  That is a true no-no in a breakfast place.  There's no excuse.  Breakfast taters are cooked in batches so there should have been some ready to go.  In a hurry or not, I don't want bad food and that is just plain bad.  Next, the coffee was terrible: a D.  How hard is it to make a decent pot of coffee?  Put this one on the owner...he buys the cheapest.  Across the street at Refuel the coffee is always good to excellent, at similar prices.
So the coffee and potatoes ruined an otherwise good breakfast.  Sorry for being a grump, but the management needs to know.Very tasty breakfast, open on Mardi Gras morning. Huevos rancheros surprisingly tasty (and we're from California). Also the specialty crepe was delicious. Skip the mimosa over priced and under sized. Over all, quite good placeThough the service was slow it was friendly. Have enjoyed their omelets for a while but decided to try them for lunch. The express combo was a nice trio of small portions for those having trouble making decisions. The paninni and salad we ok but the tomato soup was the best i've ever had.I love this place -- the pizza is like Ray's in NY (great) and the owners are really friendly and welcoming. Quick reliable delivery, good sandwiches too. Definitely worth a visit!Stumbled upon this culinary treat during a sight-seeing-post cruise day... I read some of the reviews here and we too were "skeptical" because the restaurant was empty (it was between two and three o'clock though). Every thing brought to our table was divine! The service was great too! If you are looking for something off the beaten path, (on the trolley line though) check this place out. The décor is a bit tired looking, and the "cushions" a bit hard but don't let that deter you... Enjoy!deserves better reviews. they give complimentary watermelon and we had no issues. they also gave us a complimentary meal for our next visit! will come backDon't waste your time and money.  The inside looks okay and the service is decent but the food is AWFUL!!  My husband and I both ordered pasta and it was disgusting - both dishes completely lacked flavor!  His seafood pasta, in his words, "tasted like skim milk - it didn't even taste like seafood."  My spaghetti was covered in a ridiculous amount of tomato paste, that's right, tomato paste.  It was clearly right out of a can with no seasoning whatsoever - it even had the texture of tomato paste.  Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else in the neighborhood.I think the only way the service could have been worse is if they just didn't take our order at all. When we arrived there was no hostess and we were left standing there for awhile. Amongst many other complaints the breakfast potatoes were really unacceptable for any food establish. They were literally plain, chopped up, and put into a microwave for too little. Many of them were still raw. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you absolutely have no other option because all the surrounding places are usually full. However, I will say the grits, pancakes and fresh juices are deliciousStopped in for a quick smoothie that I had heard about from a trusted friend.  I got the Mango smoothie and it was amazing. Very refreshing and just what I needed to jump-start my hung over Friday!Good delivery deal. Had a large veggie which came with a 2 liter of sofa and dessert chocolate cake for $17.  The pizza got here quick (Carrolton and Sycamore) and was pretty damn tasty.  Pizza and Notre Dame gong down made for a great dinner!Not sure why this place wouldn't have 5 stars. 
Awesome and fast service. Great food. Cheap prices in my opinion. 
And the attentiveness to you the moment you walk in is perfect. 
Will be coming back!!!Why was my omelet brown?  The cook obviously doesn't know how to cook eggs.  Overdone, brown eggs made into a lazy semi-folded omelet.  The description seemed great on paper.  I was expecting a fluffly omelet filled with spinach, peppers, sundried tomatoes, and cheese.  I received an overcooked salty egg mess with vegetables randomly stuck into it.  In addition to the burnt, brown parts, the rest of the omelet was an odd gray color(which I assume is from the pan).
The only reason I went here is because Refuel doesn't do takeout on the weekends.  It's true that I am no longer hungry but I don't think I'll be back to Pepperoni's Cafe for their breakfast.  Perhaps their pizza  and whatever else they serve is great but I doubt I'll ever find out.An obviously new, funky little restaurant. My boyfriend fiends for their muffalotta! They have a few half-assed veggies options for me, but that better than I can say for most of the city! 
The decor is nice, a little cold, but clean. The service is good, and the game is always on!This was a great spot to stop and have breakfast on a Monday morning. The staff is very nice and our meals tasted great. There is a noticeable difference when a restaurant uses fresh ingredients. I had an omelette that could have used a bit more sausage, but it was tasty. My wife had bananas foster French toast that I really enjoyed finishing it for her. They offer fresh fruit smoothies and make a good Bloody Mary.Too bad no star is not an option. My husband and kids were visiting family in New Orleans, we came across this restaurant because the place we were going to go the line was out the door. So we decided to go here it was right around the corner and the kids were hungry. So we sat down and looked at the menu, my first thought was they are pretty expensive but whatever we are on vacation. So my daughter ordered strawberry pancakes and they came with grits, she doesn't like grits so I asked the waiter if she could have a side of eggs in place of the grits. He said I can add an order of eggs but I can't substitute?! So I said ok fine bring out the grits too (for 8 dollars). So the waiter replied you still want them?! Ummm yes if you are charging me for them! My husband loves grits and he will eat them. My son and husband ordered the uptowner which is a basic breakfast with eggs meat toast and potatoes for 9 dollars. I ordered the banana foster french toast which came with a slice of watermelon for 9 dollars. So all of our food came out except my daughters and the portions were small and the food was nothing special. The bananas foster French toast was French toast with bananas on it with syrup. My daughters food came out last and the grits were soupy and the pancakes were raw inside. We told the waiter and he apologizes and takes her plate and brings her back pancakes at this point we were all done with our breakfast and were ready to go. We had to ask him to take her pancakes off of the bill because we were ready to go at this point. I put the cash down with the tip, the waiter who I believe is the owner or the manager takes the cash and doesn't even ask if we need change!?WE WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER OFF EATING BREAKFAST AT MCDONALDS!Humble little restaurant run by very nice folks! We had two great brunch entrees: huevos rancheros and the New Orleans omelet with fresh shrimp. Plus two Bloodies (they have mango mimosas, too). Also, quite a breakfast menu. It's not really Italian, nor really Mexican, though a little of both. Excellent service, and would happily return.This was a cute place to eat, but not the best place if you're in a hurry or starving. The food was real good, but the service was REALLY SLOOOOW! They took way to long to greet us and give us menus. They need to work on their in going and out going order system. They would write the orders on a note pad at the table then take like ten minutes to transfer it to a thin slip of paper for the chef/kitchen. They made people wait at the door when they had plenty of tables open, but just needed to be bused. Lastly I had more then enough time after I finished my meal to write this review and we still haven't received our check yet.We stopped here after a swamp tour. Pepperoni's is located on a quaint street. I immediately felt the family atmosphere which makes the difference. The food is well-priced and tasty. The mango mimosa is a must try!Just lunched today at Pepperoni's Cafe, gotta say it exceeded my expectations today. The last time I stopped by was about 2.3 years ago. (Yes, I am a very exactly person) If my recollection serves me, which it does!, I ordered a calzone that took like 30min to come out and cost a bit more than I wanted to spend that evening. Nonetheless, that was then, this is now. I'm a bit of a pizza snob being from the great pizza state of New York so I spared them a sniping and went for a Super Vegetarian Panini. This was a very good decision. The SVP's bread was nice and crispy, pressed well and had a garlic aioli on top. It also had both black and green olives! Way to be thorough. The service was prompted and amicable. Nice touch by the waitress in curating the magazine selection for me. I'm not big on their decor or music selections, but it tis what it tis. This place is probably best for take-out or delivery anyhow. They hit me with a free dessert today, what was that all about!? Chocolate cake with a cherrt on top. (YEA MY LIFE'S LIKE THAT SOMETIMES!)  Happy Mardi Gras indeed.
Bottom Line: Go give Pepperoni's a try, lunch, dinner, or take out.This is my favorite place to eat breakfast in the city, hands down, and the lunch and dinner menus (especially the pizza) are also a cut above the rest. Delicious, innovative food with plenty of healthy and sinful options, and the menu is always changing and improving in creative ways. Also, they have some of the best service in town. I just love their staff--they go out of their way to not just serve you but make the meal fun and get to know you. My husband and I have been going there almost every weekend for the past 3 years, and we just recently started ordering pizza and salads for delivery on the odd weekday evenings, too. I can't say enough about this gem of a neighborhood restaurant, but also, there is no line during weekend brunch, which you can't find anywhere else in the city. Best kept secret in NOLA. 
Also, they just started serving donuts, and my husband swears are the best in South Louisiana!Great lunch specials. 
Very nice for groups, good for the eat and run lunch. 
I usually get the bowl of soup, salad and mini pizza for lunch. The vegetarian pizza is really divine.
Really quick delivery in the Uptown area.The owner usually delivers the food.Service and food were great! Would definitely return and recommend to friends. The only problem was that it was a little pricey but it was good!Ended up here because the restaurant across the street was packed. I'm so glad we did! By the time we sat down, it was about 12 on Sunday. We were starving for breakfast so we were glad to see they were still serving it. 
There were seven of us and we each had something different. Everyone said their meal was delicious. Their grits were creamy and some of the best I've ever had. Super friendly staff and great service. 
The owner saw that we were all starving and brought out some (COMPLIMENTARY) fresh cut watermelon that was delicious and sweet.
Also, just as we were leaving, they gave our kiddos complimentary brownies for our 6 hour drive home!
Next time we're in town, we're not going to the place across the street, we're coming here for another great breakfast and service!The answer is Yes! You should head directly to this restaurant! The most friendly staff treat you like family... The ones you love! Cozy atmosphere free wifi that is fast!  Awesome mimosas! Excellent food. This is the reason you came to New Orleans the hidden gem that will forever remain in your mind when you remember that unforgettable brunch that Sunday morning when life was good and every care in the world was gone! Hop on the st. Charles street car now it will take you to the front door! Enjoy!My favorite place! Love it because:
 a) it is very clean!
 b) when I ask for no marinara sauce in my calzone they  just do it.
 c) price is affordable 
 Probably have more reasons to love it but can't think of it right now. Will update later. 
My favorite things to eat there:
Calzone with meatballs no marinara sauce. 
Heart-smart pizza is the only pizza I would ever eat in New Orleans. 
Panini dressed with meatballs and no marinara sauce. 
Don't like that marinara sauce. :)))Food was good, but the service was pretty awful. Tables remained dirty for 20+ minutes, the server only came around once and never came to collect the check, we had to drop it off at the front. The menu online was also underpriced compared to what it actually was.Had a tasty California omelet and eggs Benedict, very good and great value too, Prices are very reasonable. The folks who run this place are wonderful too.  I also recommend the lunch salads. It has a nice atmosphere.   They deliver too :).Food honestly isn't that fancy. Simple, but every time I've eaten there it's on point. Close to Tulane's campus if you're there for anything. 
But what makes it most special are the people! They are very nice & accommodating plus they cater. I'm a breakfast person and their simple ha' & cheese sandwiches, good!! 
Side note: banana fosters WORTH IT too. You can make this place healthy, savory, and just I'm hungry type of place!This place is a hidden gem! The staff is friendly and customer service is top notch! Let's talk about the food: HOT, FRESH, DELICIOUS, and did I mention Delicious! Breakfast and lunch menu's have variety, plus breakfast is available all day. Check them out, you won't be disappointed!Pepperoni's definitely falls a little short of the New Orleans standard, but the food is definitely acceptable. Of the many things ordered I really enjoyed the "everything" pizza. I also appreciated that they gave my group coupons for free frozen yogurt across the street!Pepperoni's Cafe has made me a regular! While walking by, I stopped in on a whim--and was pleasantly surprised! Their menu covers all the bases, they have fresh muffins, and they are extremely reasonably priced. The servers are extremely friendly. The atmosphere is just wonderful. My girlfriend and I have made this our regular breakfast/brunch place. Their eggs (I get them scrambled) and fluffy and wonderful! I always want more!! For lunch, the Chicken Caprese is amazing! One of my favorite sandwiches--I often even order it for delivery! They have this awesome fruit nutella crepe which is to die for. Even their drinks are great. Their hot chocolate and freshly squeezed juices are all awesome. I've been across the street to Refuel Cafe, and simply put, Pepperoni's has nicer servers, better food, larger menu, more ample portions, and all at a cheaper price. I highly recommend Pepperoni's Cafe. If you stop by, I promise you won't regret it.I have been a big fan of Pepperoni's since I first discovered it a few years ago. The service is wonderful and the food is excellent! It is a perfect brunch/lunch spot - never too crowded, and very close to uptown destinations such as Audubon Park, Tulane University, and Loyola University. 
In terms of food, the bananas foster french toast is incredible, they have really good omelet selections and the paninis are amazing. The raspberry tea is so good (not too sweet), and they give you unlimited free refills, as well as a to-go cup when you are finished with your meal! Definitely give it a try - you won't be disappointed!Stopped in for their all day breakfast because the place accross the street was terrible. Not sure how you mess up bacon and eggs but they did. I'm not sure if my experience was an anomaly but I won't be going back for their food.Stopped in for lunch.  I had the Huevos Rancheros.  It was the best I've ever had.
Good service and the owner is very niceWe sat for 10 minutes before someone came over to take our order. However, no one gave menus! I had to tell the waiter to give us menus. After our order was taken it took 45 mins to get our food. Place was not busy. Food was decent but service was awful.The worst!  Seafood pasta was not as described on the menu. Pasta had a very fishy taste and the presentation was horrible.Best kept secret in New Orleans! Incredibly friendly staff. Outstanding breakfast-- try the eggs sardou and the banana strawberry juice! We go every weekend and have never been disappointed.NOLA is famous for several different things.  But, unfortunately my experience at this cafe lacked those several things.  
We stopped into this little joint our last night in New Orleans and remained hopeful despite an empty restaurant.  The decor and ambiance seemed modern chic and was clean, they have TVs and also offer a range of different desserts in there glass fridge.  
Service was good, only one waitress/cashier working, and she was still attentive even though we were the only customers.  
I ordered the seafood pasta, which we were told was the most popular, my sister had the chicken alfredo, and my bro in law had the shrimp po boy.   My meal came and it didn't look good, but I still had hope!!
Some of the noodles were still hard and stuck together, not full cooked?! yikes! The sauce was bland for my taste and the shrimp was rather small and didn't have much taste either.  
I give this place 3 stars because the service was good, however the food just did not deliver on what NOLA is known for, great southern food. Maybe next time I'm in NOLA the food here will taste a bit better to me, but it just wasn't that tasty to me.Stopped in for brunch with mom.  Very clean, with a diner feel.  Service was nice.  I had eggs on tortillas with black beans.  Not a lot of flavor, but it wasn't horrible.  We really wished we had the pizza but didn't think of it until we had already ordered...we WERE in a place called Pepperoni's with pizza boxes stacked to the ceiling...probably should have had the pizza.A Must..... visiting from Baltimore & wandered from C. Grill.  Pancakes..... to lunch food!Been here for lunch and breakfast.  Started with lunch and it was ok not great but ok.  Staff was helpful.  Came for breakfast and it was horrible!  Day old bacon barely warmed, slow service (they were catering another event and sent follow on customers away), coffee was tepid.  Just bad breakfast.  Should have said something but did not.Food isn't super complicated but it is delicious. Quite possibly the best sandwich bread I've ever eaten. I would highly recommend for a quick sit down meal. We also had the garlic cheese bread which was delicious and on sesame crust. They also served us some mouth watering fresh from the oven blueberry bread. We will be returning this week.The food was sooo good!! The service was fast and our server very friendly and informative on what to try! Great place if you're in the area. Avoid the lines and wait at other places and give this hidden little gem a try.cool, cheap, and delicious lunch specials but never seems like there's any business. the servers really try to push their sales! all around, good experience though!I love this place, the owner is really friendly and is always there! if you ever go there I suggest the cheesy bread with a glass of mango lemonade! I work around the corner and go there all the time!This is a great little neighborhood place! Brunch was great! I had the seafood omelette and my man had strawberry pancakes! The mango mimosas were awesome and a nice little twist on the traditional mimosa!! Honestly, the service was crazy good!!! The "family" feel was great!!! I just love feeling so welcomed in a place! Do yourselves a favor and try it out... You'll love it!!!My husband are relatively new to the area -live in Kenner -and like to go exploring the streets and neighborhoods of NOLA in search of tasty food and good beer. Today we walked past and took a look at the menu and said yup let's give it a try. They were busy and steady. We snagged a table and didn't wait to long for menu and our drink orders were taken. I had a Bloody Mary -spouse had coffee.  I had the scrambled eggs and ham and cheese sandwich baked on their bread. Spouse had Breakfast with perfectly poached eggs !  Food was good service a tad slow but it was busy. Server was very niceThe staff here was so friendly and fast! The food was really tasty as well. I had the pulled pork Benedict with the roasted potatoes and everything was delicious. The mango mimosa was also unique and refreshing plus!I'm going to keep this review simple.  I came here with a big group of friends because Milk Bar was too crowded.  I tried the Seafood Pasta and the Chicken Caprese; Both were underwhelming.  The portion of the pasta was minimal and so was the flavor.  I also came again another day because we received a buy one get one free coupon for breakfast.  I ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast and my friend ordered the Breakfast Wrap; again, very underwhelming.  I won't be coming back unless a friend insists.I purchased a Groupon for Pepperoni's, knowing that pizza is my munchkin's favorite food and it was a good deal.
Today was our first time here. It's a nice little space with a casual vibe. We ordered a large pizza to share, with some drinks and the garlic cheese bread. Note: the bread could be a meal in itself, so definitely save room for the main event if you order it. It's almost $7 for an order of it, but that price is justified by the fact that it is HUGE and delicious.
The pizza was even better. We got the Deluxe, which is loaded with cheese and toppings. The sauce is good, and there was a perfect ratio of crust/sauce/cheese/toppings. Speaking of the crust, it wasn't too thick or too thin. It also had a very fresh taste to it, compared to the mass-produced taste of chain pizza.
Even without a Groupon, I'll come back. It's reasonably priced with great service and great food! Also, yes, this is definitely a kid friendly place. They have a kids' menu, and even brought over a coloring book and crayons.If you think pepperonis cafe is good, youre an idiot. This sad little restaurant serves the cheapest food they can find from SaveAlot, take tips from servers, microwave half their menue, and have the opposite of fresh mango juice(60% orange juice). The only people who visit this scab of Hampton street, are clueless victims casted away from full neighbooring restaurants. You sit down, they see a dolor sign, and try to get the most they can out of you. The owners are the opposite of neworleanians, and are terrible people. Ps. I mightve workes thereWe ended up eating here because Refuel was over crowded. We walked into an empty restaurant and were kinda skeptical about our decision. Hunger pains ruled so we had a seat and took our chances. 
I had a breakfast panini subbed sausage for the ham. Imo the bread could have been crispier but the eggs and sausage were yummy. Some of the best grits I have had though. The roasted potatoes were a let down as they were simply under salted hash browns.
The food was a pleasant surprise. The service was decent. They definitely tried. The manager lady came and brought us 2 Glamour magazines and a week old Where Yat magazine and put them on the table. We didn't care for that too much as none of us were there to read Glamour magazine at brunch.
Last complaint was the dubstep and edm that was playing. Way too early in the am to be dropping the bass. Not too mention we were slightly hungover. I'd probably go back again as an option 3 if I'm looking for a quick bite with no wait.I love, love, love Pepperoni Cafe. Huevos Rancheros is my favorite, and the most food for the best price of any other place I've tried. The pancakes here are light, fluffy, and look so perfect you'd think they were model food for a magazine spread. With all that said, the service here is even better than the food. Folks are fast, friendly, and absolutely determined that your dining experience is all you want or to be and more. I recommend this place for breakfast and weekend brunch. 7 stars on a scale of 1 to 5!! 3 thumbs upThis place is fire! They have anything you could be in the mood for! The owners and managers are extremely nice and accommodating in order to make your experience perfect.We love their pizza and caesar's salad.  My son is picky about his pizza, but boy will he eat from Pepperoni's.
They are quick to deliver, so reasonably priced, and yummy every time! 
Don't hesitate to order from them!  Support local business!The best breakfest in town, they made me special order chocolate chip pancakes. Water for my dog. And very fast and helpful. Price is good and will return with friends.  I haven't been inside yet, always sit outside but staff is lovely.Came here for a quick lunch with my girlfriend on a whim.  We got breadsticks to start, and they were good - freshly baked with a good sauce, and a ton of them. But her chicken caesar wrap and my chicken caprese panini were somewhat disappointing.  The pita used in the wrap was not good, and they didn't use romaine lettuce, so the lack of crunch left something to be desired.  And they forgot the tomatoes on my panini (not that I'm a big fan of them anyway). Our fresh squeezed lemonades were very sugary, and the whole meal seemed a little too expensive.
We will likely not be back.This place has solid pizza and a great brunch/breakfast. Service is really friendly. The cheesy bread is great and their breakfast burrito is a great tasting breakfast that won't make you have to take a nap for the rest of the afternoon. The atmosphere is not the best. It's a bit drab, but the friendly service and good breakfast make up for it.I love Owen Hite! I went there a couple months ago, and this young man was so respectful and delightful. Please come visit him! 10/10.Pepperoni's is a wonderful place for breakfast and brunch. They have some of the most menu diversity in the immediate area. Their banana pancakes are out of this world. They've also got great yogurt parfaits, black beans and chicken Caesar. See.. lots of diversity. The staff here is also wonderful! I wish they'd change their name though.. i feel like it turns a lot of people away from the true quality and diversity that they have. Give them a try and you'll see what i  mean.This is a great breakfast place! My friend and I went here after finding the long line across the street. I needed to eat and run, so I didn't have time to wait for a table. 
I was always wary of this place because it was part of the frat-tastic side of uptown, and getting door hangers from them, I wasn't too impressed. I am so glad that I came in! The food was soo good. I got an omlet that pretty good, but my friend ordered the fruit and nutella crepe. Amazing. It was so amazing, i ordered one to go for another friend, and she proclaimed that it was AMAZING too. 
I also love that the waitress asked if we wanted our coffee to go. Some people have told me it's pretty common, but this is a first for me. a free refill cup to go! YAY! It made my morning so much brighter.Giving this place one star is one more than they deserve. HORRIBLE food. I ordered the VIP turkey panini, talk about cheap, poor quality food. The 'homemade' bread was mushy and wet (undercooked) the turkey and cheese were shredded like they came out of a bin to make omelets, and there wasn't a crunch to be had with the soggy veggies.... or lack of veggies i should say. I asked for avocados and received small traces of some store bought guacamole, i had to pull the sandwich apart to see if there was any green in it. I ended up leaving it all on the plate and walking out hungry and pissed at the 15$ of disappointment  i just spent. 
I should have known when it was empty on mardi gras across from Refuel which had a line out the door. 
DONT EAT HERE. 
waste of time and moneyI stumbled upon this place for breakfast. I ordered a some buttermilk pancakes which were very tasty it came with a side of grits which was very tasty as well just not enough, serving size was too small. The service was great and the food didn't take long to come out. I will visit again.I was looking for a place to treat my friend and son for breakfast.  We were hungry. We were in an unfamiliar area, but we had several restaurants to choose from as we stood on a street corner figuring it out. One of our choices was Pepperoni's Cafe, a name suggestive of an Italian restaurant -- but it's not. Just ask Maritza, the proprietor. She's Guatemalan, and her husband is from Belize. They make a good team and together they run the restaurant. They are warm and friendly and both of them came by our table to serve our food and talk. They have been the owners of Pepperoni's for 21 years.  Maritza explained that they inherited the name, but the food choices are theirs alone. They are good ones, too. I had a New Orleans "muffuletta."  It's like an Italian sub done New Orleans style. It includes a mix of olive salad, ham, salami, mortadella, capicola and melted cheese on a slightly toasted bun.  Thanks to Salvatore Lupo, a grocer who is widely credited with serving the first one muffuletta, restaurants have been serving the muffuletta in New Orleans for over 100 years.  The name comes for the bread used to make the sandwich. The one I had was served hot, filled my plate, and it was large enough to satisfy the biggest appetite, mine!  It was massive.  My friend ordered a chicken wrap, while my son ordered a chicken sandwich. We came to restaurant hungry. We left quite satisfied. Thank you, Maritza! 
#tiladanoonthegoPopped in a quiet evening looking for some familiar food for the kids to eat while my wife and I saved our appetite for something fancier.
As such things go, my later meal stank and I really regretted turning up my nose and not getting a calzone for myself!
As for the kids, my teenager *loved* his sausage calzone and declared it his best meal our whole trip. Our grade schooler went even further and declared his pizza the best he'd /ever/ had.
Service was fantastic, we were made to feel extremely welcome and they went above and beyond meeting my son's very particular pizza topping requestsThis place is one of New Orleans best
kept secrets.  70's decor,  spotlessly clean, family friendly,  great service & excellent comfort based food. My friend had a pizza loaded with veggies, & sausage. I had a salad that was so fresh, I forgot it was "restaurant made". Lady next to us had a big pasta & meatball plate, she just raved about. Motown & oldies were playing on background. One couple was having wine & singing while eating. It's truly a great place, off the main street. Oh!! And breakfast is always served, which I will have soon. However I hear great things. Pepperoni is one of those gems, alot of people don't know about. However those of us who do.....well we tend to keep it to ourselves!I soooooo want to love this place, and I do, just not for the food.  It's ok, not great.  I've had pizza, salad and the breakfast wrap.  But these people are so freakin' nice, I always want to go back.  They're welcoming, hospitable and gave me a magazine to read when I was waiting for my order.  I'll eat here again, I'm sure.Amazing all natural beverages. The watermelon water is out of this world. The breakfast food is also superior. I recommend huevos rancheros And The eggs Benedict.