My daughter and I spotted Pere Antoine while walking through the French Quarter while my wife and other daughter held our place in line at Preservation Hall.  We decided we would have to come back the next day, especially since my daughter wanted to try the bananas fosters beignet fries.  We're glad we came back.  Of all the beignets we had in NOLA, we thought these were the best, whether with the powdered sugar or with the bananas foster on top of them.  An interesting variation on beignets.The only thing this place has going for it is location & atmosphere. The food is below mediocre. There are much better restaurants in the area. I've had better spinach & artichoke dip at chain restaurants. This tasted watery & it had a pile of unmelted cheddar cheese on top. Not impressed.Skip this place. Great location, our wait person was friendly and got everything right...ok...so why 2 stars? Awful food, shrimp appetizer was wrapped in raw bacon, appetizer trio was small portion of meh dishes (fried green tomatoes were good), crab, spinach, artichoke dip had no crab taste and raw red onion??. Scrambled eggs were barely average, grits were unidentifiable as same, liquidy, lumpy, greasy mess. I mean if you can't do grits right in NOLA get outta town. Oh yeah and $12 drinksI wish I had seen the reviews before entering. The food is just gross. Kraft slices on an egg croissant with only one side filled with eggs. The hash browns were bright yellow from all the margarine and soggy. Water brought to us in cheap plastic cups with straws. Wow. The service sucked. Our waiter treated me like a 12 year old speaking in a condescending rushed manner as if I was a burden. There's a reason there is not a 45 minute wait here.What drew me in was the "cocktails to go" sign. And the realization I had to pee.... Wanted a more upscale cocktail and bathroom than most of the French Quarter spots.... Bathrooms were decent (tho if I were eating there they would freak me out a little.) Got the Voo Doo cocktail - - very delicious. And strong. Well worth the $12Average at best. Bland food. The spicy wasn't spicy and most of the other dishes we ordered had no real favor or personality. Weak, sugary, touristy drinks.... When you're in the Quarter, the bar is set low for good service and quality food unless you eat at the pricier restaurants. This place did not even meet my lowered expectations. Don't spend your money at a place like this were there is just general apathy regarding the food and drink preparation.... Move along! Nothing to see here folks!I had a great fruity drink that had a surprising amount of alcohol in it! The sausage po boy was a little disappointing, there was too much bread and not enough sausage.Great food all the samplers are a must try ask for Kenneth as your waiter he will make your experience!!!The food was pretty bad. The service was so so. The atmosphere was great. My son ordered the hamburger with cheddar cheese no bun.  The quality of the meat appeared to be the lowest level that can be purchased.  They forgot the cheese.  When we mentioned it they took it back into the kitchen, sprinkled some grated cheese on it and returned with the burger with the cheese not melted.  My wife ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo.  They brought her the shrimp or seafood gumbo.  After getting the correct dish, I tasted the soup and it was good.  No complaints on the taste of the soup.  I ordered the jambalaya.  There were three pieces of tiny shrimp from a can on top, the sausage was tough and I barely noticed the chicken.  The flavor of the rice was good although the dish was somewhat on the dry side.  The vegetables were overcooked and mushy. The bill was wrong as they charged for both gumbo soups.  Pere Antoine must not have a good reputation.  The Gumbo Shop had an hour wait and we got right into Pere Antoine.  The one positive note is that we did not have to wait and I really enjoyed the atmosphere.Honestly.. I really do NOT understand how some of the reviews were written here. My lady is VERY particular to what kind of food she eats and how it's prepared (frozen or fresh) and she didn't complain, I was amazed. Came here for dinner and had paneed chicken with Alfredo sauce, delicious. I had my breakfast just now (big easy) and it was delish. Staff is very professional and very friendly . I ate here twice, zero complaints. Might come here again before I leave. Some people on yelp are harsh, but I also can understand personal experiences not being good leading to those types of reviews.Do not go here!!!! The food is not very good!! I had the fried seafood platter and everything was fried so long that it was difficult to chew!!! Service is slow as hell and the tables are so crammed into a small space that you can barely squeeze through. Bad idea to eat here!!!The Nona fish was definitely frozen and tasted fishy. It was also $19 and supposed to have lump crab meat on top which was scarce. The sauce on the Angels on horseback was runny and just ok. The gumbo didn't have much flavor. Atmosphere was nice.Disgusting flavorless garbage - so sad the only meal I had in New Orleans that was that bad - avoid this place - don't go - the staff was slow and unfriendly they were annoyedAccidentally stumbled in this place for dinner. Wasted 20$ on fish and 15 $ on rice and beans. Simply not good!Beau was an exceptional server! A true gentleman who checks back frequently on his tables. The jambalaya was great and a decent sized portion. Loved the atmosphere and swiftness of the service. You have to try the bananas fosterWe passed by this restaurant and it was really crowded.  So we stopped in for lunch.  I wish we would have yelped this restaurant first.  The food was terrible and so was the service.  After about thirty minutes our entrée arrived and then the soup after the entree.  They could have kept the food.  It did not taste good.  It tasted as if they had just put a can of tomatoes, chicken, and rice in a dish with no spices. There was no flavor at all.  My husband's seafood dish was tasted equally as bland.  The gumbo was rice and protein in a broth with no flavor.  I'm sad this was my last meal in New Orleans  after all the amazing meals we had in New Orleans this one  was lacking in any flavor.Stopped in today for lunch between the bands at the festival at Congo Square. We put in our name and for a party of 2 the wait was about 15 mins , normal , so stayed .
Once seated, we waited . When server arrived we were ready to order . She only wanted drink order but said we were ordering all as long wait for her to come over . One draft beer and two salads , one with fried oysters . Apparently the fried oysters made our order take forever. Granted a Saturday afternoon , 1:00 ish . But , it was the longest wait for food I can remember . 
The oysters were good , Cesar ok and the chef /truly ok at best .  The tomato was the smush to top it off . We have been once before , sat at bar , enjoyed a cocktail and appetizers , so why not try lunch .
We tried and will not return for food.I came here with my friends while visiting New Orleans because it was conveniently located while we were walking around the area. The scenic patio looked amazing so we decided to give it a try. The open window patio makes it a great place for people watching. I ordered the Jambalaya Omelette with grits and paired it with a mimosa. It took  quite some time to receive our food but our waiter was courteous and attentive to our table. The Jambalaya Omelette was good but the shrimp in the omelette didn't look fresh and the grits tasted bland.Food was okay, but served luke warm and took forever. Wine was delivered in a plastic cup. Over priced for what you get. Would not recommend.Awesome gluten free friendly restaurant in the French Quarter!  Good food!  Good Times!My fiancée and I stopped here for dinner and we're looking for something a little better than all the fried food found in NOLA. This place was pretty good! He got the pasta with Alfredo sauce. The sauce was a bit watered down but there were lots of veggies in his dish. I got he BBQ shrimp and it was more Cajun than BBQ but still pretty tasty.  We had a nice, light and airy French bread. The service was great and the servings were just the right amount.I LOVE THIS PLACE. In the middle of the Quarter on Royal St. I found this place 3 years ago and it has become the FIRST place I go to everytime I land in NOLA for a vacation. I'm in love with the Mardi Gras Pasta dinner plate and guilty to say I only order this so I can't rave about the rest of the menu. Whether alone or with people, I always sit at the bar because their bartenders make you feel like family the minute they set eyes on you. Comfortable with great southern hospitality. The staff and manager Josh that I met my weekend stay gave me great service, awesome conversation and local recommendations for other food to check out in the city. Never disappoints.From the sounds of what people said about this place it seemed like a hit or miss. For us it was a hit. We came at around 715pm - right after our 5pm ghost tour. We got seated right away and had great service. Our server was a guy named Joseph. He was extremely helpful when we were trying to choose our dishes, since Creole food offers a wide variety of flavors. We ended up ordering the Creole Sampler and the Blackened catfish topped with crawfish. I highly suggest that if it's a date night, try to order something extremely different from your significant other so that you can share. Both dishes were awesome!!! The creole sampler itself is great because of variety plus it came with bread pudding dessert that we got to share. I'd definitely be back again.We had a good meal and the service was fast. They get a 3 instead of 4 because the food was good but not exceptional. Still, the omelets and grits were tasty and hit the spot. Plus they are gluten- free friendly.If there is only one thing you eat at this place eat the barbecue crab legs in the appetizer platter. It's Louisiana style barbecue which was amazing . All their food was good and reasonably priced. Loved it.The atmosphere was cool with open windows looking into the quarter, but that's where the pros end.  The bacon on our Angels on Horseback was basically rare, the catfish in the Catfish Acadiana was way overcooked, and the Red Bean omelette had very undercooked eggs.  The double mimosa was alright, but very weak.  The brandy milk punch was gone in 3 sips and obviously not homemade. 
Our server was nice, but overall the service and food presentation was slow.Absolutely horrible!!! Not only were the burgers extremely dry and bland our waiter was as well. The french fries tasted as if they were fried with beignets. The catfish was not seasoned and neither were the shrimp. To seal the deal on the horrible food and service...overpriced!!Food was mediocre tourist food and service was slow - only bc very few waiters and a ton of people. It looks super quaint but it is a hole. Took 30 minutes to get a drink and got  our appetizer oyster shooters well after meal. Charles was working but only person serving and it took a toll. The food was blah. My ettouffe had literally 8 baby tails.What's better than a beignet at cafe du monde in the morning? Beignet fries at night! These were delicious and I actually prefer them because they're easier to eat and slightly less messy. You do have to like bananas though.We stopped here for dinner while wandering around the French Quarter. The service was good; the host wasn't particularly welcoming, but our server, David, was great. He showed off his language skills--French, Spanish and Italian--while we were ordering and when he came to check on our table. 
We ordered the Gumbo Deux--seafood gumbo and chicken and sausage gumbo--and the shrimp and oyster po'boy. Both were quite good. The oysters were excellent and the gumbos were delicious. We'll come again when next we are in town!You have to try the catfish oyster Po boy combo.  Came out hot as well as very meaty French fries.  Worth the moderate price.Good service but I was not a fan of the food at all. I got some pasta thing with a creole sauce and it was just bland and tasted like nothing. The servers were very friendly but the food just wasn't up to par in my opinion. Cute place and nice atmosphere thoughTerrible food. Didn't even eat my meal and was charged full price..do your tastebuds a favor and go to Tableau just down the way. Thank me laterTwo words: TOURIST TRAP.  The only thing this place has going for it is location & atmosphere. The food is below mediocre. There are much better restaurants in the area. I've had better spinach & artichoke dip at chain restaurants. This tasted watery & it had a pile of unmelted cheddar cheese on top. Not impressed.It was POURING rain as we passed Pere Antoine. Kenneth (a member of the wait staff) called out to us as we passed and we decided lunch was the refuge we wanted from the deluge. He seated us at a lovely table by a window, where we were able to people watch. 
Drinks: 
* Top Shelf Margarita (the BEST we've ever tasted)
* Voodoo (something) also very good
Food:
* Pinaed Chicken with Linguini Alfredo (very tasty)
* Crawfish Pasta Bayou (amazing! so delish!)
* Pasta with shrimp and crawfish cakes topped with lump crabmeat (I died and went to shellfish eating heaven)
Ask for Kenneth. He was funny, attentive and quick with recommendations on what we should eat/drink. He turned our frowns upsidedown. Definitely our best meal of the weekend.Don't get fooled by the crowd. Ordered the shrimp creole...literally had three tiny shrimps in it. Unbelievable!Liked the open air atmosphere and our service was quick and friendly.   My husband ordered the chicken and sausage gumbo and was disappointed with only one small piece of sausage in his serving.  Nice flavor but lacked sausage and chicken.   He had a sausage po boy which was good.   Fresh bread and toppings on the spicy sausage.   I had a Caesar salad which was dripping with dressing, so not so great. Dressing on the side is a must here.   Prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area.Lunch here was a great finish to our weekend. Food was fantastic and David made the experience a memorable one.We went here on a whim. We were super hungry and the menu looked ok. 
How is it possible to take so many ingredients and just suck the flavor out? It's a shame to have such a beautiful building in the quarter with such a shameful interior and beyond sub par food and decor.Just ordered blackened fish with crawfish. And loved it. I recommend this place. Great customer service. Eat here!We sat down at our table. It took 30 minutes to get someone to bring us water or take our order. After two or three more visits they finally took our order and then we waited another 40 minutes to get our food. The restaurant was half full when we placed the order. Our drinks were empty several times with no service checking on us. And no apology for the slow service. 
The food was good. :)was with friends looking for a low key brunch- typically I go to $$$ or $$$$ places but wanted to just have a quick bite of fuel. 
We stepped in Pere Antoine and the menu was priced reasonably. The beignet fries were a show stopper. Not like cafe du monde but more like funnel cake fries- crunchy rather than fluffy. I enjoyed the breakfast sandwich and got hashbrowns with it.
Food:
Beignet fries
2 turkey clubs on a croissant 
breakfast sandwich, no meat
Drinks:
Bellini
Mimosa
Service:
Kind and attentive. Checked on us a few timesWe stopped in for a quick drink and took a seat at the bar. Kenneth provided us with exactly what we wanted, and he was extremely cordial. We will keep Pere Antoine on our list of places to grab a drink and hopefully explore their menu on our next trip.Great place to eat if you don't have taste buds. Caesar salad overdressed, crab cakes were gummy and tasted like cheap canned tuna. This place should be avoided at all costs.While looking for a lunch spot without a wait this place as wide open ...mistake. After sitting 45 minutes for water we were served by a waiter we saw folding napkins ten minutes before. 
Bbq shrimp were over spiced and covered up any shrimp.
Gumbo flavor was good, probably the best of the trip, but lacked in seafood.
Jambalaya was horrible with no flavor and felt like it was made from a spice mix.
Recommendation: at the bar Gumbo, cocktail and leaveI had a great experience when visiting. We had a fairly large party and they seated us almost immediately. This was surprising since it was so busy. 
The food was delicious. We had an order of the beignets fries. The kids made short work of them. I had the red bean omelette with grits on the side. Let me say that I am not a big red bean or grits person. I figured I'm in New Orleans so eat like the Romans (or something like that). Their grits were creamy possibly cooked with butter or maybe added at the end. I gave them a shake or two of hot sauce and would take a half for of the red bean and cheddar omelette and half grits. Wow. I will definitely be coming back. 
My family definitely had a good experienceFirst time dinner on a Wednesday night, all seats open at the bar.
The weather is heating up, so I'm replacing "red beans" quest with "salad" quest.  Blackened Chicken Caesar was, in a word, great!
Bartender was friendly, CNN not Fox on TV, cool and quiet atmosphere, in my favorite part of the Quarter.
Solid three stars, will add to the regular rotation.The breakfast menu here is impressive. Omelettes, BYO omelette, shrimp & grits, waffles, etc. We were quickly seated on a Tuesday morning when we were famished and in need of breakfast food. 
I had the red beans omelette with grits. The omelette was good but a bit on the watery side (probably due to the beans it was stuffed with). The grits needed a ton of salt but the texture was all there. My boyfriend created his own omelette which was good but his homefries were cold.
Service here is spotty. Our waitress got our drink order, then our food order, then did not stop by until we were almost done with our meal. It seemed the same with the other tables, too. Not a bad spot if you're in the Quarter and need some breakfast but don't expect top notch service.Better off limiting your order to an oyster shooter or a cup of coffee.  Food is not prepared well and overpriced.  There are far too many great restaurants in New Orleans to stop at this one.  In particular, NEVER order the red beans and rice or the roast beef po boy here!horrible food and terrible service.... if i wanted frozen shrimp i could have gone to reb lobsterI think this place is still in business because of it's location. Otherwise, nothing special here. 
Food - Nothing special. You can get better food at restuarants on Frenchman street. 
Service - Eh. Could do better.
Ambiance - The only good thing going for this place. You can sit on tables by the windows and can people watch.
Cleanliness - 2 stars out of 5. Our table was sticky and asked if it could be wiped down but I think our waitress forgot about that. 
Skip this place.Not very impressed with the restaurant. Stopped in for lunch and we could not be seated by the windows (3 different tables open and they were never seated while we were there). We asked and were told no by the hostess. We were sat in the back of the dining room with a lady folding napkins directly next to us. She is mainly the reason for the low rating. She was very disruptive. Kept talking to herself and interacting with other employee's who looked like they were having lunch in the dining room and watching the football game. She kept saying she had anger issues and talked about her bets.... She also kept slamming the table and making loud noises. The food was OK.... Not my favorite by any means. The lunch special - crab and crawfish cake po boy was extremely mushy. The oyster po boy was good. The drinks were good. Waitress was attentive. There are so many better restaurants in the area for the price.Lovely atmosphere. The windows, around most of the restaurant, are great! Sadly, the cook did  not take seafood cooking 101. I ordered the shrimp and grits on Friday night, and was so excited About it! Not a typical fare, in Phoenix, AZ. The grist were good and there was a sauce carrying several small (very small) shrimp, that was super tasty. There were also about a half dozen small to medium tail/on shrimp that had been tossed in to the dish. Those shrimp were rock hard! I mean, I think they were microwaved, they were so nasty and hard!!! Who does that? We are in New Orleans, for goodness sakes. Every cook in the city should know that you cannot overlook shrimp. Unbelievable. Ruined the whole dish for me. Teach your cooks, Pere Antoine! This is basic stuff.Thought it had a nice ambiance, friendly servers, but would say the food was mediocre. I had the New Orleans sampler which had the gumbo which wasn't bad, the red beans was probably the tastiest of the sampler. I thought the shrimp creole wasn't good. The shrimp were tasty but it was basically in can tomato sauce, nothing special that I couldn't replicate at home. The bread pudding was a little too sweet for my liking since it had a cream sauce and caramel on top but the pudding itself would have been good. The specials of the day was shrimp nacho which the bf thought would be tasty but they used the fake cheese sauce and too much of it. It would have been easy and much better melting real cheese over it and putting some red beans on top or something. I'd say the food had some semi-highs and some lows.If we could give it less stars we would. Granted, perhaps our expectations may be higher than some but crawfish etoufee should have some crawfish in it, not what looked like canned shrimp in a brown sauce from a pkg.  No I am not exaggerating. The  jambalaya was at least eatable, but the sausage in it was like fried erasers, and the spice was minimal, and tasted like cannned tomato sauce.  The "steamed fresh" veges were microwaved frozen pieces, and not even warmed through.  The half and half shrimp creole was about a cup of sauce with frozen?canned? shrimp? pieces a cup of plain rice in the middle and the other side was some sort of tasteless mess that wasn't eatable.  Worst restaurant experience in a long time.  AVOID AT ALL COSTS. And apparently we had thought this was antoines, and got pere antoines, capitalizing on the name and same street,  oops!  Well we were fooled once I guess.I strayed away from Yelp with this restaurant and what a mistake that was! Friends and I were interested in the late night dining after a great ghost tour. Our server Jacob was wonderful, really great easy going personality and best of all hospitality. I ordered the crab and spinach dip for an appetizer with the expectation of having a traditional spinach dip with chunks of crab. In reality what I received was a watered down, extremely salty soup with what may have been spinach at one time. The vegetable Alfredo was a mixture of old frozen vegetables and watered down sauce. This restaurant does have a beautiful location, they would be a great candidate for Restaurant Impossible.After wandering in search for a reasonably priced restaurant opened later (past 10pm) on Sunday in the French Quarter, we stumbled upon Pere Antoine. When we first entered the restaurant there was a large congregation of staff in black uniforms just hanging out. In the dining room, there was a large party of French speaking patrons and a few couples having a late night dinner. I thought the food was average and suited our late night needs, but I want to note our server went above and beyond, was exceptionally friendly and very attentive.
We had blackened chicken salad with vinaigrette, vegetables, chicken and alfredo pasta. Finally, for dessert we had pecan pie with mounds of whipped cream.Disregard all if the reviews left during Mardi gras. Not fair. Good food nice service.This place is good, and if you're hungry and walking around the French quarter looking for a cheap place to eat, it's a good option. The chicken and andouille gumbo and jambalaya are pretty good and the huge portion is only $11. I saw a lot of people ordering their breakfast sandwiches and bloody Mary's which looked good too.I was willing to give this place a shot, despite the bad yelp reviews, but I was wrong.
My friend was craving a burger, so we stopped in and upon requesting the burger medium rare, was told that it wasn't possible because their burgers are FROZEN.
Ok, I guess that is ok if you don't/can't use freshly ground meat, but I was offended because the frozen burger cost $11 and the description in the menu said "our classic old fashioned half-pound burger" or something like that. I think that is really misleading and dishonest. Fries sucked and the burger tasted like a soulless frozen burger.
This place is a tourist trap, AVOID AT ALL COSTS.Ordered the crab cakes. Mushy and gummy. Gumbo and shrimp creole watery with tiny popcorn shrimp . Everything we had was watery and thin. Won't go back.Walked into an empty restaurant one Wednesday morning. We are a party of four. There was a beautiful table in the window that seated five. They would not seat us there. The table remained empty the entire time we were there. The food is OK. But pricey for what you get. Much better choices in New Orleans, but we were on a tight schedule because we had to leave to catch a flight so we didn't have any other choice but to stay. But we saw other customers get up and leave. Wish we had that option.Management is very unreasonable. Their policies are very unreasonable. Can we get our eggs over easy instead of scrambled? No! We only offer scrambled. Could we substitute french fries instead of the rice? No, no substitutions allowed. Wish I had read the yelp reviews before we picked this place. .The service was poor. The staff never smiled...probably means management is lacking. The ambiance was perfect. The food was above average. 3 stars. If you can't wait in line for an excellent restaurant, this is you're place. This place is a people watching Mecca.My wife and I stopped by for dinner after going on a ghost tour. There was a wait for a table but the host updated us on the wait time frequently. We had the red beans with sausage as well as the breakfast sandwich. This was by far one of the best red beans and sausage that I had while in town! Tamara(sp?) is one of the best waiters that I've ever interacted with. She was funny, knowledgeable, and very helpful. Out of all of the places in New Orleans you have to check this place out.This place had the worst service I have experienced in years. It took an hour to get our food at 1:00 in the afternoon and then the order was wrong and cold. There was no apology from the waitress who was hard to find during the time we were waiting. She also kind of threw/dropped anything she delivered to our table. We tried to be friendly with her when we arrived but she never responded and was surly when she did speak. The food was just so so.Best blackened catfish I ever had. Servers were friendly and attentive. Special shout out to Kenneth, for making the experience extremely pleasant. Try the lemon mascarpone cake. Heavenly!My fiancée and I stumbled over this place while walking in Royal St. After going in and ordering, we received our drinks quickly and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The chicken and salmon we ordered were both spicy enough, and the vegetables tasted fine despite their rather worn and overlooked look. The food in our opinion was about 20% overpriced. It's an ok restaurant for what we got.I do not get the poor reviews as all! The food was good and the ambiance was wonderful. Our waiter, Jerry, was prepped with hand sanitizer and mints.While the location was nice, the food was just not good. I was really disappointed in the food and the "I could care less" attitude of the servers. While our main server was nice, he was flippant about the menu and really wasn't a help when inquiring about the different dishes.
I was hoping to have a nice dinner during my last night in town and I was majorly disappointed.
The cost definitely isn't worth the experience. I wish I just went back to Pat O'Briens for local food or found someplace better. Yuk.We stopped in late Tuesday evening for something to eat before bed.  The server was very nice and had a thick creole accent.  There were not many people in the place as it was around 10:30pm. He let us sit in the window corner table so we could people watch as we waited.
The service was a little slow but perhaps they aren't staffed that much on a late Tuesday evening.  
Our food was hot and good.  My fried green tomatoes were delicious. My husband ordered a half and half plate.  It was a bit underwhelming.  Half of his plate was a red sauce with 4 mini shrimp,  a row of rice down the middle of the plate, and the other side was a etouffe sauce.  The flavors were good there just wasn't much substance.On our first night in New Orleans, we spent a long time browsing the French Quarter for a place to eat and not have to wait forever. It was later in the evening, probably around 7:30 when we settled on Pere Antoine.
The wait wasn't bad and we were seated after about 5 minutes. The atmosphere was excellent and we liked the decor of the place and the large windows, where you can watch the people walking by on the street.
Unfortunately, that is about all this place had going for it. It took about 5-10 minutes to be approached by our server, who had a good demeanor and attitude, but was slow otherwise. We ordered our drinks and then food when the drinks were delivered. The waiter did not write our order down and took it by memory.
I ordered the Bayou Pasta and my husband ordered the Chicken Creole. The Bayou Pasta was bland! I have had much better pasta pretty much anywhere. The Chicken Creole was good, but wasn't chicken. They served the shrimp creole instead. This seemed to be a common issue here as every table around us had some issue with their order at some point.
The highlight of this place was the Bananas Foster Beignet Fries. These were fantastic! I would recommend coming here just for that alone!Go here for ambience, not to eat.  I loved sitting here with a drink in my hand, watching the people go by on Royal.  There are tables right by the window and its just fabulous to feel like you are sitting outside, watching all the traffic go by.
I did not have food here so I cannot comment on that, but our mixed drinks were divine.This restaurant came off as average to us when we visited for dinner a month ago (I stroke the review then and failed to post it). Some niceties were the staff.  We were given our choice of a fairly crowded dining room that had large windows open to the streets or a quieter area near the bar; we appreciated the option.  Also our waiter was very attentive.  As I mentioned the food was just average.My Rajun Cajun omelet was a bland burned pile of goo. Service was as poor as the omelette.Food was some of the best we had in New Orleans over the weekend.  Highly recommend to anyone visiting. Service was excellent.Food was tasty. Got seated quickly on a Saturday and food came quickly. We had the Big Easy Breakfast sandwich with hash browns. The food could have been a little warmer but was still good.We thought that being off the beaten path, Bourbon Street, that the food would be better. Afraid it wasn't. Spouse ordered fried fish and fries. It came out cold. I ordered Cajun pasta and the sausage was very low quality. No flavor whatsoever. Thought the Southern hospitality would make up for it but the waiter was less than friendly. Won't be going back nor referring others to go there.The service was good and that's about it. The interior was nice but the Food was bland and overpriced. Better choices are available. Don't be in a rush and eat at the place right in front of you (like I did)...Awesome and authentic Cajun food. Oysters were big and awesome. Good food and good value. Staff was friendly and attentive. Can't go wrong in New Oreleans.This place wasn't that bad. I had the 1/2 shrimp creole 1/2 crawfish étouffée meal. The crawfish was good but I had to doctor up the creole. It was pretty bland. After some hot sauce and salt I was able to eat it. My husband had the red beans and rice and sausage. Good too. Lots of food. My drink the Voodoo Brew was good. Dessert was the bananas foster  fries. It was good. Could not finish it all.