After 3 weeks of working in the area I finally found a place off of Magazine that is not overrated. Friendly staff! Y'all know I love Phò so it's pretty damn good!Soup was fresh spicy and delicious! Wish it was closer to our house because I would eat there all the time!A pho place that checks all the boxes but doesnt have the best of anything.  We went to Lily's the day before, so I guess this review is a compare and contrast.  Decor is simple, white wall with 7 frames of challenge winners and 2 laggy TVs.  The service is fine, not as personal, but nothing really to complain.  The food was the biggest difference between the places.  The pho was plain, no complexity, almost like it came from a dry seasoning pack.  They also recommended the chicken vermicelli as one of their best -- it wasn't.  First off, they call it vermicelli but they used pho noodle instead?  What!!?? It was thick, heavy, and full the stomach quick --- everything a vermicelli not suppose to be.  Anyway, we left unsatisfied.Steamed buns for the adults. Beef & Broccoli for the kids. Great service. Good for kids. Food holds up if you opt to take out. Our favorite to go spot.The spicy beef pho is wonderful. The broth is really good, the best I've had in a while. Service is great too!Love this place! Quick, delicious and service is great. Pho, bahn mis and spring rolls are all perfect! Never miss an opportunity to eat here.Great pho and the service was outstanding.  Easy parking too.  Staff enjoys serving and makes you feel welcome.  Food was very good.Quaint new spot on magazine. Had beef spring rolls with a peanut sauce to start.   Delicious,  yet they could use something crunchy like cucumber or carrots but still well executed.  My standard pho with round eye and brisket was ordered for my entree. Great flavorful broth served with all the usual trimmings. Great meal with adequate service in a very clean and polished atmosphere.  If Vietnamese food is what you are craving,  this place will hit the spot for a good price.We were tourists that escaped deep-fried-shtuff (DPS) of French Quarter in search of something plain and comforting. We found this place based on the yelp reviews, and I feel obliged to say thank you for all the reviewers and the restaurant owners and staff. 
Clearest broth, option to add veggies to it (do it!), crispy sprouts, and when you can't wait for it a variety of spring rolls you can have... This was by far one of two most satisfying meals of my almost week long trip to New Orleans.Great. everything super tasty, and you can't beat the prices. Also really nice to sit outside on the porch, it avoids the dreaded TV while dining (the lowest class practice I can think of). Definitely my favorite place for inexpensive eats in Nola. Can't remember the names of the fancy Vietnamese places in Nola but I've been to the one on Freret and the one on Magazine, and they were both just ok and far more expensive.Fantabulous ! Got the brown vermicil noodles and everything was seasoned perfectly - watch out pho Tao bay!Had take out for lunch today.  Have always loved their Pho, but just had the Best Grilled Pork vermicelli I've ever had!!  Delish.  Highly recommend.In a city where the best Vietnamese food can often be found outside of a restaurant, pho cam ly strives to change the norm.  Right away one might think that this is just another pho restaurant that caters to Americans because it is nestled on the beautiful Magazine street in uptown. I sure did. But I was pleasantly surprised to be proven wrong. First, the menu isn't by any means limited. Along with offering a wide variety of pho and com dishes, I was delighted to see bun bo hue on the menu (though I admit I haven't tried it yet). I've been disappointed too many times to see the dish not included on other menus, so that was a plus. Second,  the dish I ordered, pho chin gan, was very delicious. Not only were they generous with their meat portion, the soup wasn't too oily. Too often I've left pho restaurants too full of oil that I end up being a couch potato the rest of the day. However, I did have a bite of my girlfriend's pho ga and the chicken was disappointing. It was quite dry and made her meal less satisfying.
Another reason I enjoy pho cam ly is the excitement of the pho challenge. A whopping bowl consisting of two pounds of meat and another two pounds of noodles awaits anyone with nerves of steel, four stomaches and 40 bucks (plus tax). I took on the challenge and failed terribly but the waiters were quite encouraging and made my failure a little less saddening.
I encourage anyone to come here. Not only do you get a good meal, there's always a chance you'll get a show too.This is a small family run restaurant with really authentic Vietnamese food. I really enjoyed going to Pho Cam Ly regularly when we lived in NOLA.
The people in the restaurant are very nice and friendly. We went so often and got to know them well. Once they even recognized our voices on the phone when we called in with different numbers -- just shows you a personal touch you don't see in many Vietnamese restaurants.
The food is excellent, affordable, authentic. The Pho is great, perfect for cold days. Very generous serving at low prices. We also always order spring rolls (eat wrapped in lettuce) and she shaken beef/ bo luc lac. The place is very clean and the location is great.
Ate here many times and is always consistent!
Highly recommended.Can't believe I'd never been here before- I live right around the corner! Pho Cam Ly is everything I want my pho place to be- unassuming and delicious. This is the first pho place I've found on this side of the river that serves tendon in their pho! The broth was amazing and the price was right! I'll definitely be backBest pho I've had in a long time. If you are ever on magazine and have a hankering for some authentic Vietnamese cuisine, don't be afraid to hop on this bandwagon. The service was great and the food was even better.Pho is cheaper than everywhere else and you can still get a ton.  There is food challenge here and you can find my face on the wall of shame as I did not finish it, this was a few years back before they increased the price by 10 dollars.  
I will recommend the pho combo large, and its more authentic than all the bougie places.  If you are here just for good food and don't want to drive across the bridge, this is a solid place.  In standard NOLA style, this place looks like its inside of a house.  Find parking on one of the perpendiculars.  
[rating scale: 5 stars is my favorite of this type +/- an insane deal if the food is super cheap; 4 stars a normal haunt I revisit; 3 nice but once is enough; 2 I did not get food poisoning; 1 Damn I got staph here]Finally checked this relatively new place on Magazine Street out! Since I am almost always craving Vietnamese food on Sundays, and since most places are closed on Sundays, I was pleasantly surprised to find out they are open on Sundays! SundaY!
The inside of the restaraunt is clean and spacious, nothing fancy. There is also an outdoor patio that is nice to people watch from. I ordered a beef pho, a fried egg bahn mi, and some spring rolls. The pho was a generous portion, although the broth wasn't my favorite, it was still pretty good. I really enjoyed the bahn mi. The bread was super fresh!Very simple, with a fried egg, butter, carrots, cilantro. I like dipping the sandwich in the broth... The spring rolls were good as well, the peanut sauce served with them was on point.
I have now been here a few times, sometimes just to get their Thai Tea. If you're craving something sweet, they make a good one. (And give you a few inches of whipped cream on the top).
The best part of this place is the price! Probably some of the less expensive Vietnamese uptown. And the staff have always been very friendly. Definitely give this place a try if you are looking for good value and pretty decent food!Love this place. The food is authentic and the portions are generous and reasonably priced. Service and ambiance are very typical for a Vietnamese restaurant - comfortable and friendly. I love that they have options for small or large sizes for their soups. I also love that they have the option of brown rice noodles instead of white rice noodles - that's hard to find. Overall, this hidden gem is one of my top choices for Vietnamese in New Orleans.I know Pho. I eat and frequent most pho restaurants in this city. With the recent explosion of pho restaurants uptown and on this side of the river I have had a hard time finding a place that serves Tendon. I think because most places are designed to serve white people or non Asians. This place has Tendon and a damn good broth. In my opinion the best pho on this side if you know what I mean. Super excited about getting my Tendon fix so close to home. ThanksBest traditional Vietnamese in the city of New Orleans.Mmmmm. Now that hit the spot! I have to admit, I had low expectations. I've had some meh pho lately. But this place offers a solid, good bowl of pho. It's not going to knock your socks off, it's not fancy, it's just simply good. My husband had the vegetarian broth, vegetables, and tofu. I had the beef broth, beef, and vegetable. The next time we're in town, we will be sure to come back.I ate here for the first time this evening with my fiancé for dinner. We enjoyed the meal and I'd like to go back again to try other items. The service was slow to start- we say for a bit before our orders were taken, but it was attentive thereafter. We hit the grilled pork spring rolls to start- they were fantastic. Grilled nicely with charred crispy edges and lots of meat. He got the grilled pork and egg roll noodle bowl, which was yummy. I got the spicy brisket pho, which was good but I had to add a lot to make it spicy. Also it lacked some of the flavors I like best in pho- star anise, beef broth, etc. It was good though and filling; lots of meat and noodles. I'm interested to try a regular pho to see if those traditional flavors are there. I'll be back!I popped in last minute for a quick bite! The spring rolls were delicious,  and they do this thing where they make Tacos out of bao bun stuff. so yummy.  super clean,  great decor too. I'll be back!Scrumptious. Favorites are vegetable pho, avocado spring rolls, tofu with broccoli, and sweet jasmine tea :)This place was fantastic. I had the banh mi lemongrass chicken sandwich which was great. My wife had the everything Pho and it was even better. Great cold green tea. Happy, friendly staff.I had to try the egg roll in spring roll appetizer.  I've never had anything like it before and was really curious.  It's exactly as you would imagine and comes with a good peanut sauce.  The egg roll is still warm and crunchy and is surrounded by the cool fresh roll with greens and noodles.  Fun and delicious.  4 stars for showing me something new and tasty.  
I had a small Pho Ga.  Good.  Average.  They managed to make sure the white chicken meat was still tender.  I hate when it comes floating in my soup and is dry and tough.  The usual accompaniments were there.  Basil, sprouts, lime, jalepenos.  It's 3 star pho.  
The prices are very good and the staff is friendly.  I like the space quite a bit.  I would come back and try some bun.  I like Lily's better so far but haven't had enough of either menu to be definitive.  Worth a try!One of the cleanest restaurants I've ever seen. The food is consistently good (the won ton is super yummy) Service is consistently good. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans.Grilled pork spring rolls were delicious and made to order and were served with a nice peanut sauce. The pork vermicelli bowl was also good. My fiancé enjoyed her spicy beef soup, though it isn't very spicy upon service. They give you a container of chili oil for you to inflict your own punishment. They have a pho challenge, which costs $50 and you have to eat 2 pounds of meat and 2 pounds of noodles to be victorious. You don't have to consume al of the broth. According to the official wall of champions, there have been only three successful champions. Maybe you will be next?This is probably the best Vietnamese food I've had in my life. And I happen to be at now. The best bond me sandwich in the world. Must have thought make sure you get the large it's one hour extra. Really good neighborhood and great serviceI really wanted to like this place! we were greeted by friendly servers, it looked very clean so what could be bad? the food. we ordered shrimp and pork spring rolls and some pork entree. when the food arrived so did an overwhelming wet dog smell. we could not figure out where it came from. we smelled everything and ended up thinking it came from the plates..? if you have ever gotten an eggy wet dog odor from your breakfast egg plates, you will know what I mean. it completely put us off our food, which was underwhelming to say the least. The spring rolls..only after eating them on the way home did I realize they did not have any pork in them..they were bland. The pork entree was equally bad..looked like spa food, 2 slices of cucumber, 2 slices of fancy cut carrot, a huge mound of rice and some sliced pork. not much flavor to any of it. won't go back.The pho was really good, the (eye-round steak) Tai was cut in thin slices. The broth was clear. Everything about this place was authenticMeh.  The hubby and I went here for an early lunch, and my favorite thing was the Soda Chanh.
We got the eggrolls and the nem nuong spring rolls.  They were both ok.  I always look to see if Vietnamese places give you plenty of loose leaf lettuce to eat with your eggrolls, cause that's how I ate it at home as a kid.  So, no loose leaf lettuce, means you get negative points.  The spring roll was very plain and you get charged extra to add crispy elements.  More negative points.
For the actual meal, the hubby got his go to banh mi thit nuong and I decided to go with the bun bo hue.  The pork was grisly and chewy and there was no pate or mayo.  The broth for the bun was decent, but not as flavorful as I would like.
Overall, it was ok, but we probably won't be back.  At least they were very nice.I find it hard to find pho with white meat chicken. This is the second location in the city where it's been pretty good. The broth is simple and you can build the flavor profile as you wish. Staff was friendly and food came fast.Saturday night was our first time there. The food was great along with the sevice and cozy atmosphere.I stopped in for lunch here while shopping with my Mom on Magazine Street. And the staff was lovely and attentive. The space is really open and attractive.
The food was good and the prices were inexpensive compared to other Vietnamese places. And the food is more traditional than some of the other spots uptown/garden district. 
I had veggie avocado spring rolls and they were perfect. My Mom had a small pho (which was huge for her) and she really enjoyed it. I also had the bun with tofu and it was OK. 
There were definitely regulars who must be in all the time since they were greeted and asked if they wanted their usual dishes, which I would appreciate if I were a regular. The porch seating seemed to be dog friendly too.
The steps were a bit steep and my Mom did struggle with them a little but she had been walking all over the place for a few hours.For my money this is the best Pho in New Orleans - the ingredients are fresh and the noodles have a nice spring to them. The broth is really the star - a lot of people will dose their Pho in all kind of sriracha and sauces and I feel like that would be an insult to the broth here. It stands on its own as not needing anything. It has a good mix of salt and fat without being overly heavy. I recommend getting the steamed vegetables added to your beef pho.Ordered the pho dac Biet and beef spring rolls.
Pho isn't over the top. Their tendons are a little off-putting. Trust me, I love me some tendons in my pho, but it wasn't happening for me here. I have cats tongue and usually can't eat scolding pho, but I do expect it to come out as so. Unfortunately it came out probably a little too late. 
The service was friendly though. Location and decor is pretty cozy.
Will I come back? Only if someone drags me back to try something I didn't order. Then we can have further debate. But out of my own time, I don't think so.leaving new orleans, we decided to hit another pho place...  cajun food is just too heavy.  southern food just too much deep fried...  
funny, end up eating more pho in new orleans than anything else... i dont even eat this much pho in southbay..
in any case, it was pretty good.  nice and refreshing in contrast to all the deep fried grease.  need pho to de-grease from last night's fried chicken...The food is very consistent and it is reasonably priced. The bun is great especially pork with egg roll. Service is good and a very clean tidy place. They do have outdoor dining as well which makes it nice right on Magazine Street.Wanted to like it.  Has gotten some good reviews.  Can't say that it was a positive experience.  Not going back.If I could give this place 10 stars, I would! Absolutely delicious, very affordable and super healthy. Spring rolls are amazing and fresh, I've tried the shrimp, the pork and also the lemongrass chicken. Perfect for a light lunch. I sometimes get the veggies and broth to go and add my own leftover pork loin or chicken. The beef brisket pho is off the chain, a large will easily feed 2.Literally my favorite place for spring rolls and pho!! Also very classic Vietnamese. Everybody is so nice there!the bahn mi at pho cam ly is awesome. the french bread is crunchy and fresh and the sandwiches have a unique flavor to them that i'm not finding at other places in town. i prefer the lemongrass chicken to the others, and make sure you add an egg - over easy.
now, i've been on a vegetable kick lately so i ordered the veggie spring roll with avocado. i've got to say that this spring roll and description did not match up. when i think of veggieS, i think of carrot, lettuce, maybe cabbage, cucumber... this spring roll was lettuce, noodles, and two very thin slices of avocado. the word i can best use for it was weak. very weak. 
but that's no reason to not go for everything else on the menu. the staff is very nice and the place is clean.Fabulous. Enter, sit, say "Pho Combo, add vegetables", wait a few minutes, bask in pho heaven. Spring rolls are also excellent.Bland. With all the wonderful flavors of NOLA, this little spot is disappointing.  The service is fast and friendly, so I'll give them that. But their quintessential dishes: the bun & pho are just white bread versions of the really good dishes at other authentic Vietnamese restaurants. My 2 cents: find somewhere else.Delicious!  Highly recommend the Spicy Beef Pho.  The broth is different from the others and has a great flavor.They have the best pho in town! Went to the Lilly's pho place at first but it was closed on Sunday. And ended up here, which is better than Lilly's! The flavor is original, the service is good, and the way they serve coffee is creative and fun. I've been to at least 20+ pho restaurants, this one definitely one of the best.Another home run on Magazine St. 
Walked here from home for lunch. The restaurant has a couple of outside tables on the porch. Inside....beautiful,  clean decor. A couple of TV's were on, but it wasn't noisy here. Smiling, happy server came to the table. I ordered by number, because ....its easier than speaking Vietnamese,  lol. 
THE FOOD:
The #5... Gi Cun, 
Fresh spring rolls w/fresh shrimp & pork. A very tasty, fresh bite for $4.95. The see- through wrap shows shrimp, but its cut so thin that you taste it as an afterthought to the greens and herbs. Did not taste pork. The peanut sauce was silky and lovely. A great appetizer.  
The #54..Ph Chín
Beef soup w/brisket 7.25 (Sm) 8.25 (Lg).
I had the small size, which is plenty. 
A plate of fresh basil, sprouts, jalapenos and lime is brought in prep for the pho. 
The Pho is light, a little oily, and a lot of flavor. The vermicelli noodles are light.  I added sprouts, basil, and jalapenos and let it steep a bit. Chopsticks for noodles and sprouts and brisket,  one bite...delicious. 
Light, flavorful, summer.
They also offer a Pho Challenge for $50. 2 lbs of meat and 2 lbs of noodles in a giant bowl with broth. Eat it in an hour, and YOU WIN!! Looks like fun. 
I recommend this place, and will try other menu offerings.This Vietnamese restaurant is great. I've had several soups (vegetarian, beef brisket, beef balls) and the pork buns and they're always delicious. They're consistent and fast as well.Could be the best Pho in town. I love me some Lilly's and this place definitely gives it a run for its money.  The broth is so well balanced I don't add a thing to it. If your really into Pho and think your a boss, do the Pho challenge!Phonomenal!!!!! This is probably the best Pho in the east bank! Best $8 you'll ever spend.
The Pho comes with plenty of meat and noodles, along with one of the best broths I've had in quite a while. Third time in two weeks, so glad I discovered it!Firstly, we live in Little Saigon in San Francisco, so for some white folks, our standards are pretty high.  In the past 2 years NOLA has gone from NO Vietnamese places to such a glut I am worried that some of them won't stick around.  
Been to Magasin (upscale and weird to pay so much for food we pay like $4 at home), Lily's (love), and then we gave this place a try for the first time yesterday and I gotta say FAVORITE!!  
They do the grilled beef vermicelli rolls  which we always had to go to the West Bank for (AND add avocado to anything for $1), the broth in even their basic wonton soup was really rich (I am not a Pho FREAK because its something we eat almost every day back home, its like maybe a Big Mac in terms of passion).
The whole adding a fried egg to dishes is a NOLA thing, no one does that back in Cali.  But i LOVE it.  We had a rice dish, the crab rangoon (which EVERYBODY schmucks up for some reason but theirs was delicate and really good).  
So, yeah, pretty freakin wowed.  Not like Tu Lan or Slanted Door in SF, but what is?  For NOLA, this is definitely the favorite hands down.I was very disappointed . I got two noodle dishes to go, the pork and the chicken. Neither portion was very generous with the meat and neither had much flavor. And the meat was very dry. I asked the server about the brown noodles at $1 extra and she couldn't tell me much more than that they were brown.We are lucky in New Orleans to never worry about a shortage of Vietnamese joints to grab some food.  Seems like just yesterday (or maybe five years ago), you had to journey all the way to the East or the Westbank to find anything decent.  We truly live in amazing times.
We wandered over to Pho Cam Ly last Thursday to grab dinner, and we were happy with the choice.  We ordered two glasses of water, Gi Cun B (Fresh spring roll w/veggies & avocado), Bún Nem Nng (Vermicelli w/ grilled pork patties), and a large bowl of Ph Đc Bit (Beef soup w/eye of round, brisket, tendon & meatballs)  Being able to cut and paste from their website made that a lot easier!
The Avacado Spring Rolls were good, albeit a bit different than what we are used to.  The peanut sauce of plentiful and exploited to the maximum extent.  We may be slightly addicted to the stuff.
The large bowl of Pho was definitely large, and very tasty.  It came with the requisite basil, bean sprouts, and lime.  The soup was hot, and the broth was fairly robust, with a good beef flavor.  The noodles were definitely noodles - not much to right home about on this front.
The Bun was also excellent, with the pork patties adding a nice flavor to the dish.
This joint was pretty good, and we may return if we are rollin' through the Uptown 'hood.  Fortunately, we are blessed with a great little Vietnamese joint close to us in the Channel/LGD.
Good food, good service, and no way I'm ever going to try the Pho Challenge (two pounds of meat, two pounds of rice noodles, and what appeared to be gallons of broth).  Only knock on this joint is having one just as good and touch better a few blocks from the homestead - sliding in at a solid FOUR STARS.I LOVE this place. We are regulars here, and the waitresses always recognize us and say hello. Everyone is so friendly! Food comes out super fast in my experience, and we can be in and out in under 30 minutes if we are in a hurry. I always get the spicy pho, but I have tried my bf's bahn mis and vermicelli bowls. They are all great! It is one of his favorite places too. They have a small porch area outside which is nice when the weather is good for watching the activity on magazine, but bring mosquito spray because I have gotten eaten several times!Dined in a while back and forgot to write a review. I came here with my friend visiting from Nashville and i don't remember what she had, but I know she liked it.
We came here when they were just opening so there were certainly kinks to work out, but aside from minor hiccups, the service was great and the food was equally satisfying. I remember ordering a Thai tea which they topped with whipped cream. It made for a nice garnish of sweetness to an already sweet drink, although I feel I get a little more Thai tea in a typical serving at most other places. I remember mine going rather quickly.
The seasoned rice with beef was my choice. I also added an egg because, why not? They offered it, and I obliged. I've seen quite a bit of mixed reviews, some people calling the place downright terrible, which I would disagree with. The food here is good enough, like, if I was in the mood for Vietnamese and in the neighborhood, ok. If I'm planning on Vietnamese,  this probably wouldn't be my first go-to.
Although this review is from a visit close to a year ago, I will go back for another try and hopefully they can get an extra star or two out of the deal.Our go-to spot for pho uptown. Never disappoints. Huge bowl for a reasonable price. Clean.I eat pho once a week and have been to most spots in the city. Love this place. No frills just solid food. Very nice staff always friendly! Take out is quick and easy. Love it hereVery good and super cheap. Yes the bahn mi is small but it's 4.50. So order 2 and it is still cheaper then anywhere else. Plus you can try 2. The spring rolls are great even though a egg roll inside sounds strange. Not the best peanut sauce but still tasty. However I was pleasantly surprised. Vietnamese coffee was wonderful. As strong as it should be and not to much condensed milk. The vermicelli noodles were great. Lots of carrots and great fish sauce. We had one vermicelli bowl. One bahn mi. 2 orders of egg rolls and 2 Vietnamese coffees for 28 bucks befor tip. That's cheap. And very good.  I will be going back again and againBeing in town from Houston for mini vaca, my hubby went on yelp to look for a Vietnamese restaurant and he tried to convince me to come here since I wanted to go to another one. As usual, he is right. We ordered 2 bowls of beef noodle soup and they were delicious. I'm really impressed by the egg rolls . They were so so good compare to most of the Viet restaurants I've been in Houston. The spring rolls menu looks yummy too but we were so full so sadly we had to save them for next trip when we're back in town. And the girl who took the order was so kind and friendly . I give it 4 stars bc I think it's just lil pricey. Otherwise, a must try place folks.One of the cleanest restaurants I've ever seen. The food is consistently good (the won ton is super yummy) Service is consistently good. One of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans. Freshest spring rolls in town!Great vermicelli bowls!!!! Good Spring rolls and nice small patio along Magazine Street to people watch. Friendly and prompt service! Will be back!Excellent shrimp spring rolls and pho ga. Definitely will return on our next trip. It's a good respite from heavy creole/Cajun food. Family run and many Vietnamese eat here.We went here a while ago on a whim. We were starving, so we ordered a bunch of different goodies. 
We started with barbecued pork steamed buns and they were so good that I wished I had just gotten like five orders of those. But then the pho came out.
I got chicken pho, my boyfriend got beef. It came out with the typical fixings, plus a homemade chili paste/oil. The broth was delicious and rich and the chili made it really special. You get a huge serving of meat, as well, so even with the smaller sized pho, you will leave full. The ingredients, as with the steamed buns, were fresh and high quality.
The service was a little slow which I actually like because I don't like my dining experience to be rushed. But something to keep in mind for those that prefer a faster experience.Great Vietnamese spot on Magazine St. The food is consistently great. A go to spot in the neighborhood! Convenient spot for take out! If you stay to eat, it's fun to dine on the front porch while watching all the passers-by on Magazine Street.This spot is right down the street from my house. We are talking walking distance here, and is my number one go to Pho in the city for taste and convenience.
The quality is good and fresh. I usually take my chicken pho to go on rainy days for some home comfort. We get a lot of rain in the south so it happens frequently enough. The broth is good and not too salty which is easy to oversalt this dish, but not here.This is my utmost favorite spot for Pho! I've been too many times to count. I love the manager and her staff. I've gone so much they know my entire family even when I don't go with them. The manager knows my order when ever I get there. I just love the customer service. They really cater to our needs. 
Now for the food....DELISH!!!! The spring rolls are bomb and the fried egg rolls are great too. I've had The vermicelli lemon chicken bowl and it was very fresh. 
The Pho is phenomenal! Great taste and the fixings are always fresh. I usually get the #60 in Pho. I think it's brisket and eye of round. Sometimes I add grilled shrimp to it. Add grill shrimp to anything here only makes it better. 
The jasmine tea is amazing.
I have yet to try the Pho Challenge, it looks fun. I've actually seen someone try to eat a large bowl, but I don't think they succeeded. It was very entertaining.Great Vietnamese with great ingredients. The service team is really in tune to their regular clientele.Nice friendly family run restaurant. One of the best soup bowls I've had in Nola. Highly recommend.great service.
great pho.
clean facilities.
quick service.
No complaints here! All the people that work here are very nice. Their product is solid and very healthy portions. No way I was able to finish the small pho in one sitting. Will definitely be coming back!Love this place! The food is always hot and delicious. Since I've eaten here several times, I can highly recommend them...try the avocado spring rolls or the Pho Chay...you won't be dissapointed.Enjoyed my lunch! While I tend to fumble with chopsticks, I managed to make a huge dent in my chicken vermicelli! The chicken was seasoned perfectly, and I'll definitely get this dish again. I did notice most of the other diners eating Pho (soup). I skipped it due to the summer temps, but, now know it is a must at Pho Cam Ly. I will get this next time. We also had the fried pork egg rolls which I was mildly disappointed in (odd flavor), but, the beef spring roll I had a bite of (with peanut sauce) was very good. Clean establishment, friendly staff and great prices make Pho Cam Ly a very smart choice for lunch!I hate giving negative comments. Wish the pho was as good as the service. The pho is very bland it's like eating pho noodles and plain water. It lacked flavor from the broth. I would highly recommend eating pho somewhere else. Sorry I'm just being honest.Stopped in for a quick lunch and got the brisket and round large pho. The pho was light but flavorful! The service was super friendly and l loved sitting out on the porch on a super nice NOLA afternoon. The veggies to add to the pho were fresh and the service was really friendly and fast. Def stop in if you are craving some pho and are in the area!Pho Cam Ly is THE BEST Vietnamese food I've ever had! 
Please go and try my favorites:
Spring Rolls with pork sausage and a wonton strip
Lemon Grass Banh Mi
Curry (when its available)The vermicelli bun was alright, but the dish did not have many ingredients.  Most noodle bowls I have had at other restaurants are full of a variety of veggies, garlic, etc. 
I also do not feel the staff was very attentive.Pho Cam Ly always hits the spot if you are looking for fresh and filling Vietnamese food. The prices are great also. Along this stretch of Magazine Street, it is difficult to find anywhere with as good of prices. I usually get the Grilled Pork Vermicelli or the Tofu Pho. BYOB if you are looking to drink. They charge a $5 corkage fee for wine, not exactly sure how much for beer.I really liked this place. It's pretty new, but super clean, and the food was pretty good for Vietnamese. I got the vermicelli with pork and egg rolls, and it was pretty delicious. The food was ready pretty quickly as well. My only complaint is the Thai iced tea. I'm used to traditional thai tea that is less sweet and has that hint of earthy flavor, and this one was way too sweet and had whipped cream on top. Totally not my thing, but I'm sure some people will like it.Always a great experience. Always great food. I have to admit, I order the CRAB RAGOONS at least once a month, if not four times. The PHO, can be in HALF or FULL portions. Great for someone like me who can't ever finish pho in one sitting. Tina, the manager, is very sweet, pays attention to detail, and always greats me as a loyal customer. Thank you for your time and service.