Night Baristas here are mega rad, but the staff changes alot so you never know.  This is a student heavy cafe, with sometimes bogged-down (but free) WiFi, oft-times inane conversation at loud decibels from regulars.  Granita is so-so.  The patio used to be a nice space shaded by vine-tendrilled trellis, but for some reason the owners tore it all down.  It's a shame:  now you need awesome weather to make it tolerable before nightfall.Iced coffee here is the thing to get.  It's worthy of 4 stars or more.  Espresso drinks are spotty at best.
I cannot stand to sip my coffee here.  The ceiling is just too low.  Maybe I'm neurotic or maybe its that I'm 6'3'', but either way I just can't take it.  
Also, a carpeted coffee shop is just a bad idea.I have been here a couple times now and every time the service was excellent. They are very quick to get your order out and friendly. Love the mocha granitas!My only complaint about PJ's on Maple is that they waited to renovate the interior until AFTER I'd finished college, and therefore I didn't get to enjoy the awesome new furniture/ambiance during grad school, when I was reading for 16-18 hours a day.  The iced mochas are the same--best in the city--but the inside is SO much nicer than it was back in the day.  Le sigh.  Such is life.  
Because this PJ's is within the boundaries of what I like to refer to as the "Tulane Bubble", it's open later than most PJ's around town.  For example on Camp St. and in the American Can, PJ's is only open until 5 or 6, which is not particularly helpful if you're playing grownup but managed to retain the university schedule/lifestyle.  (One way to do this is to go freelance full-time, which means you're working at all hours, eating ramen, and trying to resist the urge to call your parents for money. Just in case you were wondering.)
They're open from some ungodly hour of the morning until 10 p.m., so more or less the entire day.  The inside is, again, gorgeous, and there's a patio area where you can hang out and smoke, get some sun (depending on how long you've been working on your monitor tan, you may want to be careful with this), and bring your dog.  If you do bring your dog, however, you'll have to either leave him outside or con someone else into getting your coffee, because they don't allow pets inside.  
This really is a great place to study, pretend to work while wasting your life on Facebook/Twitter and the like, have meetings with a small group of people, or just hang out and read the paper.  It's pretty much your standard coffee shop, in the middle of the Maple Street business district.  There's real food across the street, a gym a block away...if you could find a place to hide while the baristas close up, you could pretty much live in this building.  Let me know if you find a suitable hiding spot. (Or don't, because I'll probably Yelp about it and ruin everything. Only so many squatters you can hide in one coffee shop.)Will not be returning to this location. It has gone down in the last couple of months. Was just in there and cashier was rude and said they don't have decaf. Said they haven't had it in a while yet I got it 2 times this week already. I'm done. I'll give my money elsewhere.Plenty of space, latte was good but OMG the couches and upholstered chairs are SOOO dirty and smelly. Unless they replace or clean these I'm never coming back!!The baristas here are always super nice. There's lots of seating, including some couches and an outside patio. Free wifi. There's a Starbucks throwing distance from here- but, hey, let's support our local community!
I'm really just a soy latte drinker, so I'm not too adventurous. However, I do have to warn that I've been once and was informed that they had run out of soy milk- and it wasn't late in the day at all! A little disappointed- especially when I realized that the barista wasn't going to suggest an alternative. 
The one real knock to the place is the parking. There's street parking and a lot across the street. However, if you're an early riser there's a chance that most of the lot is still chained off. For some reason Bruno's "closes" the lot from 4-7am, and never opens by  that time.I remember when the PJ's on Maple was a block down and WAY cooler- Can anyone imagine a 6 year old in a tree-lined courtyard, pretending she's in an enchanted forest where the plastic owls are her magical friends? Yeah, that was me.
PJ's makes the best iced coffee and iced chai I've ever had, and any coffeeshop that offers Jones soda gets an A+ in my book. The baked treats are delivered fresh every day from a local bakery and are the NUMMIE. Try the lemon pound cake muffin, it'll change your perception of reality. I know I'll never be the same.
The places gets suitably crowded around exams time, like any place near campus that's open after 7 does. 
The prices are standard, and it's also a decent place to leisurely meet people.Good place to get some studying done, not really a fan of the coffee though! Really nice patio section too.It's 1:40 p.m. & I've just come back from PJ's. I went in for their delicious parfait which  they didn't have. I asked the cashier about when they would have them& she said every other day. She asked if I would like her to make them- that it would only take 5 minutes. No problem ! I waited & waited in between customers which was about 15 - 20 minutes. No problem! I continued to wait about 10 more minutes thinking she could finish the parfaits, heard her on the phone & then she went out on the patio. By this time my patience had run out so I left. As I was walking by the patio I saw her lighting a cigarette. ARE YOU KIDDING ME ??She just looked at me with a deadpan expression as I shook my head in complete disbelief. So whoever her manager is you might want to talk to her about her priorities & her customer service or lack of it. They just lost me as a customer.I'm reviewing this PJ's location in particular - Maple St.
The atmosphere: 
It's always overrun with high school kids and college kids - which is fine, except that it can get very, very loud. 
The baristas play radio music (or some type of playlist) very LOUDLY. They're not allowed to change or turn down the music, and it's so distracting.
The internet is always slow if it's crowded. 
The coffee here is average, worse than the Magazine St. location. Their granites are always... off-tasting.Been coming here for over 30 years!  Feeling old.  Pastry selection is better than ever.  Butter croissant is excellent. As other Yelpers have noted, the furniture needs to be cleaned, replaced, and repaired.  Some tables are so wobbly, they resemble bobble head dolls!  I am not kidding!  Patio is great!  Please, PJ's, fix up this GREAT location!  Still recommended.Coffee was as expected of a chain. Not too bad. But the the barista girl had some kind of nasty attitude with me when I tried to order the pour over coffee and it wasn't available. Condescending AF. Then she rushed everything when my group and I ordered.  This is a chain coffee shop, not some vendor of fine coffee. Chill out. Free WiFi though!PJ's are all over it seems, but this location on maple is such an ideal location for all types: coffee fiends, study heads, and folks who just feel like zoning out and relaxing. The cafe lounge is about as low key as they come, with just enough people traffic on the week days to make seat claiming that much harder. But when you're seated and in the zone, PJ's is definitely a decent place to do ... whatever it is you want to do.
Their free wifi isn't nearly as strong as their coffee. I've noticed the corners of the room tend to get slightly better reception, as well as phone reception, which is probably no coincidence. If you've got a laptop, try to score a table. Keep your friends at bay, unless you all feel like parking yourselves on the couches in the back.
Prices are pretty much what one would expect, which are for the most part a notch below Starbucks. I am also pleased with their friendly wait staff and I appreciate that they keep the place nice and tidy, especially the bathrooms. I'm all for places that keep it together and inviting. If I'm not back to PJ's, it'll most certainly be at one of their other locations.Coffee?  How can you not brew decaf coffee?  Thought they were joking!!!  Will not be back!  Come on, it cost them little to have it on hand and they acted like I had asked for champagne!Fun little place to get a little NOLA flavor.  The place is very close to being like any other coffee house chain.  I have to admit that I didn't get the iced mocha but I enjoyed the decaf mocha I did get.Line was too long at Starbucks and I just couldn't wait.... BIG MISTAKE!! The "coffee" tasted horrendous. Next time I'll wait!Best coffee in NOLA by far.  I haven't been in here since Katrina (I live in chicago now)  But as I remember, the cold blended drinks were really something!  Smooth and just no bitterness at all.  Love love love this coffee.  And I mean I really miss it.  Does anyone know if I can order this stuff online??  I'd be up for it for sure!All around horrible. The blonde girls are so rude. I will never be back unless it's in the afternoon when they aren't there. They can't ever make a drink properly and they have a horrible attitudeCousin and his wife took me and friend here before we were leaving  town-  and I'm glad they took us here!   Very quiet, low key- good place to read if you have your mind for it-   Mocha latte, and I am happy. :)Now I know this is a locally owned chain and I'm all for supporting small businesses, however, I would say this particular location is poorly run. Here is why:
1. as a NOLA coffeehouse, how do you not sell coffee with chicory??!! That's ridiculous. 
2. The baristas are inattentive, we went and ordered two breakfast pastries, they were served on a plate with the wrapping still on them and were stale and stone COLD.  Not impressive. 
Unless I'm missing something here, the service and items on their menu are seriously lacking at this location. Will try a different PJs before completely writing it off I guess.I am a huge fan of the outdoor patio. The AC inside the coffee shop is so refreshing, but when it gets a bit too cold, it's nice to step outdoors.Decided that I needed to find a good spot to get in some writing, and I absolutely loved this location.  Big coffee shop, plenty of seating.  Lots of comfy chairs, but there's also tables with bench seating, and there's a good outdoor space (although only part of it is shaded).  
I'd read a lot of the reviews raving about the iced mocha.  I had one with skim milk.  I liked it, but I didn't think it sent me over the moon or anything.  The server was really friendly, and the regulars were cool.  Lots of students studying, so it was a great place to get that writing motivation.  
Interestingly, I think it's one of few coffee shops that I've left (after writing a couple of hours) and I didn't reek of roasted coffee.  Nice.WIFI IS AWFUL! love the location and the patio, and I would much rather spend my money here than Starbucks, but in the 6 months that I've been frequenting this location the WiFi has been consistently terrible. I see that Yelp reviewers dating back to 2012 commented on WiFi issues - why hasn't this been fixed? I now only come to this location when I know there's work I can do offline. I imagine they are losing business to Starbucks because of this persistent WiFi issue. Please, please fix it.Maybe vocalize the fact that something requires an up charge. Maybe not everybody is a knowledgeable coffee yuppie and just wants an iced coffee. Crappy social skills too, buddy.Great coffee and even better people but the wifi is questionable at absolute best. Make sure you don't have to rely on a wifi connection.This isn't my favorite PJs. I feel like the whole place, indoors and out could use a good scrubbing. The service is usually bored college students and if it's finals prepare to be shushed by the studying fanatics as you try to chat with your friends in a low voice.
The outdoor patio is a nice option when the weather permits with ceiling fans that do a good job of moving the air.The coffee is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the space is roomy and comfortable. I really appreciate when coffee shops have couches and soft chairs. :)Great coffee spot uptown and best of all it's not Starbucks (for those that have read some of my other reviews you're starting to see a trend here with my hatred of Starbucks). Anyway the staff is nice and there is a lot of both indoor and outdoor seating.
My only gripes are tiny ones, but big ones all at the same time. For a location that's smack dab in the middle of so many schools, both high school and colleges their wifi is terrible, I mean it feels like I'm back on AOL dial up at times.
Also for a coffee shop in this day and age to have so few wall outlets completely astounds me.I really want to like this place because it's a local chain and has plenty of space and a great patio but the internet connectivity is terrible each time I go and I ending up wasting valuable study time trying to connect. Twice in a row I've just given up, and walked over the Starbucks to get work done. I'd much rather spend my money at PJ's than a huge corporation like Starbucks but they consistently have working and fast internet even though the space is smaller and more crowded.When in New Orleans, do as the New Orleanians do.  Order the iced mocha (coffee + chocolate syrup + skim milk) without thinking twice.  If you like iced coffee, then you will love PJ's cold-drip iced coffee.  The iced mocha had just a hint of chocolate, so it wasn't too sweet.  The pastries seem to be hit or miss; the cake balls are good but the bagels were stale.  They have a great little patio, so grab a drink and relax!I can't comment on the "real" coffee here at PJ's because whenever I go, I can't resist the granita. However, I CAN say that this drink will keep me coming back again and again. This speciality from PJ's is found in one of those machines that slushies are dispensed from that cycle the "slush" round and round in circles. While others might argue that the granita is simply PJ's version of a frappuccino, it is so much more! The granita takes on the icy characterization of a frappuccino, but it carries with it a more intense coffee flavor at a fraction of the sweetness. 
On a warm day in NOLA, it's hard to beat the refreshing quality of a PJ's granita.Coffee was great as usual. Wi-Fi was the worst that I have ever experienced and made having a productive meeting there a near impossibility.  I've had better Wi-Fi connections on cruise ships and in small villages in the middle of developing countries.Seeing as to how my office is a block away, we have tried to visit PJ's but always end up at Starbucks. Today has solidified neither myself or my coworkers will be going back as we purchased multiple lattes to drink nothing but frothy milk. I'm a coffee snob and when I say there wasn't any espresso in my coffee I mean they probably poured an espresso size amount of drip coffee in here then layered it with a cup of milk.Twice I have gone to this Pj's and the wifi has been unavailable/broken/nonexistent. If you are a coffee place in 2011 you need to make sure this basic service is working. Get Cox over pronto - do anything to make sure you have working wifi. 
One Star - Nice interior. Could use more plugs. 
Two Stars - Nice patio. 
Minus Three Stars - no wifi. 
I am sorry for being brutal, but this was a deal breaker for me. I really like this building and the staff seemed really nice, but I need me some wifi with my coffee.In New Orleans, coffee is one of those points of contention that people will disown family over. I've found here that you are either a Rue de la Course lover, a CC's lover, or a PJ's lover (never a Starbucks lover!) I, myself, am a PJ's lover. This location in particular has the best iced mocha you will ever consume. Seriously. Ever. I don't know why, but this location has special iced mocha mojo. Other PJ's around town are still yummy, but just don't have the "je ne sais quoi" of Maple Street PJ's iced mochas.
Anyway, now that I've proven that I'm a die-hard PJ's fan mostly because I love their iced mochas, I feel the need to expound on some of their other good qualities which set them apart from the Rues and CC's in the city. PJ's, especially this location, has a friendly and relaxing atmosphere. They also take credit cards, which is pretty much all I use because I'm an adult and have a bank account. 
If you are a regular customer, the baristas will learn what you drink and how you like it, which gives you a warm, fuzzy feeling that has nothing to do with the coffee you're drinking. I'm sure this is the case for Rue and for CC's, but at the Rue you have to worry about whether your skinny jeans are skinny enough, and at CC's you just feel bad for the barista because he's wearing a goofy baseball hat and polo shirt and flare on his apron.
The Maple Street location has great seating indoor and out, lots of outlets for your computers and whatever else you may need to plug in. Parking is ample too, with a lot in the back of the store as well as one across the street. Also plenty of on-street parking if the lots are full. 
One more interesting tid bit - the PJ's on Maple St. is caddy corner to where the first, original PJ's was located, owned and operated by Phyllis Jordan, THE PJ! Yay trivia!I completely enjoyed the atmosphere of this coffee shop. First time Ive been in this PJ coffe chain. Say goodbye Starbucks! Lol. I just felt to relieved to find a place to chill in this collegy artsy fartsy area that dat...which is by the way...such a nicccce nicccceee area- I wanna live nearby. Plan to stop by when Im around again Nola.This is one of the first PJ's and I've been going there for several decades. Best coffee around.
No one can make an iced coffee like they can! There's something about the toasted caramel flavor from the hint of good vanilla. We now drive 2 hours to pick up and fresh grind our favorite variety of flavors! Enjoy!I really like this coffee place, but their wifi SUCKS!  It never works for more than a couple of minutes, which is SUPER annoying if your'e trying to get any work done!  
Also, they need more outlets.
Other than that, it's nice.  Good coffee, nice people, big patio, etc.I really want to give this location a higher review... The service is always awesome and they have a lot more options for snacks than most other PJ's. It's also quite large with a lot of options for seating, whether you are meeting up with a bunch of friends or looking for a small table to work on your own. The problem is that the wifi here is very unreliable. I have been several times in the past few months, and can almost never get it to connect. If it does, it's either very slow or disconnects frequently. The people I have gone with have had the same issues. I eventually had to stop going because I can't get any work done there due to the issues with the internet.A pretty generic PJ's as far as I can tell. I can attest to the awesome courtyard where I bring my doggy to hang out and the incredibly friendly employees and patrons--they always have something nice to say. I also like going to PJ's rather than the 'Bucks, so that's a plus.Decent coffee and iced tea. Not the best pastries, but good enough to keep you going if you get hungry. 
I do love the space. Inside, there is plenty of room to study. Most of the spots are away from foot traffic and the counter. The patio is also very large, covered, and fenced in. Great place to bring your dog.Great, friendly staff. Roomy, comfortable accommodations. Very warm and friendly. I love this place.It's not my favorite spot to study, but the coffee is delicious as with all PJ's. The wifi is super spotty here, so if you need to watch videos, don't come here. The place can get a little rowdy after school when all the PTA moms want to get together, and bring their kids along. I do recommend their spinach and feta croissant, which is savory and satiates a little bit of an appetite. I also enjoy their blueberry muffins. I do not recommend their turkey and cheese croissant, it's just not worth spending any of your coins on it.After five years of frequenting this PJs location I finally decided to review it. On the positive side, it's a great location with a lot of seating and I think the staff are mostly very friendly. However there are a number of significant problems with the establishment. Two-thirds of the time I use the restroom there is either no toilet paper or no paper towels - or neither of both. Floor is typically dirty and has used paper towels spread around. The food is terrible with premade breakfast sandwiches heated and typically bad pasties and bagels. And now the place has prominently displayed "no outside food and drink" which would make sense if they offered a decent selection of food or even good quality food, but they don't. Lastly, PJs coffee is really awful. Watered down and flavorless. I can only drink coffee drinks made with espresso and steamed milk to tolerate the flavor. I've wanted to patronize this place as a local chain and convenient location but it's getting more and more difficult to tolerate their food and coffee.I really enjoy the atmosphere at this PJ's. It's a great spot to post up for a while studying or catching up with friends. The patio and back area make you feel just like you're at home. Don't worry if you need to use your laptop outside - there's at least one plug out there! Everything inside is very clean and modern - from the furnishings to the bathrooms!
I've gotten the cafe au lait there and it was good until I got to the bottom and there were some coffee grounds mixed in :/ but I would definitely return for the environment - just maybe something different from the menu.Great place to study. Well lighted. Service is so friendly. I feel so welcomed. Their Grenitas, and Velvet Mocha's are delicious. The hot chai not so much. I l also love their capuchino chip muffins and their strawberry croissant when they are fresh!Newly renovated space makes me much more likely to spend some time here.  Thank god.  The carpet was driving me crazy before.
Would be 5 stars, but they don't sell the Times Picayune (or any newspaper, for that matter).  I have to walk over to SB to buy my copy.It's 1:40 p.m. & I've just come back from PJ's. I went in for their delicious parfait which  they didn't have. I asked the cashier about when they would have them& she said every other day. She asked if I would like her to make them- that it would only take 5 minutes. No problem ! I waited & waited in between customers which was about 15 - 20 minutes. No problem! I continued to wait about 10 more minutes thinking she could finish the parfaits, heard her on the phone & then she went out on the patio. By this time my patience had run out so I left. As I was walking by the patio I saw her lighting a cigarette. ARE YOU KIDDING ME ??She just looked at me with a deadpan expression as I shook my head im complete disbelief. So whoever her manager is you might want to talk to her about her priorities & her customer service or lack of it. They just lost me as a customer.
    August 2nd. 
     My girlfriend gave me a gift card to PJ's... uh oh !! I was so hesitant to go back in here because of my last experience. But I figured what the hey- plus I was craving their parfait. So, I decided to give it another try& I'm SO GLAD I DID !!! Rich was at the counter ( sadly no parfaits ) & when I mentioned it to him he was MORE THAN HAPPY to make one for me. He was so personable & professional- SO UNLIKE my last time here ! He had my parfait made in no time& actually apologized for the frozen fruit !! Honey, it's 90* outside - frozen fruit is great !! And ya know what ??? Rich is great- all my apprehension has been dashed & because of him I'll be a regular customer. Thank you, Rich. See you soon!!!I had an awful experience at this PJ's. I was here on January 28th, 2014 at 4:15 and there was a young lady working there (with no name tag!) and was in such a hurry to take my order and continue talking to her friend that was standing directly next to the counter. My friend and I were chatting and the lady at the counter decided that we were not fast enough for her and she made noises at us as if we were dogs that were being trained. It was absolutely disgusting. Then after telling her that we didn't appreciate that, she snapped at us and told us that she was so busy and that she had to work all night, even though there was no one in line behind us. It was absolutely awful. Would not recommend this place. I am definitely NOT coming here again.Sometimes I like to get out of the house to break up the monotony of working from home, and since I had a meeting today at 9am, I decided to bring my computer along with me to work after. 
This location on Maple Street is really pleasant with a huge patio and lots of indoor space. They have an ATM, and plenty of PJ's paraphernalia and cute cards for when you forget to wish your friend's sister's baby a Happy 18 month Birthday. 
Let me preface by saying, if you're a college student looking to post up with a study group or a group of mom's catching up after dropping off the kids at school, and know that you LOVE PJ's coffee, this place may be the perfect spot for your group! For my situation, it just wasn't. 
This is kind of a PJ's across the board thing from what I've experienced, but I'm just not a fan of their mocha, and I've tried. I know I have to specify that I want it to be espresso, and I'm aware of that now so I don't get an iced coffee with chocolate, but it just doesn't do it for me here. By the time I got to 1/5th of the way through my coffee, I could tell their was a huge amount of chocolate chillin' at the bottom of my cup thus making it way too sweet to continue to enjoy so maybe I need to find something else to drink here. 
There isn't a ton of plugs indoors in the front of this location, but I ended up getting lucky enough to post up to one without a wall covering. Ready to work, I flipped open my laptop and then...and then...waited for the internet to mellow out and stay connected. If you're book studying, this front corner may be perfect for you. If your job relies on internet connectivity being consistent, I wouldn't necessarily choose this as your work destination. 
Lastly, as mentioned in a few other reviews, this spot (from where I was in the front indoors) could've definitely used some hourly TLC from the staff. I've worked (from my laptop as a patron) at various coffee shops and it seems that there is always a sweep whether it's hourly/bi-hourly for trash, messy tables, etc., and I don't think I saw this while I was here. 
I think most of these things can totally be managed, and I wouldn't hesitate to come here if a group was looking to find a good spot to meet, but I'm not necessarily returning any time soon to work.Okay, let me preface this by saying that I know coffee and have had an LTR with her.  I am not a coffee snob but I can identify, enjoy, and recommend a fantastic cup of coffee.  My tastes range from a light fruity cone drip to a thick paste-like degreaser from a french press.  I have my favorite 3.99/can Bustelo and my precious Bluebottle (San Francisco) and my Cafe Vita (Seattle.) Needless to say, I run the spectrum of the bean.
I have had some great coffee in NOLA.  Fairgrinds, Rue de la Course, even Cafe Du Monde has it's sweet spot in my heart.  PJ's, on the other hand, is undrinkable.  This is the nearest coffee spot to me yet I am loathe in the morning to drop by for my daily americano or drip.  The machine is a horrible lifeless pushbutton affair that tastes like it hasn't been cleaned since manufacture.  The baristas pull the shots until all essence of the cursed grounds are extracted, extruded, and damned into your cup.  And then the shots are ruined further by sitting untouched for over ten seconds.  I counted.  All the iced coffee varieties have flavors.  What if someone doesn't want flavor? What if someone wants a basic simple easy to order, easy to drink cup of black coffee? It boggles the mind.
Rue De La Course is my ultimate NOLA choice so far, and I will avoid all 50,000 PJ's in the region.  I am open to suggestions though.
I will say that the staff is friendly, very fast (with the automatic machines) and professional.  I give them two stars for the staff, efficiency, and cleanliness.  
And yes, I'll say it: Starbucks blows this place out of the water with their charry goodness.  That's right!I am really looking for the perfect 5 star coffee house in New Orleans. My standards are: good coffee, comfortable seats, non-obtrusive music, non-annoying decor, interesting clientele. So far, I have found places that are either comfortable or have nice ambiance but are uncomfortable. PJ's, obviously, is decent coffee. Also, there are some very comfortable seats here. So why do they have to ruin it by playing SMOOTH JAZZ? And what kind of coffee shop needs a TV turned to Fox and infomercials? Also, there are too many high schoolers here, and the internet is way slow. At least my back doesn't hurt.This used to be my neighborhood go to coffee shop: it's close to home, somewhat a local company and their dark roast coffee is delicious . After my experience today, I will not be back.
When I walked up to register , employee who was wiping down the coffee station with a dirty towel , sees me, sighs heavily and walks up to register . "What can I get you", no hello no nothing . I ordered  a bagel and she proceeded to handle it with her still still unwashed dirty hands and told me I couldn't have a plate because she didn't know where they keep them. 
If this is what customer service has become  at this once enjoyable location then it is time to head 59 feet away to Starbucks .I don't like to make bad comment it gives me headache but I was told by my friend after I was saying I went to PJ's had coffee and a breakfast sandwich she said check your bill they often double dip that's why she doesn't go there anymore I said no that can't be but I checked sure enough two charges for 567 together on my credit card why did they do that I have notified PJ's I hope they corrected said and very disappointed they're only half a block away and I don't like Starbucks one of the choice do I haveGreat atmosphere and coffee, better Spencer.
Nice place to meet up with people, study, or just chill. They're always very friendly and quick (whereas the other PJs on Tulane's campus aren't as pleasant).So, since I am a coffee fanatic and need a cup of coffee like everyday, I found this place while we were in New Orleans on a service trip.  This place is SOOO good, and I have tasted really BAD coffee.  The service at this place is also good.  When I told the barista that I would use A LOT of caffeine, he recommended this one drink, of which I can't remember right now, but it definitely did the trick!  On our week long trip, this was my new coffee place.In the eight years that I've been in New Orleans I've lived at the Lakefront, Uptown, Mid-City and then Uptown again.  I've been flooded out, smitten, heart broken, in-love, out-of-love, in school, out of school, wondering what the hell I'm doing here and, then again, not being able to picture myself anywhere else.  During this maelstrom (that is me) one thing has stayed constant: a PJs location comes out of the woodwork quickly in any new neighborhood I move to.  
PJs is familiar and I like their latte's.  Currently, I live uptown and the Maple location has become my new coffee stop.  They are always well staffed and my latte's are consistent.  For a while the baristas tried to pin point my drink, but I change my coffee order often, so they gave up trying.  But they did try.  For coffee, consistency and service I give this place 5 stars.  I don't think they're bagels are very good, but then again this is not a bagel city.  Though I wish it was.  All of their sweets are fine.  I'll get a muffin or croissant if I'm hungry, but I go for the coffee not the baked goods.  
If I need to study then I'll go somewhere else because their wifi is very fickle.  But they have lots of outdoor seating, off street parking and a parking lot.  
Since I'm a regular the baristas know me and cut me a break if I need it.  One time my debit card was not working and the nice barista told me I was 'good for it' and to catch him next time.   I appreciate that.  I especially like the Maple location because of how they make my lattes.  Sometimes I'll stop at the one in The American Can Company and it's just not as good.  The last two times I stopped there the espresso machine was broken.  But even when it is in operation the balance between the milk and espresso is never quite right.   Anyway...go to PJ's on Maple Street!  Make yourself a regular!The barista Sam was very friendly! Great place to study on a Saturday, love the interior!I go to this location often and will not be returning. While there are some awesome people who work here, there is one older blonde lady who is just beyond rude. She is constantly rolling her eyes when I order and just seems to hate her job. If you ask for anything then there is always attitude. I do not even want to go here when she is working and with so many other options for coffee in this city I'd rather avoid this all together.Always a pleasure here. The employees are always friendly and efficient. When I'm in a hurry this is my place to stop- I know I'll be in and out in no time! Thumbs up for PJS!Great place for a quick cup of coffee or to enjoy coffee and conversation with friends. The coffee comes in rich, unique New Orleans inspired flavors. We stopped in for packaged coffee grounds/beans and hot tea. They have a good Numi tea selection. The employees are helpful and welcoming. There was not wait when we arrived, so were helped right away. Unfortunately, they had run out of several products at the time of our visit (for example the king cake coffee). We considered purchasing a gluten free Mardi Gras cake, however for the size it seemed too overpriced. The other items sold here seem to be reasonably priced. Overall, we enjoy  their coffee and tea and would return here again!Everyone has an attitude. Today in particular. The girl who greeted(?) us and poured our coffee seemed super bothered by us being there. Not good vibes. My friend even commented on her attitude and she walked there minutes before us. It's the best coffee near where we are staying. Screw Starbucks, but screw making me feel awkward. Sheeeit.Mobile ordered a cafe au lait with skim milk and everything bagel with chive and onion cream cheese from here this morning.
Definitely recommend mobile ordering, you can skip the long line!
The cafe au lait was sooooo good, and I love that their small size is actually pretty small.
The bagel was ok, wouldn't get again. They also gave me the wrong cream cheese but that was no big deal. The bagel is super chewy, that's why I didn't love it.
Overall, would def mobile order a cafe au lait again, maybe try it with oatmilk, and I would try and different pastry.I love this PJ's for several reasons.  
Their staff is always friendly and my orders are always correct.  The coffee is always fresh and smooth.
I can't neglect to mention the egg white and veggie egg bites.  They are delicious! I've not been able to find them at all pj's locations, but this location has them.  They're a tasty and healthy breakfast option and they really fill me up.