What a fantastic lunch @eatprimitivo fresh, local, creative, & full of smoky deliciousness. I am not the easiest of dinners, but I put myself in the chefs hands & I am so glad I did. He took great care of us, sending out beautifully plated dishes. One after the other each unique & better than the last. (Fantastic timing also) Our kind, beautiful, witty, server, Silvia, made our meal that much better. Pairing local craft beers for each course. Primitivo & Chef Adolfo Garcia I am already looking forward to my next visit. Thank you for your warm friendly hospitality.Went for the first time.  we found the space enjoyable and great.   I think the food must be good but it was totally not to my taste.  If you love smoked  a pickled meats this is your place, unfortunately i am not that person.  But I recognize how special this place is even if it isn't my place.
Excellent cocktails !  Good service.Awesome restaurant! Love the decor and the bar overlooking the open kitchen; enjoyed watching the chefs work their magic, turning food into a delicious dinner. Entire staff was very knowledgeable and friendly, even the chef took time to come over and say hello! Huge portions and very tender meat. I also had the smores for dessert; try it!! TBH, I came here because of a Groupon but the entire experience will definitely have me return! Looking forward to trying their happy hour; $1.50 ribs & $2.00 beers!A new favorite to my New Orleans restaurant rotation! The menu items were excellent and consistent. We ordered the whole red snapper special that was cooked with care.  The rib happy hour can't be beat, and our kale salad was so good, we ordered it twice.  Burned rice pudding with an aperitif of homemade coffee liquor seemed excessive (because dinner was so satisfying), but we indulged with no regrets.  We will most definitely be back to this amazing spot!I don't know why it has taken me so long to review my lovely dinner at Primitivo. I guess I was just trying to figure out how to put such an amazing experience into words (see what I did there?).
We stopped in fairly early on a Friday night, with zero reservations, and had no problem grabbing a table. I started with a cocktail that was named after me. Ok, not really, but the "Marie Louise" is awful close to "Marielle Louise", so let's just pretend, shall we? It was some kind of citrus soda that was really tasty and refreshing. I'm not even sure if it had alcohol in it, but I really liked it.
I knew exactly what I was going to order before I even got here: I had read nothing but raves about the braised pork cheeks, so that's what I got. They came with smoked pork butt and dumplings in Carbonara. WOW. This dish was delicious and really exceeded my expectations. The meat was extremely tender and cooked perfectly and the dumplings were amazing.
For dessert, my companion and I were able to split a sundae, even though I was pretty full from the delicious dinner. The waitress was extremely attentive and everyone made sure that we had everything we needed and were enjoying our meal. As the night progressed, and more people came in, we did notice that it started getting a little loud. Other than that, the experience was perfection and I would return.Was very disappointing.  Poor service extremely high prices. We left after cocktails and appetizer.It's good but not worth the stop if you have limited time in NOLA. We got the cheek dumplings & rib eye. Very tasty, no doubt but I'd pass in the long run based off how ultra amazing the food scene is in town.This was a last-minute weeknight decision for dinner with kids because I had been meaning to try it and was feeling patient. They complained about the woody smell at first but after 5 minutes no one noticed. Charcuterie board is fantastically varied: blood sausage, hogshead cheese, copa, pickles and more. Rich and flavorful. Homemade croissants went to the kids for cured meat sandwiches while I used the toasts for the pate and relish. Field peas with bacon and scant greens worked well for my kids who like beans or any type. Duck wings were passed off as "chicken" with the great success! Homemade biscuits were accompanied by homemade strawberry jam which conjured memories of my childhood. #2 child finished it with a spoon. Dessert of s'mores kept the troops engaged. Chef assures me they have vegetarian options off menu that are equally sophisticated for next visit with hubby. Score one for mom who just broadened her kids' palates and enjoyed a delicious adult meal that was something other than pasta.Stupendously good food!!  Had an unbelievable pork cheek sandwich and came back the next night for Happy Hour and Pork Spare Ribs and the Pork Cheek Carbonara.  Succulent braised tender pork cheeks and butt carbonara and ribs that fall off the bone and are delish!!  Will make special trip to come here when visiting NOLA in future.Have been waiting to try, and I'm so glad I did! I went twice in two days and both experiences were great. The G&T at the bar is EXCELLENT with homemade tonic, and they also had local beer on draft. The next night for dinner I was equally pleased with the coolinary menu. The ham and tomato salad had excellent dressing, the tomatoes were super fresh. Ceviche was good but a bit watery, and my brisket was tasty while a bit over cooked. Overall, everything had GREAT flavor and I love the smokiness Primitivo's cooking technique gives all of the food. Very accommodating to my friend's two young kids who dined with us! I'll be back for brunch!Had a great dinner a couple weeks ago - the steak was outstanding and I loved the primal/hipster vibe. Will definitely be back. Many thanks.This place is mainly about the fire and smoke, but they balance it with nice veggies, sides, acids, and flavors that make just about everything a surprisingly well-balanced hit.  Plus the wine list has a lot of nice options by the glass and the cocktails are pretty good.  It certainly helps if you like meat, but this place will make just about anyone happy.  
The space is nice, including a fairly large bar area and even seats overlooking the open kitchen.  It can get a bit smoky, and it appears to get extremely loud with a crowd but it seems that you can often walk in without a reservation which is always nice.  I'd definitely advise heading on over to Oretha Castle Haley and getting a great meal at Primitivo.  Well done.Delicious food, good wine selection and a nice atmosphere.
I enjoyed the 5 hour smoke beef with a glass of Luigi Bosca.
Sadly, one of the servers was a little inpatient for take our order, probably because our visit was close to the end of her shift.Everything we had was very good. Creative, yet simple. Save room for dessert because the burnt rice pudding is a must order.Excellent meal here, would highly recommend. The biggest challenge was figuring out what to order since I wanted to try about 4 different things. Alas, I landed on the candied pecans to start which are a superb cocktail pairing, and the roasted chicken which had a great smokey flavor while staying very juicy. The cornbread salad it was sitting on top of, brought everything together. Two thumbs up here.Chose this place as it was near our VRBO and boy am I glad we did! 5 Hour Smoked Beef Coulette with Pimento Cheese Grits and Scallion Jus tasted just as good as it looked. Perfect in terms of flavor and texture. We also had Braised Pork Cheeks, Smoked Pork Butt & Dumplings in Carbonara which, once again, was bursting with flavor and perfectly cooked. Our waitress was extremely attentive and happy to answer touristy questions about New Orleans. Throw in the $2.50 IPA's I was drinking because it was happy hour... what more could you ask for!Interesting space and idea. I had the fish which was very fishy tasting, so i ate around it. Excellent cocktails, very great staff. Definitely would visit again after some kinks are worked out, but overall a pretty good experience.Went here New Year's Eve with a group of nine. We were early so we had drinks at the bar -- interesting cocktail menu. Lots to choose from! I had a Basic Bee (wasn't sweet enough for my taste, haha) and a Spies like Us (more my style). We were seated a few minutes early. The biscuits are delicious, highly recommend them. I had their scallop special and it was soooooo good. Scallops were cooked perfectly. My husband and sister-in-law had the duck dish (they ran out of the beef dish they originally wanted) but I think it ended up being better! Everyone raved about the duck dish for sure. We didn't get dessert (they have a lot to choose from though) and for a group of nine, we were done eating in an hour and a half. Only downside is the location (which isn't really a deal breaker) and the noise (super, super loud).I'm giving this place thee almighty  5 stars because. ...... drumroll please! !## THE RIBS!!!! OMFG! RIBS  for a buck fifty! Can't pass this by . Yes the RIBS!#! And the well whiskey sour is pretty deliciousOne of the best places to get any selection of meat from. The meat selection is superb and mighty tasty!!!  Their chicken was the best I've had in the city of New Orleans. Super flavorful and juicy. I cannot wait to go back.I had to download the app for this and leave a review. This place is amazing!! The duck breast was the best thing I have ate before. Highly recommend it.My wife and I had just arrived in New Orleans for some much needed R&R. It was our first time to the city that we had longed to visit for some time. The reviews on the this looked very good and the food out of the ordinary, so we decided to try it out. We had the tripe starter to begin. My wife loves tripe, but I am not a big fan. However, I found this to be very good. Well worth the exploration already. Next, I tried one of their specials, Boar Ham Oatmeal, and a side of kale and a side of the home made Biscuits. It was amazing. I did not want to stop eating. 
This place is a little off the main road, but the neighborhood is coming back and this restaurant is well worth the short walk! I have never had anything like it before, but I definitely want it again!Wanted to love this place. It smells so good, the service is friendly and personable, the place is well designed but the food didn't deliver. The half chicken was a deep bronze color from the smoke but it was pretty dry as was my brisket like cut (coulette) served over pumpkin puree. The meat didn't have much to offer which was pretty disappointing. The ribs were very good, heavily sauced, deeply flavored. The best thing at the table was the field peas. Yum. lots of burnt meaty bits in there plus some potatoes. But one yummy dish does not excellent meal make.We had a large group of about 14 eat and it's didn't disappoint. What was really impressive was the service and ability to get a lot of food orders out to our group very timely - almost too fast since it was so much food. We had a very enjoyable experience.We went here for our anniversary. The food was innovative and the cocktails were delicious!The service was so bad it overshadowed the food. Ron, the manager was rude, dismissive, and unprofessional. 
You dont have a single server, its a free for all with all the servers coming to your table. I'm not a fan of this style as it leads to mistakes. I was proven right tonight. The portions were so big I over-ordered and ended up not eating one the entrees. My girlfriend and I decided to take one home instead. It got thrown out. A mistake, it happens but it's how it was handled that really pissed me off. 
The server was clearly distraught over the mistake, she was borderline awkward hanging out at the table in silence. We had to ask to speak to a manager. Ron, made things worse. All he could do is ask us what we wanted. What do you want me to do, he said. I want you to make a decision dude!  I didnt expect the entree to be comped but I thought he could have offered us something. In my mind it should have gone down like this: server realizes mistake, reports to manager, manager comes to table and explains situation. Offers cocktails and dessert as recompense. We didn't get that. Ron made excuses, lied and told us the server didn't know we wanted our entree boxed. Seriously Ron?  The end of our meal was so mishandled and ultimately Ron's attitude completely soured me to the point I just wanted to get out of there. 
Service was amateur hour. I get better service at waffle house, but I'm not paying 200 bucks for two at waffle house. Get it together Ron.Everything went well up until the end. 
The portions are big, great in a world of over tweezed plates, and we wanted to try a bunch of stuff on the menu so we ended up over ordering. We enjoyed the meal and we're talking about possibly returning with a group. That won't be happening. We finished the fish entree thinking it wouldn't keep as well as the wagyu entree and decided to take the beef home. Our server offered to box it for us but showed up at the table in a panic after she discovered someone had thrown it out before it got boxed. Her fault but we all make mistakes. Being in the restaurant business for most of my life I'm aware that mistakes happen and she seemed genuinely upset by the situation.  The problem I have is with the manager Ron. After being called to the table by a second server he walked up with nothing but attitude towards us. Asked us in a flip it manor what we would like him to do and how he should handle it. He tried to BS us and said the server didn't know we wanted it boxed to go. Clearly that wasn't true and he broke one of the cardinal rules of the restaurant business by lying to us about the situation. Don't lie to the guest, they always know.  So not cool to treat you guests like they're idiots. We then tried to explain to him that we had over ordered and hadn't eaten much of the beef that got thrown away but were met with nothing but attitude. 
An apology versus the attitude would have been nice. From the get go Ron was rude and condescending. I was not expecting to have a whole lot comped off the bill, getting free stuff wasn't the point. I was however expecting the manager and leader of this restaurant to act graciously and apologetic, not flip it and dismissive. Next time offer something to a guest when a $32 entree gets messed up, Ron, don't treat them as if they were scum for being upset. 
They did end up taking a glass of wine off the bill but sent a server we didn't know or recognize to drop the bill with out letting us know the changes that had occurred. I am in the service industry and am completely blown away by the way it was handled. My sour taste for this restaurant  could have been completely avoided and this review would not be so scathing if an apology with out condescension had been offered. 
Bottom line, Ron is unprofessional and is clearly not a leader to his staff.Visited Primitivo last night (12/8/2015) with a party of 5 to celebrate my girlfriend's birthday.  A reservation was made about a week and a half prior.  I understand why New Orleans Magazine awarded Primitivo their "Concept of the Year" award.  In theory this should be a fine restaurant.  In practice, there are some kinks that need to be worked out, as ours was definitely a visit with highs and lows.
As we entered the the restaurant, we were pretty promptly greeted by a server who asked if we had a reservation(they don't seem to have a dedicated host on staff.).  I was in the back of the group so one of our friends nearest the server gave her my name.  A gentleman not with our group walked in behind us and was waiting as well.  The server went to the other side of the restaurant to look at the reservations(no host stand at the entrance) and had our server start putting 2 tables together.  Keep in mind that as far as I could tell, every table in the place is either a 2 or 4 top.  The server who first greeted us says "we thought you were going to be a party of 5 so just let us put these 2 tables together"  to which we replied oh he's not with us, referring to the gentleman who walked in behind us.  He says "yeah I'm a party of 2."  Our waiter says "oh, ok. Well you guys will just have a little extra room then!"  But in my mind I'm thinking, so you guys were just planning on cramming a party of 5 into a single 4 top??  That was oddity number 1.
Oddity number 2 comes with the food.  It's very hit or miss.  We started with the Smoked Mullet and Field Pea Puree. Which is actually a field pea hummus with chunks of cold smoked mullet topped with not quite crudite vegetables as the menu describes.  Also, why don't they just call it a hummus on the menu?  Our server says they all refer to it as a hummus and that it even rings in their POS system as "hummus."  I think calling it hummus on the menu would be much more explanatory.  But that's not important in the long run because the dish is delicious.  The mullet had a wonderful smoked flavor that really worked with the smooth hummus.  One of the best dishes of the night.  After that, I ordered the famed pork cheeks and dumplings, my girlfriend and another friend both ordered the Smoked Beef Coulette with pimento cheese grits and Scallion Jus, and the other 2 members of our party ordered the Roasted Shrimp with Boudin Dirty Rice and Catfish Aioli.  Beginning with the best, the shrimp dish was pretty great.  Shrimp was well cooked and complemented the strong flavors of the dirty rice and aioli well with its light char.  In the middle was the steak dish.  My girlfriend's was fine.  Steak was pretty tender and well seasoned.  Grits were good, and the Jus really tasted of roasted vegetables.  Our friend who ordered the same dish however?  Well her's was 80% fat and gristle. We tried getting her to send it back but she is the type who really doesn't like doing that sort of thing in restaurants.  Instead she ate the grits and and about 20% of the meat that she could find.  My pork dish was a pretty major disappointment as well.  It seemed to be the only dish of the night that for whatever reason the kitchen seemed to feel didn't need to be touched with any salt.  I HATE when chefs and cooks feel that pork doesn't need to be seasoned.  NOT ALL PORK IS BACON!  SEASON IT AS YOU WOULD ANYTHING ELSE!!  I will say that the pork was expertly cooked. The cheeks as tender as any that I've ever encountered and the butt containing a nice char in spots but also tender.  But in New Orleans, not seasoning food is just inexcusable.  See both Cochon and Delmonico for better cheeks.  The dumplings were just as bland and I THINK they were a bit underdone.  I'm by no means a dumpling expert but I assume that's why they were a bit floury.  This dish would benefit immensely from better seasoning of the pork and perhaps lacing the dumpling with an herb of some type.  Rosemary or Thyme perhaps.  Because as is it's just a bit one note.  We also had 2 orders of biscuits which were baked nicely and my girlfriend got a side of peas and bacon which I didn't try but she seemed to enjoy.  We ended with 2 orders of the s'mores dessert which my girlfriend and I found a bit meh as they're using semi sweet chocolate(we prefer a lighter, sweeter milk chocolate for s'mores) but the other members of our party liked them as they're a bit more into darker chocolates.
The last things that I'll mention are just some other things I found odd with the service.  There was ZERO mention of the dinner being a birthday dinner even though I said it was in the reservation(truth be told I don't think they looked at our reservation at all until the moment we walked in).  And, this is a big one, when they packed up our leftovers they decided that there must be no way my girlfriend actually WANTED the half plate of grits that she left.  So as we discovered when we got home to only find 3 pieces of steak in the to go box...went with a party of 3 for lunch after houston's said it was 25 minute wait. great decision by us. primitivo is on a different level from houston's. we all tried different dishes, but the winner was the beef coulotte. at $23, it isn't the cheapest lunch option. it's a good portion size though and fully of intense smoky flavor and on top of pimento grits. it's a very good dish. service was also solid. only gripe is that it was very slow. lunch took 2 hours. there was only one other table there besides us. that doesn't work well for a business lunch. but still, i recommend checking them out and i'd be happy to return for dinner.Great food and friendly staff. I had the smoked chicken and my husband had the shrimp. Both were delicious.The interior of this place seemed vaguely similar to Balise as I walked in.  They have a main dining area with a bar for drinking and another separate bar seating area for eating.  It was much larger than I thought it would be inside so they made good use of the available space.  I didn't know they had started lunch service and just happened to driving past around lunch by chance when I noticed they were open so I decided to give it a try.  They offer a lunch special menu along with their regular menu and I decided to go with the lunch special fish, which was a drum.  The fish was well prepared and a fair portion size for the price.  The only issues I have is that the service wasn't that attentive and my server didn't have a good knowledge of the menu.  The prices also seem a bit too expensive for the neighborhood.  Overall I enjoyed my time here and could see returning if the service improved just a bit.Average charcuterie board. Ok main course - nothing to rave about. Nothing was Spectacular. Average food for $100Not that Primitivo needs another 5 star review, but I'm going to give it to them anyway. We split the ceviche, pork cheeks and dumplings, beef coulette over pimiento cheese grits, and the carrot cake donuts for desert. Not a single dish was less than amazing, but that beef coulette and pimiento grits? Officially on my list of favorite dishes in the city. That combination was just....oh my god, yummmm. The service was warm and each of our waitress' suggestions was on point. I cannot recommend this place enough!Came here a few times for happy hour and it was a great experience. I ordered the ribs which I thought are good but for $1.50 be warned that these are not the big spare ribs that you may think you are getting. My favorite on the happy hour menu is currently the Wagyu Burger. I have never eaten anything like this before, the wagyu meat is like eating butter its unbelievable. The best of the happy hour deal is the $2 draft beer.Had a great time! Warm hospitality, wonderful service, nice energy and really good food. This is the kind of place I could go to often.Excellent ribs as well as pork belly dish. Good service; lovely ambiance. The restaurant was almost empty, though, and I am not sure why. Need to get the word out that it's even there!Great happy hour! $1.50 ribs and delicious drinks. I had a paloma and you could really taste the fresh grapefruit. My husband had the Marie Louise which had Canadian Club and flavored soda that he really enjoyed. We finished the s'mores which really hit the spot. Deliciously roasted marshmallows with a chocolate ganache and graham crackers. Wonderfully classic.This outpost from Adolfo, Jarred and Ron really hits the spot.
From starters to the magnanimous Ribeye... It's all fantastic, this new OCH addition is turning palates as good as Freret did years back.
Nice cocktails, great and simple wine list, and Adolfo at the door!
Save room for the rice pudding crème-brûlée... Will make you coma back walking from Lee circle.The braised pork cheeks are fantastic, but the field peas are maybe the best dish I have had in years. 
I'll be back often to try other dishes one by one. The beer selection is great also. The desserts looked fabulous but I didn't want to loose the taste of the field peas. The service was great and the decor is wonderful as well. A great addition to New Orleans.So-  during a 2 week hiatus without the kid we tried a lot of new places and had good times with great friends.  We compared a lot of meals and Primitivo will get a return visit- both dinner and maybe lunch.  The pork cheeks and beef entrees were both very good. The mackerel appetizer is a sleeper- it's excellent (got a good lesson in fish procurement from Adolfo later).  Not too pricey and reasonable noise level.  A friend remarked the kitchen needed better suction at its hood but I don't mind smelling like smoked meat the next morning. Still working out the kinks and the staff need to speak-up and build their enthusiasm but it's a Central City winner on Oretha Castle Haley. Thanks Chef!Great restaurant and bar! I love their happy hour. The staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is very calming after a long day. Get the small plates!Found this gem near our hotel in the Garden District. In an up-and-coming neighborhood, it easily ups Cochon (where I ate earlier in the week) in my opinion.
Great atmosphere and a happy hour worth making (my husband had the HH ribs- one for $1.50 each, except they're HUGE!), house-made cocktails- go early! Then we had dinner...more food than two people could possibly eat, but so many things sounded good we had to try them all. The good news is that the portions are incredibly generous, so we now have lunch for tomorrow as well.
Seriously, worth the trip and worth every penny. Excellent experience after coming all the way from Oregon!Absolutely check this place out if you're in town. Outstanding smoked ribs and the pork cheeks are amazing. You will not regret going!Stopped in before a movie...Ribs were yummy, catfish very tasty, greens were great and service was super !
We'll be back to try more of the upscale country fare.Last few times I've gone, I have not been impressed at all. The ribeye with bone marrow is a rip off. First of all, the bones contain little to no marrow, not even enough for one person. Pretty annoying, especially considering that this is a shared plate. They also go through all the trouble of slicing the steak, yet leave a ton of fat behind. I'm not talking about buttery, delicious fat around the cap (which is one of the reasons that I love ribeye), but chewy, rubbery inedible fat. It would be better to just leave it whole if they aren't going to bother doing it right.
The service leaves something to be desired. We would have random servers come and ask us if we needed drinks after we just put in drink orders. Kind of annoying when you're trying to have a conversation, seems as though that should have been our servers job. Speaking of our server, he screwed up our order and refused to take responsibility. Our table was debating whether or not to get the Ribeye or the 12hr Coulette and an order of chicken. Somehow, he put in the Coulette and the Ribeye when we only ordered the Ribeye, and when we said something about it, he told us that it was actually us who ordered incorrectly! Why would we order 2 steak dishes?! Looking back on it, I'm glad that it worked out that way, the Coulette was actually pretty good, much better than the ribeye!
They had a smoked duck special when we went. The duck was way overdone. Dry and flavorless. For dessert, we got a Sunday (or maybe banana split, can't remember). Nothing spectacular about it, tasted and looked like something I'd slap together while smoking a joint at home. Considering that for the price, I could have made 10 of the exact same desert myself, I wouldn't recommend it.
The charcuterie board was pretty good, they had a piece of blood sausage that was pretty spectacular on there. The cheeks and dumplings and Coulette are worth trying too.
I will have to give them another try because when they first opened, I absolutely loved the place! The past few times I've gone I've been underwhelmed, and my latest visit was downright annoying. Considering the price, it was unacceptable.A very unfortunate choice of restaurant this evening. Below is a breakdown of why I wish I never found this place on Yelp.
Drinks: I tried two cocktails--some sort of Gin drink with Cloosterbitter and Angostura bitters, and a daily special strawberry lemonade drink. The former was an unfortunate bartender recommendation. I chose the later because I enjoy shrub, and mix quite a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic cocktails with it at home. Unfortunately, the drink barely tasted of the shrub, having an overall lemon flavor (and that is it). Very basic, nothing remotely interesting there. I appreciate that the other bartender came over to confer about the sweet flavor of the drink after I asked for the swap, but he was rather unpleasant about it. 
A quick note--my husband did enjoy his Chianti.
Nonetheless, I had high hopes for the food.
Food: A HUGE let down here. We ordered the steak with bone marrow from the hearth--a 26oz ribeye--all around disappointing. We ordered medium-rare, it arrived on the well side of medium--this is especially unacceptable seeing as they cut up the steak for us before bringing it to the table, didn't the chef notice that there was only a slight tinge of pink near the middle of the steak? Next, the steak was over salted--and this is coming from someone who loves salt. The bone marrow did not come with anything to soak up the gooey delicious flavor--something like flaky bread would have been nice, and maybe an interesting garnish (onion marmalade or maybe black current--a bit daring but I know this to be VERY delicious). When I asked for bread, the waitress charged me for a side of deep fried French baguette (insert incredulous look here). The broccoli side was good if not overly simple and lacking anything of interest--where are the sweet potatoes? The side of field peas with bacon, etc. was the most interesting part of the meal. Nice and smokey flavor, with a healthy amount of pork. I do think a few more greens would have made it tastier, but it is good enough as is.
Service: our waitress was kind, if somewhat hard to find.
Decor: Nice and simple, I appreciate the morse code on the wall spelling out the name of the restaurant. Great play of colors with the wood of the walls.
Overall: Considering the price tag this place barely deserves one star.The area doesn't seem very nice, but the food was delicious with a fun restaurant decor. We got the beef and grits to share and added greens and biscuits with preserves. I recommend them! I just didn't like the pina drink because it tasted like a margarita with out the salt instead of something tropical. Loved  the restaurant otherwise!So fabulous! I had the confit duck wings and the pork cheeks and they were both amazing! Super knowledgeable server for wine pairings. Go there now people.I had a solid meal here on a Saturday evening. If you like the smell of roasting meat, the aroma in the restaurant will be a pleasant scent throughout the meal for you. The decor and open kitchen are simple and perfect for this restaurant. Our waitress was incredibly friendly, enthusiastic, and knowledgeable. Her descriptions for the drink and food specials of the day were so vivid- you could almost taste them just listening to her :)
At our table of four we got the: charcuterie board, 2 orders of biscuits,  2 orders of pimiento cheese grits, pork cheeks and dumplings, 1/2 rack of ribs, and beef coulotte. The biscuits were a little bland- either them or the butter needed salt. And our companions didn't care for the pumpkin purée under there beef. Other than that, everything was delicious! The grits had this creamy and cheesy flavor- wonderful. The dumplings had a nice sweetness, the sauce creamy and salt and the meat was cooked to perfection. The ribs had come chew to them, but the sauce and char were outstanding. We left very happy! And would love to come back o try the happy hour dishes :)Amazing food. Wanted to dig in so quickly we didn't even think to take a picture. I got the charred shrimp with rice and a catfish aoli, and my wife got the catfish with tasso and turnips. Both were exquisite and had bold yet deep flavors. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking for some delicious upscale dining. My wife even said "if I could hug the chef, I would"Seriously excellent. We've been in NOLA 3 days and this was the best meal we've had, plus the service was excellent. The pork cheeks, pork butt and dumplings meal and the 5 hour smoked beef coulette were both incredible! Our server was just super friendly and recommended some other great places to check out. The decor is really nice and there are huge windows which makes for a nice atmosphere. I would recommend this place over and over.Good first experience at Primitivo. We had a Saturday night reservation at 8, though we didn't need it as the restaurant was busy but not full. The server was friendly and very enthusiastic and descriptive. They had a large drink menu, consisting of cocktails, beer, wine, and spirits (around $8 and up). 
The food menu is on the small side. We didn't seen any appetizers that caught our eye, so we opted to start with a side order of the biscuits. These we decent, but nothing special. Things definitely got better from here though. For our meal, my wife and I shared an order of the 1/2 rack of ribs, the prom cheeks, and a side of the pimento cheese grits. The ribs, though.l not quite fall off the bone tender, had delicious flavor and were served with a tasty slaw. The pork cheeks were also delicious and there were some excellent bites in the dish. The cheese grits were also good and the size of the side is definitely shareable. 
Our meal came in around $60 for that food plus a beer and a soda. We also had a $40 Groupon, so not too bad!  We will be back!Unique concept is seen throughout in special touches. I loved that when seated we were asked if we wanted bottled or tap water. We chose tap and it was served in a chilled glass bottle which was left on the table. 
I had the pork cheeks and dumplings and my husband had beef coullette with pimento grits. We split the cold cuts starter, roasted turnips, and an order of biscuits. The food was delicious with smokey notes throughout every dish. Service was outstanding. Will definitely go again and I seriously recommend.Best ribs in the city! Wow! Try to come here for happy hour for $1.50 ribs and the drinks are super!!!Not located in the recommended area but I was really curious about their menu and went any way. The food did not disappoint me. 
We tried appetizer " tripe, tomato, grana, chili, croutons", tasted rich but not overwhelming, tender but not overcooked or chewy, with a bit of bite from jalapeño and spice... Boar ham oatmeal, one of the day special, got layers of tastes from ham, veggies, oatmeal and pickled mustard seeds, tiny bit too much salty for me but yummy! " pork & dumpling in carbonara" tasted as good as it looked- pork was cooked to perfection and dumplings just the right softness.
Not sure these dishes are southern style or not but definitely different, and more importantly good!Went because it's on the Eater list for NOLA right now. Service was good, cocktails delicious, food just okay. We had the duck wing (good, but could have used some actual sauce), pork & dumpling (the best of the entrees but still just a B since it was a bit light on the flavor), shrimp which were somewhat over done and dirty rice which lacked flavor, and roasted turnips with a delicious sauce but needed 20 more minutes of roasting. Overall, B-In a world where chefs develop products, I humbly suggest an air freshener that delivers the same smoky welcome this restaurant does. The environment is bright, clean and sparkly new. I was welcomed warmly and shown a table with lots of light for reading, which I requested. There was some concern about the noise level of a nearby table by the host but I wasn't worried about it. I appreciated the sensitivity (the receipt simply says server1). This is a great restaurant to go in with a bunch of people who don't mind sharing plates. Alas, I was there by myself. I limited myself to one plate which was really hard to do. I went with the braised cheeks and dumplings. I was delighted. There was a nice balance between the succulent meat and the dumpling. The sauce was a nice accent and the portion was great. More sauce plus a hunk of bread and butter would've been beyond indulgent. Server provided perfect level of attention. I've  been using this street as my preferred path from Jackson to downtown and know that with all these wonderful places opening the street will soon be congested.Excellent and creative menu choices!  Fresh, meticulously prepared and unique!  Service knowledgeable but could be more attentive about consistency of order and delivery, especially drinks.  Atmosphere puzzling, a mixture of modern techno, riadhouse, and an intriguing picture of a young Rachel Welch, from a caveman movie "A Million Years BC, I think. Easy on the eyes for sure, but I'm missing the thematic connection. Located in an emerging trendy area.  Overall excellent place.  Chef owner obviously engaged, enthusiastic and involved.  Came over and nearly ordered for us, and I'll say he has a reason to be proud.  A little tuning, and this is a place to watch!  Highly recommended.  Convivial, but not rowdy.  I got a good vibe regarding the teamwork, except the bar seemed disconnected.  This disconnection revealed in order consistency, prompness, and body language.  Possibly new staff, possibly politics?Huge fan of this place.  We sat at the cold bar.  Cocktails were tremendous.  They make a lot of their tonics, tinctures, etc in house and everything we tried as good.
The duck wings were off the charts, the pork cheeks not far behind.  Roasted tomato gazpacho with smoked chantrelles was to die for.  The burnt rice pudding for dessert was amazing as well.  
The staff was super warm and attentive as well.  Can't wait to go back!We went to Primitivo because it was reviewed as a great BBQ place, but they actually have very little BBQ.  They cook over open wood flame, but not real BBQ.  We found out they only do happy hour from 3-5, so mostly appetizer type dishes.  Burger was okay and the ribs were tender but not a lot of flavor.  Will try again during normal dinner hours to see how they do and will update my review.Really good food and a ton of it -- be smart on your ordering or you will over order for sure.  Family style prices are really inexpensive -- the prices are not indicative of the amount of food you get.  
The only reason why I didn't rank it a 5 is because my group was not happy with one particular waitress.  The wait staff was a two person team -- the first waitress was great.  Friendly & energetic.  But unfortunately for us she left to serve another table and the second was about as opposite as you could get.  She talked us into too much food but most importantly she was not friendly.  Food was a 5 -- that waitress a 1 star for sure.I can't think of anything we had that wasn't delicious- duck wings and the glazed pecans topped the list, the family size chicken, prime rib and fish - fantastic!  And did I mention the pecans!  Unique mixed drinks - house made tonic - and those pecans!!!!  Desserts were yummy too!  Great service, great for a corporate group, family dinner - or for a couple,  ambience is wonderful.  Thank you RON for handling our group reservations! We will definitely be backI went here today with my boss for lunch.  I got the lamb slider with homemade potato chips.  The slider was on a homemade biscuit.  It was really good and enough food.  My boss got the chicken with oatmeal special. It sounds very odd and didn't look appetizing, but was very tasty.  Everything was fresh.  We decided to get dessert and got the rice pudding and crème brulee together with sliced grapes on top.  Very strange, but it worked.  The rice pudding cut the sweetness of the dessert.  I will be back to try other things on this creative menu!I was less than impressed with this place. I expected Paleo style food cooked over an open fire as was advertised. This restaurant appears to be in the middle of nowhere is very far from the usual tourist beaten track. That would not pose a problem if the food was extraordinary but it wasn't. The ceviche was not particularly tasty and contained pickled elements that were reminiscent of a jar of anti-pasta.  Other dishes seemed like glorified bar snack.  The salad dishes were uninspired and lacked any fresh and interesting ingredients. It seems that this restaurant charges quite a lot for serving up platters of pickled or cured meats and other pickled or preserved items at what must be enormous mark ups.  
Definitely not worth the journey into this rather remote area.One of the best meals of my life. This place is a must-go. Try the pork and dumplings and the duck confit wings, they're both phenomenal.The atmosphere is very relaxing and the menu is diverse.  Recommend the 1/2 slab ribs (the slaw was really good) and the roasted shrimp (boudin with all the sauce and catfish aoili (yum)).  The side of pimento grits was great, but we already had enough food with the side of biscuits.  Will return.WOW!  Meat, Fire and Salt sums it up.. Beef Coulette was amazing with the Charred vegetable Tzatziki.  The Charred Eggplant with Harissa, Yogurt and Sesame is the BEST version of eggplant I have ever tasted!  Don't forget the Candied Pecans with Chili and Orange- ADDICTING!  Oh...and da biscuits- delightful large squares to soak up all the little bits of flavor on your table!  Had Founders Curmudgeon Beer on draft to counter the smoke and spice... Would like to eat here EVERY WEEK! Thank you Chef Garcia and crew!!I gave Primitivo 3 stars.  It really was a solid restaurant.  I kind of feel bad for rounding a 3.5 down to a 3, but then again, not that bad.
I met two buddies down here for a Saturday meal.  I was not thrilled about the location.  Primitivo is in central city, so finding a nearby parking spot was key.  No big deal.
Restaurant was hipster and handsome.  Concept seemed to be meat and fire.  Recipe for success if you ask me.  The menu was simple with strong options.  We started with smoked mullet and duck wings for apps.  The duck wings were the best thing I had that night.  Big hit with the table 5/5.  Great flavor with nice meat to sauce ratio.  Mullet app was decent, maybe a 3/5.  It was served over pea puree and had lettuce/croutons.  
We did 2 mid courses, 1 dish from the hearth and 1 side.  They were all served together which made for a lot of food to come out at once.  Our mid courses were smothered catfish and smoked beef coulette.  I could have done without the catfish, but that's a personal preference.  The beef coulette was served over pimento cheese grits.  I don't like pimento cheese unless (just found out last night) it is served in grits.  Great dish with the beef on top.  Good marbling and nice smoked flavor.  4/5.  
The chicken was our dish from the hearth.  It had a great flavor, but I found it a bit dry.  It was served over some veggies and greens, which didn't add anything to the dish for me.  3/5.
I was pumped about ordering a side of biscuits with butter and preserves.  This side was kind of a let down.  Some other yelpers have raved about it.  I suspect, our biscuits were overcooked.  They were dense which I like, but the outside was a too hard.  The butter and preserves saved the starch - hard to go wrong with those two.  
Overall, Primitivo was a solid dinner option in not my favorite part of town.  Still, good restaurants are popping up in central city, so I go.  I will repeat this spot, and I'm betting I'll have to upgrade these guys to a 4/5.My mom & I went during happy hour, so there were specials.  We tried the Duck Wings and the shrimp and beet salad to start, and both were very good.  We shared the pork cheek and dumpling entree & it was DELICIOUS.   We got a side of greens to go along & they were also well done .   Great wine options, beers, and craft cocktails too.  Great ambience, and our server, Randy, was top notch.Delicious and off the beaten path. Very happy to see the rejuvenation of Oretha C Haley area! The biscuits are ridiculously delicious! Watermelon ceviche was divine.I honestly wasn't that impressed with Primitivo. It had that raucous "it" restaurant vibe, but the food was just very solid. Nothing crazy though. I'd go as far as saying it was overpriced for the quality. The atmosphere annoyed me more than anything.
Duck wings for appetizer...my date crowed about them, but I didn't see the appeal. BWWs is just as good or better, and I say that as someone who doesn't even like BWWs. So, guessing it was just pretension.
Had pork cheek & dumplings...pretty good. No complaints, but I guess was expecting to be blown away because of the hype.
Gal had the ribeye. Again...good and cooked perfectly, but as long as you have good meat and it's done correctly, there's no real showstopper to be had here.
The s'mores were cleverly plated, but...just s'mores. Not as good as you remember from camping.
Biscuits were damned good, though. I'll give em that. Drinks were strong and well done. They didn't screw up the French press, but it didn't change my world. Like the rest of the meal...solid.
Overall...7.5/10? Overhyped, overpriced, but still pretty good overall. No need to go back with so many other places to try, but I certainly would if someone else was paying.Definitely worth checking out!
Duck wings are good. The pork cheek and dumplings and really good! We also got the steak and the chicken, would get both again!!
The only thing I did not enjoy was the smoked oyster app. It almost tasted like a really generic tuna salad. It wasn't necessarily bad, just not good either, it was strange.
Cant wait to go back!!Meat & Smoke deliciousness!  Excellent meat excellently prepared. Great wood smoke flavor nicely balanced with the meat. Family style eating that's hearty & satisfying. Corkage reasonable at $15.00. Really good seasonal sides. Desserts tasty but not so good for sharing.We joined a large table for a birthday celebration.  The service was detailed and very attentive for our loud table of twelve.  The bottles of red (cotes du rhone and carmenere) continued throughout the evening and were perfect pairings for all of the dishes introduced to the table.  
First class to this new find!  Glad to be a NOLA local to have this restaurant in my city to recommend to others!Rustic cooking and heavily char-coaled and smoked meats, fish and condiments. Open merely a few weeks they are just out of the gate and mapping out a format. My experience was good with both good and ok dishes. Starting on the high.....pork cheeks and dumplings. Excellent dish with melt in your mouth morsels of meat, smothered in a rich carbonara sauce with little pillows of dumplings. Also a crunchy seasoned pecans as an appetizer were very good. The duck wings were tender and tasty enough with a sauce that reminded me of the traditional wing sauce but toned down in spice. However, I found it ordinary. The smoked culotte was a bit overly smokey and masked any true beef flavor. The veggie tzasiki also made of smoked vegetables added another layer of pungent smoke and the acid (vinegar or other) I thought clashed with the dish overall. Smoked Chicken was tender and good and if you like heavily smoked flavors they are there. The dessert - some type of fried fritter with a sugar sprinkle and side of spiced butter was not worth a second bite. Parking was a bit of an issue and service was very good. Overall the experience was positive.We dined here with a large group over Memorial Day weekend. The staff was very accommodating and the food was perfect. Would definitely go back.We met some friends for lunch and were really pleased with our experience. We did not try any specialty drinks, but did have a few of the local beers. I ordered the market fish lunch special and it was delicious. Also, a very nice portion for a good price. Would definitely recommend others to check this place out!!Have been away from nola less than 2 months and this place has opened up in the BOOMING - O.C. Haley area of town. Beautiful finish out, great music and friendly staff make this place a WELCOME addition in my neighborhood. 
Turns out after talking with my highly competent Bartender...Travers , that this place is owned by Adolfo Garcia (of too much fame to mention in this review).  Makes sense because like all of his spots, this place subscribes to a Culture of Excellence.
The majority of thier food is cooked over an open flame (hence the name "Primitivo") and I gotta give a shout out to Alex and Eric who sit in the hot seat (900+ degrees) and do it with the greatest attitude in the world!  It's nice to see such pride and craftsmanship.  
Do yourself a favor and check this place out asap. Travers says that the Happy Hour is off the chain. I can't wait to come back and bring everyone I know. 
Came in for 1 drink.....stayed for 3, plus a Small Plate.
Cheers! (Pictured are the Duck Wings and Boulevardier)This was such an amazing dining experience! I would recommend this to anyone who is in New Orleans and looking for a place a little off the beaten path for an incredible meal.
They were so helpful in accommodating our large group of 20 people, and the restaurant was such a cool space. The cocktails were exceptional (I loved the Honey D), and the list was extensive.
I'll have to describe how wonderful my meal was, but I feel like everyone in the party could rave about whatever they ordered (I'm pretty sure we got a pretty good portion of what was on the menu). I got the 5-hour smoked beef coullette, which was absolutely perfect and so interesting with the pumpkin purée. I started with the charred Kale salad, and also got the biscuits to go along with the main course, and they were both so delicious. 
And a plus, our waiter, Randy,  was awesome and so great at taking care of such a large group!!! He described the food and drinks with such artistic detail that it's worth asking just to hear him elaborate on the dishes. 
This will be the first spot I go back to when I visit New Orleans again!From the lightly smoked oysters to the beef coulotte, everything was wonderfully prepared and presented. The staff was very attentive and friendly and we enjoyed our meal immensely. Definitely worth the trip.