My best friend took me here for my birthday and we had an awesome experience. Try sitting at the bar in the back because they have an open kitchen there and you can see everything. I had their grilled hanger steak. The cheddar spoon bread was very creamy and quite a unique add on to the steak. I loved the grilled bok choy that came with along with the giant onion rings. The chef came over and talked to us and gave us dessert on the houseThis place has been open a year and why have not heard of it? It's among the best restaurants in the city with perhaps the most innovative and interesting spin on classic southern fare with the notch turned up. Way up. We had the southern small plate and literally every bite was the best I have had with interesting variety and flavors. Our entrees were equally impressive. The gulf fish with grits could be "been there, done that" BUT it was amazing with sautéed artichokes and a delicate sauce pulling it all together. The pecan short rib with Tasso mac and cheese cake was also moan worthy. Dessert is up next and I can hardly wait.My suggestion is to sit at the bar and let Carmine take care of you. He makes some dope cocktails & steers you in the right direction. This place is legit & a must for foodies. Hip Louisiana locals type of place - both food & drinks are leagues above the rest!!!! Seriously, don't miss out!!!!!Went a few weeks ago for lunch. The cocktails were delicious. The lunch offerings were very tasty, although the portions were quite small. We ordered catfish&grits, Brussels sprout salad and yummy desserts (3leches and chocolate marquise). Attentive service and nice ambiance. It is located in a shady part of town, I'm not sure I would feel comfortable going there at night.We ate there for dinner on a Wednesday night and it is fantastic - we have dined at all the great restaurants in New Orleans. Standouts were the fried catfish small plate (simple, yet amazing) and the tamale. We ordered the drum with cardamom grits - fish was perfect and the grits were the best I have had. The cardamom is subtle and gives the grits amazing flavor. The fish portion was small - we would have paid a bit more for more fish. The only disappointment was the salads - the beet and cauliflower had so much vinegar that it was more like a plate of pickled vegetables (tasty, but overkill) and the hush puppy salad was all about the hushpuppies (which are awesome). I definitely recommend Purloo - next time I'd like to try the short rib! It's worth the trip down on an evening. That strip of OC Haley is safe at night and easy to park (in case people are deterred from going there still).My two friends and I recently visited this restaurant having several appetizers and the short ribs and hanger steak.  The short ribs And crab soup were declared excellent.  The rest of the food was average. Desserts were overpriced and nothing special At all.  The house special lane cake was too dry to be edible. The texture indicated it had been cut for some time.  The owner/manager was told and made no apologies nor did he offer another dessert.  I became very ill after returning to the hotel and another in our party is ill this morning.I just visited last week and the food was really fantastic (cocktails too). Sitting at the bar by the kitchen and interacting with the staff and watching is very cool. I loved the Southern Cheese Board particularly but I was with 3 people and we each had 3 courses and was a fan of them all. My one issue was the service. The restaurant was relatively empty and I still had to wait for cocktail refills for a long period between.Just went to a 4 month old new resturante in a section of New Orleans that is changing(lower garden uptown) 10 minutes from the 1/4
Purloo 30 foot ceilings open kitchen at one end and the oldest bar top in NO (1851) resurrected from Katrina. The food was very good southern type rabbit,drum,hanger steak,a very taste southern bouillabaisse. The service staff good and knowledgable and bartender new his way around. I will go back when I get back to NOLA next yearFried chicken with mac n cheese was a thing of beauty. 
The OCH sandwhich is to die for. 
I'm coming back.If I could give Purloo 10 stars I would. Everything was amazing!! Because I can sometimes be directionally challenged, it took two phone calls to find the restaurant which is hidden behind dark windows after the museum closes. The staff were very helpful and patient with me and my crew so that was a plus. We seat at the counter so we could see all the magic happening. The Dream Team was working tonight- Ben, Allen, and Stewart! They are all individually and thoroughly freaking awesome!! 
The food. Man oh man, the FOOD! The southern board was my starter. Let me just say they make their own crackers people. I'll need look at a cracker the same! The boiled peanuts got my southern approval! Entrees were the catfish, skirt steak, and beef short rib. ALL bursting with flavor and a party in your mouth! Dessert was tres leche cake! Some of the best I ever had. 
I got this place off a Zagat list and I'm glad I did. The decor was stellar. Food was phenomenal. And the staff top notch!!Mixed reviews on food.  A few people ordered seafood that included crab legs but they did not have utensils for everyone  to crack the crab....we were told to share what they had. 
Our order got lost...so we had to wait quite awhile for the food and were no comped anything for the inconvenience. The waitress was very nice but I think inexperienced. 
But the dish that several others had was very good and the contemporary industrial setting nicely done....thought could use a few more pops of color.We decided to try Purloo despite what other locals told us. There was Terrible service. The Staff was very inattentive. We waited over 30 minutes for a drink. We didn't even get a water refill until after we had already finished our salads. As Nola locals, we would never choose to patron a restaurant with such service and product. We actually had to wait at the door to give someone feedback and only after we went to grab someone did they pay any notice that we were leaving. Very disappointing.Terrible experience for the second time. We went opening week: food very good, service awful to the point of laughable. Gave it 6 weeks & returned, hoping service issues had been dealt with. But service was as bad, if not worse,  than before.  Server was incapable of timely delivery of everything beginning  with drinks. Never cleared dirty dishes and no bus service other than servers in sight. When entrees were finally delivered, the server (not our original one)sassed  us when we told him that we needed appetizer plates removed before he could put the plates down. original server continually apologized for everything yet was incapable of doing anything correctly. We ordered wine when we gave our entree order, which we never received, as we watched the sole bartender take a break... on Saturday night at 8:30???  Server continually touched our shoulders, rubbed our backs, etc.  We found this extremely inappropriate. The chef/owner is busy cooking, yet there was no floor manager. We will never return because the terrible service rendered the quality of the food, which was high, a moot point.While my husband enjoyed his three-course "theater special", I was not as pleased with my experience at Purloo.  To start with, when I ordered my wine, the waiter came back to tell me they were out of Pinot Grigio.  I ended up ordering a much more expensive wine which would have been fine if the bartender had poured an extra ounce or reduced the price a bit to compensate for the inconvenience.  The pour is very small.  Btw, they were out of the Chardonnay as well.  I felt manipulated into buying a much more expensive wine.  I ordered the short rib, and that is exactly what you get - one rib.  You don't get any bread with it although there is some sauce.  I was still hungry so I ordered dessert which was quite good.  This is not a cheap restaurant.  We paid over a hundred dollars for two meals, and I was hungry all night.  Service was very good, and the employees friendly.  But I really don't want to go back for a second time.They violated all principles of Southern decency by being out of iced tea at lunch so i drank water with she crab soup $9 and curried goat $13 with my bill total being $27.80 so it seems i still got charged for my missing iced tea anyway. The soup was good while the goat was tough with little flavor so it comes nowhere close to the great curried goat my Vietnamese friends make. This is a nice facility as part of the Southern Food & Beverage Museum but at those prices I'm going for better food, better service and 25 cent martinis at Commander's Palace for weekday lunch.A solid 3.5 stars, still some bumps to work out but with a little more time and finesse this could be a stand out new star in New Orleans. The newly bustling OCH corridor now officially has a fancy restaurant, complete with $10+ mixologist made drinks. The kitchen is glorious - imagining there will be classes/exhibitions there by the Southern Food & Beverage museum next door? The ambiance at this time is definitely minimalist and a bit industrial, I appreciated the fresh flowers at the tables for pops of color.
While I loved my "Shhh" with Pisco Porton (fell in love w the stuff in Peru last month) and watermelon, it was expensive for a fairly small (but strong and well made) drink. The price point seems high for its location - both geographically within the city and for New Orleans as a whole. However, it was a complex and well crafted beverage. 
The Southern Board small plate was good for sharing, the boiled peanuts, pimento cheese and green tomato chutney stood out. However, it was a bit confusing in how to eat the cheese and chutney given the proportion of crackers and okra it came with. The deviled eggs and charcuterie meat tasted a bit stale/refrigerated. 
I had the curry lamb, which was very tasty, great flavors! However, I would have preferred rice to banh mi bread with the dish (I'm such a South Asian), and had the cilantro chopped up instead of in whole pieces where it ended up as a garnish. However, the lamb was super tender and fall off the bone delicious. My friend had the short ribs, Tasso macaroni and cheese with greens. I think the greens were my favorite bite of the whole meal - exceptional yum. The ribs were flavor wise good but a bit dry and not as tender, fall off the bone as the lamb. Mac n cheese was solid.
Overall, I have hopes Purloo works out some of these details to become the star it wants to be. This seasonal, well crafted Southern menu featuring different regions is already fantastic addition to our city.I think the concept is great for this restaurant and the space was lovely but the food was underwhelming. Beet & cauliflower salad was not that good and I love both those things so not finishing this dish is a big deal for me. Tamales were good but sauce was too salty. Hanger steak was good but nothing extraordinary and maybe that was because I was so let down by my appetizers.  The stand out dish was the drom which was very good. Seems like the flavors on some dishes could be tweaked a bit and this restaurant could be great.The flavors are just superb,  and the service wss excellent.  Sometimes everything just clicks and this was one of those times.  Loved sitting at the bar surrounding the kitchen.  Loved the entire space and the experience.  Everyone there seemed so please to be working there.Amazing, wow! Love it. Never wrote a review before but this place inspired me. Going to use the table setting for my profile pic. Great southern cooking mixed with a chic atmosphere!Had a good experience here and I love the concept! 
Purloo is part of the Southern Food and Beverage museum. As a result they focus on regional recipes and local ingredients. The chef runs a considerable number of specials each night -- with offerings I haven't seen on menus anywhere else. The preparations are deceptively simple. Loved tasting the clean flavors and unique foraged foods! 
So we had ribs glazed in a mayhaw sauce. What's a mayhaw? An indigenous southeastern berry. The glaze was great. Sweet and tart. 
We also had seared swordfish with creole tomatoes and a purslane salsa. Delicious. 
The menu excited me. I feel like a lot of NOLA fine dining (maybe fine dining everywhere but i couldn't speak to that) you just see repetitions of similar dishes popping up everywhere as food trends come and go but they were really moving beyond that. 
The bad? I'm not sure if the finished dishes fully reach the promise of the amazing ingredients they're incorporating. If I tasted purslane in the swordfish dish, I never knew it. The swordfish was perfectly seared, but the flavor may have been a bit too subtle overall. It was also like $30 and I'm still trying to decide how I feel about that. I'm willing to pay for delicious food -- and innovation, but the tomatoes were sliced and raw and the fish was probably a 3-4 ounce portion. The salsa and vinaigrette said to be accompanying it were mere drizzles. 
As an entree, it left me wanting a bit more. But I'm not sure if that's bad or not. Are we just too used to 12 ounce fish filets and generous spoonfuls of cream sauce? I will go back and make up my mind, don't worry y'all.Atmosphere: very modern and cool. Tall ceilings. Love the bar at the kitchen concept. 
Short ribs: tiny for $25. Only one small short rib and was overlooked. Mac n cheese was good. 
Drum: pretty good. Grits were awesome. 
Hanger steak: good but very small portion... Maybe 4 oz?
Appetizers: really good. Beets were awesome. Board was great with fried pickles. Pimiento was good but wish it was chunkier. The chutney was amazing. 
Overall: I'll be back but I will request a bar seat overlooking the kitchen.This place is great. The food is excellent but the peanut bourbon is outta this world.Holy crap, this place is amazing!  Southern without kitsch or pretension.  Best collards I've had in my life, and I've been around in that area.  Wonderful cheese/appetizer plates, smoked meats, desserts.  I'd live here if I could.
Delightful staff and nice open-air kitchen.
The museum is nice, too.WE SAW A MOUSE. Within minutes of being sat, a mouse scampered along the side of the restaurant. My boyfriend brought it to the waitress's attention and she said "oh well it's New Orleans, what can you do?!" 
John Besh's restaurant don't have mice. Appolline doesn't have mice. The jazz musuem next door doesn't have mice. Not even the diciest of oyster bars in the French quarter have mice. 
Never mind the fact the the entire waitstaff, manager, and open line staff were completely preoccupied by a couple sitting at the line seats to care.
Food was great, prolly had mouse feces in it though.BLUF:  Based on cocktails alone this is 5 stars place.  I gave it 4 stars only because I didnt get to try the food.  I'll def be back to try the food
Oretha Castle Haley Blvd is a long name that I always end up calling Aretha Franklin but people know what I am talking about.  This is an upcoming street with more and more awesome places to eat and drink.  Purloo is attached to the Food Museum which was having an event so I couldnt go in.  
Purloo was a very wide open large room with lots of seating.  Staff was great but you could tell they want people to have a reservation if you are going to eat.   We went to the bar though.  
Bartender (mixologist i guess is more PC) was fantastic.  Very friendly, professional, knowledgable.  We got 2 of the peanut bourbon cocktails which were incredibly original and tasty.  The boiled peanuts were awesome and the drink had a peanuty flavor but still had a good bourbon burn.
The girls got girly things that I dont really remember but I tasted them and they were both incredibly refreshing and good.  One had a pickled watermelon rind which was interesting and great. 
They dont have a huge cocktail list but what they have are original and great (small beer list; I didnt look at the wine list nor the overall bar stock).  Place is great to go have a nice drink and be able to talk to your company.  Very nice place and great drinks.The only reasons this didn't get 1 star is bc I want the restaurant to succeed and the chef understands his flavor profiles.  I will share some opinions/ tips/ issues. 
Ambiance:
-Dim the overhead lights. Add candle motifs to the tables. 
-Add art to the giant wall
-The space feels like a temporary pop up restaurant
Food:
-The tastes overall were solid and main reason I gave two stars.
-The small portions were laughable. The women in our party were hungry after dinner and they are tiny ladies. I had to eat something when I got home. I literally took a picture of the steak serving bc I thought they ran out of steak and gave the three tiny pieces that were leftover. 
-Price point is a joke for the neighborhood and w the tiny portions it makes it even crazier. I can get twice the food for two thirds the price at most good restaurants in town. 
Service:
-I think there was only one waiter. Everyone else was bussing or expediting the food.
-So that means slow service
-25mins to pick up our credit cards to pay the bill after dinner.
-Maitre de didn't even say buy when we walked past him on the way out. I typically could care less but there weren't many people in the restaurant and we walked literally right passed him. 
I hope this place survives bc I want Nola to thrive. Don't forget you are a destination bc of your location so people will stop coming if you don't fix your issues.They get an "A" for effort, but they have mice. In the middle of dinner service, one ran across the floor and the waitress shrugged it off as, "...it's an old building...hahahaha". Nope, girl. Not acceptable. And, they purposely short you on crostini and then charge you $1.50 for two more pieces. Two stars are generous, if you ask me.We've been back a number of times over the past few months and Purloo has definitely hit its stride.  The menu is a bit on the small side in order to keep things fresh but should have a little bit to keep everybody happy and the food execution is consistent despite a small kitchen staff (all of whom you can see while you dine).  The cocktail program remains great and wine options are now greatly expanded while service that was a bit hit or miss at the beginning is generally good.  The space can seem a bit big with the high ceilings and large expanse of SoFAB separated by basically a huge sheet in the evenings but the wood bar & tables provide nice ambiance and the completely open kitchen provide a connection to the kitchen that you don't get at most restaurants.  Prices aren't cheap and the portions are generally average so I presume there will be complaints about this place related to portion size & value for the price paid - I have seen the hangar steak and it's generally 3 slices of steak along with spoonbread, etc. so if you're looking for an entire steak this entree isn't for you and it may be overpriced at $26 yet it's still darn good.  Admittedly, there have also been a couple dishes where I really wanted more of the sauces on my plate to complement the food but when you have a good sauce you almost always want more.
They're now doing both lunch and dinner from Tuesday to Saturday, I haven't personally tried a lunch service yet but Purloo should definitely be worth a visit for most people interested in food.I have been meaning to try Purloo since I read about it a while back. And this past Saturday, when I was looking for a place to grab a late dinner, Purloo popped up on my OpenTable app as having available reservations as late as 10 pm, so my friend L and I decided to give it a try. And boy, are we glad that we did.
When I walked in, I was greeted by the sweetest gentleman host (Forgive me, I forgot his name), who made the correct guess that I was the one who made a 9:45 reservation. I asked him how and he told me his process of deduction between my name and my Asian features. This could've gone wrong very easily, but he handled the situation with such sincerity and all the respect in the world.
We were seated at the bar looking at the kitchen. We got to see everything get plated and be sent out to tables. We started out with some wine. We ended up getting the Unique Sauv Blanc. It was recommended to us when we asked for a fruity, slightly sweet, and not dry white. I knew it was meant to be when our server came over with the bottle, because there were butterflies on the bottle. ;)
We started the meal with the board, which was fantastic. Everything was delicious but I particularly loved the tomato chutney. Well, actually I didn't care too much for the boiled peanuts, but I think that's just because boiled peanuts aren't really my thing. L and I usually do a bunch of small plates, but the mains looked so good we decided to get two of them and share. I got the short ribs and L ordered the curried goat. My short ribs were good but I was really in love with the goat. I do have to mention the greens that came with the short ribs though. They were fantastic.
We also did dessert. We got the chess pie (aka ooey gooey cake). I've never had my ooey gooey with strawberries before, but it was a great combination.
Service was great. Food was great. I have a feeling that everything on that menu is fantastic. I will definitely be back.Dinner last night. Greeted by Mr. Nash. Served by Sidney. The old bar is gorgeous. Though the decor leans toward industrial sheik the whole experience was really comfortable. Inspite of a large party, the noise level was quite low. Purloo has an open kitchen displaying a well run, neat and clean operation. We began with a round of delightfully crafted cocktails. The barkeep obliged by omitting honey to the Thyme infused libation making it per our wishes. Excellent!  One of the chefs is originally from the UK but grew up in Cajunland-- that is evident in his traditional chicken & sausage gumbo which maybe some of the best around. The She Crabsoup in a cream sauce was light and robust.  Hanger steak, pork chop, drum fish, pecan crusted beef ribs were excellently prepared allowing the real flavors to shine. And then ... Dessert: Sweet Potato hand pie with Steen's syrup ice cream--ohhhhhhh so good! Pot de crime w Rice Cala- an old New Orleans street food. Great! It's a great place, reasonably priced, comfortable and the the food is honored by the staff. Hats off to Purloo! Corkage a sensible $15.00.Purloo is a cool spot. Housed inside the Food and Beverage museum, the interior is sleek but industrial. It's cool that the kitchen is open. But looks aren't really what's most important. It's what's inside (FOOD!) that really counts. Purloo did not disappoint.
Our group of four started with the Southern board, which features some delicious pimento cheese, fried pickles, smoked lamb, and other goodies. Everything was excellent. A friend had the crab soup, which was also quite good. For entrees, we shared two specials: a seafood platter and a whole flounder. The highlight of the platter for me was the stuffed crab. The fish was flavorful too. A friend had the seafood boil, which she liked a lot too. Messy but tasty. For dessert we had a cinnamon ice cream with a ginger cookie. Awesome.
They have some good cocktails on the menu too. I tried three of them and enjoyed them all. The Big Payback was especially good. It tasted like a peanut butter bourbon. The service was very nice too and the price wasn't too bad. We spent about $70 per person and left quite satisfied. I'd definitely recommend Purloo to others and hope to go back again sometime soon.BLUF:  Awesome cocktails. Exciting menu.  Cool atmosphere.  
We have been here a couple times for drinks and just once for food.  The cocktails are really good and interesting.  The best is a boiled peanuts and bourbon.  All of them are great though.
For food we got the hanger steak with leeks, onion rings and a cheddar bread.  The cheddar bread thing was amazing and so were the giant onion rings.  The onion rings had a very light fry to them and they were great.  I am surprised the onion rings and cheddar bread are not an appetizer option.  The hanger steak was very good too.  I am not a fan of leeks so I won't really comment but my wife liked them.
We also go the goat curry which I do not recommend.  The curry sauce was great but it was more thin curry than I like.  The goat is on the bone still which keeps the juiciness better but it makes it awkward and difficult to eat the dish.  Very small portion too.  Under the goat was a small amount of sweet potatoes and other veggies.  Overall it was a very small portion of food  and not really worth the hassle.  
We split a dessert at the end.  We got a salted chocolate moose (sp?) with candied orange rinds and pecans.  I don't like nuts in my food/desserts so that was a drawback for me personally.  Other than that it wasn't all that impressive.  Good but not great.   
Overall the place is great.  Amazing atmosphere, great staff, great cocktails and great food.  However, I do think there is the potential to order something less than spectacular.     .I had a great dining experience here!
Sure, it's new and has some kinks to work out but that should be expected. The chefs were amazing! Not sure where they came from but some time was definitely well spent on finding them.
The menu can use more food items. There were 5 or 6 specials but I would like to see more variety with fish and chicken. The drinks were good and the bar scene is killer!!! I got the oysters and rice, which were PHENOM. I would not recommend that seafood boat. Go to Deanies or something for that. 
I really like this revitalized neighborhood. Looking forward to hanging out more and more.Amazing food & drink!  Service is excellent as well. Brand new. But awesome!  Sit at the bar at the kitchen.Great new restaurant at the new Southern Food & Beverage Museum within the up-and-coming O.C. Haley corridor in Central City.  The restaurant opened quietly on January 7 so they're still refining some aspects of the menu, service, wine list, etc. but naturally all the food is Southern and on an initial visit the service was friendly, food and wine was good, and even the cocktails were excellent.
The space is nice with a beautiful bar up front, quite a few wood tables in the middle, and a large open kitchen in the back with about 10-12 seats around it.  That's where the magic happens right in plain view and chef Ryan Hughes has spent years coming up with great dishes from all across the South but adding some twists or putting together items and flavor combinations you wouldn't expect.  Most of the menu could be described as "comfort food" with big flavors and using the best local meats & produce, much of which is procured directly from the source.
Purloo and SoFAB are great additions to the area and with the New Orleans Jazz Market opening shortly across the street you'll have plenty of reasons to visit the corner of MLK & O.C. Haley in the coming years.  Bravo!What a phenomenal place!!!!  A fantastic addition to the BOOMING O.C. Haley section of town. Took my daughter here and she was blown away!  From the cocktail (Big Payback) that started our evening to dessert that ended it....everything was mind-blowing.  Chef Ryan and his team made us feel like we were the two most important people in the world with their warmth and attention to detail.  Do yourself a favor and get to Purloo as soon as possible for an evening that you will never forget.In a word, spectacular.  In a city with no shortage of great restaurants, Purloo is right at the top of the list. Loved the open kitchen and the really unique menu items. Everything from the cocktails thru the dessert were great. Service was outstanding. Tried things that I would not normally see on a menu including a beet and tequila cocktail as well as curried goat. Everything was outstanding. We were a party of two, but I think it would be a great place for a larger group as well. The place had a great vibe.I tried a lot of food and everything was ok. Nothing here impressive or surprising. Very small portions which are fine if there quality is high. The catfish was the worse...1/4 of a filet that taste on par with any run of the mill fried catfish. The difference is the small piece cost $7 during happy hour. The boiled peanuts are dry and not your typical juice filled soft ones like you could get for $2 off the side of the road. I may give it another try in a few months but for now it's low stars from me.The service and food were top-notch. The goat was the most tender piece of meat I have ever had.  Also had the tamales which were wonderful. The drum and beef short ribs were full of flavor. Don't pass up the fried strawberry hand pies a la "Hubig's." Fabulous crust.This place is extremely overpriced. I ordered the hangar steak and it came with approximately 7 bites of steak and cost $26. Even worse it wasn't that good, definitely not worth the price.Quite a diverse and pleasing menu, full of tasty delicacies. I would give it four or five stars, except my seafood platter came with a crab that had an intact digestive tract... Which I only discovered after I took a deep bite which tasted like sewage. When brought to the attention of our server, I received an apology- and nothing more. 
Aside from that mishap, it was a pleasant evening.I adore this restaurant. I made a reservation for Saturday night on the first weekend of Jazz Fest for my bachelorette party... As soon as we arrived, they were super accommodating and were very excited to have us, which set such a great tone for the night. Dinner was fantastic. I had the special for the night - - the buttermilk soft-shell crab - - which was very tasty (the red creole gravy hit the spot!) and it seems that everyone else in the party enjoyed their meals as well. I got a sample of the she-crab soup and the short ribs; both were fantastic. The service definitely went above and beyond. My girls and I had such a wonderful time, and I couldn't imagine starting off our night on a better foot. When I come back to New Orleans, I am definitely pencilling in another trip to this restaurant!My boyfriend and I went to Purloo for our anniversary. We chose to sit at the open kitchen bar and had a great time chatting with the chefs. 
The food was amazing! We got an appetizer which was slowly smoked pork ribs with pickled watermelon rind- so good!  Our entrees were the Louisiana seafood boil and the curried goat with lemongrass , bean sprouts and sweet potatoes- all I can say is that they should bottle the sauce!
And dessert, a chocolate marquise with orange peel, candied pecans, sea salt, whipped cream- divine.
If you haven't tried Purloo, you are missing out.I really hope this place is successful as I really support the development of this neighborhood.  I also think it is a cool & different concept to have a nice restaurant like this inside the food and beverage museum.
I will start wit the bad... our service was so awful it was just strange.  The restaurant was more than half empty on a Thursday at 8:30 pm & we opted to sit at the bar.  We had to ask for cocktail menus, we had to ask for food menus (our waiter forgot them- another waiter brought them).  We then had to specifically ask to place our orders.. thank god we were seated at the bar, the chefs handed us our food.  When we placed our order for a bottle of wine before receiving our entree, it was approximately 15 minutes that I waited before walking to the bar myself to ask for our bottle.  It was just sitting there.  The bartender apologized and served us our wine.  Overall, service was a 2 out of 10.  Could have just done away with wait staff and let the chefs take and serve the orders.  Appetizers were fine, but nothing special.  We had the hush puppies and tamale.
Now for the good... As I said, the concept is really cool!  We had a great time chatting with the chefs and watching them prepare our food.  The entrees were excellent! I had the rabbit and I enjoyed that it was a small serving but be aware of that if you eat a lot.  My boyfriend had the short rib which was also excellent!  We had a great Spanish wine that I regularly buy and the price was great.If you are lucky, you will get a seat where you can watch the kitchen work. These guys are very efficient and do wonderful work. The rabbit is particularly tasty.Great little menu with daily "Blue Plate" specials.   Very cool space. Bar area is very nice. Great food at reasonable cost.Great Place! Food was excellent and reasonably priced!
Wait staff and chefs all provided great service! I had their version of a seafood platter and my husband had the short ribs both cooked to perfection.
My husband and I will definitely be back as we would like to try more items on the menu.This place is fab!
I needed a last minute lunch place after my graduation, and this place took my reservation for 12 right away. It seriously seems like a hidden gem, because when we arrived, there was only  one other group there, and you have to go through the museum to get to it. But it's a cool place, still. Brick walls, open kitchen in the middle of the floor. My only qualm was the food took a little time to arrive, mind you there was only 1 cook at the time, and the bathrooms could have used a little clean up. But the food was great, everyone loved what they got - from the OCH sandwich to the boiled peanuts to the red beans and rice to the fried chicken. Their buttermilk lemon dessert pie was so delicious too! Great waitress, Sashe, too.Less than impressed. I understand the place is just starting up, but the delay of 20 minutes for a small bite plate and the overpriced concoction they call a cocktail that was swimming in vermouth, was too much to bear. I would like to give it another try once they get their act together.Not as good as I heard it was. Service and food were just OK... If you only have 8 or so entrees on the menu, they should all be perfectly delicious every time. Steak was over cooked, temperature game's weak...I wanted to like this place, the atmosphere was interesting with the open kitchen.  Service was good, nothing spectacular but the waiter was attentive. We started with a cheese plate which was very good.  We had the two recommendations from the waiter and I have to say both were a disappointment.   The short ribs were overcooked and super tough,  That said the sauce was good, but man that was a lot of chewing.   You would expect short ribs to fall off the bone, and but these did not.  The macaroni side was great but it was a pretty small portion with the meal.   My date had the lamb and oxtail.  The small portions of lamb were mostly fatty and non existent.  She did get quite a bit of speckled butter beans.   We both left disappointed.I went here in June and have been dreading writing this review. I had gathered a group of people because a friend had recommended Purloo and the Yelp reviews were so positive. We were all so excited to go, especially because we hardly ever venture out of Uptown. Unfortunately, we were left completely disappointed. I"m not sure if they just had an off night, but this was one of the worst experiences. We were a party of 8 on a Friday night and the restaurant was pretty empty (only about 4 other groups having dinner).
We made a reservation and were seated quickly. We were given drink menus, but no food menus for a long time. It wasn't until after we ALL ordered drinks that they brought the food menu. To our surprise, the food menu had drink specials on it! That was annoying, to say the least. I started with the Big Payback with house-infused roasted peanut bourbon. It was a trip! Definitely try it if you like peanuts, definitely worth trying at least once.
We had a big group and ordered a variety of things. We had the Southern Board, which was pretty good. I had the short rib, someone at the table also ordered the hanger steak, low country boil, lamb, and three people ordered the drum. All dishes were not very special or even a little off in some ways. 3 people ordered the drum and it was literally like Goldilocks. The size of each drum was noticeable different from plate to plate. 
Twp other service-related faux pas include: 1. We ordered bread, but it didn't come for close to 30 minutes. When we asked about it again, we were told that they don't have any and would have to use frozen bread, which wasn't up to par with the quality of food they like to serve. That's fine, but could have told us sooner. Then, they charged us for the bread. 2. Drink orders came way to late. We ordered a second round of drinks during our appetizers, intending to drink them with our entrees. But we didn't end up getting the drinks until AFTER we finished our entree. We could see our drinks sitting at the bar, waiting to be brought to us, but it would just take forever! 
Overall, Purloo is WAY over priced and over hyped. Perhaps there was a change that made our experience so different from everyone else's. The quality and flavor of the food was average...  and probably below average for what you can get in New Orleans. The portions are good for one serving, but the consistency is poor. And to top it all off, the service is horrendous. Everyone is very nice, but the servers are inattentive and slow. It appears that they have closed now and I am not surprised.Stop right there. This is the best restaurant in New Orleans, by far. The location, the decor, the interior layout, the history, the cuisine, the chef, the servers, and more. 
A relatively new venue, the restaurant is part of a huge old renovated warehouse, in a most interesting way. Very high ceilings, linen curtains, muffle the sound to a comfortable level. The historic bar is about the oldest in the City, rescued from the bottom of the Lake and reassembled true to life. Seating is limited so it feels open and roomy. Every aspect of the design and decor was planned by sole owner/manager/executive chef/line cook Ryan. The kitchen is a shiny stainless component right there in the restaurant, with great venting and no smoke or food orders at all. You are welcome and comfortable in a tux, costume or jeans and t-shirt - most unusual. 
The food is also  extraordinary,  and Chef Ryan has added a particular item or two to every dish with flavors and textures that will surprise you, after you have already swooned over the  terrific entree. Our table of 4 ordered  different appetizers and entrees and shared everything. The food is fresh, light with incredible flavor. We ordered the goat curry, drum, short ribs and  steak. Although we were each delighted with our choices, we regretted not ordering the other guy's dish! Portions were perfect
Deserts are scrumptious. 
Servers are attentive, casual, capable and skilled
A good variety of wines and a full bar complete the menu, with nothing left out.
Finally, for a restaurant of this caliber, the prices are really excellent. For 2 people, shared appetizer, each an entree, a shared dessert and a couple glasses of wine was $50 per head. 
You must go to Purloo. We will, and often.Yes, Purloo is new and may have a few minor kinks to work out, but for just a few weeks in, and after two visits, I'm confident that Chef Ryan and his staff are well on their way to greatness. 
The food is spectacular.  Everything is made from scratch and prepared before your eyes.  The drinks are world-class, thanks to master bartender, Mark.  The service is very good, too.
Purloo is not only the best new restaurant to open in NOLA, so far this year, but far and away, the best thing to happen to this up & coming neighborhood in decades!Purloo describes its menu and style as southern low country cooking, using rice and any meat found in the kitchen.  No rice was spotted on the regular menu or in any of the daily specials.  This was perhaps a clue to some of the disappointment that followed.
A shared appetizer of Cape Hatteras clams was fresh and tasty leading to anticipation of greater things to come.
The short menu offered few choices, but my adventurous dining partner ordered a special of the night, curried goat.  When asked what part of the goat he should expect to find on his plate, the waiter was stumped.  He said this was the first time anyone had asked that question; he had to check with the chef.  The cut was from the "flank part" of the goat and included a bone.  Well the large, strangely-shaped bone took up about half of the shallow bowl in which it was served and there was no dish available to set it aside to gain access to the flank part.  
The bowl was also piled high with cilantro, bean sprouts and garnishments, and then a small loaf of bread was balanced on top of the pile, all of which had to be juggled to get to goat.  Once reached, the meat was full of gristle and crunchy parts, and only about 1/3 of the serving was actually edible.  
It was tender and had an interesting, savory taste, but was too much work getting to the disappointingly-sized portion.  sometimes when presentation is overly-emphasized, the food suffers from lack of attention.
We also had to ask for butter and a plate for the bread, to keep it from being submerged in the liquid at the bottom of the bowl.  No other place to put it while getting through the layers on top.
My hangar steak was good, but unexceptional, and a suitably-sized portion was served and nicely presented.
The service was very uneven.  I know it is a teaching restaurant and we had what appeared to be a slightly experienced waiter, being shadowed by a trainee.  I'm a bit picky about service, but I do cut some slack for trainees.  However, the "shadow" waitress spilled a few drops of gravy when awkwardly placing a dish on the table.  Rather than wiping up the spill immediately, she cautioned us to not dip our sleeves into the puddle. We wiped the table with a napkin and, after asking, we were brought a clean one. Sorry, but this should have been covered in basic training; if you spill something, wipe it up.  Don't ask the diner to bus his or her table.
Cocktails were interesting and atmosphere was nice.  Noise level was refreshingly low in comparison to other "trendy" places, but the restaurant was only about half full.
I kept hoping something would turn this from a mildly disappointing first try into a home run, or at the very least, a double.  that never happened.  Willing to give it another try maybe, but too many other choices to make a return trip any time soon.  Perhaps a stop at the nice bar when next in the neighborhood....
Really wanted to like this place.  The experience and food were not bad, but not great either.  Others apparently have had better experiences.  Hope you do, too.