A cockroach on the floor? Eh, it's the city... I'm not stressing.
A hair in your food? As a man with quite a bit of hair, this happens, I don't worry.
3 hairs in one sandwich? Audio clip of GOB Bluth "C'mon"
One trip with a cockroach on the floor and 3 hairs in a single sandwich: Steer clear.Non de script place in the French Quarter. One stop shopping...po-boys, food, groceries, alcohol, and cigarettes. They pretty much sell everything. The kids and I got a fried shrimp po-boy, shrimp platter, cheesy fries and chicken tenders. All very good.  Hubby had the red beans and rice and crawfish pie. Tasted very authentic. The staff were super welcoming and friendly. We will be back!Great little corner grocery .  Glad it was close by our place.  Had the shrimp po boy few times while I was down in the French quarter.  Best I've ever had.   It's a take out deli only.  The food is perfect.I love places like this. It's so unexpected. Other reviewers mention the fries as being so amazing. Yes they are correct. I really think these are the best fries I've had at any restaurant. They remind me of a much better version of Burger King fries. 
For po' boys, I've only had the fried catfish but it's real good. I only ate half of it because with the fries, it's quite filling. I then had it cold the next day and I was just as happy with it. I had this the first night I was in New Orleans and then again, on one of the last nights I was here. This was the only place we went to twice. It was worth it.After another food filled day in New Orleans, we were on the hunt for another quick, convenient, take out spot where we could find some un-fried food. After looking at reviews on Yelp we learned that the Quarter Grocery & Deli was near us and served what we were looking for. 
We ordered a ham and turkey po boy to split, some potato chips, and salsa. The man preparing the food was very friendly and offered us suggestions of where else to eat while visiting New Orleans. One of the spots he recommended was "Eat" right around the corner from this place and the other was near or in Harrah's that served up oysters in a way that you can't get them anywhere else. I can't remember what it was called which is a bummer, but you could always go back in with that description and ask!
The po boy was prepared quickly and made well. The bread was great, the quality of the meats and cheese were good. He asked what other add-ins we wanted like lettuce, tomato, mayo, mustard, pickles, etc. We got all of those and it made for a great po boy. One was more than enough for us to split. This place is a good stop if you're looking for a quick take out spot where you can pretty much make whatever po boy you want with the ingredients they display on their main menu.This place was highly recommended and actually I had eating here several years prior however today ordered a catfish po boy sandwich ask for onions and was told that it would it have the works lettuce tomato pickles and all the fixings when we brought the sandwich back to our room no pickles no onions disappointed. Was debating whether or not to give this a two star rating or a three will go with the 3 service was good people were friendly but disappointed that we did not get what we ask for. Catfish was good fries were good.This place is a hidden treasure!!! We came out to NOLA for my birthday with my family/friends and we were in a hunt for the best po boy sandwiches!!! We were referred by a local and told us about this spot. It was literally 2 or 3 blocks, walking distance from our hotel (Inn on St. Peter). This is a tiny grocery/convenience store in the upper northeast side of the French Quarter. Its pretty much like a 7/11. The only difference is in the back of the store is their deli. I placed my order and let me tell you, I had a fried shrimp po boy in my hands and red beans and rice and gumbo!!!! 
The  po boy sandwich was sooooOOOoOo good! The shrimp was lightly fried (enough to have a crisp but not heavy enough to make you sleepy), the bread was soft and all the veggies (tomatoes and lettuce) were fresh! The red beans and rice is the best I ever had...I don't think I can look at RBandR the same.  
When I return to NOLA, I will definitely stop by....any chance I get to vacation...this spot is a must! 
Thank you to the local who made sure we got the real taste of New Orleans!!!!What a great find. We're staying at Hotel St Pierre, kitty-corner from the store. Decided to stay in, and get dinner from the deli. 
The crawfish pies were great, the fries were as good as others have commented, and my hot sausage po-boy was great.Delightful little deli.  Their fried shrimp po'boy is excellent!Found this small convenience store close similar to our 7-11 back home where they have your grocery needs for your hotel/Inn stay. They have drinks, water, snacks, etc. It was not the cleanest place but it also had small aisles that will not fit many people. They even had a deli or hot foods stand in the back. The owners were asian and were pretty cool. The lady in front was not all smiles though. haha The man who was making all the food was really busy. All the hot foods were freshly done. Everything decently priced as well as the hot foods if you don't want to go to Bourbon Street or restaurants. 
The shrimp Po boy and warmed up New Orleans Roast Beef sandwiches were good. Their fries were good and crispy. You can also add their Creole seasoning on top for a little spice. I heard their chicken was good so I will try it next time I am around.
This place seems to be known to many locals and other out of town folks. I just missed this place on our way to the Inn as the front doors were all covered with bars.  It was just dark outside that I didn't think it was a grocery store. I barely noticed the 'open' sign outside. I am glad this was close by our place...Great local spot to lunch up for the day or a late night snack.  Poboys under $10 and many other items to choose from.  Everything is to go and packaged well for travel.  Food tastes great, very filling and fresh, for us was always ready in under 5-10 minutes even if it was busy.  Favorites are the catfish poboy and the shrimp poboy.
Grocery items here are priced ok for a small convenience store and they have most of everything.Great food, friendly service and large portions!!!I'm a hole in the wall kind of gal so this was on my radar. My biggest issue was what to order, then some guy called in a catfish poboy fully dressed and gumbo, why not? I ordered, rushed it back to the room, ate, fell in love....the rest is history. YES! Oh, and the guys who work there are really nice. But bring cash if you can help it.I had the red beans and rice and catfish. The red beans and rice were pretty good, although I liked the red beans and rice I had at Zea Rotisserie and Grill better. Zea's red beans were super flavorful and had little chunks of sausage, whereas the Quarter's didn't and didn't have the same bold flavor. 
The catfish was not good. The batter itself tasted very fishy and the pieces were chewy. 
My friend got a catfish Po boy, and they definitely skimped on the toppings. They gave her one tomato slice and one pickle for the whole sandwich. She said the Po boy itself was good though.Baby!!! Let me tell you about this hidden secret!!!! The food is excellent!!!! We were in the area checking on an appointment and this little market was sitting on the corner of Burgundy and Dumaine St. The best keep secret till this day!! The shrimp Poboy is delicious and the chicken wing plate was outstanding!!! If you ever in the area please check them out!!!! Oh the service was super as wellDay 4 of hotel living in the French Quarter-all three credit cards were smoking and our eyes starting to glaze from endless restaurant overload and miles of walking. The idea of standing in line again on Friday night was just too much. Thank heaven for Quarter Grocery! Two po'boys and some Zapp's added to the leftover sandwich from lunch at Praline Connection, and we had us a fine hotel courtyard picnic! The club and roast beef were so good we went back today and got shrimp and Philly cheesesteak. The meats are all good, and the bread is crispy without shattering or cutting your mouth. And they're a bargain-12" long, and all under $8! My friend got a really good double hamburger for less than $5.
The store is in the quietest corner of the Quarter, and it was a relief to walk right up to the counter and order. Not being a local, I can't say how the selection of grocery and household stuff compares to the other stores in the neighborhood, but the staff are friendly and they have a good selection of beverages-boy was I happy to learn I can buy one bottle of Abita (can't do that in KC!) for $2! Now that's culture shock I like!This is a tiny grocery/convenience store in the upper northeast side of the French Quarter. You can get your basic convenient store items (e.g. cigarettes, beer, liquor, mixers, fruit/garnishes for drinks, munchies, all that other stuff that must serve a purpose, but is not relevant to drinking...), as well as get some pretty amazing food! In the back of the store is their deli, where they had  2 pretty hilarious guys making po boy sandwiches! I wasn't planning to get any food, but the guys struck up a conversation and before I knew it, I had a fried shrimp po boy on my hands and a promise that I would come back and see them later. 
...the things I get myself into...
Well, the food was amazing! Seriously! It was my first time trying a fried shrimp po boy, and I was a very happy foodie! The shrimp was lightly fried (enough to have a crisp coating, but not heavy enough to weigh you down), the bread was fluffy, and all the veggies (tomatoes and lettuce) were surprisingly fresh! The humor of the deli guys in the combination of a stellar sandwich made the entire experience amaze-balls! Deli guys, you're right, I'm coming back later this week!Yep, quite possibly the best fries ever. In addition, the prices for liquor are completely reasonable and they even cut up the limes we bought there for drink making!  If your staying at The Hotel St. Pierre, or in the north part of the quarter, this is a perfect stop for a snack, bottled water, alcohol or sundries.Best service (Thomas) and amazing selection never mind the phenomenal Poboys and Cajun grub. We enjoyed the red beans and rice, meat pies, crawfish pies and THE BEST FRENCH FRIES on the planet over our four day visit for Wrestlemania. In fact we went to Quarter Grocery for all meals safe for two over the trip. 
A must try if you're in the French Quarter and on a budget or pressed for time.MUST. TRY. 
Yes, it's a grocery store with a kitchen that makes po' boys. I've had tons of po boys, and this place is my favorite. We ended up getting the smoked sausage, chicken tender and shrimp po boy. WORTH IT. Best sausage Lo boy I've EVER had. 
The prices are under $10. They sell tons of other stuff too. Definitely going back. It's a bit hidden and far from the main bourbon street area though. That was the only downside.That damn poboy for the price was awesome. If you're staying I t eh French quarter there is no better place to stop by and load up on beer and any other things you might need to survive. It looks closed but it's not!the place I always stop to get my Hubig's fix.  The deli in the back is great for a sandwich or decent red beans and rice when you want something quick.Let me preface this review by saying that if I were to rank my 5 favorite foods in this world, sandwiches would be a solid 2 on my list. With that said, the Po Boy (New Orleans' famous sandwich made with french bread and various fillings such as battered shrimp, roast beef, or oysters) is a prince amongst sandwiches.
I have tried many Po Boys, including Johnny's famous special (roast beef, ham, American and Swiss), and none can compare to the delight that is Quarter Grocery. It's a humble family-owned store and off the beaten path, but don't let this gem get lost among the noise and glitz that is New Orleans' French Quarter. 
My personal favorite here is the Shrimp Po Boy --dressed (mayonnaise, lettuce and tomatoes) of course.  You can request pickles, hot sauce and ketchup with it, which makes it even tastier.  The shrimp is crispy golden fried and the bread is delightfully fresh; toothsome, crisp, chewy. All the qualities that a superior Po Boy should have.
You can even call them ahead of time and pick it up when you're ready.
I highly recommend the Quarter Grocery and love going to them every time I am town. Five stars!This place is unheard of in the French quarter. There are so many places to eat at in this area. But I wanted something small with very little hype. I'm glad we found this small place. They have great po boys. I recommended you order the fried shrimp.A good place if you're not into spending a lot of money.  I always get the BLT with extra mayonnaise and add pickles. And the French fries are the best ever.This place is a hidden jem. The service is always great and the food is very reasonable and tasty.This place was Godsent! After driving for over 9 hours from Dallas in the pouring rain we were starving and looking forward to some great food. Unfortunately the weather didn't cooperate so we couldn't really head out to a restaurant. This Deli is near our hotel and my husband was able get Po Boys, crawfish pies, and grilled cheeses for the kids. Everything was delicious! Also a bonus that you can get beer, wine, and snacks there.Maybe this is common in New Orleans but I was surprised to find that this little neighborhood grocery has very good sandwiches.  It's usefully close to the Best Western Landmark, and the have the usual little grocery stuff that you might need if you're staying in a hotel and flew in.The Quarter Grocery is a favorite when visiting New Orleans.  Great Po'boys, Red Beans and Gumbo, plenty of cold beer, wine and supplies. Cindy and Tom treat us like family every visit.We wanted to pick up a bottle of wine to take to dinner and this store was strategically located near our hotel (Hotel St. Pierre http://www.yelp.com/biz/hotel-st-pierre-new-orleans-2) and on the way to the restaurant du jour (Eat http://www.yelp.com/biz/eat-new-orleans). They have a nice selection of wines available at reasonable prices.
We didn't get any food here during our visit but it would be a good place to pick up snacks or a quick meal.I used to come here 3-5 times a week, moved to a different part of the quarter and then kinda forgot about the Quarter Grocery.  Now, I am back within close vicinity of this French Quarter gem!  You will not find a better po-boy - maybe just as good, but not better!  Same can be said of the fries (yes, fries - crispy outside, hot mash inside) and the red beans and rice (not even a big fan of beans) are a constant craving!  The family that owns it is always so nice and the prices are great!  Also, beer, grocery items and more!  Check them out!  Call ahead for pickup!Amazing deli! Just moved into the neighborhood and had my first meal here - red beans and rice w/sausage and catfish. Sooooo good! Also ordered the crawfish pie which is AWESOME! Friendly quick service and very reasonable prices. These people will be seeing me very often. I highly recommend!This is my favorite place to get food to go in the French quarter and my absolute favorite gumbo!This place around the corner from our hotel made some really good po boys. I had both the chicken tender and the fried shrimp po boy and they were both really good because the bread was fresh and quality. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is in the French Quarter of New Orleans.Sometimes, cheap hole-in-the-wall places gives you the best local food! My God the  red beans and rice was so good! And the gumbo and po boys and amazing fries and and.... Yes, a little hole in the wall and yet, cheap very good food. What else can I say? Sometimes gems are there hiding right in front you. It's around the corner from our hotel and we picked up food because we were tired and didnt want to go anywhere out to eat. Lucky us! Best food New Orleans food ever. Who knew?!Yes please. Tomas, the other tomas and everybody is on point. I come here every day and I keep loving it. Thank you!Did not disappoint!  Steady stream of custlomers and we now know why.  Catfish...excellent, redbeans n rice...excellent, french fries...excellent, my friend had blt poor boy and said it was...you guessed it, excellent!.   They were closing up when we came in, but were super nice and took care of us.Love the guy at the counter. Very funny and definitely has the best customer service ever! My boyfriend and I loved going in for liquor runs through the day and whole entire stay!I ate here several times during a recent visit. Shrimp po boy, gumbo, egg rolls all very tasty. Nice beer selection too boot.Love me some Quarter Grocery...quaint local store but the hidden gem is the grill in the back! (11am-9pm). Now I've been coming to NOLA several times throughout the year for YEARS! All I can say is I wish they opened earlier and stayed open later when I'm there (hahaha Bak is going to kill me). 
They have an extensive menu and I've been going here for years! Can't begin to tell you how much I love their food. Now I've not tried everything but what I have has been FREAKEN FANTASTIC! 
PoBoy's - chicken tender, hot link, hamburger, bacon cheese burger, french fry and roast beef.
Plates(w/fries DON'T forget their fries YUMMM!) - chicken tender, chicken wings, red beans & rice, hot links.
Their food is not made until you order it! So it's served PIPING HOT! can't wait to get back during Easter to make my visit! Quarter Grocery...I'll be seeing you guys soon!This is a gem of a sandwich shop. They have all the poboys at great, non-FQ prices. Friendly service, family owned, and fast! People who live and work in the quarter eat here often. Try adding bacon to any sandwich, because they really pile it on. The Ultimate Club is a delicious meat bomb.Typical hole in the wall convenience store and deli.  I'm sure the food is great, but we never got a chance to try it.  One of our tours at the French Quarter stopped by here so we could restock on drinks.  Out of the six of us in the tour, I was the only one who walked inside.
I grabbed a couple of bottles of water and bottles of Coke.  They were typically pricier than I could have found them elsewhere.  I paid and got out in quick order.  The cashier was friendly.  No complaints.I should not be reviewing this place. It is far too great a secret. When I am asleep, and perchance a sandwich manifests in my somnambulant conception, this is the realization of that dreamwich. There is no sandwich: the eating of this harmony of bread and lettuce and catfish and tomato and...rapture makes an absence where other sandwiches attempt to sate. It is as though when one eats a sandwich not of this palace of sandwitchery, one has eaten precisely negative one sandwich. 
The red beans and rice is also dope.The best po boys we had in New Orleans! Can't go wrong with the shrimp or beef ones and then I had the shrimp creole and it was TDF! Best pricing too! We were ordering for 9 and it didn't break the bank like some of the other places we tried. Highly recommend you hit this place while in the French Quarter!Looking at the outside we were hesitant  to go inside for some po-boys but I'm sure glad we did. The sandwich was loaded with beautifully cooked and flavored shrimp. I actually had shrimp in every bite. This ranks up there with one of the best po/boys I've ever had.This is the hidden jewel of the French Quarter!! Little hole in the wall market with the best deli in the back. Best gumbo in town and a Crawfish meat pies the make you smack your mamma! Oh and the Poboys are banging.Ok. Sooo SKETCHY place. Wouldn't walk here at night. Had second thoughts half way there but walked too far to turn back plus I heard their po boy was to die for. ONWARD.....
Back to sketchy. Nothing nice abt the neighborhood. Bars in stores windows. Beat up buildings. Smelled like.... ??? Opened the door. Still scared..... back to the deli. Guy was really nice. Ordered shrimp po boy. REALLY BIG. $9.49. Bought a soda, and hit the road again. More sketchiness now add in homeless and people talking to themselves. Actually really sad... back to hotel. PHEW! Opened the sandwich. It was really good. Now this was my first po  boy, so I really have nothing to base it on. It was freshly made bread which was crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside, handfuls of fried shrimp, lettuce tomato pickles and there might or might not have been mayonnaise LOL. I did tell him to leave the hot sauce off because I wasn't quite sure about that. I actually thought it was pretty good. Once you get past the neighborhood and get your food, everything is just great! I would try it, but go with a friend!My family and I love Quarter Grocery.  It is the perfect place with friendly smiles and the best food in New Orleans.  The food is always hot, fresh, and delicious. 
The chicken wings and shrimp po-boys are out of this world!  So many menu items to choose from and wide variety drinks, snacks, and groceries with the best prices in town.  You will always look forward to returning to Quarter Grocery to satisfy your hunger.Just had the catfish poboy fully dressed from this place.   The catfish is light and crispy, well seasoned and hot.  Although a bit too salty.  French bread is super fresh, light, crusty and soft in the inside.  They make better Po-Boys than the  other places where you get your poboys too fast.  They take their time and fry the fish freshThis place has just about everything you could need and is much more fun than a CVS. I came in here and got shrimp poboys for my crew - easily the best we've ever had (maybe Parkway?) and the 12" is really huge and busting with shrimp. Plenty of beer/liquor options, chips, pharmacy stuff and the folks are friendly.
You can walk a block north and hit Louis Armstrong Park/Congo Square for a bench (no tables tho) and enjoy a break from the quarter.Great little hole in the wall serving up tasty New Orleans fried shrimp poboys! I stopped by this little shop leaving New Orleans and was not disappointed. I ordered the 12 inch fried shrimp poboy, which was loaded with delicious fried shrimp and fresh lettuce and tomatoes on warm bread.If you get the fried catfish or the  poboys at this establishment you are doing yourself a "solid".  
Their fried food ratio: 2/3 meat ratio to the 1/3 crust. (This ratio is used to perfect the norms for fried food.)
Stopped by here just to try their poboys and if I had to rate it, I'd rate it a 11/10.It is extremely unassuming from the street, but inside what looks like a sketchy liquor store is a sandwich counter where they make some fresh nice-looking sandwiches. 
They aren't as nice as they look, though. Our po-boys were inadequately crunchy and bland; it didn't help that they forgot the pickles we asked for. We ate half of our order because we were hungry and on the move, but tossed out the other half.A neighborhood grocery deli that also caters to visitors clean and convenient they have good sandwiches most local favorites and are famous for their French fries friendly and efficient owner operator runs a tight shipDon't be discouraged by the sketchy/ratchet look upon first glance... This place is truly a hidden gem in NOLA! Delicious cheap food meets convenience store in this corner deli! The grocery part of the store had everything you could possibly need: from medicine,snacks, sandwich bread, cosmetics, gelato to any and all alcohol! (Literally all alcohol: Crown royal, Hennessy, ice coolers, vodka, margaritas, etc.. all you can imagine!) The deli part was the best part. The service was quick and pleasant. He gave us a recommendation to try the fried shrimp po' boy and we did and loved it! These were the cheapest po boy's in the entire French Quarter area and the taste and quality did not disappoint. There was a great amount of fried shrimp that was good quality and cooked to perfection! Despite being fried, it wasn't greasy at all. The veggies and condiments (tomato, lettuce, mayo) added a great flavor, but if you don't want either of them you can easily ask him to leave something off! The size was amazing, especially for the price! You can ask to get it cut in half and either share it among 2 people or save half for a second meal for later. The only con was that they did not have seating and we had or order to go. I'm so glad we stopped by this place and I would recommend to anyone!Ok, we came here the most during our trip for Po Boys.  The Shrimp is delicious, the ham was tasty & turkey was good.  The egg rolls are tasty & friendly service & patrons. Great bang for your buck with a lot of options.  EnjoyThis was my go to place while staying in the French Quarter. Had my first muffuletta and my first po-boy here. The store had everything I needed for a rare night in or an inexpensive meal. The staff were friendly, although again smiles wouldn't go astray and the lady on the register always asked how I was (with a smile) and was very patient when I had trouble dealing with U.S currency. The fact that it was right around the corner from my hotel was a huge plus.Deducting 1 star for cleanliness, I mean Clorox once in a while.
But the poboys are richboys. That fried catfish is unbeatable!!! I'm do happy I drink alcohol cause that's how we found this place back in 2006 or something, now every time we come it is out 1st place on the list. Still looking to find a poboy this excellent in Chicago.
Thanks Quarter Grocery for combining alcoholski with foodski.The prices are reasonable for a convenience shop. Good sandwiches. Other reviewers found the neighborhood "sketchy"- they must live in candy land because this location is an awesome historic neighborhood.It's not a place you can sit down and eat. But the food was good. There's a little bit of a language barrier. But if  you want something good and fast and you're walking around this is the place to go.Randomly found this deli while trying to find a place to eat that was open at 8pm on a Saturday. I walked in and was overwhelmed by all the options. I didn't know what po boy to order, especially since I already had fried food for lunch. The guy behind the counter and the other guy (who I assume was his son) were both super patient with me. I asked what they recommended (something not fried) and they suggested the New Orleans roast beef po boy. 
After waiting a few minutes, I received my sandwich and it was so big considering the price for it. When I went to pay for it at the cashier, the son threw in a crawfish pie on the house. 
The crawfish pie looks like an empanada and was warm and super delicious. I totally would come back to pay for another one. The po boy was stuffed with lettuce, tomatoes, and roast beef and was very flavorful...so good!Quarter Grocery: We still have yet to truly get to know each other, but so far you are doing just fine. 
Beer/Overpriced Cheap Wine/Liquor - check.
Adequate po-boy - check (I've only tried the shrimp so far, and it was a little slim on the shrimps, but for a couple bucks less than elsewhere in the quarter I won't complain.)
Cat food - check......
Kitchen closes at 9, the rest 10pm fyi.This place is amazing!  I was a little skeptical because it's in the back of a corner store, but boy am I glad that I tried it.....   the red beans and rice are to die for, and the shrimp po-boy does not disappoint! If you are around this place is a must tryBTW Deli closes at 9pm! The store closes at 10pm so don't roll in there like me for a sandwich at 9:30pm.
This is a great little spot. Even though their customer service is sub par....Cest La Vie!!What ?! I should have ordered the sandwich not the po boy, but I did love my fried shrimp extravaganza sans tomato.  Walked over to Louis Armstrong park and ate half, gave the other half away, yum frickin yum!I come from the land of bodegas all over the place, with most serving surprisingly good food. Quarter Grocery & Deli is just like the bodegas I frequent at home. Stocked with essentials, beer, soft drinks, and a deli counter in the back. I've found that the best po'boys in NOLA come from these hole in the wall spots (my first ever was from a gas station and it was delicious). 
We had already come here to grab a few quick items but finally decided to grab their infamous po'boy on a rainy day. It was delicious...And huge! It was my boyfriend's first po'boy ever and I'm glad it was this one. It was also only around $9, for something that provided two meals for each of us. 
They accept all major credit cards and I believe there may be an ATM inside, as well. They are not open 24 hours but close at 10PM so if you're before then you're fine.Great place for your needs. I needed to pick up maxi pads in the French Quarter at 9 pm....? I walked in here to check it out and found them on their miscellaneous aisle. I even picked up some wine while I was there. Score!!Very unassuming deli but don't let that fool you.  This is the real deal!  Muffalata was unreal!!  Turkey Po Boy was good as well.  Only thing that was really gross was the sandwich maker was coughing behind the deli counter.  It was pretty nasty.  You can't be doing that if you're making people's food.  Its unsanitary. 5 stars for the food and 1 star for that dude's hygiene.Everything is amazing! This is our fave spot since we live a few blocks away it's perfect for a quick lunch or dinner. Our faves are the fried shrimp po-boy, Philly cheesesteak, fries, and gumbo.Honestly we enjoyed this place. The Asian guy running it was funny and kind. We got shrimp po-boys there twice .Unassuming neighborhood grocery and deli,  small but have some interesting things and great prices. Just moved back to that area and was happy to see the sandwiches were still large and good.  Got the 12 wings for the first time and couldn't finish it all because pieces are big, made great snack later. It's an old business in a very old building but it's clean and well organized and staff is friendly.The true meaning of hole in the wall with good food. Their PO boys are fantastic!  Worth a stop when you're sick of the over priced tourist crap all around town. A very small space to order but it's good for taking over to Armstrong park and maybe a little picnic. Just avoid the Heroin needles in the grass. I'm not jokingVisiting New Orleans and got introduce to this store. The place is amazing. The sandwiches are unreal. And what can I say about there Gumbo, it's delicious. The service is amazing. Love it!!!i heard good things about this place so i had to stop in. i ordered a 12" shrimp po-boy, chicken && sausage gumbo, and a crawfish pie. The po-boy was my favorite! Bread was perfect (crispy outside and soft inside), shrimp was fresh tasting and breaded lightly, dressed w/ mayo, lettuce, tomato and hot sauce. Not to mention, it was huge! Had half of it for leftovers. Tasted even better a few hours later. I didn't want it to end.
On to the gumbo, just the right amount of spice. However, way too much sausage for my liking. The dog enjoyed a few pieces. Lol Great flavor nonetheless. Very comforting.
Lastly, the crawfish pie. I don't even eat crawfish but this pie was bussin! I wish i had gotten two!
All in all, you're getting a bang for your buck!!! Definitely a hidden gem near the French Quarter. Highly recommended.Nola is known for its great restaurants, true . . . but chopping about the French Quarter it's difficult to find anything that isn't, basically, a tourist trap. Not that the food isn't good at, say Arnauds or The Court of the Two Sisters or Brennans, but the prices scream that these places are here to suck the dollars out of tourist wallets. 
Even the once funky places along Frenchman Street are gettin' a little upity. 
Keep downgrading, downgrading . . . and still: I think $9 is too much to pay for an oyster po-boy. 
So, this trip I found a good alternative: the Quarter Grocery. There's a sandwich counter in the back where you can get a decent meal and a decent deal. I can only speak of one item: the fried catfish sandwich on a bun, dressed. MMMMMmmmm mmm mmmmm. It had my tongue so happy I thought it would slap my brains right out of my head. Fresh, fat and hot, it came in at about $4.50. I also had a crayfish pie, but it was unremarkable next to that wonderful sandwich. 
I picked it up and walked down by the river to eat it and it was still nice and hot when I got there, so the heavy paper they wrap stuff in works really good. 
I realize there are half a dozen little groceries in the FQ and I'll bet this is not the only one with a lunch counter. Next trip I'm gonna sample them all.Food was great - the cashier was annoying. I wish the cashier would just shut up. I would rate the food 4.5 star but the cashier was so annoying that I have to reduce the rating.This place is awesome.  Went in there on 9/2/19 after the kitchen was closed.  Most everyone was closing early after a holiday weekend.  The three of us were so hungry.  The guy in the back, super nice guy said, I can make you a cold cut type poboy.  This was after he had cleaned up and was ready to leave.  This is what I call service.  Sandwiches were awesome.  Great way to end my vacation.  Thank you sir for going above and beyond.  And thanks for putting up with our loudness, to many drinks that night.  Will definitely be back to this staple in the quarter.Super yummy food there! Especially all the baked desserts like the King cake bread pudding when it's the season. Their gumbo is usually on pointe and their sandwiches are always perfect. But let me tell you about the fries! They are the perfect fry size there ever was. If Yelp could rate six stars, I would gobble up their fries while adding another star to this review. As a matter of fact, the only reason someone might have given this place a one star review is that they were drunk on quartermaster fries and trying to add a sixth star. Keep up the great work, quartermaster! And oh yeah - great remodel! Can wait til the doors are all finished!Love this little corner grocery store. The staff is super friendly. Good poboys and sandwiches. It's super convenient to have this store just a couple of blocks away when I'm hungry it need something without having to go to a large grocery store.I have had poboys from all the ranked restaurants & deli groceries, I live here.  The catfish poboy is as good and better than 95% of at I've eaten.  The bread is perfect, the fried fish is crunchy & FRESH, its dressed well. It's huge, only $9+ including tax. Much better than others costing $12 to $15!!! Must get this!!! I'm going to try other foods here, amazing gem!