After a bad run in with some food on Bourbon St. A friend told me about this cozy place. The atmosphere is very welcoming, accompanied with a in house DJ. The food was amazing, and the prices are beyond reasonable. I opted for the gumbo, and it felt like angels were dancing on my tongue. Niecey is very sweet! Thanks for the love NO!The owners, Tammy and Ray are incredibly gracious and proud of making people satisfied with their delicious food. I stumbled into the place on the off chance they were open which they were.  I had their signature dish which was grilled shrimp and catfish.  Generous portions and unique flavor at a rock bottom price.Ray absolutely put his entire foot into every single dish he prepares! The cost of the food is incomparable to the amount and quality of food served! 
Unfortunately, there seems to only be street parking available on a fairly busy intersection. We visited during early opening hours on a weekend when there were not very many patrons and there was only one server (even though he was really good), so it took a while for him to help everyone and Ray seemed to be the only person in the kitchen; which is great for quality of meal, not so much from a timing stand point. So you may not want to visit if you're on a time schedule but it is worth the wait! Will be back!Food was pretty good. Everything else was rough.  Stood at the counter for 10 minutes before the cashier took my order. Made awkward eye contact with her about a dozen times while she drank beer socializing with the other employee. It was another 35 minutes before I got the food. Didn't get any napkins. No soap or paper towels in restroom. Music way too loud. Added bonus: an old drunk lady spilled beer on me and said "move whitey". Lolz never againI did not like there one day it is good then the next day it is,nasty and they always get your food order wrongOmg the soul food here! There were three of us and we split the Special,  which is basically like all the amazing fried things (fried chicken, fried shrimp, fried catfish, hushpuppies) all on buttered delicious toast (and I'm not even a fan of toast!  I'm blaming the butter :-); the red beans and rice which was too die fir; and the salad with popcorn chicken.  Needless to say,  we were all stuffed AND we had leftovers!! Had a very homey, family like atmosphere (even armchairs). Def would go backIt was like eating food out of your moms kitchen.  Took me back to days in Mississippi seeing the old men hanging on the stoop enjoying each other fellowship.  This place was full of regulars which is a good sign. I got the catfish treme very tasty could have had a little more  haha.  My husband got the gator sausage and red beans and rice that also came with a scoop of potato salad.  Red beans had a great flavor as did the sausage.  The potato salad was so good I wish I had gotten that instead of the small side salad.We had dinner here last night, needing a hit of Cajun/Creole before leaving town. And were we ever glad!  Fantastic gumbo, red beans and rice and shrimp etouffe.  I had the red beans with Cajun sausage that was grilled - one of the tastiest bites in a weekend full of tasty bites. This is a modest place with super warm service.  No liquor but there is a store next door where we bought some beer to go with dinner. And $27 for three people.  Will definitely go back!This place is amazing. Was very impressed with the food and the service was very friendly and attentive. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good home cooking with original  new orleans style.Me and my 6 friends were excited to try this location because it had really good reviews on Google/Yelp. When we first walked in, the waitresses seemed confused that we walked in, which was strange to me. The ambiance was really cozy but they only had 3 menu's in the entire restaurant.
The prices of their entrees and sides are really affordable, but we had to wait over 30 minutes for our food with no updates or check ins from the waitress. Sadly, we were very disappointed with our food. The red beans and mashed potatoes were very cold and tasted like they just came out of the refrigerator. The salad was only a small bit of dry greens on the side of the plate. The only meal that was satisfying was the shrimp etouffee. 
Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone because the food was cold and not very tasty and the customer service was lacking.The Soul Platter was absolutely awesome and so much food that I had to quit eating. My girlfriend had the grilled shrimp po boy and she loved it too. Everyone was very nice and the service was great. It was kind of hard to tell it was open when we pulled up. They need a neon open sign. We parked under the bridge right across the street.Where to start with this place. It is a biker bar, but man they make you feel welcome. The Gator Po boy is out of this world. My wife had catfish. Wow, best food we have had. I am Latino and my wife is Vietnamese, we saw all these white tourist run out of here like they were in the wrong place. AA here are the nicest down to earth people. Good folks as they say in the south. You want good food, cold beer and a few laughs. This is the place. Never mind your pre conceived ideas about race. You are just another customer.i really wanted to love this place, but unfortunately i can't give it a good review. the service was friendly enough, but it was run down and the food wasn't great. they had no bread for po'boys, were out of alligator sausage, and served us over-salted red beans and runny gumbo.It took over an hour and a half to get our food and the order was wrong. I won't go into further detail but it was BAD. Our experience was really bad.
I'm not quite sure I understand why this place has such high ratings -- which was the reason that brought us here in the first place. It seems more like it would be a decent place to watch a sports game and listen to some music and the DJ was pretty good. But...
I would NOT recommend this place for food at all.The food was excellent and the place authentic. The staff was friendly. My only complaint was the flies. They were everywhere and constantly getting into our hair and the food. The staff placed a fan near us but that didn't help a bit.AMAZING FOOD!! We went in close to closing and were one of a few patrons. I ordered the New Orleans favorite of shrimp etouffe and fried chicken wings, and OMG--it was  fantastic! The wings were crispy fried and hot. Chicken was juicy and perfect. The shrimp ettouffe was over a bed of rice and the creamy sauce was out of this world!  My hubby ordered Rays World Famous Soul Platter which has fried catfish, fried shrimp, fried chicken wings, fries and hush puppies. It's a giant plate of food. And the fish and shrimp were outstanding in flavor and freshness! 
The service was great and the place was friendly. We will be back for their lunch specials and dinner.Absolutely amazing food. We wanted to avoid crowds and over priced tourist traps and experience authentic NOLA food. So glad we did. Amazing Cajun soul food at great prices. Will be back.Slow, but we came at off hours. Good shrimp and hot sausage po-boys. No AC, and five TVs all on at once in a pretty small place.Catfish & shrimp was awesome but the menu was only limited to a few items as they ran out of food . Called after the holidays and the menu was even smaller. Wish I could have went back but vacation was overDo not let the exterior fool you! Totally amazing food and prices! Food was piping hot! Food was well seasoned and overall tasty! Clean space. Great portions! Go go go!! Fill up the place!! The owner, Ray, was very personable!! This place is truly a hidden jewel!!My husband and I were visiting from California and our lyft driver told us about this place so we decided to try it. The food was so good that he made sure we ate there everyday until we left and then took some back to California with us. Our first day my husband ordered the Soul Platter and fruit punch and I ordered the gumbo and lemonade it was delicious. Our waitress was the best wish I would have remembered her name. They were playing soul train with Marivn Gay. The whole grove of the spot was perfect, not super fancy just a chill spot with a good feeling and bomb food. The fish was my favorite it was perfect so on our second visit I ordered it again so did my husband with red beans and rice that tasted like heaven. I ate some of his and ordered some for myself to go. It was a Saturday night and they had a live Dj.  On our third and final visit we ordered the soul platter, etouffee, shrimp creole, and jambalaya, which we brought back to Cali It was great! Our flight was Sunday at 2:25pm Rays opened at 12:00pm he insisted we go to airport check in our luggage at 11:00am go back to Rays for 12pm Order take out and then head back to the airport. And that just what we did. We have been home 5days and everyday he say "man I need some Ray's" LoL definitely the best food we had in New Orleans.Yah we ate there once and it was great. The second time not so good.....the place says it closes at 11.  We arrived at 1030. Owner ray said nope shut down. At 1030???  I said its shut down.  Why not have the chef cook something for the patron that relied on you for food. No dinner this evening because of this owner.Red beans and Rice went hard! So delish! Yum! It was me and 5 friends with a bucket of beers!Fresh, delicious seafood. Speaks for itself. The fried catfish is my favorite, and red beans is a very close second. Be prepared for a wait, it's made to order and always super fresh!This place is amazing. Best shrimp po boy I've had, red beans and rice are insane, the owners are the freakin bomb and I kind of just want them to adopt me and so that I can live here forever.Pretty good neighborhood spot. Food is good and there is a DJ. Not fancy but the food is good, the music is good and the atmosphere is good.Went here when I was on vacation in New Orleans, and Ray's is a little hole in the wall place on the corner, hard to find at first. Upon walking in, the atmosphere was underwhelming and I was wondering if we were in the right place. We sat down and I ordered the fried catfish sandwich with French fries. It took a little while to get our food as there was only one chef in the kitchen. Once we got it, I was pleased with the toppings on the sandwich (Lettuce Tomato Pickle). The bread was slightly tough due to being toasted and the sandwich was hard to fit in my mouth all at once, however, it was extremely tasty and the catfish was fried to perfectoon. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who is close and doesn't really care about the ambience of a place.Amazing soul food, especially fried catfish and red beans and rice. Great service and had live music as well. We will be back next time we're in town!We found Ray's en route to the Living Museum. The museum was closed when we arrived, but we were glad to have made the drive, if only to eat at Ray's on The Ave. We were hungry tourists (in town for Jazz Fest) and had six teenagers and a five year old in tow. Tables were immediately pushed together to accommodate our family, and we felt very welcome. We were there for lunch, which is probably a good thing.  My guess is that late night dinner is probably better for adults than five year olds- especially when there is music being played. I suspect many a good time has taken place at Ray's. For us, lunch was perfect- casual and plentiful. Extremely well priced, quality food. We demolished a few Soul Food Plates and Seafood Platters, and hot wings. I preferred the blackened seafood (perfectly seasoned) over fried, but the kids loved the fried fish and shrimp. The hush puppies were some of the best I have ever eaten. My son ordered the alligator sausage, and loved it. It was his first time eating alligator, so I am happy that Ray's made it a good one. The waitstaff was attentive and service was quick- quite an accomplishment for the amount of food we ordered. We will definitely return when our travels take us back to NOLA.Very nice, intimate, chill spot not far from the house. Service is excellent. Staff is friendly and food is great!. The Soul Platter so far is my fave. Very Reasonable price and you get a little of everything so it's HUGE. First time here was last week, already been back 3 times. Will take pics next time instead of gobbling it upThis place was great! Everyone was so pleasant and we were all veg please with the quality of service.Best food I've had in NOLA! My friend and I shared the Catfish Treme Special and Gumbo and they were both amazing! Besides the food everyone there was super friendly and welcoming! It was Thursday and they had the game on- which I love! Very simple and cozy inside! I'd recommend Rays to everyone for authentic homemade New Orleans food!The price is right and the food is good!! Ray's On The Ave offers you a real piece of Creole New Orleans food!! Please take the time to eat and support this true New Orleans restaurant.Friday night Oysters are amazing! But you'll probably have to ask what's going on and how to get them. Good amount of food for the price, but my fries were cold and or old. Definitely signs of wear & tear on the place.Delicious 'home cooked' food by owners - Ray & Tammy. Slightly out of town, but if you have your own transport, definitely worth a try if you want to taste some cajun and creole food.  The neighborhood could be a bit quiet/slightly rough, but the friendly atmosphere once you step in makes up for all the concerns/worries you may have.
Very affordable and very delicious.  This is no fine-dinning ... just down to earth good food.
Will definitely recommend it to all.My first time at this restaurant . Someone on IG said to
Try it out so I did. A nice place! The staff made us feel welcome and they play live music as well. I had shrimp over blackened cat fish!! I would come back here for sureCool looking place, but very basic food and extremely slow service. 
.............................................................................Since it wont let me delete my review I'll just let you know that this rating means nothing. They are closed and I can't try them this weekPains me to have to give such a low rating to an establishment that has had so many great reviews, but in the interest of keeping YELP as objective as possible, I must. Arrived Nawlins Friday afternoon and went to Rays at about 5:00. Upon entering, the interior was plenty clean, but the music was so loud we asked to be seated outside between the Restaurant and Barnard St. Unfortunately, there was a birthday party going on with outside music, and it was almost equally as loud. And, lots of liquor being consumed out there.
Let me be honest here. We were the only caucasians there and that was absolutely fine. The staff could not have been anymore welcoming and friendly, especially our server, Missy. What got my two female companions a bit nervous were the gestures toward us by several of the passing cars. Let me say again, though, that we did not be made to feel uncomfortable at all by staff or patrons, but given the gestures by passing cars, we opted to order our food to go.
Now for the food. One order grilled shrimp. One order blackened catfish. One order shrimp etouffe. All three orders were very high in sodium to the point that none of us finished our dishes.  Additionally,  the order ended up being wrong as French fries were given instead of potato salad, and no hush puppies were included. Not at all what we expected.
So, our two stars was for the helpful nature of the staff but we cannot recommend the food with so many other good options in New Orleans.Came to this restaurant as a visitor in the area, everyone was super nice when we came in but it went sour as it took over an hour for our food. Several persons that came after us received their food first. Service continued to roll downwards from there.Delicious! So glad we chose Ray's for dinner. I had the shrimp etouffe and fried catfish, my husband had the shrimp creole. Both were fantastic! 
We were staying at an Airbnb in the neighborhood, trying to stay out of the French Quarter because it was the NBA allStars and Mardi Gras parades at the same time. This was a perfect place to enjoy great food without all the tourists. Very friendly staff and comfortable atmosphere. Next time we're in town we'll be back at Ray'sSooooooooo good and so affordable! The lunch specials are all so good. The employees are friendly and I like the homey vibe of the restaurant. Tastes like how every Black woman in my family cooks. The fried fish platter is great and you have to try the pasta. Gosh, I hope yt ppl don't ruin this for me.This place has amazing food and fun, colorful regulars.
I really love Ray, his wife and his daughter.
Unlike a lot of small seafood counters in New Orleans, you can opt for blackened rather than battered and deep fried.
It furniture is different.
The prices are great.
You really should check it out on a weekend night.I was blown away yesterday by the food.  It is, hands down/bar none, the BEST CATFISH I have ever eaten:  I chose to have it grilled and it melted in my mouth.  I could have eaten 4 portions of it (though don't let that fool you:  I had a combo of catfish and grilled shrimp and a fresh salad.  EVERYTHING was delicious and the portions were more than generous) ... but I just had to say it's truly the best catfish ever.  
The owners are gracious and friendly and the atmosphere is very down home and welcoming.  I imagine you couldn't pick a dish here that wouldn't be outstanding and am so glad it's literally on my way to or from home from just about anywhere I go.  I am already looking forward to discovering breakfast ($2?!?  WHAT?!?).  It is THE place to go if you are anywhere near Rampart/St. Claude and St. Bernard Ave. --- or even if you aren't.  I would drive from just about anywhere for this food!  Thank you, Ray for opening up this little slice of heaven!Very affordable and absolutely delicious! Breaking is light and fluffy. Shrimp and catfish were cooked to perfection. The sweet tea has a wonderful citrus twist.Nice mom and pop spot. Kid friendly during the day. Adult atmosphere at night. Stop by and see for yourselfFrom the look mix of visitors to this place, you know you're in for something promising. A feel of soul fills this place and the food.
When we went, there was a DJ spinning a variety of 70s, 80s and 90s music. There's a set up for a live music on some nights.
The food... was excellent. This is going to be a regular spot for me whenever I'm in town.The reviews are pretty spot on actually...the food is decent and the atmosphere/people are very inviting...but it takes an insane amount of time to get served and the prices seem higher than they used to be for less food.  And now they've got a waiter so you have to tip at a lunch counter?  I gave it 4 stars because the lunch is a 3 and the breakfast is 5 stars...hard to complain about a $2 breakfast.  Don't bother showing up at 6:00 though, they open whenever the hell they feel like it.  Tried to go at 8:00 the other day and as usual doors were locked and the place was empty.I ordered "shorty" fries and they were pretty good. Then i also had red beans and rice with a grilled pork chop. Omg its was soo good, perfectly cooked and great flavor. Great environment as long as you don't mind the cars zipping by outside the windows, it didn't bother us so we were cool with it.Best grilled shrimp I've tasted ever !!!! Awesome place to stop in and grab a plate.  Husband had catfish friends had red bean rice and shrimp ettouffe   They all liked their meals.  Our compliments to the chef.   Friendly staff.   You can't eat this good for the priceAbsolutely Loved It. The food was amazing,  everyone was super friendly and our waitress was just amazing. We had the fried chicken wings and a salad,  very nice mix of greens and the chicken was addictive. We can't wait to return and try breakfast in the morning.Yall...THIS is the place we've been LOOKIN for to hang out! The food is AWESOME (& TOTALLY inexpensive; most expensive thing on menu is seafood platter at $15!), drinks are how WE like em, music is off da chain (ALL kinds of music, from old skool 2 hip hop & rock classics, & live music on Tues, Fri & Sat,) service is friendly & fast, and the owner, Mr. Ray, hangs out WITH us, not OVER us! I cant WAIT for football season, as Ray's all hooked up with HD tv's in SURROUND, so u can see no matter where u sit! If u wanna have a FUNKY GOOD TIME & not BREAK da bank, come hang with us at Rays! Its da BOMBDIGGIDY place!Great catfish po-boys! Much better than our po-boy at Acme and at half the price. Don't let the exterior of this place fool you! Very nice folks here.One of the best meals that I have ever had while I was visiting New Orleans. You have to get the catfish treme. My gf and I are really sad that we won't get to enjoy this out here in California. The sauce over the catfish treme was everything. I don't know if it was  crawfish or what, but I was in heaven with each bite. It was creamy with a bit of spice. You'll want to eat here every day.We go to New Orleans for the food and we are always looking for good recommendations. When we saw Ray's had a 5 star rating we were interested. We finally went on our last day. We walked there from the Quarter, but it would be easy to get there on the Rampart Trolley. We went for a late lunch and there were not many people there. My wife was not expecting much, but I think Yelp ratings are fairly accurate--still do! Ray's did not let me down. I ordered the gumbo appetizer-- a lot of time when you order a appetizer gumbo, you get a little bowl the size of a teacup--not here--this bowl of gumbo would have been plenty for a light lunch, but the real value to me was not the size--what I care about in gumbo is the taste--the flavor, texture, and the seafood or meats in it. This gumbo excelled in all categories. Other than my own gumbo, I don't remember having a better gumbo! A lot of restaurants have a pot of completed gumbo cooked and ready to just dip a bowl. I know gumbo--I really believe that Ray has a pot of the gumbo base ready, but does not add the seafood and sausage until the order is received--the sausage and the shrimp will tell you when the have been sitting on the stove!
The entree I ordered was the shrimp etouffee with alligator sausage. It was delicious, the etouffee was creamy smooth and loaded with shrimp--the grilled alligator sausage had lots of flavor. My wife ordered the Soul Platter--a massive plate of fried fish, chicken, shrimp (plenty of shimp) with hush puppies and french fries. The important fact here is that none of it was greasy and all was fried perfectly. The prices were very reasonable--all this with 2 beers was less than $40. We really can't say much about the music since we were there at lunch,  but apparently they have live music every night. If the band is anyway near as good as the food the place is bound to be packed!Ray's is a hidden gem in NOLA! So glad I took the chance and stopped in! The food was absolutely delicious! Ray's has a neighborhood feel and is definitely off the beaten path, but it's the best soul food I've eaten in New Orleans!Killer place nice people the owner even cooked our food I'll give two thumbs up plus stopping thereAWESOME!!!!!  Hands down the best Gumbo in NOLA!!! Everything seasoned perfectly! All the seafood was perfectly cooked and so very fresh!!!  The fried shrimp and catfish were so light... AMAZING!! +  Everyone was so friendly & accommodating too!!!I couldn't find red beans and rice that were good until I stopped here. Nice clean establishment. Fast service. Everything was fresh and nice temperature to eat. I believe my friend had a catfish po boy and the catfish was amazing. I will go back when I visit New Orleans again!Amazing dinner! The power was off in the whole neighborhood, but everyone was welcoming and cheerful. The catfish was incredible.We ate here on our last night of a cross country road trip and we both agreed it was the best place we ate on the trip. This was also my fourth or fifth time in New Orleans and I'm so disappointed I hadn't found this place before! The food was AMAZING and authentic (we got a bowl of gumbo and shrimp creole with fried catfish), very fairly priced, and the staff was super friendly. I will be returning the next time I'm in New Orleans.Delicious food and Incredible portion sizes for a great price! Kind of tucked away so parking is a little tough, but totally worth it. Some of the best red beans and rice I've had, the catfish and shrimp(fried) is really fresh and the breading was super tasty too! And lastly, fries are usually a throw away side, but they even made that great too! Definitely worth the trip for some genuine Cajun/homestyle meals!I can't get enough of the Treme Brass Poboy. This place is a gem. Don't let the neighborhood scare you away. This is honestly some of the best food I've had in New Orleans.We ate our first meal in New Orleans here. My daughter and I had shrimp po'boys and my husband had the seafood platter. Everything was delicious.We went to Rays looking for someplace the locals ate at based on the reviews here.  Rays is very authentic in a fairly sketchy neighborhood.  Fairly normal from a lower income perspective having worked as a Paramedic in Oakland and Richmond, California.  The food was very good, the place was clean and both the staff and patrons were friendly. For someone that is not used to "very authentic" local places it might be a bit intimidating.Nice people, nice place, relatively affordable prices, and simple tasty food.  Unfortunately they got my chicken wing order wrong, and since it was a to-go order I was unable to ask them to correct the problem, since I didn't find it until I got home.  Also, do not recommend the fries.  Would return, but would order selectively, and double check the orders.First of all the food is great there is no doubt.  However the place is dirty with no air conditioning.  When i first pulled up i thought the place was closed by all the black out windows.  The waiter has no clue what hes doing didnt bring me change couldnt swipe my card didnt bring utensils ask if i wanted a drink.  Ray your food is great but clean up your place.  Train your staff stock your food so not every item i ask for is not on the menu.  Also get some decent menus that hand written copy paper is cute but does not look professional.  Again the food was great but loud music no ac items not available etc.  i give the food five stars and the atmosphere minus 1 starLouisiana home cooking at its best. I was amazed by this restaurants service. We came in with a party of 20 after a baseball game and they cooked everything fresh. My meal was the Creole Treme which is soul food. It had fried catfish, rice, shrimp in a cream sauce, lettuce on the side, and a roll. It was amazing. The whole team loved their food. I really can't wait to come back. By the way the staff was very friendly and sweet. Thank you.When I visit New Orleans, Ray's is always on my list. Good food, good prices and excellent service!The best fried fish, chicken and shrimp I EVER had in my LIFE and also the cheapest!!! Never thought fried food could taste so light. It was not coated in a thick greasy batter so I ate way more than I normally would and had no stomach ache after or any guilty feelings for eating so much. And we had the pleasure of meeting Ray who has the sweetest most down to earth demeanor. We were the only tourists so it felt like a wonderful authentic local experience. And the DJ was the bomb!Wow. Unbelievably delicious classic New Orleans fare at very reasonable prices. We all left stuffed. I was impressed that everything was cooked to order and tasted very fresh. The fried chicken was perfectly crispy and salty on the outside and juicy inside.  Could not believe I got 4 full wings as well as shrimp etouffe for 10 bucks. If you're looking for something off the beaten path with great local flavor, definitely check this one out.Why you need to go to rays when you are in Nawlins (from a tourist).
Authentic and Delicious!
Everyone was there, the neighbors, the wives, best friends, the whole squad. Everyone knew each other and treated my cali friend and I like them. I had a lady offer me a hushpuppy because I asked the waitress what it was.
The couple sitting next to me gave me a first hand tutorial on how to suck the head and pinch the tail of a crawfish!
I came to Nawlins as a tourist and wanted to go somewhere out of the hustle and bustle and this is definitely a restaurant that is an authentic local experience!
Food- D E L I C I O U S!! We order two pounds of crawfish, the gator sausage and shrimp creole, and grilled catfish in a creme sauce. And an iced tea! Cooked well, not greasy, tasty, and just the right amount of portions. 
All in All. Don't be intimidated when walking in. Everyone is super nice and welcoming, from the other guests to the staff.Glad we came across this restaurant treasure. When you visit New Orleans this is the food you should look for. All the menu items were priced well and the flavor was Nawlins' in its greatest form. We were able to meet Chef Ray who is a wonderful guy. He gave us some New Orleans history and sent us home with our stomachs full and palettes delighted. I will definitely be returning when I'm back in town.This is by far the best soul food I've experienced in New Orleans. The staff here is phenomenal and the food is out of this world. The gumbo is a must! The Soul Food Plate is a must. You will definitely get what you pay for here! Lastly, the atmosphere is welcoming and warm I don't see how anyone can leave without feeling better than they came.If Soul Food is about comfort and the feeling, then this is the spot for you! 
Having been in NoLa for a week and eating in many highly rated places, I have to say this was my favorite. 
Hard to find as from where I was walking there was no signage (Ray says he is working on getting things going after a flood), I have to say this was the tastiest place I ate at in NoLa. 
The best way I can describe it is that Ray is inviting you into his home, and giving you his home cooking like he would make for his family. 
Is it some gastronomic sophistication done on Soul Food? No. It's better, it's unpretentious food, like anyone's parents would make. Is everything from scratch? Can't say, but really do your parents always cook that way? That is the best part! 
The must have dish: fried catfish with shrimp etouffeMy friend and I tried this place after googling seafood near us. The place was easy to find and had street parking available. The inside was a bit run down because it is an older building, but it lent to the casual atmosphere. We were told to grab the table we wanted and chose the one by the open window. 
We both got bottled water to drink after the waitress told me they didn't have sweet tea despite the fact it's on the menu. I wasn't too surprised to hear that thought since the menu has scribbled changes all over it. On the positive side, the food came out fairly quickly and was delicious. 
Cajun Sausage Po Boy: This was my first po boy experience. The bread was crispy, but soft. It was easy to bite into with the right amount of chewiness. I ordered it with lettuce only, but the sandwich wasn't dry. The sausage was a bit salty and just tasted like regular sausage. Not sure what made it cajun, but it was flavorful all the same. The fries came out cold but they weren't inedible. 
Red Beans & Rice with Grilled Catfish: I wanted to try the red beans and rice, but the side was five dollars so I figured I might as well pay the ten dollars for the meal. The catfish was by far the best thing I've eaten in New Orleans so far. The seasoning was just right and paired well with the red beans and rice. The red beans & rice themselves were EXCELLENT. Perfectly flavored with the right amount of beans. They also sat to the side after my initial bites as I ate the Po Boy, but they only got better as they got colder. 
The only major drawback is that my receipt said twenty dollars yet there was somehow 2 extra dollars tacked on because the waitress said they don't take card...After she swiped my card...They should definitely advertise that or let patrons know that there will be an extra charge to pay with card...This place is really good. A little hole in the wall that can accommodate around 40ish people and lots of TV screens to enjoy the game.  I came in with a party of 5, half of us ordered the shrimp etoufee with alligator sausage and catfish, the other half ordered the gumbo and red beans with rice. Everything was abosutely enjoyable. Definitely coming back!I'm telling you, you haven't gone to New Orleans without stepping into Ray's on the Ave for lunch or dinner. It is the epitome of what down home creole/cajun food is all about. I got Fried Catfish meal with red beans and rice with potato salad that was so good. My wife had the Fried Chicken with red beans and greens. That too was also mouth smackin'. 
I ate slowly because I wanted to live every delicious bite of my fish. I dabbled some hot sauce on it and I was like OOOH WEEE! Then I took drink of that fresh brewed Sweet Tea with Lemonade (Arnold Palmer), AMAZING, simply AMAZING. All that while I was watching the Portugal vs Spain FIFA world cup. It was like the best lunch EVER!
I felt like I was at home, all of the cooks came out and conversed with us watching the soccer game. It was a real treat!
Thanks Ray for making this a wonderful experience.This was our last stop back home to Houston. I found this on Yelp, since reviews and photos looked good. We loved the food- husband had the Catfish Treme and I ordered the shrimp etoufee with alligator sausage. The shrimp etoufee was better at Acme in my opinion. The catfish, alligator, and sauce was very good. We did not care for the up-charge of $1 for bottled water and how unwelcome we felt. Once we stepped in, all eyes on us. No one said hi, until our waitress got up, looking reluctant-after a few minutes and asked us what we wanted after giving us menus. She did ask how our food was. When we finished, no one said "Thanks" as we left, mind you this is a small place and there were only 3 other customers there. We noticed they seem to "Thank" their black customers (guests from 2 different tables ) as they left. Apparently there was free brownies from a stand promoting Tracy Morgan's show "The Last O.G. We only grabbed them because no one told us about them and we saw another couple eat them. This left a bad taste in our mouth, especially since we had a great time up until now. We love coming to Nola for the food. Yes, I am aware that there are other reviews with "non-African American" reviews that were great. I am just simply stating our experience. I don't know if the workers were having an off day, but this is our personal experience. (We are an interracial couple- I don't know if that made a difference in their perspectives)Upon my arrival to New Orleans, my group and myself were in search of an authentic southern restaurant. We came across this restaurant on yelp and decided to try it, sure enough we were blown away! The food was too good to share and cooked to perfection.  I felt at home even though I'm from Arizona. In conclusion it is worth eating for 3 meals a day 7 days a week. 
P.s - Kevin gives exceptional service .