If I could give it a -0 I would . How do you refuse a $20 just because it was made before you  were born (1985). Called the restaurant they said they would send him back they never did called them back they said they changed their mind about taking my daughter's money..The driver even told her that it was fake ... Shouldn't you have a marker with you to check...I think this is horrible customer service and I would never in my lifetime allow her to order at this place again. I would call it out for what it was but it not even worth it..Red Star is easily the best of the cheaper Chinese places, and despite their location they deliver all over the city.  These are New York guys who moved down here and opened a restaurant, and you can taste the difference.  They have a very interesting take on General's Chicken that i'm a big fan of.  Everything spicy is best when made "extra extra extra" spicy.I'd been looking around for a reliable chinese restaurant for a while before a friend ordered Red Star Delivery. It took a while, we where right at the edge of their delivery range (May even have been out of it), so I'm not really surprised, nor can I complain. Ever since I moved closer I haven't had a problem with their delivery speed. I try not to get the same thing twice and so far I've have a lot of good food (It's really more like greasy new york take out/comfort food, so exactly what I wanted)! I order from Red Star every couple of weeks they've been very polite when I go in to pick up or have it delivered.I live in a delivery dead zone is lakeview and this is one of the few places that delivers to me. The food is great and the delivery was fast. Highly recommend.Pretty great chinese food! I have looked around new orleans for good delivery chinese food and found it very difficult to find. But i think I have found my new go to place! The portions are very generous and the food is really good. However, the won tons i ordered were very hard, which is my only complaint. Overall, a solid choice!My husband and I order take out here all the time after a recommendation from a friend. HUGE portions, and the "weight watched" chicken and vegetables is actually a delicious steamed entree full of white meat chicken and assorted vegetables. The Singapore mei fun is spicy and full of a variety meats, although they can be a little heavy handed with the curry, leaving a dry, almost powdery texture once or twice.My "go to" Chinese delivery place.  I'll start by saying, Chinese is really my least favorite of all ethnic foods.  I'm really more of a pizza/taco/sushi kinda gal.  But, every now and then, I want Chinese food.  And this is who I call.  Is it the best?  Not to me, but like I said, not my fav. It is insanely fast delivery, always hot, always fresh.  My boyfriend is severly allergic to shell fish.  Other Chinese places we have eaten at have a REALLY hard time understanding how crucial not slipping him a few shrimp really is, so I really do appreciate that about them.  No surprises. The portions are freakin huge.  We can both get very full off of one order, and bf is a BIG eater.The orange chicken is  and the broccoli is nice and crispy! This will definitely be my new go-to Chinese take-out!This review is for their delivery and not the actual restaurant. We ordered wonton soup, egg rolls and veggie rolls, combination fried rice, and chicken fried rice. The wonton soup broth was delicious! I don't like wontons, but will taste the liquid. The egg and veggie rolls were good, but not the best. The fried rice is also good, but has too many onions for my taste. 
Now, I ordered it when there was heavy rain, but it still took an hour and a half for the food to arrive. The delivery guy was nice and talkative, so that was a plus. I would order delivery from here again, but just take into account the time issue.I ordered the egg rolls, crab rangoons, fried potstickers, egg drop soup, sweet and sour chicken, and fried rice... I have no complaints except for the fact that it took an hour to be delivered but it was worth the wait! Very good chinese!I order delivery from here often. Sometimes they are super fast and sometime they are super slow. The food's always hot and it's good. $15 delivery minimum.Red Star is by far one of the best delivery Americanized Chinese places in the city.  Having been disappointed variously by prices, portions, delivery times, and quality of other delivery places, I have become a loyal customer of Red Star.  When I'm having a quiet day off in Uptown and don't want to cook, I inevitably begin thinking of calling these guys.
Always friendly, huge portions, reasonable prices, and tasty food!  I love their sesame and General's chicken, their shrimp-fried rice is delicious, and their lo-mein (I prefer the chicken) comes in a huge carry-out box for $8 and makes for great leftovers.  Also a fan of the soups here, as well as the mu shu.  
If you're looking for "authentic" Chinese cuisine, you may be disappointed, but if you want down-home American-Chinese food @ good prices from good people, you can't go wrong with Red Star!So, I live very near Yummy Yummy and normally just pick up something there if I want cheap Chinese take out.  But I noticed all the rave reviews of Red Star and thought I'd try it.  Since I didn't feel like driving through the construction on Earhardt I ordered delivery, getting two dishes to meet the minimum $15.  There's a $3 delivery charge.
Kung Pao Chicken - I specifically asked for "extra spicy" and repeated myself.  What I got was bland chicken and veggies in practically tasteless sauce.  With a few peanuts sprinkled in.  If you've ever had this at a decent Chinese restaurant, you know it's a traditionally very spicy dish made with dried red peppers.  I had one bowl of this stuff and put the rest in the fridge.  Maybe I'll add spices and it will be worth re-heating.  In contrast - this dish is pretty good at Yummy Yummy and they give you very tasty fried rice rather than steamed white rice.
Pork Lomein - This really made me wish I'd just ordered the chicken and picked up.  This was my add-on to get to $15.  Mealy tasting ramen noodles fried with soy sauce a sprinkling of onions and the barest minimum of roast pork.  I mean, like I had to hunt in the noodles to find pork.  I had three bites then decided to check whether the dog thought it was edible.
A lot of people are raving about their huge portions.  True.  Also true that I paid $20 after tip - For a huge, marginally edible dish which I'll have to refry with a lot of spice if I eat the leftovers, and a huge bunch of noodles which my dog thought were really awesome.  At least one foodie in my house was pleased.Red star catered an event I attended and the food was plentiful, tasty, and hot! Event was for 100+ people and it was delicious and hot from first serving to last!Super friendly service. Delivery was quick and portions are generous.  We had the General Tsis chicken, beef and broccoli, lo mein, and stuffed cream cheese wontons. All wonderful. Will definitely choose this place again.Yes the delivery here takes a while.
Usually I would always get my food to go.
My favorites would be crab Rangoon, spring rolls ,eggrolls,fried oyster and the fried crab stick. 
Most of my orders here were custom.
The owners are also nice enough to make me any type of tofu or bean curd creation I asked for.  This was very nice of them.
I believe for nostalgia only in the kindness I was given I have to go with five stars all the way.The general tso shrimp gets me everytime but they loose one star for the EXTRA greasy and undercooked egg rolls!I ordered delivery from here tonight. It took an hour and a half. I called back twice, once after  an hour and a woman told me the driver was on his way. I live only 10 min away so I called again after 20 minutes. The woman told me he was on his way again. 10 minutes later my food came.
I ordered general tsos chicken and crab ragoons. The chicken was really fatty and mushy. I prefer dragon king where the chicken is crisp.
The crab ragoons were good. Still not going to order from here againFirst time trying Red Star, easy to order, delivery driver followed directions. Hot Sour Soup was excellent. Egg Rolls were cold, but good. Lo Mein was good, enough for 2 meals. Will try again. Might venture and try something outside the box. Thanks Red Star...I ordered takeout; house fried rice (beef, chicken, shrimp) and shrimp toast. The house fried rice was ok. It had too many onions for my preference so if I ever ordered in the future I would tell them lite or no onions. They use the tiny shrimp. I think pork would have been a great addition to the house rice. My co worked raved about their shrimp toast. I had never heard of such a thing so based of off his recommendation I ordered it. It's a mushy shrimp mixture between two slices of bread and then fried. I did not like it. It comes with a sauce which I think is their duck sauce so I decided to dip the toast in the sauce and it improved the taste a little but still probably nothing I would order again.It will get the job done. Far delivery is awesome. Stay away from the egg drop. No brown rice available.LOTS of decent food. 
Huge serving size, but the food is nothing to write home about... except for the egg roll. It was super flaky and tasty. The wrapper was more like a spring roll.ordered delivery from red star for the second time tonight. both times we have been more than pleased. placing orders is a breeze, the lady who has answered on both occasions was super friendly, and the delivery guys rock! (we live on the 3rd floor. delivery drivers rarely make that hike, but they do and I am more than happy to tip extra for that service!)
portions are huge. mongolian beef was awesome. (it was my hubby's choice, but thankfully there was so much he was able to share.)
I originally had this down as 4 stars, then remembered they give a ton of fortune cookies. +1!Hummm I'd have to rate this as one of the less good Chinese joints on the Carroltton corridor.  I've eaten inside which is a bit of a stark prospect and not a very enjoyable dining experience.  The food while not terrible isn't the most tasty and tends more towards the blah.  I'm probably not going to be tempted to ever make another visit here.Four chicken butts in one order of General Tso's chicken. I know better than to order a breaded chicken item in an inexpensive chinese restaurant. So I take some of this blame, but when I counted 4 telltale pointed larger chicken pieces (Chicken Butts) in one order, I said no more. Maybe the vegetarian items and noodle dishes are okay. Just stay away from breaded chicken items.The General Tso Shrimp is still great, but they need to either cut the portions down or give more rice w/the order!Never again.   We ordered 3 dinners.  The service was good but the food smelled off.   No one ate their email.   It was a waste of money and timeFood is decent, but nothing more. 
I ordered the Sesame Chicken, it was okay. IF only they actually put more sesame in and not just sprinkle it on top. 
General's Chicken was good, I asked for extra spice but it came regular. 
Shrimp toast was greasy. 
Overall, okay. The portions are huge though. They also have a wide delivery area so that was a plus.Great prices and large portions
Great for delivery when you want to share with a large group
Food came on time and service was decent over the phoneRed Star..
Crab Rangoon..
More like "HOLLY CRAP! THIS IS GOOD"
I mean, is this infused with CRACK?!?
A distinct possibility given the neighborhood, but I would go there just for this little taste treat.
Perfect Crab to Cream Chees filling ratio.
Shaped like a little pocket, perfect for depositing just the perfect amount of sauce into the Rangoon.
And as always, my go to dishes at Chinese are Egg Foo Young, and Lo Mein which I shall rate here:
1: Egg Foo Young, OHHH BESSIE!! "Super amazing, happy wonderful full tummy" is how they would rate this in China.
4 full patties, cram packed with ingredients, and a nice, albeit unconventional sauce for the patties.
This dish alone could feed 2 people.
2 Lo Mein, Good, not great, but good.
A little too greasy, but this is a common flaw in some Lo Mein.
Flavor wise, it is amazing, and content wise the House Lo Mein, with AMPLE amounts of Beef, Chicken and Shrimp (Why no Pork?) You will not leave hungry..
Lagniappe:
For the health Conscious, the Seafood with Vegetable Lo Cal dish, is good, but the "Crab Sticks" although not tasting like crab (Hmm, not crab but on this I fall under Don't ask, Don't Tell) is tasty indeed.
The sauce is a little dry, maybe they'll give you a side of it as well.
And the Seafood Combination, a saucier variation of the above dish, also, very tasty, same crab stick, but you know where I stand on identifying that item.
Well worth the money for this dish, in the concept again, of "EBTKS".
Red Star, in the category of "CHEEP CHINESE", they are head and shoulders above the rest.
And in some aspects, would fit in nicely alongside the heavyweights South of Canal in NYC.Ok.  As long as you remember to tell them to put the sauce on the side, it's great!  Yeah, I'm not a fan of sauce.  But I think the eggrolls, though a bit greasy, are pretty fucking awesome; they have a flaky outside- yum!  And it's pretty fucking cheap compared to Five Happiness.  And I definitely recommend this place fore those that want some good cheap Chinese food.  Not to mention, because they cater to a college crowd, they are open somewhat late/later.  And they do deliever.Food is consistent and plentiful.  Good value for the money and delivery usually takes less time than quoted.Just awful. Never again. Tasteless food. Likely rancid oil. One dish smelled like cigarette smoke. Soggy egg roll. Nothing was good about this place.I would say Meh, A OK! 2.5 stars? I'll round up! 
Cheap and convenient. It filled my Chinese delivery takeout craving.  
They take credit/debit cards for delivery, their menu was online, plus they had a super friendly woman take my phone order, but by no means would I go out of my way to get it again because it just was not that memorable. 
I agree with Marisa X, decent, nothing more. I was disappointed by the 75 min wait for delivery, most of the garlic sauce leaked out during that time, so I was wearing it after they handed me the bag, and the shrimp in the shrimp fried rice looked gnarly so I threw them away (def get the veggie fried rice next time). The positives were the price and the large portions. You get what you pay for!This is my go to Chinese delivery place. They are fast, the portions are E-normous, and the food isn't bad. I gave it four stars because of the food. Like I said, it's not bad, but it is good, it's just not the best. Whatever! With the price it is and how much you get...it's better than frozen. I have food for days after I order Red Star!Mediocre food, terrible delivery, and horrible customer service. Last time we ordered from them we waited an hour and a half, and when we called to check on it they said they never got the order. Awful all around. AVOID!I've always enjoyed the food here and I have had them deliver to three different locations. Their website says there is a $3 delivery charge and it is a minimum order of $15. I was very surprised that there was a 15% delivery charge on my receipt that I was not informed of. It wasn't until I was looking over the receipt 10 minutes later did I realize it. If i knew I was going to be paying almost $15 for a delivery charge and then I still tipped the kid $10, I would've just driven there myself.DELIVERY REVIEW: I was hesitant based on previous reviews, but my food arrived on time (1 hour wait quoted) in the rain. 
Giant portions, as mentioned by others. Will probably get at least one more meal out of it. Fried rice that came with the sesame chicken dinner combo was on the dry side, but I imagine that if you ordered it as an individual item it's probably fresh. Chicken was fine. Fried pan stickers were crispy. Nothing was mind-blowing but all of my orders came on a bed of lettuce. Doesn't add anything to the food, but makes it feel a little less like greasy Chinese. 
Would order again because it's pretty decent tasting food and one of the few places that delivers to Broadmoor.I recently moved to New Orleans and REALLY missed some good, Americanized Chinese food. There really isn't any in this city. I tried 5 Happiness and Green Tea which were both horribly disappointing. Red Star is so far out of my way but it's worth it. I'm pretty sure they deliver most places but I don't have the patience for that. I picked up my food - probably wouldn't dine in. I have the Sesame Chicken and it's really good. If I'm craving Chinese, I won't go anywhere else.My family is kind of a regular here. They have huge portions for really cheap, and the food is pretty good. In all honestly, I remember the food quality being better a few years ago when we first started ordering from here, and now it's just a bit better than ok. 
I'll definitely keep going though. General Tso's and boneless chicken dinners are my go to food, and they're always good. The crab rangoon is AMAZINNGGGg. They use the great puffy wrapper and it's always fresh when I order it. 6 huge crab rangoons for just a few bucks. They come with duck sauce on the side, which just makes it taste so much better.I really enjoy the food that they make - I ordered broccoli with beef and some egg drop soup for a very affordable price. They also delivered it earlier than what they said they would (30 min). I guess I caught them on a non-busy hour of the day! Definitely going to order from them again.I've ordered delivery from here twice; never again.  The first time, it took over an hour and arrived cold.  The second - for which I've been waiting over an hour - still hasn't arrived (we're at an hour and 20 minutes now), and they aren't answering at the restaurant.
This is fucking ridiculous.  I'm hungry, I'm pissed, and I'm grossly unimpressed.
PS - unless they confused my eggdrop soup container for the grease bin, that shit was pure oil.
---
EDIT:  Food finally arrived.  Part of the order was incorrect, my husband's entree had leaked over everything (sticky General Tso's sauce err'where), and my beef and broccoli tasted... boiled? Bland and oddly-textured, and the sauce was like a mixture of corn starch and brown, and the meat was very soft and sad.  
The whole thing, slight the potstickers (which were actually pleasant), was very sad.Chinese take-out in New Orleans is, as a rule, expensive and disappointing, but Red Star satisfies my cravings. I always get the general tsao's chicken entree, pork lo mein, and crab rangoon, all of which are delicious and feed 2 of us for 2-3 meals for around $20. I've tried the hot and sour soup and the sweet and sour chicken and was unhappy with both. I've found the service to be friendly and the delivery is the fastest I've ever seen in the Big Easy (20 minutes from order to doorbell in Midcity during a Saints game).Okay, so I've been in search of good Chinese food since moving to New Orleans.  I've only had the fried rice and egg rolls here. It's just me so I do not require a lot of food, but three people could have eaten off these two items.  
I got a "medium" fried rice. Way too much for one person. So, bring a friend or two. 
What I like most is that they have homemade duck sauce. Not just that crap they have in the packet.  Although, they get annoyed when you ask for it. I didn't much care for that.  When I ask for the duck sauce with my order she will gladly point to "that crap in the packet".  Which I quickly decline and request the real stuff. You'd think that the homemade duck sauce had gold in it.  They will give it up if you insist and at an extra $0.25 per cup.I eat at this Chinese restaurant mostly because there aren't a lot of other Chinese places to choose from in Mid City. The person who takes orders on the phone speaks English well so you aren't worried if what you think you ordered and what you will actually receive are going to be the same thing. The delivery is fast and the drivers are polite (my driver bowed at me tonight!) 
The food is decent. Better than my other option (Yummy Yummy on North Carrollton) but it makes me miss the Chinese restaurant that delivered to my old house. The food does arrive hot and fresh, and I certainly haven't tried all there is to try here, so maybe some of their other entrees are better than my go-to Chinese food favorites, which are: 
Crab Rangoons - These are delicious, if you consider crab mixed with cream cheese to be appetizing (I do, but my boyfriend swears that it sounds disgusting, which I guess it kind of does upon further reflection.)
Sesame Chicken - The last time I ordered this from Red Star, there was some unidentified piece of plastic buried within the chicken that I bit down on only to realize with disgust that it wasn't chicken. Sesame Chicken is one of my favorite entrees but I can't order it from here any longer for fear of eating plastic again.
Sweet and Sour Chicken - decent, the breading on the chicken is light so you don't feel full after a few bites then starving again after 30 minutes.
Lo Mein - also decent, not much to say about it. It's lo mein, noodles and meat, hard to mess that up.
Fried Rice - good, not exciting but comes with the combo.
Egg Rolls - greasy, just like a good egg roll should be.
To make a long review short, Red Star is the best Chinese delivery option in Mid City, the food is decent, the service is fast and employees are nice.My review for this place is simple the crab rangoon is good as hell. It's so good to where I keep coming back for more I will work my way up and trying new things pretty soon I hope the rest of the food lives up to the height of these crab rangoon rolls4 stars for the extremely cheap all day specials! Great portion size for the price you pay!The food is perfectly OK (but ever heard of Mongolian beef with mushrooms and no peppers in it?) although nothing to write home about, but the delivery is really unreliable.
Today after 45 minutes trying to get a delivery of three things,  I called to find out why, I was told "it's raining." 
Yes, it rains. This is Louisiana. Surely there is better delivery than this. Apparently this is a serious problem with Red Star. So if it's sunny out, by all means. But if it's raining, their car melts or something.
After over an hour they called to say that their driver hadn't shown up, so I cancelled the order.
Don't order from these people. It's terrible.Nobody delivers to my area so cant speak on that service but I do carry out time to time after leaving the gym next door. Food is good and 1 plate is enough to last 2 days only downside everytime I order it takes over 45 mins for them to prepare my food so order wayyyy ahead of time. Also dont eat here on your lunch break even if you get 1 hour breaks because youll still be late for work.Delivery to loyola was okay. Food was. Very very very bland. I took 5 bites and threw the whole plate away. So nasty!!!!!!i have never eaten here, but I've always had it delivered, or picked it up. I've ordered a few things from here, and I've learned a few things. They love battering and drenching their food. For example, the sweet and sour shrimp is heavily battered, then covered in sweet and sour sauce. I've asked about getting it in a lighter batter, but the woman told me that it comes out of the bag pre-battered that way. Their vegetable deluxe comes in a brown sauce, and is not really vegetarian because my vegetarian friend started to feel sick from eating it, like she usually does from accidentally eating something with meat in it. 
When I first started ordering from them a year ago, I really liked it, but somehow over the past year, I've liked it less and less. At least the prices are still fair.Unfortunately, my review is not a positive one.  First let me say that the people who work there are extremely kind.  However, yesterday I ordered their chicken noodle soup and within 1-2 hours of eating it, I was laying on the bathroom floor sick.  Nothing else hurt but my stomach and after talking to my doctor today, I am certain I had food poisoning.  I missed an entire day of work (2 jobs) that I won't get paid for due to getting food poisoning from Red Star.  I've never been this sick and contemplated going to the emergency room.  I will not ever be going there again and hope this is a warning for others to stay away.  Also I didn't eat anything else yesterday except for a few crackers so I am certain this is where I got food poisoning.  This ruined my night and cost me a pay check.Good food, and the portions ARE BIG! Really excited about that when I ordered two entrees and got a huge heaping of food. The delivery times were sluggish (but it was Lundi Gras so I'll cut 'em some slack).
The General Tso's chicken is just legendary and awesome. Should've gotten some soup instead of another entree but all in all was really pleased with the food. I'll definitely be ordering here more regularly because of their proximity and well familiar-ness with Loyola University and Tulane University's campus and dorms.I ordered from Red Star last Sunday and my brother and I both ate it. Half an hour after eating, we were both sick in the restroom. One hour after eating, I was throwing up feeling like I was going to die, something that continued for the next 27 hours. Unfortunately for me, I couldn't make it to work on Monday because I spent the entire day throwing up every thirty minutes. I felt like I was living the last day of my life, I couldn't even step out of my room that day. At the same time as I'm dying in my room, my brother is going through the same agony in his room and restroom. It was also raining a lot that day, which made it feel like the end was getting near. Around 11:30pm Monday night, I was finally able to step out of my room and go check on my brother, who was also finally starting to feel like a human being again. I think I lost around 10 pounds that day, which was the only positive thing out of this story and the only reason they earned a star in my rating. On Tuesday morning, I got ready to head out to work and when I opened my car door a ton of water started pouring out. Yes, my car flooded the day before because I couldn't go to work and move it from the spot it was at because I ate from this place and lived the worst day of my life. I hope no one ever orders from this place, as you can end up without your organs from throwing everything up and without a car as well. I blame Red Star Chinese for all of my bad luck this past week.First time we ordered they were fast and the food was great. Ordered lo mein and tasted burnt the second time.  We love local places but want consistency. Will try again in the future.my fiance and I received contaminated food and had terrible food poisoning for 3 miserable days. it was the third time we had eaten there and will never touch this place again. we spent $48 on the food and $7 tip and would really appreciate a refund on our painful experience and an apology from the owner would be a nice gesture. in the future i hope this restaurant will train their employees on cross-contaminating foodsDangerous neighborhood, poor quality of food and service. Long long wait. MSG all the way. Not a place where I would order Asian food either. There are better place in town.It is what it is, and that is great chinese take-out.  Their delivery drivers, pumping that techno, are speedy.  Your food arrives hot and quickly from open to close.  It's nothing fancy, but for the price you can't go wrong.  Their specialty menu is really good as well.  From uptown to midcity they have never done me wrong.Couldn't have had lower expectations from this spot given the reviews. However my Kung pao shrimp combo delivered through Uber Eats was not bad! Actually, good! 
The sauce was very tasty, not too spicy. The fried rice was full of fresh egg, although I would've liked some filler carrots and peas in it. 
I would order again.Although there is seating, this is a take out place. All drinks are in bottles and cans. Utensils are cheap plastic you have lean over a counter to pick up. Food is of mall food court quality. At least 3 other Chinese restaurants within a mile offer superior quality for similar prices.I ordered take out for the first time last night, because it's fairly close to my house. Good portions but not good quality. It's food in your belly if your hungry, but I'd never order from here again unless I had no choice. It's not nasty but it's ok at best, and I ordered 2 different  entrées for dinner. I definitely wish I had only ordered one and saved the $I'd come here for the egg rolls alone. They are huge, flaky, and delicious. Make sure you get the house duck sauce with them.
I ordered chicken with snow peas and mongolian beef with steamed rice, then shared these two dishes with a friend on a Tuesday night. People aren't kidding when they say the portions here are huge: the remainder lasted me the rest of the week.
The chicken with snow peas was a little bland, but that can probably be fixed by adding sriracha or just ordering something spicier... the mongolian beef was tender and sweet with a lot of flavor.
Everything was fresh and not overcooked or anything. 
I noticed some reviewers complained about the amount of sauce. Yes, there's a lot of sauce on the food. Personally I like it that way. But if you don't like sauce, you should probably ask for it on the side or go to a place that makes dry Chinese food (?).
This place gets the job done.Food is decent for take out cheese food in this area. My complaint is that they add additional charges without telling you. They say they charge $1.50 for delivery but then they add an additional $1.50 on top of that. If the delivery fee is $3 that's fine, but just say so and don't try and use hidden fees or lie.
I emailed both the restaurant and the ordering service and neither one of them responded.Average American Chinese food with adequate and filling portion sizes, just nothing spectacular. My husband and I had several dishes delivered after having one too many drinks a few weekends back on a Sunday night, and not being able to decide. We got the crab Rangoons (crispy edges, nice creamy inside), egg rolls (little soggy-but hard to keep crisp when takeout), egg drop soup (slightly gelatinous/overly eggy for my taste) chicken lo mein (satisfactory, not a crazy amount of chicken), and General Tsao's chicken (quite tasty flavor and texture). All were fairly tasty, and definitely hit the spot for drunk takeout, but not the best Chinese in town. Not saying I wouldn't order again because it definitely hit the spot at the time!Good, Americanized "Chinese" delivery (withOUT msg)! The food was on par with what I'd expect for any Chinese takeout/delivery- nothing to write home about, but satisfies your hunger while you sit in your underwear watching Netflix on a Friday night!
I ordered everything without msg, an option that I really appreciate. Compared to other places where I've requested "no msg," this was much better. The vegetable rolls were delicious- hot, flaky, and the right amount of greasy. 
The vegetable lo mein was good- tasted like every other vege lo mein I've had! As others have mentioned, the portions are quite large! 
I called around 630pm on a Friday; food was here around 7.I was looking forward to trying this place out, based on previous reviews, only to be dissatisfied. The hot and sour soup was jelly like, vs soup like. I'm a HUGE hot n sour soup guy; this in itself is a desl breaker. The fried rice was mediocre (my fried rice is definitely better). My order was ready in a timely manner, cashier was nice. Sorry Red Star, you're off my list.Let's start with a qualifier .. as good as it gets in standard takeout Chinese food ... if you are looking for fine dining this is not it.  
However, the vegetables are the freshest and crispest I have found, they will substitute Tofu in all dishes (something several of the chinese restaurants here would not do) and even when online ordering you can adjust the ratio of meat to vegetable. 
Unfort they do not carry spring rolls but their vegetable rolls are crisp and not too greasy.  Hot  and sour soup is nicely spiced and chock full .. not just a broth.
The best vegetable fried rice I have had in this town (actually that maybe the best in the last 3 cities I lived in), ain't no frozen peas and carrots for sure.  The portion is super generous, and you will get large pieces of broccoli, bell pepper, onions, zucchini, snow peas, carrots, etc.  I wind up making about 4 meals off an order .. either as a side or more often I will scoop out a portion and just slide a fried egg on top and make it a whole meal.
When I first started ordering about 8 months ago the were a little slow on delivery but that has improved greatly in the last 4-5 months ..  now they are at my house within 20 minutes.I'm not a fan of this restaurant. The delivery took over and hour and the man who delivered wouldn't give me back my correct change after I asked multiple times. The food was below par, the egg rolls were disappointing and the lo mein had little flavor and was excessively greasy. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.Worst food I've eaten in my life. Ordered sweet and sour chicken and it was ungodly how horrifying it was. Old batter. Chicken was NOT fresh. Fried rice was burned and smelled horrendous. Even the sweet and sour sauce was bad. This place needs to be shut down!! Do NOT order off of UberEats.This place was horrible. We walked in and no one welcomed us. We had to ask how we can order because we weren't seated. We seated ourselves. On top of that the cashier seemed clueless about anything. Clearly they saw that we were going to dine in b/c he bad to tell us they do more take outs. And when our food was ready the owner gave us our food in to-go boxes without telling us that they were going to do that when we ordered. We told her we weren't aware it was going to be in to-go boxes, and all she said was that they do take outs and we only had 30 min left before closing so that was it. The owner said they have plates and utensil for us to take with us but did not pack any for us. And lastly, the chicken curry was the worst I've ever eaten at any Asian restaurant because it was not salty at all.You can't tell me if you have flour OR soy sauce in any of your dishes???? I tried to give you my business (and I live close enough for delivery)..... it's 2015! Figure it out!!!Standard Chinese food. Good for delivery. Boyfriend got mongolian beef and was happy with the portion. It was topped with fresh green onion and the veggies were fresh. 
Neither of us eat pork. I wasn't sure if the combo came with a pork egg roll so I made sure to request a vegetable spring roll or leave it out all together. So they either accommodated us or it did come with a veggie spring roll to begin with. But I digress.
I also got shrimp toast and Rockies shrimp (only found on the uber eats app as opposed to their own online page for ordering). The sauce on it is a spicy mayo sauce (think mayo mixed with Mae Ploy sauce, which I personally think needs to be the next siracha). Both the toast and shrimp were crispy. And the portion of rice was packed into the two compartments in the container reserved for sides. So a good amount of shrimp fried rice.Yeah, Not very good. 
I keep trying new chinese places. Hoping, praying, that one day I will find a good one. But no, this is just like the rest of the chinese places I've tried - NOT GOOD! 
I got the kung pao chicken. The portion was huge. The styrofoam container was full to the brim, spilling out the the edges. Which is great for $9.  But the chicken was sliced and had an odd taste. There were huge pieces of bellpeppers and onion and corn which is mostly what filled the box.  The sauce was brown, not a single pepper to be found. It looked nothing like any kung pao I have ever seen. 
I won't be ordering from here again.Hate to hurt a local business but yeah this place just is pretty terrible. The rice does have the taste and texture of your average garden fertilizer, and the other dishes don't come much better.I went in to order take out. There isn't non one in the front. you have to presaged a white button to request someone to come and take your order. Then when the Asian lady did come to the counter she was sort of rude(might be the normal not sure). She took my order. I asked for extra egg on my shrimp fries rice. She charged for it..! There was no egg in the rice @all. I have never orders shrimp fried rice and don't get in in the rice. The egg was fried and placed on top of the rice!! Y.E.S. you read correctly on top. Not sure if the rice was fresh or not. This was by far omw of the worst experience that I have ever encountered @ a fast food Asian restaurant by far. I asked for chop sticks and she pointed where to go retrieve them behind the counter on top. The sauces was self served but the customer service is so under par.I paid for my order to be delivered and they gave my order to someone else and refuse to remake the order that they messed up on. They were very rude about it and would not accept the fact that they made a mistake and now they basically stole my money. I would advise not to go here due to the fact that their customer service is terrible.Liars ! Promised to, refund some of my money and never did. Food is just ok and overpriced for the quality. Found a new place for Chinese food, Green tea restaurant is way better.I ordered the general chickens, pan stickers and egg roll. While my order was correct and it tasted pretty decent  it gave me a mild case of food poisoning. I spent 2 days on the toilet after eating their food. Never again will I eat here nor do I recommend it to anyone. I wish I could give them 0 starsPoorly packaged food they could've put a rubber band around the container, and bad customer service. I picked up a plate of food and my chicken fell out into the bag, I called the restaurant and the woman who answered, acted like she couldn't understand me. Worked all day and couldn't even enjoy my meal. I will never order from theses people again. And on top of that, I was promised a $30 refund and never got it. I was even called a lierI've been here multiple times but tonight was probably my last. I ordered online for pickup. Placed my order at 8:32, it said it'd be ready at 8:56. I arrived at 8:55 to pick it up. The woman told me it'd be a couple minutes because they were cleaning the kitchen. I only ordered egg rolls and soup so I figured it'd be quick. I peeked in the kitchen and they were hardcore pressure washing it. I waited and waited and waited until I asked to cancel my order. She insisted I wait because it'd be "5 more minutes". She would not let me cancel so I waited. I walked out with my food at 9:20. Never again.