Outstanding! Easily the best food I've had on this trip and I've done quite a bit of eating my way through New Orleans. The premise and story of how the owner ended up in this location is cute. The place is quaint and has some definite New Orleans charm. The staff is courteous and did a great job.
The food was UNREAL. I had the meatball sandwich and ordered biscuits to go for my co-workers as we were in town for a work trip. The meatballs are easily in the Top 3 of the best meatballs I have ever had. WARNING: They are HUGE. And the Red Gravy??? Oh My! I wish I would have bought a side for later. I know Im going to be craving it and they are closed tomorrow as it is Tuesday.
My entire crew was literally fighting over the biscuits. I apparently was 2 short, so watching them all divide them in half and try to take seconds was kind of hysterical. Grown men fighting over biscuits. 
I am eager to come back and try the breakfast items which everyone seems to rave about in their reviews. Thank you Roseanne and staff for your true southern hospitality. We had a fabulous morning!Loved it.  I had the CBD, eggs biscuit grits and bacon.  The biscuit and grits tasted just like white gravy and everything was absolutely delicious.  My wife had the meatballs with sunny side eggs which were also pretty good.  I highly recommend the biscuits and grits and I am so glad that the ruby slipper was full.  This is a small place but was not crowded, it was half full.
Oh, and the coffee and service are excellent.This was an awesome breakfast spot!  Right across from the Sheraton.  Our server was great and pointed us in a delicious direction.  Beats the heck out of the Breakfast Buffet at the Hotel!!Nonetheless disappointed-no gluten free bread but only deserts from the local gfree bakery they proudly disclaim in one of the 3 bulky menus seriously 3? Gee I wonder if it took the same effort to order g free bread from the same gfree local bakery...? Decorations-overboard! Less is more...don't take it for granted. The place is quaint and sells "the home experience" the coffee machine that looks like an iMac - sore in the eyes-prices? Are you for real? Overpriced for a place that advertises an experience in the ad and delivers subpar. On a good note the taste of the food - phenom - fix the rest will ya?We were in town for Esssence Fest.  We came across this restaurant after leaving a nearby restaurant that had a 1.5 hour wait for breakfast.  I had scrambled eggs, pancakes, Italian sausage and orange juice.  My sister ordered scrambled eggs, applewood bacon, grits an OJ.  The eggs were extremely salty.  They tasted like they had already been seasoned in the kitchen, and then we put a little salt on top also which made for bad tasting eggs.  My pancakes were really good.  A pet peeve of mine is that they charged an automatic 18% gratuity (I'm assuming because it was Esssence Fest) to everybody. I do not like it when establishments charge an automatic gratuity no matter the size of the party.  Also something to note, they do not have any turkey products on the menu.  You are not able to substitute any of the bacon or sausage for turkey bacon or turkey sausage.  It is also a bit pricier than other establishments in the area for breakfast.  It has a cute decor and our server was great.  I would not be against returning the next time I'm in N.O.In from Kansas City, MO, looking for some comfort food. So glad we stumbled on Red Gravy. Clean restaurant, excellent service, fabulous food.I was looking for a quiet place for breakfast on a Sunday morning and found this restaurant on Yelp.  It was a quaint place with a variety of options on the menu.  I had the red gravy omelet and it was pretty good.  I wasn't quite sure what red gravy would taste like, but it was good.  There was live music being played which was pretty interesting for breakfast.The food was mediocre and the food comes out very slow, but the ambiance of the restaurant is nice.My husband and I stumbled upon this great place during our trip here in NOLA. The original place we were heading for breakfast was not open so glad we ended up here. You can tell the food is fresh. I love that they use products from local farmers and provide  farm to table organic food. It's small and quaint atmosphere. My husband and I had the red white and blue Belgian waffle. The bacon was awesome. The Italian sausage was awesome. Our server was perfect. No complaints. Would like to try something on the dinner menu.We arrived 8pm Thursday night, were quickly seated. They have a Market Salad/Market Price on menu which the waitress was totally clueless about... Big difference between Grilled Goat Cheese and Blue. My husband had to send his back. We didn't ask the price at the time...how much can a salad be? $15.00 crazy! Our entrees were good, pastas. My husbands and sons pasta were very dry so we asked for more sauce on the side. They charged us $5.00 for extra sauce. No Bueno! The owner chef was present but very tacky. Started coaching her staff in front of  us and other customers while we were still eating. She never greeted our table even though she had to walk right by us to go into the storage closet. We were not offered dessert or coffee as they had turned the closed sign over. Too bad, the food was good but VERY rough around the edges and that's a major turn off to these foodies!Food and service was great! I had uptown because I wanted to try the "red gravy" and I really enjoyed it!Great place!! Original recommended place was 1.5 hour wait... We walked and got here and an so happy we did!! Great space, decor, bar, and banjo player!! Polpettta omelette and canoli pancake for dessert (I like every meal to have dessert!!) Boyfriend and I shared both and it was delicious!!! Also a fabulous bloody (virgin) Mary!! Thank you red gravy for a first brunch in the city!!I've been wanting to come to this restaurant ever since it opened, and then finally made a trip to New Orleans this weekend. First, a review of the food, cause that's why you're reading the review. Everything I had exceeded my expectations, which are high to begin with. I started with a cup of minestrone soup. It was very flavorful, and packed with vegetables, beans, and greens. Everything was cooked to perfection and not too mushy. And the pasta spirals must have been added to the soup right before it was served because they were perfectly cooked, slightly more than al dente. Definitely a refreshing change from most minestrones which have mushy pasta. 
For my main lunch I had the Blair Parm sandwich (eggplant Parm). The eggplant was lightly breaded, fried but not greasy, and had the infamous Red Gravy gravy on top. I thought the French bread would be too much for it, but the bread just melted away in my mouth. 
The young man who greeted, seated, and served me was charming and attentive. The owner/chef came out twice during lunch to chat with the patrons. And the decor was fun, flirty New Orleans style, but not over the top. Best of all the music as well as ambient noise from the patrons was not too loud. With a packed house, I could easily carry on conversations. 
Definitely try this place out, and go back often.Wonderful place for an interesting breakfast! We had Baci di Madre (Mother's kisses), which are pancakes with pistachios, lemon zest and ricotta cheese, and the Sicilian Egg Pie, which is baked eggs on a pastry base with herbs and grated cheese. A fabulous looking drinks list, but it was a bit too early for alcohol (8:45 a.m.), even on a Saturday in New Orleans. We'll go back for lunch, which looks to be outstanding. Friendly, attentive service in a small but lovely room.I had the Lafayette special and my husband had the sloppy joe. They were both different from usual brunch items (especially the sloppy joe) but in a very good way. Freshly squeezed orange juice and pumpkin spice latte added to a great brunch.LOVE this spot. Excellent breakfast and service, could not be better. Returned twice during this trip to try more. Delicious drinks as well, had one with bourbon and chata=delicious!!Incredible restaurant! We started our brunch with a delicious egg nog coffee garnished with a candy cane. We tried two of the special- very flavorful hash and eggs and the fried green tomatoes with shrimp and sausage with a creamy tomato basil sauce. We also ordered the fried chicken and waffles. The chicken was perfectly juicy with a crispy crust and the best Belgian waffle I've had in years. Everyone at our table was so pleased with each of their orders. The atmosphere is great, as was the service. HIGHLY recommended!!Yes! Yes! Yes!
We had breakfast here, and it was fresh and delicious! After breakfast, we broke protocol to have a nice dessert of almond cake. It's never too early for cake!
We wanted to come back for the GF pasta and ravioli a but errands tied us up until they closed. We'll definitely be back. 
The owner was friendly and approached us about our needs. The server was a friendly one that made our meal pleasant.This is truly a neighborhood gem. We had a party of eight for brunch on a Sunday morning. The service was attentive but not overbearing and the food was excellent. There was a wide variety of menu options and all eight meals were highly regarded by a pretty fussy crowd.Amazing breakfast menu, delicious sandwiches and egg pies. The meatballs are a must. Great price and friendly staff. A real treat! 
Note: The sandwiches are very big so feel free to split them (i couldn't finish mine and was sad to leave it unfinished).Really enjoyed our meals here. Everyone's plates were cleaned! I had and recommend the spaghetti and meatballs. Very good with great home made noodles. The grits were very good also. Well worth a try!My daughter and I both have Celiacs so we had to find a place with GF food.  Also, hey, we're in NOLA so our expectation was that it would be delicious too.  We were ecstatic! The omelet with Italian sausage and red gravy was mouth watering!  The service was awesome too.  We are frequent visitors to New Orleans and definitely will be back.Food is excellent but everything else is HORRIBLE!  Went with a party of 12, and before we could get in the door, this RUDE guy comes outside demanding we can't come inside with our cups.  We are from NOLA, we know this, OKAY??? Can't you let us get inside and THEN ask us to toss them?  We ask for several checks before we order and that was a fiasco.  "Our credit card machine doesn't let us do that."  Really? End of the night they did spilt the check, but not without more drama! We went to celebrate a birthday and they didn't even acknowledge that. Food didn't come out all at the same time.  Our whole group loved the food but will not be returning.  There are far too many better restaurants that know a thing or two about customer service.  We are done.This is an interesting spot with some unique breakfast choices. We ordered the eggs Sicilian and eggs Florentine. Both were excellent. The eggs are baked in small dishes with cheese. A basket of biscuits had to be ordered separately, as all bread does in this place, but they were still very good. All in all a very good choice for breakfast with some unique choices. I'd recommend it over some of the more popular spots in the area without a second thought.Wonderful breakfast ,bring an appetite we ran out of time I would have loved to go back for dinnerThis place really has 3 things wrong with it.
1) the items on the menu are deliberately weird.  Chicken and waffles with roasted chicken?  Why?  Weird names for dishes?  Why?
2) there's an automatic 20% gratuity during ANY reason to go to NOLA like Mardi Gras and Jazz Fest and no doubt any other occasion they can thing of, and it applies ALL the time regardless of how busy they are.  I went there for breakfast and was LITERALLY the only table in the place.  Did they charge me +20%?  Yup. I don't get it.  The service wasn't even terrible though it definitely was +20% worth it.  It's like they don't want any tourists.
3) The place is garish, like an old cabaret that was converted by a blind decorator into a restaurant.  There's even a stage inside.  Just doesn't work.
Overall, I wouldn't go back.  Not even if the service charge went away.I kind of felt like a tourist coming to this place and standing in line bc that's all the people were standing around me. Don't get me wrong, I am definitely about the tourists, please - spend money in NOLA, we need it and we appreciate you!
I just hate waiting in line. There's so many good places to eat so I don't like to wait too long. However, that being said, this place had about 10 ppl in front of me and the line was only 15 min long.
I really wanted to come here bc I was craving chicken and waffles and it didn't disappoint. it wasn't amazing, but it was pretty frigging good and only $11. it takes 20 minutes from when you order it but would still get it. this dish at fat hen is $17. there's a chicken and waffles place but it's in the east. 
ordered the pecan praline pancakes. it was more like butterscotch and coconut pancakes, pretty friggin good. great batter. but don't expect praline. good sized, we ordered this and 3 people shared it as a side.
i'll come back in line, even if i have to wait.I thought based on the wait time this was going to be an amazing breakfast. It started off well but slowly turned into a negative experience. My eggs came and I asked for them soft scrambled with cheese and onions. They didn't give me the onions the eggs weren't quite scrambled properly and they over charged me for the cheese. 
Then the waffles and wings were just ok. The wings weren't quite cooked well for me a little red in the inside. The waffles were just ok. 
Finally they don't do any substitutions or split checks at all which makes no since in 2017. They also included a 20% tip and there were only 3 of us. Needless to say I will not be visiting this restaurant again. No happy with the server telling me sorry I don't make the rules.They have good food I won't take that away from them but the service is where they drastically need help.... And unfortunately they won't get better because the owner is the issue and she is setting the example. We waited for 45 minutes for a table and then were told that we couldn't be seated until our entire party was there ( we were missing one person, who was literally 5 minutes away).  We asked if we could be seated and have a coffee and that he was coming, she made it such a big issue and told us that everywhere in New Orleans had this rule ( we haven't been to a single restaurant yet where this has been the case ). We told her we would eat somewhere else since she wouldn't seat us, she proceed to get upset and slam the door yelling " fine then!"  She made it seem like there were no other amazing restaurants other than her own, she is drastically mistaken! Good food is not the only criteria for a good restaurant.Y'all - Roe's Breakfast has been changed. It's totally different now. There's no explanation why  Because of that, even though the food is good, and the owner's attitude doesn't warrant me going out of my way to visit. Roe's breakfast had the power to change your foodie life, even with the attitude of its creator. Its so heartbreakingly depressing it's gone! So will I. Goodbye Red Gravy!Hearing about all the food in New Orleans, I couldn't be more excited to eat everywhere. I'm so glad Red Gravy was one of them. I had a mushroom omelet with grits as a side and it was absolutely amazing. My boyfriend had the omelette with meatball, ricotta and their red gravy sauce. Best omelette I've ever tasted. As good as mine was, I was wishing I ordered his.
The service there was great. Extremely helpful with their menu and on top of it told us of other great places to eat and visit. If I ever come back to this city, I'm definitely coming back to eat here.This place was a late night find and it was yummy! It's all fresh made pasta, the even offer GF pasta which is also fresh made. Pretty much everything is from scratch and you can tell... We had four people, I had the Bolognese and it was very good. Not sure why but my serving was quite small, it was the only meal that was this way. The other three had Lasagna (HUGE and delicious), A fish dish over mashed potatoes (don't remember the name but he loved it) and the pasta dish similar to Alfredo. All was very good... The men I was with complained about the lack of protein choices and that our server didn't adequately explain the menu... I think he must have been new. But the food was good.Found this place when the wait time for Ruby Slipper was unbearable.  Cute and cozy little brunch spot.  A bit overpriced. Chicken and waffles were excellent.We were glad to find a brunch reservation here during JazzFest, and a live musician playing inside.  We enjoyed typical brunch items, though I had a particularly good shrimp and grits (said by a non-connoisseur). However, we were really surprised when the bill came that the brunch items my friends had ordered from their special menu - again, typical items - were around $20 each, $5+ more than the regular items on the menu. When the price is consistently higher, it seems like that should be more transparent.Delicious red gravy which is more like a marinara than a gravy! The omelette with meatballs and ricotta was awesome. Sicilian potatoes had delicious veggies mixed in with roasted potatoes. Intimate very Italian ambiance. Would eat here again next trip!Benedict Cordon Bleu hit the spot with a biscuit on the side..worth the wait.Neat little place for breakfast/brunch. Stumbled across it. The food was good, but not anything I couldn't make at home...but, I'm not home, I'm in NOLA, so it was good! The atmosphere was great and the staff was very friendly...which makes all the difference! Enjoyed it!We had a great breakfast at Red Gravy. I usually don't think of meatballs for breakfast but we had them and they were terrific. The sauce of course was wonderful. I also had a great omelet that was perfectly cooked. Roseann, the owner and our server were very friendly and welcoming. All in all an excellent experience.Was a great little spot that we stumbled on for breakfast. The food was amazing and the atmosphere was cozy!Being from New Jersey, I know good Italian food and stumbling upon this gem was the best experience in NOLA yet. The chef is Italian and from New Jersey so I had I expectations. The breakfast was out of this world especially the praline pancakes, a great southern styled dish and the smash balls, Italian meatballs seared on a flat iron, were out of this world. I highly recommend this place to everyone visiting the city!Terribly rude owner, lackadaisical service. Wish I got to eat there but after waiting 20 min and not getting a table for two even though multiple tables were open for lunch I walked away.  Heard food was good but won't be treated poorly multiple times when there are tons of great restaurants in the city.Small place, but the food was tasty. We were able to slip in for breakfast. Tried to go to the Ruby Slipper on Magazine St., but there was a line wrapped around the building.
Red Gravy ended up being a delightful surprise. My dad had the Sicilian egg in a puff pastry, my husband chicken and waffles, our son a kid's pancake, and I enjoyed a Garden District breakfast. Nice preserves too - blueberry/basil and strawberry/vanilla. One thing though - no substitutions. You can add on items though.Came for brunch on a Saturday around 11:45. I was seated right away in the interesting & slightly funky dining room. Great atmosphere and a totally different breakfast experience! The menu combines Italian staples like meatballs & marinara (red gravy) with baked goods, eggs, pancakes, etc. I wasn't sure if it would work but my meal was great! Service was prompt & friendly (including the owner/hostess). If you're looking for a standard breakfast under $10 this is not the place. But if you want something different, prepared & presented well and a nice atmosphere, give Red Gravy a try. I'll be coming back!Great little find. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. We ordered a plain breakfast which was good but their gritz made it great! Buttery and flavorful! The meatball sandwich was tasty with two huge meatballs which were perfection and just the right amount of sauce to top it off. Extremely convenient to the JW Marriott.I would like to start out by saying how wonderful the food and ambience was! This restaurant was very close to our hotel and we had been wanting to try it, and I will say that we weren't not disappointed where our meal and server was concerned. 
The hostess that sat us was neither cheery nor pleasant. We were a party of seven and the restaurant is a smaller location. You could tell that she was put out at having to accommodate our large party. But our server was very friendly, helpful, and provided his honest opinion of the menu and the restaurant's background. He really was great!
However, at the end of our meal, we got the check and there was a 20% required gratuity added on to our bill! We then noticed that this is required for parties of five or more. We were not notified of this prior to seating. Our server was wonderful, so this was a nonissue, but it still left me with a bad taste in my mouth. I understand that large parties require more attention, but if the server doesn't do their job, the customer should have the right to give the amount of tip that reflects their experience. No business should force customers to pay for horrible service or reward bad employees. Again, our server was perfect, so fortunately this wasn't an issue at all. He was well worth the 20% gratuity. 
This is where the restaurant loses stars. Upon leaving the restaurant, we were all exiting but one of our party went back to the table to grab something that was left behind. He is ten years old, and we wanted to keep an eye on him. I was holding the door open so I wouldn't lose sight of him, and the hostess from earlier approached me and instructed me to close the door. I politely told her that one of our party was on their way out (he was right behind her), and she ignored me and rudely told me that the door needed to be closed. She was unpleasant when speaking to us and gave me attitude when I explained he was only a child. As soon as he was out the door, she immediately closed it in our faces. I turned around and felt as though I had been pushed out the door and was unwelcome after spending quite a bit of money. That is why this rating is so low, if she hadn't been so rude, then my experience wouldn't have been so awful. 
Despite this, the food was excellent and so was our server!I hate writing these kinds of reviews.  I am all about the food, so I will overlook a lot of bad as long as the food is worthwhile.  Well, the See You Next Tuesday that runs this place ruined a perfectly good breakfast place for us.  We had a group of 7 of us from the office in town for a conference.  We were staying at the JW Marriot, right next door.  One of the group raved about how good this place was and we were all pretty excited to grab breakfast our first morning in town.
The owner/manager went above and beyond to make the dining experience as miserable as she could.  She would not seat us together, she would not allow us to use an empty table next to us, she dripped with sarcasm and rudeness, she deliberately avoided taking our orders (people all around us were being waited on and served), and she must have sat on our order ticket because it took forever to get our food, and so forth.  
Yeah, yeah, we should have just left and not dealt with her.  Like I said, I tend to forgive a lot if the food is good.  I was assured it was good, and to her credit, everything we had was delicious.  Nevertheless, the hassles and headaches we endured forced us to explore New Orleans further for our breakfast spots, and I am so glad we did.  Shout out to Stanley!Divine!!! Let there be no mistake, red gravy and meatballs for breakfast can be a little odd - but people eat pizza and steak and eggs elsewhere! This place is so good! The Roe's breakfast is eggs your way, topped on bread with sliced meatballs and finished with red gravy. Their sides are usually grits or rosemary potatoes (never been when it's something different), and I would strongly urge the grits. Don't come visit and get the plane Jane breakfast (no offense to the CBD or garden district choices)! Try the Roe's or egg pie, the pancakes, or daily specials! The only reason for the minus star is sometimes the owner comes off as rude - they way things are handled are off setting and the great food doesn't necessarily cover that up. For example, a group of people were waiting and had starbucks with them. At least give them the courtesy of telling them that they can't bring outside beverages in (which I also acknowledge is inconsiderate) when they reserve instead of when they are being seated. They had to go back outside and finish hurriedly. Every time they wait until you are being seated to mention some quirky requirement.Twilight zone. We tried three different times to eat dinner here. They are only open thurs - sat nights. Not that this is on the window, or easily found on the website. We were flexible (on vacation, you know). So when I called at 6p and asked if they could take our party of five, they said with a reservation, not until 8p. I asked if they could take us as a walk in within 15 minutes - that would be better was the reply I got. When we arrived at 6.10p, the doors were still locked, sign said closed, and workers inside literally came to the front and turned off the lights - without even making eye contact with us through the glass. Bizarro. We decided we were trying way too hard to have dinner here. Walked back to our hotel for a sweater. On way past restaurant to another restaurant in the French Quarter, lights were back on. Twilight zone. Too many other good restaurants to deal with this. And other reviews are hilarious. I bet this owner self-combusts.This is our first time in New Orleans and the Red Gravy  was our second choice of places to eat. Not anymore it will always be our first choice.  I had the BEST gluten free lasagna I have ever had not only that I had a choice of 7 different gluten free desserts. I chose pear rum nut bundt cake which was divine.  The staff was excellent and knowledgeable about gluten I highly recommend the Red Gravy.My expectations of this place started off high with the adorable New Orleans Italian name. For those who aren't aware, New Orleanians (including Italian New Orleanians) call marinara sauce "Red Gravy."
These expectations were lowered when I called ahead to see if the restaurant could do anything special for my boyfriends birthday and I was barked at for "waiting too long to request this type of service" and "should've told them earlier." 
The wait staff is polite, yet overwhelmed. There's no hostess despite having a dire need. When our antipasti appetizer plate arrived. The server didn't describe or note the name of the meat or cheese, even though we opted to have the chef select them, making us clueless. When we inquired about them, he was unsure. 
They served the birthday guest an incorrect dish. My plate was basically a baked piece of cheese (pictured). All in all, don't waste your time.had lunch here today and split a pasta carbonna with my boyfriend. $20 is a bit high for a pasta dish plus they charged us a service fee for the split. the pasta was delicious but not enough to want to go back.  I had a mimosa and they charge $9.00 for cheap champagne and a splash of OJ. Total rip-off!  if I want to spend $60 bucks on lunch (includes tip), the Italian Barrel is better choice.Horrible experience here, first we wait 45mins on a slow Sunday, then our party of 4, (2 adults & 2 children) get passed up by two different parties of 5 due to them being able to accommodate 5 at the moment, mind you that we had our names on the wait list 20 mins before these parties even asked to be listed. This is a pathetic display of customer service.We happened on the Red Gravy because an Italian themed restaurant by a well known chef had a two hour wait.  The red gravy was wonderful.  Both of us had pasta with the red gravy and were very happy.  It is a small quiet space and just far enough away from the French Quarter to make you wonder if you are really in New Orleans.  Thanks Roseann for sharing the gravy!This is my favorite Italian restaurant. Best bread ever and their lasagna is second to none. 5 stars. Wine list expectable!!!! Don't just take my word. Take a bite of that hot home made Italian bread and you will melt. YummyWe were looking for a place to brunch. There was no waiting line at red gravy and the waitress got us started with coffee and water. 
They had mothersday specials including french toast and eggs, which was excellent.  Also, their grits are the best i ever tasted. Also thumbs up for the laid back atmosphere.I had heard some chatter on TripAdvisor about Red Gravy, but never was in the area to test it out. Recently my mom and her friend were in town for a conference and staying at the Sheraton. They suggested we try out Red Gravy for brunch on Saturday because it was across the street. I was a bit skeptical of the place before walking in, but what a good suggestion it turned out to be! The restaurant is small and only serves breakfast and lunch. It has a cute and homey décor and the staff is very friendly. You order at the counter and they call out your number when it is ready. We shared two breakfast items between the three of us and it was more than enough food. We split a variation of an Eggs Benedict served on a large toasted slice of French bread and a super large breakfast sandwich that had egg and a delicious sausage, onions, and pepper mixture. I would definitely like to stop back in and try the meatballs and red gravy. 
Overall: Friendly, cozy establishment before you get to the Quarter to pick up a good breakfast or lunch.This was hands down one of the rudest encounters of my life, and the food was just mediocre. I never write rude reviews on here, usually because even good places have bad days, but today at Red Gravy was terrible! I searched for a "kid friendly," "good for groups" place for lunch, and Red Gravy popped up. The chef was immediately rude because I had my 2, very well behaved children with me, then the waitress got an attitude because we only ordered 2 entrees for 3 people. My kids are 1 and 5, they could share. If my kids were wild, or I wasn't looking for somewhere good to eat, I would NOT have gone in. I can honestly say I will NEVER go back again!!It's a cozy little restaurant. But they give you little food to match. I ordered home fries and recieved six cubes of potatoes. The turkey consisted of two thinnly sliced pieces of turkey breast. Food is decent. But New Orleans has too much of a selection to chose this spot.I had the Sicilian Egg Pie which was very good.  My only complaint was its a little pricey for what you get.  My wife had chicken wings and waffles.  The two entrees and three cocktails came to around $75.If you are ever in town; this is a place to stop and have brunch. The service was not all that great but the food made up for that. They are too in a hurry to turn over their tables. I would suggest the omelette with meatballs. It is out of this work.Delicious and different. Large portions. Very busy so be patient. It's definitely worth the wait. Our waitress' personality definitely set the tempo. "Goovey"- Director of Fun of Tours Today, recommended this place after booking our Ghost Tour. I'm glad we listened! Definitely coming back!I went to brunch here today with some friends.  Food was good and I cannot wait to try some of the pasta dishes from their regular menu.  They only serve brunch on Saturday.  My friends complained about the service - but in my opinion the service was fine.  This place is very casual and inviting and I felt the prices were very reasonable for the quality of food received.  I had the Eggs Benedict Cordon Blu, my husband had the signature pasta and meatballs and my guests changed their minds a few times so I do not remember what they had now.  I highly recommend this place and will refer my hotel guests here too.I had what may have been the most DELICIOUS breakfast of my entire life here. Unfortunately, we heard about this place very late into our trip to NOLA, so we were only able to visit once. I will definitely make a point to swing by here again the next time I'm in town.Seriously great food.   Server was very attentive.   Food came out quickly.   They handled split checks with a smile (an unfortunate requirement of being on a business traveler).  I'll be back... and back... and back!Wow!! I got the grits with Sausage and red gravy... so good - this might be my favorite meal in NOLA. I wasn't able to switch out my garlic toast (which was great but I wasn't really gunning for it for breakfast) so I added a biscuit with some homemade preserves - I wish I could remember which one (yes, there are OPTONS!) but I think it was vanilla, honey and orange... dear lord was it yum. Our waitress had made it! She was wonderful, too. GO HERE!!!!Stopped in for brunch on a lark. Everything we had was good, but Santa's Breakfast was bomb! Great service, atmosphere and food.If you follow any special diet, be prepared, as they don't allow substitutions. (While I'm generally okay with this in fine dining places or at places that are slammed, it is a little frustrating when the place is half full and I want to remove something from an omelet. but, that's their prerogative.)
Anyway, ordered off of the a la carte menu: 2 eggs over medium, Italian sausage, and hash browns. Bill came to about $12, so it was a little pricey for what it was, but that's also to be expected when you're cobbling something together a la carte.
The eggs were fine, as was the sausage, if a bit salty. The hash browns were not your typical crisp fare, and were instead quartered red potatoes sauteed with some bell peppers and onions. Unfortunately, they were also inedibly salty. After a few bites, I had to stop eating them and start sucking down water.
Service was prompt and efficient, and their set menu looks pretty tasty (I was regretting that I hadn't just tried their polpetta omelet). Unfortunately, I can only judge them off of my experience with their food, and, for the price and delivery of some breakfast basics, I was underwhelmed.Very small, quaint environment. Food was good but for the amount of the bill, I doubt we will return. Customer service was ok, they probably need more help but for as small as the space is, having more servers would get very crowded. We had to sit so close to the other patrons I could smell their shampoo! No private conversations here! The experience wasn't bad,  just not what I am used to.Good food with a unique twist. The service staff was great and the restaurant was cute. However the meal was on the expensive side for breakfast. ($80 for three people to have breakfast!) We were surprised to be greeted by the chef/owner and found her manner a bit sharp. Overall a nice experience but the price tag will probably keep me from returning.Went to Red Gravy last night for dinner. We were greeted immediately by a very friendly staff. Our service throughout the night was very friendly and attentive. My wife and I had the 3 course dinner. The food arrived promptly, at a nice pace and each course was excellent. Chef Ro came out and spoke to us and was very nice. All the food is hand made, organic, locally sourced pasture raised type food. You can taste the difference in the food. The desserts were amazing. The selection of Italian wines was very nice and the overall bill was very reasonable. I thoroughly recommend this restaurant. Right off Canal Street so easy to find.Visited this restaurant twice during the Essence Music Festival weekend July 2014. The first visit went well. Tasty food, awesome server who was very busy (understaffed?), but attentive. During our 2nd visit the following Monday, with a much lighter crowd, we expected about the same. Unfortunately close but no cigar. This time around the owner was decidedly busy and 
snippy. When a group of friends made their way in to gather with a group already seated, the owner refused to let them push tables and sit together in a empty section. The latecomers left. 5 tabs lost.  we also had a couple issues including being charged extra for jam to go on our biscuits. The owner might want to relax a bit and let down home hospitality be her guide or she's going to lose customers in the long term.Great stop for lunch.  The red gravy was excellent.   We ordered the meatball sandwich and added a side of the famous gravy as well as some ricotta to top it all off.  The service was friendly and accommodating.  Parking is somewhat difficult, but the food makes it worth the trouble.They were out of almost everything. Also my friends are gluten free and although they did have gluten free biscuits, the neglected to tell us they were not included in the price of the meal we ordered--they were $10 each! When we asked why we weren't notified of this, the waiter said it was on the menu; however, when he went to look, he couldn't find it written anywhere. Then the owner came over and we tried to reason with her and instead of having a conversation with us, she rudely said, "excuse me" and stormed off never to return. I understand we are college students, but just because we're young customers doesn't mean we aren't worth speaking to. It was just a mediocre plate of eggs with a biscuit. Save yourself the stress, go elsewhere.Sooooo, got back a week ago from New Orleans and while we (9 gal pals) were there, we made the most of our dining options by trying to eat somewhere new for breakfast , lunch and dinner everyday. 
Red Gravy was on our Radar for a Brunch meal. 
Very cozy, very friendly and very tasty. The words Red Gravy is often said by old school Italians.  They don't called it sauce, just so you know. So that being said, it has an Italian flair menu along with some Southern favorites like chicken and waffles. 3 of us ordered the Chicken and Waffles. Another  friend made it very clear that she was not sharing her Pasta and one meatball w/gravy, which I heard was delish! Wouldn't know because she probably would have taken a finger off had my fork attempted to dig into her bowl. No worries though. Not sure what anyone else ordered because I was concentrated on pulling away the crispy chicken skin while exposing the juices oozing from the white meat off my own dish.  Waiter was awesome and friendly. Drinks were tasty, mimosas and all!  
The place is small but it accommodated all of us at a big table. Family friendly as we saw kids eating there too. 
Will be back for sure!!!!The food was very good (rich!) and the service outstanding.  Even though the food was of high quality, it was maybe a little on the pricey side.  Still, you're looking beyond fast food (which seems blasphemous to eat in such a foodie city), it's not unreasonable compared to other restaurants in the area.Very disappointed place. Slow service and overpriced. A pasta without meat is $20 and it took 45 minutes to come. Seriously? I don't understand where the good reviews come from. They charge 20% gratuity ahead of time, so be careful not double tipping.This place is wonderful! The food is a pure treat to experience. The staff is attentive and I love the classic New York attention that the owner gives. I know I know she's from New Jersey but still! She us on the floor talking to the guests making sure everyone is happy. She is genuine and caring about your experience in the restaurant.Excellent brunch. Very friendly/attentive staff, cute ambience, and delicious food. My boyfriend got the praline pancakes, which were amazing. I had the sicilian egg pie which was also good, but I would order the pancakes next time because they were so good!Best cheese & meat board ever 
Garlic bread was to die for 
Bolognese has very homemade flavors 
Saltimboco was the best stuffed with veal, mushrooms & more. 
Very cute,  perfect for a fun casual date 
Only negative for me personally I'd love a domestic beer other than Abita ;) will be back for sureToday's Tip of the Hat goes to the happy little band of locals who run the charming Red Gravy.  Roseann, the proprietress, has a great story, and she tells it in a heartfelt letter that's published in the menu.  Summary: she followed her dream, and started this place that's a testament to her love of good food and family.  Michael, our waiter, was full of genuinely good cheer.  He gave us time.  He was welcoming, and boy oh boy did he have the goods on the food.  His culinary intel was dynamite.  And then there was Spider, a bona fide local (Central Casting could not envision a better New Orleanian) who plays his tenor guitar skillfully and just loud enough that it's a presence with you as you dine, but not overwhelming.  We heard the lilting melodies of When the Saints Go Marching In... due to the fact that the earthly Saints were playing that day.  The music was the perfect accompaniment to life and bustle.  As we left I just simply had to ask the question which I'm sure everyone was thinking but nobody had the guts to ask: why was everyone here so dang nice?  The answer was muffled by some good-natured laughs and aw shucks's.... but then the consensus was that folks were happy to be there.  And it shows.