AAAAAAAH Help!
Broken glass all over the floor and later in my shoes and toe. Girl fight.  Ignored by the bartender because I'm not a dude and she fears I won't tip her.  Ping ponged side-to-side on the way to the bathroom between a sea of spiky haired boys.  In the world's longest bathroom line behind emaciated girls who probably just graduated from high school.
Big mistake. Total time spent here: 9 minutes. Never again.This place is one of me "go tos" every time I hit NOLA.  You'd probably walk by it 5 times and never give it a second glance, and quite honestly, if you walk in you may still have second thoughts given its fairly "rustic" appearance. But I promise you, you'll be happy you ordered lunch. The Mammoth (2patty) burger is a real two gander and the flame licked flavor of the beef is awesome. Probably one of my top ten burgers in the country. If you're in town for a convention, it's about 5 mins from the Morial center.We had a grilled chicken sandwich and a grilled tuna sandwich. They were great. Absolutely excellent french fries. And, the broccoli bites would've been a great meal all by themselves, simply amazing.Teeming with saucy Va-J-J from 10-4 friday and saturday night.  As the above member stated the "grill" refers only to how sizzling hot the girls are.  Bring your dancing shoes, because even white boys (think they) can dance at the red eye. 
Make sure you get a spot by the AC because it gets steamy in there.   Steer clear of the "hedgehog-hair" patrons because they generally smell/look cheesy and are easily ignitable. 
Not a "drink and chill" bar, but not a fancy pants guido club either.  Nice medium of "Drankin and dancin"This place is boss.  It's a dive bar with cool bartenders.  Service is great, prices are cheap.  Don't let these other reviews deter you from hitting up a solid dive bar.Really good food, somewhat forgetful waiter but super nice! I had the burger with roast beef and it was great, I'm writing this 2 weeks after I ate it and the taste is still in my head. The signature barbecue oysters were really good too. The table of 4 all had similar comments, and we all had different things, cant remember what they had but it was all good here!This place is SO GREAT. 10/10 would recommend. Anyone who has given this less than five stars DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO HAVE FUN.The food was...okay. The beer is bottled (thank god). Oh and the cockroaches are the size of small cats. Very dirty... I won't go backBar fights, cops, dangerous people with guns.  That was this bar last night.  People screaming 'come at me bro' at 3:30am until cops get there around 4.  After cops left more of same bullshit until the shirtless 'bro' bouncers loudly started wheeling out the trash cans.  Obnoxious bar for obnoxious people.  Wish they controlled their crowdsI totally agree with Mikey D.'s review of this place. Stopped in for some dancing on my way back to my hotel after a concert at Howlin' Wolf. I'm in my late 20's and I immediately felt old. I was definitely in frat-party territory. Ahh well, my friend and I had had a few drinks, and we felt like dancing, so we decided to stay and hang out for a while. 
Music was also frat-tastic with new pop songs mixed with drunk-dancing classics like Madonna and Michael Jackson. One college boy immediately began dancing with the two of us. What do you mean by this, you ask? He'd take turns spinning us each around. We actually had a ton of fun dancing with him, even though we later wondered if he and his friends spent the rest of the night joking about his attempt at having a threesome with the old ladies!
So, back ton Mikey D.'s comments, what you think of this place depends on what you're looking for. If it's cool atmosphere and indie music, go elsewhere. If it's some bumpin' and grindin' and pop culture, stop here. I'd consider going back if I was in the right frame of mind. I probably wouldn't make it a destination stop, but if I was bitten by the dancing bug, was in the area, and wanted a self-esteem boost from a younger boy, I just might stop on in!Service was slow, I believe our waiters were probably new and/or undertrained. the food was delicious but I believe it was overpriced for what we gotThe service here for food is awful. This might be an okay place to drink if you don't mind the grumpy and condescending bar staff.Place charged me twice on my credit card! Be aware and don't use your card here!! Also the place is small but I like it. Good music and you run into alot of people you know.The food is good but Greg is better. All around fantastic mixologist. Would recommend 12/10As much as I wouldn't enjoy going there now, when I was in college, I loved this place. Beer, Dancing, and LSU are the name of the game. If you are in college and looking to get toally messed up and maybe make some bad decisions about where/whom with you find youself in the morning, this is you place.Awesome spot to each lunch. Fresh and delicious food. Fresh fries everytime I eat there and that is a huge deal. That doesn't happen anywhere else. Great sandwiches and atmosphere. People are nice, beer is cold.Ohhhh....ohhhhh....mah gawd.....the cook SNEEZED over two plates of food without covering his mouth and nose! Did not even turn away and sneeze into the crook of his arm. I witnessed this, and spoke up and said "You are sneezing over the food, cover your mouth!" and was IGNORED by him and the three other people behind the bar. No "I'm sorry," no reprimand. I feel sorry for whoever those burgers were intended for!
That's a wrap, folks!This is a dive bar. If you can accept it, then it's a good place to hang out. Their food is not great, but good enough. I like to come here early to drink a few beers and some unhealthy food. It gets loud and crowded late. That's when I usually leave.OK.... Red Eye is a little.... trashy. BUT! It does not stop you and your friends from having a great time. There are a lot of booths to sit in and hang out. Drinks are also pretty reasonable and they have a good variety of options, but, do not expect fancy mixes or glassware here. 
Red Eye is great is you need a place to start off before you go to the Republic, or, if you and your freinds just want to have a crazy night dancing late into the night to a variety of interesting popular music.Food is excellent. Why the 2 star review?  Never know if they are open or not!  Tried to eat there 5-6 times in last 2 months.  Either closed for private parties (I can understand that)-just randomly closed....or tonight they were open but "just cleaned grill not ready to serve"  uh...its 7pm.  Just trying to get a damn burger there!  Never again.  A 16 year Customer is DONE.Great place for lunch .... One of the better turkey burgers I've had in a minute.... But it works ... And FYI great jukebox selection too !!!!!This place was recommended to us by a friend for a great place to dance.  
Hardly.  About 15 people there when we walked in at midnight on a Sat.  We called ahead to ask about the music, and were told the Dj was spinning a mixed selection, yet when we got there we saw no Dj, unless they were referring to the jukebox.
We ordered 1 round of beers and started a tab.  That's when I noticed the sign high on the wall stating all cards were charged a $75 pre-authorization charge.  So, despite paying for our $9 tab in cash, my card was charged $75, which has still not been removed 3 days later.
The bartender should have told us about the charge before we started the tab.  I don't think we'll be back.Red Eye is a place where you could definitely have some fun if you grab all your friends and your dancing shoes. 
Drink specials can help you keep the tab down and there's never any space to eat so you don't have to worry about ordering food. Tulane Medical has had some events here and it's fun spilling your beer all over the place and getting elbowed by youngins. But, it's just not my favorite place. The music can be shoddy- ranging from rap/hiphop and then to 80's chant songs. There's just not enough consistency. You get into the song, you're dancing, and then all of a sudden 'foot loose' comes on (which everyone loved btw). I think it's a place that I would enjoy a lot more if I was significantly drunk. 
I like being able to drive (or have someone else drive) and most places in NOLA i've found parking easily but Red Eye presents a challenge in that department. 
No cover charge is a plus.Go to this place for the sole entertainment value of seeing how fucked up(drunk&stoned, but very happy and nice) everyone working here is.  I was amazed they could pull it together to make the food.  The lady working the bar was cool and even got to see a cook walk by and slap her ass hard.  It was a good laugh.  Food was decent bar food.Local bar bar in New Orleans... that's a good thing... uh... there isn't much else good to say about this place. It's dark, dirty, and the music is TERRIBLE. When I mean terrible, I mean they play celine dion at 12am and 1am... (not every time, but I've had this experience often enough to mention it). Not exactly what I'm in the mood to listen to when I'm drinking and still going at midnight or later. But, if you're in the goofy/silly mood and want to make fun of some ridiculous music choices, it can be fun.Make it stop make it stop make it stop!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I wanted out of here as soon as I walked in (and would have never done so willingly if I were not on the John and Larissa bar crawl). Expect to be violated by the eyes of others. Personally, I don't allow myself to be a victim, I'm just sayin'...
I realize I'm not Red Eye's female demographic in that I don't have a fake tan, nor do I wear neon mini dresses. Nor do I enjoy standing at a bar waiting for a drink amongst the Coors Light-drinking masses. Nor am I ever, and never have been, "out on the make." Hey, if that's you, this place is right up your alley and my one star magically turns into five. You might even be inspired to join in some nasty uncoordinated gyration on the dance floor, while you're at it. Enjoy!The place is dirty, the floor and bar top hadn't been so much as wiped down in ages. The fact that they allow smoking alone earns them an instant one star rating, but even if they decided to see the light and ban smoking on the premises they wouldn't rate more than a two.
Probably could stand the ministrations of the health department from the look of the place, it's just filthy.Wandered in early in the morning looking for some food. Idk why but I went for the chili cheese fries for breakfast and they were damn good! Cheap, yummy and they have the old arcade game Galaga which made me happy!Pretty much exactly what you expect what a Dive bar in New Orleans would be. I'm here with a convention in town, so they had a huge lunch rush. Food took a little longer, but to be fair it was VERY busy. Lunch special isn't bad. I had the alligator sausage sandwich. A little bit too salty for my taste. But otherwise the flavor was good. The cleanliness of the place left something to be desired though. Like I said, Dive bar in New Orleans. I got my food to go, but if I had to pick one word to describe the inside, it would be ...sticky.A great little dive bar, good service and great tuna steak burgers!Not my usual cup of tea...
When the Red Eye opened it was more of a diner, right? Or am I hallucinating that? And then it became a throw back dance club bar where you should NEVER where your good shoes since some drunky is going to pour a drink on you anyway.
My youngest brother told me tonight that you shouldn't even try to go here if you're over 30. Oops...messed that one up.
So the drinks are basic and the floor is sticky, but there was some awesome people watching. And I got to see a drunk girl try to pick a fight with a bouncer so that was amusing.  
I guess if it's what you're into then wooooo!It's good food for a good price. I got broccoli bites and chicken club. The chicken club was one of the best I had in a long time. A big piece of lean meat with a side of fries. Bathroom can be cleaner, other than that a great place to eat.My co-workers and I had an itch for fried foods one day. So I pretty much ordered everything fried on the menu. Jalapeno bites, fries, onion rings, chicken tenders .. If you're on a fried foods kick .. this place will definitely give you your fix!!This is the biggest late night crowd to be found in the Warehouse District and they party til the wee hours of daylight the next day.  I generally don't find this to be a very enjoyable bar as it is crammed like a sardine can in here on the weekends.  If the crowd happens to be a lot of hot women that could be a potential fun sardine can but my last several visits there have seemed to be more dudes in here ruining the ratio.  
The music is usually so loud I can't even remember what type of music they play as I can't hear myself think long enough to process what I'm hearing.  The wait for drinks has always been long and irritating to me.  Personally I would put this place at 2 Stars but the sheer number of people drawn here and the fact that they are the main late night spot in the Warehouse merits they get at least 3 Stars.It gets WAY too crowded in here.... 
Don't eat the food unless you're drunk and really hungry.
Don't wear your nice heels because they will come out looking 10 years old.
Do come if you don't give a crap about what you're doing the next day.
Do come if you want to show your out of town friends the grungy side of Nola.
Do come if you like spikey-haired guys.
Do check that there's toilet paper before you enter the stall.
.... that's all I got. The music is ok sometimes...What a crappy little joint.
This grill, which despite it's name offers no obvious evidence of serving food, at least on a Friday night, is little more than a character-lacking college-age meat market.  There's no beer on tap, and the stage, or the one-foot platform tucked away in the corner, has been used to host an actual live band only once in several years.  In the brief time that I was there, the music level went from decently loud to mildly obnoxiously loud for the number of actual people in the bar.
Two stars because I didn't get any grief while there, despite being about a decade over the median age.
Really, there's no reason to go here.  You're in New Orleans-- go someplace with character or personality.  Nothing about this place stands out; it doesn't even warrant the title of dive bar.This is a low key  beer bar.
It's got a prominent location on Tchoup in the Warehouse District.Got charged $25 for a jack and coke don't trust these guys with your credit card. The food was good. But the $25 charge for a jack and coke is unacceptableDark pub atmosphere. I ordered an alligator sausage at the bar/order station and sat at a table with my big group. Yummy sweet tea, love that sugar. They call you up by name when your food is ready. The sausage was good, flavorful and decently seasoned. I subsituted in onion rings for fries and the rings were completely crispy during the entire meal: I remember being amazed that I could actually take tiny bites through each piece of onion instead of pulling the entire onion interior through the fried batter.This place is great... kind of.  Every established bar fills it's niche.  If you ever want to get so f'd that you feel like getting naked on the sidewalk and doing inappropriate things to a member of the opposite sex (I didn't say non-consensual), than this is the place for you.
The bartenders are great though... yeah, what up Fred!!!I'd like to check in here but closed, with all other signs saying open. Guy says he lost his girl, she had an emergency. Two guys behind the bar couldn't do a little work? Sign out side says eat here or we both starve. Well, I'm not starving today!  So, mr.clean finally answers the phone after hanging up twice, this call from the hotel that recommended them. They were actually closed for a private party. Look dude, just be honest! Not the kind of folks I would recommend anybody do business with.There were people crawling across the bar and also walking behind the bar and taking liquor off the shelves pouring it into their mouths...it was disgusting. I'm scared to drink anything but beer there because I don't know who's mouth has been wrapped around the pour spout...Cheap and a good little bar. Seems like a very young almost underage crowd when we went to visit. Probably because you can be 18 to go to barYikes it's been almost 10years since I made my first appearance at red eye. While I've certainly had my fair share off awesome nights over the years, it's not some place I can frequent anymore. This is where you go when you're feeling nostalgic about your college days and want to dance your ass off!I came here with my fiancée for her nursing school semester Christmas party.  Surprisingly, we had a pretty good time, although we didn't stay very late.  We got there at about 7:15 so she could help set up, but we were the first ones there, so we had a couple drinks to kill time.  Our drinks were strong and the bartenders were friendly and conversational.  We then noticed the $5 photobooth and decided to try it out.  We put in our money, took our pictures, retook our pictures because we didn't like the first set, and waited for them to print.  But they didn't.  Instead, we got an error and a phone number to call.  The phone number was disconnected of course, but the bartender gave us our money back, so all was mostly well (except we'd have preferred our pictures over getting our money back).
People began to trickle in for the party in their tacky sweaters and small trays of food.  We talked, we laughed, we sang, we danced, and we watched people dance.  Like I said, we didn't stay very late, but we had a pretty good time.It's really a 5-star or a 1-star establishment depending on your personality, age, college of choice, and most importantly BAC. We'll start with the 5-star grades on the aforementioned metric:
5-star if:
- You're in your early to mid twenties
- Single or unfaithful (Looking to Score)
- Go to or love LSU
- BAC is somewhere between .1 & pissing your pants
- Like booty shakin' new hip hop songs mixed with 80s
1-star if:
- You're a Democrat
- Go to Tulane
- BAC low enough that you still have the sense of smell (the place reeks)
- Love hearing obscure indie rock or live music when you go out
Love it or hate it, there's few better places if you're in the mood to get silly and wild with some youngsters in the wee hours of the morning (12:30 - 3:00 am is best time).  
IMPORTANT: 
-Don't expect to want to wear any of your clothes again after going in here (best not to even look at the floor). 
-If it's getting REAL hot, there's a giant fan in middle/back of the bar to cool things down.
-Hidden back entrance for scandalous getawaysLove this place!!  First time in NOLA stumbled into this place.  Lucky me because the cook/bartender were SUPER friendly!!!!!  Chill place!!  Food is great!!! Sure place to have a great time and unwind!!!!This is my all around favorite bar, my go to. I left my bra here and worried I lost it forever, but thankfully it was on display when I came back!! Happy to call if homeThe bald security Harris was very disrespectful and escorted me out of the club. when I was enjoying my night and spending money at the bar, the disrespect And harassment I felt was unforgivable. I have never been treated the way I was treated by the security guard I was not heavily intoxicated for them to have put there hands on me and use the derogatory names they were calling me.  I suggest anyone deciding to visit this venue to avoid it at all cost there are better venues in New Orleans. Any other bar in the city is better then this bar. To add to the experience they did not check ids at all and there was an abundance of underaged drinking happening.Came in for three to-go orders during a slow time during last Thursday's lunch. Nothing complicated, no one ahead of me, and a couple of large groups ordered afterward. All got served before my orders came up. I inquired, and was told --rudely-- "It's coming". Another 10-15 minutes go by, I ask again. The manager shouted to the waitress, "give him his money back". I took it and left. No great loss, as I'd had an unremarkable grilled chicken sandwich there earlier in the week. Only advantage to the place is it was close to my meeting's hotel. I won't be back, and told everyone in our large group staying at the Marriott next door to AVOID this place. Hope you will too.This is strictly a review of Red Eye as a venue for special events, not a review on the bar itself: I have personally never been to Red Eye on a lonely night, so every time I have been here was for some special party or event. And, I have enjoyed each and every single time I have been here. 
Not only is this place quite cheap to rent out, it is smack dabbed in the middle of the Warehouse and business district. So after a night of drinking and dancing, if you have the energy, you can hit the night clubs or the casino, or just have a nice walk along the river with your date.
The bar itself is very casual, nothing fancy, nothing special or unique about it. The service is  good, but that's it. So don't expect anything spectacular from this place. However, it's a heck of a place to dance with friends, and the location is great.I haven't been here in awhile, but oh have I been here a great deal in my past - mostly to my chagrin.  Needless to say this is a "students-dense" venue.  Not to say I haven't had a tolerable time here once or twice but usually it just feels a a bit too "Greek" for my tastes . . . 
The drinks are pretty strong and affordable so you can imagine how this place can get in the later hours.  Writhing sweaty bodies - yeah it's like that.  Also it would do you well to hoover above the toilets ladies . . . it can get pretty ridiculously vile. 
Given that I'm a bit of an old fart and I like my places a little less chaotic, I can't say I'm ever planning to return here.I work in the area so my coworker & I wanted to place an order to go since we only have a 30 minutes lunch break.
We called this place about 30 times for about 15 minutes (between 2 phones) and no one answered!
I am so disappointed because I wanted to try this place, as it WOULD have been my first time, but now I do not care to even give my money to a business who can't pick up their phone.I was in New Orleans for a convention and this bar was right next to our hotel - which did NOT have a bar.  That made the Red Eye our favorite hang out each night.  Good bar food - lots of alcohol and even though we were a large group of older business folks (who like to drink - and eat) the staff made us feel as though we were locals and good friends.  This was pre-Katrina and I have not been back to New Orleans since, but always wondered how they survived.  I still have my Red Eye Grill t-shirt which, when worn to an after hours business function - signals my coworkers, that I am in the mood for a lot of drinking and a good time!
Glad to see they are still around - looking forward to a return visit someday.