The menu is fantastic and it was hard to choose. In the end, I didn't have a huge appetite and was looking just for a small meal, so I had one sweet potato pancake and a side of scrambled eggs which set me back well under $10 which I think is amazing for a midday meal as a tourist! I love it when restaurants have ala cart menu items and I will definitely be back! Plus it was delicious....While on vacation we had just finished a Garden Tour (Free Tours by Foot - AWESOME!) and decided to take a walk on Magazine Street to check out some stores and have lunch.  With so many places to choose from we had decided on Red Dog Diner and it was a GREAT choice !  
The menu is your standards with a different twist to each item which I like in restaurants. You can tell the menu is well thought out and homemade with fresh ingredients also affordable.  The cocktails like Bloody Mary was really interesting and delicious.  
For lunch we had Duck Diablo and Tasso Shrimp and Grits.  We sat outside which was nice to do some people watching. 
Great Stop!Wow what a great experience for our party of 9. Service and food were spectacular. Everyone tried something different and not a dud in the group. I had the Patty Melt which was awesome. Everything was from scratch and totally legit. Everyone commented that it was one of our best meals in NOLA which is saying something. Thanks to the team there for a great last night in NOLA.Sweet Potato Pancakes were amazing . I didn't even need syrup ! The bacon was thick cut and delicious ! The Grits were like none I had ever had . It came out hot and fresh ! Also tried the Biscuits and Gravy with Chow Chow and Eggs . They were good . The Chow Chow was amazing . Everyone else's plates looked delicious as well . Doesn't seem like you can really go wrong here !Amazing! We had the ahi tuna crisps, meat balls and Mediterranean plate for lunch and all were top notch, fresh and perfectly seasoned.Stopped in for lunch and the service and food were awesome!! I highly recommend the Turkey sandwich.This is one my favorite places to have breakfast.  Great food and the pancakes are the bomb.Best eggs benedict I've ever had!!!   So great.  And amazing service.  I will be back for waffles next time.Enjoyed the patty melt while my fiancé got the bbq chicken pizza. Loved the shoe string fries. The pizza was good but didn't have toppings over the entire pie. We found 3 good size chicken bones on top the pizza too. The service was disappointing. We had to ask for everything we needed. I would suggest to go not at a peak time? All and all...all the food was pretty good and I'd return if I ever come back to Nola.We came here for brunch, as it was recommended by one of the artists in the neighborhood art market.  The atmosphere is very casual and cozy, and the staff is really nice.  There is patio seating in the front, outdoor seating in the back and a small dining area inside.  
I had the blue crab eggs benedict and my boyfriend has the sweet potato and bacon pancakes.  The blue crab eggs benedict were really, really good!  And it's a lot of food, which is good for sharing.  The lumps of crab meat was obvious and very succulent and delicious.  I also liked that the english muffins were soft and warm, which made it easy to cut into.  And the runny yolks from the poached eggs added to the flavor of the artichoke hearts, spinach and hollandaise sauce.  I also had a side of cajun potatoes, which were good, but was unnecessary since my meal was hearty enough.  The sweet potato pancakes with thick bacon was a large size, too.  But the maple syrup and powdered sugar was heavily layered on, making the pancakes way too sweet and not being able to taste the sweet potato flavor.  Yet the staff was happy to replace it without any syrup and sugar after my boyfriend politely complained.  
Overall, it's worth trying if you're in the area, as the crab eggs benedict were awesome, and the people are chill.My fiance and I visited New Orleans this past weekend. We decided to take a Garden District tour at 11:30, so our hunt for a delicious brunch spot close to the tour began.
Red Dog Diner was an excellent find, about a ten or so minute walk from Lafayette Cemetery where the tour started. It was small and very quaint- perhaps a little smaller and a little quainter than I would have liked, thus making it rather uncrowded (to be fair, we went on a Friday morning), but certainly beats waiting in a line out the door for a tourist trap that doesn't deliver in quality.
The food was outstanding. I ordered the huevos rancheros (pictured) and my fiancee ordered the sweet potato pancakes. I don't think either of us took a breath or even looked up at each other for the first half of the meal- we just inhaled everything. The portions were pretty large but not overwhelming, the perfect amount for a few-hour walking tour. I wish we would have eaten there for lunch or dinner, too.
The only reason I personally would knock one star off is because they didn't have any drink specials on their brunch menu, nor did the space appear to be able to accommodate for large parties since it was quite small. I'm not sure this is the place to go for a group, but for the boy and I, it was perfectly fine.One of the top 2 meals during out trip. Went in for breakfast and we were the only table there, and 1 person at the bartop. I had shrimp and grits and my husband had eggs Benedict. Ammmazing. Hot fresh and perfectly cooked. Friendly service. Go go goService sucks...Sam only cares about a table of young women. Don't know about the food because it took so long to have our order taken.Their bloody mary was one of the best I had while in New Orleans!Stopped in for lunch.  Breakfast is served until 2pm.  It was crowded, but we were seated right away.  Shrimp and grits were delicious.Had a fabulous dinner tonight with friends.  We started with the fromage plate which had a crusted Boursin atop some sort of jam, a bleu cheese tart over marinated beets and arugula, and a pimento cheese with spicy pickles.  We also had the happy hour cocktails and wine as we were working our way up to the main courses.  There were so many tempting choices for the main course, it was hard to decide.  I had the "smallish plate" crispy duck which was not very small and quite delicious.  My husband and friend each had the herb encrusted lamb, which was positively mouth watering.  And my friend's husband had the duck diabo which he raved about.  Our server was great--personable, attentive, and knowledgeable, while also unobtrusive.  I was surprised the place wasn't jam packed, given the quality of the food and the value, but I think it might have more of a reputation as a breakfast/brunch place.  I'll have to try the breakfast, but don't pass it up for dinners!!Wonderful place for brunch! We visited New Orleans for three days and the drinks here are much better than those from bars in French Quarter. I usually don't like mac and cheese but I have to say mac and cheese here changed my mind. Be sure to try a dish with crab. You won't regret.This restaurant is great. The amount of detail that went into the design is fantastic. A lot of time and love went into every detail. At first we thought it was a really small but beautiful little diner but in the back they have a big bar and dining area. If you love a cool restaurant design you will love this place. A local artist has added amazing touches throughout the restaurant that we were in love with.
The staff was very welcoming and gave great service. We felt relaxed and if we lived here would be back all the time.
Food was also great. I wish we could try breakfast and everything on their menu. Unique ideas and well executed. I'm a sucker for pimento cheese and theirs was delish! Also enjoyed the house made pickles that came with. We also tried a salad and pizza which were also amazing. Our family owns a restaurant in Los Angeles and know how hard it can be. You can tell a lot of passion and thought went into this new restaurant in the garden district.I came here for lunch with the friends that I was in town with. We had spent the morning walking around the Garden District and through the St. Louis Cemetery  no.1 on a free tours by foot. And while this wasn't one of the restaurants that our tour guide recommended, it was definitely a good one. 
When we got there, there was a bit of a wait. Per the information the hostess gave us, we understood how far we could walk around and still get buzzed. The time estimate that we were given was about right which is always nice. 
Our waiter was attentive without being intrusive. Two of us ordered our own dishes and two of us shared. I ordered deviled eggs and crab dip for my lunch. This was just the right amount of food given how hot it was outside and how not hungry I was. I wish we had come back as there were many options that I wanted to try.Love the vibe and the food. Can't go wrong with anything! Hubby gets the john smith breakfast sandwich and I try something new each time we go. So far I've enjoyed the corned beef hash the most.Discovered this place after being quoted an hour and a half wait at a competitor down the street. Really glad we stopped in. Like so many places in NOLA, something strange but welcoming awaits at every corner. This place is "doggie" themed and offers some amazing brunch items but also lunch during our visit. Sat at the bar and received excellent service. Noticed there is also a cool bar in the back that is somewhat hidden unless you know its there or use the bathroom. I would highly recommend this place to anyone in strolling down Magazine Street while in NOLA.The shrimp and grits breakfast was amazing. Their Bloody Mary was very good and the atmosphere super friendly. Would definitely recommend stopping here if you're in town.When I walked in wasn't sure I could still get breakfast.... it was 2:00 pm the server said I could do I did..... THE CORN-BEEF DISH WAS FAB... banana pudding was also insane 
STAFF WAS SUPER AWESOME 
ITS A MUST GO TO EATOur new favorite neighborhood joint.  Great food that's different but not pretentious, especially the steak wedge salad.  Great decor in the back, great service, wine on tap so it's always fresh by the glass.   It's an undiscovered gem.Sooooo good. Definitely an amazing brunch place. Would have been 5 stars but it's on the pricey side.Absolutely amazing! From start to finish, they blew it out of the park. The beautiful finishings, the lovely  waitresses and waiters, the fab menu and perfect location make this place a gem. The drink menu is eclectic and robust, I ordered a glass of rose (on tap!) and the shrimp and grits. The shrimp and grits were delicious, rich and creamy, and perfectly portioned. I tried my friends curry cauliflower omelette and wow, I will now forever be trying to recreate this dish in my own kitchen. Prices were reasonable, the wait wasn't too long and we were able to make a day out of exploring the surrounding area.I went there yesterday with my husband and it was amazing. The atmosphere was so cozy and had a great blues playing. The details of the wood on the decoration, the structure of the bar in the back and the benches gave a such great personality to the place. We got some crab and corn deep fried appetizers, eggplant stuffed shells and shrimp with fried green tomatoes. Everything was awesome! Super recommend this place! Plus, staff is very friendly! I cant wait to come back and try their breakfast/brunch.Discovered this place today. Crab and bacon dip was sooo good! Awesome. I had the duck waffles and it was good but watch out for the spicy syrup. Still feeling the burn. The server was super nice. Very upbeat! Decor is so cute. They have a dining area in the back as well so don't let the small front fool you. Plenty of room.Terrific brunch. Bloody Mary's were good and spicy. Eggs Sardo were delicious. Unfortunately,  my order was not brought out and had to cancel it. But the biscuits order and sharing my wife's order was plenty.I was very pleased with my experience at Red Dog. I sat outside and the atmosphere was very relaxed. The staff were attentive and very friendly. I ordered the prime rib sandwich with shoestring fries. Both the sandwich and fries were excellent. I would recommend this place and I anticipate dining there again.The build out is really well done and the space it utilized really well. The food was slow to come out, but honestly I have no other complaint about it. Everything was seasoned well and fresh. The Ginny Hendricks is possibly one of my most favorite cocktails I have ever had- spiked refreshing cucumber water. 
I ordered the Eggs Sardou- crabmeat was perfect and again, everything was seasoned really well. The table had tamale meatballs and shrimp toast- A plus. 
My only complaint was when someone at my table ordered a dessert to go. We ordered another round, finished our drinks, paid the check and walked outside; still no dessert. We spoke to managers and hostess after we had already asked our waitress. Eventually someone explained that they could not find it. This being said- the service was good, but the food service was a bit slow. Honestly I would wait again.  I am sure they will work out the kinks and if this is the only complaint they are doing well.This was the best restaurant I have ever been to. It's a little touch of Brooklyn in New Orleans. Best brunch ever. Everyone needs to go there now. Bye.Visited here with my family and everything was great from the food to the service. I can't even begin to explain how good their biscuits and homemade jams are. I literally could've just sat there and eaten that and been perfectly fine.
Wasn't too sure what to expect when walking in but I will be back when visiting.With a wildly creative menu, very reasonable prices and a great location, this place should be packed all the time.  I'm happy it wasn't because we were able to be seated immediately on a Saturday night.  Shared the "nosh plate" and a shrimp/blue cheese pizza, which were perfect for 2.  That was the first night--went back the second night as a group of 5 and had an eclectic collection of dishes to share:  bruschetta, margarita pizza, spaghetti with clams, eggplant shells stuffed with goat cheese, and a side order of macaroni and cheese.   Every single thing we ate on both visits was delicious, fresh, and creative.  Next time we're trying the brunch menu, which also looked fantastic.  It's right next door to Rum House so I think it must get overlooked but it's a gem of a place that has been added to my "must-hit" list on every NOLA visit!The restaurant has a wonderful atmosphere. During our wait, we went to the bar for drinks! I had the frozen mimosa and Bloody Mary! The Bloody Mary was a little different from ones I've had in the past. It has a hint of pickle taste to it but still delicious. I had the biscuits and gravy and needless to say it was superb.  Our waitress was super sweet and gave us recommendations when we asked. The food came out 20 minutes after we ordered. Definitely will be back again!They have a very extensive menu. It's great for times when picking a place to eat becomes an issue. The best dish by far that I have had is the eggs sardou. They are to die for and no you won't finish the whole dish.  They also have some outside seating so bring you sun glassesI would have given it a 5 if not for my meal. My coworkers loved their meals of chicken and salmon but unfortunately I ordered the elephant ear garlic meal that was greasy, and not fulfilling. The waiter was fantastic and the hurricanes were the best I have tasted. Great place in the garden district to eat.We were a big party of 12 but they seated us together and we had an amazing brunch here. I tried the duck waffles and deviled eggs, which was really good, and I also had a Bloody Mary, one of the best I've ever had. Anything pickled there is reallllly good. Everyone loved their food, and the service was good.That was a surprising diner, the flavors are very unique and well thought of. It's a smart and delicious menu with a little twist. The ambiance and the staff is friendly and knowledgeable. My favorite was probably the duck and wafflesDrove over to Red Dog from the Northshore. Glad we did. Great food and very sweet waitress.  Pimento cheese appetizer had a light garlic flavor and was nice and creamy. The shrimp and grits with poached eggs and hollandaise was incredible.  The smoky mac-n-cheese was very flavorful. Will definitely be back.I had doubts about a new place being this good but they knocked it out of the park. Cute decor, warm professional staff and creative menu. Bourbon milk punch and the crab sardou were both excellent. I highly recommend checking it out. Friend had Huevos and Bloody Mary and she loved 'Em.I'm very happy to have this as a neighborhood restaurant, because the food here is delicious. I especially appreciate the salads, as they're so thoughtfully prepared, and I often want one as a meal for lunch. The Caesar is done straight up classic style, with an addictive dressing that hits the right balance of garlic and spice. The Duck Diablo soup with poblano polenta croutons is not to be missed; dense with meaty pieces of roasted duck, with a thick, almost stew like broth. And those polenta croutons rock. On my first visit I had the griddled drum with cabbage, pickled green tomatoes and mirliton chow-chow. This dish is a knock out, and the folks in this kitchen really know how to cook. Pizzas and sandwiches are also available, and I'm pleased and impressed by the boutique wines offered on tap. I'll be trying the breakfast menu soon. Chances are I'll be trying all of it eventually, and returning here often.I've only been for brunch, but I take everyone who comes to town for a visit here. The atmosphere is fun and the food is absolutely delicious.What a quint little hole in the wall - no really! 
Red Dog Diner/back alley is an " alley" bar - meaning the space between two buildings - turned BAR. We stopped in for a little happy hour before making our way to the airport and totally dug this place. WHY?
1) The staff is outstanding! We sat at the bar top, and was greeted by Jake (from state farm!), who was so friendly, talkative and was just plain cool. There was never a lull in conversation and he just made the entire space, so inviting and comfortable!
2) Nitrogen infused wine...on tap?! YAS! I opted for the rose' which was crisp, cool and totally refreshing!
3) Prices are KILLER on happy hour! $5 wine, $6 craft cocktails and more adorn the creative menu - making for a cheap way to catch a buzz!
4) The space is cutesy, bringing an outdoor/indoor/wooded vibe to it - perfect for parties of any size! Location is easy to find on Magazine street and located right next to The Rum House! 
I know we'll be back to NOLA, and I can't wait to come here again!We first waited for over thirty minutes only to find out they'd forgotten about us, mind you they had tables open. Then when we brought it to their attention, the host seats us in these tiny seats to the right, which is not suitable for five people. One of my buttcheecks was on the seat while the other was in the air. I told our waitress if she could move us to a bigger table, which she did, but she took her time serving us, most of the time she was talking to her friends at the bar. The pasta I had was bland, but the crap appetizer was really good so all in all I will not go back to this establishmentScrumptious food, excellent service. We had tasso shrimp and grits with poached eggs - best grits I have ever eaten, perfectly poached eggs, focaccia to soak it all up- and a big regular breakfast with eggs, bacon, biscuits, etc.  Plenty of food (almost more than I could eat) and every single thing was perfect, even a small salad added to my plate. And fantastic bloody marys.Got the crab and bacon dip and the shrimp and pancetta pasta. It was fantastic and so was the service! Sooooo impressed. Will definitely be back to try more!I'm upset that I waited until yesterday to try Red Dog Diner for the first time! Have lots of time to make up for and meals to try now. No joke, nearly everything on the menu - breakfast, lunch and dinner - sounded incredible. I had such difficulty deciding what to order. Should I get the fried quail and macaroni waffle? The poached eggs with shrimp and grits? The candied pecan Belgian waffle? A breakfast sandwich? I seriously cannot emphasize the diversity in appealing menu items enough.
I ended up getting the sweet potato pancakes with maple bacon instead. The pancakes were INCREDIBLE - fluffy, sweet, everything you could want in a pancake. The bacon was a little underwhelming - I was hoping for some of the really thick cut kind, but it was still fine. My friend ordered the "insert hipster name here" sandwich and could not stop raving about the wheat focaccia bread. We also ordered a side of hashbrowns. Those were probably our least favorite bc they had too much onion, which really overpowered the potatoes. They came in a cute skillet though, which we appreciated. 
The ambiance of Red Dog is rustic and laid back without being contrived and the servers were lovely. Our hostess Jaclyn was especially friendly! Can't wait to go back to try more of the alluring entrees, apps, desserts, and drinks!I don't see how this experience could have been any better. We walked in for a midday lunch and went to the back of the restaurant to the bar because the restaurant was packed with a 30 minute wait. The back area appears to be a space between two buildings that is sealed off from above by a plexiglass  ceiling. Boomers outstanding, we ordered the crab dip, pork tenderloin, quail and waffle, and it was all delicious. The wine on tap is a great bargain with high-quality. The service was very attentive even though the place was packed.  Lively rustic atmosphere with some traditional New Orleans food.This is my new favorite. I'm always looking for a place in town with fantastic salads, and this wins. I split a salad and a pasta dish wth my sister in law, started with the crawfish and Tasso cheesecake and left with leftovers and a happy tummy. There are so many things on their menu that look awesome, it was really tough to choose. I can't wait to go back and try something else. Oh, and they sell delicious cocktails with fun names and wine by the carafe (1/2, glass). I'm sure to settle in to a happy hour or two there very soon. Try this new place out now, before everyone else catches on that its quite the polished gem.I'm very selective about my ratings and do not often give 5 starts, but I have not one bad thing to say about this place! 
Boyfriend and I picked it randomly for breakfast based on Yelp reviews, distance from our Airbnb, and distance from the garden district area which we planned to explore. There were other places in the running, but red dog won for its seemingly rustic and less touristy vibe and somewhat better prices. 
Atmosphere and decor very cool and unique- definitely try to sit in the back area which is more so. Service was fast and friendly. 
He ordered the Tasso shrimp and grits poached eggs which was plenty big, fresh, and appealing to the eye for the price. I got the Insert Hipster Name Here breakfast sandwich which I knew would be good and figured your standard breakfast sandwich, but it completely exceeded all expectations in size, composition, and flavor. It even came with fresh fruit and their homemade (absolutely delicious!) granola, which was a nice surprise because the menu didn't say it came with anything. That one was especially worth the price!
My boyfriend stayed in LA to work and took a coworker to red dog a day later for lunch because he loved it so much too. Would absolutely recommend and go back!I LOVE everything about this place!  I was born and raised in Southern California on "Southern fried" everything because my momma is from the south.  My now 52 year old body is suffering the effects of that and I am on a mission to eat well and regain some of my health back.  That is difficult while on vacation in New Orleans...  It was recommended to us that we eat at GG's so this morning before leaving town we headed there looking forward to a delicious breakfast to keep us going on our 9 hour drive today!  We got there and they were closed.   I may never know about the food at that other place because the "Red Dog Diner" now owns my heart!  This hip Diner/Bar is just a few doors down so as we were walking to our car very disappointed we percked up quickly when we noticed people sitting and eating here! 
As we were entering we were greeted by a very sweet young lady who invited us to sit wherever we wanted to then took our drink order.  
As I was looking over the menu I read the ingredients in the Corned Beef Hash.  What stood out to me was "cabbage".  My tummy loves meat and veggies and over easy eggs!  So I had to try it!  When it was time to order I told her what I wanted asked if I could have my eggs over easy.  She smiled really sweet and said "that's how they come".  As I waited for my food I began to take in the vibe of this small but roomy well designed eatery/bar, listening to Jimmy Hendricks and Janis Joplin & thinking to myself "I feel very relaxed here."  Sipping the perfectly strong yet mellow coffee I  mentioned to husband how good it was.  Our food came and by the 3rd bite I was convinced that the chef who created this dish is a food genius and I was doing as my momma taught me... Carefully examining and tasting every bite to figure out how to make this delicious dish for myself!  This dish had just the right amount of everything!  When I first saw the portion I thought I wouldn't be able to finish it but I couldn't stop myself and because the majority of the ingredients was perfectly spiced fermented cabbage I am neither overstuffed or bloated!   They make the fermented veggies!  
There is no doubt!  We will be coming back!Great brunch very relaxed vibrant atmosphere 
The crabmeat omelet is perfect. Children and dogs welcomeI must give 5 stars to this restaurant!! Great staff, delicious food, nice decoration, excellent cocktails. 5/5We were a group of five at this local restaurant. Their breakfast menu looked too good to pass up - we had the Very Berry waffle, the eggs Sardis (with shrimp because they were out of crab), and the Tasso shrimp and grits, and the prime rib sandwich.  
Despite the crowd, service was fantastic - hats off to management for having plenty of servers.  Food was delicious in every case.I really appreciate  that everything is hand-crafted and made from scratch. The options are unique and flavorful and the setting is welcoming and comfortable. You will feel good about putting this tasty made-from-scratch food in your body. Our waitress, Tatiana, was so sweet and did a great job.Great new addition to magazine!  They are still adding to/changing their menus, but everything is wonderful so far! We didn't end up trying their wines on tap today (great variety and generous pours), but the waitress was very knowledgable and quick to provide us with relatable recommendations. My friend got the duck diablo soup and the tamale meat balls. We were bummed that they were out of the veggie chili on such a perfect fall day, but our waitress offered to substitute the duck diablo and said it could be sent back if we didn't like it. I'm a vegetarian so I didn't try her dishes but my friend said the croutons were really good and the soup was a good level of spicy. The pepper jelly paired well with the meatballs. I got the farm house salad and the shoestring fries with sage mayo. Everything was delicious and beautifully presented- we're bummed we forgot to take picture! While we were sitting outside, someone walked by with a To-go drink from another restaurant and dropped their drink top, the host was quick to run inside to grab her a replacement. Overall great food, service, and ambiance. Can't wait to come back for brunch or dinner!Everything is delicious, and you can tell the staff take pride in their work. Supergood vibe in this place.We are tourists here in Louisiana and I have to say this was my favorite restaurant on our 5 day trip. I got the Caesar salad and sausage and peppers pizza. I wanted to order just about everything on the menu. Not only was the food amazing, but so was the ambiance. A few blocks from the cemetery for all the tourists out there! Definitely worth checking out and not too expensive.This place is an absolute favorite of mine. I stumbled upon it two years ago& went back just this weekend on a girls trip! Hands down some of the best if not the best grits i've ever had& the cheddar cheese apple pie is a must! It wasn't available on St.Patricks day so we went back the day after(yes the pie is that good) & they didn't have any then. I was upset because it's just that good but they rectified it immediately & I ended up being able to show my friends how great this pie really was! Thank you for pie! I'll recommend to everyone I know going  to New Orleans.Last week after taking my grand kids to the Zoo we stopped on Magazine Street for an early dinner. Thinking we might grab some Tacos at the Rum House (best Tacos in Town), the kids couldn't find something they wanted so we went next door to the Red Dog. The kids menu was perfect for them. I had a Chicken Cobb Salad, my wife had a Turkey sandwich both of which were excellent. Since it was early it was Happy hour and beers were $2 off with a  good selection of beers on tap. In addition the place has a nice selection of wines on tap.  Our server was very helpful and attentive. Overall a good experience.Hope is one of the best bartenders we have met on this trip... Whatever she's making isn't enough.. give that girl a raise. Made the entire experience worth it... Hope is your girl in the Red Dog Diner!!!I feel like I say this a lot, but it really does take me and the boyfriend FOREVER to think of a place to go get dinner. One Saturday night, we came up with Red Dog Diner. It's been on my bookmarks on Yelp for a while and they have a big menu, so we could both get whatever we want. We've been to Rum House numerous times, but never stopped in next door before. 
It's a really cool atmosphere in there. Cooler than I thought it would be, for sure. We sat in the back dining room near the bar and ordered. We got the spinach artichoke dip which was awesome. The boyfriend got the quail burger which he loved. I got the tuna sliders which were packed with flavor. The serving sizes were huge and I had a nice little lunch the next day from my leftovers. I really think our families would like this place when they come to visit. There's a little something for everyone.Phenomenal breakfast. Great ambience. Excellent service. Vegetarian friendly. A must if you're in New Orleans.We stopped here for dinner one night during Mardi Gras. The service was fast and the food was delicious!! I had the Reuben and it was the best I've ever had!!We stopped in to the Red Dog purely by accident and I'm so glad we did! From the signature drinks, salads and entrees, our meal was delicious. We'll definitely recommend this place to any of our friends and family traveling to the Big Easy from Chicago.Dude. This place. It's good. It's like perfect good. It's like a place where you want to actually tell the waitress you'd like to speak with the chef just to tell him to keep on going. 
The atmosphere is homey homie. Feels like you're a house guest. Might be my favorite "non-New Orleans" styled restaurant. 
*first review ever (for a reason)The best breakfast I've had in a long time. So much flavor. And great presentation. The little side greens of arugula and tomatoes were absolutely yummy. That was one hell of a brisket omelet.Went back Mardi Gras day. Place was jumpin' and we really enjoyed our meal again.... then back this past Sunday, 3/6. The salad with blue cheese, currants and apples, oh my. I will be back soon just for this salad!! Crab and corn fritters, always excellent. Chicken and portabello pasta was delicious, as was the seafood bowl with rice. HOWEVER, as delicious as the red sauce was, there was way too much on the plate for the amount of rice given. We love this place and hope they take the criticism constructively: Diners can always ask for more sauce. Consider about 50% of the sauce you are currently serving, so all of the flavors of the fish and rice can be fully enjoyed without swimming in sauce. Also, we keep asking for a hard cider. Are we the only ones? Also, great to know you stay open later than 4:00 PM on Sundays. We thought we might miss out, but arrived before 4:00 only to learn you stay open later now. Might want to reprint the times on your menu so you don't lose business on Sundays.We were excited about trying Red Dog Diner because we love Rum House. We stopped in early tonight to grab an appetizer because we had plans to meet friends for dinner elsewhere. We ordered the corn & crab fritters and a cup of the veggie chili and they were both amazing. We had sat at the bar so we could see the other food coming out of the kitchen and everything looked so delicious. We knew we'd come back for sure! 
We left and waited to hear from our friends who ended up canceling for dinner and we couldn't stop thinking about how delicious all the other food looked at Red Dog.... So we decided to go back for dinner! This time we ordered the shrimp toast appetizer, the Croque Monsieur, the sausage & pepper pizza, and the banana cream pie. Everything was excellent! Our server Olivia was super warm and friendly and gave superb service. Portions are generous and prices are low! Olivia shared the breakfast menu with us at the end of our meal and even though we have plenty of food left for lunch tomorrow, we may just see her back there in the morning! The atmosphere is also fantastic, with indoor & outdoor seating and a great drink menu with beer and wine on tap! You don't want to miss this place!Beautiful decor, unique set up, warm and friendly staff (kitchen manager Lauren was so sweet) and OUTSTANDING Bloody Marys!  probably the largest bloody I've seen in my entire life.This place had a super fun atmosphere and very nice staff. The food was good, but not expected. My husband got the Croque Monsieur, which while good, was a departure from the classic.
I got the patty melt because pimento cheese. There was not enough cheese, I needed so much more. The focaccia wasn't a win for me either. The top was basically a cracker it was so thin and toasted.
Everyone who ordered bfast items seemed really happy.
I would definitely go back, but just order something I'm unaccustomed to instead.Loved this place! Literally every person in our 8 person group had a delicious dish from Benedict to veggie option to the duck waffles!! Worth the long wait! Service was great!! Bloody Mary was also very good!We went here for breakfast. Holy cow, the food here is incredible! We waited about 35 minutes for a table and there were about 6 of us. So we sat at the bar. When you first walk in, you think, this place is small. But later you find out there is more to it. The bar in the front of the house is curved and has beautifully crafted wood on it. There is a hallway that takes you to the back of the house which is just as unique and as pretty as the front of the house. I loved the back bar. You're basically in a covered outside, courtyard. Then you see the rest of the dining tables on top of a wooden deck style platform. So this is where we ate. I ordered a half liter of the Katrina drink which tasted like a sangria to me since it was so full of delicious fruit. I do wish they had drink specials bc the drinks are mighty pricey but I guess when you have such good food, you don't need to lore people in with drink specials. 
I ordered the Curry-Roasted Cauliflower and it was recommended by our awesome waitress. I LOVE this dish and I still think about it every once in a while. And funny thing is, I normally never would have ordered something like that but I trusted the waitress. It is an omlets under their humpty dumpties section. Every bite of the omlet had the perfect curry seasoned crunch of cauliflower. I inhaled this thing. All of the flavors in this dish worked so freaking well and is now one of my all time favorite meals in the city now! Great service, good, and ambience!Honestly, I'm not even surprised by the amount of food I ate in NOLA because of all these highly rated restaurants. Have to give Red Dog Diner the 5 stars because their food and service were both excellent. This was our first stop after landing and checking in our airbnb. We were SUPER hungry and this brunch place really satisfied our cravings. We had a party of 12 and they were able to seat us within 30 minutes which is really good, considering we had no reservations. 
I ordered the prime rib benedict here and it lived up to the good reviews. While the prime rib looked more like roast beef, the flavors of the gravy and egg yolk meshed really well together. My friends loved the pancakes and waffles they ordered. I also stole some of their mac and cheese and the crab dip which I loved so much. The bread was a little too salty when paired with the dip though. Definitely recommend Red Dog Diner for some good brunchin in NOLA.My favorites are the crab & bacon dip, fromage plate and mediterranean nosh plate. I love their eggplant stuffed shells, but wish it had some meat in it. Veggie Chili is a must too. Service is always pretty good. One complaint : Please get your frozen mimosa machine repaired permanently! That's definitely their best drink and half the time it's not working. .I heard this place was owned by the same individuals that own Rum House and since I like Rum House, I thought I would give it a try. I got the bbq chicken pizza which was good, but a bit too greasy for my taste. We also ordered the seared tuna salad and duck soup. Both were good but not amazing. Overall, I think it's a god place to pop into for a quick lunch or dinner.I've been here for brunch/breakfast tons of times. Not a big breakfast person but they have a huge menu always available. I've loved 95% of everything I've eaten and at least enjoyed the rest. It's fun to sit outside on Magazine Street on a nice day but in the back of the restaurant there's the nearest naturally lit area. Quirky!First time in NOLA and walked around magazine street this morning - came in on a whim and loved it SOOOO much. Breakfast was unbelievable - my rocco drink was to die for and my friend got a Bloody Mary and it was best she ever had. Must be on your list of places to go eat !!!! LOVEEEEThis is my second time here. They always have great food and drinks. Everything I have had is executed perfectly! Thanos approved!!!