Remoulades is great for getting good and well priced food on Bourbon. My husband and I usually go when friends are in town who want to stay on bourbon street. The food is good, and I have enjoyed many dishes from this kitchen. 
The jambalaya is tasty and you can definitely split most of these plates because they are very large. 
They have many Cajun food options that will leave you satisfied. 
The staff has always been friendly and the wait time is nothing. You receive your food in a timely manner. 
The food is not high quality but like I said it's good, not great. I would definitely recommend this restaurant if you're looking for a nice meal in the hustle and bustle of bourbon street.Simply gross. My stuffed crab came cold. My mixed green salad came out with of a plate of ranch. I love extra ranch but this was overwhelming. My friends cheeseburger did not taste fresh and the bun was stale. The waiter seemed frazzled and it wasn't very busy at all. Had to ask him for our salads and condiments. I couldn't wait to get out of here. (I had to hop out of bed three times too.)We had a dozen oysters, ataste of Louisiana, and an order of redbeans and rice...the only thing I enjoyed was the Crawfish cake and the Oysters.
Service was great, but for the price the food should have been a lot better. If you are NOT interested in authentic knock your sox off flavour of cajun food then eat here.This was the first place my wife and I ate on our recent trip to New Orleans. That day they were fantastic. The staff was very friendly, my wife had a friend oyster po-boy with onion rings, I had a friend shrimp po-boy with crab boiled new potatoes and it was all fantastic and perfectly seasoned and the onion rings were some of the best my wife and I had ever had.
We loved it so much that we wanted our last meal in New Orleans to be there. Oops.
I again got the fried shrimp po-boy. The shrimp were undercooked and unseasoned. My wife ordered a mufellata and was happy with it. We both ordered onion rings and we got an order of onion rings and an order of fries and the staff member we told about the mistake did nothing about it and we didn't have time mess with it.
So if you are going to eat here do it in the evening/night. Do not go right after they open because that staff isn't very friendly and the kitchen apparently only knows the basics of cookings.OMG I loved the blackened Catfish and red potatoes and the crab cakes. My waiter was amazing and hilarious..Well.....we were greeted by a sleeping host. Yes, he was sleeping. If we had not had a groupon ($20 for $40) for this place we would have turned around immediately. They sat us at a table that was under a vent and it was dripping on us the entire time. The couple next to us asked their server to split checks and they said they were unable to do this (what year is it?) We laughed with the couple next to us the entire time watching the hostess/cashier sleep while eating our meals. The bartender/manager was right across the restaurant so there is no way that he did not know he was sleeping. This does not say anything about Arnaud's and they should actually be embarrassed to have their name on this restaurant.  We ordered nachos, which were OK. For entrees we ordered the soft-shelled crab po-boy and stuffed crab. The po-boy was disgusting and I ended up taking the meat off and just eating the bread with the Remolaude sauce. The stuffed crab was just OK. We will never return to this restaurant again and advise people to stay away. Just proves that you should not eat on Bourbon Street. TOURIST TRAP. 
One other side note...ordered a hurricane and it was the worst drink I have ever had. Tasted like they used generic juice and didn't put any alcohol.Incredibly friendly service. We really enjoyed our server, Zakiya. We chose the nachos for a quick bite to eat and were pleasantly surprised by the amount of sausage and red beans . Extremely tasty and the drinks were incredible.  This is definitely on our list to come back. The atmosphere was very festive and a beautiful dining room.Awful food. Jumbalaya tasted like minute rice and ketchup. Portion was also tiny for $12.95. Cold bread and butter. My husband enjoyed their pecan pie, otherwise I would have scored them one star. Very misleading  to tourists who are counting  on the Arnaud's affiliation to ensure quality!One of mine and my husband's favorite quick stops in the French Quarter.
If you want the same wonderful food that you would get at Arnaud's but at half the price, this is an excellent place to stop!  (They actually share the same kitchen)
Delicious ice cold oysters and BBQ shrimp to die for!!
All the wonderfulness of an expensive restaurant in a very relaxed and laid back atmosphere.we chose to eat at remoulade's on our last night in nola.  we selected it over arnaud's because we wanted a more casual atmosphere.  i suspect that they share a kitchen, so it's definitely worth it if you want to save some $$$.  for example, the gumbo at remoulade's was $5.50 versus $7.95 at arnauds.  
anyway, the place is cute enough but the food was just not that good.  we ordered the gumbo, shrimp bisque and boiled fresh shrimp.  the soups were served lukewarm and the shrimp were smaller than expected.  for my entree, i ordered the jumbalaya and my fiance ordered the shrimp creole.  my jumbalaya tasted more like tomato sauce... actually, so did the creole.  maybe that's more authentic than the jumbalaya i've had outside of nola?
next time, i would try one of the other restaurants in that area or arnaud's.Fun place to grab lunch and the Shrimp Po Boy is pretty phenomenal.The Crawfish meat pie was tasty.
Service was close to non existent. Had to ask her for everything and she was either confused as to why we were asking for one refill on an ice tea or why we might need flatware.  Hopefully she was new to the profession and just not properly trained. 
Also, they have limited bar drink options.Before leaving NOLA I still has not eaten étouffée yet.  Caddy corner to Hotel Mazarin, we were warmly greeted.  Nice jazz music plays overhead and not too loudly. Cute place and not fancy.  Bourdin was delicious.  The crawfish étouffée was delicious.  Pecan pie was good because not too sweet along one to taste the pecans. Why haven't I had étouffée before?!  Creamy, slightly spicy and not too salty, it was a perfect farewell to NOLARemoulade was the perfect location for my dad's 80th birthday lunch. Our group of 16 celebrated with great food and extraordinary service. We couldn't have asked for a better experienceThe service was great! It all came out in a timely manner, Our waitress was wonderful and they were all very pleasant. I had the sampler of crawfish pie, jambalaya, and shrimp étouffée. The crawfish pie was amazing, jambalaya good, and by the time I got to the étouffée I was full! We also tried the shrimp bisque which was good.This place was eh ok. For the first time in New Orleans trying Cajun food I was not that impressed.Not bad. I kind of expected worse. The Bayou Self was refreshing, if not a bit too sweet. The sazerac was delicious- the absinthe was just right. She had the blue cheese burger and I had the Toscana pizza. Her burger was good. The fries were super skinny and crisp (think McDonalds). My pizza was served on and 8" crispy crust. I enjoyed it, but felt it could've used the acidity of additional marinara or tomato sauce. Overall, good meal. The server was attentive, a little brusque but passed with a push. Best part: food served late.What an experience.  The stuffed crab was delicious, the Red Beans and rice were tasty, the shrimp was yummy and the specialty drinks perfectly represented New Orleans.  Ben. This man was perfect. Everyone at our table adored his sense of humor and appreciated his recommendations.  Go!  You will love it!I had the po-boy and my bf had the jambalaya, both to go. The fish was decent but nothing crazy. The jambalaya was subpar at best. Many of the tourist attractions food places are not good simply bc they think tourist don't know any better and they can serve whatever. 2 stars bc the staff was really nice.Unfortunately, the Green Goddess was closed so we happened upon this place.  I'm surprised Arnaud's places their name on this travesty of a bar/restaurant located in downtown New Orleans.  While Remoulade delivered on their BBQ shrimp (a nice, spicy blend with tender, plump shrimp), the remainder of their offerings were paltry at best.  
The crawfish etouffee was a watery mess of bland spices and small, hardened coils of crawfish.  While the turtle soup had a nice swirl of sherry, the salt content was overboard.  I would like to never revisit the crunchy topping on the stuffed crabs.  Service was a bit spotty.  The complimentary bread added nothing to the meal.  
New Orleans is a culinary town.  In this city, I expect a whole lot more out of a meal.  While it probably would bode well for the happenstance tourist looking for a casual meal and a beer, it misses as far as everyone else is concerned.  There are tons of places to eat in New Orleans; this should not be on your list.Keep on walking, don't eat here. Oysters are ok, but as long as oysters are fresh, it can't be too bad. I ordered crawfish étouffée, it was not seasoned well. portion size was barely an app size. rice was hard, raw in the middle, dried on the outside. My husband got jambalaya. It was a disaster. I felt like I need yell at the cook's face: JAMBALAYA is NOT TOMATO RICE STEW!!!!!!!  Keep on walking, I'm serious.Wandered in to this establishment. What a nice surprise. Lloyd was shucking oysters. This man will take care of your need to have oysters. Nice, quiet and friendly. If you are jonesing for oysters come here. Fresh, delicious and fast.Not the best meal we had on vacation... but it was not terrible either.  It is a good location to soak up some of the alcohol you consume on bourbon though.
Moderately priced food, staff was nice, nice layout, and my po boy was pretty darn tasty.  I thought the Jambalaya could've been a bigger portion for what you pay for.Good food for a great price.  My friends and I stopped in there several times.  We've had crawfish pies, nachos, and cheeseburgers.  All of our servers were nice and very informative.If I could give 2.5 stars I would, but I generously rounded up...
Food was OK. Had a shrimp po' boy that was generous in size and did not skimp on fillings but tasted pretty average.
Service was lacking. As soon as he took the drink order and realized we would not be running up a bar tab (we got sodas), our waiter had a distinct shift in attitude and hustle. Checked on us once during the meal when we were almost finished eating and seemed like he was rushed although the restaurant was nearly empty at 3 in the afternoon.
One note - they do charge for soda refills and the glasses are small. I guess that's one way to get the ticket amounts up when people are not drinking alcohol...Booooring. We went here while we were cruising the quarter because it was our second to last day and other people kept telling us to try Arnauds. Well Arnauds is closed for lunch, and this is an Arnauds restaurant so we thought it'd be good. Nope.
I will admit, I liked the boudin ok, but my husband complained that his jambalaya was so hot that he couldn't enjoy it (and he LOVES spicy), and I've had better shrimp poboys in San Francisco... Anywhere else in the world, actually.
Skip this place, it's no bueno!This place is still great - still the best turtle soup I've had in the NOLA area.  
I had the taste of the Bayou again, and everything was perfect.  The service was a little strange this time tho - so minus a star for it not being as stellar as it was last time.
PS - the oysters were tasty!  Fresh!  Great cocktail sauce!  super YUM.Even though it's restaurant week in New Orleans, we decided to swing past since it's sister restaurant, Armand's, had a dress code and we refused to look fancy in the French Quarter. 
So here's why it got 3 stars:
The wait staff was really nice and attentive which was surprising since it was so packed! But the food wasn't mind blowing. 
The waiter brought us our drinks and a basket of bread while we decided on our food. Typical Coke products but the bread was so the opposite of what a baguette should smell and taste like, we didn't even touch it. And since we aren't here for the bread (or at least a basket of bread) I'll forgive them for that as the restaurant was quite packed. 
And so we first ordered seafood gumbo, which tasted great, but the serving size was equivalent to a kid's soup and for 7$ that's just not cool. 
Now the Po'Boy. I ordered crab and my boyfriend ordered catfish about $15 each. Both were fried to perfection, but there was so, so, so much bread that it took away from the sandwich. I mean why order a Po'Boy when all you get is a piece of fish, lettuce, and tomato suffocated (literally) by a gigantic piece of French bread? 
Like I mentioned before the food prices were  good, just not impressive, so I'll probably not return but who knows, maybe we caught them on a rough day?Our experience at Roumalde was well below satisfactory. We are usually easy to please but everything about Roumalde was a let down. From mediocre service to flavorless food I would not recommend Roumalde to anyone in a city with so many superior choices.This place looks generic and like the food would be just so-so but it was great! We went here twice. The wait staff was so friendly each time! On our first visit I got the shrimp bisque and my husband got the seafood gumbo. Both were really good! We got a jambalaya to share but I didn't care for it. Not their fault, I didn't realize it would have so many peppers and onions, which I don't like. 
On our second visit which was on our last day we wanted to try a po boy which we hadn't down yet. OMG it was so good! And bread was so fresh! Ashley waited on us this visit and she was great! I wasn't sure what I wanted to drink and she said they could make anything. I had a martini and it was the best one I had all week! When my husband commented on another diners meal (he said it looked good and asked what it was) she brought him out a sample of the sauce. Then he asked if she had ever tried turtle soup (nope!) and said he was apprehensive she went and brought him a sample of that too! So that way he got to try it without spending $10 on something he may not like. He said it tasted like chili but would never have been able to eat a whole bowl. I thought that was a very nice thing she did and she was a lot of fun to talk to. We'd go back just to see Ashley!Don't waste your money, if you are visiting NOLA!  We had the jambalaya & etouffe and both were TERRIBLE.  I think I've had better rice-a-roni.  Go across the street to Felix'sIf there was an option for zero stars I would give this restaurant just that. It was our first time in New Orleans and we stopped at this place for dinner. The interior of the restaurant and bar looked sophisticated and nice compared to the other restaurants we passed by. We ordered nachos, grilled chicken breast, burgers and garlic bread. The nachos looked like the cheapest and most unattractive nachos I've ever had. The chicken breast was still pink when it was brought to the table, and when we told them, they placed the same chicken breast on the grill and it was burnt and ridiculously salty. The burgers were burnt and dry, as if you can taste the grill. And if you're going to have garlic bread on the menu, please make sure it tastes like garlic and not just cheese on bread. I also asked the server for a "strong" drink and the one she recommended tastes like fruit juice. Most of the error here was from the kitchen but we will not be coming back.Terrible service because the waitress was more interested in her phone than her customers. Had to get our own refills.  Waited over 30 minutes for a poboy ---got up and left.  It's on bourbon street but every other restaurant there was so much better for food and service.Friendly staff.  Great oysters.  The BBQ shrimp was so-so.  Fair prices for Bourbon St.  If you don't want to wait in line for 2 hours for Acme, this is a decent choice.The food was pretty decent. It was kind of pricey for what we ordered, but I guess if you're  on bourbon street all of the restaurants pricing is a little higher. The raw oysters were delicious!! If you go during happy hour, it's $1 oysters!Great food, fantastic service, & awesome prices! Very clean & neat too!Omg amazing!!! It's the first little spot we walked in and everything we ordered is just hands-down so good. Charbroiled oysters shrimp Po boy cheese fried sausage Po boy coleslaw muFalletta I recommend all of itOf all the restaurants we went to in New Orleans, I'd saw that Remoulade was by far our least favorite.  The restaurant was casual and relaxed as promised on their website, but the chef may have been too relaxed to care about the taste of the food that came out of the kitchen.  There were six of us and no one even tried to finish their meal or get their leftovers wrapped up.  I only tried two of the six items we collectively ordered but the crawfish étouffée lacked flavor and was too watery to fit the "hearty" description on the menu and the pizza was far from gourmet.  With all the choices New Orleans has to offer, I'm bummed that we wasted a meal here.Went here for dinner. Loved it. I had the "taste of New Orleans" and I enjoyed every bit of it. My boyfriend who isn't big on trying new things also had it and loved it! It wasn't super busy for a Monday around 5:45pm as we were seated very quickly. All of the staff was very attentive and the food was well seasoned and flavorful.
The portion sizes were also good. I would definitely recommend this place to others and will put this is on my list of places to visit again.Got late night oysters and a soft shell crab Poboy. Both were delicious. I sat at the oyster bar and has great service and conversation from the shucker. Their Bloody Mary was amazing, too.We stopped in for a late snack , I had a P.O.'boy n my wife had the staple burger. It was one of the best po'boys I've ever had, even in New Orleans, and the burger rivals the best in Texas. The brownie was like the icing on the cake. Get more than one, more than two if you have company. We will definitely be back.Lunch with the stuffed crab, rice and beans and gumbo. Not a lot of seasoning but good food. If you want spicy and hot this dish is not for you.  The staff was wonderful and very polite and efficient. Good meal just not great.Food cold and bland.  Service was inattentive and the bartender could not even make a maker's mark and ginger ale (left out the bourbon on 2 drinks).  My dining experience was a heck of a lot better after going to Coops.  I ordered basic beans and rice with sausage and it was cold as the waiters personality.Service was very good,but the food was disappointing.I had the rice and beans,the beans were like canned with a little seasoning and the sausage was the kind in the plastic wrapper at the grocery store.The jambalaya that my wife had was plain and tasteless .we Had Cajun egg rolls that were good.Hey this is Nawlins king of food, they need to kick it up a notch.Please send the Remoulade folks to Guantanamo Bay! 
You know what they did? Well read the confession below. 
____________________________         
   |  |             |  |                 |  |           |  |   
   |  |             |  |                 |  |           |  |     
   |  |             |  |  _(((___  |  |           |  |  
   |  |             |  |   _     _     |  |           |  |       " I AM GUILTY OF SERVING A
   |  |            /|  |   o      o    |  |\          |  |         MEDIOCRE SPANISH RICE 
   |  |            \|  |       u        |  |/          |  |          FOR JAMBALAYA "     
   |  |             |  |      -=-      |  |           |  |
   |  |             |  |  \____ /   |  |           |  |   
   |  |        __|  |_ )       ( _ |  |__       |  |
   |  |      /      |  |                  |  |     \     |  |   
   |  |    /        |  |                  |  |      \    |  | 
   |  |  ( ___(|  |)                (|  |)__ )  |  |    
   |  |             |  |                  |  |           |  |    
_  |  |_____ |  |_______  |  |____ |  |    
===========================
Just because they are on Bourban doesn't mean that I am gonna let them get away with that crime.This was the 1st place we went to on our trip, thank God we found better places to dine after this.  I had a shrimp po-boy the shrimp had no flavor and the bread was on the stale side.  My hubby had the sampler and that was ok but you can get better quality in a lot of other places.My travel companion has never tried oysters, so their oyster appetizer sampler was a great choice. We also had the stuffed crab, which was yummy too. 
All served with some fresh French bread.We ordered the homemade onion rings as an appetizer it lacked flavor . Entrees fried catfish once again no flavor. Shrimp creole was just shrimp in tomato sauce. Tomato sauce tasted straight from can no herbs and spicesI don't know what these negative reviews are about. Our server Darrius was extremely friendly and constantly made sure we were having a great experience. I decided to order the hurricane in New Orleans fashion and it went down way too easily. We order the New Orleans Nachos which were AMAZING. Highly recommend! You can see the cooks making your food like 10 feet away from you which is very neat. We then moved on to the half dozen oysters. They're not east coast oysters but they were still pretty good. Next, jambalaya, crawfish pie, gumbo, and a mad dog. Let's just say, we can't breathe because our stomachs are so full and happy. Everything had great flavor and the portion sizes fit perfectly with the costs. Highly recommend if you don't want the fine dining of Arnauds but still want the great food and service.Came here with the family on vacation. The food was good but the value is not reflected in the price. Ordered burgers for the kids and for $9.50 you would think fries would be included, nope an additional $3.25 for that.
I had the blackened catfish and for $14.25 I got 2 red potatoes cut in half and an over seasoned pice of catfish. No rice, etc.... To go along with it. 
The service was good and friendly but I would not come here again. $56 before tip for 4 people drinking waterThe stuffed crabs are great. Nice spice few fillers. You get a good dish for $14. We are touring around checking them out. Good stuff. CasualIt isn't the best food in NOLA but it is good for Bourbon Street.
Being right on bourbon you have to expect that the crowd is going to be drunk. Once you accept that, it's a much more pleasant experience.
The food is tasty and the portions are huge, even the oysters are some of the largest I have ever seen.
Service is fine but just very slow so be prepared to flag down your waitress for everything you need.
Otherwise, not a bad experience, but not the WOW factor either.Ok - obviously this is a tourist trap.  However I was STARVING by the time I got to my hotel that I just really needed some food.  So my GF and I ducked in here.
1st of all, if you are into craft beers I hope you like Abita because they have the French Quarter on LOCK! For me, it was exactly what I needed after spending 7+ hours trying to get here from Richmond.
I started with the raw oysters.  SO GOOD.  If you just want some raw oysters I would stop by here instead of waiting in that long line for Acme.  They all come from the same place and we never saw a line here in the 3 days we spent in NOLA.
Now the not so good.  The Crawfish Étouffée while good, seemed to be an amazingly small portion from $12.95.  I am not expecting a mountain of food (even though that is what Deja Vu delivered time after time) but the order comes in a deceptively flat bottom bowl with your rice mounded in the middle.  I would not order this again.
In the end - come for the beer and oysters.  Eat your food somewhere else.The place was very nicely appointed, but the food was disappointing here. Boudin, not very good or fresh tasting. Mufaletta sandwich was very bland and served like a club. The Cajun eggrolls were watery. The service was good. We would not return.Slow. Oysters cooked have little to no flavor. Took 30 mins to get my appetizer. I'll go to ACME next timeFirst meal in New Orleans after flying in on vacation.  We wanted a place that didn't require reservations and was near our hotel.  Remoulade was perfect.  We were seated immediately.  I had the blackened catfish, my wife had the Natchitoches meat pies.  Both of us had small salads - Caesar and mixed greens.  Everything was delicious - catfish was very spicy but fresh and properly cooked.  Service was great.  All for $72 including 3 glasses of wine and the tip.Très bon service, repas cajun délicieux.  Dans une même assiette j'avais de petites  portions de différents mets cajuns.Had the Taste of Louisiana entree which included turtle soup, natchieldes pie, & crawfish etouffee. All very yummy! Hubble had crawfish pies with fries..also yummy! We could not finish it even tho we wanted to. All for $40 included tip. Server Michael was so helpful & friendly. If you aren't looking for fancied up tourist places, go here for great food!Remoulade was the first bit of New Orleans dining I experienced, and for that reason I have a very sentimental attachment.  Remoulade was right next to the cafe beignet,and seemed an easy place to stop in for a quick bite.  I came in with a large group of people, and we were accommodated very well.  Our waitress was lovely too, and have us great recommendations on what to do in the city.  
I would recommend Remoulade for their bar type food.  Their wings were awesome, and I also loved the New Orleans egg rolls.  I ordered a cat fish po boy, and after dousing it with Tabasco sauce it was delicious.  I expected a New Orleans sandwich to have a little more kick to it on its own, but I guess they are just trying to appeal tot the tourist masses.
My only gripe was the beer selection...I was forced to drink crappy Bud because they didn't carry Miller.  Oh well.  However for a quick bite to eat on Bourbon Street I would recommendHad grilled/broiled oysters, while they were good, they were very small.  I know oysters shrink when cooked but these were the smallest we had anywhere in the French Quarter.  Anyways Mariah made a great drink and was a great conversationist.  We really enjoyed talking with her and she was very knowledgable about where to go and what to see. She even gave us a small taste of the turtle soup( we were to full to have any) and it was FANTASTIC! We returned another night and had soup and a basket of bread.  While we were hoping to see Mariah again we instead were lucky to have Mathew bartending and again he was very engaging and knowledgable.  We enjoyed both bartenders and the food very much.  Would definitely returnHubby and I hit Remoulade for drinks and snacks every time we're in New Orleans. It is very casual - almost reminiscent of an old diner but very comfortable, especially when you are trying to get out of the heat. 
A couple of our favorites include the shrimp remoulade and the homemade boudin. I don't know what Louisiana does to their shrimp but they are amazingly tender and super flavorful. The remoulade sauce is bottled under the Arnaud's name which just so happens to be their sister company. You can even buy bottles of it to bring back home and enjoy! The boudin is awesome. Hot and full of flavor. I love the crackers and mustard they serve it with. 
Their hurricanes and assorted punches are deliciously potent and the service is pretty good overall. I don't know if I'd necessarily go here for dinner but I suppose you could. They have a full menu but whenever we hit up Remoulade we're mostly interested in the small bites and libations. The food comes out pretty fast which makes this a great snack stop while on Bourbon.Decent food at decent prices. Not a full bar though. Owner refuses to stock anything people mat "shoot". Lose stars for no Jameson....Fresh oysters! Service was good, my husband had the Louisiana special and ate all of it! (He's a picky eater) I ordered the wings thinking it was gonna be something special... It wasn't; just fried chicken wings. Wish I had gotten the bbq shrimp. that looked good. I would go again just to try the shrimp. Alex was very attentive and kind as a server.Ate here for lunch on a Thursday.  I got the turtle soup and the remoulade burger.  The soup was way too salty and this is coming from a guy that loves some salt.  The burger was good and cooked the way I ordered it and the remoulade was a nice touch.  A couple of coworkers got the jambalaya and were not impressed.  All the food was reasonably priced.  I wouldn't put this place on my best of New Orleans list, but I think I'd go again.Remoulade was okay for a quick lunch their apps were GREAT. I got fried pickles and they were great; two of my friends got chicken and sausage gumbo and it was AWESOME!!! I got the ham and Swiss pi-boy and it was okay. The bread was super thick and the sandwich was a little dry it was a basic sandwich so it was fine. The service was great!I was in NOLA for a business trip and wanted good cajun food. The group I was with recommended Armand's & we went there but were told it a collared shirt was required so we went to Remoulade which has the same food but cheaper. The atmosphere was very casual and chill. Great restaurant for bigger groups or a casual dinner. Our waitress was wonderful. She was very honest and recommended various options. Her top recommendation was the new orleans stuffed crab. I ordered this and it was delicious. the flavors were great! i would highly recommend. others in the group ordered oysters, the egg rolls (delicious), crawfish pie, and the new orleans platter. everyone was very happy with their food choices.  a couple people in the group ordered the brownie for dessert and i took a bite and it was good. it's very rich, but was still good. overall, this restaurant is in a great location on bourbon, the service is wonderful and the food is definitely good!We sat at the oyster bar and had a dozen oysters and a couple beers. The oysters were shucked and served quickly, and were delicious. 
Service was great, everyone was very friendly. 
I had a cappuccino before we left and it was perfection.Great food! Great staff! The entire restaurant, kitchen and restrooms were very clean. The jambalaya was amazing!! Would definitely go back. Great place for families!Seafood gumbo is delicious.  Stuffed crab was delicious.  The place is very clean and bright. And our waiter, AJ, was very friendly !Hadn't been here in 15 years and was delighted it still rocked.
The food is really good. This is a casual raw bar/fried food in a basket/light entrée type of place. The friend shrimp were juicy and very obviously fresh-not frozen, and perfectly cooked. The etouffee was the best we'd had all week and we sampled in every restaurant we visited. Nice, THICK, fresh and flavorful!
One of the things I love is it is CLEAN! Clean dining room, clean bathrooms, clean food. Very friendly staff!!
You will not be disappointed. Good prices too.Cute little restaurant with bar, oyster bar and seating. Service was friendly and prices weren't bad. I had a catfish poboy and hubby had a burger. Unfortunately, my sandwich tasted much better going down than it did coming up.Maybe it was because it was a Sunday night. I'm not sure - but the service was terrible. Over an hour waiting on our dinners. Lackluster wait staff. The food, after if was finally delivered, was just "okay" - Certainly not great, with no concern from the wait staff. We'll be skipping this restaurant the next time we're in town.Average place considering how many options there are in New Orleans. Ordered the fried catfish basket with fries. Fish was cooked perfectly and came with two really good sauces. Fries were good but looked like ordinary frozen fries. Friends ordered a salad, bacon burger and the jambalaya. Salad and burger were pretty good, jambalaya looked like uncle bens rice with some sausage in it. 
Pros- 
-Location close to bourbon 
-Fried fish basket was flavorful and had good dipping sauces 
-Nice decor 
Cons- 
-Waiter took 15 mins to ask us for our order despite only 3 other tables having patrons. 
-Waiter got order wrong and only brought half the table silverware. 
-Price range seemed on par with most places in New Orleans. 
-Burgers/Po Bos didn't come with fries. $3.99 extra 
-soda was $2.75. Did have free refills though 
Overall it was a average experience. Would go back again if we were hungry and that was one of closest places.Craw fish pie meets creole mustard. Enough said. 
Everything else was mediocre. The facilities are clean and the service was exceptional. Overall, nothing to go out your way for, but definitely a satisfying meal if you're in the quarter and everywhere else has a long wait.This is my first time to NOLA and my husband insisted we go to Bourbon street first and after 2 frozen drinks I needed food and fast! We stumbled upon Remoulade's( literally) and were immediately seated. The staff was very friendly and the restaurant was really clean. The food order arrived quickly. My husband and I both ordered the shrimp po'boy. At first glance the sandwich was huge. Then as we got down and dirty, we noticed there wasn't quite as many shrimp in there as we thought which is why I am only giving 3 1/2 stars. For the price, $11 each, I thought that there should be more shrimp but perhaps that's the norm. I will say the bread was the best I've had thus far and the staff were friendly and attentive. If you could put Acme's fried shrimp or oysters into Remoulaude's French bread, it would be hands down the perfect po'boy!My knee-jerk opinion is to give Remoulade three instead of four stars based on my own experience, but I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt based on the meals everyone else in my party had. 
First off, it should be said that my meal was definitely delicious. I'm not an expert on crawfish etouffee, but I was certainly pleased with the overall flavor and the quantity of crawfish. Problem was, the dish cost nearly $13 and consisted of perhaps 3/4 cup of veggies, crawfish, and stew base and a half cup of rice in the middle. I felt positively cheated. They could have kept the same amount of crawfish and just increased the considerably cheaper broth, veggie, and rice content of the dish and I would have been far happier, but as it was I finished my "meal" before my friends were even half way through their po'boys or seafood baskets that cost as much or even less than my ridiculously small portion.
The meals my friends had were the saving grace of the experience (and the only reason for that fourth star), in large part because their orders had so much food that they were willing and able to share. (This is perhaps something worthy of note for first time diners - po'boys, nachos, and seafood baskets come with plenty of food while the etouffee is apparently the kiddie platter.)  Thus I can vouch for the fried oysters, shrimp, fries, and the delicious remoulade, which is worthy of its reputation.
Service, which is also usually one of my pet peeves, was a little on the slow side, but without another experience to compare it to, I'm going to chalk this up to the fact that our waitress was in the process of being trained that day. I've been there myself, so I'm inclined to be generous.
I'm really going to need another visit to get a proper read on this place, but I certainly won't object to another trip to NOLA. I'll be sure to update when I do.Maître d' wouldn't seat us because we were carrying 1/3 of a cup full of Diet Coke from Wendy's and was very rude about it.The wait was ridiculous and not worth the wait! The food was not good. I ended up returning the seafood bisque, nasty! One of the people in my party's food was cold, after waiting all that time. I spoke with the manager and she was rude also . Never again!Food wasn't bad, just nothing special.  Service was the best.  Meals included shrimp creole and fried shrimp basket.  It is more casual than it's namesake.I wouldn't suggest dining anywhere on Bourbon Street. It wasn't completely horrible for an over priced, grocery store shrimp serving, tourist trap, but it wasn't good either. Tourist tip: steer clear of restaurants that self-proclaim "best ________ in town!" Anyhow, I had just gotten off of the airplane, was hungry, and it was down the street from my hotel. It served its purpose at the time, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it for authentic New Orleans cuisine.