I had a wonderful meal here one evening after my in-laws made reservations for four as a Christmas present.  It's a newer restaurant from John Folse, located in the Royal Sonesta Hotel, not far from Bourbon street.
The ambiance was lovely and inviting, with nice touches from unique light fixtures to a little "ottoman" for holding your purse.
The food was well thought out and delicious.  We started with a charcuterie board...it was just meat, no cheese.  There were all sorts of sliced meats, as well as terrine, pate and pickled veggies, with some mustard and other sauces on the side.  The meats were good; it was a nice start.  I then indulged in a half dozen of the oysters on the half shell R'evolution style.  They were so fresh and tasty.  Two of them had a tangerine salsa, another two had lime granita and the others were simply decorated with parsley or something.  They were all very tasty, especially the ones with lime granita.  No cocktail sauce is needed for these.
For my entree, I had the homemade ribbon pasta with crab and leeks.  It was so savory and the perfect meal for someone who doesn't want a heavy dish.  You can really tell a difference in fresh homemade pasta from the dried pasta...it's so delicious.  I ordered the gruyere potatoes au gratin as a side...yum!  Those were some tasty layered, cheesy potatoes.  My husband had the orange molasses duck with turnips and prunes.  It was different, but in a pleasant way.
For dessert, we had the coffee and beignets.  The coffee being, mocha pots de creme.  It was served with black fig jam, which I tried, but decided to ignore.  I liked the beignets simply with the pot de creme.
Service was attentive, when they were around, but it was a slower paced meal in general.  I look forward to (hopefully) getting to eat here for a special occasion next time I'm in New Orleans. :)  Even their bar menu sounds fantastic!One of the best restaurants I've been to ever and definitely the best fine dining in New Orleans. The food was absolutely fantastic and the ambience and decor was great. Would go back every time I was in New Orleans.My wife and I went here for Sunday brunch. I had the Eggs R'evolution and she had the Eggs with Beef Debris. The food was excellent, but the service was subpar. 
First, we were seated for around 10 minutes before our server arrived to take our drink orders, then the cocktails took a long time to arrive.  Second, the server forgot to put in our side order of grits. The second blow was, admittedly,  somewhat softened by the fact that they gave us free Lobster Gnocchi (which was delightful) as a side because of the wait and we were also given a delicious amuse bouche of Crab Beignets before anything else came out. There's still something about not getting a dish that you ordred that sticks in your craw though... We had the White Chocolate Bread Pudding for dessert and it was fantastic.
On a side note, make sure you do the math before you order from the Prix Fixe menu. On the date that we were there, the dishes added up to around $12 LESS if you ordered them à la carte. We couldn't make sense of that one and it felt a bit like a scam for the unwary...
Finally, the ambience was a little too Commander's Palace-y for us (with the name of the restaurant, we expecting something more modern), but we agreed we'd both look past all the flaws and go back again because the food was so delicious.I'm fortunate to have had a lot of excellent dining experiences in New Orleans. Restaurant Revolution is head and shoulders above its lofty peers. Room is lovely, service is perfect  - attentive and relaxed at the same time. Everyone from Maitre De to busboy made me feel welcome (that meant more than usual to me as I was dining alone). And the food!  Best foie gras I've had in the United States - hands down, no contest. A perfect brûlée crust on the outside with a touch of sea salt, melting on the inside, all on a bed of thinly sliced peaches. The shrimp and grits were inspiring. 4 enormous crispy shrimp atop mascarpone grits with a generous splash of creole sabayon on the side. The 3 element came together sensationally. Really a superlative meal.My boyfriend and I were celebrating our one year anniversary together and picked here last night. My first time eating there but not his. Everything went great from Valet, hostess, management to my favorite waitstaff Scott, Isaac, and Deshawn. They made the night memorable with their excellent service, professionalism, and knowledge of food and drinks. We had several appetizers including bone marrow yum to short rib and scallops with Foie Gras delicious thank you u highly recommend this place love the atmosphere as well!Quiet though almost directly on Bourbon Street. Good food but does not exceed expectations that are driven high by the prices. They put on a bit of a show with food and service, but it is all a bit artificial and clumsy. We were ok with the place but would try a different one next time. The white (Sauvignon blanc Cliff Lede from CA), $65, came warm, but when they got it chilled it was a dream!Trip #2 in 2 days. Sat at the bar (the bartender was awesome) and had turtle soup, cheese and pate. Everything was awesome!This place is faaaannncy... and in a very good way... where they make you feel like you are super special just because you are dining here.
We were very lucky to stumble into R'evolution at 10:30 pm on a Friday night while we were walking around looking for some late night food, preferably involving foie gras (since we were in town only for the weekend and foie is mercilessly illegal in California).  They were seating until 11:00 pm and happy to take us.
The place is beautiful... with an old school charm.. you definitely want to dress up a bit if coming here.
We let them know that we'd just be having some appetizers, and they did not treat us any less for it, sending out a complimentary drink as well as a starter.
We each had the seared foie gras and split oysters (both cold and fire roasted)... everything was AMAZING although there was a bit too much fruit for the amount of foie gras that was served, but that's probably to make the dish look larger considering you are paying $36 for it.  Totally worth it.
For the kicker.. they send out complimentary desserts to each table that comes in a mini chest of drawers that looks like a jewelry box.  We saw the boxes on everyone's tables but didn't know what they were, or we wouldn't have ordered dessert also (we had the ice cream, which I ordered mostly as a palette cleanser).
R'evolution was absolutely perfect and exactly what we were looking for...I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to eat there, and hope to be back for a full meal )(and some more special treatment) at some point.Great atmosphere. Great service.  Great food.  The death by gumbo is amazing.  Highly recommend!One of the very best dinners that I have ever had. Really, it could not have been any better. I started with the turtle soup, then crab beignets, then seared redfish. Perfect. And with three people waiting our table, a wine list with hundreds of bottles, and a magical jewel box ending....it was an exquisite experience. I wish I could give more than 5 stars. (and, btw, my husband also has turtle soup & scallop entree, we each had a cocktail, glass of wine, and espresso.... the bill was an even $200.....worth every penny! a real bargain for what we had)Restaurant R'evolution..."Spectacular evening! "
We were here a few nights ago March 26 for my birthday! What can we say but nothing short of spectacular! From the food to the service we could not say enough good things about this evening! We were lucky enough to have Travis be our server! (Thank you George as well) From start to finish he guided us through a amazing experience with signature appetizers to best of the main courses, and finally tantalizing desserts! Travis was on point with every suggestion you offered us that was on par with what we were looking for for first New Orleans dining experience. We were also very lucky at the end of the evening, end it with a short tour around the entire restaurant with a brief history of it's magnificent renovation of all the rooms and even visit to the kitchen! We will definitely be returning to Revolution on our next visit! Top notch food and team!  The only issues we had was we had to wait 45 minutes for a pre reserved table in the mural room. This should not have happened but once we were seated the night was flawless.I've been holding off on writing this review to give this place the chance to resolve my dispute with them about being overcharged.  It has been a week now, and nothing has happened.  They promised to correct the problem, and the overcharge still appears on my credit card account, so I have filed a dispute with my bank.  I would HIGHLY recommend anyone who dines here to check their receipts.  You would think a really shady dive bar would pull stuff like this.  I was even thinking about not checking my receipts to my credit card accounts anymore because of all the work and the fact that I have NEVER been overcharged by a restaurant EVER.  Of all the places I get overcharged, it's this supposed upscale place.  Honestly, the problems they cause when a customer catches them overcharging, is it really worth the few extra bucks?  This is ridiculous.  I am tempted to file a complaint with the City of New Orleans.  Yes, the decor is nice, but looks can be deceiving.  The service was also terrible and I complained, so maybe they reward you with a complaint by overcharging you.We went for brunch and had the Debris and Eggs, which were fatty and semi-flavorless and the Lobster Gnocchi, which was good, but a very small portion. The sauce is heavy, but the gnocchi was so light I could have eaten more.
The restaurant is beautiful, but It's very pricey, even for brunch.
We had the trio of ice creams at the end and found the peanut butter to be most delicious. I also enjoyed the toasted marshmallow.
We went for my birthday, and they brought out three tiny (really tiny) profiteroles on the house, but I was surprised that there is not more fanfare for special occasions.
Service was very slow, and they were not prepared for people with reservations at their opening time.
I might try dinner there, but I wasn't impressed with their brunch, particularly knowing that one of the owners is from Tru in Chicago.This is one of the best restaurants I have ever eaten at.  The food was phenomenal.Had a lovely dinner here Saturday evening.  The food was amazing as well as the staff.  The restaurant has beautiful décor and is a jewel of the French Quarter.  Highly recommended! Chef John Folse and his team do an extraordinary job of creating lovely dishes with layers of flavor - the best!We went here for our first real meal in New Orleans and really enjoyed it. The crab beignets alone are worth an entire star. The environment is upscale and very pleasant. The service was great. The rest of the food I thought was quite good, though maybe not quite up to par for the price point, but no real complaints. We got tournedos oscar and gluwein duck. They have a good beer list, but its heavily weighted toward higher end, large format bottles. So you might have a hard time finding something for just one person. Sazerac was good. All around a really nice place.Came here for brunch on our trip to NOLA and it was such a great spot. They had live jazz playing and the staff was super friendly. Our waiter recommended a couple of dishes to try and they were all a hit. The bloody marys here are great as well.  Crème Fraîche Biscuits were what we started with and they were sooo good. Perfectly flacky biscuits. The quail and waffle was amazing with some sweet and spice on it. Order the Debris Grillades and Gravy it is a big portion, but the flavors are just phenomenal. Do not skip out on their cream cheese bread pudding. It is the perfect ending to brunch.Most amazing restaurant in town in a trendy place, with fabulous service and perfect fusion food, local cuisine and the best fresh ingredients!The tasting menu is always a great thing here.  The cocktails are excellent, the wine list is Divine.  This is one of the best restaurants in NOLA.  We will be back again and again...New Orleans has amazing food. It's just a fact. In a city with such delicious options, it's gotta be hard to stand out. Great food isn't enough here, because there are just so many places that have it. So, as a business, how do you set yourselves apart?
R'evolution certainly found a solution. I know that the concept of a private chef's table isn't novel, but they do it incredibly well. It was my first time eating like this (beyond a birthday dinner in the kitchen at Buca di Beppo) and I really didn't know what to expect when we went for my sister's birthday.
We were led through the restaurant and into a large room with a circular table. Our private dining room overlooked the main kitchen and had a window on our side, and a mirror on theirs. This was nice, because otherwise it might have felt creepy just staring at the pastry chef making an anniversary cake knowing they could see us. There was also a television screen that showed the kitchen in the main dining room. That was awesome because we got to see them prepare some of our food before we ate it. We had a great time guessing if the food was ours, and watching the cool cooking techniques they used.
Our meal was led by what I can only call our food tour guide. Much like a tour through a city, we were led through the meal by an expert on the ins and outs of the restaurant and its menu. If we had a question he answered it; if we needed something he made it happen. Our guide wasn't intrusive though, and I was really impressed by how personable he was without barging into our family meal. 
I wasn't too involved in the wine selection, but there was an extremely knowledgable sommelier who popped in throughout our meal. The wines were all excellent, but I can't really tell you more than that because I don't know much about wine at all.
We started off with an amuse bouche. This little ladle was packed with a flavorful concoction that really did set the tone for the meal. I never thought much of this concept, but it was really done well. It wasn't an overly fancy and fussy thing even though thats what I always thought amuse bouche's were. 
Our first course was meats, and while we were ordering we mentioned that it would be delicious with some cheese. To which the tour guide asked if he could also bring us a selection of cheeses. That is one of the best questions I have ever been asked, of course you can bring me cheese. 
The meats and cheeses were absolutely delicious. We had a jar of ribs (it sounds weird but it wasn't) that I could have eaten every day. My favorite part of this was definitely the bleu cheese they brought out. It was a distinct flavor and the texture was perfectly smooth and crumbly. There was so much meat and cheese to choose from that we had to hold back so we didn't get full during the first course.
Next, we had appetizers. They were good, but I have to be honest I can't even remember what mine was. So it really must not have been life changing.
For dinner I ordered the veal chop, and to this day I miss it. The chop was pounded thin and lightly breaded, while still being tender and juicy. And it was huge. There was really no end to this delectable piece of meat, so I just could not finish it. It got even better when combined with the mouth-watering truffle mashed potatoes. These were some of the best mashed potatoes I have ever had, and believe me I have eaten many many mashed potatoes.
To finish the meal, desserts were ordered. My favorite part was when we were also brought a tiered tray full of assorted sweets to add to the desserts that we ordered. I absolutely loved the homemade caramels. They sweetly brought my sister out a cake and we all agreed that the 
I was extremely full by this point. But we still had a tour of the kitchens on the schedule, so I waddled around trying not to run into anyone in the bustling kitchen. Everyone was really busy back there, and no wonder since as we left we exited through a packed restaurant. 
More than a meal, R'evolution offered us a really cool experience that we could relax and enjoy. There wasn't a thing I would change about the night or the food, and I think that's a rare feat.Well executed Louisiana cuisine with contemporary flair. Lovely set up for wonderful dinner.i went to this place for dinner with my girlfriend. since the waiting was too long for table we had to sit at the bar. the food is excellent, service was good too. i would give 4 or 5 stars if l had a table.went with some good friends about two weeks ago and was glad we went
recommend:
veal sweetbreads - the best dish we had
marrow
crab beignets 
not my favorite: 
duck 3 way
quail 3 way
oyster salad
some veal dish
so many things on the menu - so much to try
try to get a table that's in the kitchen seating area, looks awesome
if we don't do that, will probably sit at the bar and order a bunch of appetizers although the gnocci looked really good
they bring you a dessert box that's complimentary with the meal - it's awesome
plan on going back again a few more times to try different dishesI am well traveled and R'evolution is a reason to return to New Orleans on its own. I can't imagine a better meal. In fact, we are returning again for lunch. The Crab Beignets with 4 Remoulades were light as air. I really didn't want to share. My all time favorite appetizer is Bone Marrow and these Brick Oven roasted one were easily the best. And Death by Gumbo could be dinner. If you go the person you want to wait on you is Jimi. If the food weren't so good she would be a reason to visit. And don't leave without a tour of the kitchen. Chefs Folse and Tramonto thank you for a world class restaurant.My all-time favorite restaurant in New Orleans. The service in impeccable, the atmosphere is sophisticated and the food is to die for. The crab beignets, death by gumbo, lobster gnocchi, and panned veal chop were among the favorites.Let me start with the one negative I have about this place and get it out of the way, it was FREEZING. I'm not sure if this was the normal temperature here but we all had goosebumps and this is in a city where you're usually dying for any sort of ac or even a slight breeze. We had to keep stepping outside to warm up for a few minutes in between courses.
Moving on, this place is definitely fancy and we wished that we had dressed a little nicer as most of the men were wearing jackets and the women dresses. I didn't notice a difference in treatment, just felt a little under dressed. Then again, I really would have been freezing. 
I got the crab beignets and lobster gnocchi for an entree. I also sampled some of the duck and redfish napoleon. Everything was very good but my lobster gnocchi looked better than it was and I actually liked the redfish napoleon the best. The crab beignets were amazing and to me, the best part of the meal.  They come with 4 little bites, all with different sauces so I would recommend getting one to yourself. A friend also highly recommended his appetizer, Death by Gumbo.
Although they all looked very good, we were too full to order a dessert. Turned out it was a good thing we didn't because they bring out this little box of drawers to every table with different chocolates in each one. It was a nice way to top off the meal and sufficient for all 4 of us at the table. 
Overall, while slightly overpriced, definitely worth trying if you are traveling to New Orleans.Best 5-Star restaurant.  Was in town and planned a 6-course dinner for 75+ clients.  There were so many thank-yous and everyone went on and on about the excellent food and service.  
I really  made points with my clients.  Chef  John Folse personally met everyone of my guests. 
The professionalism of the staff and service personnel could not be matched.  This is how a restaurant should be. Fine  dining at its best.WOW.  This place is amazing.  Even sat in the bar area (tried for weeks to get a reservation) and even that was a great experience.  Tried SO many dishes off the menu and they were all great.  The accoutrement that you receive with the different meat is absolutely delicious.  The sweet onions and the jams were great!  The lobster gnocci is so rich, but worth it!So this will be the first time I leave a negative review on Yelp.  I typically only review my most positive experiences but given that this restaurant was supposed the be the "premier fine dining restaurant in NOLA", I am making an exception.  To start, the restaurant will only hold your reservation for 15 minutes or you can lose your table.  We arrived promptly on time and our table wasn't ready for more than 20 minutes.  Respecting time needs to be a two way street.  When we sat down we were cordially greeted by our team of 3 waiters, one of which was clearly the head waiter.  HE NEVER CAME BACK TO OUR TABLE until we were finished with our meal.  We asked that the somm choose a French wine based on our tastes and gave the waiter a range we were comfortable spending.  The somm never actually came over to discuss our choices and simply made a blind suggestion and gave it to the waiter.  They did not bring our wine until the middle of our 2nd course and never told us the price of the wine they chose.  When we got the bill, the wine was $20 over the highest end of price range I was comfortable spending.  The wine too was not nearly as good as I thought it should be for spending $200 on a bottle but I understand that could be my taste buds and not on them.  I must give credit where its due. The food itself was very good, the menu choices excellent and our 2nd waiter in command (Luke) was very good as well.  I've had the privilege to eat at the some of the highest end, fine dining restaurants in NY and Napa so I'm not unfamiliar with these types of restaurants and experience.   But here's the bottom line, Food is food.  When you eat at a restaurant like this you're paying for service and experience and it simply wasn't delivered.  Disappointing experience especially considering they asked 3 times if we were celebrating a special occasion and we told them we were.One of the best meals my mom and I ever shared. The food was incredible. Staff was super friendly and helpful as well. (Travis was awesome.) I'll definitely be recommending this restaurant to my friends.Exceptional food and service!  Very creative dishes.  Wonderful ambiance.  Would definitely recommend!  The cioppino is divine and so is the quail.Identity crisis with over-the-top presentation.
Food on-par with August, but there's much more attention to presentation here.  Very unique dish-ware for each course.  Fun "box of goodies" to end the meal, too.
Menu is a bit scattered: there's a selection of Italian cured meats, potted meats and terrines, caviar, and steaks.  So, I found myself asking, "Are you a steak house?  A French bistro?  An Italian café?"  
About $100 per person, gratuity and wine included.I'm not sure how many fine-dining establishments are in New Orleans, but Restaurant R'Evolution is definitely one of them. I came here on Halloween night and it was quite a sight to see everyone in costumes eating at a multi-course meal. 
The restaurant is very spacious with several rooms spread out, there is also a door leading outside to this little garden walkway (I couldn't really explore because it was pouring outside). 
The ambience was romantic; quiet and clean. 
My favorite dish was the snapping turtle and deviled quail egg soup. The quail eggs was a flavorful twist on the classic deviled eggs and enhanced the flavor of the soup. I'm not a native of "N'awlins" but I felt that this creole snapping turtle soup had the essence of the city with the exotic meat and spiced broth. Pungent but not overwhelming. Also, snapping turtle just tastes like ground beef.  
The tuna crudo had bits of caviar on the tuna which didn't really add much to the overall flavor but was a nice touch. The pickled vegetables on the side must've been for decorative purposes only because the tartness of the pickled dishes didn't pair well with the fishy, saltiness of the caviar and tuna. A nice dish, but I wouldn't order it again. 
I also enjoyed the Creole Bouillabaisse but the portion was a bit small. Again, the broth was spiced but not overwhelming. 
The dinner ended on a playful note with a complimentary petite fours box.
Overall, I really enjoyed Restaurant R'evolution and would definitely come again. This was my favorite restaurant that I had visited during my weekend in NOLA.Another great restaurant in New Orleans. Excellent service to add. The servers had excellent knowledge of the menu and made some great suggestions. The food was delicious but to tell you the truth every plate that passed us by looked scrumptious.Yummmm- great fancy dinner with an amazing experience, food, & service. Crab beignets are to die for; lobster gnocchi was rich but tasty to share! Filet was so good. You can add any sauces to it. The chocolate smores soufflé for desert was the best thing ever. Can't wait for another birthday in the famCame here for high reviews and good looking menu. Had 8:30 reservation and got right in. Chose to sit in lounge area to watch world series. Waitress brought drink menu and left. Waited 25 minutes for anyone to come back to table. Nice formal atmosphere. Got red fish and fries. Food came out very quickly. Fries were hot, fish cold (maybe was waiting on fries to bring out?). Not very impressed with fries sauces. Fish was very tasty, but pulled 4-5 bones out of my mouth. Service 2, food flavor 4, Food quality 3. Fairly expensive especially for short comings.The food was fantastic. The food was five stars. Why the two stars? Our service was deplorable. He lacked personality and kindness, as well as helpfulness. I had to use the restroom-I can accidentally brushed shoulders with him-I apologized; then he replied,"you should be!!" What and the!?  Maybe he had a bad day, but we all have them. It doesn't mean you should leave your customer feeling awkward and embarrassed while they try and enjoy their meal.Best Wine selection. Beautiful jewlery box  with a complimentary dessert at end of meal very classy touch. Everything was beautiful, great attentive service and coffee. The apps were excellent and the steak entree butter. I have to say one of the best experiences I've had in Nola. I stayed at the Royal Sonesta beautiful hotel even better restaurants including desire for breakfast.Went for dinner on New Year's Eve and arrived 15minutes before reservation and were seated promptly. The service is fantastic and we had about three different people tending our needs. Ordered oysters as a starter and it made me wonder why people stand in line in other places, those were the Best oysters I had in New Orleans. For dinner I ordered the lamb chops that were cooked to perfection (medium). This is a fine dining experience but you may find yourself tempted to lose your table manners (as I did) because the food is finger licking delicious. I did my research before making a reservation here and it was worth it. The corkage fee is $50 so we ended up getting cocktails instead of bringing our own special bottle that we carried in our luggage. I ordered a Manhattan and it was well mixed. He had a local Amber beer.Wow. Everything was so delicious. The service was impeccable. We had the death by gumbo, oyster salad, roasted bone marrow, and the filet. This was my first trip but a return for my friends. Can't wait to go again!Brilliant place. 
However, they screwed up my vegetarian dish. I ordered Risotto with special instructions that I need it Vegetarian. It had some small bacon pieces. 
Upon noticing and complaining, the chef immediately replaced it and at the end gave some in-house desserts!We dined here on a Friday night. I had 5:30 reservations, but the streetcar broke down and we didn't make it until after 6:00! The staff seated us immediately and gave us time to "unwind" after our ordeal. We were treated like royalty! Kudos to Sam! She was awesome, and gave us excellent recommendations. She is a true professional! We had multiple appetizers that were extraordinary! For the entree I had the Seared Sea Scallops and Foie Gras. One of the best meals I have ever eaten! My girlfriend had the bouillabaisse and couldn't stop raving about it. We topped that off with a chocolate souffle that was to die for. Expensive, but worth every dime of it! Could not have been a better experience.Came with the wife three months ago and this place didn't disappoint. The Death by Gumbo was worth killing over!! Cajun fried oyster salad was seasoned to perfection. Fired roasted oysters were like Rockefeller but with better seasoning. Shrimp Fricassee and Grits were some of the best I've had. Triptych of Quail was what my wife had and its was so good sharing was not an option! The drinks were excellent! The Decision was my favorite and my wife liked the Colt's Neck. Molten Chocolate Soufflé is a must for dessert. Service was excellent! I will be back in N.O. soon!Visited New Orleans for the first time and was looking for a romantic night out. This place delivered like a mother fudger. The service was OUTSTANDING. From start to finish, they provide proper service; placing napkins on your lap, walking you to the restroom, handing the menu to the woman first, removing any dirty dishes, explaining each dish as it's set down in front of you, and all the other little things that are done with proper service etiquette. The Staff works as a team here. Our Captain, Alex, was attentive, yet unobtrusive. Brandon spent the most time with us, he was superb, friendly, extremely knowledgeable about the menu, making excellent recommendations and the dishes were exactly how he described them to be. Hats off the the Chef and all of the hard workers in the kitchen who so beautifully prepared such a delicious spread as well. The wine selection is exquisite and extensive, with 10,000 (maybe more?) bottles to choose from. The Sommelier, Steve, was complimentary on the bottles my date had chosen and made great recommendations for a wine that had quite a similar profile to one we were looking for. (And it was delish.) Steve spoke eloquently about the wine selection with my date, (who happens to work in the wine industry and is a sommelier himself). He definitely knew his ish. We sat in a corner booth, which was comfortable and spacious, yet cozy and an absolute perfect spot for dining next to the one you love. The Manager, Luis, also took time to speak with us at the end of the evening. I was nervous walking through Bourbon street to get here, wondering if the environment would be similar to the partying that goes on in the street. However, as soon as you walk in the door, the ambience of this place takes over and you're transported to this dream of elegance, and it comes without being pretentious. Walking in the door feels like that scene in the movie, "A Little Princess", where she is in that wretched attic, but wakes up in that huge beautiful bed. This is the longest Review I've ever written, if you're still reading this, I apologize. I was just sooo very, very pleased with the entire experience here, I'm at a loss for words if you can't tell. I can't believe this thing hasn't cut me off ye
Hahaha, just kidding, it's not Twitter.
In all honesty and sincerity, this very well may have been my top dining experience to date. And I've eaten almost daily since, as far back as I can remember, really. Some might even say I'm an expert at it. 
Bottom line, this place is the bees knees. Check it out and spend all your money here. 
It's so. Very. worth it. 
Cheers!Place has great ambience and excellent service, food is presented in style and cooked to perfection. A must visit, although costly.We finally got here Sunday and had a wonderful meal.  Food & service were impeccable.  Chef Folse is the absolute undisputed authority on Cajun foods.  Selections are a mix of continental (a large covered cheese tray with numerous choices), Cajun-modern, and some interesting Italian-American pastas & deserts.
Everything, even the smallest item, is wonderful.  Most are made in-house or at Folse's personal dairy up-River.
Very casual bar-area has full menu, too.
Dress casual.  I saw a guy in jeans.  Park in Sonesta valet area, give ticket to maitre'd, your car will be brought to front door; $10 parking fee.
Our bill was around $330 for two, several courses; but, we had Dom-P and a drinks bill of around $160 or 170.  Plus, tip about $50, $10 parking, & valet tips.
If one is careful, could get out for around $200/couple.  And, it is very, very worth it.  But, this is NOT the place to "be careful" !
Chef Folse never disappoints.  Tramonta, previously unfamiliar to us, is also terriffic !
R'evolution is a must-try !  We think this is the best new place ever, maybe the very best restaurant in the City !
Over the years, we have tried all of John Folse's restaurants, products, & publications.  He is a perfectionist with tremendous expertise and taste.  He has never failed to make us happy.
Please read the other reviews here; we agree with them all.
RickMy wife and I are both Gluten Free and although they don't do a separate menu they are able to make most things Gluten Free.  The food was amazing!  We split the tomahawk ribeye for two and it was the second best steak I've ever had (behind only Craftsteak in Las Vegas).  I would have went 5 stars but there were a few times in the meal when our wine glasses were empty.  Overall I was extremely impressed and would highly recommend!Arrived without a reservation and was seated at a lovely table.  Service and food was excellent!Lots of show and not quite enough substance.  With its beautiful decor, this is a stunning restaurant that seemed to offer the promise of the best in New Orleans. I was very hopeful that R'evolution would deliver on this promise but , in the end, I was a bit disappointed.
The appetizers were good but not great.  The seafood gumbo lacked seasoning and the death by gumbo was very interesting but was a bit too deconstructed to allow for one to enjoy all the components together in a the way that makes gumbo perfect.
As for the entrees, the pork chop was delicious and perfected cooked...but the  brussel sprout side was overcooked. Similarly, the greens were very flavorful but the scallops were overwhelmed by the foie.
All in all, this was a good meal....but sadly not great. Given the beautiful decor and big budget, I expect this will improve over time but worry that they will mainly thrive on the tourists who may not demand perfection and thus their desire to make small changes could wane.Had Sunday Brunch. Jeffery,our waiter, was beyond exceptional. 
Had the lobster gnocchi. Too Good. Wife had Eggs Benedict. Scrumptious!!  Friend had eggs anyway with meat. More than expected and great!!
Then Jeffery took us on a tour of the wine cellar and kitchen.  Over the top!!!
Nice way to start the day. 
Oh - the Pimms cup was different and now is like another!!!Excellent service, one of the best meals I have ever eaten.  Highly recommend this place.We were very happy to discover this restaurant in New Orleans. Service was great, waiters were nice and helpful, they even shakes our hands at the end! Food was great as well. It is very hard to be impressed by food in  NO because of high competition of great famous restaurants with classic Cajun cuisine. But Restaurant R'evolution brings classic recipes to a new level with modern touch. And the jewelry box with sweets was a cherry on a top! We definitely will be back to our new favorite restaurantBeautiful room.  Professional staff.  I had the scallops and they were really good.  Not sure what my wife had - looked like pho and it was even better than my scallops.  The portions are a bit on the small side for the appetizers, basically if you share an appetizer you'll only get one bite.  Clearly a 5 star restaurant.Scallops, lobster gnocchi, crap beignets, beef tartare, asparagus, turbodog chocolate cake, creme brûlée, were all fantastic.  Simply one of the best meals I've had.  Paired with a 2012 Caymus it was awesome.Can't even!! Out of this world. Start to finish. I will be back again and again. I'm from Chicago praying they open there as well.My new fav  restaurant  NOLA ! Lively but not noisey , sat in the back by the kitchen fun to watch the going ons. lovely decor back there too, a special stool to place your purse on- really. Cocktails were nicely done. Food was over the top yummy. Yes the beer batter crab is good- thanks for that tip, also the fresh oysters. Had the flounder that was stuffed with crawfish, beautiful to look at and eat, Hubs had the beefy thing cooked just right. Save room for the banana foster souffle flamed at your table. Chef came out and chatted, what a warm nice guy. You have got to try this place!You will be thrilled. My husband and I had dinner here during a business trip. It is pricey but not expensive because the value of the experience is worth it. We began with the Death by Gumbo which is well pictured here on Yelp. Delicious layers of flavor and the quail just kills it. I then had the Beet Salad and hubby had the Fried oyster blue cheese salad. We both liked mine and loved his, which was a deconstructed classic wedge with delicious oysters added. Yum. For mains, I had the scallops with foie gras and he had the paneed veal chop. Both were fabulous. We finished with bread pudding.  The environment is classy, warm and quiet, which we both enjoy over the noisy environments of most restaurants. The service was friendly, attentive and reverent. There were two mistakes made BUT the staff owned and apologized for both. Overall, a five star experience. Just go, you will be happy you did.I was so excited when my husband told me that he had made reservations to eat at R'evolution while we were visiting New Orleans. I had heard great things and started salivating just hearing about the menu. Upon arrival, we noticed the meat fridges where much of the charcuterie is aged and made in house! Naturally we had to try some and we ordered the "pig out board" to split. We also had a hard time resisting the bread which was served warm and very good and a nice little surprise was the amuse bouche that the chef prepared for us. We had been told that we had to try the "death by gumbo" starter which is a roasted quail stuffed with gumbo! Wow! Incredibly delicious and unique! For our main course, I tried the scallops with foie gras! They were divine! We brought our own wine but spent a good amount of time exploring the wine menu which was on an iPad. Some great selections. We each enjoyed a glass of white wine to start before opening our Napa Cab that we brought with! We were too full for dessert, but of course, the pastry chef prepared a little box of treats for us that we couldn't resist! I loved it, the ambiance and the flavors and the overall feel! I also loved hearing that John Folse, the chef and owner is a devout Catholic! If anyone wants to see the beauty of sharing the gifts that God has given you, you must eat here!This place was so good, I had the beer battered crab beignets and the fried quail and waffle. Both dishes were appetizers, but very filling and flavorful. Definitely will be one of my go to places when I visit New Orleans!Surprisingly very good!!! Not what I expected 
Seafood gumbo
Crayfish stuffed Napoleon 
Yummy cocktails! 
Bread pudding- mediocre; pass on thisBefore coming to New Orleans I did some research because I wanted to do one really great stand out meal during our visit.  When I read the interesting menu for R'evolution and saw the great reviews, I made a reservation.  What a fabulous meal from start to finish. Service was spot on and hospitable. The food was delicious and creative.  Standouts were the crab beignets, the fabulous ribeye (perfectly prepared) asparagus with a lovely light sauce, gnocchi with generous portions of lobster and homemade ice cream for dessert.  Though a bit on the pricey side, this place was well worth it for a special unforgettable meal.This is my first supposedly fine dining experience and I think it was decent, but without the "wow" factor. The highlight was friendly and attentive services, delicious drinks and great entree. I was slightly disappointted with the turtle soup, and the creme brulee pudding dessert. The charboiled oyster was OK. 
The decoration, the table and the dinnerwares are definitely beautiful and elegant. I had the scallop with foie gras and truffle. I for the first time sort of recognize the flavor of truffle (I sort of think that is the flavor, I wasnot sure). I had a cold and the aroma kind blend with everything else going on. The foie gras does not have much flavor (I think) by itself, but the texture is so rich and it was a full big piece. The only complaint was the foie gras was luke warm. I am not sure whether it was supposed to be like that or different items were cooked seperately and it just happened the foie gras cooled off before everything else was ready. 
The scallop was spot on, ever so slightly caramelzed on both sides and tender in the center. The thin celery pieces perfectly balanced with the richness. 
I heard the mixed seafood dish was pretty good as well. I had a bite. The flavor was full, sophisticated, yet balanced and not overpowering. 
The turtle soup is somewhat a let down. The deviled quail eggs were cute, but the soup was too salty and doesnot have much else going on. 
The dessert was pretty to look at. But the flavor was very one dimensional and a little too sweet for me. I would wish for a better ending for the otherwise great meal. 
Lastly, I had a glass of riesling and my companion had a cocktail drink. Both were refreshing and very tasty. 
Overall, a passing score I guess. But as my first fine dining, I was hoping to be impressed, surprised not just fed. Maybe I should not place much expectation on a single meal.Went here for my birthday dinner and was really impressed! The ambience here is fancy and very classy. Parking can be a pain here so the taxi was suggested. The waiters and overall service were really good! Everyone was formal and embraced the humor and weirdness our table had.
Most importantly, this was such an enjoyable dining experience! I went with a party of seven so we got a lot of stuff to try:
-Death by gumbo: Really neat dish. They pour the broth table side and all the ingredients of the gumbo is stuffed in a quail! It was the first time trying it but it definitely was gamey. 
-Oysters on the Half Shell R'evolution Style: I'm a huge oyster fan and these things are DELICIOUS! They're not raw but cooked and the flavor is amazing! Presentation is also appealing! MUST GET!! 
-Beer-battered Crab Beignets: Comes with four beignets per order. Each beignet uniquely came with a different sauce, each one was yummy! And the batter wasn't too thick which is kind of my pet peeve for anything fried. Must get!!
-Beets salad was really good, small portion though! Must get if you're a beets fan!
-Citrus salad was okay, grapefruit tasted funny to me for some reason. Slightly bigger portion than the beets salad though. 
-Tajarin with Jumbo Lump Crab Meat: This was kind of a let down for me. The crab was good but the dish was a little too "seafoody" for me. It's ok. 
-Sheep Ricotta Gnocchi with Lobster: I wasn't a fan of this just because the vanilla was on the strong side for me but if you love vanilla you'd probably like it. 
-Crawfish-stuffed Flounder Napoleon: Loved this seafood dish! MUST GETT! 
-IF YOU LOVE MEAT YOU HAVE TO HAVE TO HAVE TO GET Braised Boneless Short Ribs and "Bird in the Cage". The meat is soooooo tenderrrr and it's literally like a burst of flavor exploding in your mouth...yea THAT good! 
Of all the desserts: 
-Ice cream: Crunchy Peanut Butter and Toasted Marshmallow was amazing!!!!!! Red Velvet Creole Cream Cheese was disappointing and whatevers. 
-Bananas Foster Soufflé: Order early because it takes 20 minutes to rise. But it's definitely worth the wait!!!! MUST GETTT!!!
-Turbodog Stout Chocolate Cake: so so for me. It was a little too rich for my personal taste. 
-White Chocolate Bread Pudding Crème Brûlée: BEST DESSERT HANDS DOWN. I WOULD HAVE ORDERED TWO!! 
Such an awesome dining experience overall!Man, it's been awhile since I've written anything....but I hope to get back to it.
Let me begin by saying this place was ALL CLASS!! 
Service, food, and ambiance were great!
We were a group of 11 guys for a bachelor party.  We had reservations and we were promptly seated at the time reserved near the kitchen.  Our table was also near the cured meats area that are designed to be part of the backdrop.  For a meat lover like me, it was awesome.
Keith was our main man serving us, but the whole staff was awesome.  I just cannot say enough about the service here.  I can go on, but you get the idea.
With such a large group, we basically let Keith choose our appetizers.  He choices were on point. Oysters, on the half she and R'evolution style, Grande Salumi/Charcuterie board, Beer battered Crab Beignets, Espresso crusted Venison carpacio and the famous Death by Gumbo.  All excellent, especially the beignets and oysters R'evolution style.
For the main course, everyone's food was great.  The selections included 40oz Tomahawk Ribeye for two, shrimp and grits, seared sea scallops and foie gras, Triptych of quail, which was quail prepared 3 ways, just to name a few.  But for me, i asked Keith to give me something he would consider the best thing there.  He didn't disappoint.  My entree was 14oz milk fed veal chop, topped with sauteed lump crab meet and sauteed crawfish tails.  It was awesome.
Dessert was a bunch of random sweets, but the I can say was the best was the Dulcy blonde molten chocolate cake.  I don't normally like sweets, but this cake was delicious.
We also had wine and other drinks, but since this is long already, I just wanted to say this place was delicious and has a great staff.So my boyfriend and I went to Bayona and had some small plates and then wandered around and were still hungry and then got accosted by some dude who wanted to tell us about all the drugs he did so then we ran away and ended up at the bar at R'Evolution and ate turtle soup and a deconstructed banana cream pie dessert and had fancy beers from Chicago and MET Chef Folse and were totally starstruck and it was lovely.
Lovely lovely lovely. :)R' evolution says it all...a superb and R' evolutionary experience.  If six stars were possible, I would wholeheartedly bequeath them!  Indeed, my most favorite restaurant in the French Quarter/New Orleans.  What is it?  It's everything!  Nothing is off key!  All the creations are cutting-edge and exotic, the presentation and service are unparalleled, and the decor and ambiance fit and match the level of the quality of the food, drinks, and decadent desserts. Bang!  I've heard this restaurant is considered number 1 in New Orleans; I have a strong feeling its got to be in the top 20 (maybe top 10) in the nation.  Your trip to New Orleans isn't complete unless you've included this revolutionary dining experience.I didn't try a lot there. I had their rillettes -- it was fairly standard, nothing particularly standout about it. I then had their seafood gumbo which, again, was fairly standard. I would have ordered more, but I figured I'd cut my losses and move elsewhere for dessert. For the price, I was certainly not impressed. I'd much rather go somewhere like Root.
The bar scene was alright, more high-end, not trashy -- considering the god-awful neighborhood ;)I don't know about this place...the reviews are excellent. And, when the hotel concierge recommended it, we were happy to follow his advice. The place is new and gorgeous. But, that's about where it ended. The food was just ok. Gumbo came out sort of warm and didn't have the flavor I would expect. My martini was sweeter than it really should be. And, wine was $25 for a glass. It just seemed over priced and over hyped. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing? But, if you can't turn out perfect gumbo in NOLA...I think there are better places. Try Kingfish and K-Paul's.This place did not disappoint! MUST-GO place if you're in New Orleans. 
Service: excellent, very attentive and detailed. 
Food: everything was just superb! 
*There was a complementary bite-size hors d'oeuvre*
Appetizers - the beer-battered crab beignets were to die for! The prosciutto was also very tasty. 
Meat - the braised boneless short ribs were amazing. Great flavor, tender and very filling, despite the size. 
Sides- gruyere potato au Gratin was the perfect side for the meat. Soft and crunchy. 
Dessert: creole cream cheese bread pudding. It wasn't was I was expecting, but a very sweet surprise. 
You can't go wrong with this place. Dress code is between casual and dressy (if you can dress up, even better).Crab beignets Crab beignets Crab beignets Crab beignets Crab beignets! Took my friend here for her birthday. She said it was the best meal she ever had. Venison carpaccio was a tad bland. Could have used a saltier topping to help boost flavor combos. Crawfish stuffed redfish was awesome. And crab beignets were one of the best things I have ever eaten. Wish I had a bucket of thoseWe had dinner here for our anniversary and it was fantastic. The snapping turtle soup and the gumbo are succulent! We had the lobster gnocchi for dinner.... YUMM!!The dining area is super bright, almost uncomfortably so. Feels like you are on stage. Service was flawless and the meal was pretty good, but with almost no wine on the menu below $100 and $100+ appetizer 'stairway of caviar' it just seems a bit too pretentious to have one of your signature dishes 'death by gumbo' to be slightly above average.  Don't get me wrong at least they attempted traditional gumbo, unlike so many others in the 1/4 that have a creole gumbo with tomato sauce. Yuck! That's not gumbo to me. That being said, the presentation was good and the parting gift of some chocolates was very nice, but definitely not worth the $$$$I'm going to make a statement that is a really big deal for me. Restaurant R'evolution is the best dining experience we've had in the United States.  Alinea in Chicago is more of a culinary adventure.  Spoon in Dallas certainly offers a memorable and beautifully crafted seafood experience.  I've done all the Daniel Boulud, Tom Colicchio and David Burke establishments in NYC and they each have their memorable qualities.  Love eating in Charleston as well as Etch, Husk, Margot and Lockeland Table in Nashville. We've done the best of San Diego, LA, San Francisco, Napa and Sonoma. I love the work of Bobby Flay and especially Marc Forgione. While I lived in Southeast Asia I had many memorable dinners.  We've certainly had meals in France and Italy that would be at the top of the list for food alone. However, for us the efforts of Chefs Tramonto and Folse and their staff will be the standard that all future fine dining establishments are held to.
First, there was a mix up with our reservation.  When they realized it was their mistake they immediately went to work to make sure we were not disappointed.  When they said they could seat us I thought, "two top by the bathroom". NO, we were in a lovely dining room looking out on to the courtyard of The Royal Sonesta Hotel.
We were seated side-by-side in a banquette...instantly making us (gay couple) the Stars of the room. In a matter of seconds we met "our staff"...all three of them...Alejandro, John and Luke. However, in the course of the evening we had no less than eight servers, including two managers and Chef Folse making sure we were having a perfect evening.  (Side note) As we departed Alain Ducasse at The Plaza Athenee in Paris we were asked how we enjoyed our evening.  We responded," the food was only second to the beauty of the servers".  Well, not all of our servers were runway model beautiful (they were in Paris) but their work was like a well rehearsed ballet and their demeanor was the pinnacle of professionalism.  The food was absolutely standard setting in composition as well as flavor profiles.  We had two appetizers, a salumi board, two entrees and a bottle of wine and the check was only $200. I've spent a lot more money for not nearly the dining experience we enjoyed.  Who has ever heard of a jar of duck liver mousse that was like Thai Silk being $5 and coming with four condiments, nuts, dried fruits and grilled bread...WHAT?!?!?!  We are still reeling over what an incredible place this is.THis is fine dining done right. This place does everything great. THe food was wonderful, the ambiance is great and the staff is amazing. We got a tour of the kitchen and it was spotless. The restaurant has different rooms you can dine in, which are all decorated differently. We requested the room with the tv in it for one of the Saints games. It was great we go to eat great food and watch the Saints game all in a private room at a great restaurant. The staff even gave the misses a small stool to put her purse on...never saw that before and she loved it.Our group of seven really loved this restaurant!  Unique and creative menu with elegant dining room just off Bourbon in Royal Sonesta Hotel.
We had the opportunity to try many of the creative and delicious offerings on the extensive and well organized menu.  Liked the signature Gumbo with a whole stuffed quail, enjoyed smoked oysters, crab beignets, beef tartar, and LOVED the tomahawk ribeye, black drum pho, scallops with foie gras.  Interesting and rich chocolate cake and red velvet beignets for desert. All of the food was fresh, creative, flavorful, well presented and delicious. 
High end elite wine list with most bottles in the $200 - $600 range up to $$$$$.  We went with nice selections Caymus and Orin Swift that were at the lower price end of the wine menu in the $150 range. Both were very nice.  The only negative I see at R'evolution is the wine list, which is probably WS rated, but not accessible unless you rolling serious money.  R'Evolution should consider adding more outstanding selections in the $60 - $125 range. 
Service was outstanding but came off a little snooty for laid back NOLA.  At the end of the evening the manager was nice enough to take the time to show us the wine cellar, kitchen, VIP dining area and capped off a wonderful dinner with an interesting tour of this incredible restaurant.
Overall I give this experience 5+ stars.This place was more like a 3 and a half star spot but I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt for visiting on a hopefully just off night. 
We had reservations and the girl at the front desk didn't even greet us. The place was hot and I was literally sweating, but after a few minutes it cooled up and got better. 
The waiters were nice and attentive and the food was good but I expected a little better for a pre fix menu. My favorite plate was surprisingly the shrimp and grits, which I didn't think I was really going to like. 
They give you a little box with chocolates at the end, which is cute but they're nothing amazing. 
I'd like to try this place one more time and hopefully the next time will be a little better.Some of the best dishes I've had so far in my life!! The Jazz Margarita was soooo refreshing! The oysters were good, perfect in size, not too small and not overwhelmingly big! 
The entrees filled as up and it was not expected since it's a fancy restaurant. We expected small servings. We even had complimentary appetizers!!Crab beignets, WOW! I will have foodie dreams about these. Also the wild mushroom papperdelle was delicious! I wish that the pasta was a different shape, something more substantial with some texture. It would be easier to get on your fork and hold on to that fantastic sauce instead of slipping all over. We also ordered the blackened gulf shrimp risotto and that was really tasty also, just the right amount of spice. Last the chocolate crackerjack soufflé was amazing. I could go on and on about this place. The service was outstanding! Very beautiful! Ambiance was wonderful. The prices were less than I expected. Some of the best food I've ever eaten, anywhere. I would go back again for sure!Old School ~ Refined, exceptional service this is dining how it should be. 3 servers per table, and that all know each other's duties. Beautifully appointed rooms, china & tableware~
  Started with cocktails both well done ~ menu is diverse and with local fare when possible. 
   Muse from the kitchen ~
       Tuna with celery root. Well presented ample portion. it was fine, not delicious and I thought an odd choice as many people don't care for fish.
    First course~
          Corn bisque, nice sweet & crisp kernels, not overly creamy kinda of broth like. Did taste bell pepper & tarragon and some shrimp added, I believe.
     Entree~
           Red fish, served on wilted spinach with skin on. Also on the plate a deep fried crap cake, and an artichoke heart stuffed? With something..... it was room temperature and a bit bland (quite love artichokes, so this was a disappointment) The Red Fish was cooked correctly with flaky whiteness a side bite with the wilted spinach.
     Dessert~
         Very nice selections, the chocolate/coconut ice cream VERY nice in deep rich chocolate flavor & coconut flavor towards the middle & sprinkled with some sea salt & coco nibs on top.  Cappuccino with dessert, possibly the best coffee I have experienced in NOLA on this trip.
   I would definitely return ~ as I would like a chance to give them the additional ~You ever been to a restaurant and watched the table next to you complaining about their food? R'evolution is the opposite of that. It's almost worth going here just to see the people at the next table freak out about how good their food is.