The horchata chia pudding was very good. They placed fresh blue berries on top. Yum. My pour over was very good. Everything else wasn't. My entree just didn't taste fresh. I was bummed!Stop by the cafe for some breakfast. Ordered the paloma special. The eggs were cooked perfectly and the potatoes were delish. I loved the homemade biscuit. It was crunchy and soft at the same time! My friend loved their avocado toast and the baked eggs that they ordered. We also tried the coconut rice pudding. It was okay but the breakfast was great!It's a cute, small cafe in the Bywater district. You definitely would need to drive out here and I think I saw some buses driving through, but we took a car. We saw some people biking here too, which is cool. The neighborhood had a few local shops and that was about it. I can't say much for the coffee here since I don't drink coffee. R had some and he said it was good. The breakfast was nice, with the fried potatoes and such. Basic fare. It was a  bit far out from the other parts of town and I think if I lived here, I am not sure I would make the drive out. They do have a lot of different kinds of teas though.Paloma Cafe is the spot!!! We were suggested by friends to check it out and it exceeded our expectations. We loved the laidback, clean & cozy atmosphere and their Sunday brunch was out of this world! We got the French toast with fried chicken and the avocado toast and both were extremely fresh & flavorful. Very fair price for the quality and quantity. A Bywater must!A coffee brand started this restaurant, but I am not a coffee drinker so I ordered tea. Bergamot (flavored with the peel of an orange-ish fruit) was not bad, but not the best such drink I've had. Their food options are eclectic Latin American, and have a good number of vegan takes on things, including the torta, a sandwich, which I tried.
The torta with black beans and peppers in a crisp roll was tasty, messy, and not overly filling. It came with sweet potato chips on the side; they had an odd slightly soft texture and I'm not 100% sure if they were fried or how else they might have been prepared, but they were good.
It was a pleasant little space, albeit with no outdoor seating, and quite well attended when I dropped in. I wasn't particularly impressed with the value for lunch-I could definitely get cheaper and better lunches even in the nice parts of the city-but the menu offered enough intrigue and the food was good enough that I could see returning.A nicer, more modern and cheaper version of Satsuma - great prices and really chill place. Loved it.When I dine alone I sit at the bar, close to the service end. I was rewarded with a couple delicious Paloma Slushies, a coupe of dry Cava and attentive, personable and personal bar service by Kristin, with a chat about 1980's Cowboy slide shoes, and a follow up vintage clothing chat with *ahem* server Rosa. I like the limited menu, it speaks of changes that will keep me coming in. The Yuca Frita with garlic cilantro aeoli were just salty enough and the Pinchos de Puerco were tender and tasty with a herbaceous chimichurri. The space is clean and spare, made warm by lighting low enough to make us all look good, dahling, and music just loud enough to drown out the particulars of the animated conversations in the room. The bar had all the good stuff to make all the good things, without ostentatious display or dusty outliers(good to see both Chartreuses). I'm a neighb, and I shall return, with friends.Hmmm...we were unable to actually eat here. Just today we arrived for a late brunch with a group of 4 plus a baby. They let us in (other people were seated and eating) and we were about to sit down when they told us they had no ingredients, their AC was broken, and they could not be expected to continue work under those conditions. The server oddly said "good luck finding somewhere else to eat." Strange vibe. Shame about the AC. Nice looking menu but will likely not return.Lovely, delicious and reasonably priced Spanish restaurant. Menu is small but everything is prepared with care and big flavors.We just went here for breakfast for the first time and both the drinks and the food were fantastic! We got coffee, an iced matcha latte, the breakfast tacos, and the shakshuka -- all delicious and very healthy feeling. The ladies working there were also super attentive and friendly! Couldn't have had a better experience.Great breakfast and perfect selection of coffee. Happy to have y'all in the neighborhood.Friendly service. Cool, laid back environment. Quaint but not too small. Outdoor seating. Full bar. All I had was a cup of hot tea, but it was delicious. I will returnCool vibe , a very nice selection of pour over coffees. Enjoying a quiet morning after Mardi GrasThis was a very quaint find. A cafe I normally frequent had a kitchen related issue and wasn't able to open the day I decided to try this little gem out. The food was very yummy. The fried chicken is really amazing and the egg bake was just the right flavors to make you keep eating more. We also tried the beef empanada and the house made chorizo. The empanada came with this aioli that just perfect to accompany the flavors of the empanada. As the sister company to Revelatory coffee, they as well make amazing pastries. We tried the Nutella brownie and their chocolate chip cookie. After both were heated, and proceeded to inhale them we ordered them again they were so good. The staff is little bit slow but this type of dining wasn't a shovel food in your mouth hurry up and leave kind of place. This was a relax and enjoy the people you're with and really taste all the flavors of the food presented to you. I've really been a fan of big white plate, little food piled high in a column types of restaurants. Predominately, I feel like those type of eateries will cost more than they should and I'll leave hungry. While Paloma was little bit of the big white plate feel, the price was not of that sort. For two people to have lunch and feel full was around $30. Not a terrible price and an amazing meal, really made me happy to have found this gem for myself and guests I invite to join. Can not wait to return!The cutest little cafe/bar in the Bywater! Chanced upon this place on accident, and glad we did. Nicest possible staff with an impeccable bar aesthetic. Definitely a part of the gentrification wave, but most so are a lot of other places in the area. Can't complain about it. 
Coffee? Excellent. Amazing, even. Kept me coming back. Had the Paloma and it wasn't my favorite, but everyone has their own style y'know? Someone at the bar mentioned something about chorizo... I'll have to return for the food and do a review update!This small little hole in the wall was very satisfying. The food was spectacular! Our server was very nice and made great recommendations. I completely forgot the name of what I ordered but it was scrambled eggs with chorizo and avocado. I also ordered a side of home fries. Everything was just so good. I would highly recommend to anyone in the area to check this place out.This cafe in NOLA is great,  healthy food.  Good drinks...  If you drink. Worth it 100%!!!We stumbled upon this place while staying in the neighborhood one afternoon and decided to come back for breakfast. My friend and I ordered coffee, one entree each (she got breakfast tacos, I had shakshuka) and we got an horchata chia pudding to split. The food was delicious- the best we had on our trip so far- and it was well-portioned and reasonably priced. Everything was flavorful and unique, and as a vegetarian I had a ton of options to choose from. The service was friendly and not overbearing, and the atmosphere was beautiful and very chill. Definitely worth a stop, especially if you're already staying in the Bywater.This was a great spot for brunch! We got the breakfast tacos with egg, the Paloma breakfast plate, the bidi bidi bom bom, the breakfast biscuit, avocado toast and yuka fries, everything was delicious! The drinks were alittle on the expensive side but the food was amazing and reasonably priced. Would definitely recommend this cafe!!!Great breakfast with a friendly local atmosphere. Chipotle bloody Mary was excellent as well as the breakfast tacos. Staff was friendly and accommodatingDisappointed! I was excited to try Latin American inspired brunch dishes.  I ordered the black bean tostada.  The beans were cold.  Pork not very well seasoned.  The beans weren't really well seasoned either. I did really enjoy my grapefruit spritz and thought the whole drink menu looked really good overall.  The staff seemed disorganized and there was quite a delay with taking our orders.  Then they seemed overwhelmed when I asked to split the check.  There were only three of us.  Bright and modern feel to the space.  Unfortunately the food wasn't that great enough for me to want to come back.I had a great first visit to Paloma! Checked it out for a late brunch and had the potato tacos which were so delicious & fresh, a frozen Paloma which was also fantastic--they do not skip on the booze! We finished with the churros which I probably wouldn't get next time but my husband absolutely loved! We'll definitely be back.Beautiful individually hand crafted coffee brewed and served to perfection! We will be back!!! Can't wait to try some other things on the menu as well! This is a cute little place with amazing coffee and equally wonderful staff! Oh and the peanut butter brownie while we waited was the icing on the cake.Service was great. If I had any small gripes, it would be that the menu is pretty slim, but either way, my meal was delicious and excellent for the prices.
[get something with their potatoes!]Try the breakfast tacos! They come with the option of chorizo or avocado. Absolutely yummy! We sat at the bar and it was such a fun vibe.The food was ok although it took several times for the correct order to arrive.  But the service was less than acceptable.  When we gave feedback to another staff person, the server angrily confronted us and began giving multiple excuses for her poor service.  I suggested that she simply apologize and leave it at that.  As she walked away she said the meal was free.  We weren't expecting a free meal.   I asked the bartender for the owner and was told that the owner is a coffee company.  When I asked for a manager, he said the manager was busy.  The entire experience was less than pleasant and we certainly won't return.  Shortly after leaving,we ran into a friend and spoke of our experience.  She said she had stopped recently and asked for a cup of dark roast coffee and she was told that if she wanted a dark roast coffee she should go to Starbucks!  This from a coffee restaurant/shop.   My suggestion is go down the street to Bywater Bakery or Cake Cafe.  They will gladly serve you great food and coffee!Great brunch til 3pm I had  Sofrito Shakshuka, a great baked egg dish in spiced tomato sauce with grilled baguettes.  I also had the cold brew which I enjoyed more than regular brew. I was so hungry I didn't take a food picture. But I used the restaurant image so you could see what it looks like. A great cafe. They had alcohol on the shelves but it wasn't on menu. But they make drinks also I think.Everything was delicious and reasonably priced. Great breakfast and lunch options.  Don't miss the chorizo biscuits or the shakshouka. Amazing happy hour as well.The service was okay but the empanadas were bomb (if you wanna call em' that). Their ice coffee was not the best, I put like 100 packs of sugar and STILL couldn't get it to be sweet.The only reason this gets a 4 rather than a 5 is because the lattes, though excellent, we're seriously overpriced. The breakfast tacos were scrumptious and very reasonably priced - 3 for $7 - a latte was close to the same price.  Way too much for a small cup of joy.Fantastic addition to the neighborhood. The coffee is amazing and very high-quality which we haven't had in the neighborhood for a while, and the food was delicious. The menu could be just a little bit larger but otherwise I have no complaints. They also do a nice job with the atmosphere and it's great for a quiet breakfast with the kids.I was only here for coffee, and not snacks, but I couldn't have had a better experience.
I was in the area and starting to feel drained when I noticed this spot, so I popped in. They were actually decently busy with a lunch crowd and I was just getting iced coffee to go. The coffee was really good and rich and packed a nice punch and I'd come back for more. The menu looks tasty, so I might have to try the lunch one of these days.Pretty sure that Revelator Paloma Cafe is my new fav spot in the city. You're probably familiar with it since it's in the old Booty's cafe/Cafe Henri spot. 
Personally, I'm a huge fan of Revelator coffee in the CBD but sometimes parking can be a hassle and let's be real, nobody loves paying for parking. Now, I'm able to get the same coffee that's in the CBD in the Bywater, without paying for parking, and I get to eat the most delicious Latin American cuisine? What a win! It's important to note that co-chefs Danny Alas and Justin Rodriguez are both Latinx so they have a real connection to the cuisine that they are cooking. That makes all the world of difference because each plate tells such a story and is a nod to their upbringing and background. 
Went initially for happy hour last week and was super impressed with the drink specials and small apps. They have several drinks available for $5 (including their delicious Paloma Slushie) and several small plates like their platanitos, yucca fries, and frituritas de bacalao. I will say if you're sharing with friends over Happy Hour, I'd def order the platanitos or yucca since the frituritas are only an order of 3. I will note that they don't currently have dinner on some weekdays so make sure to check the hours for the day you are trying to go. 
I went back for breakfast a few days later and continued to be pleasantly surprised and impressed. The service was fabulous and the folks behind the bar were very friendly. I ordered their breakfast tacos which include 3 tacos for $7. It's $8 if you add egg, which I did. It's a great deal and is super tasty! I think the avocado crema was my fav part of the dish. I'm looking forward to going back and trying their housemade chorizo. I know that when I spoke to Chef Danny, they said that they were going to make small tweaks to the menu to always ensure things are fresh and seasonal. 
Paloma Cafe is a very welcomed and much needed addition to the neighborhood. Don't sleep on such a great and affordable culinary experience. Your friendly neighbor Cuban gives this spot two thumbs WAY up."You two must be locals, right?"
This is what our Lyft driver asked as we pulled away from Paloma. We laughed: nope, definitely visitors. But besides an ego boost, we also enjoyed spending half a day in this groovy little cafe.
Coffee was great, food was deeelish, and the cocktails in particular were wonderful.
The chorizo biscuit was exactly what I wanted, and the horchata chia pudding was exactly what we didn't realize we needed. The caramelized banana slices on top were over the top tasty.
Sipped on some sort of cold brew cocktail with gin, lime, and coconut, and it was an odd but wonderful combination.
Churros were eh. But the sauce they came with was interesting, had some distinct spice flavors that stood out in a good way.
We enjoyed ourselves so much that we returned a few days later to hit the brunch menu. The tres leches french toast hit the mark, but unfortunately there was some mix-up and our breakfast tacos didn't arrive for about 45 minutes...so we didn't have much time to enjoy them before rushing out. They did apologize and give us some complimentary coffees, which was really nice.
If we're ever back in town, we'll be back to Paloma.Came here for brunch on a Sunday. Some dishes here were super solid, but there were a few that were lacking. I loved the yogurt parfait, biscuits & gravy, and side of potatoes. Yummy iced coffee too! The egg, chorizo, & cheddar biscuit was too dry and the chorizo itself was pretty flavorless. That was a bummer. 
The aesthetic inside the restaurant is nice and the staff is very friendly. Overall, a solid experience!I have had the pleasure of dining at Paloma on two occasions. Once 3 or so months ago and again last evening. Without question this is one of the best new restaurants in a city that is known for its food. It's Cuban inspired menu gets some  inspiration from Louisiana cuisine and ingredients. Honestly, it's some of the best food I've had in the city. Unique, fresh, beautifully prepared and presented. 
The service was great... unpretentious but prompt and helpful. The decor is fresh and modern but definitely pays respect to traditional elements. 
Food amazing? CHECK
Decor wonderful? CHECK
Service excellent? CHECK
With the level of food and presentation receiving highest marks, one would feel like prices might be on the high side... not so. This is one of the most reasonable priced restaurants anywhere in New Orleans.  Honestly, this amazing cuisine is actually bargained priced. 
I can't recommend Paloma enough for a delightful evening meal. Do yourself a favor and head out at your first opportunity.Visited for first time for brunch today.  Really excellent food,  great decor and very friendly (if slightly laid back) service.  Wish it hadn't taken me so long to check it out... will now be my go-to Sunday brunch spot without the crowds or parking challenge of our usual Marigney spots.This is one of my favorite breakfast spots in town. As someone who works remotely I love working here, their internet is reliable and there are plenty of outlets. Recommend the yogurt, biscuit sandwiches or any of their lunch items. Great place for meetings or dates. Staff is the sweetest. Don't sleep on this spot.New restaurant.  Small menu but great food and cocktails. Interesting wine menu. Enjoyed the Canary Island red.While walking in the Bywater area with my 90 year old father and his dog, I wanted a latte and something to eat. My father remarked oh we must go to Paloma Cafe. While he sat outside with his west highland terrier I went inside to order. Cute, simple decor, very clean place. Really eclectic menu. I ordered the lattes, some glorious meatballs but the best thing was the flash roasted brussel sprouts. Omg. The best thing in the world. In fact my brother and I are going there for lunch today. This is a small local restaurant. They are only open until 6 pm right now. Try it out. It's not just a coffee shop.Super nice place. The food is really good. The staff are all very friendly. I especially want to thank the young Lady from  I didn't catch her name but she helped me choose my dish. She was super helpful and very nice alsoB E A U T I F U L decor and atmosphere. We're just visiting, but this cafe was just a short walk from our AirBNB. We went for dinner one night and were thoroughly impressed! The street corn and coconut shrimp taco were delicious. Definitely a must visit!Fantastic brunch, cool bar peeps, really interesting brunch cocktails (this is New Orleans, after all). I will def. become a regular here, now that I found this gem in my neighborhood.Tried it for a weekend brunch. The menu had little to offer, but we ended up getting the avocado toast and 3 leches French toast with fried chicken. I wouldn't order fried chicken with the French toast. The French toast was bomb, the Caramel sauce with toasted pecans was the seller, but the fried chicken was under cooked and the batter was horrible. The avocado toast had good flavor, but maybe I was expecting to be more full from it. Ambiance is nice, it's a place for small bites and specialty drinks, however I was expecting more from the food. ;)This place was incredible! We stumbled in here looking for coffee and it did not disappoint. Aside from the tasty oat lattes we ordered the avo toast and the shakshuka - the flavor in both of these cannot be beat, so friggin delicious! 
Do not pass up this place if you are in Bywater. Will definitely be coming back next time I'm in New Orleans!My friends and I stumbled upon Paloma for brunch, and had a really pleasant experience. First off, for large parties be ready to Venmo each other as they will not split checks. Not a huge inconvenience, but heads up. I ordered their chai latte to start and was super pleased that it wasn't too sugary. My friends and I all ordered different items to share, so here goes:
Must get: the biscuits and gravy. So amazing. The gravy is so unique and the over easy egg on top only made it that more mouth-watering. The yogurt bowl was also incredible, I'm not sure what yogurt they use but it was some of my favorite yogurt ever! Also, their coconut alcohol freeze was fantastic.
Okay: the cheddar biscuit sandwich wasn't great, but wasn't bad. Once again just seemed to miss an ingredient to take it up a notch.
Skip: the avocado toast and breakfast tacos. The toast tasted mostly like canola oil and was pretty bland. Same for the breakfast tacos. However, adding avocado and a little gravy from the biscuits made it much better.
Overall, I had a great tome at Paloma and it didn't break the bank either. Solid choice.We were staying two blocks from Paloma and basically went there everyday for coffee and breakfast.  The coffee was terrific (that's not typical of New Orleans) and the food was great tasting and fresh (breakfast tacos, avocado toast, yogurt and granola).  The prices were almost half of what we're used to in the Bay Area.After reading some reviews and gazing at some pictures of this establishment, I was quite excited to try this place! To my utter disappointment, the actual experience was the complete opposite. 
Setting: The place was your typical cafe-like setting where you would have an abundance of seating areas..but this was a bit overkill as it was too cramped. Simply getting to your destination, let alone pulling your chair out to sit was quite a challenge. 
Service: Awkward. Really awkward. First instance was when my party had initially order and my server was telling us how we would be able to order "fresh baked" items displayed on the counter, BUT they were all swarmed by flies crawling on them because they weren't even covered by anything so the server stopped kid sentence and STILL tried to sell us baked goods after witnessing such things. The next instance was when another server came to my table and scooped up my plate and utensils without saying anything despite it still having food on it! There was no indication that I was done with said plate. The final note was when my party and I were still eating from a shared plate and a server approached us as we were eating and asked "may I take this plate from you guys?" To which I replied "no we are still eating it" and he said "oh, like can I pick up your plate".. What was not understood or clear enough? 
Food: What did I order? Started with a Salt Cod Fritter which was terrible as it was clearly refried due to its burnt and charred outside complimented by its cold, mushy filling. Following this was the Chorizo Biscuit which was really lacking flavor and the biscuit itself was so dried that it crumbled and made me quite parched for a drink, the Matcha Cold Brew which tasted like water and food coloring. The Paloma Breakfast was really small portions, and it lacked any sort of flavor. The potatos were fried to a burnt crisp as well. The only thing worth getting was probably the horchata chia pudding! It was sweet and the blend of textures was complimentary to each other. It was similar to eating frosted flakes cereal, but there was no soggy chips. 
Overall: From the servers' lack of respect and space to the food being nothing less than reheated food...and to top everything off - the flies swarming the baked goods makes me so disappointed and disgusted. I mean if you are coming here to only to drink water and study then you'll be golden. If not then, I hope your visit is better than mine.Bin bin bop bop bowl is my favorite ' cute space, can get busy really quickly, but the food is great!Good place to eat and try some thing new.I 've enjoyed eating her know for 8 mths off and on.Simple and what you'd expect to get! No surprises, just yum! No wait at all. 
We'll be back!Great coffee. Great food. Great service. We were staying for the weekend around the corner and loved coming in here to eat and get coffee and drinks.The food was DELICIOUS, but the service was AWFUL.
The servers weren't particularly mean or anything. They just were inexperienced, overwhelmed, and poorly managed. Our drinks came out much after our food did, and our food took a while to come out.
They got the orders wrong and forgot pieces of the order completely.
I had the eggs with avocado and chorizo. The eggs were cooked well and the dish was overall tasty. I also had the frozen Paloma. I love grapefruit, so I enjoyed the drink a good bit.
I would try this place again, but after a few months to give them some time to work things out. Don't come here if you're short on time.Dude they need to hire a better manager or like train the staff better because every time I come here, or talk about it with other people, the consensus is that it is very disorganized. It takes a long time to get food or even....like a chance to order. Sometimes the space gets super messy. The food ~seems~ good? But I don't really remember because the last time I successfully got my order within an hour it was a small plate of fried balls of something, which is hard to get wrong. I think honestly it is overpriced for the offerings, kind of a pretentious place, and not worth waiting for. They need to focus on training staff or else this place isn't going to last, especially because it is not a cheap place to eat.Tried it for a weekend brunch. The menu had little to offer, but we ended up getting the avocado toast and 3 leches French toast with fried chicken. I wouldn't order fried chicken with the French toast. The French toast was bomb, the Caramel sauce with toasted pecans was the seller, but the fried chicken was under cooked and the batter was horrible. The avocado toast had good flavor, but maybe I was expecting to be more full from it. Ambiance is nice, it's a place for small bites and specialty drinks, however I was expecting more from the food. ;)Currently in California dreaming of this place at 10:50pm ! Yes , that's how delicious this place is . We decided to veer off the touristy area for something light and tasty before our flight . The chia pudding is amazing , the tacos are bomb , the avocado toAst is perfect . If only they had one in California, I'd visit all the time . Try it ! You won't regret it !Left after 25 min of waiting for my order of tacos to come. Staff was busy making drinks for themselves and actual homeless people who they were giving stuff to.Took an Uber out to Paloma Cafe because I figured Revelator coffee combined with breakfast tacos and chia seed pudding was worth the $12 ride.
The menu is short and concise. There's vegan and non-vegan options so something for everyone. The chia seed pudding is amazing. It's like having a dessert for breakfast!  I'd also recommend the breakfast tacos for a light but filling meal. 
You can't go wrong with any of the coffee options here but also don't overlook the tea!
Service was amazing...thanks Rosa!  This place is a sanctuary away from the crowds, noise and everything else that comes with staying in the city core. Worth the drive out.  Dare I say, I'd walk out there in 120F weather for that chia seed pudding!!!Amazing!!!!! Stumbled in by chance as we were staying nearby and I'm so glad we did. We started with a guava and cheese pastry that was delicious. We also got some lattes that were so tasty. For our mains we got the avocado toast and the shakshuka- it was probably the best shakshuka I've ever had. And the avo toast with the chickpeas was just as good. Ambience in the place was light and open as well, just really good vibes all around. Staff was attentive and kind. I'd give 10 stars if I could!This. Place. Is. So. Good.
I shared the Asopao De Gandules, Sofrito Shakshuka, and Yucca Fries with my friend. Neither of us has a single bad bite. This meal honestly left me speechless and craving more and more. 
I don't know what else to say other than you NEED to go here.Pleasant place. Superb service for Saturday lunch. Really good coffee. The torta is delicious. Cod fritters were tasty but a bit diminutive (and therefore pricey). An exotic green tomato cocktail might prove to be habit-forming (and it packs a wallop).  Definitely worth returning to.Yummy coffee in a pretty cafe. Super loud people on their phones conducting personal and real business distract from the nice vibe.My first visit but I'll be back. I was there at happy hour and had there $5 drinks and food- delicious and unique. Paloma slushy (so refreshing!) and planktons(?). It made we want more so I had another slushy and tried yucca fries(with a wonderful dipping sauce). It's a friendly place and I wish I could remember the name of my server-one of the sweetest people I have ever met- she was from Norway- and the bar manager told me all about the place and food which added to my enjoyment. I had to thank my friend who recommended it because it is definitely a favorite, &  I plan on going back often.Great neighborhood coffee shop with excellent food and a full bar. The breakfast potatoes are excellent and the coffee is exceptionally well prepared.Good food! Good atmosphere! Very personal and the service is good. Little outside the French Quarter but worth the trip.Since my office is down the street; admittedly I've become addicted to this place. 
Amazing coffee and cappuccinos. Homemade syrups. 
Amazing staff; laid back and chill.
Amazing pastries and food anytime of the day.  
Need a place to work online? Check. 
Looking for a nice spot to meet friends. Check.
Looking for a nice place for dinner that's off the tourist-y path? Check. Double check.
Paloma offers a Spanish menu to a tee. Small bites, entrees and desserts.
It's a must.Good food, unfriendly service regularly. But we keep going back cause the food is good. So there you go.I'm going to rant so I'm sorry but this place has so much potential but I'm ready for new management. 
Baristas:
They are constantly losing baristas! They usually last no more than a few weeks. The ones they do hire tend to be diverse so kudos to that, but they seem to be extremely unreliable. I've gotten used to the "the person that was supposed to open never showed up. This is my (insert random number under 7th day). This has happened at least 2 times in the past 3-6 months. They ones they do have talk about things that are no appropriate. They also take their time and often "forget" to put to go food in.
Management:
Today they have no open kitchen and do not convey why. The phone is non existent which is insane. This was fine when they had just opened but it has been too long for you to not have a working phone in 2019.  The food is inconsistant some days its burned others its fine. It also comes out at drastically different times. 
At the end of the day the Chorizo biscuit isn't worth the hassle. Save yourself a trip and go a block over to Satsuma.Only went for happy hour/ a shared entree but it was a bit underwhelming so far. It is a nice environment, I like what they did with it. Good service,  our waitress was overall lovely and attentive, so 5 stars there. 
Drinks were good,  decently priced craft cocktails but after the first one we all decided to just drink tecate. No one was blown away.   I'd try again with them since I know they are all new, but not a new go-to happy hour so far.
Food was sadly a bit disappointing. The yucca fries with aioli were quite bland and a very small portion. Same with the cod fritters, not  bad but not what we were hoping for.  My friend doesn't eat most meat so there weren't a ton of options.  We shared the curry which was good but not enough to make us want to try anything else at the moment. 
 I'm hoping they change up the menu a bit, I'm going to wait a while then try again. It seems like maybe they are catering to an earlier crowd but I'm not sure how that's going to work out for them. The previous places there seemed to mostly do well with their good happy hours for people who live in the neighborhood - there's not a whole lot of options now. Hope they succeed.Great experience. We walked from the French quarter and really enjoyed all the street art. The ambience is very relaxed and friendly. Food was vegan but delicious. Cocktails were also good!This was the perfect little cafe off the beaten path. The ambiance was super chill, compared to a few crazy spots in the area. We were in town for a wedding and needed a break from the crazy. Revelator was a breath of fresh air. Loved the matcha donut!Amazing coffee and ambiance. Love this place will definitely be back! Great neighborhood spot!