Great for drinks, but... food appears to now be a huge disappointment. Crawfish grilled cheese had good flavors but zero cheese that actually reached the crust. It was basically a texas toast hot pocket for $12. Gulf shrimp salad didn't remotely meet the description on the menu. It was just lettuce and grilled shrimp. "Balsamic dressing" we were offered was just two tiny containers of balsamic vinegar and oil. Fries, which were solid as hell when they first opened, reminded me of Wendy's... which isn't the worst, I guess... but not for $4. Certainly an edible meal, given we still ate most of it, but I was hoping to be able to rely on this place for the occasional bar food bite within walking distance. Probably will only go back for cocktails. Maybe an off night?Loved this place! Our bartender Amanda was a delight. She was really knowledgeable and made great recommendations. The Pimm's Cup was amazing, as well as the Bouexiere and the Old Cuban. Highly recommend and will definitely be back.I have lived near through 4 different businesses. So far this is the best. It is a cafe with good food, good drinks, friendly staff. I have just started on the menu but the sandwiches at lunch are great. I will go back for each one then update my review.
 We needed a place with good local food and not the national chains that are flooding America. The owners are locals who have worked their way to this cafe ownership. I look forward to my returns.Revel has very good drinks and a nice, yet still low key atmosphere. My husband and I like to stop in for cocktails but we recently had a tartine that featured dates and goat cheese that was amazing.First time at Revel even though they've been down the street for a year. Loved it! Sat outside and had the smoked drum tacos with a decidedly tasty Sazerac. My friend got the ribs and my other friend got the steak frite. A good time was had by all. Let's talk about the service though - in an age of chains and disenfranchised service people here you have a true family run operation and Laura was outstanding in taking care of us all the way!Two world class mixologists finally opened their own place with an award winning chef. Pretty much says it all, but I could go on and on and on. My friends & I have followed both Chris and his wife, Laura, throughout New Orleans, though we would seek them out anywhere!The owners were very accommodating to my service dog Teddy, and I. Food  was great, drinks are A+, changed my mind about gin with their Tom Collins. I highly recommend!! Great people, great vibes!!This place is awesome. Fantastic food, happy hour prices all day. The smoked drum tacos were seriously the best I've had. And incredible owner-bartenders!I love this place!! This was my first time in New Orleans, and I went to many bars/restaurants during my stay. This is by far my favorite place.
Chris made us several cocktails, and each one was fantastic. He is a true master of his art.
He told us about the origins and history of the cocktails -- he's a very interesting guy.
The food was great -- you have to try the crawfish grilled cheese. The bread is made in-house and is fabulous.
We had a blast with Chris and Laura! They are really fun to hang with and made us feel right at home.
When I come back to NO, this is the only place on my must-go list!My go to place for a great cocktail.   Chris and Laura are amazing.  Off the beaten path but well worth trip.This place is truly a "must see" if you are in New Orleans. Excellent cocktails and a warm local atmosphere. We really enjoyed our visit and will be back to this place. Enjoy their happy hour and get yourself a truly great cocktail here.Nice place. Upscale cocktails in a casual environment. The food items I've tried have been good, especially the garlic-ginger chicken wings which I cannot get enough of. If you're interested in where your booze comes from, proprietor Chris McMillian behind the bar is an internationally known expert on all things cocktail, and is more than happy to share his knowledge.When seeking an experience in dining and drinking, Revel Café and Bar will certainly meet your expectations.  Situated in Mid City on Carrollton, right off Canal, this place is small and intimate with New Orleans charm oozing from the bar.  The food is good, solid, light dinner fare, well prepared and enjoyable.  But what makes this place rock is the Mixology magic of Chris McMillian and his wondrous tales of the Cocktail.  Ask him anything related to liquor and sit back and "revel" in his stories and watch him concoct his well crafted drinks as he speaks.   So, if this place is so engaging, what may be a legitimate complaint?  The actual centerpiece of this gem, the cocktails,  could also be its downfall.  The drinks are wondrously delicious but just too skimpy a serving.  While it's a great place to visit occasionally, the fact that your $9 to $12 drink, holds about 2 jiggers disappoints. So, it's a special spot but not one where I want to spend anything more than the occasional evening.Chris is not just a bartender but also an artist and historian.  From the way he hand crushes ice, pours every ingredient, and hand stirs the ice into the drink, he creates the perfect balance. Even his ice cubes look just the right shape. He's also a great guy, very friendly and full of historical and cultural knowledge.First off, after reading of Chris McMillian's reputation as New Orleans' mixologist royalty, I was expecting a more glitzy, fancy place than we found. Not a problem, I much prefer laid-back and neighborly, which is exactly what we got. I think everybody but the kitchen staff came by our table to either take our order, deliver it, or check on us, including Chris and Laura. 
I hadn't had a Vieux Carré in a long time, and this one was worth waiting for. Carrie's Pimm's was jazzed up with a few berries, and is a perfect summer drink. Her salad was fresh and beautiful, studded with perfectly grilled shrimp. So healthy-looking, but I just had to get the crawfish grilled cheese, and OMG, it was wonderful! Gouda makes it rich, pepper jack gives it a little kick, all enclosed in thick, buttery grilled bread. Before that, the pulled pork nachos were delicious, and reasonably proportioned-just enough get two people started, without completely tanking our appetites for what was to come. We would have gladly sampled one of Laura's desserts, but Angelo Brocato's siren song was calling us from across the street. Next time, then, because I sure want to come back!This is a cute cafe, with a nice set up. The staff is friendly and service is fast. I had a pepperoni sandwich on olive focaccia, and it was delicious. We also tried the drum taco, which was also good. My fiancé got some wings, which he said were just okay. My gin basil smash wash refreshing. Overall, I like this place and will be back.Excellent drinks, always, and the glassware has pretty details! We went for lunch today because the brisket-chuck burger is so delicious and perfect on the brioche bun, I just add cheese, have it dressed, and skip all condiments.  We first started with the small plate of the day, the buffalo chicken salad. It was a fried chicken (tossed in buffalo sauce) salad of arugula, tomato, radish, cucumber, other greens and carrot + celery spirals with a blue cheese dressing.  HELLO. vv good. My dining companion had the slider and fancy shmancy Michigan-imported hotdog, the only state to define what a hotdog is.  We learned this from the owners, who stopped by the table and were all-around great hosts.  We'll be back soon!Love this place. First went in December to have cocktails with friends. I had a couple of home made egg nogs. Was served in cool retro glassware. It is locally owned and different family members are working the different areas of the restaurant. Chris McMillan is behind the bar and he was responsible for leading the craft cocktail movement in NOLA and designing a lot of bar menus in town. His son in law is the chef and his wife is working the front of the house. My friend and I shared some small plates before a concert. My favorites were gnudi with sage butter. It's sort of like a cross between ravioli and gnocchi... Also the Smoked Drum Tacos. Small but mighty! I think they are open from noon on.. I look forward to working my way around the menu.Great night - nice folks at Revel! Amazing cocktails, carefully crafted by Chris. Good food! Nice addition to MidCity. Smoked drum tacos were the special tonight, they were great but the winner is the crispy chicken wings appetizer. Highly recommend !Hands down one of the best cocktail bars in the city! I went here during happy hour. They offered approx 5 different wines and 1 cocktail of the day for $5.00 a glass. It was a very good deal. I then ordered something from the lengthy cocktail menu. I really appreciated the fact that my server was very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to steer me in the right direction. I then decided to try the infamous crawfish grilled cheese sandwich. This is why I am not giving them 5 stars. While it was tasty, it certainly didn't blow me away. There was too much bread. I have a feeling that I would have enjoyed another menu item more. The service was a little slow, but I'm not going to hold that against them. The place was packed. Additionally, it takes a lot of time and effort to make a good craft cocktail. I will definitely return to this place.As she crushed the ice by hand, the bartender told us "the secret is to drink slowly and value every sip. Because every sip is a different drink." Hands down the best mint julep in America. Do yourself a favor, and stop by Revel next time you're in NOLA.Came here last week. Love the drinks and the food is fine, but they're not going to stay open at this rate. Sat for 15 minutes waiting for a drink. This place would fail a stress test. Miserably. If you have time to sit and wait (really, sit and wait) then come here. If you're on the booze train trying to catch a buzz, go elsewhere. Like my hands are starting to shake I need a drink so badly.Awesome experience! Chris is an amazing bartender and the family-run vibe is an enjoyable and sweet thing to see. I can tell that lots of solid years of experience have gone into creating this place. Unpretentious atmosphere, delicious craft cocktails, and excellent sandwiches with stellar baked bread. A new favorite. Will return many times!Couldn't be happier.  Outstanding bartender and owner Chris is a craft drink magician with the knowledge to tell you the history behind each of his perfectly prepared selections.  Great atmosphere. Bring good friends with good taste and sit back and enjoy l.I wanted to like this place more. It sounded a bit like Treo: a nice bar with a nice dining option. Maybe we just had a bad night, and maybe we would have liked it more if it hadn't been SO DARN COLD in there. I know this is typical of restaurants and they'll never learn: the staff is working and is hot, so they crank the AC. But this small dining room, with the window unit pointing right across the space, was simply too cold to be comfortable. We saw one table get up and finish their drinks outside. In August. When nobody wants to be outside. We actually ended up doing that also.
So....the menu was nice, with an interesting selection of items. I had a good beer, my date had great wine, and we ordered food. After freezing for a very long time, and being assured once that "the food was coming", our waitress did finally realize she forgot to put our order in. She handled it well and professionally, and I really don't want to make too big of a deal about a human mistake that was owned up to. But it was SO COLD. It was August. We were dressed for August. This isn't San Francisco, where you're used to carrying a sweater or jacket. 
So, the food finally got there. And it was okay. Not bad at all. And as soon as we finished, we asked for the check so we could finish our drinks outside. The drink we had to finish was a comp glass of wine, as an apology for the mix up, so that was nice.
Way too many restaurants are oblivious to how cold they keep their dining rooms, and to how to design/decorate to help with noise. This room was also noisy when we first arrived and it was a little crowded. But not just 'crowded room' noisy, but hard ceiling, hard floors, hard corners, lots of noise reflecting, noisy. Maybe plants, maybe soft things hanging in the corners, Or, maybe we were just too cold to relax. 
Too bad...I wanted to enjoy this place more. Very nice people.Here's the beauty of a space such as this: not only is it a neighborhood gem, nooked inconspicuously between homes in a rich, New Orleans mid-city world, but the love and care that goes into the space is evident immediately.  It's not shown in the typical yelp criteria, it doesn't fall under hipster, it doesn't fall under classy, it isn't a dressy tag and the two dollar signs are just a courtesy to our economic system. The gems behind it all are Chris and Laura. The couple who truly do revel(pun intended) in creating a world around what they love. They love the drinks, the food, and the people who walk through their door. They're brilliant, passionate, and so wonderful that as a mere traveler through their land I found myself questioning why I didn't live a few streets down, so I could adopt them as my parents whether they were aware or not (I doubt they'd agree since they already have six of their own). That said, ignore any reviews that are beyond splendid (I can't imagine any will exist and I didn't read any of the ones previously posted before posting my own) because this is a space you can come to feel at home; this is heart, truth, love, discomfort, reality. This is a bar/cafe that reminds us all why we visit them to begin with.We've been twice now and loved it.  Chris McMillian is a legendary bar man with an unsurpassed knowledge of the history of cocktails
The food is excellent-  the crawfish grilled cheese sandwich was decadent, pulled pork was great.  We'll be working our way through the classic cocktails of New Orleans on return visits ( Our Mardi Gras Krewe meets nearby so we'll be frequent customers)Excellent atmosphere, service, food and drinks. Not too pricey and well worth top dollar. The drinks we ordered were the best of we've ever had of their kind and the food was prepared precisely as ordered and also very good. The atmosphere was very welcoming as well, very nice folks. This is now my new favorite place to eat in midcity after only one visit.My fiance and I got interested in craft cocktails a few years ago and were thrilled to see that Chris had opened his own bar on our recent trip to NOLA. When we arrived, we were even happier to find out that it was a family affair, with his delightful wife and talented son and son-in-law running the place alongside him. If you're a tourist, you will not get a better "authentic NOLA" experience than sitting at the bar and chatting with Chris while he makes some of the best cocktails you've ever had. I didn't think I liked mint juleps until I had one at Revel. Food was good, atmosphere was great, drinks were exceptional. Major bonus to our afternoon was a visit from JoAnn Clevenger, owner of Upperline, and getting to eavesdrop as she and Chris discussed the city's hospitality culture.My husband and I stopped in for lunch one day during a recent trip to NOLA and have found a new favorite!  We showed up as they were first opening and immediately made ourselves at home, helping to set up the barstools. Soon after, I knew this would be a place on the 'must go' list for future visits.
Chris McMillian and his wife Laura are wonderful, friendly people who make you feel like a regular even if it's your first time there. 
Technically I don't think we actually ordered a cocktail by name - only talking to Laura about what we liked / disliked and having fantastic drinks made for us. To mention a few...Laura's French 75 was hands down the best I have ever had! My husband loved the Rum Old Fashioned she made for him.  
As for the food, we had the fish tacos, wings, a cheeseburger and some ribs. Everything was delicious.  We couldn't ask for more!
This is not a place to miss, we'll definitely be back as soon as we can!Had lunch yesterday and it was great! $5 wine which was good and in Reidl glass. $16 sirloin w frites - excellent. Quaint place w full bar and happy hour all day.Amazing cocktails served by New Orleanians, Chris & Laura. Years serving from the best venues known for quality craft cocktails (before the moniker and hipster cred) finds the pair settled into their own establishment, Revel. I had one of everything and two of the crawfish grill cheeses...you won't be disappointed.Best sandwiches we've had in NO. Do yourself a favor and visit Revel for both awesome food and wonderful drinks.Relaxed atmosphere, very knowledgeable staff. Extensive drink menu, staff was happy to customize for us as well. Enjoyed a laid back two hour lunch chatting with the owners.I went here with a group of people last Saturday night.  We wanted some food and cocktails.  It was within the first week the place opened so they were working out some kinks, mainly lack of servers and a larger crowd than expected.  While it took a while to place our orders, they were very kind and gave us a round of sparkling wine on the house! I ordered the Italian sandwich on olive focaccia and it was great!  The table ordered the nachos and a round of cocktails, which you just ask the bartender (Chris McMillian that night) for a classic cocktail and he made us all great versions of what we asked for (Sidecar, Bourbon Mule, etc.).  They then surprised us with a sample of the lemon tart which was so delicious, two of us at the table ordered full size ones!  Overall I'd highly recommend.  Once they work out the opening week kinks, they are going to a must go to spot in Mid City!Just traveled into NOLA from Biloxi and picked up a friend for lunch. Wanted to try out a new bar/eatery, Revel, oh my goodness the drinks prepared by Chris were remarkable and he was quick with the history of the flavorful concoctions. The interior is tastefully decorated with smatterings of cool antiques - check out the bar they brought in from an old establishment out of state. And, the food!!  I had the crispy (not breaded) wings in garlic and ginger and my friend chose the Daily Tartine of dates, goat cheese, bacon and a few green onions on in-house baked ciabiotta bread. Delightful. And those were only the appetizers! I chose the steak hoagie and my friend, the cheeseburger - again, both served on in-house baked buns and rolls. Jose does the baking and food preparation and if I am repeating accurately what was shared with me, he (Jose) is a highly regarded and well known artisan. One can tell by the lightness and flavor of the differing breads. And, of course, owner Chris MacMillan is known world-wide for his mastery of cocktails (and stories). My friend and I, both, had to take at least half of our sandwiches to go. Everything is prepared fresh - they even cut their own fries!!  I was sitting at the bar so had a good view of the kitchen - shiney clean. I'm writing this review because this is a new establishment and I want to encourage everyone to stop in for drinks with Chris and his lovely wife, Laura, and, of course, the delightfully delicious, freshly prepared food. REVEL IS A CUT ABOVE.  I will be there again on Saturday for a birthday luncheon - so looking forward to another scrumptious experience.We went on a Tuesday night. We made a great choice. The Hand crafted cocktails are amazing. The food was amazing. I suggest the ribs. They are not on the menu just ask if they have them. Definitely looking forward to our next visit.Absolutely exceeds expectations. A carefully curated selection of cocktails accommodating every taste profile, mixed by one of the best bartenders in the country. In particular, the Pimm's Cup has dramatically better flavor than any others in town and the Old Fashioned is made in the classic style. My wife and I both enjoyed learning about cocktails and sampling different flavor combinations. Moreover, I found a consistently convivial atmosphere on repeat visits. In short, world class cocktails paired with a comfortable and friendly atmosphere. What more could you ask for?Just happened upon this place while in my bike. It happened to be happy hour and I ordered the ricotta cheese and housemade butternut squash jam. So so good. Laura the owner also made me my first Pims cup which was insanely tasty. I can tell she knows how to make an excellent cocktail. Loved that she asked for my name and that it's a family bar. The ambience is exactly what I would want to be in after work. Perfectly dim lighting, old brass and wood bar and playing modest mouse and Radiohead from the sound system.With Juicy Lucy's gone, what once was a mediocre neighborhood burger joint has now morphed into a more upscale cocktail bar/restaurant.  It certainly seems in line with the ever increasing residential wealth of Mid City.  I feel it's only a matter of time until Wit's and the Red Door succumb to the creep of affluence and trade in their pool tables and frozen margarita machines for martini glasses and leather bound drink menus.  Not a rant, mind you, just an observation of a longtime resident, but I digress.
Chris McMillan is highly regarded and rightly so.  He has helped bring back a lot of classic forgotten drinks with interesting twists.  The cocktail list here is impressive and just what you would expect from Chris.  Lots of whiskeys and gins and fresh ingredients to please any palate.  I went with "The Proof", aka a doctored up Gin and Tonic and was not disappointed.
Where I was disappointed though, was the restaurant portion of the visit.  That lovely drink I mentioned, took a good fifteen minutes to get to our table.  Not a huge deal in my book, but when there's only two occupied tables in the entire room, then I have to wonder.  It was one cocktail and a soft drink, not five long island ice teas.  Immediately after getting our drinks, the food arrived.  Again, not a huge deal, but when so much emphasis is on cocktails, It's probably a good idea to let people enjoy their drink a little while and then move onto food.  But hey, what do I know.
The highly touted crawfish grilled cheese was not was not what I expected. The bread was dry and stale.  I couldn't get through two bites without reaching for a sip of water.  This sandwich needed a good sauce in the worst way.  A $12 grilled cheese should be buttery and gooey with fresh bread.  This was none of the above.  The Big Cheesey does a much better job for far cheaper.  It came with an odd side salad where the lettuce was chopped in the shape of fettucine.  
The Philly steak was huge and looked amazing with a gorgeous pretzel bun overflowing with finely shredded beef and oozing cheese, but there was an off flavor that seemed to ruin it.  My girl ate a few bites and pushed the plate forward.  She's quite picky, so no big surprise there.  I'm the opposite though.  I have an iron gut and will eat pretty much anything.  It doesn't have to be a foodgasm just to get me to clean the plate.  I couldn't get past bite #2.  It almost smelled rancid and there was something very off putting in the seasoning or peppers.  It's a shame, because that was one fine looking sammich.
Revel will definitely be a drink spot for me, but I doubt I would try dinner again.Revel is a major addition to the Mid-City cocktail scene! Owned my Chris McMillian, bartender extraordinaire, and his lovely wife, Laura, this place is not to be missed. It's a simple set up, right off of Carrollton, serving up innovative cocktails, classic New Orleans libations, and a menu of sandwiches and small plates. Not to be missed-- the Jean Deaux, the French 75, and the Cheesesteak. Great service, great people, great drinks. Check them out!Go for the drinks, the owners and the atmosphere. You could skip the food.
We went to Revel for later drinks and snacks/dinner. I ordered a French 75 which was excellently prepared by the woman who I deduct is co-owners with her husband. She personally helped my husband pick out a drink she thought he would like when he wanted to try something different. They landed on the "Whiskey Girl" and he was not disappointed. She was so nice and helpful, and we appreciated her bearing all of our questions, in addition to telling us interesting stuff about the drinks she was preparing, and how she came upon their gorgeous elephant head bar (you have to go there to see it!).
I ordered the fish taco which was reasonably priced and delicious, but I was slightly disappointed in the nachos. They were smaller than expected, and not the best I've ever had. My husband enjoyed the short ribs! 
We loved the quiet, quaint atmosphere to enjoy a nice drink. We will definitely be back!What an amazing experience at Revel! The owner, Chris, knows the history of pretty much every type of spirit and cocktail and will gladly regale you with stories while making you excellent cocktails. And he told me that if you want to try something new and don't like it, he won't charge you. I rarely drink cocktails and know nothing about liquor but really enjoyed what Chris made for me last night. And the food was excellent too, and all made in house. Highly recommended!This is a neighborhood haunt for a friend we're visiting so we popped in for some snacks and a drink upon arrival. Everything is made in house and the menu changes regularly. The bartender was super friendly and the owner came out at least a couple of times to check on us. We had a good sampling of the menu between our group... szechuan bbq baby back ribs, chicken wings, nachos. They are a classic cocktail place and take the drink mixing seriously. It's not fancy but it is very classic. We had a gin fizz and a martini.I'm sure this is fine if you're a regular, but the volume of the bartender is hard to take if you're trying to have a conversation.  Great light food options.Was suggested this place by a local. What a quaint location and setup! 
They don't do happy 'hours' they do happy DAYS! 11am-7pm happy hours, got a $6 Pimm's Cup with my lunch. I ordered the Cheeseburger with Gouda and fries and it was delicious. Perfectly cooked. I overheard the waitress (who was the mother-in-law of the chef) saying that he had worked as the pastry chef at Sucre, Emeril's and as an assistant pastry chef at the Ritz. 
She of course talked me into trying the chocolate creme pie and it was so rich & decadent I had to take the rest of it home in a box to visit later. 
A little bit on the pricier side, I paid about $35 with tip - it was worth it. I'll definitely be back! 
They have a small bar in the back that does have beer on tap as well for evenings.Simply excellent. I had two of my favorite drinks: a Sazerac Royale and a French 75. Both were delicious, strong, and well balanced. Food wise, we had the cheese tray, crawfish grilled cheese, chicken sandwich, fries, salads, and dessert-- today's was a lemon tart with whipped cream and a delicious, rich raspberry sauce. 
Cheese tray: my favorite cheese was the Humboldt fog. There was a good balance between soft and hard cheeses. Favorite part was definitely the breads though-- ours came with an olive focaccia that was well toasted, slightly salty, and perfect with the Humboldt fog and some of the preserves. 
Crawfish grilled cheese: not much to say besides that it won't disappoint! Crawfish, Gouda, peppers, and fresh buttered bread. Can't go wrong. 
Chicken sandwich: I did not eat personally but was raved about by two of the others I ate with! Fried chicken with crunchy carrot celery slaw and gorgonzola dressing. Boyfriend's quote: "pretty g-d good."
The fries are fried in peanut oil, which makes them much crispier than regular hand cut fries. I am typically a shoestring person but I enjoyed the crispiness of these!
Finished it off with some dessert-- today's was a scrumptious lemon tart. Desserts apparently rotate, but if this one is any indicator, it's worth saving some room for. 
The place was busy, busy but the staff was courteous and helpful. Overall, a nice spot for some expertly crafted cocktails and a great bite.Was lucky enough to find this bar during a recent short trip to NO thanks to a suggestion from the bartender at Latitude 29 (also a great bar, by the way).  Stopped in for drinks during happy hour, not really knowing anything about the place.  Turned out to be our favorite bar of the entire trip, and obviously New Orleans has a LOT of great bars.  Owner/bartender Chris is apparently somewhat of a celebrity in the bartending world (although he would probably deny it if you asked him), and justifiably so.  Not only were the drinks absolutely fantastic, he was an absolute joy to talk to.  Wish I lived closer so I could become a regular.Thi space is a hidden gem and so perfect I'm hesitant to share my amazing experience.  The cocktails from all of the bartenders are the best I've ever had, but to sit in front of Chris McMillan and hear his encyclopedic knowledge about cocktails and New Orleans is a thing of beauty.  The food is outstanding bar food.  We were the only non-locals at the bar and everyone made us feel at home.  The tab for 8 cocktails and three dishes - a whopping $96.  I felt like we committed a robbery.No horrible but far from awesome. Happy hour special was a bit deceptive. 5$ Pinot was great. Cheese tray was a train wreck. Mediocre charcuterie bland cheese horrible bell peppered up gardeniere. Foccocia bread was nice. The oysters were tiny but the sauce was unique and tasty.  Do yourself a favor and skip the food altogether. Come here for drinks and cocktails then walk across the street to Venezia and Monja Monja Monja. Walk around several blocks and have to go get ANGELAo brocatos for dessert.Chris and Laura McMillian are national treasures and we're lucky to have them in MidCity. In a neighborhood that's started to get better and better restaurants and bars, Revel stands apart from the pack. Despite being one of the best bartenders in the country (seriously...Google Chris McMillian), the bar maintains a low-key, family-run, you're-always-welcome, feeling. It's like Cheers, but with New Orleanians instead of Bostonians (a good trade, if you ask me). Chris is always quick with a story or a joke or a poem. Laura makes you feel like part of the family. Chris is fond of saying "there are only two kinds of drinks in the world - ones you like and ones you don't", but I've yet to find a drink on their menu that hasn't impressed. Favorites include the Gin Basil Smash and the Blood and Sand. Classic drinks like the Mint Julep, Sazerac and French 75 are prepared in a way that should be the gold standard of any other New Orleans bartender. In the food department, Revel really stepped up their game with the recent addition of Chef Chris DeBarr. Can't say enough good things about this place and people who run it. It's a high-class establishment with none of the hipster-greased-mustache pretensions that have spoiled some other places around town.I must be hitting this bar at the wrong time but anyway  I'll stick with wits inn for fun but the food was great  the shot glasses are cuteVery excited that Chris Mcmillian (Kingfish) and Laura have opened a wonderful little casual place in Mid-City. Drinks, of course, are thoughtful and delicious. Casual food is locally sourced, with great ingredients, and very satisfying. The menu is mostly interesting salads and amazing sandwiches (house-made bread, house cured meats!), but also terrines, oysters, pulled-pork nachos and more deliciousness! Service was friendly, but a little slow today, as I think they may have been understaffed, and recently opened.  I am sure that they will find their rhythm quickly! Mid-city is fortunate to have a great craft cocktail bar/restaurant, reasonably priced, and very friendly.
We look forward to returning soon!One of the best bars around, the resident mixologist obviously has an encyclopedic knowledge of spirits and drinks, their cocktail menu is large enough to satisfy any palate and mood.
The inclusion of historical cocktails is exciting and it has one of the best sazeracs in NOLA.
Strongly recommend and it is an excellent price/ quality/ ambiance ratio.Very nice staff, yummy food. They let us stay around after regular closing hours and even had conversation with us till we left. I enjoyed their Nachos! Mm!!Man o man. Great food just had a really good burger. Excellent drinks friendly people.Insanely delicious food and drinks!  As everything is made from scratch, it's understandably not the place to go if you're expecting McDonald's speed, but it's totally worth the wait.  We go there every chance we get and they've treated like we were distinguished guests each time we've been there.  PS... The fish tacos and smoked pork nachos make amazing appetizers or snacks!I'm sure this is fine if you're a regular, but the volume of the bartender is hard to take if you're trying to have a conversation.  Will not returnMy review is based on a to-go order only. My husband dined in and had the same complaint as I did on the crawfish grilled cheese. WAY too much onion and bell pepper. It over powers the cheese and the crawfish. That's all we tasted. He said he had a good dining experience and the staff was very accommodating.This was such a lovely place! I look forward to going here again for a happy hour or early dinner.
The old-fashioneds were a masterpiece and the cherries were real maraschino cherries. Plus, they were on $5 special! The fresh-baked bread that came with the hummus appetizer was crusty and warm and soft on the inside, just perfect. The crawfish grilled cheese sandwich was spectacular, too. The crawfish tails in it were nice, big, and juicy. 
They have a really nice atmosphere in there. The owner and bartender was great and our food arrived quickly. I plan on being a regular.I've been here twice now and both times disappointed.  The reviews on Yelp are just so great, maybe I got my hopes up too much.  Once on cinco de mayo, had the tacos special and a margarita.  Really thought the waitress was nice and knowledgeable, but beyond that I wasn't impressed, tacos were lackluster, margarita weak and not up to par.  Then thought I'd give it another shot with friends.  Got a crawfish grilled cheese with a side of fries, a mixed drink, and then we ordered a bottle of champagne.  Again, I thought the food and drinks were just ok. Crawfish grilled cheese was ok, but nothing amazing.  Drinks weren't strong, although they were flavorful, but when he whipped out the Ocean Spray cranberry juice to mix up the cocktail, I knew my drink wasn't the best it could be.   They must be doing something right with the immediate locals as it almost has a Cheers feeling - a lot of them knew the bartender and he knew them back by name.   If my friends wanted to go back, I would join them for the company and order the champagne again.  But otherwise, I don't think it's all that it hyped up to be on.The food is delicious! The owners and staff are friendly and welcoming! I'm looking forward to our next visit and sampling a large selection of their menu!Love this place.  Discovered it totally by accident and glad I did. Food is top notch and the cocktails are legendary. Don't let the exterior fool you. What's inside is a diamond in the rough.Chris and his wife are the greatest.  We came through as part of a quick tour of the greatest food and drink of NO and this is definitely that.  The drinks were amazing and the people even better.  There's a reason that Chris is so well known in the bartending community.  He cares a lot about quality and style in every drink.  Watching him work was one of the highlights of my weekend.  May need to come back to NO just to go here (and to get the deviled eggs at Toupe's!)
Don't miss out on this greatness.  Happy hour until 7!This was a burger spot that had a short lifespan. This bar and cafe is a welcome improvement. The bartender is what's known as a mixologist,great drinks. The fish taco is a prefect lunch bite. I see it as more of a bar,with fresh food. I am not sure if it is child friendly, I'll ask on my next visitEnjoyed a cocktail and dinner here. Bartenders were wonderful and so nice, had a good homey feel. Food was delicious, particularly the dessert. I am giving it 3 stars for 2 reasons. 
1. The prices are WAY too high. You can get a $6 cocktail down the street at 12 mile that's just as good and this place is charging $11-12. They are definitely good, just a bit steep for Nola, and not quite worth it. 
2. It took forever to make the cocktails. I understand that specialty cocktails take a long time to make, but it seemed like the bartenders were more book-smart with regard to bartending than actually experienced (or so it appeared from sitting at the bar). Had there not only been 5-6 people there, there would have been an issue.
Overall, good spot and definitely needed in mid city.  would probably go back if it was a bit more reasonably priced.Have been here twice.   Love the neighborhood, Great atmosphere, and service.  Food was very good.   But for me, it's all about the vibe, and friendly service. 
Extraordinary drink menu!  My only concern is I don't want it to get too popular, and thus crowdedThe best cocktails ever!  They have an extensive cocktail menu, fresh salads, bread, and food.  This was by far the best place we went in New Orleans!  The owner was friendly and accommodating as well.  It was so good we went twice in the same day!One of the best cocktails I've been too. The mint julep is a master piece.  If you are in NOLA you must check this cocktail bar outWe loved this place. The owners are a couple who are so nice and have a real gem on the rise as theyve only been open about 7 months. In four days we went to about 9 restaurants. We came to this place twice. Just my wife and I on a thursday night and then with friends on a saturday night (open until 1 but the kitchen closes at 11). Sam the bartender makes some excellent cocktails and is full of knowledge. The gin basil smash and vieux carre were my favorites. But i also tried the pimms cup and jean deaux and they were equally delicious. The pimms cup and basil smash are refreshing, while the vieux carre and jean deaux are more spirit cocktails. 
Now for the food. The crawfish grilled cheese, fried chicken sandwich, and pulled pork sandwich were all incredible. All quite different, but equally excellent. Crawfish was rich and savory, the chicken was sweet and spicy with a creamy gorganzola sauce, and the pulled pork was a smokey, vinegar based bbq. I could have eaten those three sandwiches every day....for what its worth we sat at the bar both times.Very good and promising for the future.
Revel is treading an interesting line between casual and classy, between refined and routine. The sandwich based menu conveys a certain blue collar-ethic which makes it accessible. The food is good but nothing was particularly incredible with the exception of the bread (makes sense given the chef is from Boulangerje and it's made in-house). The prices are maybe $2 higher than they should be if this were a more casual deli. The real refinement, style, and class come from the cocktails that Chris makes. It's really awesome seeing the attention he puts into every drink - on technique alone, on par with the best in the city. The cocktail menu is 5x as large as the food menu, and if there's a niche they could fill its that of a legit cocktail bar in mid city that happens to have decent, basic food. I'd say if this place develops into a more casual Cure - it's going to be a huge success. Kinda wish the bar was a little nicer, was open later, and really made the drinks the focus of the whole place. I hope it's a big success and look forward to visiting again soon.We live near Revel and have been many times. We enjoy many of the menu items, especially their hummus plate and the buffalo chicken sandwich. We have had some long wait times, but the craft cocktails usually make up for it.My husband and I went here for happy hour. Despite multiple attempts trying to speak with the bartenders, they were extremely unfriendly. They only wanted to speak with the "regulars" in the bar. Once we ordered drinks the bartender was extremely slow and then took the regulars orders and discussed the menu with them before ever starting on our drinks. My husband asked the bartender to make a specialty cocktail with bourbon and she made him a whiskey sour....what a joke. Any college bartender can make a whiskey sour and charge $12. Custom cocktail... Really? We ordered several small plates and though they were decent the prices were high compared to the quality of the food. Overall this place is okay but there are so many better places in the city rather than this place. This place is nothing special. Don't waste your time.Its hard to imagine a better cocktail experience than Revel provides. We felt like we had been coming here for years after just three visits. The cocktails themselves are reason alone to make this a must stop for any cocktail enthusiast. But Chris, his wife Laura, Amanda, and staff really put this place on another level. Great atmosphere, very comfortable, great old bar, and great background music at a comfortable noise level for conversations. The classic cocktails come with great stories of their origins and interesting info on their constituent ingredients too. I highly recommend this place and give it full marks. I'm sure the food is great too, but we only came in for drinks (next time for sure).Friendly service and a great vibe! We had so many things. My fave? Crawfish grilled cheese! 
Pulled pork nachos were smoky, cheesy and delicious. The shrimp salad with avocado and grape tomatoes was very tasty, and the fried chicken sandwich was ridiculous!
They are also pet friendly on the patio and Laura and Chris are amazing! I feel like I've met new friends! Come on out and support local! You'll be glad you did!We have always been fans of Chris McMillian so maybe I'm biased, but we are thrilled to have this new place in our neighborhood! We've been in twice already and have thoroughly enjoyed each time! The drinks are, of course, amazing and the food is delicious! Try the wings and the crawfish grilled cheese! 
We will be here often!meh - it's a decent sandwich. the chicken sandwich is good, tried the peanut butter burger too. both were fine, a low key spot that's fine if you're in mid cityChris and Laura McMillian are the most amazing folks. Brought our friends on a trip to NOLA, and made a point of meeting Chris. He made me a mint julep, and even let me hold that legendary ice mallet. Legend. And he can chat liquor all day long. To top things off, the food was amazing. Tip - don't be seduced by the complex beauty of The End of the Road. It will put you down fast.Amazing!!! All around great! Brie is an amazing server and truly welcomed my husband and myself! A true professional at her craft. Ms. Laura ( the owner) came out to meet us, even the executive chef (Chris) came to say hello. Truly the quintessential New Orleans neighborhood restaurant. Btw get the fried oyster with horseradish sauce.Only had drinks here, so my review will be strictly on the drinks. Came here with a party of 5 while bar hopping on North Carrollton Ave., and this was by far the best bar we been to. State-of-the-art bar with all the classics and specialties drinks you can think of; a true craft bar. Our bartender/owner, Mrs. Laura, was very kind, knowledgeable, and friendly, telling us all the tips and tricks on how to make a good cocktail all while making our drinks. 
My party had the rye old fashioned, French 75, and I think the corpse reviver? Each drink was made to perfection and tasted amazing. We all enjoyed our drinks while watching another bartender making a Ramos Gin Fizz to perfection with egg whites. A great bar for great drinks, a bar to get away from the noisiness of the city, and a true craft bar for cocktail connoisseurs. Would definitely recommend coming here.