Expensive but simple. Nothing much to brag about. Hotel fare, ok staff. $20 for breakfast buffet . Had omelet station which was good and chef super nice!! Had waffles and pancakes in hot trays- prefer fresh. Small selection of fruit - just blueberries pineapple and blackberries. Had cereal, small selection oh pastries, yogurt and maybe oatmeal. Had frozen type hash browns on line. Scrambled eggs in hot tray. Blueberry sausage which looked good but was ok. Spicy sausage and bacon also there. May have had biscuits on the line too. 
Coffee was just that not great. 
But every hotel needs decent breakfast and this one works .Went on a Thursday evening after a long day of flying. Good atmosphere, live music (though we were told this was exceptional), noise level was just right and not too crowded. Our waiter (Hugo) was absolutely delightful -- attentive, kind, helpful, professional. 
Recommended entree: The buttery tender Chef's Sizzling Adam cut  and the roasted garlic mashed potatoes as a side. Unbelievably delicious. Recommended starters: quail breast, shrimp remoulade, french onion soup. Wine: French merlot, Chateau Lyonnat 2006.Good, but probably not worth going to in a city amongst some of the Greats.  Nothing bad to say besides the waiter was a bit pushy when my friend and I were just trying to enjoy a long dinner.  We were happy with the food and wine, though.I enjoyed the French onion soup and the queen sized prime rib with the greens as a side dish. The soup was great. The prime rib was also excellent but really too much. I wish I had ordered the smallest size. The horseradish was excellent and quite hot. The service was ok but I've had much better.Never in my wildest dreams could I have imagined this night.  You ready? First, fabulous ambiance but if you want really really really good food and a great experience, skip this place and just eat at the old local places--Johnnys po-boys was even hands down better. Our waiter, Seth--very nice, yet very young, seemed nervous and untrained to me and also very amateurish along with the whole place. Everyone at this place tried and tried to be fine dining, yet they just did not have it down pat--at all! Second, the wine my girlfriends wanted from the wine list was "out of stock"...didn't start well at all.  We ordered the butternut squash ravioli as an appetizer, and I have to write--the dish was lovely!!!! but don't choose to share because you only get three! Third--- the service was slow and it took forever to get the appetizer; however, when our entree arrived promptly, we were all thrilled and ready to share the Jumbo shrimp and tagliatelle. To our quick dismay the shrimp were mealy , which we all know means they were frozen and not thawed correctly and/or simply old. We gave the kitchen a chance to correct it, but the second attempt failed miserably as well! Yes, the second time around we still received the same nasty shrimp in addition to pasta water floating on the bottom of the dish. I was so disappointed! Now the fun part...my friend , in an attempt to un latch her purse strap that was caught on her dress, tipped the table, which was a Walmart plastic table covered in a table cloth, spilled two full glasses of wine. The staff graciously responded and replaced the linens, but the wine was not COMPED!  My friend had to pay for a spilled wine accident? Finally, the so-called manger  showed up, probably praying these crazies leave, asked if we wanted another dish from the kitchen--really? why would we?-- we gave you two chances already. BUT!!!!--- The manger never offered us a comped entree. Never said I am  sorry, what can I make for you at no charge"....  We left paying $100 for 2 glasses of wine plus spillage I felt like the bad guy. Why? the dish sucked and they offered nothing to us to correct it!!!My friends and I did an early Christmas dinner here on a Saturday night.  It was for a party of ten and the RR was happy to accommodate us.
The dining room is an impressive place with tall ceilings, dark wood beams and marble columns.  According to my friend Eric, men should eat at restaurants with marble columns.  So we did.  
Kenneth was our waiter.  He had an excellent balance of being attentive but unintrusive.  He was great start to finish.  We ordered the foie gras app late in the game but still before the entrees came out.  Kenneth said it takes about 15 minutes but he would see what he could do.  We had the fois gras in like 5 minutes.  I not sure if he stole someone elses, or he is a master or expectation management.  I do know that he delivered on the late order app.
Food was decent.  We were a little let down on the apps and the sides.  The seared foie gras was decent but not excellent.  The bone marrow was tasty, but was served inside this bread thing that was made to look like a bone.  Hard to explain, but the bread tasted stale and didn't add much to the savory marrow.  Kind of a bust for their choice of carbohydrate for the marrow.  Sides were just ok.  We had asparagus, grits and spinach.  Nothing special to mention about any of the three.
So the steaks.  I had the King's Cut prime rib.  The cut of the prime rib was respectable but not prime.  The inside got a little chewy.  The periphery was over seasoned, so if you took a bite of just the outside quarter inch, it was overpowering.  The play was to mix a little outside bite with the inside meat and then you could strike the right seasoning balance.  Overall, my steak was a 4/5.  
*** My sister begged me to include this in the review.  This was her experience that night regarding the turtle soup.  She took her first bite and it had a hair in it.  She sent it back and like 10 minutes later, a man, presumably the manager, apologized.  To my sister's credit, she handled everything very discreetly.  Last thing I wanted to hear about was her hairy soup.  She thought the mishap was mishandled.  Namely, she thought the manager should have introduced himself better and offered her a free dessert or something.  RR of course didn't charge her for the soup.  ***  So there it is.  If you serve enough food, hair will happen.  It's inevitable.  That's my take.  But maybe they should have given her a free dessert.  No big deal if you ask me.
In short, I liked the rib room.  I didn't love it, but I really liked it.  I would repeat even though I think the food could be a bit better.  I liked the ambiance, the service and the steak.we were forced to eat here the other night bc we had no reservations and it was raining pretty badly out.  the front desk girl had us wait 45 minutes to sit in a half empty dining room which kind of pissed me off but I was wet anyway so I went up to my room and changed then returned.... Our appetizers were pretty weak, but edible and the steaks and sides were excellent.  The service in dining room overall looked pretty bad, but our server seemed to be doing a decent job with us.So much has been said since Katrina about this fine old establishment, and some of it by me, but I'm saying, now I'm saying they are back, and thank Dayton for a wonderful experience.Stopped in on way back to our French Quarter hotel and had a lovely time at the bar in this elegant hotel space.  Great escape from the more boisterous noise outside.Update 11-8-2014: Upgraded from 4 stars to 5 stars. We came here for our anniversary dinner. Very attentive host who guided us to our table. It's always a nice way to start an evening. Our waiter was fabulous. We brought our own wine (Silver Oak) which he promptly opened for us. I wish they would have decanted the wine first.  The place is small but very nice. It was a nice touch to see a second line parade out the window. Moving on to food. The house salad was good with a light touch of dressing. The French Onion soup was amazing. Oh the cheese! The lamb in whiskey sauce was melt in your mouth meat. We ordered a butter noodle dish for the kids which wasn't that good but that's okay because we all three loafs of bread with probably a whole stick of butter. It was that good. The grouper was amazing. The sauce made the dish. The king cut prime rib was probably the best prime rib in the south. The horse radish had that NOLA flair with a kick. And then there was the bone in ribeye. I don't typically give high praise for steaks at a prime rib house but this steak (wet aged USDA prime) was amazing. The steak was cooked perfectly. If I had to improve anything it would be the giant asparagus...it was not giant at all but still good. We ended dinner with banana pudding and a little chocolate cake with "happy anniversary" on it. Nice touch Rib Room. We'll definitely be back. Oh, and don't forget the cookies when you exit. 
4-21/2-14: Great food and amazing decor. Service was good, not great but good. If you're in the Omni and craving meat this is the place to be. The braised short rib was huge but mostly fat on it. The roasted cauliflower was okay. It had too much butter. Like Dickie Brennan's the bread comes in a bag. What's with the bag?Fantastic food and the staff to compliment it. Do visit for an exquisite meal, drinks, and depending on your company, the atmosphereWe went for a lovely, Sunday brunch. The service was impeccable and the live music was excellent. They could use more vegetarian meal choices though! The French bread was delicious, as most places have in the French Quarter. The French onion soup (which is made with beef broth but has no meat in it) was the best French onion soup I've had to date. A good ratio between onions and broth. The flavors were so tasty. I also had a salad which was very fresh. I would have liked more of a variety from which to choose, but I was happy with my meal. Also, you can't go wrong with bottomless mimosas!Their chicken liver w sauteed onions and grits were amazing looking forward to going back to the Rib Room just for an order of that with the warm french breadService and atmosphere are spectacular. I was seated by the window, so I got to people watch. Unfortunately the food left something to be desired. Bread was great. Salad was pretty good, with the dressing made in house. The hash though. It was part of the lunch coolinary menu. So bad, so uninspired. I forced myself to eat 1/2 of it. At least add an herb or something other than the 2 cups of melted cheese that was on top. I dug around under the goopy cheese, but only found boring, poorly seasoned potatoes along with the prime rib debris. I'm hoping that the food from the regular menu is better!!I hate giving 1-star reviews, but there's just no way around it. This was easily the worst dining I've experienced in New Orleans. There were a few ok things, but the main issue was the prime rib. Round 1: My husband ordered it medium and it arrived well done. When he - politely - mentioned it to our server, they basically said they thought it looked overcooked when they grabbed it to bring it out. ???? So the requested temp - again, medium - was confirmed and the well done dish taken away. Not even two minutes later, our server brings a new plate... Round 2: This new prime rib was so rare it was may as well have had horns on the plate. Now my husband, not wanting to waste another expensive cut of meat, tried to be a trooper about it but this new prime rib was ice cold 2-3 bites in. By now it seems like our server is avoiding us. When she did come over and my husband - again, politely - explained the issue this time, she tried to convince (I don't want to say argue, but it was close...) him that the second plate was medium. There was no way it was medium with the amount of blood on that plate! Then the manager came over, we explained the issue and he did apologize for both the food and the service. He also offered a free dessert, which we declined - at that point, we were done. In the end, the prime rib was removed from our bill (without our requesting it - but it was the right thing to do) but the whole experience left a bad taste in our mouths, figuratively and literally. Avoid this place if you can help it.This was a major disappointment . We had reservations at 6:30 and did not eat dinner until 8:30. Steaks were cold and poorly seasoned . Waitress forgot to bring bearnaise sauce and also forgot severe side dishes . As a local I would never come back to this restaurant. Terrible food and service and extremely expensive . Appetizers were small and tasteless. This entire experience was disappointing and I felt like we were taken for a bad ride. Went for a Father's Day dinner and will never returnMy wife and I are staying at the Omni Royal which has wonderful. The staff has been super friendly and the rooms are awesome. The restaurant attached to the hotel however has been less than subpar and after having paid for another expensive meal that is completely "meh" I felt like I needed to write a review. Let me start by saying that we purchased a "breakfast included" package and as such we've eaten at the Rib Room 3x and have ordered room service twice in the afternoons. Shame on us for thinking it would get better. The breakfast offering each day has been boring and bland. We've ordered off of the menu and the buffet to try different things and each time the food was on par with something you could buy (or wouldn't) at a convenience store such as scrambled eggs, sausage and bacon that has sat aloud much too long. We've come at different times so it's not like we were the last to eat. This morning's breakfast however won the prize. I ordered the steak and eggs (poached) and as I began cutting into the steak, I noticed small hairs on the plate. I also found a larger hair under my eggs. Before I called the waiter over, I wanted to make sure that the hair was not mine because I was so hungry. I verified that the hair was a different length and slightly lighter than mine. The waiter (who was awesome) seemed really embarrassed and his manager came over. I was grateful for the gesture but the manager could not have been more pretentious when he suggested that the hair was mine. That's where he lost me because all I wanted to do was eat my breakfast. He did offer me the buffet but the previous mornings memory I'd dried scrambled eggs and prune like sausage did not seem like a good compromise. 
My last experience occurred in the afternoon and we decided to order a little room service during the SuperBowl. We ordered the BBQ Shrimp, Buffalo wings, a Caesar Salad and French Onion Soup. The French Onion Soup tasted like it came out of a box and the rest of the food was what you could get at any bar in America for less than a third of the price. I guess that's why I'm so unimpressed and a little frustrated. 
New Orleans has AMAZING food and during our stay here we have had some incredible meals. In fact, our only bad food experience has been at the Rib Room. What makes it worse is that you pay so much more for it. If you only pay $5 - $10 for something and it tastes like crap, then so be it. But if you pay 10x that amount, you expect it to at least have a certain level of execution. Nothing about the food at the RibRoom is special or unique. You could get it anywhere and forget about it later. It's really unfortunate because we have loved staying at the Omni Royal but we recommend eating somewhere else.We ended up at the Rib Room after a bad experience at Dickie Brennan's Steakhouse. We were warmly welcomed and seated in the beautiful dining room. Our server was wonderful and the food was excellent. Prime Rib was delicious. We will definitely return next time we're in NOLA.Hadn't been to Rib Room in over 20 years and we were totally blown away. As locals who dine out weekly we are pretty hard to impress and we were wowed from the minute we walked in. Great cocktails, attentive service and the food, well, outstanding! Prime rib is perfection. Prime rib comes with house salad and loaded baked potato adding to the value and both were excellent. Special birthday dessert celebration plate included candied bacon, heaven! Frangelico martini (first time for that) topped off a very special night. We will make this a regular spot for us from now on!We dined here on our last evening as a group--four of us.  It was very quiet, very intimate, and a very wonderful evening.  The waitstaff was patient and understanding and offered fantastic choices for eating.  Although expensive, it is worth every cent for the delicious food and fond memories of friends and fun that evening.  
We started with a Dr. Loosen Riesling '09 and followed it with a Red Zin Terra d'Oro, '06.  The Dr. never fails to be good--ever!  The red went well with the entrees.
I started with the house smoked salmon as an appetizer and I was not disappointed--it's as good as it gets.  Per the suggestion of the waiter, I ordered the 18 oz. bone-in rib with grilled asparagus and immensely enjoyed the combination! The meat is thick, and tender, and cooked to perfection without any part of it being overcooked or undercooked...an amazing chef!
Being the crème brulee fan, I ordered the Grand Marnier and was left in heaven by a wonderfully smooth and exquisitely perfect brulee!  
If you can afford it, I can find no reason not enjoy an evening dining with your loved ones--it is a great environment and the staff is so pleasant and friendly and patient.We were visiting here and our first time in New Orleans, and saw the website for this place as well as the menu online, and got excited about the options here and called up to make a reservation. We arrived and noticed the place wasn't overly crowded for a Saturday night at 8pm.  The first table we were sat at was very close to another couple, and right on the edge of the kitchen, so we asked to be moved to another table. The table we were moved to was much better and by the window. I ordered the 8oz Filet cooked medium with a loaded baked potato, and my wife ordered shepherds pie. My steak was excellent and the potato was average. My wife said she didn't really see anything on the menu to her liking, on the menu we were given, and went with the shepherds pie, and it wasn't good, eh. The service was average and nothing special at all. I felt very very generous leaving even at 15% tip, although nothing was done  on earn it in my opinion. At least the Filet was cooked to the temperature ordered and tasted good, which I would expect for $39 as an ale carte item.Not sure why this place has low reviews! Our servers Gail and Lamon were unbelievable. I had the Ny Strip and my girlfriend had the filet. Both were on point. BBQ shrimp for an appetizer and our desert was hot vs cold ice cream (not positive on the name) but it was great! 
Dinner was a bit pricey but for the atmosphere, service and food... Totally worth it!
Thanks again to Lamon and Gail!The best French onion soup and the best short rib I've ever had! And believe me I've tried them at a lot of places. Staff was very friendly and although they didn't have mashed potatoes which I wanted with my short rib sauce the chef made them for me!  An excellent experience I would highly recommend.Place was empty in  a Sunday nightService was spotty. Bartender didn't know the scotches he had in stock and I had to send my steak back.  A nervous maitre d offered a weak apology. It's too bad but this place has gone down in quality.We wanted a steak dinner and this restaurant got good reviews on yelp. So we gave it a try. Our meal was fantastic the short ribs portion is huge looks like a dinosaur bone. But we waited an hour and 15 minutes for our meal, and the restaurant was not busy.   highly recommend it if you have lots of time to sit and wait and enjoy a meal.I love the Rib Room. I always visit when I'm in town and it never changes (fortunately). The Rib Room is the main ground floor restaurant of the Omni Royal Orleans hotel and is situated slap bang in the middle of the French Quarter. A very nice barman told me about this place when we were chatting one night and after visiting, make a note to always head back. The restaurant is kind of 'old world', beautiful linens, polite waiters, usually a pianist or harpist or something playing. I always order the prime rib on the bone, which is served with a baked potato (fully loaded of course) and gravy on the side. I always usually try and sit by a window and people watch. The atmosphere is wonderful and I really could sit in here for hours. The wait staff are always polite, friendly and helpful. Also try and bar just outside the main entrance to the restaurant. This place consistently ranks in my top 10 of restaurants around the world I love.Breakfast buffet was sans rival. Made to order eggs, omelets, pancakes. Great grits. Succulent sausages. Hot chocolate, fresh squeezed juice. Very hospitable and friendly service. Pastries- meh. Best $17 I've spent here so far.We ate here at 7pm on a Friday.
When we arrived, we were the only people in the restaurant, which made me very nervous.  By the time we left at 9pm there was a party of 12, and three other tables of 4; I would have expected them to be more busy on a Friday night.
The service was very good, very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu and wine options.  
They have a butter guy - his job is to walk around with an enormous plate of butter and put wedges of butter on plates.  Where do I get this job!
Rotisserie House Sausages with Creolaise, $14
Butternut Squash and Marscapone Ravioli with Brown Butter, Toasted Hazelnuts and Sage, $10
Gem Lettuce Salad with Asian Pear, Goat Cheese, Spiced Pecans, and Crispy Potato, $11
8oz Filet with Worcestershire Glaze, $36
Loaded Baked Potato, $5
Rib Room Potatoes, $5
Cauliflower Puree, $5
All the food was good.  We especially enjoyed the Creolaise that came with the sausages and we could have eaten three more bowls of the Ravioli.  The filet was good, but the Worcestershire glaze made it great!  The Rib Room Potatoes are red potatoes fried in bacon and crusted in Parmesan cheese!  The cauliflower puree had amazing flavor and a silky texture.
There is a station in front of the kitchen that makes the steaks and runs the huge Rotisserie.  I liked the concept of the Rotisserie and wished that someone would have ordered something that used the rotisserie.  Our sausages were hung on the rotisserie for a few minutes, but that wasn't much to see.  I did enjoy watching the chef make the steaks and cut the prime rib.Our waiter Hugo was attentive, kind, and made excellent recommendations. Him alone, would make us go back. Great for a romantic evening out. Very intimate and business casual attire. I had a perfectly cooked filet mignon, I asked for medium rare, and it was correct! It was high quality meat, it felt like it would melt in my mouth. I didn't even have to use a knife and it did not require any additional seasoning. The bread was delicious and so was the asparagus. We also forgot a piece of art that we did not realize until we were at the airport and they expedited it to Austin. My husband is also a vegetarian that doesn't like cheese and they were able to accommodate his needs. Overall great experience.Arrived to a half-empty restaurant without a reservation, was told the wait was 20 minutes.  Asked how we would know when our table was ready and they told us to come back in 20 and that it would be - felt like this is a rite-of-passage thing (the wait).  
Got seated in one of the many open tables 20 minutes later, was greeted with butter and bread in a bag.  The butter was a bit salty for my taste but balanced the bland bread.  The menu was simple and to-the-point.  Ordered the French onion soup, loaded potato and the the 13oz ribeye along with the 9 oz Genesis red wine.
The soup was ok, nothing to brag about.  The potato was the same, nothing great but not terrible.  The steak, on the other hand, was horrendous.  It arrived in a puddle of grease and mostly tasted like grease.  I attempted to sop up the excess grease with the bread but there was too much and I gave up after eating less than a half of the steak when I felt nauseous.
Now, the steak may have been cooked a special French way, so if this is your "thing" you'll probably love this food.  If not, avoid at all costs, their steak is below what should be considered as edible.  Good food shouldn't make you feel like garbage after you eat it.
Not recommended for the steak.Wow!  What great food they have here.  We stayed at the Omni and had many dining opportunities.  Hands down the best grits, lamb chops, prime rib and their prime rib Po boys are excellent.
Our waiter was top notch!We were staying at the Omni for our anniversary  and were in the mood for a steak.  The New York Strip was amazing.  My wife loved her filet.  Service was terrific.  Hugo is the server you want.  Highly recommended.  You can dress up or dress down.Between three and four stars but since the setting is so over the top and cinematic, I'll go with four stars.  It was eerily empty when we arrived at 7:30 on a Friday night.  Our server looked like he was 12 and he seemed excited to be waiting on three ladies who weren't senior citizens.  We got served cheese and crackers as soon as we sat down and I thought that was really odd.  Bread soon followed.
I had a frisee salad with a poached egg and lardons.  It came looking very pretty and garnished with a purple orchid.  But there were no lardons and the egg was cooked all the way through.  It had a nice dressing though and that orchid really went a long way for me so overall, good.  My friend got the house salad, which was not very fresh looking iceberg with Hidden Valley ranch.  At a place like this, I'd expect better greens and maybe housemade dressings.   For my entree, I had a really wonderful filet cooked with peppercorn sauce.  My friend did also but we ordered them at different temps.  They gave us the wrong ones which isn't so horrible but again, at that kind of restaurant, you need to have a lot of attention devoted to those details.  The other friend had a prime rib, she said it tasted very good but not as tender as it should be and overall didn't seem very impressed.  Chocolate mousse for dessert, fine not great or memorable in any way.  
I enjoyed it for the wonderful company that I had and the plush surroundings.  The food was fine but for the money, I'll take my business somewhere else.Great food and decor. Excellent service.  The staff was very accommodating and attentive.Made reservations for sunday brunch at noon.  Disappointed because i thought it was a buffet but no that ended at 10:30.  Turns out each brunch item includes a appetizer and dessert with all you can drink mimosa, ok, not bad. Uh yeah, 3 out of the 4 of us liked there appetizers of shrimp, crab cakes, beet salad, and another salad.  Beet salad was super small, shrimp had great broth but heads attached and crab cakes are not vegetarian and tasted uncooked.  Steak was good lacked flavor.  Red fish was fishy, eggs bennedict looked sad.  Service was awesome tho from hostess to our servers but for over $150, I rather have gone elsewhere.Chef Rene Bajeaux continues a decades long tradition of delicious dining options at The Rib Room located at the Omni Royal Orleans. Each day, the chef creates a new Prix Fixe menu for only $35. One low price includes an appetizer, entree, and dessert.  I enjoyed a fresh caprese salad, sea bass with a crawfish sauce over yellow rice, mac & cheese, and cranberry meringue. Not only did I eat every bite of my meal (save the mac & cheese that was for sharing), but I wanted more cranberry meringue! yummy! 
I will return for special occasions and I encourage others to also.Sunday brunch. Excellent service from Andrew. From very good to excellent food. Started by sharing a salad with creamy dressing and what tasted like strips of Pringle's - yummy. My friend's shrimp creole with grits was outstanding. I had the eggs sardou (which comes with crab), it was fine but not seasoned. The home fries I added were super salty so together they balanced each other out. This was the most stuffed I was in nola out of all of our brunches and dinners and I had the nerve to scarf down the delicious praline you get on the way out. That's an awesome touch.
Oh - Sugar Bear and the Jazz Cats serenade each table. Very very very good jazz trio, very charming and I am one who is not often interested in being serenaded.
AND the mimosa was perfect. Poured at table with your chosen ratio of OJ and champagne. I am a lightweight and could only handle 1, but the $10 unlimited mimosas are an excellent deal.
Also, very nice ambience. You might think it would be a little stuffy, but the seats were so comfortable and details were so attended to that we were all very comfy.We stopped in there for drinks because we stayed in the Omni but the bar was messy, the staff not very attentive and the drinks expensive (go to the Carousel in the Hotel Monteleone). Went to breakfast there twice and the first time the buffet was great but unfortunately the second time was horrible. It seemed like many items were leftover from the day before. The whole place (hotel included) has a problem delivering a consistent high level of service for a four diamond (seems more like a two).The ambiance is lovely. The holiday drink menu was fun and delicious. 
We decided upon this location based on its Reveillon dinner. $55, four course meal traditionally served just in December. 
My dinner companions and I ordered different items so we could get a full experience. 
The chicken livers were fantastic. The crab salad was lackluster. The seafood gumbo wasn't great, roux was a little burned...the sweet potato soup was okay. The prime rib was excellent. The oysters were well done but missing an accompanying sauce. 
The pork loin was their big disaster. It arrived RAW. Well below safe temps for pork. Took them nearly 30 mins to replace my raw pork and what came back out still was pinker than I'd prefer. It wasn't smoked, so the pink should've been minimum if cooked to a proper 145 degrees internally. 
The sides accompanying that dish were great but I ended up taking it 98% home in a box for 2 reasons- 1) I felt bad for the server and I didn't want to send it back a second time. 2) my dinner companions were basically done eating and waiting on me for the next course. 
The fourth course of bread pudding was the rockstar of the night. 
Our server, Norma, was very sweet- but a bit disconnected. She had some difficulty splitting our bill 2 ways, despite me giving her a receipt with penned check marks notating the items I was responsible for. 
She was clearly unfamiliar with the seasonal drink menu when we asked questions about it. 
When asked for more of the sauce that came with the chicken livers, she brought us remoulade. 
The manager kept checking on us and we were honest about our disappointment. She comped the price of my dinner due to the raw pork. 
I was grateful and hadn't planned on writing a review, but I spent last night with a GI issue that I feel is connected to the 3 bites of pork I DID eat. So, I'm basically writing this from the bathroom...full of regret and wishing I'd just ordered the damn prime rib.While staying at the Omni Royal I came across the Rib Room. I was traveling to New Orleans for the first time. When I arrived the weather was horrible and pouring down rain, so I decided to hit up the restaurant/bar at the hotel to start getting my drink and eat on. :)  I was traveling solo so I love sitting at the bar and eating. It's a great way to chat with the bartenders and other people at the bar. 
Dee'Aundra was the bartender and was fantastic! She was so friendly and easy to talk to. She gave me recommendations on New Orleans which I greatly appreciated. She recommended the Fried P&J Oysters Pastis (Creamed Spinach, Feta Cheese and Roasted Red Peppers) on the appetizer menu. They were delicious!! That was the only menu item I tried as the rain stopped and the sun came out and I decided it was time to adventure out to the streets of the French Quarter. From my brief experience here I would highly recommend!This was about our tenth meal at The Rib Room. It has a beautiful Old New Orleans atmosphere. We sat at a table by the window and loved the Royal Street sights  The staff were attentive as usual. The prime rib with horseradish sauce is the best. Always a good choice!!On a busy Sunday night during Jazz Fest we walked into the Rib Room and found it mostly empty - not the best of signs, but we went in, anyway, seeking a well-timed meal so we could make it to a show later. 
The room is genuinely beautiful--dark and rich--and the tables comfortable. Our window seats provided a stark contrast to some of the wildlife passing-by in the French Quarter. 
After cocktails a server arrived at our table and tossed a bag of bread at us. It was a full loaf,  recently heated. We tore it off in hunks and enjoyed it. Like most of the bread we sampled in New Orleans, it was quite a bit lighter than what we're accustomed to in the west. When we asked about it we were told that the great majority of restaurants in the French Quarter source their bread from the same spot. We liked it enough that we asked for a second bag. 
Salad and appetizers arrived next. My salad with blue cheese dressing featured old romaine lettuce and dressing with much more mayo than cheese - it was the low point of the meal. My wife had prime rib and enjoyed it. My pork chop was HUGE and flavorful, but it was tough. I spent too much time harvesting the chop into more manageable bite-size pieces. We also had really good sweet corn grits and terrific greens with bacon.
And, yes, we did make it to the show on time.This was such a dissapointment, it's hard to even describe. You have to remember the rib room from twenty years ago to understand the state it's in now.
I got the chef special mac and cheese, with ham and shrimp, and it was awful. 
The mac and cheese was passable, watery and bland, but the shrimp on top were so overcooked the were like eating rubber versions of shrimp, I think they might have been cooked initially the day before. They actually stank when they were served.
My dad had a shaved prime rib sandwich, it was a joke. Bread not toasted, prime rib from the day before, nothing on the sammie for moisture, truly bad.
Better sandwiches at arbey's.
Take heed of this review, and the one before it where the poor lady could barely cut through her chicken with a steak knife, it's truly bad. I honestly think they are serving food from the day before.Chicken and waffles! Yes please! Wonderful Sunday Jazz Brunch. Service is impeccable. Magnificent!Really wanted to like this steak house but the quality isn't there. My wife and I is staying in the main hotel and gave it a shot tonight. Seating was fast and the ambiance was nice. The bread came out nice & warm with Generous portions of butter.  Now this is where it gets bad. My wife gets her salad and the lettuce is withered and brown. The waitress gets her a replacement and it's the same. The managers comes over and apologize and takes the salad away and doesn't even ask if we want another replacement. I guess he knows their salads are in bad shape? The waitress is super sweet and offers my wife a free drink on the house. Now the main course comes out and they looked delicious. My first bite into my prime rib was very salty! I power washed my drink down and killed my rib! Starving and wasn't to worried about the extra sodium. My wife's petite filet was very good but her plate was over buttered with garlic which made her nauseous. Overall our waitress was very sweet but the food was not par to the good steak house.The best prime rib I've ever had!!! My husband had the pork chop and it was fantastic!!! Definitely recommend.This is a traditional New Orleans restaurant, which means great service, and a leisurely meal of no less than an hour.  There is a beautiful bar to start you off before you are seated.  You will see a lot of locals here, too.  I have been here for breakfast and lunch, and have had solid meals each time.  They have great service for tea, as well.this restaurant is adjacent to the Omni Royal Hotel and is pretty busy at times.  Although its a hotel restaurant they seem to get a lot of people here for dinner.  More for drinks and its really inviting and very air conditioned compared to many bars.  Its more upscale and very comfortable.  Worth the visit.Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had. Not only that... They offer you to get a flight of sauces to just enjoy the deliciousness even longer.
The steak was cooked to the exact specifications that I ordered and it was too perfect. Our waiter was incredible and very knowledgeable of what he thought we would like. We took all of his recommendations and it was a perfect meal.
I will definitely be back should I ever find myself in New Orleans again.I've stayed in many different Omni hotels, and I think this is one of my favorites, but this has to be my least favorite because of the service, or lack thereof.
My review is based for the breakfast only...
There was one bright shining star for service and it was Veronica.  She was both friendly and attentive.
In my 3 night stay there, the omelette chef was never there on time and the servers and hostess just stand around and talk and laugh.  It is very distracting and rude.  One waitress doesn't even look like she wants to be there and looks very unhappy.
The food in the morning is normal Omni buffet faire, but the service just really drags this place down.  I was so disappointed.
I really hope management reads this and does something with this because it really gives a bad mark to this amazing  hotel...We stayed at the Omni Royal for a few days before our honeymoon cruise in February 2012 and decided to try the Rib Room for dinner the last night we were there.  They got us seated quickly and when they found out we had just gotten married they brought out a champagne toast for us.  We were seated in a private corner by the window, we watched horse drawn carriages go by and the view of the street corner was very much New Orleans and magical.
We chose the calamari to start, it was a little bland and didn't have much flavor and it was also over-cooked.  I chose a salad and my husband got the gumbo as the next course, we were both happy with them.  For my main course I ordered the quail, I was very impressed!  The meat was tender and well flavored and the mashed potatoes and vegetables were smothered in the quail's broth, soo tasty!  My husband chose a steak as his main and he thought it was definitely good but not the best he's tasted.  I agreed with him, the steak was tender and seasoned well but nothing beats our hometown Doe's Eat Place steak.  I don't remember if we chose a dessert, I think we were too stuffed from dinner to make room for dessert. 
Over all I would give the Rib Room 4 stars for taste, 5 stars for service and 5 stars for atmosphere.  When we go back to New Orleans we plan to stay at the Omni Royal again and have dinner at the Rib Room.  I see it being a favorite for many years to come!YESSSS.....someone listened to me and went and hired Chef Rene, formerly of Renes at the Pere Marquette Renaissance!! So far so good, the 3 course lunch specials are back, reasonably priced and tasty. Haven't been here for dinner yet, but looking forward to it. Positive steps in the right direction!!!Seriously good food and service: The Rib Room is as good as it gets. We went there for Saturday lunch around Noon and enjoyed the best service I've had in New Orleans and some of the best food I've lately. Every food we tried was really geat but they're known for the Prime Rib and for very good reason. It's great.
I have to say, though: I thought the cheesecake was just ok. The bottom, chocolate layer really over-powered the taste of cheesecake for me. I mean, it was still good, just not "cheese-cakie" enough for me. The bread pudding, however, was delicious.
The price was fine for the quality of the food and service and I'll definitely go back.Went here for thanksgiving dinner. I really liked the atmosphere, the live music and dining room really made the experience something. I can't justify the food for the price, however. The food was OK, nothing special, and definitely didn't need to end up costing what it did. Would rather go here for drinks and enjoy the environment than actually dine.I'm writing this while I am sitting here having lunch. A disappointment to say the least. The hostess was rude, making me feel uncomfortable to eat anything they bring out to the table. I ordered a beat salad, took over 30-minutes to come, apparently it had crab on it that smells bad. Will not ever come back. It's a good thing that I have my Quest bar, lol....I'll keep it simple. 25 minutes to receive soup appetizer. Our waiter is buddies with couple behind us ..who during our meal watches videos, and holds conversation on their speakerphone. Speak to maitre d and he offers to validate our parking....we didn't park there. A real shame. So many good memories of this place.The new Chef Rene Bajeux just arrived to put the Rib Room on the Map, according to my understanding. He's making some major changes for the better.  example, the French onion soup is a far heartier fare than the traditional "American" French soup, Rene uses beef, chicken, and veal in subtle amounts, providing a truly continental dish. We have returned late at night for the crab cakes, right before they closed, a savory "dessert" with almost no breading, full of tarragon and other herbs. I discovered the strawberries and blueberries topping the bread pudding are local and organic, Try getting this at just about any other restaurant.Everything we ate here was excellent! The bartender Melissa was great and very friendly.Roy is amazing! The bar at the Omni is a wonderful respite from the Bourbon street hustle. Fantastic, well crafted drinks and very good food to boot. Definitely worth a visit.Great food.  Had the 18oz "sizzling" prime rib.
Service was spotty,but the food more than makes up for it.
Even the bread was excellent.
Sitting there, you feel that the place has some history.Class. Elegance. Service. These characteristics describe The Rib Room. 
We were waited on and doted over by no less than five people and it was a busy night. The manager walked my father to the restroom to show him where it was. 
The prime rib was superb. The lamb ribs fell off the bone. The horseradish that came with the prime rib lit my face on fire, in a good way. 
The ambience was excellent. The steak master stood in front of ducks roasting under roaring fires and massive ovens where he personally approved of each steak that goes out.
Can't recommend this place higher.We went here last year and really enjoyed ourselves so we were surprised by the average reviews on yelp. We went back a couple of weeks ago and now get the problem. It was a poor experience. My prime rib was over cooked, my wife's fish was terrible. We basically didn't eat our dinners and our very nice waitress acted like or didn't notice the full plates when she took them away. Thankfully we ate lots of bread and didn't leave hungry. We won't go back.The Rib Room looks straight out of a black-and-white movie, and we expected to see Fred and Ginger sit down at the table next to us.
The menu has seven prime rib choices, our waitress did a fine job of explaining the differences.  My buddy had prime rib; I had a seafood platter.  Both entrees were excellent.  Also excellent was the loaf of bread they brought to our table.
Good service, good food, a nice change of atmosphere from the typical French Quarter restaurant.This is so sad to me because my husband and I absolutely love everything else about the Omni Royal Hotel, except the Rib Room. 
I love the restaurant it self - it is very old world charm. We have had breakfast buffet here on many occasions and the omelette station is great but service is always kind of slow and sloppy - compared to the amazing service we're used to getting in the rest of the quarter fine dining establishments. 
We had dinner here on my birthday a few days ago - our first time. I had the Gumbo which was tasteless. My husband's turtle soup didn't have much flavor either. 
The dinner salad was sad. Dressing on the side and some chopped up ice berg lettuce with bred croutons. Just plain boring diner salad. 
My rotisserie chicken must have been cooked way in advance and was completely dry and flavorless and served with soggy spinach.
My husband had the prime rib and the meat was tasty but the baked potato it came with was again diner quality. 
I had a side of the cauliflower au gratin which arrived pretty much after we finished our meal in a thick béchamel sauce and cheddar cheese on top. Yikes!
We will not come back ever!This place was a huge disappointment for Thanksgiving dinner.  They served overly breaded/fried oysters that were bland and tasteless.  Isn't that a crime in NOLA?  And, their 'turkey' was really dried out turkey roll - and you didn't even get a choice of white or dark meat.  The serving staff was mediocre but the price was outrageous! I will never recommend or go to the Rib Room again.  Terrible experience.I've only had breakfast here but it was pretty good. I mostly go for the relaxing atmosphere. Servers are very friendly.This has always been my favorite restaurant for the most succulent cuts of meats, the most tasty BBQ shrimp and the best service in the city. Anytime we host large groups, this is always our Go-To spot. But last month the experience was over the top. When I went to the hostess a few days before our reservation and told her that I had planned on proposing to my girlfriend after the meal, she got super excited and said she needed to get her manager. Melecia came out with the biggest smile, introduced herself and genuinely expressed her excitement that we chose their restaurant for our special day. She asked what my plan was. I told her at dessert time, I would like to have a covered platter delivered to the table with the ring inside to surprise my girlfriend as they took off the lid. She coordinated this perfectly and even lined the bottom of the platter with rose petals (which she had bagged up for us to take home after the meal as a memory). My now Fiancé was in complete shock. The proposal went off without a hitch and little did I know, either Melecia or one of her staff members was right behind me filming the whole event which she then texted to my partner in crime who was holding the ring until it was time to pass it on to the restaurant. I can't give enough praise to Felecia, the hostess and our servers for making this special night even more special!!! And of course, the entire dinner party raved about every item we ordered. Thanks again! See you soon!!!No surprise my 5-star favorite has gone down to 3.5 stars.  Katie at the bar is trying to handle three times the work a bartender should.  Your high-end clientele are walking... I'm watching them leave as we speak, drinkless, while I watch this whirlwind bartendress do the best she can, she is amazing, but set up to fail.I booked a private room for my husbands 50th birthday/25th corporate anniversary party.   I booked a room for 12.   The process was SO easy.   I called, about 6 months in advance, especially since his birthday fell on Mardi Gras weekend, spoke with a real human being.  She was wonderful, very helpful. 
They only charged me 150.00 to hold the room.  When we arrived at the restaurant the evening of, they were waiting for us.  They had the room all set up beautifully.   
The table looked so nice.   They had three fixed menus, I choose the one that was right in the middle, price wise.   Came with appetizer choices, salad, soup, meal choice, dessert, etc. 
We also had a private waiter who not only called me by my first name all nite, he was wonderful! 
The service was great, the private room was below the restaurant, so we could be as loud as we needed to be, and we didnt disturb anyone else. 
The food choices were great, and they all tasted great too. 
We got wine, booze, food, service, all of it was fantastic! 
I recommend this restaurant to anyone going to NO.  Especially if you have a private party.  They have plenty of private rooms to choose from. 
And honestly the prices were totally reasonable for everything that we got. 
Thanks everyone!  We had a blast!Five stars are so very rare for me...But, I've been enjoying this place for years, recently went here for lunch and had a phenomenal roast beef debris Po Boy. This is honestly the best one in town in my opinion. It's not the typical roast beef Po Boy either. This meat is more like the texture of pulled pork, as it's shredded beef.  It also isn't soppy messy with debris gravy, it isn't necessary. The moisture and tenderness come from perfectly cooked meat and a horseradish mayo type of dressing.  
They racked up all the extra points too: great service, we could eat comfortably at the bar for lunch, they had a good selection of by-the-glass wines, and the sea salt fries were perfect.
I'll definitely have this for lunch again many, many more times...Expensive but the filet was worth it. 8 ounce filet for 43$ might seem like a lot but for a special occasion dinner it was very good. The mac and cheese side was meh but the scallop appetizer was also great. Great wine selection as well.Having worked at the RO, am very familiar with the Rib Room and it's cuisine..decided to try the Coolinary menu ...Gumbo was cold and stew like..not a classic NOLA gumbo..Rib Room salad was overloaded with kale and few other greens..the debris poor boy had not a lick of Swiss cheese as advertised and the French bread was cold  and soggy...the fries were geeasy and tepid at best...a waste of time and not up to Rib Room standard..dont insult locals with cheap food. Won't try that again!Amazing is all I can say!  Perfect service, excellent food and wonderful atmosphere!  We were here early December 2017 and I shared the queen cut of prime rib with Mom.  It included a salad and baked potato and i started with turtle soup with sherry...yum, yum, yum.  They split the whole meal and served it perfectly plated.  Our Prime Rib was exactly The level of Cooked it should be when you order Rare, and the chocolate bread pudding was scrumptious!  Our waiter was perfectly attentive and our water glasses were filled promptly as was our wine!  Overall a fantastic experience in a beautiful place.  Christmas decor was gorgeous too!Outstanding! Had the prime Rib and Mac n' Cheese. Both were perfect. I could smell our Prime rib being prepared with au jus prepared to order just for that plate. Mac n' cheese was some of the best I've ever had. Service was paced a little slower than your average place, but the servers were polite and attentive. I will definitely eat here every time I am in NOLA.My guy and I decided to dine at the Rib Room for Valentine's Day this year.  We were looking for somewhere different that we hadn't tried before.  Not sure how we stumbled upon this place but we figured it was worth a try.
I really liked the atmosphere.  It had an old steak house feel to it - very cool.  In general the food was ok.  I think we expected it to be much better than it was but even still, it wasn't bad.  The BBQ shrimp and Cream Cheese Grits were delicious!  I kinda wish I'd made that my meal.  I think they should consider combining them as an entree!
The steaks were just ok.  We were actually disappointed in them.  I think we expected them to be in line with Ruth's Chris, especially since the prices were.  But...they were nothing special, in my opinion.  
Cool vibe and good bites.  Don't go expecting the steak of your life.  Not gonna happen.A quiet Tuesday night in the Quarter was the perfect setting for a wonderful meal at the Rib Room. Perfectly seasoned and roasted prime rib, melt in your mouth short rib and a great Sazerac - yum yum yum. True southern hospitality - thank you Hugo! And real kudos to chef Michael at the helm! Looking forward to being 'regulars'.We had reservations at 6:00 & they didn't get to us until 5 mins. after, we were 15 mins early. They were having there team meeting. I think they tend to run it a little to long it don't start it soon enough. Same thing happened to us the day b4 for lunch. Our food was excellent but the only nice person to us was the hostess/greeter gentleman. I made a little joke with the lady serving our water & bread & she didn't crack a smile at all. We had to have two checks and our server seemed annoyed with us. Overall it was still a gr8 experience as the food made up for it.This restaurant had the worse service and food I have had anywhere The steaks had no taste at all and were full of stringy fat. (Filet).  The puree Cauliflower was like soup, and the bread was stale. The cheese grits were even less than average. How do you mess those up in New Orleans.
The wait staff could have cared less if you were there, and sat us at a table next to a table filled with overflow food and bottles that were never cleared. Drinks were not refilled, and desert wasn't even offered. For what this meal cost I could have eaten in a good restaurant and enjoyed the time.  Don't go here.I would have loved to have left a review on the food but when my husband and I asked for a table for two. Mind you half the place was empty and it was 8pm. They said they were only taking reservations and could not seat us. There was no one waiting and plenty of tables open. I have never been so appalled with service. Don't worry we will take our money elsewhereWell what can I say. We had a reservation for 4 people. It tool 30 minutes for the waitress to come to the table to tell us that the wine was not in stock. The lobster mac and cheese had no lobster, there was however a hair in it, the mashed potatoes were as salty as hell, the Brussels sprouts were not available and we waited 2 hours to find that out. The manager to us that the menu was new and they were still getting used to it but that doesn't explain the meat being overcooked and clearly waited until it was cold to be served. Yes we paid a fraction of the bill, but in my opinion we shouldn't have paid at all. Find somewhere with great service and avoid this restaurant. We watched as other negative reviews were posted last night and today mysteriously gone.