Yuk. Undercooked fries, overly salty fries oysters. Move on.I stopped in for a quick lunch and to people watch as I dined alone in the Quarter. I ordered the crab and corn bisque and a glass of wine.  My waiter seemed uninterested but did stop by once to inquire on my food. The bisque was more a thick corn chowder. The crab was elusive. Nothing special and not a soul even bothered to thank me as I walked out.Alright so the service wasn't so bad but the food was a bit either to salty or watery. My chicken Alfredo was watery my brothers Mardi Gras pasta was a tad to salty and the gumbo was really salty that you couldn't taste the spices. Over all it was ok.This review is based on the bar. Yes...yes...I know once again...shocker coming from me ha ha. 
After you have enjoyed beignets from Cafe Du Monde, walk across the street to River's Edge and grab yourself a delicious cocktail to go. The bar is a small one, so be prepared for standing room only, unless you are one of the lucky few to grab one of the few chairs.
Kenneth was the bartender on duty for both of my visits this year to River's Edge. He was such a great sport to have to deal with the "Tampa Trouble" in the house. He was very friendly and efficient at making our drinks, too. 
River's Edge Signature Cocktails are premade due to the immense volume of these drinks they sell. They are refreshing, taste great, and are priced well, too. Oh, and also very colorful. 
My friends had breakfast there on our last day and most of their feedback was average on the food. The restrooms are definitely NOT the prettiest or cleanest, but, you basically have no choice when you have been drinking all day or all night. 
Definitely stop in for one or more the refreshing drinks here. Or, the best thing about NOLA is...you can take your drinks to go and partake while sightseeing throughout the city!The waiter made me a sangria evan though it was not on the menu. It was very good The other 3 with me had good drinks also. For a snack we had a spinach artichoke dip with chips and some crab cakes that were good. The bathroom was just all right.Just straight up bad.
   We wanted to go to Central Grocery, but it was Mardi Gras and of course they were closed.
      So, hey, they still had breakfast - cool. I ordered the LA omelet and G had the "Ragin' Cajun".  Ugh. So gross. Sauce seemed canned, egg partially uncooked all just bad. Ate less than 1/2.
     Also -so weird - they don't have tap water. What?!?! The bottled was only $2.50 but what the hell? That doesn't even seem legal. I work in a totally different aspect of service and even we have to offer water by law.
    This place is totally resting on their location and making money hand over fist.My daughter and I ate here this evening after spending the afternoon at the Insectarium and wandering the French Quarter. The place was sparsely occupied at 5:45, not unusual for a Monday. Somewhat unusual for a very busy French Quarter on Memorial Day.
Nevertheless, it was clean and adequately appointed. We wanted the spinach and artichoke dip. They were out. We ordered instead the crawfish pasta to split since we were moderately hungry but not enough to finish separate entrees. It was preceded by a small house salad with a nice, thick ranch dressing on the side. (I hate watery dressings.)
The pasta itself was a disaster. I said to my daughter, "I could have made this better at home." My daughter responded, "You HAVE made this better at home." For any local readers, I would liken it to a poor attempt at crawfish monica... just worse. The pasta was mushy, the sauce was very greasy and had no salt or flavor. Grated parmesan cheese was added at some point, but only to one side, where it melted and clumped together around large pieces of canned mushrooms. To its merit, there was a generous helping of frozen crawfish in the pasta, which was a bust, as none of it had any flavor. Also, it had a lot of minced green pepper throughout, which would give it some much needed flavor, but it was still very bland.
To add insult to injury, my waiter, Nate, added an extra $13 to my bill. He corrected it with the explanation of "Oh I guess it authorized that amount." I'm not sure what this means. I don't know you or trust you, Nate. But for that stunt, you got a zero dollar tip.
What confuses me a bit about this place, located in the heart of the FQ, is that they pride themselves on all day breakfast. As if this feature is something special or unusual and sets them apart. It doesn't. The restaurants in any of the hotels can serve you breakfast at any time. People want fine fare in the FQ. Not omelets and waffles. Regretfully, this place will stay in business because of its prime location.We were seated immediately. Nice view of Decatur Street. The AC was a cool surprise. 
Our server was nice and attentive.
Very interesting breakfast menu. Would like to try some of their southern omelettes.
The Bloody Mary was very tasty. Would certainly order that again. The pain Perdue (French toast) was excellent. Try it!! Eggs Benedict were unremarkable, would not order again. Menu items overpriced but average for the area.
The restaurant was clean. Bathrooms were clean... Albeit could use more lighting and you have to walk down a weird dingy hallway like I'm going to do a drug deal...Fellow yelpers, you are being far too harsh here!  I found River's Edge to be a solid breakfast spot whilst walking around Jackson Square.  Are far as breakfast is concerned, your options are somewhat limited to omelets, but they are really good.  I had some varietal of a New Orleans flavored omelet, jambalaya perhaps.  It was delicious!  The coffee was great too.  Oh, and our server Brian was so cute and adorable.
The only bad thing I can point out here is the bathrooms.  They were dangerous & unusable.  But other than that I'd recommend for a quick bite.I don't know why this place got only two stars; I didn't think it was the best place ever, but it has a great location and it wasn't as bad as the ratings make it out to be.  
I got the seafood gumbo.. it was pretty good.  I enjoyed it.  My dad got blackened catfish and found fried bits in it, which was a little strange, but he still said the dish was good.  My mom got the shrimp and crab salad, which tasted previously frozen :( and was served on a bed of iceberg lettuce.  I still thought it was decent, except for the fact that there were tons of little pieces of shell in it (read this in several reviews)!  My uncle got the catfish poboy, and the portion was HUGE and looked delicious!  
The service was friendly and they did a really good job of refilling our waters (SO HOT outside!).  The table was weirdly bent on my end though, so i had to push everything way forward or it would have just slid off the table haha.Hum, still wonder if the burger was made of meat. Just keep walking. Don't waste your money!I did not have a good experience here.  
Maybe it was because I was not feeling good from the previous nights festivities or maybe it was the service.  I think it was the latter.  Yes I was feeling under the weather but we were rushed to our seats, asked for our choices, and given our bill well before we had even started digging into our meals.  
The location is nice on the corner facing Jackson Square and they have seating that is open to the outside.  Even a few sparrows could come in and join us for our meal which didn't mind me just a bit. 
But, I didn't feel wanted in this place and they rushed to get us out.  When we were finishing our meal other customers were asking us if they could take our chairs we were sitting in.  
Maybe it was just because the place was busy but if they are always serving people in this manner then they have something coming to them.I'm kind of surprised about all the horrid reviews on here...but, that might be because I went for lunch on a random day during no celebrations....and it wasn't busy. 
We were seated quickly. Our waiter was kinda weird, but it wasn't bad. Our food didn't take too long to make. My dad had the Shrimp Po Boy, I had the Jambalaya and my sister had the Crab Cakes. My dad is very picky about his Po Boys. This was the largest one he's ever had. 
My jambalaya was really great and my sister thought her Crab Cakes weren't bad. 
I would probably come again, that is if I ever found myself in New Orleans again...which I probably won't.If I could give it zero stars I would.  Stopped in for breakfast, picked River's Edge because of it's great location.  The food was awful. I had the seafood gumbo which was bland other than the burnt taste. The saving grace was the shrimp cocktail which was palatable.  Go to Stanley's it's just a few door down behind River's Edge and if there's a wait, wait - it's worth it.My friends and I came here because we were hungry for breakfast and didn't want to wait in line at Cafe Du Monde. The service was awful - the waitress had an attitude the whole time. Their waffles were cold and undercooked. The grits were tasteless and had a film on them. The hashbrowns were like canned potato strings. The omelette was the only thing that was any good, so I shared with everyone else. I was very disappointed with our service and food for the price! Next time I will wait in line at Cafe Du Monde.when we walked in we stood by the hostess desk for almost 10 minutes before anyone came to seat us. We get to our table and wait another 15 minutes before a server came over to get our drink orders. For our food we ordered the crab cakes as an app. and 2 po'boys for our meal. 
Take 1: he brings out cheese sticks. we tell him we ordered crab cakes so he takes them back. 
Take 2: about 10 minutes later he brings out a bowl of gumbo and a po'boy. again, we tell him we ordered crab cakes. 
Take 3: about 10 minutes after that we get crab cakes....and our meals a minute later. 
(note how it took over 20 minutes for the appetizer to come out). 
the food was average at best. way overpriced. won't be going here ever again.This place is in my mind one of the best places ive been to, simply because the service was one of the best that ive experienced. If your the type of person who loves gumbo than this is the place to go to.
This place wasn't our original choice as our first choice Café du monde was packed, but I'm glad we came here as the service was excellent. 
My friends and I went with the gumbo, both of my friends went with the chicken and sausage which looked really good. I went with the seafood gumbo which was amazing there was a nice heat to eat and was definitely fillingEasily the weakest meal out that we had in New Orleans over more than a week in town. None of the dishes were memorable or enjoyable at the time, including what I think was a corn and crawfish (?) bisque and a not-impressive muffaletta. Crabcakes and Mushrooms Decater were gritty and the muffaletta was short on meat and fixings. Only ended up here when Central was closed for Sunday - make sure to plan accordingly! Out of all the places to stop and eat, don't bother with this one.Being hungry and seeing long line at Cafe Du Mone, me and the GF decided to try this place out.
I had the French toast and well, I've had better and it was nothing special. She had the Belgian waffle and nothing special about it either. 
For the prices of each, my expectations are a lot higher.
If I had checked Yelp before hand, I would have never come to this restaurant. Though I did use if for my two dinner spots. 
Service was fine, bathrooms were not.
2* (Meh. I've experience better.) On par with I-HopI went here with family because Cafe du Monde's line was too long. It has all normal breakfast items; I got waffles. They were delicious. The waffle is really large, so I gave half to my family. The eggs were also delicious. My brother got French toast and said it tasted great.  Only bad thing is the creepy Louis Armstrong statue in the corner. Otherwise, it was a great meal!I was skeptical because of other reviews, but it was totally fine. We had a nice meal here. Everything was fresh and delicious. The chicken and sausage gumbo was great! My friends didn't really like the jambalaya though. Shrimp po'boy was huge! It was a great casual lunch.A friend and I had lunch here the other day.  She had the seafood gumbo, while I had the chicken and sausage gumbo.  It was ok, but it was missing a depth of flavor I'd expect from gumbo in New Orleans.  The service was attentive and prompt. Actually, it was a little too prompt, almost hovering, perhaps in response to some of these reviews?  At any rate, they were very nice and made some suggestions for places to go and things to do.
Restrooms, by the way, are a bit weird to get to and not as cleaned as I'd have liked.
The location was good and prices were fine.  If you're hungry and walking by, this will do the trick."girls just want to have fun, oh girls just want to have fun!"
Yup, you read that right...that's one of the many songs played at this place. Were in the french quarter!!!! Why would they have this?
On to the food:
Gumbo was slimy
Crab and corn bisque was more like soup then bisque, not thick but very runny.
The waffles were ummm....not very flavorful but the berrys gave it an ok feel.
The bacon was cold and the eggs runny.
I can cook better then this place and when it's right across the street from Cafe Du Monde, then they need to not be a tourist trap but a place with a little quality.
Before traveling out of the country last year, a friend said "only eat where you see it crowded and with locals."
This place is empty and boring with terrible music....I should have remembered his advice.
Oh did I mention they only serve bottled water? I don't want to pay for water!Food was good but service was horrific. Don't waste your time dealing with rude people when there are plenty of great restaurants nearby.Our first morning in New Orleans, we wanted to go for the traditional beignets and coffee breakfast at Cafe du Monde.  Silly us.  So did a thousand other people.  It was a Saturday morning, so we decided to wait to try the Cafe on a weekday instead.  Across the street was The River's Edge, so we opted to go there for breakfast instead.  They had available seating and we liked the open-air atmosphere of the restaurant.  There was a short line to be seated, but we didn't have to wait long.  We were given a great table by the open-air window, next to the Louis Armstrong statue.  Nice!   Unfortunately, that was the best thing we were about to experience.
We ordered our coffee and breakfasts, trying two different specialty New Orleans omelettes.  I could tell immediately that our server was not going to be very good.  When she set down the coffee I knew that that would be the only cup that I would ever get at that restaurant.  Sure enough, I was right.  She never once refilled my coffee mug.  We had to visit a coffee shop after breakfast so I could get my daily caffeine fix.  
The omelettes were okay.  Not fantastic by any means, but they were edible.  Again, though, the service was horrible.  We saw our server once to take our orders, once to bring our limited drinks, once to drop off the food, and once to drop off the check.  That's it.  Just the basics.  And it was slow at that.  No smiles, no "how are you today?", no "thank you," no checking up to make sure that everything's okay, and certainly no coffee refills.  It reflected in her tip.  
Since public restrooms can be a challenge to find in the French Quarter, we decided to use the ones at the restaurant before leaving.  My friend went first, returned, and was gasping for air.  I opted to hold it for as long as I could after that.  
Food?  Average.  Service?  Horrible.  Bathrooms?  Yeesh.so we were walking down the street and non of us could agree on a place to eat. We decided to ask these two police officers where would a good place be. Without a pause they both said "Rivers Edge". So naturally that is where we ended up.....Not quite sure why though. The empty restaurant on Mardi Gras should have been an indicator that we should not have eaten here, while everyone else was packed. But we decided to trust the locals. 
To start off our great experience we had the most awful service, followed by the most awful fried food. Who can you mess up mozzarella sticks??? The marinara tasted of pure tomatoes paste, the fried mushroom caps were slimy. 
Half of the kitchen is in the bathroom hallways. pouring ice into bucket 10ft from where the urinals are. The whole experience was bad I am not even sure where else to go with this. 
It has become a running joke that the police officers were messing with us... This thought was confirmed today when we spoke to our waiter about Rivers Edge, and he made the most disgusted face and then proceeded to tell he used to work there. He would never recommend anyone go there. 
Lesson learned. Do not go to Rivers Edge.Do. Not. Eat. Here. 
With so many great restaurants in the city, this one should really be avoided. The last day of our trip (Sunday) my husband and our two friends decided to make a trip to the historic Café Du Monde for some food before shopping and exploring. Unfortunately the line was quite long and we were all starving!! We saw the River's Edge across the street and only a short line so we thought, what the hey.
When we ordered drinks our waiter informed us that water was only available by the bottle. Okay, weird but whatever. Then we ordered our meal. A whole muffaletta sandwich for the guys to share and my friend and I ordered omelettes - a rajun Cajun for me and a vegetarian for her. When the food arrived our omelettes were switched and when we started looking at them, we realized that hers was not a vegetarian as it had a lot of ham in it. They did remake it and the waiter apologized.
The boys were extremely disappointed in the sandwich. It was supposed to be Italian sausage with olives and peppers. The verdict - a bologna sandwich (actually they said a bologna sandwich would have been better).  Our omelettes were mediocre at best and the hash browns that came were in the same form as those you would get at McDonald's. 
The bill arrived and low and behold, this less than desirable experience had cost us $60 dollars. We all walked out disappointed to have eaten at such a place when the city was bursting with other worthy establishments. Oh, well. Ya win some, ya lose some I guess.I think a 1 or 2 star review is a little harsh, but I was not completely satisfied, either. I went on Mother's Day at about 10:00, and my wait was only about 5 or 10 minutes. My waiter was efficient (but that may have been because I knew what I wanted before I sat down).
One of my absolute favorite breakfast foods is Eggs Benedict, and these were highly disappointing. Perhaps that isn't entirely fair, they merely butchered hollandaise sauce. When it arrived, it looked pretty, but there was not nearly enough hollandaise. When I asked for some more, they brought me a little bowl, so that was nice.
When the ticket came, however, they had a mystery charge on the ticket ($.75), and my waiter didn't know what it was either. It turns out, that small bowl of hollandaise sadness was the source of the charge. I was supposed to rest assured that I am lucky, because they usually charge $3.00 for their attempt at the most important part of my breakfast.
Overall, I would say to come here if you are just in a hurry and want to get something without a lot of hassle.Stopped in here on a rainy day when we were hungry. Should have planned better than to end up here.
The location, overlooking The French Market, is great. Sadly, the service ... sucked.
We were seated pretty quickly, but when our waiter came to our table, his attitude ... sucked. I wasn't familiar with the menu, and asked him if the crawfish pie was good. While most waiters are more than willing to share their opinions on menu items, this guy looked insulted when I asked if it was good and responded rudely.
Being accustomed to good restaurant service, I was flustered at his rudeness and felt that I needed a minute or two to decide. At that point, he sarcastically asked if I needed more time, and when I said that I thought that would be a good idea, he rolled his eyes as he turned his head.
I know he thought I couldn't see the eye roll, but I did. I've never been treated like that in a restaurant and we decided that there are far too many good places to eat in the French Quarter, so ... we left.
After we left I called the restaurant to explain that we walked out without ordering because our waiter was so rude. I'm not sure who answered the phone, but, with an air of defensiveness, she asked me, "what exactly did he do?" I explained that, with so much competition, I have no time for crappy service, so we left. It isn't as if they were crowded on a rainy Thursday afternoon.
Seriously? There are a zillion good places to eat in the Quarter. Whatever you do, don't bother with this one!Came during Mardi Gras 2015 Monday and it was busy but still got a seat quickly. Waiter was good and very friendly. I like this place because they serve breakfast all day even though it's mostly Omelets and a Belgian Waffle. My wife had the Louisiana Omelet and I had scrambled eggs and grits with bacon. We enjoyed it so we came back again on Fat Tuesday. This time she had the Jambalaya Omelet and I had a Bacon Cheddar Omelet both with grits. There grits are really good. They have huge windows for great people viewing. Great location in French Quarter and close to our hotel Bourbon Orleans.Went into this place and then saw the yelp reviews. I was hungover so the food was ok! would I come here again probably not! Friends eggs were underdone. I had the crawfish omelet I felt they just threw it together no creativity. This place is just there for convenienceSo so food. Wasn't impressed with my gumbo, red beans and rice or fried pickles. Its okay if you are looking for a quick meal but much better dining around the quarter.While strolling through the French Quarter one evening, my husband and I decided to eat at the Rivers Edge. It didn't look too busy at the time and we were wanting steak and seafood. OMG as soon as we walked in RUDENESS!! Now remember the place was not at all busy so we asked the host if we could sit by a window overlooking Decatur Street. He rolled his eyes at us and acted offended. He sat us at the table and took our drink order. I had to use the restroom so I asked the waiter were it was and he rudely told me around the corner. On my way to the rest room, I turned the corner and standing right in the middle of the hallway was a huge RAT!!!! It looked at me and let out a screech then ran through a hole in a door leading to the storeroom. I abruptly turn around and almost ran back to my husband. As I was making my way back to my table I observed the waiter carrying to soft drinks to a table and he proceeded to stick his nose in the glasses and sniff the drinks. When I finally reached our table, which was not fast enough for me, I leaned over and told my husband, "Let's Go!"  He asked me why and I told him I would explain outside just lets get out of here. So we walked out. I wanted to scream RAT but didn't want to cause a scene besides I knew nothing would be done my anyone that worked there anyway. They were just so rude and acted like they were bothered by the customers. To this day every time I pass by that restaurant my stomach turns. I can promise you I will never ever return there for any reason.This meal was the worst I had in New Orleans. There are so many options to go to in the French Quarter, save your money and go somewhere worthwhile.Eek is right. I'm not usually one to write a one-star review, but I think that it's important to make sure that people know about our experience, because this place is in a high visibility area right on Jackson Square, right across from Cafe du Monde, and visitors might be lured inside by its location and open concept.
If you look at my review profile, you will see, in fact, that this is my ONLY one-star review.
We visited NOLA in October 2012 and we ate here out of sheer necessity - our 3 year old was throwing an incredible temper tantrum in the street because she was hungry and we could not get to a restaurant fast enough. After enjoying a meal at another restaurant in Jackson Square the day before, we thought things would be reasonable here. Food was not very good, although I must say that our waiter was actually very nice, and the food came quickly. I guess it doesn't take long to prepare bad food... We should have gone back to the places we knew were good!
Their shrimp cocktail tasted like they had thawed some frozen soggy supermarket shrimp in the sink with the dirty dishes. Unacceptable, especially in a town known for its seafood. The crab and shrimp salad consisted of an enormous pile of iceberg lettuce (ugh) with apparently canned shrimp and crab particles sprinkled on it, drenched in gobs of thousand island dressing. It was a meal straight out of "The Simpson's."
While we were definitely not expecting a Michelin 3-star experience here, a little attention to ingredients could make the mundane dishes more interesting. I am sure the rent for this place is sky-high, but if the quality improved even a little bit, the establishment could increase their prices a bit and all  the while increase their occupancy. Sorry guys, but you left a lot to be desired!If I could give no stars I would!!Absolutely worst customer service experience ever. A large group of friends and I decided to go here because Cafe Du Monde was packed (which seems to be a recurring theme). In short the server was rude and this place cannot accommodate large parties. We were a group of 11 and were more than happy to sit at separate tables because there wasn't room to push tables together. To start, the server Aerial was rude and rolled her eyes at every small request. She also got 3 orders of the 5 at one table wrong and when we said they were wrong her only response was, "Well I can add powdered sugar to your waffles" (which were not supose to have whipped cream but did) or she ignored the fact that we told her they were wrong. She also brought an extra order of bacon that no one ordered and told us just to keep it because it was already out. She then charged us for it. Then the fun part was when it came time for the bill. She dropped off one large bill saying, " Well since you're a big group I rang it in all on one ticket" and proceeded to walk away. When she finally came back we asked to split the bill and she said, "Oh we can't." She also said "Well there's an ATM over there". Why should we have to go get cash and do math to pay our bill?!?!?! And why weren't we warned that it would not be possible to split it?!?! What kind of restaurant can't split a bill??? And if you couldn't have split it why didn't she just ring it in by tables to at least make it easier for us to figure out? She then told us we could go up to the bar and her manager was going to split the bill for us. So I went up to the bar and he ignored me for a good ten minutes because he was also the bar tender. When I managed to get his attention he said "Um no I can't do that" and went back to bar tending. The server finally came up to the bar to "help". We were finally so fed up that one of us put it on our card and had to manually go get cash and figure out the math ourselves. Being a customer service professional, I was appalled at this behavior and the fact that this place was so unaccomodating and rude! Also the fact that the "manager" didn't care about anything we said and blew us off when his server sent us to him saying he would help was infuriating. Overall, terrible service and the food tasted good but half of it was wrong! I would not recommend them to any one! I'm convinced the only reason they are in business is because people don't want to wait at Cafe Du Monde.Our omelettes were beyond delicious! Our server, Gabby, was awesome! We will definitely be back here.I can't believe I let my friends talk me into going here.  It was only because we were in a rush.  It had horrible Yelp reviews written all over it -- from it's location across the street from Cafe du Monde to the fact that it was DEAD on a Saturday night in the most touristy part of town.  I really wish I Yelped first and then made them look at the reviews before we went in.
Thankfully our server was very friendly/funny.  That was the saving grace.
I tried to order one dish and substitue red meat for chicken, but they "don't do substitutions" (red flag).  The waiter suggested a pasta dish with chicken, a spicy Creole sauce, tomatoes and scallions.  The sauce was actually pretty good -- very spicy, light and flavorful.  One word about the pasta: BARILLA.  That is a suggestion.  USE BARILLA if you're not going to make your own.  The pasta was TERRIBLE.  And I know I'm picky about pasta because I love it so, but honestly, Spaghettios uses a higher quality pasta than this place.  It was painful.
To top it off, the bathroom is disgusting and you have to walk through a weird, creepy hallway to get there.Walked right in, greeted and seated promptly and had a great experience. The salads were exactly what we were looking for and the muffuletta was a delight! I can't understand all the bad reviews-it was a good lunch and we had no issues.Even at noon on a Saturday, my family was seated immediately (party of 6). We got our drinks in a timely manner, & ordered very soon after. The place was packed, but our food came out very fast. The food was great. Everyone loved the meals they chose. My only complaint was that we had to wait a long time between refills, but that was very likely because the restaurant was so full. Overall, we had a great experience & would love to come back during future stays in NOLA.Prime location next to Jackson Square so I expected more.  We came in for brunch.  The server was pleasant, but not polished, and the service was very slow.  We waited ages for our food to be brought out.  I ordered the french toast, which was decent, but nothing to write home about.  It did not come accompanied by any sides.  I also had an overpriced mimosa that was mostly OJ and in a tiny glass.  Look elsewhere for a good dining experience.I will make this very brief:
Ordered the shrimp and crabmeat salad. First of all, they don't have balsamic dressing. What restaurant doesn't have a basic like that?? 
The salad came out on a bed of shredded white iceberg tasteless lettuce. The crab meat was grey and tasted old. The shrimp (though plentiful) was not deveined (GROSS!) and the dark, dirty veins were very visible. There were many pieces of hard shell throughout the salad (???). The tomatoes were green and tasteless.
I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.We've eaten here a couple of times & have never ha an issue (not like the ones I read in the other folk's reviews).
the food was pretty good (not the best in NOLA, but still pretty yummy).  We've never had to wait for a table, & the service has always been wonderful.  I guess we've been lucky  :o)I'm seeing reports River's Edge has closed?! I was there a year ago and have not been able to forget the INCREDIBLE Muffaletta and red beans and rice I had there. Why would they close?! Please someone tell me this is a lie, I looked forward to visiting again. Any locals know what's going on?Great Blood Mary's, yummy french toast.I thought our half-drunk waiter did a really noble job of trying to keep it together. The seafood gumbo was good. Fried pickles would be impossible to ruin, and indeed they were tasty. Jambalaya was acceptable; the red beans and rice were pretty good. Shrimp creole was gimpy; tasted like canned tomato and the shrimp was overcooked and tasted reheated. Probably would go back to try a po boy.I wish we had read reviews on this place first, because just like many of the other reviewers, we were hot, tired, desperately hungry, and just settled on this place more out of convenience than anything else.  The menu looked decent enough, but the food was just flavorless.  We got crab cakes, which were battered in corn meal, lacked any seasoning, the crust was so thick and hard, the inside was gooey and very little actual crab.  My friends got a muffletta, which we are not sure what the meat was, but they said it tasted like bologna.  They ate like two bites and didn't want anymore. Shrimp po boy, also battered in flavorless cornmeal, was very unimpressive.  Total waste of time and money.  Do not go.I ate here once.  It was okay.  Last night while walking by, casually looked in the windows (place was closed) and saw rats running amuck.  Not sure if this is common for the area but I did feel a little puke in my throat.  If they don't want passer-bys to see the rats maybe they should turn off the kitchen lights at night.  
Sick!Not sure on why the low reviews. But my family and I really enjoyed the seafood gumbo, the po' bos and seafood pasta. I would recommend a special sauce on the po'bos for it was a bit dry but seasoned very well. They do have a New Orleans style cheesecake which is plain cheesecake nothing special about it. Misleading, but other than that we would come back and were seated right away.The worst. The only thing worse than the service was the food. I wish I could give it zero stars.Found myself here after going on the Hop On, Hop Off Bus Tour of New Orleans. It is a nice central location with decent food. I had the Jumbalaya, not too spicy and had big chunks of sausage, could've done without the veggies on the side...My dad had the Muffalata, which he enjoyed. 
Was kind of turned off when I saw a bird flying around the restaurant and when I looked at a waitress with a discerned look, she just said that "he was a regular". & I wouldn't recommend using the restrooms.Very sad to say that we fell into the trap. We were hungry. Hot. Tired. The place we found on Yelp to eat turned out to be a place we had been last year, just renamed. We needed something new. Well... This place looks busy and is in a great location. Shrimp is all my partner wanted, so there we go. 
Holy crap. 
Loud. Rude waiter. Expensive garbage-slop on a plate. Worthless drink selection. 
My po boy? Giant sausage links from the supermarket cut in half and placed cold onto a piece of French bread so large I couldn't fit my mouth around it plus three pickle slices from a jar and about .5 ounces of lettuce. Oh, and the tomatoes which I requested be left off. French fries so devoid of flavor that it might as well have been lightly fried paper. 
My partner's meal was no better. She said it best - "Well, I was able to chew and swallow it." 
$41 for the worst meal I've had in years. For shame, you horrible, horrible restaurant.My parents and I thought we would go someplace that was close, and thought something right on Jackson Square would most likely be good.  
Wow this was really the worst meal I have had since I can't remember when. 
I ordered the po boy and it was so gross and gloppy. I had to actually spit it out after I gagged on it. I left the other half and had to take most of the meat out of the other half. 
My mom had gumbo and said it was ok, my dad had a hot muffaletta and that he said was kind of ok. 
There were some other people there. No lines but we would not go here again and none of us would recommend this restaurant to others.I have been meaning to write this review since my trip a couple of weeks ago to New Orleans. Thinking about the experience really grinds my gears...
So my group of four wanted a quick saturday brunch and mimosas. The food was actually pretty decent and we had a good time. We returned the next day with our entire group in tow because we needed food fast and as tourists, didn't feel like searching for another spot that might not be as good and unable to accommodate our large group (total of 17). Our group was split up, which was fine, pretty huge party size. Again, the food was decent, but it was breakfast so you really can't mess it up. Where the two stars comes in is the service on the second day! Holy crap it was bad! The server at our particular table of 6 was very rush rush. As people were still eating he dropped off the check. He came back to the table FOUR times looking for the check. Each time he grabbed the book we would say we're not ready yet. On his last return we were actually in the process of splitting up the bill and he stood there over our shoulders as we counted our money. Umm, RUDE. I had to literally tell him to leave, we're not ready yet and not to come back! We'll let you know when we're finished. "Do you understand the words that are coming outta my mouth?!" Now I'm feeling rushed and angry that I invited my family back to this tacky place. So I asked for a "manager," which was really just a dude with a title... I'm sure of it. Explained the situation to him and his response "oh, yeah, I think he's just ready to leave"....          OH-HELL-TO-THE-NO! What kind of response is that?! Who cares if he's ready to leave! Thats not my problem if I'm still eating. Tough S*%$! If that was the case he could have politely asked us to close out as he was near the end of his shift but invite us to stay longer if we weren't ready to leave. That's how its done! Instead he got the bright idea to stand over our shoulders awkwardly and to keep picking up the check that we never asked for in the first place. I can deal with an idiot server but an idiot manager who condones that behavior is unacceptable.
I would have given this place only one star but figured that would be petty of me since I actually did enjoy the food and had a good experience the FIRST day. However, River's Edge really needs to get their ish together. You've been warned...Don't know if we got lucky, but we liked this restaurant. Came in for a late lunch around 1:00 pm. The restaurant was packed so we waited at the door. In a matter of seconds, a server came up carrying a tray of food and said she would be right with us. After about a minute, another server came and said she would be right back to seat us. Two servers in a matter of minutes acknowledging our presence in the middle of lunch rush is impressive. Our server was friendly and helpful with the menu. Our food came within fifteen minutes. I ordered the Crab Fingers - I have never seen these on a menu before and absolutely loved the fried fingers! We also had the Oyster Po Boy and the Sampler Platter with Gumbo, Jambalaya, Shrimp Creole, Red Beans and Rice and Bread Pudding. The food was good and the service was quick and friendly. Although the building is old (the historic Pontalba Bldg.), the atmosphere is vibrant and fun.The only reason this place stays in business is because of it's location across from Cafe du Monde.  I ordered the eggs benedict and they were not edible.  How do you screw up a poached egg?  I almost never complain or send food back but this was so bad I had no choice.   The service is bad, the food is awful and they are just capitalizing on their location.  Do not eat here.Dirty. Food is forgettable. Service was meh. Don't waste time or money here...No. Never, ever, ever again. It's right across from Cafe du Monde which is a major tourist attraction and is in the quarter. The wait wasn't too long but the service wasn't awful but it definitely was below average. Our waitress wasn't rude or surly but just so unhappy and bland, like ordering from a robot. 
I ordered a muffuletta, one of the few New Orelans food items I hadn't eaten, after eating it here I was torn: I wanted to think there were places that made it better and should give it another shot, but also I thought it was a lousy sandwich that doesn't deserve a second glance. My friend wanted breakfast and ordered some sort of cajuny omeltte or something, it came out flat and greasy. We were friends from Basic training and that's what it reminded me of, a basic training omelette, right down to the lousy grits. I could've made a better one that that. The spinach dip appetizer came after our main course and was so bland, again like something you'd buy and microwave up. 
I should have looked this place up first on Yelp, and it came back to bite me in the butt.Tourist trap that I used to count on for safe dishes with unadventurous guests, but lately even the standbys have suffered in quality (undercooked, inconsistently seasoned).  They earn a star just for the people-watching location, though.Positive: You can get in without waiting for brunch on Sunday. That's about it. 
Negative: They only serve bottled water, no tap. Greasy, overpriced food. Lousy service. This is the reason we wish we owned an iPhone with a Yelp application. We could have looked this place up before we made the mistake of walking in here. 
Overall: There's a reason it's so easy to get in here on Sundays. What an awful dining experience.You could probably get better food and sevice in the county jail.  Really bad.  The waiter was abrupt and slow, and when I asked him to please bring the toast that came with my omelette and some butter for my grits he audibly sighed....very loudly.  Jeez.  Sorry to put you out, dude.  Then, when he finally brought the toast, it was stale and cold.  My dining mate order a hamburger, and it came on two bun tops.  Wonder who got the two bun bottoms.  Want your drinks refilled?  Don't count on it.  Not even if you were choking to death.  Honestly, the only thing going for this place is the people-watching on Jackson Square while looking out the windows...but you could do that for free.If I could give a place negative stars, this place would deserve it (obviously other people feel the same way). This place only gets business from people that don't want to wait for Cafe Du Monde but are extremely hungry. The waitstaff was extremely (and skillfully) unattentive. They were out of cereal but waiting for a shipment. Um, whatever that means. I would NEVER eat here again and I highly suggest against it.OK bar service, but maitre'd was a jerk. Pass.I wish we would have read the reviews prior to having breakfast here. Actually we saw how packed Cafe du Monde was and we wanted a bit to eat for breakfast. I ordered the over priced belgian waffle and it was nothing special. I could have made it myself at a hotel that offered a contenintal breakfast. My friend had eggs benedict and she said they were not good. The eggs were over cooked and the hollandaise sauce was awful. It was an egg mcmuffin with sauce. As far as the service it was soso, not good since there were only a few tables but someone did bring our food to the table.Stale beer , taste less food and Soggy onion rings and French fries... Worst... I saw a few tables return food and so did we...I am a frequent traveler to the French Quarter and have often walked by this place, but never stopped. I should have kept walking. I started with the Decatur Mushroom and they were the best thing I had. Crunchy panko breadcrumbs and not too greasy despite being deep fried. The remoulade was decent, but nothing to write home about. I got the Rivers Edge sampler which was gumbo, jambalaya, red brand and rice, and shrimp creole. None of it was exceptional and some of it was down right disappointing. The shrimp creole was poorly cleaned small shrimp on rice and drown with canned tomato sauce. It didn't even seem to be seasoned at all, and certainly wasn't warm. The red beans and rice were decent, as was the gumbo - but I've had much better locally for a lot less the jambalaya was a decent portion but it was way over seasoned with bay leaf and literally had 3 pieces of  sausage in the cup and a half portion. With the sample came a bread pudding that was a compressed hunk of dense goo with raisins in it and drown in a broken rum sauce. What this place has going for it is the location. Being right on Jackson Square, it will pull people in. Hopefully this review will encourage you to walk a few more blocks to find better quality food at a more reasonable price.We ate here because it was pouring rain and we wanted to eat close by to where we were walking. My hubby had ribs and I had seafood gumbo.  He said his ribs were okay, but certainly not tender like they should have been.  My gumbo was probably the best I had had - maybe it's just that I'm not a fan of what's traditional or maybe that's the only great thing here... either way I was pleased and hubby did finish his ribs, so they weren't tough - just not as tender as he wanted.I used to visit NOLA once a year (every few years lately). The dinner was horrible-- maybe brunch is betterI know better than to eat in a high-volume spot like this in Jackson Square, but I think I let the fact that it's in one of the most photographed buildings in New Orleans sway me.  
We were hungry and it was right there with hardly anyone in it, so we went for it.  Initially, the service was quick.  The drinks came quickly.  The food came quickly.  And then our server disappeared.  No refills on drinks.  No opportunity to ask for French bread, so we asked another waiter after explaining that we couldn't find our girl.  He explained that there'd be a $2.50 surcharge for the bread.  Turns out, it was more like Italian bread, and it wasn't warm or good.  When our waitress came back, she said she wasn't suprised because they do things backward all the time in New Orleans.  WTF?
Needless to say, my friend barely ate her New Orleans Pasta, which tasted like Chef Boyardee.  My Louisiana Pasta was a bit better, but still kind of tasted processed.  The andouille was very low grade and fatty.  The crawfish were fine, though.  The pasta in both our dishes was way too mushy.  Overcooked.  $15 for a bowl of that was nowhere near worth it.
If all you care about is huge portions, then you'd like this place.  But if you care about taste, value and service, then do not go to River's Edge.Service took forever. All 5 meals were bad, two were cold. Shrimp wasn't cleaned properly.The service was good, the portions were large, and the location was great; right next to the French market and in view of the interesting street artists on Jackson square. The food was a little pricey but was overall a good place.Wow...people can be so mean. And picky! You really shouldn't give a place one star because of a lack of vegetarian options. Would you give Ruth's Chris Steakhouse one star because of the menu? Seriously.
I actually liked this place. Sure, it's not some hole-in-the-wall local place that's cool because of its quirkiness or local appeal or whatever - it's kind of big and maybe a has a bit of a chain restaurant feel. Horrors! But the food was good! The waiter was very polite and attentive. I had red beans and rice...excellent. My husband and son had some weird Cajun omelets (jambalaya for hubby, seafood for son). I'm not a big breakfast fan, but they really liked them. And breakfast is served all day, which is what lured the hubby in. 
Two more things about previous reviews: one, hubby ordered water and got a glass of water. FREE.  Two: the bathrooms are indeed a bit Spartan and down a really creepy hallway.  I didn't take any stars off for that - it's an old building, cut them some slack. There wasn't even indoor plumbing when it was built!liked it!  Lil blue had the "best catfish ever!" with fries.  Hubby was fine with his french toast.  I had red beans and rice.  I wanted the side option $5.95, but my bad they brought the entree version $10.99 with a big ole sausage right on top of the plate.  I don't eat meat and it was too spicy for hubby.  I liked the beans and rice but had to waste that gorgeous huge peice of sausage due to my own mistake.
Try it - we had a good meal.  Unfortunately the place is a bit dirty.  Wouldn't hurt to clean up.....I've read bad review about River's Edge, but I have eaten here twice, a year and a half apart. I don't know about the rest of their food, but I do know they make a fabulous crawfish pie. All the food that went by on trays looked good, too. The only reason I am only giving 3 stars is because I've only eaten one thing on the menu. But that one thing is worth 5 stars!There are a lot of bad reviews. Yet, what seems to be the most common case, my friend and I were going to Jackson Square, and had planned on going to Cafe Du Monde, but realized it was busy and figured we'd try this place. We were sat immediately, and received drinks in a timely manner as well. The food was amazing, I ordered a Jambalaya Omelette and "Oh My!" It was like a jambalaya and a creole mixed together. The rice and sausage inside the omelette were perfect within the fold of the egg with shrimp mixed into the eggs themselves, topped with a wonderful creole sauce. My friend ordered the French Toast, and they were basically big pieces of St. Charles Crouton bread. But they were done right with the right texture. Aside from not really getting much attention from the server the food was great and I would definitely be back to try something new.The service was good...nothing to complain about. Food was okay also. We tried the seafood platter and the crab cakes. It was too much batter. But saw the couple dining next to us having shrimp Po boy ... It looked good. THe waiters were pleasant and checked up on us from time to time.  It was a pleasant lunch. Out :)I would suggest skipping .. Food had no flavor .. Would rather have McDonald's.. Very priceyEste lugar está más sucio que una letrina. Desde qué entramos olía a grasa y los camareros tenían una cara de amarga miento insoportable. Me sirvieron un café con el vaso sucio. Pague y me fui. Asqueroso!!!!!!
Horrible place. Only surviving because of location. Bad service. Dirty utensils and plates. Dirty tables and kitchen. Avoid at all costs! Have one star because we can't give zero.This place has the BEST Bloody Mary in NOLA!!! The bar tender is a very unhappy lady but who cares. They make their own mix, add pickled okra, green beans, olives and limes. I went back everyday!! They are phenomenal!!! 
I would not suggest going to the restroom here...it is not clean and located in the ally. 
I did not have anything to eat.Found this place by accident as Stanley's was way too crowded.  Went to the opposite corner and got right into River's Edge.  We ended up going back two more times.  First time for breakfast, I had the Louisiana Omelet with crawfish and the hubby had the Jambalaya omelet.  There was crawfish in every single bite of my omelet!  Hubby devoured his omelet almost as quick as I did mine.  Second time was for dinner.  I had the Shrimp and Crab Salad.... HUGE!  I took some back to our B&B for a snack the next day.  Hubby had the Chicken Caesar.  Good size portion also.  Third time for breakfast again but can't recall what we had on the final visit.  Loved our servers on all three visits.  Randy - you da man!!!!  Ridley - he looks really punky but is a really nice guy.  Give it a try, you'll like it.