First time at Rizzuto's, enjoyed having a drink at the bar, had reservations and was maybe 20 minutes late but that was ok, the atmosphere is fun and friendly!
Oyster appetizer was very good, mushroom appetizer was also very good. Steaks, ok, definitely not outstanding but price WOW too much!!! The Italian dishes were excellent and  very hearty portions and reasonably priced, in the $20-28 range.
I recommend staying with Italian dishes, good choice for the money and definitely taste delicious!
We had a great evening, service was wonderful and no one rushed us at any time, 
The only reason not 4 stars was we've definitely had better steaks and too pricey!
We will go back!This Italian Chop House really hits the bar!!! I've never ate anything in here I didn't like. Also, the bartender got there stuff together as well!!! You will not be disappointed in this restaurant! If you like veal chops I suggest you try the "Bone-N Veal Chop" really GREAT PLACE!Fabulous dining experience!!! The food was superb! I had the mushrooms stuffed with crabmeat and the strip steak...perfect .  The seasoning on the steak was the best I've ever had! I tasted some pasta with marinara and the sauce exceeded my expectations...no bitterness and just a light touch of sweetness .  Can't wait to taste everything on the menu so lots of visits to Rizzuto's in my future .  Also, the service was excellent!Everything was delicious! My husband and I started off with the brisket salad. I had the stuffed lobster, which was PHENOMENAL!!! He had the short rib stuffed pasta which was also incredible!!! We ended our meal with some vanilla espresso gelato! We can't wait to go back!You can't order bad. We loved every bite. Order the Marsala. And u have to have the rollatini. There's nothing you won't love. Service is awesome and the owners will make sure you're enjoying your experience and every bite. Will def come back!Great new Lakeview Restaurant!!
The food is delicious, and the new dinning room looks great. They even kept the side special rooms for small group parties. Can't wait to come back.went there for my birthday dinner...it didn't disappoint...love the food there...I would recommend this place to everyone to try out....Went here Saturday night for a birthday dinner and we had such a great time! We got here early to get some drinks at the bar and the bartender was nice and more importantly made some pretty good drinks! The hostess was very attentive as well as our server .. literally everyone was super friendly and just made our night fun and entertaining. My favorite dishes were the cheese/meat plate, the scallop salad, the Brussel sprouts, the piccata, and bone in ribeye! My favorite sides were the truffle fries and the sweet potato! We'll definitely be back!This place rocks!
Great Italian dishes with arguably the finest PRIME STEAKS in town.
Food was spot on, service was friendly and inviting our dining experience was excellent. 
I highly recommend this restaurant and their steak.Dry aged bone in ribeye was one of the best in town, nothing comes close in Metairie.Rizzuttos has a warm friendly atmosphere with great Italian food and steaks. The owner Phil personally greets his guests making sure you are enjoying your food and service. His dad is checking guests as they enter and over at the bar in true Italian style. I judge an Italian restaurant by the meatballs and Rizzutos is the real deal. We also had calamari fresh and perfectly fried tossed in a honey infused sauce with a hint of lemon and just the right amount of heat. The chopped salad was cold crisp and so delicious. Our steaks were perfect medium rare, tender and rich in flavor. Our waiter was skilled and the food timed perfectly. The prices are reasonable given the superior quality of the food. The clientele is local and friendly including a couple of politicians. The atmosphere is perfect for date night, family night, or just out for a great meal with friends. Absolutely my go to Italian and steak restaurant.I came here last night for my best friends birthday!  We started with the eggplant rollatini!  The best I had ever had.  Came out hot and fresh from the oven.  The red gravy was spot on.  The ricotta was delightful and a perfect match.  We split a cesar salad.  Perfectly dressed and then got the veal piccata.  The portions were huge and we licked the plate.  I can't wait to go back.  Service was good.Awesome food, servers,  & atmosphere!!!
Great fine dining adventure. We eat in the wine cellar private room. Very elegant and private.Hostesses not accommodating to the customers. No waiting area. Expected to wait for whole party to show without seating provided. Reservations set without explanation of full party attendance policy.  We had handicapped family members without a place to sit. Overall, not handicap accessible and poor hospitality for first time patrons who are New Orleans natives. Owner was within ear shot and did not provide assistance. Waitress and her assistant were excellent. They kept us from walking out.The food was incredible. The service is outstanding. We did not have a reservation and they were able to seat us right away even with a full dining room.Really good food and very upscale environment. Love the remodels since the old restaurant. Was a little pricey and I'm not feeling like I HAVE to go back so that's why 4 stars but no probs!It is in the old Tony Angelo location in Lakeview.  I heard many good things about the restaurant so we decided to try it with some friends.  Our table ordered the pasta dishes and everyone was really good.  The veal dishes were homerooms and our waiter suggested the wine pairings which were excellent.  Great dinner spot.AMAZING steak. great drinks. awesome pasta. tastes like grandma's. definitely a new go to for steaks and italian.Nicely redecorated. Ordered Veal Parmigiana. Very dark. told waiter it looked burnt. His response, "It's crispy." DRY. I truly believe the veal was cooked PREVIOUSLY, sauce added, and just reheated. The ther diner ordered Chicken Francesca. More like the size of quail pieces hidden in gravy and potatoes. Waiter wasn't very enthusiastic. Bus boy was more congenial.  Tried to seat us next to the wait station-- noisy. We asked to be moved and they accommodated the request. We ordered a certain wine, and when the check came, we noticed it wasn't the brand we ordered, and was $1.00 higher price. We weren't told of the change, which is concerning. Overall, not much improvement from when Tony Angelo's was failing. Although the owner was present, he seemed only to cater to "certain" tables--not asking how each table was being treated.I would give this place 10 stars if possible. Ambiance and service were 2nd to none. Food was excellent! Large portions but that just means we have lunch tomorrow already made. Will definitely be back!I ate here with my parents after driving from SC to New Orleans.  We arrived about 30 minutes early so did not get seated until near the time of our reservation (which is understandable).  They were very busy (this was 8:30 on a Saturday night), so service was VERY slow.  I think we got our main entrees around 9:30 pm.  The food was great though.  For a starter, I had the wedge salad which honestly was enough for 2-3 people.  Everybody in our party enjoyed our food.
The one notable thing was that at the end of our meal, our server profusely apologized for the slow service that night, and he offered to bring everyone at our table a complimentary glass of wine to compensate.  So that was a very much appreciated gesture.The food was excellent, from the drinks, Lakeview Lemonade, to the appetizers of stuffed mushrooms to the entree of chicken Marsala, the creamed spinach was great but the sweet potatoes were superb! Dessert was double chocolate cheesecake! A feast was had by all! The service was great also, very nice that the owners were there Che king on everything! Oh, the hot homemade bread is awesome too!!!From the moment we walked into the door we were greeted, enthusiastically, and it didn't end there. That was just the beginning to a wonderful Mother's Day as the bottomless mimosas kept
flowing!! The food was delicious and there were sooo many options for brunch. The eggplant rollitini was to die for, it's a must!!  Also, the service was exceptional and I'll definitely be back soon.For birthday meal #2 I chose Rizzuto's because I had heard good things about the place and famed Tony Angelo's had been here and I was a bit curious with what changes they had made to the inside.
I made reservations on Open Table and we were seated as soon as we arrived. We were seated in a small, back room with some pretty noisy people, but I understand that it's a festive time of year, so I just let it go. I had heard how rich the food was, so we decided to skip appetizers and go right for the main course.
I got the tortellacci, which was stuffed with short ribs and topped with  marinara, pecorino romano with pork & red gravy. It was quite tasty. I had never had an Italian dish with rib meat included, and I really enjoyed it. What I heard was right: the dish was really rich. I had no complaints and I would order this again. David had the lobster fra diavolo which looked AMAZING. This was a huge portion of pasta and David thought that it was really good.
As for the not so great: we were brought bread and olive oil, which we enjoyed, but I thought it was odd that it was dropped on our table about 2 minutes before we got our entrees. Maybe this is policy and they want to make sure you are actually ordering food before they give you bread, I'm not sure. Also, right before we got our food they dimmed the lights and I just don't like eating in the near-dark.
Since it was my birthday dinner, we ordered the cheesecake, which was great. It wasn't too sweet, in fact it was almost more savory than sweet, and we really enjoyed it. 
It kind of bothered me that they didn't put a candle on my dessert plate or even wish me "Happy Birthday", especially since I made a note of it on Open Table when I made my reservation. Right now you might be rolling your eyes or saying "give me a break, princess", and I get that, but it would have been nice to hear a mention of it. I don't need a song and dance, just a little acknowledgement. It's not a big earth-shattering deal, but worth a mentioning for anyone else planning a celebration here.
All in all the atmosphere of the place was great, the food was good and our waitress was on top of everything. If I go back, I'll request a table in the main dining room and not the small back room and I wouldn't go for another celebration-type event.This is my favorite place to go with my girls from work. The Veal Rizzuto is amazing, with the blueberry cheese cake ice cream for dessert.Not Disappointed
First time visit to the former location of Tony Angelo's and it was not a disappointment. I ordered EGGPLANT VALENTINA and BRISKET SALAD. Both of which were delightfully satisfying replacements for the former similar items of Angelo's. I was particularly impressed with the wait staff that was courteous, checking on tables after being seated to see how things were going and if I needed anything. I did like the sauce that the served as well.Probably the most fun date night I've had in a long time. The atmosphere was so welcoming and the service was top notch. Most importantly, the food was to-die-for!!
I've never had more anxiety trying to narrow down the AMAZING food options on a menu like I had at Rizzutos! I can't wait to go back and and try everything on the menu!
BTW the portion items of the appetizers are huge you can definitely share them or make it a meal! 
I can't find anything negative about this restaurant. Well done!When you walk in to the restaurant it has a very classy feel.  The hostess had a warm smile on her face and welcomed us as if we were family.  We decided to sit at the bar and again were welcomed by the staff.  Chris at the bar was extremely knowledgeable and immediately got us acclimated with the menu as this was our first time visiting the restaurant.  He suggested two great appetizers and walked us through the bottle wine selection and our dinner was off to a titillating start.  We decided to drink a couple of cocktails while we waited on the wine and again the craft cocktails Chris made were on point, as we made conversation, out comes the meatballs and crab mushrooms.  WOW, is all I can say about the portions and tastiness of the first round of food, we were drifting along on a beautiful dinner experience and we were elated.  The Caesar salad with white anchovies was the next stop along with the bottle of  Quintessa we ordered, the entire time we felt like we were eating with family, the conversation was fantastic, the food was unquestionably on point, nd we made our way to the next round.
We made our way to the dinner portion of our meal and it was a pure winner, Veal chop with jumbo lump crabmeat cooked perfectly medium rare and homemade bruciuloni.  We had such a great evening at Rizzuto's we decided to top it off with two glasses of  Louis XIII.  Thank you to everyone for making our first experience an amazing one, we will be back very soon!!!Great food!! Can't beat it. Terrific atmosphere!! Just wish the bar was more welcoming to guests after 10:09.The hubs and I had dinner at Rizzutos with another couple last night and it was fantastic!
We made a reservation - which I highly recommend because it was a packed house - and when we arrived we were greeted and seated right away.  The dining room is beautifully decorated from the gold leaf light fixtures to the dining chairs. Very well done. 
The wait staff was very attentive, but was not in our way or overbearing.  Our waitress and her assistant made sure that we had everything we needed, and was very complimentary about the owners and the rest of the staff. Impressive.
We started our meal with the Eggplant Valentina and stuffed mushrooms. Both turned out to be great choices. The mushrooms were huge and full of crabmeat stuffing. They came to the table right from the oven. The Eggplant Valentina was perfection on a plate. I always loved Tony Angelos' Eggplant Tina, and this dish is very similar and certainly didn't disappoint. 
For my entree, I went with the eggplant Parmesan and my partner in food and all things life had the veal Marsala. Both were excellent. My eggplant was perfectly cooked and the red sauce was delicious!! My husband's veal was tender and so flavorful and the Marsala sauce was spot on. 
I have to make note of Rizzutos marinara, because, as a Sicilian I'm kind of biased thanks to my Memaw, God rest her red gravy cooking soul. You couldn't visit her home without finding a pot of red gravy cooking on the stove. Seriously. Rizzutos' red gravy is AMAZING!! I felt like I was back in my Memaw's kitchen. It's hard to find a really good red gravy, but this is definitely an A list creation. 
For dessert we shared the affogoto, The vanilla flavor of the gelato was very good, but it wasn't very creamy. Don't misunderstand, I liked it, I just expected a creamier texture. 
I am so happy we finally made it to Rizzutos. We had a wonderful experience and will be back again and again. Salute Rizzutos!The dry aged ribeye may have been one of the best steaks I have ever had,  will be sure to visit this establishment again. We also had an eggplant appetizer that was amazing. Would certainly recommend.Food was very good and the staff was very friendly. Italian bread on the table when we sat was delicious. We started with Charcuterie. It was good, although the cheese to meat ratio was definitely off and way too many crackers. They had a special of Alaskan King Crab Legs, which were absolutely delicious! Even came cracked opened for you:) My husband had their Tortellacci. Which is homemade tortellini stuffed with short ribs in a pork and red gravy. It was so yummy, i totally wanted to steal my husband's plate! Next time in the area, will definitely go back:)Always a great meal and excellent service. More than one person takes care of us and service is awesome. We can take as long as we want or let the stuff know if we are in a hurry. Food is consistently delicious. Steaks are cooked to perfection. Sometimes we go for Italian which is good too. The negative review surprised me.Was one of the best dining experiences we have had in awhile. We were a party of five for my husband's birthday. The wait staff was very attentive. My husband asked if they had the soft shell crab on the menu, the waiter said I'm sorry but we don't. One of the wait staff heard him asking, next thing we know, the chef is coming to the table. Chef Frank told my husband we can do that for you. It was totally delicious, had artichoke ,mushrooms, tomatoes and cheese on top. Our whole dining experience was truly awesome. Thank you team Rizzuto's for making my husband's birthday one to remember! We will definitely be back!We waited a few weeks before trying this place in the former home of our beloved Tony Angelo's.  They are still working out some kinks in the kitchen.  The service was top notch and the food was good so we'll definitely return.  We ordered the meatball app and while it was delicious it was room temp when it arrived and not nearly as hot as it should have been.  Clearly had been sitting out a while.  I ordered the Tortellacci and it was superb.  Dining partner had the Tomahawk Porkchop. They need to work on that one. It was way undercooked.  For that particular cut it was simply too thick for whatever their cooking method is, or simply needs to be in the oven longer after searing.  The chopped salad was  really good.  We'll definitely be back.Excellent restaurant. My husband and I celebrated our 38th anniversary there on June 15th. Matthew was our waiter, food was awesome, excellent service, and attention to detail was to the max. Would recommend this for anyone looking for a great place to eat.Just finished another great dinner at Rizzutos. First, this restaurant is easy. Easy reservation, parking, and friendly wait staff. You can dress up or wear scrubs. No big deal. Second, the food is delicious! We had the eggplant app, veal rizutto, and the special "ribeye cap." My husband is a filet guy so he was hesitant but intrigued by the waiter's suggestion. He absolutely LOVED the ribeye cap. He said it had lots of flavor and wasn't chewy. My veal was really good too, and we had the mushrooms as a side.  We're definitely going back!I recently came here with a group of friends. 6 total.  On three separate occasions.  Each time I over ate and was miserable because I cant stop.  The food is that good!  I haven't had a bad meal yet!   A big plus is my girlfriend is a close personal friend with the owner and the already warm and easy atmosphere here is multiplied by 100 when Phil comes around to catch up on recent events.   All his staff seem to work together well and are very familiar with the menu items.
Best things I have had so far...
Wedge salad
The meatballs
Chicken Marsala
Lasagna
The meat egg roll dish.  That is the bomb!!!   They make a nice Pimms Cup to the liking of my sweetheart and the other cocktails that the group had was good and strong.  I am looking forward to my next visit and trying something new.Incredible experience!  From the moment I walked around the gorgeous exterior on a corner lot in a lovely neighborhood I knew this would be unique and memorable.  I opened the door to smiles and the aroma of something amazing cooking.  The ambiance was low lit modern, decor in the bar and an old school Italian Family feel in the main dining room.  The cocktails are generously poured and the food..  The food is lights out.  Eggplant Valentina tastes like a homemade lasagna but with eggplant.  The chopped salad was hearty and Italian inspired with numerous flavors.  And after a long time looking at the menu I settled on the Pasta Tortellacci whic featured house-made stuffed pasta with chanti-braised short ribs, pork, marinara.  I had to make myself stop eating.  You must experience Rizzutos and this fine dining.We were going to go to Vincent's for my birthday dinner, after being told we couldn't make a reservation a few days before and a two hour wait time when we walked in, we decided to go here instead and I am so thankful!!!!
The food was INCREDIBLE. 
We ordered the chop salad and stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer, it was so delicious. My boyfriend ordered the pork chop and Brussels sprouts. He said the pork chop was perfectly cooked on the inside with an awesome crispy skin on the outside. The Brussels sprouts were so good I had to keep stealing bites. 
I had the Shrimp Fra Diavolo which was perfectly spicy and flavorful. Not too much heat, enough for flavor that you could enjoy. 
Our service was great, all the staff members were incredibly helpful and attentive. 
I would say this was some of the best food we've had in New Orleans and we will most definitely be back. 
They've got a good thing going here!Went into Rizzuto's with high expectations as a return to this establishment will always make me think of the former restaurant.  Well after the visit last night I till start to think of this only as Rizzuto's ! 
We arrived and the place looked amazing the building was transformed into a place people will want to go to start new traditions.  
Started with a few dishes, the Eggplant Valentina and the homemade meatballs served with ricotta.  The Eggplant was amazing I could have had another one of them.
We than had the Caprese Salad which had an great balsamic reduction which made the flavors pop !
For our main dishes we did it family style, which I still think is the best way to do it.
First dish we had was the 16 oz strip which was cooked perfectly mid rare.  It was cooked perfectly and the crust on it was done just the way it was meant to be.
The second dish we had was the Chicken Piccata which was served with a lemon caper sauce, and served with pasta aglioli.  I would have kept this dish for myself : ) 
The last dish we had was a retake on a classic the crab pasta which whole crabs were  simmered in san marzano tomatoes  finished with jumbo lump crab meat and tossed with fresh fettuccine pasta.
Sadly we were full and did not get to sample any desserts which means another visit is in my future !We decided to try Rizzuto's after reading
G all of the great reviews and the reviews were correct, this is a great italian restaurant with some of the best Italian cuisine in NOLA. 
We ordered the eggplant appetizer and my wife said it was the best eggplant she has ever eaten. We also had the Crab Stuffed Mushrooms. OMG, drop dead delicious. So much crab. I ordered the Tomahawk Pork Chop. You can't go to Rizzuto's and not order this. Absolutely amazing. My wife said the Veal Parmesan was better than any Italian restaurant in New Orleans. We shared the beet salad that was just excellent and a Cannoli so authentic we thought we were back in Sicily. 
The owner checked our table twice, the waiter was really on top of his game and the busboy was very attentive. 
We are going back next month with my parents and cannot wait.Excellent!! The beets salad was to die for. I love this place, it never disappoints. Bring  back the Lakeview Lemonade please and improve the desert menu.I came in tonight April 7, to celebrate my graduation. my waiter was a man with a very thick accent. He was absolutely wonderful. He kept us talking & made us feel right at home. He was very wonderful, he kept us laughing and talking through out dinner, he kept an eye on the table to make sure we did not need anything and he could tell as soon as we did. There was a younger girl with blond hair who was helping him out who was just so sweet. The staff is wonderful & the food is great. My steak was cooked to perfection. The appetizers were outstanding. The crawfish and corn bisque was great. They gave out very big portions of the soup, which was so delicious we all got a taste at the table. The atmosphere was awesome. The owner or manager, who ever he might be, kept coming to check on us & make sure things were going great. The dinning room was classy & had such beautiful decorations. This was such a delightful experience. I had never gone before but will definitely be returning. I would give this establishment 10 stars if I could. Wonderful people and food.This place makes me believe in Brunches done right. 
Me and the lady came here during brunch hours due to me winning a gift certificate at a golf tournament hosted by the Westbank Italian association. Anyway, lets get on to the food shall we?
Never had to worry about service as every need was taken care of, and my friends, that sazerac was everything it should be! Had to get me two. Now their Sunday brunch menu is buffet style and trust me, you will not be disappointed. The eggs, the bacon, those biscuits! As far as breakfast fare, it was just right. The real shinning part of this buffet was the Italian inspired dishes. The meatballs were on point, the stuffed eggplant was superb, and the chicken cacciatore was delightful. The added touch of a crepe, omelet, and sirloin station was the icing on the cake. 
The meal was great! The bottomless mimosas were everything you want. I can not wait to try out the dinner menu!I had a great experience at Rizzuto's.  I had the Spinalis steak which was a dream.  I've never had anything quite like it.  The environment is warm and friendly, as if you are part of the family! I highly recommend for a celebration or a family get together!Met my parents, sister and her family in New Orleans.  My dad planned this fabulous dinner for us.  The food, ambiance and staff were great.  We ordered several appetizers and the meatball was everyones favorite.  I ordered Linguine with Clams and it was delicious.  My nephew had the oysters, we all split a steak which the staff graciously cut up into bite size pieces for us all to taste and it was fabulous!  My dad had the rigatoni with the bolognese sauce.  Mr. Rizzuto visited with us too.  Fyi, we ate in the Dean Martin Room, next to the Frank Sinatra Room.Have not been here since it was Tony Angelo's  -  will not be going back for a while.  The place has been nicely redone, the food was hit and miss and the service was awful.Wonderful food, great service. Ask about the bread pudding which is not on their menu for some reason but it's the best bread pudding I've ever had. 
FYI, this is NOT a jeans and sneakers kind of place. You don't have to be bougie but dress like you would if you were going to church.Ate there last night.  Not since my last visit to Mosca's can I say I truly tasted the Italian dishes I grew up eating.  The food was just expertly prepared.  So much flavor, so fresh, perfectly seasoned, and fast.  Even the olive oil was amazing.  Home made pasta, bread and sweets were to die for.  I really felt my Nana was in the kitchen cooking...:)The food was excellent, from the drinks, Lakeview Lemonade, to the appetizers of stuffed mushrooms to the entree of chicken Marsala, the creamed spinach was great but the sweet potatoes were superb! Dessert was double chocolate cheesecake! A feast was had by all! The service was great also, very nice that the owners were there Che king on everything! Oh, the hot homemade bread is awesome too!!!My wife and I didn't have reservations and they sat us almost immediately, we split the veal parm, and she said this is probably the best veal parmigiana I've ever had. It was! With chianti, cream spinach and finished with cappuccino it was awesome! So glad we were able to try it! We'll definitely be back!!!This Italian Chop House really hits the bar!!! I've never ate anything in here I didn't like. Also, the bartender got there stuff together as well!!! You will not be disappointed in this restaurant! If you like veal chops I suggest you try the "Bone-N Veal Chop" really GREAT PLACE!We recently met our friends at the bar for happy hour before our 6pm reservation. We decided to have our appetizers with cocktails and were surprised how good everything was. The meatballs were tasty and large with ricotta in between 2 meatballs. Also ordered the eggplant valentina that was very good. 
In the dining room, she got the veal rizzuto and I had the chicken picatta. Both came with a nice size bowl of pasta aglio olio. We ate until we could not eat anymore and brought a lot of delicious food home. Because of my birthday celebration we ordered the chocolate cheesecake with raspberries and it was the bomb to a perfect night of eating and drinking. The service was extremely good and our waiter was Uver with an assist from Raymond and Scott. Make plans to go and you would not be disappointed. We have been to all the other Italian restaurants in Nola and this was by far the most unexpected pleasure of all. Mr. Rizzuto and his staff, we thank you for a great dining experience.My first visit since the restaurant changed hands and changed names. The look had changed and was clean and white versus the typical Italian red and green. Some of the group didn't like the change and others did. The positive of the visit was the service  and attentiveness of the staff. The owners and chef stopped by the table and were very concerned and interested in comments. That's why I gave this restaurant a higher score than the food deserved. The ouster's were okay but too much oregano made them tough for me to eat. The egg plant we ordered was the baked and bit too rubbery for the crew. On the positive the cheese was great. We did order drinks and they were pretty good but bit strong. Our group decided to dine on steaks. My choice was the 45 day aged rib eye- both wet and dry aged. The steak was perfect. I can't say the same for the side of fettuccine. The noodles were a congealed clump and the Alfredo had soaked into the fettuccine itself. The butter had separated out. This was pretty sad for an Italian restaurant-appeared to had been microwaved. For dessert I tried the Rum Rumba and the others had a seasonal pumpkin pie. The rum dessert was so sweet it was inedible. The others liked their pumpkin dessert. Needless to say, I was disappointed in all but the steak and the service. I will probably try this restaurant again but not too soon....lots more in the area to dine at. Hopefully this icon will surviveThe food was amazing.  We had the meatball as an appetizer, the seafood tower and a side of pasta.  The atmosphere however could have been better.  First of all, the restaurant is very dark which makes it almost impossible to read the menu.  Secondly, it is very loud.  Our waiter either could not hear us or he did not take the time to hear us.  Not sure, he would drop things off and then disappear.  He would not ask if things were ok.  He just dropped and left.  The twins were wonderful and made things a lot better because they would check on us. Would definitely go back for the food.My first visit since the restaurant changed hands and changed names. The look had changed and was clean and white versus the typical Italian red and green. Some of the group didn't like the change and others did. The positive of the visit was the service  and attentiveness of the staff. The owners and chef stopped by the table and were very concerned and interested in comments. That's why I gave this restaurant a higher score than the food deserved. The ouster's were okay but too much oregano made them tough for me to eat. The egg plant we ordered was the baked and bit too rubbery for the crew. On the positive the cheese was great. We did order drinks and they were pretty good but bit strong. Our group decided to dine on steaks. My choice was the 45 day aged rib eye- both wet and dry aged. The steak was perfect. I can't say the same for the side of fettuccine. The noodles were a congealed clump and the Alfredo had soaked into the fettuccine itself. The butter had separated out. This was pretty sad for an Italian restaurant-appeared to had been microwaved. For dessert I tried the Rum Rumba and the others had a seasonal pumpkin pie. The rum dessert was so sweet it was inedible. The others liked their pumpkin dessert. Needless to say, I was disappointed in all but the steak and the service. I will probably try this restaurant again but not too soon....lots more in the area to dine at.We had a great time. Service was fantastic. The waiter was personable and friendly. The food was top rate. We had steaks, potatoes, oysters and truffle fries. Everything was perfectly cooked and tasted great. For dessert my boys had the hummingbird cake and chocolate cheesecake. They didn't even leave a crumb in the plate.   .One of our new favorites! Everything is delicious - truly, just close your eyes & point, and whatever you land on will be perfect. Highly recommend the seafood tower - my father doesn't always remember a restaurant's name, but he remembers the tower, the name of this restaurant, and he always requests it when he is in town. The eggplant rollatini is yummy - there are 4 in the order, so I generally take 2 home for dinner the next night just to keep enjoying. It's an appetizer & so much more to try - don't fill up here!  The marinated mushroom app is a great throw back to when this location was Tony Angelo's - it's not the exact same but very close.  
The steaks are great, but the traditional Italian dishes can't be beat!  The Fra Diavolo has just enough spice, the piccata has just enough sauce, and it doesn't matter what you get, order a small bowl of Alfredo to share with the taOh *nostalgia* 
I grew up on oversized portions of Italian food, and the Rizzutos did not disappoint. We went in for happy hour for $9 specialty cocktails and half off select appetizers.
First, the bartenders are amazingly talented, and really know what they're doing. I got a gin fizz that was the perfect amount of sweet, sour, & air from the egg whites. I'm determined to go back and try another one of their handcrafted cocktails, you can't go wrong with any choice from these cocktail craftsmen. 
Next, we order the kobe sliders and the meatballs as we decided to take the road toward a beef binge after much convincing from the bartenders. The kobe sliders were huge, basically the size of a regular burger. Perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and dressed to perfection...and for the price? Come on, it's cheaper than a Big Mac, and made with USDA Prime beef. Next, came the meatballs. Wow, I felt like a was sinking into deep marinara memories. How I've missed Italian food. But, I didn't realize HOW much I missed it until I visited Rizzutos. Oh, and I forgot to mention: the meatballs are the size of your head. We were stuffed from one slider and one meatball, but probably shared about a pound of beef between the two of us :O. 
I haven't tried their desserts, but I will be back! I look forward to seeing how Rizzutos evolves, and I'll definitely be keeping an eye out for new additions on the cocktail menu.We were very excited when this restaurant took the corner that had housed another for many years, we are always interested in trying new restaurants close to home as we dine out several nights a week.
Our Disappointment  came almost immediately.  
We opened the door to loud chaos, several people hunched at Host desk, one finally turned, hurriedly took our name & escorted us to a table in the loud dining room surrounded by tables so close to each other you feel as though you are part of their conversations.
Our waiter was slow, hard to find & not knowledgeable about the dishes, in his defense, he probably couldn't hear what we said).
I had Veal Marsala which was cold & did not taste like any Marsala I've had in my 74 years.  I can't remember what my husband, who usually likes everything, had but he was not thrilled either.
2 weeks later friends wanted to try so we said we'd give it a 2nd chance. We were almost laughed at for trying to get a reservation a week in advance so gave up.
Our daughter & friends had dinner there last week, 3 months after our experience, with same results.Couldn't get a picture of the food it was so delicious i scarrfed down my food.The drinks were amazing. Got the stuffed mushroom appetizer and seafood manicotti absolutely amazing, I'm Italian it's hard for me to find a great Italian restaurant, absolutely loved this oneI ate here for my anniversary for the first time and it was amazing. The service is quick, servers are well informed and can answer any questions you have. I will definitely be back!If I could give this restaurant 10 stars , I absolutely would. This was my first time in New Orleans , I took my
Fiancé for her birthday so I wanted it to be extremely special and well thought out. I researched places for 2
Months and decided to go with Rizzutos because of
the great reviews and also because of the diverse menu of Italian and seafood/steaks. Let me tell you first hand that this place did not disappoint! The ambiance was fantastic. Very intimate , low lights , very romantic. The way the tables were set , the friendly wait staff and a man who I believe to be the owner even came out to check on us. The service was just FANTASTIC. At one point while we were waiting on our entrees a waitress came over with a sampling portion of a pesto pasta for us to try and I promise you I haven't stopped thinking about it since. Unfortunately, we didn't take pics but this will be a dinner I will never forget. 
Rizzutos , coming all the way from Lancaster Pennsylvania, from me and my fiancee
To you , thank you for a fabulous meal.Nothing to write home about. Nice decor. Nice staff. Super friendly but food is fair at best. We actually got sick from itThe food was amazing!  Erica is personable and attentive.  This is our new Italian spot!!This place rocks!
Great Italian dishes with arguably the finest PRIME STEAKS in town.
Food was spot on, service was friendly and inviting our dining experience was excellent. 
I highly recommend this restaurant and their steak.Very Lively
I've only heard good things about this place, but it was a big miss for us! We made reservations for three at 8:15pm and was not seated until 8:50pm so just know you may be waiting longer than you expected. We grabbed a few drinks at the bar as we waited.. the bartenders seem to be a bit flustered from the overload of orders. 
We ordered:
Appetizers
Crab Stuffed Mushrooms - $15
Six comes to an order and were very flavorful and juicy. 
Entrees
Lobster Fra Diavolo - $24
The price for lobster was an extra $4 charge, but was highly disappointed when it was chewy and overcooked. The rigatoni pasta itself was cooked perfectly and paired nicely with the sauce. 
Tortellacci - $18
This had a yummy marinara sauce but the rest of it was a complete miss. The stuffed tortellacci had a chewy / tough exterior. The filling and pork topping were both very dry. 
Sides
Truffle Fries - $8
I mean you can never go wrong with these. 
Brussels Sprouts - $8
Eh, I've had my fair share of brussels sprouts and these were just okay. 
The overall experience wasn't very impressive. The service is slow so unless you're okay with waiting for okay food. I'd wish for better, but some you win and some you lose.As I'm sitting here still mesmerized by my dinner from yesterday night I'll say it was a WELL DESERVED TREAT! So right now they are doing dine-in services but ya gotta. MASK UP for entry. This little piece of art is located in the lake view area. There's parking all around the establishment and around the street as well. They do have patio seating available too if you don't want to sit inside. 
We were greet kindly and there was when the experience began. It felt like I was walking through one of Al Clapones fav. High end restaurant. Velvet red seats and also red carpet retro cool wine cellar vibe. Out kind waiter Matthew helped us our on ordering and so we started with a some great drinks and a beautiful cheese plate. There was a thick cut salami and something else but the quality of the meats *chefs kiss. To start off we also had a limoncello and a French 75 which were made to perfection! 
Dinner
seafood manicotti and their aglioglio ans angel hair pasta simple garlic and part. JEEEEZUMS y'all, thar manicotti ... whewwww I'm sweating thinking about how creamy, wonderful, perfect, seasoned it was. 
For after treats I had a slice of their Italian cream cake which has the perfect combo of sweet and creme plus a perfect cap of 1738. 
Just GEAUX! They ALSO serve steak so there's plenty of options and I feel it was just a very authentic experience.We dined their tonight with a party of six. We all enjoyed our meal completely and had a variety of dishes,salads and appetizers. I had the chop salad, pork chop and pasta with olive oil. Everything was very good. We will return.Great atmosphere. We went on a Saturday night, we did get there a bit early so we waited at the bar, the bar was pretty crowded but it was a busy night so that was understandable. We ordered the meatball appetizer, veal parm and the shrimp fra diavolo.... all the food was DELICIOUS! Our waiter was great as well. We will for sure be back soon.A very reluctant four stars. Let's start with the positives. Overall the food was deserving of a four. The beet salad lives up to its reputation from other yelp users...very tasty with a lot of nice flavors. The tuna crudo was fabulous and a great start to the night. The redfish special with lobster was pretty good, not great. The squid ink special was just Good, not great; underwhelming sauces. To be fair, we might have been better off trying more traditional Italian dishes. The service was very attentive, but felt a little rushed. The dining room is kind of formal and dark - it was not a lively eating environment. The bar area looked pretty cool. Nice wine list.I have been twice-the first time was amazing the second time was below average.  The first time every dish was fresh, hot, flavorful but on the second time the dishes were cold and some of the things we had (particularly the veal with the crab) had a terrible taste almost like the crab was bad.  I will probably give this another go hoping the second time was a fluke-but they need to be aware of the miss.Ok I'll make this as simple as possible... being the only black guy in a place ; can be a bit scary at times... but not tonight ... the staff was awesome treated us with the best of care... atleast 7 people made sure we were good... at all times ... awesome service ....probably the best I've ever had...no bs... these guys made sure everything was on point ....now too the food... i had the rib-eye cap steak I forget the name BUT ITS THE BEST STEAK I HAVE TASTE... Brussels were tasty and the crabmeat stuffed lobster wAs awesome as well .... I literally have zero complaints and I'll be back regularly... I spent $260-300 and it was beyond worth it .... please visit this place and get the crab cake appetizer ....  oh yeah and the rib-eye cap steak ... someone correct me on the name ... it's awesome... drinks were well made too... if my pockets could afford it I'd eat here twice a week  pure fire  I felt like a celebrity they treated us so well... I'm nobody at all just an FYI lol ...This is literally my favorite restaurant in the entire world. I would eat there every single day. The owner Mr. Rizzuto is the nicest man in the whole world and the staff is so great. Everything I've ever eaten there has been absolutely delicious and it is authentic Italian food.I don't even know where to begin this review, OMG if you love authentic Italian food, Rizzutos is a must try!! From the homemade pastas, to the meatballs, manicotti, let's not forget the jumbo lump crab cakes.. I'm drooling just thinking about the deliciousness. Everything was excellent, beginning with our nice greeting from the owner, to the sever who made sure our drinks were full and our table was crumbed. All dishes were delivered quickly and piping hot. I will definitely be backThey serve an incredible steak call the Spinalis Ribeye aka The Cap of Ribeye and it's one of the most delicious steaks I've ever had. It's juicy and cooked perfectly!!Unfortunate words follow, but management can learn and improve for everyone's benefit. 
I want to believe the positive reviews, but after last night I don't. 
Firstly, they took about a half hour to even acknowledge our reservation. We realized there must have been something up after the argument between the hostess and manager(owner?). 
Some food was served lukewarm, some was cold. Fish was unimpressive, veal was blah. 
To top it off, they made our entire group of 11 very unhappy by telling us they were out of the chocolate dessert. Turns out everyone in our group hates red velvet cake (which was stale) with a passion. Sorry guys, but you can't run out of chocolate, you just can't. Ever. 
Hey, about the wait and service staff: You guys did well, but got stuck in a bad situation of your employers creation.The food and service here are fantastic. Even the bread is delicious. Our family has eaten here several times and we have never had anything less than an excellent meal.Parry of 9. Our waiter Jude was on top of things before we even arrived. The food was delicious, came out hot and fresh. Our glasses were never empty.
Management is very active in the dining room, more than any other restaurant I've been to. Constantly checking on all of the tables, multiple times to make sure the dining experience was unforgettable. 
The steaks are the best in the city.