OMG! So it's too bad they only allow 5 stars as a rating because these guys deserve 10! Found them at Gretna Fest this year. Let's just say Being vegan at any fest is challenging. So we're walking around contemplating how bad we are probably gonna have to eat, when my husband spots the food truck area. We go over and see Rollin fatties, (thank God) they were making more rice but assured us it would be done in a half hour or so. We walked around a bit and came back ordered the tofu fattie. It was amazing.! No joke, they are huge and delicious! Can't beat the price either! Follow them on Twitter so you know where they are everyday and EAT people! Bottom line, great people making great food! Love y'allDecided to try this little truck while in town for work (the LSU cafeteria wasn't quite cutting it for me...) Very happy that I did! 
I got the fattie bowl with pulled chicken since they were out of fish. Boy oh boy was this delicious! The chicken was flavorful and not dry at all. The pico wasn't runny, and had just enough kick to it. The chips that came with the bowl had a delicious lime zest to them as well. Overall, super pleased. Very well priced and good portion size! HIGHLY recommend stopping through if you are close by.Awesome food! Coming from someone who doesn't eat chicken, the shredded chicken was great! This is truly a hidden gem! Thanks, y'all! - Texas GalDelicious!!! Very fresh ingredients, solid portions. I try to eat reasonably healthy lunches when I come to NOLA, but I always seem to find myself getting a fried shrimp poboy. Well, I have now found an option that might help me avoid that some of the time. I went with the tacos (the fish were my favorite, and I'm not a big fish taco guy), but next time I think I might have to try the loaded nachos, as they looked terrific. Can't wait to come back!YOU MUST FIND THIS FOOD TRUCK!!! The food is exceptional, amazingly tasty and nothing like you have had before. Prices are great and the food is soooo good.
WARNING - Check their Twitter feed before you go, as the truck was on Tulane in front of the hospital, NOT at the Yelp location indicated.I'm a Mexican food junkie. And their burritos are as good as it gets. Chicken Fatty and a Mexican Coke and I'm happy the rest of the day. 
Super fast, super nice and super good (at a reasonable price).If you are in New Orleans, you MUST check out this food truck!! They just opened up around Mardi Gras, and now it's my go-to for nachos, tacos, and their signature item, "fatties," which is what they call their burritos.  My favorite is their chicken or fish loaded nachos.  They make their nacho chips fresh to order, with black beans, pico de gallo, melted monterey jack,  and homemade chipotle sauce on top...SO GOOD!  Today  I ended up striking up a conversation with a stranger who had just ordered a chicken fattie,  and we spent 5 minutes talking about how fresh and delicious our food was and ended up eating our lunch together,  which was super sweet.   They are usually in the CBD during the week,  and on St. Claude by Siberia/Hi - Ho Lounge Friday/Saturday nights until they run out of food. You can follow them on twitter, instagram, and facebook to find them!This place is pretty Bomb. Located outside of Tulane hospital. Big line so go early. 5 stars just for the tofu. The tofu is incredible, well flavored with amazing meat like texture and crispy outside. Thanks for the vegan option. Just finished. You can sub nachos for a tortilla with a bowl if you want as well. I'll have to try the nachos next time.This is a late review. We hired this truck for a private party (wedding) at a house we rented in the garden district Feb 2015. By far our most memorable dining experience in Nola. Yes there was amazing food elsewhere but these guys totally made our day. The homemade chips are to die for. Thick and light and perfect blends into the nachos. The chicken is marinated perfectly. I can't wait to go back to Nola just to have this truck again.Omgosh this is SOOOOOO good!!! I got the Fattie Bowl and it was delicious!!! Great food truckHad to wait 20 min for the truck to show up (opens at 11 but arrived around 1120) but I say this with 100 honesty - it was WELL worth the wait!! I got a BBQ tofu fattie and OMG it was sooooo good! "Splurged" and got the guac for $1 more and it was perfect.Friendly staff,quick services,& generous portion! We got the fattie burrito and tasty chipotle pulled chicken tacos! Definitely coming back!Great, quick, tasty Mexican food with a unique twist.  Highly recommended!Super sweet staff and amazing, flavorful food. Whenever I'm in New Orleans I have to stop at least once for the loaded nachos or fattie bowl with tofu. Don't even like cabbage, but the slaw is so tasty, and the flavors are so developed, especially for a food truck. It's hard not to love everything about this place, including the reasonable prices.There is definitely a reason Rollin Fatties is number one, and it isn't just because they have an amazing (and CONSISTENTLY delicious) product. They really care about their customers and the community they are in. I am a lunch regular (fish nachos or fish fattie) and they were nice enough to ask which side of the street was best for us/which we preferred. They use first names, which is an easy way to make people feel good but is incredibly underutilized or comes off weird. It makes a difference when its genuine and for them it really is. The chips in their nachos is what takes it to another level, which says a lot when the nacho situation is pretty ideal in NOLA (juans, rum house to name a few). The chipotle creme is amazing, beans and rice are seasoned in a way that makes me fall in love all over again with latin/carib spices. Last but not least, their prices are on point- $7 for a filling lunch you know will be good is a rare find. All around perfect!Working EMS, I often stop at "quick food" places. This truck blew my mind while working gretna fest this year. I was told by a coworker it was the best thing at the fest, but I've heard that for 4 years. This was my experience:  I walked up and was greeted by an extremely personable family unit running the truck that had me laughing before I even ordered. Super friendly staff that had a smile that you just don't see very often. And then we get to tge food... God help me, I've never had slaw on a burrito and was a little timid, I said I like hot sauce and was told to try the chipotle first...I bow to you burrito master. I never got a chance to come back and tell you what I think so here it is. You are godlike in the burrito world and need 10 trucks on the westbank. P.S., my wife got the nachos and I ate all of her chicken.Rollin' Fatties is delicious, remarkably consistent and has never made by belly hurt (the benchmark of cleanliness).  Their chicken nachos and tacos have my heart!  The chicken and pico are just a little spicy and I find myself craving and then caving ... often.  Their guacamole is so good I could eat it without chips.   I am so grateful for these lovely people that feed me quality food for a reasonable price. Go get you some. You will not be disappointed!Oh my gosh, YUM. I'm sad to say I walked by this place several times before finally stopping for two reasons: 1) the name is kind of dumb and seems better suited to a rolling marijuana dispensary, and 2) the filling options are basically what you'd see on a wedding RSVP: chicken, fish, or veg. - and the veg. option is tofu (yuck). 
Once I finally tried the food, though...well, I really don't care what they call it, as long as it stays this awesome. I usually don't like tofu, and of course get told all the time, "You just have to have it cooked right." Well, I've tried it baked, fried, steamed, snapped, crackled, and popped, and have never enjoyed it. Until the barbecue tofu here. I don't know what they're doing to this stuff, but they have managed to make tofu not only palatable but actually something I crave.
The burrito (which I am always embarrassed to call "the fattie" when ordering) is my go to, but I also enjoy the tacos. I've had their side of chips and pico too, which was good - the tortilla chips are homemade - but not good enough to steer me away from my dear, wonderful, generously stuffed burrito. Whenever I get one, I have to remind myself how much happier I will be if I stop eating halfway through so I can have the rest for dinner.
Note for vegetarians: I was totally freaked out by the yellow rice the first time I ordered here, since it's often made with chicken stock, but have gotten assurances from the nice lady in the truck that the rice and beans are all vegetarian.1. This place has the best tacos I've ever had (I had the fish tacos and they were SO GOOD)
2. The people who work here are super friendly and the customer service is amazing
3. They were so fast I got my food in less than five minutes
Overall, I LOVE ROLLIN FATTIES SO MUCHI tried the tacos at Gretna Fest and they were amazing (yes that was 6 months ago and yes I'm just now leaving a review stop judging me lol)
I didn't realize they were on Yelp until I came across them after leaving a review for a different business...
Anyways I had the chicken tacos and they were amazing... I put two types of hot sauce on them bc I prefer my food pretty spicy... Over al I can say it was the best tacos I've had in a whileOne of the best food truck..  I've ever been to .. Hands Down
I love  Rollin' fatties! 
Locally sourced fresh ingredients and locally founded and operated.  Love the service, love the food and love the whole concept Really . They couldn't be more fantastic. I've enjoyed the chicken and fish! My favorites are the tacos and fatty but you really can't go wrong. Support local businesses and enjoy some fresh tasty food while you're at it! Cannot recommend them enough. I wish I could give them 10 starsBy far one of the best food trucks in NOLA. The food is always consistent & on point! I usually go for the chicken nachos or the chicken bowl.. I've tried the tofo and it was just as delicious. Not only is the food great, colorful, and fresh; but, the entire staff is quite amazing! They always make it a point to make everyone feel appreciated. The girl at the window is such a wonderful human being! She is kind and makes it a point to remember names and orders of customers, even if you have a hard name (trust, I do).
Helpful tip: check IG to make sure they're open (they usually are M-F, 11-2) 
Wednesday is Guac day, get some!You've read the reviews, you've heard that they're the number one food truck in New Orleans, and if you didn't know, now you know. This ain't about 'hype', it's really the truth. Treavor and Zella are whippin up miracles in the back of that truck, and you'd be doing yourself a major injustice if you wait another moment to get down to Tulane Ave (in front the medical center 11-2pm) to get one of these culinary masterpieces into your system.
Today, actually moments ago was my first time getting to this food truck and I could kick myself for allowing this much time to pass until doing so.
Torn on what to pick, I went with the two chicken tacos ($5) that were phenominal. Slightly spicy, flavorful, and just the right proportion. Those tacos were devoured by the time I realized that Zella wanted a picture of me with my food (which I didn't know), just looking at what I got when my order came up, there was no way I was going to wait to put those tacos away! 
I was told next time I should try the 'fattie' which is their signature burrito, and from the way things went today, I'll be having that this week.
Another note, on Mondays, Wednesday - Friday they are in front of the Tulane medical center on Tulane Ave. Tuesdays, they are over by the LSU medical center so keep that in mind.
Excellent job, fellas!A Pittsburgher's take on a New Orleans food truck.
A grand slam in a city of home runs (pats himself on the back for such a good analogy, even though baseball is a boring, horrible game, I say this not as an anti-jock hipster, because I love the NFL, anywho I digress).  Inexpensive to the point where you question the ingredients.  Then you take a bite, and it is fresh, delicious and satiating.  We ordered the chicken tacos and fish taco bowl (I don't think it's called that).  The chicken tacos were immaculate, but the fish was in a league of its own.  With two bottles of water, our order came to $17!  I think what I love about food trucks is that it forces a 'chef' (or whatever they're called) to make a very high quality product in order to thrive.  They don't have the ability to stock 14,000 various menu items (too much variety is a weakness in my opinion, as it waters down the quality as opposed to restaurants with a small menu, case in point, check out the encyclopedia known as an Applebee's menu)
This place gets the rare designation (along with Cochon Butcher) as being a place  I will always go back to when I come to New Orleans.  For those of your more "touristy minded" folks, make the short walk (it's half a mile from the French quarter) and check out this truck.  Now, I don't know if they move around  a ton, so   you may be better served to just use your smart phone and check them out on Twitter for their location)
IF THIS RESTAURANT (FOOD TRUCK) WERE A MUSICIAN/BAND: Van Halen:  Snobs may not give them their proper due, but they kicked ass and retrospective reviews will acknowledge their greatness.I love food trucks, but when I find one with food this good I'm in heaven! Ordered the chicken bowl.  The blend of spices and seasonings are a perfect combination that gives this bowl a multicultural flavor.  Really amazing!  I'll be a regular.This should be on your New Orleans Bucket List!!! Great food! Great staff! Loaded Chicken Nachos are AWESOME!! #BestFoodTruckEverSo awesome! Chipotle cream is the best. Service and efficiency excellent. We had the chipotle chicken tacos and a burrito. Definitely one of the best food trucks I've experienced.Very good and comparable to chipotle Grill. I think I like it even better.  I wish they had more choices of rice but they make up for it with their choices of toppingsGreat food, great service and a great lunch. I went here thanks to yelp and had the Faroe burrito. It has a jerk sweet tang to it that made it unique and quite delicious. Thanks.Great flavor! Burrito was a LITTLE soggy from the slaw, but I waited about 10 minutes to eat it after buying it, so that might have been better if eaten right away. Chips were thick with the perfect amount of salt and the guacamole was very good. Wish I could give 4.5 stars!We decided to go to Rollin Fatties for lunch. We ordered 3 rollin fatties burritos and on one loaded nachos. Everything was rolling!!!!So good! I got my order in less than 5 minutes... Keep up the good work...See you next week:)I'm definitely a regular at this place. Last week I ate 4 out of 5 days here and got the same exact thing every single day because I love it so much. I always get their chicken bowl and it comes with rice, chicken, black beans, salsa, chips and coleslaw. It is super flavorful. It's only $7 and it is filling. Amazing customer service! The people working here are always pleasant and friendly! Love love love this food truck.Best filling chicken nachos Ive ever had. Good service and short wait time. Im all the way on Poydras so the walk to Tulane just for these nachos are so worth it!!!Parked outside of Tulane med center (1430 Tulane) during weekdays for lunch. I finally had a reason to be in that area one Friday so I jumped at the opportunity to try a Rollin Fattie once and for all. 
They offer a menu of either a Rollin Fattie (burrito), Fattie bowl, tacos, and loaded nachos. All of which comes with your choice of chicken, fish or tofu. 
I opted to try their namesake, the Rollin Fattie with chicken. The 12" flour tortilla came piping hot filled with shredded chicken, seasoned rice and black beans, cheese, pico, pickled onion slaw, and chipotle cream. It was delicious! Sometimes you get burritos and all of the good stuff is on one side or it has too much rice, but this was not the case! It was well balanced and had more than enough chicken making it a very filling $7 lunch. I recommend to not sub anything out, just get it how it comes because they know what they are doing! 
The Loaded Nachos with chicken - These house made chips aren't your average tortilla chips. They are thicker than average making it a great sturdy chip, which is needed because they really do pile on all the toppings. This is a meal in itself or fun to share with a group. 
The Tacos come 2 for $6 and you can choose your protein for each taco. We picked one chicken and one fish. I had a bite of the fish and unfortunately that was the only thing I didn't care for. It had a strong fishy taste that didn't sit right with me. I'm glad I got to try it, but would stick to the chicken from now on since that was the all-star protein in my opinion. 
They had a constant line of people the entire time we were there, but for a small truck they fit a lot of people inside so the wait time was less than 10 minutes. The girl taking our order was really sweet. In case you are wondering, they do take credit cards.This is the kind of food that I dream about...The kind of food that I crave...The kind of food that I refuse to share but am happy to point anyone and everyone in the truck's direction because it would be unfair if everyone didn't get to try Rollin' Fatties in their lifetime. I can't visit home without stopping at Rollin' Fatties EVERY day. The taste is unparalleled. The price is right. The atmosphere is welcoming. The service is refreshing. Did I mention how good the food is? OMG, do yourself a favor and get some of the loaded nachos and thank me later!Rollin Fatties is as good as it gets, and it keeps getting better.  The service is always excellent and the food is top notch.  My favorite is the Loaded Nachos.  Just the right amount of spice and just enough to fill my belly. 
Just so you can gauge whether or not to eat there based off my recommendation, I will share some personal habits.  I am the type of consumer who finds what I like from a particular vendor, and visits frequently to get that exact item.  In the case of Rollin Fatties, I find myself there at least once a week.  It makes sense to me because I love consistently good service and food.
  Thank You Rollin Fatties for being a part of my food journey.I dream about this food! Usually I'm in class or at work when they're out by Tulane, but when I get the chance I snag some Rollin' Fatties. I've had they're tofu tacos and their tofu "bowl" and both are phenomenal. They've got a great blend of flavors, provide quick and friendly service, have great prices, and are probably one of the best vegetarian options in town. I started eating at their truck back in March or April (2014) and I can tell they're always looking to improve. I literally tell all of my friends about this food because I truly think everyone should try it. I always leave happy and full.Excellent food along with a bunch of nice individuals. Wish we were staying in New Orleans longer. Can't wait to come back and look up this food truck again.SO GOOD. Rollin Fatties is easily one of my favorite food trucks in the city. The ppl that run it are always super-nice, and the food is consistently top notch. Totally worth a drive to them from wherever you are. Matter of fact, I might do another lunch trip today from Algiers just for another fish + BBQ tofu Fattie.There's good reason why this place is the highest rated New Orleans restaurant on yelp and easily the most solid food truck in the city. First off, the price point. No item here is priced in the double digits, you can actually get an entree and side/drink for less than $10. The point of a food truck from the consumer side is food that's affordable and delicious, but a lot of New Orleans food trucks ignore that. Second off the food. The menu is concise which is how a food truck should be and everything is top quality. The chicken is my favorite protein but the fish and tofu is good too. The tofu is on the sweeter side so if that isn't your thing, pass on that one. The stuffing are also amazing, basmati rice and some of the best black beans I've ever had help complement your protein. The additional toppings that are included are jack cheese, Chipotle crema and fresh pico. Guacamole is available on Wednesdays too. The chips are freshly fried flour tortilla chips that get a dash of seasoning out of the fryer. Very delicious. The only downside is that everything is so amazing but the portions are massive. When I have a fatty at noon, I seldom eat much for dinner. Do yourself a favor and eat here and experience the hype for yourself.Delicious! Scrumptious! Yummy! I've had the nachos & the tacos, both are so perfect each and every time. The ingredients are fresh and the chipotle cream is probably my favorite thing ever.
They're outside of the Tulane Med School almost every week day, and I walk down from my office at least once a week, if not twice. People always ask where I got it from and I am always bragging about Rollin' Fatties - have brought many a coworker here and they've never been disappointed. If you get the chance, GO! Prices are good, the people are friendly, and the food is perfect.I have dreams about their BBQ tofu bowl. It's a generous portion of tofu, rice, and chips with a creamy sauce, spiced beans, and pickled cabbage. I am not even vegetarian and I ALWAYS get the BBQ tofu bowl. That should tell you something. The people are also always very friendly and the food is speedy.Visiting Nola and this happens to come up on Yelp when we're searching of places to eat. A food truck? Are we really going to eat at a food truck while down here. Hell yeah we are. It helped that it was literally down the street from our Air Bnb. We decided to try it for lunch on our last day there and it was solid for the value. Cheap food that tasted great. I got the chicken nachos and they were very filling as were everyone else's meals. If you want a cheap solid meal and if you're within walking distance I'd highly recommend. Otherwise there are too many great restaurants in Nola to come all the way here away from Royal street and that area. The locals eat here for lunch especially the people who work at the hospital across the street.So glad I found a good food truck located right by Tulane Med! I had the loaded nachos with shredded chipotle chicken that came highly recommended, and didn't regret my choice. I did regret NOT getting guacamole though, so definitely shell out that extra $1 for guac. It's a decent size portion for $7, and comes with chips, black beans, cheese (though I didn't see/taste much of it), pico de gallo (also didn't get much of this), chipotle cream, and protein! The flavors meshed really well together, but I wish the proportion of chips and beans to the sauces was a bit better. The chicken was really soft and juicy, and the flavor was just right! I will be back again soon to try out the fattie bowl!!The bbq tofu fattie was excellent! Staff was very friendly and seemed like they wanted to be there. I will make it a point to visit again!The homemade tortilla chips give me life but hands down the fish bowl is my absolute favorite! Everyone on the truck is so friendly and they work like a well oiled machine. I got my bowl in less than 60 seconds last time I went. Can't wait for guacamole Wednesday, best part of my day is for sure Rollin Fatties.I enjoy my work day so much better when I see Rollin Fatties food truck pull up at Tulane!!!! I fell in love with the fish bowl with extra chipotle sauce!!!! I decided to try the fish nachos and my oh my I enjoyed it just as much.... If your ever in New Orleans Rollin Fatties is by far the best food truck to visit!!!!I have one problem with Rollin Fatties and it is my inability to stay away. The best burrito I've ever had and always friendly service. I'm not typically crazy about tofu, but even their bbq tofu protein option is on point. I make up an excuse to eat lunch here at least once a week.We made it out to Rollin Fatties all the way from NYC!!! We had to try everything. So we started with the chicken nachos. They were unlike any other nachos we've tried. Delicious!!! Then on to fish tacos. They were good but not necessarily our favorite. Finally we saved the best for last, a chicken fatty!!! It was amazing!!! I would venture to say the flavor was all in the rice and truly enhanced by all the other ingredients. Our mango Jarritos was the perfect accompaniment to such flavorful food. On top of all this it was probably the most inexpensive meal we had in New Orleans. It left us feeling satisfied for a very long time. We will definitely be coming back for more next time we visit as well as telling anyone who plans to visit New Orleans this is a must.My first time seeing, and eating from Rollin Fatties. I will from now on, pull over any time they're close enough for me to order. This burrito was absolutely delicious. It was hot, juicy, spicy, full of flavor; simply delicious!!! 
I also ordered the chips and salsa. I could have skipped them. The chips and salsa were freshly made, but I did not like the salsa. Chips were very good. 
Yes, I will definitely eat there again.
Enjoy!!!After reading other reviews, I ditched out a networking lunch and tracked this baby down.  Totally worth it.  I had a chicken fatty and it didn't disappoint.  I must of timed it nice.  There wasn't too much of a line and it moved quickly.  
Highly recommended!Delicious, friendly, fast, and cheap! Rollin' Fatties is my go to lunch option for these reasons. Even when there is a line 10-20 people deep, I know that I will be in and out faster than at most of the other food trucks on Tulane. Don't let the line deter you from trying this place!
The food is outstanding. I usually go with the chicken fattie or bowl. The meat is cooked perfectly and the slaw gives it that something special. The staff is always super friendly and the proportions are certainly worth $7. If you are ever in the Tulane area for lunch or see them at an event, definitely stop and try one of New Orleans best food trucks!Traveling through the area for Halloween weekend and I had found this place on yelp and bookmarked it. Unfortunately due to their hours and my bad planning I missed out for the first two days I was in NOLA and figured I wouldn't get to try this spot as I was headed to Voodoo music festival for the next three days. Imagine my surprise when this food truck arrived in the VIP food area on the second day. Shortly after doing a happy dance I grabbed my hubby and we devoured a chicken fatty. My god, best burrito of my life!! If you are looking for a traditional Mexican burrito, this is not it, but seriously, try it anyway. The flavors in these burritos are absolutely like nothing I have ever had but so delicious! Today before we headed out of the city we went out of our way to stop by this truck and pick up two fatties for the road. The people working were so kind and talkative and the burritos were of course, amazing. Go, you will not regret it.Chicken Fattie [Burrito] and fish tacos were fresh, maintained interesting and well executed flavor profile, and the portions were generous. 
I ordered both the Chicken Fattie and 2 fish tacos. The chicken fatties is a large burrito stuffed with seasoned chicken, rice, beans, and pickled cabbage. Everything came together very nicely in temperature (cool cabbage vs hot proteins), flavors, and mouthfeel (crunch of cabbage with soft rice, beans, and substantial chicken.)
The tortilla was soft and chewy as I prefer.
The pickled cabbage was lightly sweet and acidic. The chicken was shredded and seasoned. I found the chicken to be just slightly dry, though it was still quite good. Beans and rice brought body to the burrito without distraction from the flavor. 
The fish tacos had a tasty chewy tortilla. The toppings, pico de gallo & cabbage, were fresh and well-paired with the fish. The fish was light and flaky enough (not perfect). It had pleasant seasoning. 
Service was friendly and fast.Some of the best nachos and tacos I've ever had. Their food is always on point, they are efficient and fast. Never had a bad lunch here! Definitely try this place!So fresh... We were pleasantly surprised, having never had the courage to try a food truck. Very clean, super friendly service and blows away chipotle.What child of the 70's could resist a food truck called Rollin' Fatties? The best business name ever and a page full of 5-star reviews convinced me that I should brave hospital lunch hour traffic and check it out.
They were out of fish, so I had to settle for a chicken fattie bowl, but it wasn't really settling; it was delicious! The seasoning they use is completely different from traditional Mexican, and I LOVED the red cabbage slaw or whatever it was. The beans are also several cuts above what you get at most places. I think I paid $8 at the most, and had to throw in the towel about 3/4 of the way through. The person ahead of me ordered the nachos, and they looked amazing too.
The service is fast and friendly, and the girl who served me was incredibly sweet. Awesome, awesome lunch, so Rollin' Fatties can just roll on up to KC any time they want!Food was good and priced right. 
Staff was friendly and professional. I like the Yelp locator app so I can find the food truck.  Everything looks good and fresh.I recently visited New Orleans in June 2015, and we wanted something very local for lunch!  I had googled food trucks, and this place was one of the two places we tried.  The food was absolutely amazing, we ordered the vegetarian nachos with tofu!  OMG, it was seriously amazing.  I have never had such amazing flavors all rolled into one of my favorite cuisines (mexican)!  I wish it was a little bit spicier but the flavors made up for that, and it was absolutely delicious!  If you are in the area, please do your self a favor and go eat here! Amazing!Best burrito in the world!!! Trust me!! Tofu is bomb!! Chicken of course try it you will be back every day. I try to go 3 times a week. Healthy and it taste great! I wish they wud get a restaurant so I can go o. The weekends and evenings.This place is amazing! I would say it's easily the best food in New Orleans you can get for under $10 a meal. Get the chicken fattie and it won't disappoint. The owners are also extremely nice and I've always had great service.It's kind of mind boggling that they are producing food this flavorful out of this small trick. But wow. The food is not only flavorful, but absolutely beautiful.Rollin Fatties just catered one of the most awesome weddings ever! From day one this crew was the most courteous and professional bunch we contacted. All the guests, and I mean everyone is still raving about good the food was, and fast, too!! Kudos to such an awesome bunch, bride and groom are 100% pleased with everything they provided. THANK YOU!!This food truck is fantastic!!! Very flavorful, very delicious! If you ever catch it parked it's a must to stop and order something. The burrito bowl is delicious! Definitely recommend!Awesome owners. Pleasant & welcoming. Food is fresh, hot & tasty. Give them a try, they will not disappoint. Fish fattie was delicious! The perfect blend of ingredients. I'll be back for sure.Love them! 
Quality food for a great price! Catch them if you can. 
You can tell these guys have a passion for different flavors. They've found a way to create a party in your mouth with basic flavors!This says a lot coming from someone like myself who could eat Mexican food 3 times a day 7 days a week this was easily the best burrito I've had in my life! Very friendly workers who gave us ideas of things to do in the area and AMAZING food. Portion sizes were amazing, the flavor was on point, and all that for $7 in the city! Can't complain I'll make sure to stop by again while I'm hereVEGAN FRIENDLY! I had a massive burrito with bbq tofu, it was filling and fresh! Service was unbelievably fast, even for a food truck. $7 for an out-of-this-world vegan burrito?! Yasssss please!!!Hell yes they get 5 stars. At this food truck they make it like YOU want it .....and it's far far from Burger King. Quick service of great, healthy eats. I get the Fattie Bowl , double jerk chicken, no rice double black beans and light cheese. They make it perfect every time. Rock Star Status guys.I am a Californian Native and we have great street tacos and Mexican Food, but these guys Chicken Tacos May be some of the best I have ever had!!! They were so flavorful and the sauce they put on them is so amazing! DEFINITELY GO TRY THEMShowed up at the location listed and nothing there. Tried calling the number and no answer. Perhaps this place is closed? We were at the location at the time advertised: about 12:30Best food truck!!!!  They are outside of my work every day!  I used to eat it every day but trying to be good and go only once a week!   SO GOOD!!!!   Chicken bowl and nachos are amazing...and the people who work the truck are super friendly!  Great food and great people!!!Interesting food truck name. Rolling fatties...come on lol. Today was my first time trying your food. It was great! My friend told me about you guys last month and she was right. Best fish tacos!  Great price! Fast service! I will come back again and spread the word! Thank uI ate there during my trip to new Orleans. The server was super friendly. I like places that have such good vibes. The food was delicious and affordable. I got a fattie bowl with tofu. I was happy to find that they have a vegetarian option as well.Oh. My. Lawd. Everything they make is delicious. Make sure to get there close to 11, or they may run out of things! I'd love to know what they marinade their chicken in....This is definitely the truck to come to whether you eat meat or not!  I smelled this deliciousness a mile away. I ended up getting the vegan loaded nachos with the bbq tofu, and it is sooooooooo good!  I will definitely be going back before going back to Cali!!!!  If you are here or planning a trip to Nola-don't forget this spot!!!! I also wanted to add that everyone on the truck was very nice especially the young lady taking the orders!  Much love and continued success!So this was my wife's and mine first food truck experience. We had the chicken tacos and the loaded nachos. They both where so good we where lovingly fight over which one we each where going to each, so we shared! We drove three hours to New Orleans so you know it was awesome!!!If you haven't hit this food truck yet, do your tummy a favor and FIND THEM! They have the best food I've ever tasted from a food truck. My absolute favorite are the chicken tacos. OMG! Such a delicious blend of flavors! My co-worker loves the naco bowl. We drive all the way from Magazine St. to Tulane just to enjoy their delicious food. Follow them on Instagram and Facebook. Snap a picture of the food and/or yourself and they'll post it on their page. Wonderful group of folks just feeding the locals! :)I get Rollin Fatties for lunch every Monday before my clinic at Tulane and it is the highlight of my week. I've tried most things on the menu and they are all delicious.This is my favorite food truck in New Orleans! They are fast, delicious, and incredibly friendly. They are consistently courteous and are always concerned about making sure to get your order correct even when you make substitutions. I usually get the Fattie Bowl with tilapia or tofu, but I have never heard a bad word about their other dishes. My only critique is that I wish they offered some sort of sautéed vegetable as a side or addition to their normal dishes. I also highly recommend checking their instagram page for any changes to their hours and location (and to see delicious food!).