Rosa Mezcal was a fantastic experience.  The service was excellent.  Celina was very helpful and excited to teach us about the food and the cuisine.  Although the chefs likely do not have the culinary pedigree of some New Orleans restaurants, the food, although not perfect, is unique and thoughtfully creative.  The atmosphere is fun and has some really nice and unique design elements.  Overall, it was a great experience, and you just want them to succeed and become a small business success story.  Celina was absolutely incredible.  Looking forward to trying the drink menu when they get their liquor license.Update! Oh my what happened? It's still a great spot but something is different! We went a few days ago and everything was off! The charro beans my favorite didn't have the same flavor. The guacamole was a disappointment in comparison to the usual guacamole. It was still good but not great! And Pepsi products! Ahhhh and no tea! What happened to the aqua Fresca?? What happened? Did the cooks change? Owners? I know you got your liquor license congratulations but y'all need to get your groove back! Had to drop a star sorry until next time. 
My new favorite Mexican restaurant! The food is fantastic. The guacamole is perfect I always have to add something not here. The tacos are perfect if you can choose! The Playeros tacos with shrimp bacon cream cheese stuffed jalapeños and more were so yummy! My niece said I don't know what's going on in my mouth but it is awesome! Lol The Pastor tacos are great with the grilled pineapple! I only wish you could have a choice of 3 different tacos as a platter since the selection is so tasty. My favorite side is definitely the charro beans! Has a great flavor and I really think they should put them on the menu as a soup! Last but not least the flan! Oh the flan save some room...it was superb. Prices are really good $15 for the 3 taco platter with two sides. Now these are not the small tortillas that are plaguing many restaurants now! These are regular sized tortillas people with premium ingredients!WOW! Brand New Mexican restaurant on Magazine Street and it is GREAT. Our first indication that it was good was the chips and salsa. You could tell the salsa was homemade and had a great flavor. 
The food was the best Mexican I have had in NOLA and you could tell it was fresh. This is not you run of the mill bland Tex-mex. This food has flavor and is not overly spicy, the flavored are balanced. The Chicken Diablo was chicken topped with spinach and 2 types of cheese and had broccoli and rice as a side.The bbq shrimp tacos had great flavor, as did the charro beans and guacamole. 
We will be returning here. This is the kind of food you crave.The food at rosa mezcal was a step above mediocre. I got the pastor tacos and chicken tortilla soup. Both were great in flavor but portion size left something to be desired. 
My friend got the el macho burrito. The ground beef was something different and very tasty, but the fixings can on the side of the burrito, which was weird and messy. 
The service was fine. We were two of three customers in the restaurant and they were extremely attentive/clearly bored out of their minds. 
One last thing - they don't have their liquor license yet but they're allowing byob. It was fine since there are plenty of places around to grab a beer or margarita and come back. 
Bottom line: I think this place has work to do but definitely has potential. I would definitely give it another try in a month or so.About once a month I get an insatiable craving for mexican food and since Novio and I like to explore we went to a lesser known place which lead us to here. We went during prime happy hour time $2 taco special and $5 margaritas, we just walked in didnt have to wait at all. Nice local, great decor and ambiance. The waitress was fantastic, very attentive and stealthy! The food was better than average, I can't say it was the best ever because I have yet to experience that. Novio and I got pretty accquainted with Jose Cuervo. Overall great time, if you want mexican food and dont want a lot of hastle to get it.OMG!  If you're ever in New Orleans you must stop here!  Delicious raspberry margarita for $5 during happy hour.  The steak tacos are outstanding as well as the pastor.  Phenomenal salsa.  The wait staff is beyond awesome.Great food and the sangria wasn't bad. The bathroom sink doesn't work so forget about wash your hands. A bit pricey for tacos but it was tasty.I'll re-review this place once they get their liquor license. There's definitely some irony in a place called Mezcal that doesn't actually serve it, but I'm sure it's not their fault and they're just waiting for the city to tell them they can legally sell what people can legally drink outside on the sidewalk. I digress.
The best thing about the restaurant is the decor. I love it. It's interesting enough to blow way past tacky and circle back around to being attractive and fun.
The second best thing is the hot sauce they have on the table, the first hot sauce I've had on a restaurant table in New Orleans that actually applied a higher ratio of heat than vinegar. I'm a hot sauce nut, and I'll do some dousing in Crystal or Tabasco if it's right for the dish. But those are not spicy hot sauces, and I don't want them anywhere near my Mexican food.
As for the food, it was hit or miss. The tacos were good, but not outstanding. I had the pork with chicharrones, and the chicharrones actually seemed like bagged pork rinds. It was a good taco concept, and I enjoyed it, but it didn't have the taste and texture of mama's homemade chicharrones (translation for Louisianas - it's the difference between grandmama's cracklin and what you buy off a shelf at the corner store). The sides were mostly good, but one, the charred onions, were fibrous and inedible.
The worst part about the meal, though, were the taco tortillas. They were blue. And I don't mean blue corn, blue. I mean like bright, blue-green blue. Like Florida Marlins teal. Like, this is not the color of food in the real world blue. Like I don't really want to eat this blue. Not that it stopped me, mind you. But I wish it was just a normal-colored taco.I've been here a couple times and the service has been excellent. Taco Tuesday offers $2 tacos and $3 margaritas. It's an easy place to walk into and get flavorful Mexican food with a very nice staff to serve you.Best tacos in New Orleans!!!! Cool vibe and a wonderful staff! Great addition to the neighborhood!!!Since this is a newcomer I wish it would have been better. Unfortunately it was lousy food. 
The chips were fried with an oil that made me sick to my stomach. The enchiladas should have been called enchilada since there was only one of them. Tacos were 3/5 quality.Loving this place. Already making plans to come back. The taco red salsa reminds me of my dad's. my favorite salsa in New Orleans this far. Service is good/welcoming/friendly, the owner is genuine, & the food is great!!!I absolutely  love this place! There isn't another like it in the city. You can really tell that the owner put his all into this restaurant. We often go for lunch and get nothing less than quality service. The staff is very attentive and makes sure that your expectations are met. My husband even loves this place not to mention the margaritas are absolutely amazing! The happy hour is awesome. If you haven't checked them out. You should really do it!Hands down the best Mexican food I have had in this city! The food is always delicious and the drinks are equally good! Can't beat a $2 happy hour taco either. Don't be afraid to step away from the traditional margarita and try one of the cocktails... you will not be disappointed!My girlfriend and I came here from Austin Tx. Let me start by saying Texas is hard to compete with when it comes to Mexican Food. However, Rosa Mezcal on Magazine St in New Orleans was by far up there with the best in Texas. 
As soon as I walked in, I was put in a good mood by the fun and festive atmosphere inside. The people were friendly and the food was fantastic. Nothing that I had was bad, and if I were to recommend anything, it would be the white queso dip. 
We will definitely be making a return visit next time we are in town.I was craving Mexican when we stopped into this place for a quick lunch.
We were here at about 3, so there was really no one here which was fine with me. The waitress dropped off some complimentary chips and salsa, which was surprisingly good. We also got some queso which was just incredible. In fact, I might go so far as to say that it might be in the running for the best queso in NOLA.
For my entree, I got the a la carte burrito and flauta. The burrito was HUGE and came packed with carnitas and topped with queso. The flauta also had carnitas in it, but it was disappointing. It wasn't that packed with meat and the meat fell out when I took a bite. The burrito was more than enough for a lunch and for $7 you really can't beat it.
I liked this place so much that I found myself wishing I lived closer to it. It was a great lunch and I'll be back.Oh my goodness, the food here is so good.  Great chips and salsa, great rice like mama used to make tasty and fluffy delicious, un real churro beans black and wet seasoned perfectly. The tacos we had grilled pork seasoned perfectly again with bits of pineapple and cilantro. The tacos were great but the tortillas were sky blue, kind of synthetic.The attention clever, the sinks in the rest room are cooking pots. The service great.It was our first time here because we really wanted to try the mezcal. I've never had it before and this restaurant has many choices of it. Definitely did not disappoint. I tried the gracias dios which was the house Mezcal. They served it on this type of dried fruit and a slice of orange with spice which was pretty neat and very traditional. I came in with 2 other Mexican friends and they even said the food here especially the appetizers (street food) remind them of their home.. This is the MOST authentic Mexican restaurant you can find on Magazine. Everyone was satisfied with their food and the staff was great. They were very attentive and even gave us some freebies (hats, keychains, hackey sacks..). If your on Magazine and you enjoy going to the Rum House like myself you should definitely give this place a try!These are some solid tacos, and the queso is legit to boot.  Once they get their liquor license in the middle of June, it's on like Donkey Kong.  For the next couple of weeks, it's still BYOB.  Come on, Orleans Parish.  Get your life together.Yum...excellent Mexican food, great service, fun atmosphere. Only complaint is that it's BYOB bc they don't have their liquor license yet but there's a market less than a block away if you really need it. Everything we ordered was delicious!Good atmosphere, quality food and service! With so many options in the city you better bring some game to the table and that's what we got on our visit. Solid addition to the LGD!This place is a good bar & decent food.
The staff was friendly & on top of things. Unfortunately, the food was cold, guac was not what it should be & the prices were steep for what we got. 
I would say the staff & cleanliness & atmosphere of these place is what made it from a 2 to 3 stars for me.We live right around the corner from Rosa Mezcal and had dinner there for the first time tonight. It was a delightful experience that I highly recommend. 
1. The food was significantly better than Juans or other Mexican places in New Orleans. I ordered the special (enchiladas verdes in a tomatillo sauce) and my wife got some of their basic tacos (al pastor and fish). For good measure we also got some guacamole with our chips. Uniformly, all of these items were tastier and had better flavors than anything we normally get at Juan's, which is also just down the street. Each of the items a distinct taste that didn't feel like you were just eating the same combination of ingredients in a different form. 
2. The service and ambience are great. From the quirky artwork on the walls to the bus parked in the middle of the restaurant as the bar, it just had a great vibe. It's also in a part of the neighborhood that doesn't tend to get quite as much foot traffic, which means that there isn't a wait to get in. 
3. The prices were reasonable and they have an awesome happy hour. Some of the entrees on the menu are more in the $12-$15 range, but those are pretty hearty meals with two sides included. The happy hour is $2 tacos, which you cannot beat for this kind of quality. 
They are still working on getting their liquor license, but that's great for us since it's significantly cheaper to just bring your own alcohol and we live right around the corner. 
We immediately decided to make this our new go-to Mexican spot in the neighborhood, which is a pretty big deal given how many nights I've walked over to get takeout from Juan's. If you're looking for good food in the neighborhood, we highly recommend this place.I've eaten lunch at Rosa Mezcal quite a few times, and I think it has gone downhill. The food just isn't that flavorful, and always feels like it's missing something. They do however have some great deals - like $2 taco Tuesday and some bangin' lunch specials and happy hours. The decor is fun. Would be a good place to get drunk and eat guacamole with a group of friends.Oh my god never eat here! I have never received such rude service in my life. I totally understand that cinco de mayo is a crazy day for Mexican restaurants but that is no reason to treat customers like crap. There are so many places to eat in the city that you won't get treated horribly. Just go to Juans or arana.The chips and salsa are wonderful as is the queso-- very flavorful & spicy. But then we were let down by the sopa trio-- excellent idea but blandly executed. We ordered the Playeros tacos which were divine-- shrimp, bacon and deep fried cream cheese stuffed jalapeños. Sooooo gooooood. And they do now offers free tap water, which I saw many other reviewers complain about. 
The server was enthusiastic and adorable. She wanted to tell me more than I wanted to hear about the menu but she was good. Knowledge is power, I was just too hungry to humor her.  
Gripe: trying just a tad too hard to be cool. You're not juans, folks. Why are my tacos blue?? I don't need blue dye in my tacos. And the bathroom sink made me mad-- it was so committed to being industrial hip with rudimentary separate valves that I could only alternatively scald or freeze my hands. This was unpleasant. 
Spouse and I are in disagreement on rating-- I say 4, he says 3. I refuse to see this as a sign my marriage is in trouble. Land it at 3.5 people. We will be back.Authentic? Si.
Agua Fresca? Mucho delicioso.
Lunch specials? Perfecto!
Great lunch options, a fun tricked-out bar, and a futbul fans' dream. HUGE screens to watch soccer while enjoying their house-made chips and fantastic salsa. Sad I had to go back to work, but that means I can go back for happy hour! Everything was fresh and while the menu stuck with the traditional, it tasted better than the other Latin food options on that stretch of Magazine.This place was great! We stopped by during their happy hour for  $2 tacos and $2 dollar domestic and Mexican import beer.  Us California folk were extremely surprised. It was especially delicious. We got the carnitas tacos and the fish taco(not part of happy hour) and decided we have to come back later.Really good and fun Mexican place. The tastes are authentico and yum! Good value and friendly people. Looking forward to coming back to sample some mezcals. It's byob right now.Overall terrible experience. Forced $3 Dasani is a joke, as are the dyed tortillas. Service was really awkward. Pastor and Asada were both extremely dry and bland.We came here to hang out at the bar for my birthday and this place ended up being so much fun and delicious. We walked in with our party hats and they welcomed us with open arms. The atmosphere is so fun and the guacamole at this place is out of this world! The drinks are innovative and taste great. We would hands down come here again. This is our new favorite modern Mexican in town. The staff is excellent - don't miss this place!!Wow, Stopped here only because I was driving down Magazine and what an awesome surprise. The waitress was the one of the best waitresses I've ever had. She was always polite and smiling.
The food was really good. Once they get a liquor license I will definitely drive from the Northshore to visit again.Great option to satisfy that hankering for some Mexican food! At first, we were the only people in the whole place around 2pm on a Saturday. By 2:30pm the restaurant was filling up quickly. They had large TVs and a nice sized bar to sit at (full disclosure: they do not serve alcohol YET).
Upon noticing the lack of alcohol on the menu, you may ask yourself, "Why go here when you can get it Mexican/Latino food AND alcohol right down the street?" Well, that's a hard sell, because this is New Orleans and it is, after all, for Livers. Just let me entertain you with some key points that may help you to overlook that major hole in the bar... First, they have applied for their liquor license, so hopefully, we won't have this problem for much longer. Second, I saw a sign that said BYOB, so, for now, you can bring your own margarita, or buy one from Juan's and come here. I love Juan's, though, so I would probably just stay at Juan's unless it was uber crowded... but I am just saying, pick up a beverage from another place "to go"/"to geaux", and the folks at Rosa Mezcal will not be insulted. Third, the food is really darn good. The atmosphere is authentic, the taste is authentic, the menu was authentic, the waiter was authentic-- I never learned Spanish, so I couldn't figure out most of the menu (I got "salsa", "queso", "taco"), and I've not been to Mexico, but the décor reminded me of that animated movie "The Book of Life". So in all, I feel that the place was authentic. 
Another little known fact about me, my sister-in-law is from Mexico (I am a terrible person for knowing zero Spanish). Anyway, when you taste real Mexican cooking, it is on another level. Rosa Mezcal is on point with the flavor and spice! 
We started off with a basket of chips and salsa (first one is on the house, but they didn't charge us for the second one either). We also ordered the queso, because i love cheese. The salsa had a sneaky heat, where you scoop heaps of salsa and chips into your mouth, and when you finally take a second to breathe, your mouth catches fire. That's where the queso comes along and saves the day, putting out the salsa embers and soothing those tastebuds. In addition, I ordered the Chicken and Avocado Wrap from the Daily Specials (you could have gotten steak over chicken), which came with a side of tortilla soup, which also contained chicken. I don't think I have ever had tortilla soup, so its difficult to base it on anything, so when I say it was "soup-erb", it is because it was so cheesy (I really love cheese, and I would marry it), the shredded chicken was perfectly marinated in the broth, and it wasn't spicy like the salsa. Moving on to the wrap, I bit right into it, and it was hot! Temperature hot! How dare they serve me something fresh off the burner! Just kidding, I knew it was made fresh just for me! The chicken was so tender and juicy. The greatest attribute of this wrap, however, was not the chicken; it was not the avocado; it was the jalapeno ranch, and it blew me away. Its a subtle heat because the cool ranch attempts to counteract the jalapeno, and its a match made in heaven. I don't like the really spicy hot kind of food, the highest on that gauge that I will go is medium, and still 90% of the time I stick to mild. My meal was right in between mild and medium, so as Goldilocks might say "it was juuussst right". My fiancé ordered the Tinga Flautas off the Daily Specials menu based on the recommendation of the waiter (who also said everything was good--give that man a raise, boss/chef). I tried to pay attention to how he felt about the flautas, but I was a little too involved with my own food. He cleared his plate, including the side of rice: must have been good!
I really enjoyed myself here, and I know once they start serving margaritas, this will be the new joint for TACO Tuesday (sorry Rum House).
The only thing I disproved of was the can's of soda. I like fountain soda because the rest of the restaurant patrons can't judge you for having three to five refills; its between you and the waiter, and your tablemates. With canned sodas, everyone hears when you pop the top each can...Its just something I am a little self-conscious about...Loved the happy hour tacos. However, if you go gringo style, be aware that they will charge you extra (it's not marked on the menu). Looking forward to coming back once they have their liquor license.Great little place away from the hustle and bustle of the French Quarter. The service was awesome. They truly made us feel like true guests and that their true purpose was to serve us and make sure we had a great dining experience. The prices were excellent. I had to look at the check twice to make sure something wasn't left off. Will definitely return here again.My new favorite Mexican restaurant in town!
Drink: Mezclarita - At first, I was skeptical but Oscar (owner) recommended it so I knew I was in for a treat. From the first sip, I could tell the Mezcal was of good quality. The smokiness was subtle and went well the mixer. It was on point. 
Food: red snapper tacos with guac salad and black beans. The tacos were excellent. Fish wasn't too fishy and tasted fresh. The green tortilla almost seemed home made and not your typical market tortilla. There was a cabbage garnish which paired well. Black beans were typical pot beans. The guac salad consisted of guac, pico de gallo and Mexican sour cream. 
Overall, great vibe and excellent food and drinks. Coming from California and Mexican, I've been waiting for something like this in NOLA for a long time. Definitely coming back.We Luv'd stepping in here. Cerveza draft. MAGAZINE guacamole is a deliteful mix of guacamole, bacon , cilantro & pineapple. Endless fresh chips + salsa. The decor es bueñoEh, didn't say jalapeño ranch dressing on salad, yuck.. Not a lot of beans/ corn in it either,over priced for amount of toppings. 
$2 tacos good price. Also slow to get food. Waiter was super nice though.Started out great, but has been hit or miss ever since. Overpriced for quantity, and lately quality hasn't been great. It would be nice if they had more than one option for salad dressing, as the jalapeño ranch is normally just too hot and prevents you from tasting anything else.
Also, using cold canned corn in the salads is weak, but not draining the liquid off the corn makes salad become a soup. Not good.Sigh. I wanted to like this place. I wanted to LOVE this place. I anxiously waited for its doors to open, and when they did and I finally went for dinner?!!?!?!?!?! 
Meh.
First off, the décor is awesome. There are lots of TV's so I can see myself coming back for some chips to watch some games or something.
Our waiter was....very excited. He really, really, really wanted to take our order. I'm blind as a bat so I could barely read the menu, and I didn't understand what any of the words meant, so it took me a while to be ready.
The homemade chips and salsa are delicious. We ended up with two baskets. We ordered the Tinga (chicken) flautas and a Tinga quesadilla. Both were on the "specials" menu on the back. The flautas were good. Nice and crispy. My chicken quesadilla was a mound of shredded, dry chicken with a little oxaca cheese. Boring. Not yummy. Twice as much as Juan's.
I ended up sending the dilla back and getting the Diablo Puollo at the ownder's suggestion. It was good, sour cream and cheese over spinach and chicken. Wayyy too salty for the average bear, I assume, but it was okay by me. 
The owner explained to us that the tacos are the real specialty of the house and the specials on the back are for dumb idiots who don't know anything about good Mexican food. Okay, he didn't say the last part, but, he did recommend that we come back and try the tacos.
They are $2 from 3-6 pm every day, so I may try that. 
I really want this place to succeed, let's hope they can get it going in there.Great find! I'm staying up the street and stumbled onto this place. Love the decor, especially the bus made into a bar!. But also the benches with pillows. Food was great. Yummy salsa!First the positives: good service and cool decor.  Nuf said. 
Now the not so good:  I have come to expect mostly mediocre Mexican food in this city but the sad burrito I had for lunch was just too much to bear.  Note, I didnt get beans in the burrito since I don't like them so perhaps some bean-loving diners will have a different (more positive?) experiance. But my burrito was constructed with tasteless pork and box mix rice in a middle-aisle tortilla covered in watery queso.  It looked like a sad blob fish that had depressingly consented to be eaten. 
I can't say that I plan on ever going back. Pity.Not bad..margs were okay. I got the Flaka taco (all veggies) and it was decent..a little too much salt. I loved the blue corn tortilla! Waitress was very friendly and kind. I'd come back again to try some more tacos. The prices are great.Still in search of good Mexican food in New Orleans, but Rosa's is close. 
Let's start with first impressions. 
Saturday, 3pm.. no one in the place. As soon as I break the plane, the server comes up and says "can I help you?" I say, "yes, tacos"? He then says "I have to tell you we don't serve alcohol". I say, ok. He leads me to a tiny table in front of the window. Ok, it's just me, so I take the seat looking out Magazine St. Asks if I want water or tea. I get the menu and chips and salsa. The prices seem kind of high, so I decided to stick to basic tacos just to try the place out. 
THE FOOD:
The chips and salsa were good. At least they make their own chips here. Salsa had some heat, some flavor, but it's pureed to death. 
I got a lengua  (tongue) and a pastor taco. Rice and beans sides. 
The plate comes and geezz, could it be more 80's plating???  A gold colored tin plate with this taco holder (to hold them upright), rice and beans come in these individual little bowls. Not a fan. 
The pastor taco is tasty, and has little chunks of pineapple. I like it. There is a little cup of another hot sauce and I ask for jalapeño  (they have them..yay!!). With the semi-smoky hot sauce,  this is a good taco. 
The lengua taco... the meat was kind of dark and didn't have a lot of flavor. Might have been baked, or reheated tongue meat, can't tell. Cilantro and onion..traditional.  Although the cilantro didn't have a lot of taste to it. 
The food was 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding down. Being the only one in there, I would expect someone to come around at least once to see if I needed anything. At some point, the server comes up with the bill in this little cup and says he'll take it when I'm ready. 
I was mid-bite. 
Anyway, might be a take out place for me, because it's close by.I often visit New Orleans from San Diego, and I am very wary of eating Mexican food this far away from Mexico!  I took a chance on this place because I'm staying nearby and they were having $2 tacos during happy hour.  Imagine my surprise to find the real deal right down the street!  I went twice and ordered the carnitas tacos each time, and they were excellent.  Oscar and his staff are very friendly and attentive, and the decor is fun.  I don't drink alcohol, but I can tell you that they now have a full bar.  Highly recommended!Much better than other reviewers had led me to believe! The food was great, the atmosphere was really neat and the wait staff were extremely attentive. We had a large group of about 15-20 people and there were no snags whatsoever. The only thing is that you have to bring your own drinks or grab one down the street.. they did pour our wine for us and they had wine glasses. Great family place.This place can't handle large crowds. They where not prepare for Cinco de Mayo. My food was cold it was the worst serviceWow. tasty!!!  They know how to make a burrito!!!  Not dry over cooked like some places.  The tortilla soup was smashing!!  Nothing boring here!  Great interior.  Well done. Bring me the MezcalMy new favorite Mexican restaurant! The food is fantastic. The guacamole is perfect I always have to add something not here. The tacos are perfect if you can choose! The Playeros tacos with shrimp bacon cream cheese stuffed jalapeños and more were so yummy! My niece said I don't know what's going on in my mouth but it is awesome! Lol The Pastor tacos are great with the grilled pineapple! I only wish you could have a choice of 3 different tacos as a platter since the selection is so tasty. My favorite side is definitely the charro beans! Has a great flavor and I really think they should put them on the menu as a soup! Last but not least the flan! Oh the flan save some room...it was superb. Prices are really good $15 for the 3 taco platter with two sides. Now these are not the small tortillas that are plaguing many restaurants now! These are regular sized tortillas people with premium ingredients!This new Mexican spot on the hip side of Magazine Street is cheery and colorful as you walk in but the cheer dims as soon as you ask for your Margarita. The absence of a liquor license can certainly be forgiven for the 60 day young restaurant.
The sampler platter was average at best. The tacos were unimpressive.  Try the chips and quesos. They were yummy. Then bring lots of BYOB tequila to wash the rest down.Maybe the most authentic Mexican restaurant in New Orleans. With excellent service and music, of course it is not as Felipe's for example but the quality and ambience counts for it.I'm updating my review to 5 stars. I went last night for Cinco de Mayo thinking that due to the lack of a liquor license no one would want to go! I was wrong! The place was packed. It is BYO, and that really changed the game for me. There really aren't many (if any) BYO spots in the area. We brought margaritas from another bar in. We did help ourselves to a table because the servers looked frazzled, and no one was up front to seat people. There was a group of about 30 underage college kids waiting for a table, which they would still be waiting for even after we left. You can't just show up 30 deep kids. Anyway, the BYO is actually so great that I hope they don't get a liquor license (so selfish of me). Our neighboring diners brought a bottle of Mezcal and shared it with us in the joyous spirit of Cinco de Mayo. The manager enjoyed the fun our group and our new Mezcal friends brought to the place. He honked the horn on the truck that is the bar get the rest of the bar excited but we were the only ones cheering... Everyone else looked confused and underage... The food was just as delicious as the first time! The sides are phenomenal. Again, I went with tortilla soup, and I got bacon wrapped shrimp tacos, and a side of the onions. The onions are amazing but don't order them if you don't like onions. I think this place will become a once a week stop on our dining escapades! I had a great time and the food is killer! Love it!Great service with excellent authentic Mexican food on Magazine street! Make sure to come in for the tacos. Very delicious! I was also impressed by the homemade flan. It is byob currently so bring in some beers or tequila. The owner is wonderful! I'll be back!Very good. If you like spicy as we do you can ask VB to have the dish's heat increased....so goodThe food is amazing! The blue corn soft tacos are all amazing. It is BYOB  at the moment and we brought tequila and the margaritas are amazing! The queso and salsa are also amazing! 
Service is awesome too! Can't wait to go back! We went twice this week!A Taceaux Tuesday that cannot be ignored! Skip the lines of Rum House and enjoy simple, authentic street tacos for $2 a piece and $5 delicioso margaritas (with real guava or pineapple or whatever you choose juice!) and $2 birras. And when I say Taceaux Tuesday... I mean every weekday from 3-7pm.  ¡Sí Señorita!  Also WATCH OUT for the Diablo hot sauce. They make their own hot sauce sides here which are legit but ask for the spicier stuff. Muy celiente. My "tough tongue" native NOLA pals were hilariously surprised and accidentally doused their tacos in it. I preferred the habañero, slightly-less-spicy sauce. Can't wait to come back for awesome prices and authentic grub. Not to mention the bar is a truck.And The Lord did smile upon Rosa Mezcal, pulled some strings in City Hall, and a liquor license was granted.Get the fish tacos. They're the best in town, maybe the best you'll ever have. The shredded chicken taco was the least tasty, but my husband really liked the Al Pastor. Fun, lively atmosphere. Really great staff--friendly, attentive, efficient. 
I was really looking forward to the Queso, but I was underwhelmed. Very thick variety. 
But, the tacos are definitely worth returning for!Yet another mediocre Mexican place on Magazine where there are already too many Mexican places adding to the already overly crowded number of mediocre Mexican restaurants in the area.  The interior is interesting and they have done a unique theme inside while their tables are more form than function being a bit slippery on top but highly decorated.  The menu continued the theme of form over function as the print the menu was written in literally stabbed my eyes and was painful to read so it was hard to decipher what the offerings were. Their enchilada was not at all what you usually expect from an enchilada while their tacos were nice with generous slices of avocado.  The salsa that comes with the chips is very thin and watery along with the fact it could definitely use some spice kick. For the prices there are just many better places to go.  I'd stick with the taco happy hour and before or after that still just stick with the tacos.snooze-fest. 
GREAT decor, but I'm here for the food, which is wrong in so many ways:
tortillas are dyed flourescent turquoise blue...yuk. 
The chips were fried in rancid oil...triple yuk. 
The lamb dish was so DRY, nothing could save it, not even the soupy bowl of bean stuff it came with...nor the huge barely cooked giant green onion (this was NOT a lovely sweet cebollita, folks). 
The blue tacos were just OK.  The only decent thing on the menu was the tortilla soup-very salty, but I like my soup that way. 
I hope they get their food act together, or get their liquor license so that people get so loaded they THINK the food is good. 
Oh, and there are no bargains on this menu...Love this place. We have eaten there twice and had great food and service both times. I can't wait for them to get their liquor license for some tasty beverages.As a local and die hard fan of supporting my local restaurants, I must say, Rosa Mezcal is on the top of my list, for a number of reasons. First of all, the staff and owner are some of the most caring and attentive I've ever seen. They really care about making sure you have not just a good experience, but a great one. Secondly, the decor of this place makes me feel as if I'm in a Mexican Wonderland. The truck bar, and all the little decor details fascinate me.  If you're a soccer fan, this is your spot, as they have international soccer games on all the time. 
Now let's talk about la comida. As a Latino, I 100% approve of their queso dip. This is my favorite queso dip in the whole city. My tip: take some queso dip on a chip then dip it in their complimentary salsa for an extra kick... so delicious. If the queso gets cold before you finish eating it, as is usually the case with the larger order, they will gladly reheat it for you. The tacos are superb. All of them. Make sure you're hungry, because you get your money's worth of food here. 
Lastly, I have to mention this. After a few visits, I started talking with the owner more and asked why he did not offer "Elote Loco" also known as "Crazy Mexican Corn". This is a street favorite in Mexico - corn on the cob with butter, mayo, parmesean cheese, cayenne pepper and a touch of sea salt served with a lime wedge (optional: cilantro). He said, this particular appetizer style dish was not well known enough or requested enough to be on the menu. Logistically, it would not make sense for him to add it to the menu. Nonetheless, he noticed I was a loyal and regular customer, so he offered to make it for me one day, as long as I called him a day or so in advance for him to make it for me. Soon afterwards, I happily too him up on his offer, two or three times now and it was pretty spectacular. Certainly did not disappoint. So, now I'm kind of on a mission! I believe this would make a great appetizer but he needs demand! So, I'm telling you to DEMAND THE CRAZY MEXICAN CORN!!! Lol. Hopefully, enough locals will read this and request this enough for it to be on the menu. 
Overall, this is a local gem that has truly earned 5 stars from me. Small or large groups would benefit from the intimate environment for a celebratory event. Romantic dates have the perfect setting if seated in the in cozy window booths. Eating alone? The bar is a great spot to hang out as I've done several times. 
Oh, and one more thing. As a very light drinker, I have to say, I really like the flavors of their Mezcal drinks. I don't even know what to order. I just tell the bartenders what I do and do not like and again, no disappointment there. 
Conclusively, dear locals and tourists, I certainly hope you give this place a try!
Hasta la vista!What an excellent experience!  Great food, great drinks and really nice atmosphere. Excellent service!  Will definitely be back on my next visit to NOLO! Absolutely loved it!Well it's been awhile since I have ha legit tacos and this place delivered.  Never thought anyone would beat my little ya o spot in Santa Rosa but damn they did!This was a good experience overall.  The positives were the service and tastes.  We got take out of two different taco platters.  Both were good with fresh shrimp.  That's a big positive.   The negative is the "blue corn tortilla", which while it tastes fine as a typical factory made corn tortilla, isnt a tortilla made from blue corn.  Ive never seen anything like it and I almost didn't eat it.   It's just a regular factory made tortilla that has been dyed a neon weird tealish bright little kid food color tye dyed blue.    It's  a very big negative as the color is so distracting and unappealing  that i could only eat these in the dark. Ewww.  Its that unpleasant.  The other complaint is that its a little pricey for what you get, but that's not a big deal.  The water issue is a problem.  The staff us obviously instructed to make up for a lack of a liquor licence.    That was not so great.I was craving some really authentic Mexican food, so I asked some of my Hispanic friends to help me find some and they suggested this location. 
It was SUPREME! I had a chance to chat with the owner and he grew up in Cancun, Mexico. He suggested some really great mezcal and dishes
Overall enjoyed the entire experience and I really hope this business grows!Rosa Mezcal has a bright, teal & pink exterior and a Mexican wrestling interior decor. I ordered the Apache (steak soft tacos on blue corn shells, with melted cheese and sliced mushrooms; a big green pepper, bean soup, and Mexican rice). Chips and red salsa were served as a free appetizer. This meal was just absolutely delicious. $14.95, plus tax & tip. RJTI love this place! The decor is very unique  and the bar that is made out of an old truck is very very cool. The chips are fresh in the salsa is good. Prices are fair. It is more of a traditional Mexican place get the taco lunch special with chicken Tinga or try their specials.  I have only eaten here twice and both meals were fantastic including the black bean side. And tortilla soup. My one complaint is that service is sometimes a little slow but it's still worth checking out and I think it's better than Juans Flying Burrito which is very overrated to me.Rosa Mezcal is a new-ish taco place on my street, and I've been talking about trying it since they opened. Last night, we finally made it on a late-night date night. 
-The restaurant is still waiting for its liquor license, so as of this writing they are still BYOB. There is a convenience store a few doors down where you can buy Tecate and Modelo, which go great with tacos. 
-The items on the menu are a bit pricey ( $10-$20/entrée), especially for Mexican food. I ordered the Mezcaleros tacos trio (red snapper, avocado, red cabbage, and lettuce in blue corn tortillas, $16.95) with sides of refried beans and guacamole salad; my boyfriend got the Apache tacos (Carne asada with roasted jalapeños, $15.95) with a side of Charro beans. Our meals came quickly, were incredibly filling and delicious, and the first basket of chips and deliciously spicy fire-roasted homemade salsa were on the house! 
- The ambiance is casual but both date-friendly and kid-friendly; the decor is pretty awesome, including an old VW van that's been repurposed as a bar and a Dia de Los Muertos skeleton riding a bicycle hanging from the ceiling. The walls are brightly colored, the lights are dim and warm, and the tables are decoupaged with old luchador trading cards. The whole place is warm, colorful, inviting, casual, and feels like you could come in and stay a while. 
-Overall, I was very impressed. I only deducted one star because of the pricing; I grew up in an area with a large Latino population and always had cheap, delicious Mexican food as a result. Still, I hear Rosa Mezcal has a great happy hour ($2 tacos), so I may just have to rewrite this review once I've tried it!I had fish ceviche and stake and eggs. The ceviche was delicious! The stake and eggs were good as expected. The side rice reminded me of my grandmothers yellow rice - loved it. Service was good and the place had a good atmosphere. Only thing missing is the license to sell alcohol. I will return.Great atmosphere, really good food, and great service.  The only downside that I see is the salsa was a little watery BUT still had good flavor. Prices at lunch was pretty comparable to everywhere else in New Orleans.I've only been once, but Rosa Mezcal seemed like solid Mexican fare. The dinner menu is too pricey, but the lunch prices are reasonable and the food is good. The atmosphere and service are also both excellent. Presently the restaurant is BYOB, which is an opportunity to save money on drinks (at least for now). A solid pick.BETTER THAN ARAÑA, WORSE THAN IZZO'S
As any local will tell you, Mexican food here has come a long way. Back in the 80s we compromised for mundane ingredients, over-cooked meat, and a total lack of heat at Cuco's on S. Carrolton. Rosa Mezcal is a Cuco's redux.
HOW IS THIS NEWBIE EVER GOING TO COMPETE?
(Look at my pics). The sad unadorned tacos are up against Rum House, Taceaux Loceaux, Sarita's and Felipe's. The complicated and somewhat pricey menu has to vie with Juan's Flying Burrito and Casa Borrega just blocks away. The $13 dismal substandard sampler platter is half the size of the excellent $17 version at Superior Grill. And none can compete with Taqueria Guerrero for authenticity at an affordable price.
BUT FOR $4 YOU CAN'T BEAT THEIR CHIPS & QUESO!
The fry at Rosa Mezcal is its strong suit. To me their chips and queso are among the best in the city (way better than Johnny Sanchez). I'd love it if they specialized in fried puffed tacos. That would be a unique addition to this crowded niche.Eek... Having a hard time because they're new and the guys seemed nice. Our waitress was really intense.
We asked for water. She brought out plastic dasani water bottles, which they bring to every table and charge you for without telling you.
She said she'd bring us tapwater, but her boss would be mad if he saw her.
If you wanna be fancy and only serve bottled water- then tell your customers and don't serve crappy water. Strike.
Corn taco shells are dyed blue. This is not  cool at all. I don't want dye in my paper or my hair or my drinks let alone my taco shells. This is not blue corn. It's bright blue dye. No bueno.
Carne asada was dry. Carnitas was dry. Beans were refried only. Rice was flavorless. Food was overpriced. 
The menu was hard to understand and our waitress was totally misleading and joked about it. 
When you are a new restaurant in New Orleans you gotta hit the ground running. Juan's is right down the street and tastes more authentic than this, and that is creole mex. 
I'm worried about this place. Will try one more time because they seemed so nice but it was pretty bad.I cannot tell you how fabulous the food is here. The blue corn tortillas are to die for, and the variety of specialty tacos is really exciting, engaging, and delicious. Margaritas are good too, and they advertise a really appealing happy hour!! Can't wait to get there in time for cheap margaritas and tacos. The owner is super friendly and fun too. Would highly recommend this place!! Thanks!Cute spot and the food was good. I ordered a guava margarita and it was delicious. The tacos were good and free chips and salsa. I'll be back!I cannot say enough good things about this place. Clearly, I'm not bothered by dye in my tortillas. Turquoise is prettier than regular maize blue. Also, I'll bet most of those nasty nay-sayers ate fruit loops among many other dyed foods growing up, and they're still here to gripe about petty things. 
First, the service. I know they're new, so they're on top of their game. And, okay, maybe Brittany (forgive me if I've misspelled your name, dear) has waited on us both times. She's a doll. And everyone else checks in periodically as they're passing by. Friendly and attentive. And accommodating. The first time we went in I was jonesing for a taco salad. Not really on the menu. Totally made me one. 
Which brings us to food. That taco salad actually really hit the spot. The shredded chicken had loads of flavor, and the salad had pretty much all the necessities. Topped of with their La Diabla sauce... Yum! (Be warned. This sauce is not for you New Orleanians who think a dash of Tabasco makes something hot. The sauce packs good heat. Not the hottest I've had, bc I'm a nut and like ghost chilies and Thai the way the Thai eat Thai. But good heat.) the second time I went I got some grilled chicken dish. Pollo something, obviously. Topped with chipotle bacon, spinach, and two cheeses. This dish bursts with flavor. The chicken was a tad dry, as was the meat of my friends dish the first time we went. But this is the only flaw I've found, and the flavor tends to hide it pretty darn well. 
Maybe a little pricy. But it's Magazine. What isn't? This isn't some lousy chain in Kennairie. It's worth it. 
I just can't wait until their liquor license is acquired. I might move in then. :)Food was just meh. Have had better tacos roadside. But the server Emily was extra sweet and funny. She made the entire day. I'd go again just for her. The best thing was happy hour pricing. Made it even more enjoyable. So In all good food great location and atmosphere. I recommend going bc of the price point and ambience. I'll be back.Definitely the best Mexican/texmex in the city. The rice and beans aren't just your run of the mill side, they're a part of the meal. Everything I've had here is amazing and can't wait for them to become a staple of New Orleans. They deserve it.