This hotel seems very nice in the lobby, but the rooms are sub-par. Ours was located on the 5th floors right next to the elevator with a very small window overlooking the court yard. It smelled like a basement. The only positive things I can say was the pillows were fantastic and the lady who came for turn down service was very sweet. 
I think this hotel needs to instill some sort of quiet hours if it wants to set themselves in the genre of classy. Having drunk frat guys making there presence know at all hours of the night is ridiculous. 
I also found out after our stay that my husband had requested a bottle of champagne to the room that was never brought. When he questioned it at check out the lady at the front desk was very rude and dismissive. 
I will never stay here again and I will recommend to my friends the same.I got this deal on hotwire great price, great location, and would definitely stay again.Understand first that this was a party trip with some buddies so I am reviewing the hotel a little differently than I might have if I was with the family. If you can, get a room with a patio overlooking Bourbon St, just part of the experience. Room was clean, maybe a little small but it didn't matter because we spent very little time in the room. The hotel is centrally located, has a great bar/lounge with live music and is connected to Desire restaurant which is very solid. If your room is on Bourbon, it can be pretty loud but with enough libations, falling asleep was never an issue. I don't know about all of the staff but those I interracted with most (bartenders and night security) were awesome. Came back to the hotel one night and Trombone Shorty was tearing up the lounge - unbelievable to walk into the middle of that. Pool area looked nice but never swam. Great place for adult trip to NOLA. If you have the chance, checkout Lafittes Blacksmith Shop a few blocks down Bourbon. 200yr old bar lit with candles and great piano player - a must see for tourists.The 3rd floor King Room had a balcony on the side overlooking Bienville. The hotel has lived up to its reputation.  The staff is friendly and incredibly helpful.  The only issue we had is that the bed dipped in the middle.  We alerted the staff and issue was resolved.  I would stay here again in a heartbeat!A group of 12 girls and I came here for a Bachelorette party and had a two bedroom interior balcony suite and it was AMAZING! 
Unfortunately, I don't have any pictures of the suite because things got a little crazy Saturday night and I lost my phone. But, the parlor room was so perfect. It was HUGE and probably bigger than both of the rooms combined. It had a bar area, two couches (one of those being a pull out), and a bathroom with double sinks, glass shower, and a bathtub. Opening the french doors to over look the pool just added to all of the pluses. 
The staff was so friendly and so much FUN. One of the managers, Danielle, was hilarious and told us to let her know if we needed anything. The concierge, front desk, and bell men were all so helpful and friendly. 
This was also the perfect location on Bourbon street. With so many girls running around like crazy, this was so easy to stumble back to in case anyone got left behind. It  is not the cheapest place to stay in New Orleans, but it is def worth every penny. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a nice place to stay in New Orleans!The staff were exceptionally courteous (the front desk for check-in could follow suit with personality more though). The hotel was very clean, especially the rooms, and nothing was taken/stolen during cleaning when we were gone. There was a locked mini bar and a safe located in the room but no fridge. The restaurants and cafe were great to match the service of its hotel. We stayed here for our anniversary and recommend it to anyone looking for a great location, and great place to stay on Bourbon! I could have gave it 5 but the manager said a complimentary bottle of champagne would be in our room but we never received it for our special day. Nevertheless it's a great stay!Place looks nice but really isn't. The rooms are low quality and small. 
Our toilet is the same as a toilet from a Seven Eleven. Our window is cracked as well.
They charge you to park your car as well. In my opinion when you pay $200+ for a room parking should be free.Simply the best stay you will ever have in the French Quarter.
  The Royal Sonesta is conveniently located off Bourbon Street and right near everything you want to see or do.
  The staff and employees are the most detailed and positive people you will visit while in N'Orleans. 
  I will have to say that Jabari was the most dedicated door man that you could meet on a daily basis. He was always attentive with a smile, a greeting, or a quick bit of information to get you what you needed around town.
  Each day I went out of my way to greet him and thank him for helping, he always went out of his way to ensure that it was "no problem."
  This was our first stay at the Royal Sonesta, I personally have stayed in other hotels, but this place has won me over; I will be coming back.
  The rooms were cleaned with care, the beds had fresh linens daily, there was never an issue with amenities that could not be resolved. 
  For instance, we had a bulb burn out moments after we were in our room. Without pause or hesitation it was taken care of. All I simply wanted to do was inform them to attend to it at the leisure since we were not going to be there often anyways.. that was not good enough, they addressed it with urgent care. Wow, all for a light bulb! I am confident that if I required any additional services they would have responded the same.
  It is such a contrast when you stay  there. The marble hallls, crystal light fixtures, water fountains in the lobby... all about 12 ft away from the loud noises of Bourbon street.. something you just do not expect.. but it is a welcome place when you spent most of the day carousing the area on foot, or coming in from a good night of jazz clubs and drinks.
  The Royal Sonesta is simply a great place to stay at while visiting the French Quarter.
  *Note* As you would expect, the parking is VERY TIGHT, so leave your big vehicles at home.. if you need to bring a big vehicle or have concerns about parking.. use the Valet, they will take care of you. For our mini-van parking was about $36 a day, but worth every penny for security and convenience in the Hotel.Ok my 4 stars are a little more biased than usual. First off, this hotel IS pet friendly. I mean they don't just accept dogs in the rooms, the staff are very friendly around the animals. Getting to the hotel with GPS was a breeze, but it took a couple seconds to figure out that there is an underground parking garage. It was a little scary and cramped for me and my family at first because we were towing a 4x8 Uhaul, but the hotel found a great parking space for me. The hotel is an older one, but it is decently maintained. The one thing that the Sonesta truly shines in is the food. I called in some room service for dinner and breakfast, and both times blew us away. Now if you're in New Orleans, chances are you wont' be checking out the cuisine of a hotel (Why?!?), but in our case our 3 yr old was sick and we couldn't venture out too much. This hotel had everything we needed, and a great staff to get it to us. All in all I give a solid 4 stars for staff, and service. The room was a bit small, the toilet had too much flush pressure so the water would spray out on every flush even with the lid down, and the thermostat was a little tricky. 4 solid stars though.hulamom and i stayed here during her birthday jaunt and it was actually pretty lovely.  the location is pretty good, especially if you're a newbie and you don't ever want to leave the quarter.  commander's palace (hulamom's fave) was booked her b'day night but the concierge got us in...and added a free bottle of bubbly.  yay, royal sonesta!  plus there were rolling blackouts (it was july, y'all) and they loaded us up with lightsticks on our way back in every night.  very thoughtful!Wish there was an option for ONE STAR. An epic disappointment on my wedding weekend. To be continued...Ok. Room was nice but nothing special. They are in the middle of renovations so I'm  sure it will be nicer soon. Staff was very nice. I prefer to be further east towards Frenchman St but this was a nice place to stay.Last weekend I had an incredible weekend in New Orleans with my family. The amenities are great, but even with the Expedia package deal on flight/hotel, I gasped at the price for the room we had. After considering the hotel's location in the French Quarter, it makes a lot of sense though, and turned to be worth it. It's walking distance from The Court of Two Sisters, Cafe du Monde, and many local shops I enjoyed browsing, including a wonderful knitting shop called the Quarter Stitch. Harrah's is a couple of blocks away and if you're not up for walking, there is a cab stand on the corner.
Since this hotel encompasses an entire city block, it is home to a gift shop, a couple of restaurants including the lovely Begue's, as well as multiple bars. At the Mystick Den we saw an amazing jazz show featuring vocalist Betty Shirley. If she's playing, do not miss her.
Dear families, I've heard that if you stay on a room that faces out to Bourbon Street on the weekends, it can be quite loud. We were lucky to get an inside room facing the courtyard and pool. There's no reason not to go to New Orleans these days. Bring the commerce back!The Royal Sonesta New Orleans is well located (try to get a room overlooking the pool). The rooms are attractive and well equipped.  But the real star of this hotel is the AMAZING JAZZ LOUNGE DOWNSTAIRS. The staff are amazing. Janeen is a gem as are the entire lovely staff. The quality of the talent in the Jazz lounge makes the rates bearable. Attended Jazz fest for both weekends and it was a perfect choice.  If you love the option of great talent right in your hotel with thee best service five stars.CAJUN Bloody Mary's! I have to write this because I searched yelp up and down for a true bloody mary on Bourbon St. Finally I came across this place by accident, with pickled green beans. LOVE LOVE LOVE.This is a really great hotel.  First class service and most of all the best location on Bourbon street.  Parking is very expensive, be forewarned.Awesome hotel for events, especially if you're a bunch of dudes, or a couple in town to party. If you insist on staying on Bourbon Street (as we did for my bachelor party), this is a great option. You're in the middle of it all, with classically trashy joints across the street as a bonus (if you're facing Bourbon): Stiletto's, etc.
The rooms are very nice (we had a suite on the third floor). The lobby and much of the hotel are elegant, well appointed, and pleasant to the nose...a contrast to and escape from the madness of Bourbon Street for those times you're looking for a break. If you get a room with a balcony, you'll feel like the King (or Queen, as it were) of Mardi Gras.
There's a nice pool area on the third floor. It gets full so come early if you want a chair. Bar service seemed spotty but we didn't really partake (mostly BYOB and going out). Internet was equally spotty, but that's life in the hotel. The sports bar/grill attached to the hotel, "Le Booze" (YES), had good food and drink specials, and I was able to watch the Euro in the comfort of American soccer apathy. Kermit Ruffins threw a party in the suite directly below us on 4th of July, which was pretty amazing.
Only cons I can think of were the front desk check-in service, which was agonizingly slow (that could have been a quirk); and the level of noise. If you're in New Orleans to catch Zzzzs, either get an inner-facing room, or consider other options. If you're here to "rage," on the other hand, you're in the right place.This place is perfect if you are wanting to stay on Bourbon and the staff is very nice the man that came to get our bags (Coop) was great! They are in the middle of renovations which is needed our rooms was starting to show its age but was very clean and I had no problem with it. This place was just not my kind of hotel I prefer the smaller hotels away from Bourboun...had to stay here for work. This hotel is great if you want to party on Bourboun all night nad have your bed not that far away. I also found that even though there was a ton of noise outside the rooms were actually pretty quite.I loved everything about this hotel! The staff is super friendly and they really take care of you. It's a beautiful hotel with nicely decorated rooms and comfortable beds! It's walking distance to bars, restaurants, shops, ATM, and the parades pass thru this hotel. Had an awesome stay and would love to come back!Very rude staff... with the bands permission, I took the bands tip jar around to collect tips for the band as homage to the very lovely jazz band. Michael White . I am a musician and for someone in the audience to pass around a tip jar is an honor. I was almost thrown out of this hotel because their "policy"... of that "our policy does not condone that". I was literally escorted out...unbelievable! Absurd.Have been staying here each year for a number of years. They have a renovated section that is so much nicer than what I have experienced in the past.  It is crisp, clean, quality (thick, absorbent towels), extra plugs built into the nightstand. The bath is equally upgraded.  Was a pleasant surpriseI stayed here for a weekend and they made my stay so pleasant. Located in a great spot on Bourbon street, you just get out of the hotel and they party is right outside. We got an upgrade to a bigger and more private room in the back of the hotel, so we could get good sleep while people were still partying at late hours. The upgrade came along with a nice wince happy hour and breakfast Buffett which made it totally worth paying for.Fast check in, comfortable beds, clean rooms, no coffee maker on room :(  , other than that it's a great hotel.
Will stay again.If I could give this 0/5 stars I would. The front desk staff is EXTREMELY RUDE. They are unwilling to help with anything. They overcharge you for everything. Housekeeping threw away some of our personal belongings when they cleaned the room. We ended up moving to a different hotel during the middle of our stay. Stay away from Royal Sonesta!I never in a 1000 years thought I would give a Royal Sonesta a super outstanding rating. Lets face it...they arent a five star hotel nor do they bill themselves that way. In fact we stayed at this particular hotel in December and it was just average, we stayed in the one in Houston in April and it was terrible. 
We decided to stay here again because of its great location and a nice deal we found online. Now dont get me wrong the hotel was never terrible just average. However this time a single staffer made all the difference in the World as she tried to "make us Royal Sonesta People" The young ladies name was Amari and I surly hope that the management sees this and gives this hard working Lady a well deserved pat on the back
Heres what happened...we went to New Orleans for Labor day and to celebrate my Bday. We flew in and actually gotten there pretty early and since we called ahead she already had our room ready, I know what your thinking its all based on availability etc but we stay in a lot of hotels and it surely takes some caring for the desk clerk to go to the extra effort to have it cleaned at 10:30am. 
Well Amari knew from our reservation that we were celebrating a Bday and we had booked a room on the Club Floor. She wished me a Happy Birthday and as we laughed and shared some jokes and pleasantries I teased her about about balloons and birthday cards. She explained that as Birthday guests we will get a free bottle of champaigne and she cracked a sneaky little smile and said she we see what she can do. (Now rememeber we already told her we just arent RS People and we usually prefer The Four Seasons or The W resorts)...according to her she wanted to change that LOL.
We received the champainge that evening as my actual Bday wasnt for 2 more days. We would walk past the front desk and she was always there to say hello and see how we were doing. On the third day of our stay we received a knock at the door to our Suite (Oh BTW she helped orchestrate an additional room upgade) anyway...the man at the door was carrying a half dozen delish petifores and a hand made birthday card! Are you kidding me?! I know this isnt part of the hotels normal hosting...this sweetheart bought them with her own money and handmade the card. I was blown away that she would do such a nice thing. Incredible...
Of course we went down and thanked her...I think she was a little embaressed with the fuss but she deserved it all. 
I dont expect treatment like this all the time but for a hotel employee to go to all that trouble just to make us "Royal Sonesta People" it was wonderful. I will tell you this...when we return to New Orleans from now on this IS our place.
I could go on and on about how pretty the hotel was or how great our suite was but all the props in this review go to Amari!
PS...Hey management, yall better hang on to this one, a competitor might try to do some recruiting!So there was so much that could have been so good here, and it ended up going downhill.
So myself and three others stayed here for the past week. it is a great hotel it seems, and it is in a prime location on Bourbon Street. (in fact, it takes up teh whole 200 block)
Well designed, nice old school class. Tremendous lobby, great facilities, etc.. Beautiful Pool, Nice little garden area with Orange trees, etc.
If you are worried about noise, dont be. We were on the 5th floor,and could not hear a peep from Bourbon Street, even on a Saturday!
The Beds are comfortable, the rooms nice, and amenities everything you would want. 
I love the classy, old school feel in the lobby, with the message wall behind the front desk and more.
So if it was so comfortable, then why only the three stars?
Well, the first is the service. we had 3 incidents. Not 1,Not 2, but THREE (we stayed form Thursday - Thursday - 7 nights)
1. We got food on Saturday night. We called and asked for plates and flatware. They said " sure,we will be right up". They never showed. We called again. They still didnt show. No happy
2. Sunday- room cleaning never came. WE thought, maybe it was because of timing. We were up early to go to the Rock n Roll marathon, and got back around 1, and were in the room till 4. So we figured that maybe, we were in there when they came by... benefit of the doubt..
3. Tuesday - well, again. no house cleaning. But we left early int he morning. And came back in the afternoon. Not cleaned. SO when we left for dinner at 5, we went to the front desk to complain. They said they would have it cleaned so when we got back it would be all set.
Wel, we got back,and it still had not been cleaned. At least they brought us clean towels.
So three distinct service problems that soiled our opinion of an otherwise very nice hotel. It could have been great, t could have been the best, and it could have got me to come back more and more
But it seems they have luxury pretensions and decor without the service to match. I will have to think before staying there again, which is a disappointment.
I would not tell anyone to NOT look at it, but think of what you find important, and take it how you will
ps. twice during our stay the elevators were on the fritz as well. One was not working and the other was malfunctioning.
pps... if you want ot use the pool, and the temps are under 70 degrees, make sure to ask hours before. We were interested in going for a swim in the heated pool in 65 degree temps... but it wasnt on, and were told it would take 4-5 hours to get warmed up!I really love this place 
It's very elegant 
Outstanding food and service 
I tasted a 60 year old whisky for only 300.00 and had an amazing meal 
Will be returning for thanksgiving after  time spent from jazz festThe hotel itself is really nice, clean, quiet ( on the 5th floor) - the staff is very nice and the amenities are good quality. The beds are great. Holding back a star because the location is a little rough, right on bourbon, if you are traveling with young children.The real stars are the staff.  After a long day, we came back, and looked longingly into the jazz club restaurant.  We hesitated, because it was me and a friend and her boy.  And we figured maybe the jazz lounge wasn't for children.  Bryce greeted us and put us at ease, said it was fine if the youngster poked his nose in, and then went even further.. suggesting there was a milk and cookies option.  He promptly walked us in and grabbed us great seats... and before we knew it we were dining on warm homemade cookies and sipping milk and listening to a songstress lull us into the 8pm hour with a simmering rendition of "sentimental journey."  Bryce was truly a star.  We complimented him, as we left, and said his many years in the hotel biz have served him well.  He said, "actually, I'm brand new and I'm a temp."  He's a temp!  And he's a star.  I hope the hotel locks him into a multi-year contract.  Seriously.  He was the quintessence of hospitality -- sincere and highly effective and genuinely eager to make sure the guest was snug as a bug in a rug (or snug as a bug in a jazz club).
On the subject of staff, Andrew at the front desk was also really helpful.Great clean and attached restaurants are amazing. The location is perfect being on bourbon and just a couple blocks from the street cars off Canal. Luckily you can't hear Bourbon St. from inside but you can hear your neighbors through the walls. In all I would recommend the Sonesta as a great clean centrally located stay.I love this hotel. My initial impression wasn't great because the front desk guy was very unpleasant. We had paid for access to the R Club but he neglected to give us the correct key to use for it. It is not uncommon for two women checking into a room with a King bed to receive less than satisfactory service from registration and I am sorry to say this was the case at the Royal Sonesta. But, all other staff were fantastic. Housekeeping, bell captain, R Club assistant Sheri, front doorman, Malcom, were just the nicest and most helpful folks. Also, the Irwin Mayfield Jazz venue is a must. For the price of a cocktail, we heard wonderful tunes from the great James River. Oh, and Desire for food is also highly recommended.The most striking feature outside of the obviously stunning decor is the friendliness of the bell hops, the security guards, and the concierges.  
Love the clean,clean,clean and perfectly maintained lobby,elevator,halls and rooms.  The room was a nice size and the bed very comfortable. 
I was very thankful for the security guards and the obvious concern for the guest safety.  Screening entry at night by requiring a room key of everyone entering, not letting strangers enter.  Wow.  Thank you for looking out for us newbies to the Bourbon environment with this safe haven.  
The crawdads at the pool bar were unbelievably finger licken.  The chicken wrap tasty.  
Having a coffee shop inside the hotel for mornings quick start breakfast, and afternoon caffeine boosts works for me.
The location on Bourbon street makes access to the action perfect.  You walk right out into the crazy , have a good time, and then when you've had enough go back in to the instant relief of calm serene opulence of the Sonesta.  
When I go back,  I'll only stay here.Großes Hotel auf der Bourbon St., welche man sich wie eine Mischung aus Reeperbahn und Ballermann vorstellen kann. Wenn man ein Zimmer zur Straße hin erwischt hat man verloren, es sein denn man geht selbst nie vor 3am ins Bett. Zimmer nach hinten raus oder zum innenhof sind prima, auch Nebenstraße geht. Hotel hat vier Sterne, ist entsprechend unpersönlich bis unhöflich. Typisch amerikanisch hier: May I help you? - Aber wenn man dann wirklich ein Problem hat ist es mit der Freundlichkeit schnell vorbei. Das beste ist noch der Jazzclub in der Bar, der wirklich mit die besten Musiker der Stadt präsentiert. Ansonsten: es gibt nettere Hotels...My entire experience with the Royal Sonesta in New Orleans was a disappointment from booking to check out with the exception of a few nice employees.  I was staying with a group (we had a group block) for a friend's 40th.  The online portal wouldn't allow me to book a room for less than a four night stay and the telephone operators couldn't offer me the group rate either.  I had to call the group sales person four (4) times to get the rate.  Why four times? She doesn't return calls (I tried over a week and did not call her multiple times over the course of a day).  I had to get someone else in the department to handle it.  Several days after I was booked, the person I had been calling finally called and told me I had the wrong rate (at least she got me a cheaper rate).
The top of my comforter had some sort of faded red stain on it (hurricane/fruit punch spill).  It was obvious and should have resulted in the comforter getting tossed.  I expect more when I'm not staying at a Days Inn.  I didn't complain because I had already unpacked and it was a relatively minor issue that I probably would have overlooked if not for what happened.
2nd night there, I left my hotel room around 6 PM to find a room service tray with empty food sitting in the hall.  That tray was still there at 2 AM and 8 AM.  That's right, 14 hours later.  So for those of you that think I'm being petty - hold on to your seats because the incompetence train is rolling into town.  
As I am packing up the morning after night 2, I find my toiletry bag had been moved to behind the towels underneath the vanity.  Why in the world would  someone do that?  Then to top it off, my ziplock bag for my toiletries was  gone.  It was inside my toiletry bag.  I assume that it fell out when housekeeping moved my bag and she decided to throw it out.  Strike 1 (but still minor and I probably would have commented to the registration on check out).
Then I cannot locate my Downy wrinkle spray.  Small bottle, goes in the ziplock bag works wonders taking out wrinkles.  I scoured my room for this spray bottle but couldn't find it.  Strike 2
Now, I am packing my gear and clothes and can't find my heart rate strap that pairs to my Garmin devices.  I had left it draped over my chair on top of my workout clothes so that it could dry.  I literally checked ever part of the room for it.  Couldn't find it anywhere.  However, I did find one of my iPad chargers and apple pencil thrown that I left on my dresser placed into a drawer of one of the nightstands (as you might surmise I didn't put them in there, nor did I put the local magazines that were on my dresser in their either). Neither my iPad nor my two sets of expensive headphones were touched.  Big strike 3
I called for a manager, security came instead.  They were polite, took copious notes, and downloaded the entry logs from the door.
I take what's left of my stuff & leave it in the host's suite (stepping over the room service tray to get there).  I proceed to check out - about 45 minutes after the security guards leave.
At this point I had not been given a summary of charges.  I tell the registration desk host that I wish to speak with the front end manager and I wanted to check-out.   She asked for my room number and said you have charges at (lists 5-7 places int he hotel) and asks is that ok?  I said I need to see the charges but where is the manager.  She said that she didn't hear me ask for the manager and then the other person said that she hadn't either.  I suggested next time they don't use their phones when talking to customers.  She said that the manager will bring a copy of the bill.
A few minutes later the manager, Randy, comes over but without a copy of the bill.  I explained the situation - he asked me how much the heart rate monitor cost and deducted that amount, and only that amount, from the bill.  Not exactly a great move towards satisfying a clearly annoyed customer.
Then I get handed the actual bill.  There are 4 charges on there totaling a little shy of $100 that are for two restaurants, a bar, and a coffee shop that I hadn't been too.  In fact two of the charges were when I was with the party in the suite and a third was when I was half way across town.  I told them that I had to leave for a tour, circled the four questionable charges, and asked them to look into them while I'm gone and refused to check out.  When I returned around 1:30, randy was working the front desk.  He produced two of the receipts - lo & behold - someone was using my name and room.  The signature wasn't close.   Randy immediately removed the charges.  Again, no accommodation was offered.
It's a nice looking hotel, maybe three to four stars but I would never stay here again and caution anyone that does to refuse housekeeping and closely monitor their room charges.
Follow up - GM called me to go over my concerns.  Very gracious call and I appreciated the time he spent with me going over my visit.The only thing I have to say against the Sonesta is, the redo for the bathrooms won't stay on.  Other wise, it's a beautiful place. Oh, the pool is on the third floor.  We did t find it until late yesterday.We stayed at the Royal Sonesta a year ago and it was a fabulous experience. Unfortunately, there have been some management changes for the worst. I wanted to book the Bourbon Balcony suite again, so I called the office. I was told that they no longer do reservations for suites over the phone and to email instead. I emailed the address on website and two days later it bounced back. I called the hotel again, and they gave me a 1800 number. So I called the number. I was unable to get a live person so I left the message. Four days later nothing. After calling two more times, I was told that someone will get back to me. I waited another four days and left my email address. Over a week later, a woman emailed  and said that she would make the reservation, she provided a rate and within five minutes I asked for clarity on the rate--it was three times the rate listed on the website. Another four days go by and a secon associate emailed. I emailed that I wanted to book ASAP, as I type this, nothing. If folks can't get back to you to book a $2,000 suite, it's not worth it.Stayed here for 5 days, 4 nights for Christmas for less than $200/night for a deluxe room. Great value and location. The hotel was gorgeous for the holidays. The service was incredible and the employees are top notch. We got to check in to our rooms early also which was lovely after a red-eye from California. Our room was very nice and quiet (5th level, facing pool). We got a $100 voucher that we were able to use at the jazz club and coffee house which made it even better (the jazz place is one of the best in the city). I would totally recommend it for anyone coming to New Orleans. We were very, very happy with our choice.Super-convenient location, but be ready for incredibly loud music until about 4 am if you stay on Bourbon Street. Obviously, this isn't the hotel's fault.....but the extremely narrow balcony on Bourbon Street is. Great spot, excellent coffee shop, and no complaints about service or quality......just need to widen and connect all balconies.This hotel is on the verge of becoming something very special.  The service is fantastic and the downstairs jazz bar is awesome.  The only area lacking is the guest rooms themselves.  My wife and I have visited this property twice in the last year for weekend getaways and found our room to be quite humid.  When we checked out, the front desk clerk asked about our stay.  When we told her about the humidity issue, she said she can't do anything about the "achitecture".   While I agree she can't fix this issue, others can.  Maybe she could have told somebody?  Maybe a manager or facilities person?  Other than that, I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a true New Orleans experience.Ask for a balcony, the few dollars for the upgrade is worth it.  The last time I was there was a week before Katrina.  At the time they accepted pets and I had my dog with.  They made my stay a memerable one, the staff was welcoming.  The lobby with fine furnishing is controlled after dark.  The location is in the middle of the quarter, you have easy access to all the must visit places all in walking distance.We had a small problem with our room and Mel at the front desk made everything right. Thank you, Mel!Great hotel right on Bourbon St.  Craziness outside the door, sanctuary inside the door.  Remarkably quiet.  Only complaint is that the Internet is so bad -- completely unusable.  I upgraded to get the speed boost, but it is not worth it...  The connection is unstable and intermittent: page loads stall & time out.  Burning through the data on my phone instead.We spent part of our honeymoon here last week for 5 nights. It was our first time in New Orleans and we wanted to experience the real deal. This place is right in the middle of all the French Quartet action! 
Their prices fluctuate almost daily on their website, so if you see a good price one day, don't wait. I made that mistake and almost ended up paying $500 more than I actually ended up paying. I ended up emailing the hotel before purchasing our room and explaining how we really wanted to stay there and that it was our honeymoon and how frustrated I was because the room rate seemed to fluctuate so often and for no apparent reason. Someone named Chris emailed me back and was so awesome and  gave us the lower room rate! Awesome!!!!!
The hotel is very pretty on the inside. You would never guess all the debauchery was going on right outside once you step into this lobby. The staff and bell service guys were all so very nice and professional! The ONLY complaint I have was that housekeeping knocked on our door 2 nights at 10 pm for turn down service. Why would they come that late? Lol. But we would for sure stay here again! We had a great stay!!I loved my stay at the Royal Sonesta! All the staff were friendly, knowledgeable and wonderfully attentive.  The hotel was absolutely gorgeous and its location in French Quarter could not be beat.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  Others have said they were charged for Internet. I was not, so they may have changed their policy (or perhaps it was free for me since I had a group rate since I was there for a conference).  For live jazz and a drink, I only needed to take the elevator down to the lobby to the Irving Mayfield's Jazz Playhouse.  I attended meetings in a couple of different ballrooms . They were attractively decorated and spacious. 
The bed was a little softer than I would have liked and, although the hotel had a coffee shop and offers room service, I would have liked an in-room coffeemaker. But these were very minor issues. I miss the sumptuous treatment and would stay there again in a heartbeat.The Rooms are nice and the place is clean and it is an historic landmark right in the middle of the French Quarter.  Get a 2nd floor Balcony room facing Bourbon St if you want to experience Bourbon St from above.  Get a courtyard room if you want to have a little more peace and quiet.Beautiful hotel. Great location. Really would love a bottle of water in my room or the ability to buy it somewhere in the hotel. Would have given 5 Stars BUT am dying for water after a Nola night and the staff at front is beyond (!) rude and patronizing telling you to walk 20 feet down outside for a bottle of water. I said I'd love to buy water and I don't care the price but they are lazy and make you feel awful. Horrible when you spend hundreds a night to feel like you are inconveniencing people.Zero star is more apropos!  Surly operator and housekeeping staff do not contribute to their 5 star rating!  Good sized rooms opening to courtyard.  But need to update decor- lose the popcorn ceiling and update the bathrooms.  Guest services should be renamed guest dis-service! Unable to help book reservation for revolution restaurant! Learn fro Las Vegas hotels who book their guests at celebrity chef restaurants located in their hotel.  Concierge needs to check their recommendations- Tableau restaurant was a disaster and 3 hr tour with Cajun encounters was actually 1 hr picking up people in 10 different hotels.  Also driver/tour guide was rude!Loved my stay here a few months ago. One of the rooms was amazing, brand new and very classy, overlooking the pool. The other room was in a construction zone of sorts. We had to walk around/ over paint cans to get to our friend's room. It was clearly in an area where some renovating is going on. Not a huge complaint, but the only reason this is not a 5 star review.
The lobby of this hotel is incredible. I was also impressed by the quality and friendliness of the staff. I liked that they had a gaurd by the door watching people come in later at night. I was glad to know some Bourbon St. Crazy wouldn't get too far if I was followed into the hotel. 
Loved the jazz bar downstairs. It was the perfect spot to start the night with a strong drink, an order of fried green tomatoes and some great entertainment.
Next time I'm in New Orleans, I'll make sure to stay here! You really can't ask for a beter location if you are interested in taking part in the Bourbon St. Festivities.Loved our stay at this hotel. The inside was beautiful and the staff were all very helpful. Definitely worth the cost. We will be staying here again next time we are in New Orleans!!The best hotel in New Orleans and pretty much the 50 yard line on Bourbon Street! The staff is incredible here and we could not have asked for better service! We had a large group (13 for a bachelorette party) and could not have had a better experience! The staff really made our experience fantastic! One of the ladies had a 6am flight on Sunday so we went down the night before to ask about a cab to the airport at 4am- the party is still going strong on Bourbon at that hour and there can be some sketchy people out... The night manager at the front desk walked her out to get a cab on one of the side streets because he did not want her to go alone. The is just one of the instances from the weekend where the staff went above and beyond! They were always so friendly and even were great photographers for our many group photo shoots in the lobby! 
In addition to the fabulous service- this hotel is in a prime location and another perk is the wonderful pool area! Such a cute courtyard to relax in when you want to escape some of the craziness on Bourbon for a couple hours!!!
Cannot wait to visit again!!!Very disappointed in the Royal Sonesta. Major construction happening outside the hotel which they failed to mention when i called. Requested interior room due to noise and was given exterior.  Bellman brought wrong luggage to room. Hotel had a musty odor with visible peeling wallpaper.  Had a reservation for 3 days and checked out after 1.     Hotel refused to give our money back.  Dont book here.We sought refuge here after checking out of the nightmare experience of the St. Marie, a few blocks away.  Talk about night and day!
If you're familiar with the Sonesta brand, you expect a certain level of quality, and this one delivers.  The rooms are clean and well appointed.  The beds are comfortable.  The service is very good.  The lobby is clean and fairly elegant.
The best and worst thing about this hotel is that it is on Bourbon Street, so there is a certain level of street noise that goes well into the night.  I recommend getting a high room that faces one of the side streets.  We had a third-floor room facing Conti, which made the noise tolerable.The good:
Hospitality is awesome here. We were greeted at the door, and the staff made us feel warm and welcomed.
Location to Bourbon street. This hotel is on bourbon street. Right across from musical legend park. Great location if your here for a party.
The bad:
Price! This hotel is about 100$ more than it should be.  Not a lot of amenities are included with the cost. You are definitely paying for location and a name.
Location to bourbon street. Unless you get white girl wasted, the noise of bourbon street will keep you up until about 0330 in the morning, then starts up again at 0830. As mentioned before, be ready to party, or don't stay here.
The smell. As with most party blocks, the streets have a sickly sweet smell that penetrates through the walls of the hotel.
Adjusted ranking from 3-4 stars based on customer feedback. I feel this is important in a consumer/ producer relationship.Stayed at Royal Sonesta for a conference and liked the place very much.  You get the feel of old New Orleans with the courtyards, balconies, gardens while getting all the flash of a nice, new and modern hotel.  Obviously the location is great being right on Bourbon Street but if you are bothered by noise get a courtyard room because the street balconies are expensive (but I like to flash for beads).
Lots of choices down in the French Quarter but if you are coming down you should seriously consider the Royal Sonesta.**Location - You can't beat it. right on Bourbon...you can stumble right back to your hotel room after a day/night of partying.  
**Room - Clean, bed comfie, pillows ok,  bathroom supplies good, shower pressure weak,  toilet flushes like Niagra Falls (shouldn't have a problem there).  lol  
**Room Service - food was good, pretty fast
**Staff - Great .....all of them! 
**PJ's coffee in the lobby - most of you will need this in the morning!Disappointing experience on most levels. Unfriendly service, poor food quality, slim amenities, did not feel hospitable whatsoever. Was very disappointed with quality of food at room service and the lack of any basic amenities in lobby like bottled water snacks etc. menus were limited and not food allergy friendly in any way. Staff treated me like an annoyance.This hotel takes up one side of the 3rd block of Bourbon street so the location is perfect. Easy walk to anywhere in the french quarter. Rooms are clean and if you want to up it a little, go for the R club, check it out on their site. If you want a balcony room, they got it, or if your more like us and want a quiet room, they have them too. They also have a great pool[heated in the winter] with a pool bar with rooms that are located there. If you are going to be out late partying, this property is a safe walk back at night. Parking is in the basement and very secure, not like other hotels that park your car off site. Stop and say hello to the door man Malcolm[been there forever], great guy to talk to who is always willing to steer you in the right way you are going. We try to visit NOLA a couple times a year, if we can't get a room here we don't go. Also check their specials on their site. Pricing many times is cheeper than the discount hotel sites.This hotel is wonderful. My husband and I have stayed here twice in the past year. The staff is always professional and accommodating. 
The rooms are nice, the hotel is well maintained and in a good location. 
I would recommend this hotel to anyone.Checked in last night. Got absolutely excellent service from Mel at the front desk. He is a fantastic representative of the Royal Sonesta!I have never had worse customer service at any hotel I have ever stayed in. First, our valuable items went missing while the maid was in our room. Afterwards, the hotel security who we asked to assist us was extremely rude, unsympathetic, and abrupt. Later, when the hotel staff mysteriously found the items that had been stolen, they were unapologetic and accusatory. Though they initially told us they would recomp our stay, they later retracted this offer.  I would never recommend staying here.Great Hotel Fabulous stay here 
We loved the R club floor and Even more we loved Darin the Concierge on the 7th floor was so helpful so wonderful
And At Desire Marcus makes the most awesome handcrafted hurricanes and is waaaay tooo handsome and humble loved this bar and Marcus was the icing on the cake 
Great location wonderful serviceTHE  place to stay to get a balcony overlooking bourbon street and party all the time. It's all happening below you and right outside your door. If you like to get some sleep, better go somewhere else, it is non stop on bourbon street every weekend.Our favorite stay of the 3 different hotels on our recent trip, and the ONLY room that didn't smell of mold or smoke!  Very friendly staff, great location, and very clean room. Noise on Conti Street wasn't too bad on a party weekend. Next time we'll request a room that looks out to the pool, and spend more time there! And not on Labor Day weekend! Make sure when the Bell Hops call you a cab that you all agree on the fare because ours charged us $5 more when we arrived at the airport.The staff was nice, but so was pretty much everyone we met in NOLA.  The hotel was tired and the amenities weren't worth the price to stay.  Save your money and book some place better, like the Roosevelt, if you want an old cool vibe.   It is on bourbon st, so if that's what you want, this place might be for you.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone and I won't be back.We have stayed at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans three times now, and will be more then happy to return.
The hotel is smack dab in the middle of everything that Bourbon Street has to offer - the good, bad and darn right strange. The Royal Sonesta is a shoal of peace and quiet in a mad sea of fun, food, drink, and sound.
You will pay for a balcony overlooking Bourbon Street with a nearly sleepless night. If that is why you are there - that is perfectly fine. We prefer the rooms facing the pool and large internal courtyard.
Our room was a good size, the king size bed was comfortable as were the pillows. The hotel staff, at all levels, were extremely helpful and responsive.
There are a couple of weak spots. The wireless hotel phones were nearly impossible to answer. They had to be 10 years old and badly designed. Strangely, the toilet was super loud and super hard to flush. Weird...
All things considered, the Royal Sonesta Hotel in New Orleans is a great place to stay - not cheap - but worth the price.We stayed at the Royal Sonesta the last weekend in August. This is a great hotel, but we made the mistake of asking for a balcony overlooking a side street, which turned out to be very noisy. The hotel is right in the heart of the action and if that's what you're looking for, I can heartily recommend it, but ask for a room that faces in towards the courtyard.A last minute vacation turned into a wonderful vacation in part to the fantastic staff at the Royal Sonesta. 
While I was returning to NOLA, it was a first visit for my BF. So, I wanted to be sure that it was memorable and perfect. Of course, we had to stay on Bourbon Street. In addition, I wanted to be sure that we could sleep soundly when we were ready to do so. If that wasn't enough, it was also important that the hotel ambiance reflect New Orleans. I mean, why stay in New Orleans at a hotel that feels like New York? I'd just go to New York.
So, asking for the world, I was prepared to be underwhelmed when we checked into the Royal Sonesta. Wow. The hotel ambiance was all New Orleans. Good so far, right?
Next, the check-in was delightful. The staff at the desk was immediately helpful. The bellman was fun and efficient. Everyone we spoke with was helpful, kind, and fun. These folks know how to be ambassadors. The staff here sure changed my mind.
If you want to stay in the thick of things with the option to escape, this is the place to stay.A lovely lobby with a coffee shop.  We stayed here 3 nites for a conference and found the staff friendly.  Originally, we were given a room where you can hear the party music in the early afternoon.  Hubby was concerned because I'm a light sleeper and changed to a room in the back facing the pool.  It was so much better and quieter, we didn't hear any of the crazy street noise at night.  
The rooms were clean and nice. At one point we had to call for the house engineer/mechanic to open the small room space because Hubby accidentally hit the wrong buttons too many times and the safe locked us out.  We didn't have to wait long for the service at all. 
The pool area is used frequently by the hotel guests, mostly for sun bathing. 
Weddings, corporate parties are held in the facilities downstairs.  Live music plays most nite for a $15 cover charge in the bar area.  It's a nice hotel to stay on Bourbon Street.We stayed here for our honeymoon in May. We were upgraded to a huge suite in a private courtyard area because they knew it was our honeymoon. When we walked in the room It took my breath away. The room had two stories the first level being an elegant living room and the second level being a beautiful bedroom tremendously large. On the coffee table the Vice President left a card congratulating us and a complimentary bottle of champagne. The room was also so silent at night you could hear a pin drop even though we were right on bourbon st. 
Now for the service unbelievable. Our safe was acting funny so we called the front desk they had someone there to fix it w/ in 5 minutes. The man came in the room and was very respectful of our privacy. They made the whole thing seamless. Everything there was seamless. There were tons of service people around but they made there jobs looks so easy you didn't even notice they were there. 
The pool area is phenomenal. The food great. I would stay here again and again and again. Highly recommended if you are willing to pay a little more and in return be rewarded with phenomenal serviceGreat Bourbon St. location, but the hotel did not live up to the hype.   The room was disappointing....first room checked in had stained carpeting, and the second room was better but still less than ideal.   They could do much better with the rooms.Great location, but very noisy. If you stay here, make sure you get an inside room. The Bourbon street rooms will have you up all night. The hotel is very clean and the service is good.  The reason I give it four stars is because of Revolution restaurant. This restaurant is a must for anyone.First trip to NOLA for a 50th birthday weekend. YES it was in the best location for  the nightlife, if thats what you want. I thought everyone was nice, hotel was pretty, POOL could have used a good scrub but it was refreshing,
Would I stay here again NO but only because i am passed the load noise @ night, was a little raunchy and it DEF got to sticking (in the streets) as the night went on, spelled like puke and urine, no it was NOT the hotels fought. Just for the price i would def go to another location.Awesome hotel. I have been here twice now and love it as it is i the middle of everything as the only hotel on Bourbon Street and really truly in the middle of all the action. You could go bar crawling, and then just walk up into your bed. The reason I like this hotel so much is the service I have received each time I have been there. The staff is very courteous and I will give a special shout out to their AMAZING conceirge, Milton. He knows everything about everything. Every restaurant he recommend was great, and every place he recommended we should go see was worth it. If you have questions about the city, definitely go say hi to Milton and he will point you in the right direction, plus he is always so full of life! Greatest person on the Royal Sonesta Staff, even though you all were great, he is like the face of Royal Sonesta!This was a great hotel.  Since it is on a main street, we asked for quiet room and it was quiet and overlooked a small courtyard.  You couldn't hear anything on Bourbon and only could hear people out in the courtyard which happens with any hotel room.    We requested a quiet room.  Service was excellent, it was a little cold for me so I asked for another blanket and they brought up a warm comforter.  Staff remember your name, extremely helpful and the location is perfect.  This would be a great place to stay.  Even if you want to visit other parts of New Orleans, you are three blocks away from two lines (the 11 and the streetcar) which take you to the other parts of New Orleans.  As an fyi, we paid $139 a night.My first time to NOLA and was crazy excited. Also this was my 19 wedding  anniversary. This was the reason we came. 
We were checked in by Rene. He was fantastic. He told us about some really great places to eat and some wonderful bars to hit. He was the BEST!
Now the reason for the 3 stars.
1.  Our first night I got to was my hands and underneath the sink starts leaking. Water was all over my feet and the bathroom floor was covered with water. 
2. We never seemed to have hot water in our room. I'm not sure why. We called maintenance twice and NO help there.  Nothing like a cold to like warm shower every day. 
We do plan on coming back to New Orleans but will not stay here. We will stay at another hotel and hopefully we'll have better luck.Our stay at the Royal Sonesta Hotel in the Nola met my expectations.  We stayed on the private accessed 7th floor.  Darren, our personal concierge was top notch with a professional and southern personable demeanor.  We purchased a Living Social deal prior to our departure and it was well worth it.  We will return.
Being on the 7th floor, there's a club room and lemme tell you!!!   in the a.m. there's breakfast like I've never seen.  You walk in and it's like...  the Fluffiest Eggs, big bacon cooked perfectly.  You know, like mom used to make.  Nice big pork sausage.  Granola cereal, FRESH muffins, Danishes that would make a Danish person blush.
Freshly diced fruits of all sorts!  You guys really don't understand.  There's a t.v. in the room and small tables to sit with your significant other and just get the day started off right!  
You want be a part of this experience!  The King size bed made me feel like a little boy.  I'm 6ft 220.  You guys have to stay at the Royal Sonesta a go around.  Well worth it!!Ok so bourbon street was fun but I would not stay on it again.  The rooms were small the maid service was awful the room was dusty and the ac didn't work too good.  Our view was of a roof with trash on it and we checked in on a Wednesday. It is conveniently located.  The bellman and front desk staff was friendly  but the hostess at desire was the rudest I have encountered.   Common areas are nice.Quite possibly the best customer service I've ever had in a hotel. Nice rooms and great location in the heart of bourbon street, but the sincerely nice folks who work the door (Malcolm), the front desk staff, operator are reasons I will absolutely recommend this hotel to anyone coming to new Orleans.The hotel itself is nicely appointed. The lobby, grounds and rooms are nicely done (considering you are in a party town)
The issue is the front desk staff. So completely clueless. 
We arrived late in the evening. We asked if an upgrade was available. Yes was their answer.  A room with a nice pool view, except there was no pool view but the view of an awning (forgot to bring my see through glasses so...) We called front desk, they apologized, they moved us to another room... same story. 
They then said: well, does not seem we have a pool view room available, what about a room with a king size bed? Sure... So we moved again (3rd time in 30 minutes)...
Except, there were 2 full size beds instead..
They promised to have it all resolved by the morning. Which they did. Nice pool view with a nice comfortable king size bed yet the hassle from the night before made it for a "wrong foot start".
Also, their internet is the ABSOLUTE worst. I had to resource to turning my personal hotspot to get quality internet connection.
Because of the troubles, they gave us a $100 credit. Decided to rent a movie...worst quality tv/image ever.  
The non management staff is fantastic. Just wonderful folks... the front desk managers and receptionist...not so much.
Great location. Not bothered by Bourbon scene at all (never heard a thing from our room), clean hotel, but boy... they need to get their management team better trained.Best hotel in NOLA hands down.  I love that place and will also stay there.  It was a mystery hotel through book it and I lucked out.  Upon check in they decided to upgrade me to a suite.  Heaven!  The reason I love the hotel because it has old school charm but it's clearly a 5 star hotel.  The pool area is the best I've seen so far and there's a bar by the pool.  They play jazz downstairs late at night.  The bed was comfy.  I LOVED IT!!