We waited about five minutes to get seated for the group of five, and we were seated upstairs. Our server was really friendly and gave us a quick rundown of the menu, and we got the crawfish beignet as an appetizer from the checking on Yelp. Apparently the appetizer isn't free like the Yelp check-in says but it's -$10 for whatever appetizer you get. Anyway, we ordered a bunch of food including two platters of oysters, and we then we started waiting. And waiting. After maybe twenty minutes, our first platter of oysters came, closely followed by the second plate. We noticed the second plate wasn't what we ordered so we asked the waiter who took it back. We then waited for another twenty or thirty minutes for our food, and our entrees came. Our oysters never did. We told the waiter and he said there was a mixup and our oysters were given to the table next to us. The manager came by afterward and told us that she'd give us two orders of what we got on the house (too bad I don't really eat oysters). So I ate my crawfish etouffee and it was quite good. A bit salty, but good. Nice spicy flavor and a good amount of crawfish, both fried bits on top and in the sauce. I asked for more bread as well so I could soak up the sauce. I quite enjoyed that dish. When the oysters finally came after we had already all finished our meal (this was probably another 10-15 minutes), the Rockefeller oysters came and I tried one. Way too much cheese on top! Otherwise I think ok as far as oysters go. Then we asked for the check do which also took at least five minutes to get here. My crawfish dish was $17 pre-tax which is a bit pricey, and combined with the mixup and the super long waiting times, I wouldn't suggest coming here. The waiter apologized many times for the mixup which is fine, but it doesn't excuse the super long wait times for our main entrees. To be fair, my food (the crawfish etouffee) was quite good and deserves 4 stars, but the long long long wait and inefficiencies (I'm excusing the mix-up with the oysters because there was a miscommunication which I understand happens - what isn't excusable is how long we waited for our entrees/other dishes, the check, etc etc) subtracted 1 star.I make a bee-line to this place whenever I have the occasion to be in New Orleans hoping that one day I'll get to sit on the balcony and people-watch. While the Grande Scheme has never been fully executed, I still manage to enjoy sitting at the bar downstairs or up. Service is very attentive, and food is everything for which one could wish for in New Orleans. I had the linguine pasta tossed with spinach and mushrooms in a scampi sauce and topped with fried oysters. Usually I just get the signature grilled oysters, a loaf of french bread, and a nice refreshing Long Island Iced Tea. Bring a date: Outside seating is for 2/table max.Our food was cold our wonderful waitress Sydney came back have it heated for us  And she stood there to make sure that we try that that it would be hot.  Well I lied and told her that it was hot because I was starving.  Sydney all of these stars are for you and you only. You were incredible.The French onion soup is delicious.  The Poor boy sandwich would be better if the bread was softer. Use the free appetizers coupon.. Service was very good.This place was delicious. The crab fingers appetizer was fabulous!!! It's like $10 and you don't even know how good. You must try. We got the shrimp po boy and the chargrilled oysters too. They were also handsome. Check this place out.Must get the char grilled oysters! Creole shrimp was bomb, gator bites on point and the crawfish ravioli was to die for. Cute spot that offers upstairs dining and balcony seating, if you prefer. A must go to while staying in Nola!In our group we had the crab claw, fried shrimp, fried oysters, a dozen oysters, and banana bread. The crab claw appetizer is recommendable. The oysters the biggest I've ever had, and very fresh, but more on the mild side. The fried stuff were also fresh but the batter much too salty. The Bloody Mary could also have been so delicious but again was overly salty. Good ambience and great service.We had friends recommend that we go to the Royal House on a recent trip to NOLA. It was our first destination for lunch on day 1. We told our waiter Chris that we wanted to share several dishes. He suggested the best oysters we had ever had! We followed that with a salad and a po boy. The food was just what we wanted. I had to have a hurricane of course too.  Chris was so great that we came back everyday on our trip to sit at the bar and have oysters and drinks. I can't wait to go back!!Stopped in during a a weekend trip to Nawlins. For appetizers, grilled oysters were awesome. The Taste of New Orleans platter was also very good for an entree. Grits could have used more flavor. Great ambience and energy and the service was personalized and prompt.Food was ok.  Cocktails were very bad!!  We were very surprised this place had such high ratings.Food was incredible! We had the oysters, stuffed mushrooms, and the crab claws, and everything was fantastic. Our server Tina was the best. Excellent service!French onion soup was great.  The chargrilled oysters are on the small side compared to dragos which are big and great.  They're still okay here.  We like this place because we can sit by open window and we are never disappointed.  We just go to Dragos for our chargrilled oysters usually.  We will be back to royal houseI came in on the night Hurricane Nate skipped New Orleans and sat at the oyster bar. I had chargrilled oysters that were amazing. I used my bread to sip up the butter/cheese/garlic sauce that was left in the shells and when that was gone I received crackers as well and used those for the rest of it. My server/oyster shucker was Antoine and he was very friendly and helpful. Their chicken and andouille sausage gumbo is amazing though not as spicy as some would like I think. I had the Dark and Stormy cocktail which was pretty fantastic as well.Very slow service.  It took us 20 minutes just to get a waiter, while all this time one of the waiters was reciting his life story to the table next to us.  The entire thing including how his family got to the US and how he wasn't born in New Orleans, but got there when he was very young so he felt like a native.  Finally someone showed up, but it took another 20 minutes to get our po-boys. The food was bad too. The bread was dry, the meat hard, and the shrimp had not been deveined.
They even messed up one of the tomato slices in the po-boy.  Three out of four were good, one slice was bad.  How do you mess up a slice of tomato?  All you have to do is a pick a good tomato and cut it.
Unfortunately, after waiting so long for the food, there was no point going somewhere else at that point.Walked in. Seated quick. Quick drinks... Then no contact. We wanted to order for a while then magically as I type this for you our waitress appears and we order the "taste of New Orleans" and the "Po Boi" also stuffed mushrooms to get started!!!!!This restaurant has the worst service of any restaurant I have ever been to in NOLA. Went in at 8:30 and was seated at a two top by the window across from the bar. Frazzled waitress came by for drink order and I quickly gave her the order. Also tried to order some crab that they did not have because they were not in season?? Why did the menu not say "seasonal" by that item then? So after 10 minutes the frazzled waitress comes back by and recites our drink order again....okay thank you for reciting to me what I already knew I ordered because I wanted it. Now why haven't you put that order in? Needless to say we left and had dinner and drinks elsewhere. No idea why people have rated this restaurant so highly. Sad we had the experience we had. :-(Very cramp, the tables that seat 4 are small card tables, knees are knocking.  Wait staff is friendly and helpful.  Food is good.  Bloody Mary not so - weak and glass tall and skinny.Food was just okay and overpriced. Three of us ate the appetizer, grilled oysters and they all had tummy ache a couple of hours later. :( I had the Alaskan Snow Crab which was either overcooked or not fresh because the meat was stuck on the shells, some parts of it were cold, too. It was also too salty, you would not be able to finish it. Steak was good but overpriced. We all liked the banana foster with cheesecake. Service was not that great. We were initially invited in then sent back out saying the table apparently wasn't ready. We went back in and went upstairs and the table still wasn't ready. We stood around for about 5minutes upstairs while waiting for them to set up.My boyfriend and I had a delicious meal here on Sunday night.  There was a wait for the balcony seating, so we went ahead and sat downstairs because we were hungry.  We shared the stuffed mushrooms to start, and they were delicious. I was only able to eat a couple because they were quite rich but perfect for sharing.  My boyfriend started with some chargrilled oysters, which he greatly enjoyed.  I got the red beans and rice, which I enjoyed.  My boyfriend got the crawfish étouffée, and he absolutely loved it.  I tried a bite and thought it was delicious, but a little too rich for me to have as a main course.  It was a delicious restaurant that I would recommend.Lots of hype but a little disappointed as food (jambalaya) came out warm and didn't looks freshly made. It did had taste though so giving them benefit of doubt. Place seems to be busy so you don't get much of special attn on service side. 3/5 I think is being generous here for first timers.The food is JUST ok. It's adequate in an area where you're walking distance from extraordinary. The price to food portion ratio is also WAY off (don't get the gater appetizer, it basically comes in a shot glass). If you're on the fence enough to check a Yelp review, I'm certain you can do better in that area.Great service and staff
food was fun.  Ate  a lot of oysters here.   Oysters seem not as clean as I am used to but that must be a  regional thing.   Tasty drinks
overall solid experienceGeorge was our server and his recommendations were on point. We order the alligator and the shrimp po boys. So good! But the crab claw appetizer was to die for. I wish I had a bag to take home the sauce in and try to duplicate!This was our first meal in NOLA and I was super excited to eat.  We happened to stumble upon this place and it got good yelp reviews so I thought why not.  There was also a small line outside the door before it opened.  The environment was quite nice and we were seated by the window.  The service was SPECTACULAR.  However, we were less impressed with the food.  I ordered the sampler which was jambalaya, gumbo, and etouffee.  My friend order the shrimp po boy with fries.  I don't know if I was just hyping it up too much, but the food was just okay.Food was terrible , waited over 30 min to be greeted and for water and spent almost our whole night there service was just that slow would never come back.We had to wait outside for about an hour while the kitchen staff was taking a break?  Really?  They should have seated us and said, we have wait a little while to take your order because we've been so busy.  So have a few drinks and relax.  Owner would have liked the revenue I'm sure.  Ok, with that said, I had almost every type of oyster and they were awesome.  Raw, royale, Rockefeller, and grilled.  OMG!!!!This place is in a great spot in the French Quarter, right in the middle by the courthouse.  I went with a couple of colleagues that evening upon reading good reviews. The food was decent. It wasn't standout but decent for the area and price point. I had the redfish and another colleague had the ribeye. We also ordered stuff mushrooms and the tacos for appetizer. Unfortunately the bad outweighed the good. Our seat, right in the middle of the dining room, smelled like million armpits and wet feet jammed in my nostrils. It was so incredibly offputting. This may be a one off, but this should never happen. I'm hoping it wasn't  eminating from the kitchen... just for this reason I can't  justify giving this restaurant anything but a single star. Management needs to be on top of stuff like this.Had dinner alone at the bar. Good cold beer. Excellent big creamy raw oysters. Amazing oyster pasta.What a fun night celebrating our birthday! Had oysters chargrilled and thanks to yelp for our appetizer discount. Shout out to yelp! Lovely voodoo drink, I wanted a hurricane but Heidi suggested this drink!!! Had tortellini and some raviolis. The ettouffe had battered crawfish and rice. Then we had bread pudding!!!! Lovely time!!!! Lovely people!!!!We ate here after Jazz fest 5/6/2013... I wish I could give this place a .5. It was one of the worst places I have ever eaten in my entire life. I would eat some dirty street food before eating or drinking here again. First and foremost, we had the worst service, the fellow we had didn't even deserve a tip, his service was atrocious at best. We started with drinks I ordered a pear martini and my other ordered a bloody mary. The pear martini was made with the Worst tasting ingredients of all time and so much melon liquor that is all I could taste.  so bad. The bloody mary I am told was just as bad and overly salty. (We never got another drink because the server was too busy to wait on us and never again once throughout the entire meal asked if we wanted a water or another drink). We then ordered the spinach and artichoke dip which was actually very good, it is a very simple thing to make. Unfortunately, when the waiter took our drink order when he took our food order as well and we never saw him again until we were finished with our meals. I ordered the steak because I don't eat seafood. First mistake because it is USDA choice beef being the worst quality of beef with a better name. The steak came out under cooked, flavorless and cold. It said Cajun and creole, this is laughable!!! The sides were just as bad as the steak, cold and flavorless. My other ordered gumbo and oysters. The gumbo was flavorless and to his knowledge there was no seafood in a seafood gumbo. As horrible and repulsive as the oysters looked to me and my other half, he said they tasted fine and they didn't make him sick so that is all that matters. But if you could see oysters before you bought them we wouldn't of bought them because they looked like the lowest quality oysters ever. If our server would of came back and asked how our meal was I would of sent mine back and asked for nothing else. I ate about a quarter of a $30.00 steak when the server took my plate he didn't even ask if I was done or how my meal was. He took my others plate and again didn't ask him if he was done and he was in fact still eating. (this was again the first time we saw our waiter since he took our order and no other server checked on us through the entire meal). This place is a tourist trap that gets tourists with their balcony!!!) We tipped the dude $9.00 on a $100.00 bill but he didn't even deserve a dollar. I am one to tip very well when warranted,  if you are a good server and even if you are having a bad day and I can tell I still  tip well but if you give it no effort at all you deserve no tip!!! The food and service at this place are absolutely horrendous!!! Save your money and your time!!!!a great stop for the family in the Quarter. something all of us loved - the balcony was great to people watch. great service too, also a discount for being a local resident! who would thunk it?The menu here is filled with amazing options. We ordered    half shell raw oysters that were pretty big and tasted great. I ordered the crawfish ravioli which was absolutely amazing.Loved the food and the service here.
Oysters on the half shell ($13) - shucked at my order and were served in the briny juice with all the fixin's and were delicious.
Oyster tacos ($10) - four tacos as an appetizer. Layered flavors - I would have ordered these as a main.
Shrimp Creol ($16) - served with rice a great spice to it.
We caved and had the Bananas Foster for dessert because...we could. Yummm.
Drinks, food, THANKS BECKS for the great service and awesome one-liners. Much appreciated.
Also loved the balcony seating on a gorgeous night in NOLA.Etouffee and chargrilled ousters were as good as advertised. Would definitely come back.The food was great large portions. Cold drinks and great staff will come back again if we are ever in town again. On vacation and this was a wise choice for our first meal in New Orleans.Sad, sad sad. Quite honestly some of the worst BBQ shrimp and grits I've ever had the displeasure of eating. And unfortunately, our meals took an hour to come out. I love New Orleans, I love good restaurants, this is not it. Move on...and consider yourself lucky that I've taken one for the team.Mediocre food at ridiculous prices. Ordered the redfish beignets, crawfish ravioli, and taste of New Orleans. Nothing tasted particularly fresh. Mostly tasted like it came from those massive frozen food trailers you see on the highway. Nothing felt like someone was really "cooking" it. Nothing absolutely awful but not worth the price and wait. 
The taste of New Orleans wasn't very good. The gumbo was way over spiced, etouffee was soupy, and jambalaya was dry and bland. The rice in all was slightly under cooked. Not a good representation of the city. Crawfish ravioli was just regular red sauce with some spice and micro sized crawfish dropped in. No crawfish was in the ravioli. Huge let down when it was the same frozen ravioli from Sam's club for a 30 dollar dish. 
Couldn't sit upstairs due to a last minute private party that took the space. Had to sit in a cramped space near the bar. Loud area by the sidewalk, not much space to back up your chair without smashing into another patrons chair. 
Was nice that we put our name on the list and could come back. They had called shorty before we showed up and put us straight to the front. 
Overall, much better places to eat around the French quarter. Keep on walking.A special call out to Maegon B for being our lovely waiting and providing an excellent customer service.
We came here for our last evening in New Orleans before flying back to San Jose, California. We didn't know what to expect but we got a seat outside the top balcony. What was so wonderful was being surrounded by the lovely New Orleans environment including a violinist downstairs and looking down the streets of all the fun.
What stood out to us about the Royal House was the delicious food and drinks. We would highly recommend the mix of fish and shrimp with the chips alongside an appetizer of alligator bites.
Overall, we would return to this place and highly recommend it to any of our friends.A perfect Bloody Mary high on a balcony overlooking the action below?  Why yes!  Sounds like a way to wile away an afternoon in NOLA.
We arrived and told the hostess we only had two requests, Bloody Mary's and an outdoor seat.  She smiled and said, "come this way".  And so we did.  
We walked through the bar, up the stairs, though the dining room and out on a narrow ledge with darling bistro tables.  And so there we sat, watching the show of people below us who had no idea that right above their heads were ladies sipping on their Bloody Mary's watching the world go by.
Can't talk about the food, but for that moment, life was pretty great!  Funny the effect a nicely poured Bloody Mary can make on a day.
Stop in and have your own special moment!Very good overall, except the shrimp jambalaya was way too salty. My husband ordered a shrimp pasta dish with cream sauce which was delicious. Price is a little high for what you get, in my opinion.Food was just okay, service is slow.
- Alligator Bites: tastes like chewy dark meat. The heavy seasoning made it a bit too salty.
- Po Boys: good bread but a bit too hard to eat as a sandwich. I ended up just picking off the fried shrimp. Shrimps were on the smaller side and bland. The beef po'boy tasted like a roast beef sandwich with gravy.
- Taste of New Orleans: neat way to try a bit of everything including gumbo, jambalaya, and etouffe. Just okay, nothing particularly stood out. 
- Service is slow. Eating time was 20min but we probably dined for more than an hour.Dining Date January 17, 2015.
Stopped in for a snack late afternoon. The crawfish cakes were outstanding, as were the fried alligator bites. Our waiter recommended the bread pudding with raisins and white chocolate sauce. The dessert was incredibly delicious! 
We sat outside on the balcony watching the crowd walk past on Royal St. Great atmosphere on a late Saturday afternoon. The service was a bit slow, otherwise would have given 5 stars.The seafood stuffed mushrooms were really delicious. The baked shrimp tortellini was also amazing. The service is slow or I would give 5 stars. I also liked the intimate balcony seating too.We used a free appetizer coupon just by checking in on Yelp. The stuffed mushrooms were off the chart good. Red beans and rice had great flavor. Can't go wrong here.Not the best place. We ordered raw oysters and few entrees. For some reason they forgot the oysters and brought the entrees after 20 minutes. We canceled oysters and had them somewhere else. Also there was water leaking from the air conditioning vent directly onto out table. Food was average. Won't visit again.I had the fish po boy sandwich, which was amazing. Not what I expected but tasted great. The bread is fresh and crisp and the fish tastes amazing! (4 stars)
My wife had the pecan crusted mahi mahi, which turned out too spicy for her and they were kind enough to change her order free of charge. Note that it didn't look anything like what we expected based on the description. She ended up having the eggplant and chicken Parmesan which tasted amazing (5 stars)
The staff were very nice and friendly, the place isn't 5 star quality but the food is great!
We had a free spinach dip appetizer courtesy of Yelp, which wasn't fresh honestly and the nachos were extremely oily! We've had better. (2 stars)
Overall, I give the place 4 stars because the atmosphere wasn't great and the bad experience with the appetizer.One of the best Oyster Po-boys I had in NOLA!  Delicious!Bleh is the best way to describe the food. My husband and I, along with another couple, came for dinner. We were seated quickly on the balcony and the service was fast and friendly but the food was mediocre. We got a shrimp pot, shrimp platter, shrimp po boy, and spinach dip.  The dip was the best part and it quickly went down from there. The shrimp po boy was way too dry. I thought these things had a sauce that went in it? The boiled shrimp pot was not spicy at all, despite the waitress warning us it would be spicy. The shrimp on the platter lacked flavor and was chewy. Would we come back? Only for drinks and the balcony seating, definitely not the food.Great spot close to many tourist attractions, such as Bourbon Street, that at the same time feels not-so-touristy. Good for romantic dinners for 2 on the balcony or a meal with a group of friends. The menu features excellent raw and char grilled oysters among a variety of other items. For me, the best part about Royal House is not only the atmosphere and location, but the price point for such a great restaurant in such a touristy part of town.Blackened Shrimp jambalaya was overly salty. Crawfish ravioli looked fantastic in pictures but what was presented was completely not what was on the menu. Ravioli was supposed to be a breaux bridge sauce but we were served ravioli with what seemed to be a tomato-based gumbo on top. Drinks and oysters were good though.EPIC Fail - Terrible service, awful drinks.  I am my friend ordered an Old Fashion, got muddled orange/cherry with what seemed like Sprite - absolutely zero whisky in either drink.  Sent it back, got back the same drink with a dash (like a dash of bitters dash) of whisky in the drink. Server September was absent from the floor most of the meal, asked for a spoon with the Gumbo, never got it... reminded her when she showed up with the check - but the gumbo was cold... We would have had dessert, but never were asked, so we went to Brenan's, where it was exceptional.I ordered the shrimp and grits. Unfortunately the grits aren't the traditional grits but they are a fried grit patty smothered in barbecue sauce and very substandard shrimp. I didn't care for it at all. My friend had the crab legs which were extremely small. Eating crab legs are a challenge in itself, these crab legs were so small that she gave up trying to eat them because they were over cooked and very small. The highlight of the evening was our waiter Willie from Memphis. He was so incredibly awesome. He attempted to offer up different options for me because of my pecsectarian diet. It was difficult but he tried and kept a smile on his face the entire time. Willie is a gem in this place. He has an exuberance that can't be matched. He loves his job, he loves the customers. Yea Willie!!The week that I moved to New Orleans, my mother, brother, boyfriend and i were walking in the Quarter looking for some decent cajun food. We by chance happened upon Royal House, and we left very happy. Our server was a friendly woman who gave plenty of recommendations. We ordered crab claws for an appetizer, and we asked for extra bread to get every little bit of sauce left. They were delicious. We each had different entrees, and everything was great, although my mom wasn't a huge fan of the shrimp and grits. We ended up coming back when my family visited for Christmas, and the rest of them who weren't here in August also enjoyed their food and the service. Definitely get the crab claws!!!My girlfriend and I had our first oyster experience ever at the Royal House and it was awesome.  The food was  quality and the wine was great.  We enjoyed a mixed batch of cooked and raw oysters, crayfish etoufee, and a brownie ala mode.  But the best part about this dinner was the service.  Our waitress was Tina and she killed it.  She gave us her full attention and was very attentive even though we were her only table.  Tina rocks!! She is funny, knowledgeable and efficient.  When you go to Royal House ask for Tina!!First off, the chargrilled oysters were amazing.  We definitely should have ordered a full dozen.  Hubs ordered a gulf fish po-boy and reports that it was flavorful and the bread was great.  The only thing keeping this from being a five-star review was that my peel and eat boiled shrimp were slightly overcooked.  I'm a bit particular though and believe that the peels should slide off easily and not leave the flesh a shredded mess.  However, the Cajun seasoning was delicious - it just needed to come out if the pot about a minute earlier.Nice location and great atmosphere! Oysters were great!  We had balcony seating and enjoyed street performance. Will come back again.Great customer service for a large group, but salty salty salty food! Maybe it's the "Cajun/Creole" way but everything was soooo salty. It wasn't bad, but only if they didn't use that extra spoon of salt! 
We were a big group and got things to share:
-Fried Alligator: I hated the thought of eating an alligator, but the fried alligator wasn't so bad! It kind of tasted like chicken, you must try this! I wish they gave us more. It wasn't too salty but could use less...
-Spinach Dip: Nothing fancy, the name says it all!
-Crab claws: I really thought we were going to get "crab claws" instead it seems more of a soup. The dipping sauce was overwhelming and engulfs the crab claws. Extremely salty dipping sauce.
-Seafood Pescatore: Very spicy! A great spicy kick to it, everything else was salty, but seafood was fresh
-Baked Shrimp Tortellini: The saltiest dish ever. Don't know why the tortellinis were so salty. The shrimp in it was good, tasted very gritty. 
-Blackened Shrimp & Jambalaya: Wasn't too salty, but could use less. Shrimp was excellent and a good jambalaya, not as "juicy" as I would like but overall a decent dish
-Royal House Burger: The name says it all... it wasn't too bad for a Cajun/Creole place!
Over server was super cool and told us to always check the bill here because places add on extra charges (like gratuity) and not tell you around Mardi Gras. Also you get the "Mardi Gras Menu" aka the overly priced food because they can. I've eaten Cajun food in Cali (but not from the source-NOLA) but in Cali it's not salty like the Cajun here...so maybe it's a regional thing, but all the food was just too salty for us. Should have gotten their oysters!Came here due to my fellow Yelpers! We wanted to try alligator while in New Orleans,so my husband and I ordered the fried alligator, oysters duo, and the seafood pescadore. 
Our server, Tina, was really friendly and helpful. She recommended the Absolut Strawberry Lemonade and Mandarin Dreamsicle. We got both, and I loved the lemonade! It was refreshing, fruity, and sweet! It had a strawberry and two slices of lemon in it. My husband got the Dreamsicle, and we expected it to taste like a creamsicle. It kind of did... but also kindof tasted like medicine. We would order that again.
The fried alligator had moist meat, and came with cocktail and tartar sauce. It was good, but tiny portions. We saw a video of the oysters duo, that it'd be sizzling when it got to the table. It wasn't. And, it was lukewarm, at best. We came when the restaurant was pretty empty too, so I'm not sure why our food wasn't hot. Also, taste wise, for which I'm not sure temperature played a role in, was mediocre. Acme chargrilled oysters are WAY BETTER.
The pasta, Tina recommended we swap out the marinara sauce to a white wine sauce. It was a good idea! So tasty! Again, portions were tiny, and I'm pretty sure we had empty clam shells, but the scallops were cooked really well.
Overall, pretty tasty food, but just tiny portions. Also, we couldnt get a free appetizer from their Yelp deal, because we have to order two entrees, and we didn't :(We recently visited New Orleans for a weekend. During our trip we researched 
on Yelp where to go for a special Sunday seafood dinner. We chose Royal House because of their excellent reviews and the fact that you receive a free appetizer 
when checking in on yelp.
First we ordered 2 drinks and an appetizer. After waiting almost 30 minutes our entrees arrived and no appetizer. When we inquired about our appetizer they were surprised and took our dinners back and returned with the crab claws we ordered, 
Again we waited and waited and no food as we watched others come and go. By this time our drinks were finished I decided to get the check and leave. When we received the check they had charged us for the "free" appetizer. At this point I asked for a manager. The manager returned with our check and said he would take care of the overcharge. We waited an additional 15 minutes for him to finally
tell us that we weren't being charged and we could leave.
Almost one and a half hours and no food.
Every place can fall short now and then but for the price it is not worth taking the chance. 
On this visit they fell short on all levels, service, hospitality and management.This place has all the staples and a view to boot. The prices for what you get are reasonable once you factor in your location and the view. 
The food was well executed and tasty. The red fish biegnets are delicious, the flavour of the fish still came through despite the sweetness. I got the sampler for my entree and it was also delicious.
Pros: the servers are amazing and helpful. Cons: the bread was stale.This one is a tough call. The place overall is kind of a dump but the oysters were really delicious. Had a pretty standard/borderline crappy po' boy , but a pretty delicious bowl of french onion soup. When you check in with Yelp you get a free appetizer so we chose the crab claws, which were drowning in some muck that was difficult to discern.
Luckily there was no wait when we went in, or would have been really disappointed.
Good, attentive service though, with smiles and apologies all around.This place had really good food, however the service was basically a turd in a dress. We literally saw our waitress 3 times including when she brought the check. I would like to be able to rate the drinks but seeing as how I was never given the opportunity to order one I can't. I do not even know the waitress's name as she didn't introduce herself. I would definitely go to anywhere else if I had a choice. My girlfriend literally had to eat her soup with a fork because the waitress couldn't be bothered for a spoon. We finally just drank it because obviously a spoon was too much of a hassle. I guess if you're hammered you don't really notice the crap service, too bad we were sober.Honestly, the best restaurant in NOLA! The charbroiled oysters and the crawfish étouffée are something that my husband and I keep coming back to! We cannot get over how good the appetizers and entrees are here! The service is so friendly as well! Overall, the experience at this restaurant has been enjoyable the number of times we've come.Waited about 45 mins for the food. I had 2 oyster duos and the sampler. When our food arrived, it was cold. Service was also a bit bad.First time here. Char Grilled Oysters were light, garlicky and perfect! Also had their great  Bloody Mary. A perfect start to out 3 nights in NOLA.Great food. I was too hungry and finished it all. Love Cajun food and they had good customer service overallFood was cold.. Not spicy at all ( as told).. And the service was slow as hell! I wouldn't recommend this placeI feel horrible! I put my review on another restaurant! Here goes!!!! I love this place!
Wow!!!!! The crab claws all the way to the French onion soup are to die for!!!!!!!!!!! I am eating around and this place is a must stop by!!! You have to ask for Tina, the whole staff is amazing!!! Do they have happy hour??!? No this WHOLE place is a happy hour!!!.
Tina was AMAZING and answered every question!Came here with a party of 4 and was extremely disappointed... I decided to give the place another chance (mistakenly so) . Appetizer took 30-45mins to show up,  food took over an hour to arrive and when it did,  some of our soup was cold. The shrimp po boy was horribly dry (decided to give this one another try as well,  I came here over a year ago) and too much batter on the shrimp... Again. 
Safe to say it was a waste of our money and especially our time seeing as how we waited over an hour to get food. Don't be fooled yelpers.Stopped by for dinner while we were walking around. Saw a line and figured this place must be good. Waited 20 mins in line to get into his "oyster bar". Staff were friendly, location is great, food on the other hand. Nothing special. Every meal we had while we were in town( and we ate a lot of meals at all different restaurants) were better than this. 
The charbroiled oysters were so greasy, oysters weren't even cleaned. I don't understand how they can serve raw oysters that are so dirty. Hopefully they were just busy and forgot to clean them. The fried alligators were so tough and chewy. Again, had his in other restaurants around the area and all were much better. The taste of New Orleans which was a sampler of a few things were tasteless.We had a balcony view which was worth the wait. We had the sautéed crab claws for an appetizer and they were amazing. Wasn't impressed with my shrimp tortellini- was rather bland.Food decent, service good. Yelp offer is misleading. Ad says "Free appetizer with purchase when Check in" once clicked shows that it can only be redeemed with purchase of min 2 entrees. Wish it was transparent. Not any other purchase.My wife and I stopped here for a quick afternoon snack and we were very pleased. We had a dozen oysters, which were excellent, and the the shrimp boil, which was also excellent. The service was good, and the beers were very cold!This place had one of my favorite dishes of the entire trip: crab claws appetizer. It's everything you think it would be - creamy, rich, amazing. It's delicious; please get it.
Their chargrilled oysters had way too much cheese (something I thought I'd never say). Their drinks were definitely too sweet for my liking.
Service was on point!Came here on a Saturday for lunch and it wasn't busy. The place is small but clean, and I loved that there were lots of open windows especially on a day with perfect weather. The service was 5/10, could have been a little more friendlier. 
The goods.
-Pecan pie. Not too sweet, would have been better ala mode!
-The windows? 
The mediocre. 
-Oyster Po'boy. Stingy on the oysters, buried in too much (overly toasted) bread. No flavor, no sauces. Get your po'boys elsewhere
Maybe their oysters are better? but I probably won't be back for my next trip to New Orleans to find out.Went to a wedding pre party here that had amazing fried oysters, great barbecue shrimp, typically mediocre New Orleans style crab cakes (I'm a Maryland native) and a wonderful serving staff;  So decided to try them another evening for their dinner menu; Here goes...wait staff real real slow but very cordial; fried oyster and shrimp poboys a disappointment; loud and I mean loud parties around us so we moved and they put another loud group around us; suggest their managers actually manage and their cooks move back to the Waffle House for training; By the way, the upstairs bartender is 5 stars and is the best reason to go there.Been to NO for the 4th time and our group of 8 was lured in by an employee standing at the front door. We ordered appetizers, entrees and cocktails. Our apps never showed up until our entrees were brought out... food trickled out to the table within 30 minutes of each other... no apologies.... poor service and food experience. No thank you!!!!!! We will never revisit this place. Do not recommend at all! No concern for guests' experiences  due to the heavy flow of customers.We went to this place for the oysters, though probably should have taken a local's advice to "stay out of the French Quarter" for dinners.  While I don't think that's exactly true, we had a pretty bad experience at Royal House.  Everything was exceedingly salty, and the food took forever to come out (cold, at that!).  A few of the dishes we tolerated, but we had to send back my wife's pasta w/fried oyster dish because the salt level was way too high.  It took them about 20 minutes to "rush" another dish out - which admittedly was pretty good in terms of seasoning.  Too bad at that point, everyone else had finished their meal and my wife had filled up on fries.  Maybe we caught them on an off day, but this is one to avoid in my opinion.Excellent customer service and delicious food. Moderate prices and fast service. The drinks are extra tasty with top shelf liquor.Food was disappointing, cocktails were spot on, I would not however advise waiting 45 minutes in line for cocktails