Went in for breakfast around 8a on a Thursday morning - fairly crowded but got quickly-seated. The service was very good and I wasn't waiting long for my order to arrive. I ordered the cinnamon swirl pancakes which were extremely rich, but very, very tasty. When it was time to leave, the server gave me a to-go cup for my coffee which I thought was very thoughtful.
Nice atmosphere and excellent breakfast!I'm glad we tried this place. I had a Bacon Bloody Mary to drink, pretty good. Then for food I had Shrimp Boogaloo and Eggs Cochon Benedict's, they both were so full of flavor. The eggs cochon was my favorite though. I wish I could get something like that out here in Cali. Till next time Ruby Slipper.My boyfriend had the 3 little pigs omelette and side of pork sausage. I had the Eggs Coubion. Neither of us was impressed with the food. It cost twice as much as the breakfast we had at Majoria's Commerce yesterday, but not nearly as good. My dish was catfish with poached eggs. It had Tasso in it and I didn't realize that was ham until I got my order. When I noticed it and told my waiter, he asked if I'd like something else. I asked for the same dish without ham. He was very polite about the ordeal and insisted many people made that mistake of not realizing it was ham. I got a new dish, but seemed like the kitchen just took the ham out of my old dish cause I had taken a tiny piece of the catfish before noticing the ham and realized that same piece of catfish was on my "New" dish. The waiter was super polite and professional. That was as the highlight of the trip.The Ruby Slipper opened post-Katrina with Oz-inspiration, "there is no place like home." The restauranteurs returned to their wrecked city and started it up. 
The decor and atmosphere will make you think the place must have been open longer, y'know, one of those ancient places you find in New Orleans that has been open since the 1800's. Classic southern diner. 
The food is a southern diner style. What's that mean? All of the classics are here, but with a bit of southern twist. You can get an egg's Benedict with pulled pork instead of ham, for instance. Egg's Florentine can be made with collard greens. The food is rich and delicious, in a city known for rich and delicious food. 
A few standouts. The eggs Blackstone is a wonderful, sensible breakfast. It is just on this side of sane on a scale of "how insanely rich can we make an egg dish." Delicious. 
The banana's Foster French toast is a decadent, sweet breakfast splurge. It is almost too, too sweet. 
They make a very nice latte. 
You will wait 20-30 minutes probably. It will be worth it.This place has the rudest server I think I have ever had the displeasure to encounter, Theresa S. As we are ordering, the waitress mutters "Jesus Christ" under her breath. Very unaccommodating for swapping sides for the low carb eaters at our table, offering no alternative for fries and fruit. She would ask "Is everything alright" and "Do you need anything else" without actually stopping at our table. She charged us for every little thing, i.e. sour cream, instead of trying to make up for her bad attitude. The food was subpar, poorly seasoned, and dressed (with condiments) inadequately. We didn't even have the appropriate utensils for the food we ordered, i.e. no spoon for a side of grits. I would NEVER recommend this place as well, would not patronize this place again myself.It sucks worst biscuits I ever had and extremely pricey for the poor quality of food I will never go back.Very good breakfast in New Orleans and a great spot to meet interesting people.  Very cool place.This place was amazing!! We did the waiting line seating through the yelp app. Otherwise, the wait time would have been 75-90 minutes for our party of 7. Using the app, we were given a time to arrive and walk right up and get s seat. The service was great. Our server Alex did an amazing job. He described the food so well that some of our group ordered multiple dishes. He accurately took our orders and was so fast to refill drinks and checked on us regularly. And may I say that the place was packed. Even so, he never missed a beat. The food...we were all in heaven. This is the first time that our group went to a restaurant and every single person LOVED there food. There was not a single complaint. All in all, if I could give this place 10 stars I would. However 5 will have to do. You can't go wrong with this place.There is lots of food to be eaten in the Big Easy and every restaurant has a sign telling you that their food is the most authentic in the French Quarter. But once you go in the food is about as authentic to the area as a Popeye's Chicken in North Dakota.
Ruby Slipper Cafe is the place to go for some good food. Tucked away on the other side of Canal Street, you can get some seriously delicious eats. I had the shrimp and grits. Made with an Abita reduction, this is was a seriously delicious meal and it was served with a biscuit. this place was a true find. It was also recommended to me by a local...so to all the places in New Orleans claiming to be the "Best" this or that, grab a seat at the Ruby Slipper Cafe and learn how to cook a real meal.Decent but go to the Mid-City location instead.  Solid New Orleans breakfast, great drinks - it's a historical landmark in New Orleans but one that continues to serve great food today.We stopped in for breakfast because it was close to the hotel but we will come back for the amazing food and service. Great place for a bite if your in NOLA! The mimosas, fried green tomatoes and fresh homemade biscuits was food for the soul.Disapointment is the best way to describe my feeling towards the Banana Foster Pain  Perdu. It wasnt heavenly, it was simply dry bread with banana slices and syrup. Also, their biscuits are a bit dry for my taste. Their eggs are good, but nothing special. I did like the chicken on the St Charles Benedict though. Although they were super busy, their service was slow as it can get. It took twenty minutes to receive a water refill and an hour total of waiting for a seat and being seated before our food came out.
I wish I would have ordered something else, but oh well. Im pretty sure I would end up going to Surrey's Cafe anyways.Absolutely delicious! One of the best meals I have had in New Orleans. The menu is very creative and hip!Breakfast was great. Had 3 little pigs portion was huge. Wife had shrimp and grits and was very pleased. Service was good. Was not disappointed at all. Maybe not a must eat but very good.The portions were perfect. The mimosas were generous. The atmosphere was fun and family friendly. We all had something different and we were all thrilled with our choices. The service was friendly and engaging.This place is ridiculous. Yeah, you gotta wait a minute to get a table but sooo worth it. I've been coming to NOLA for a long time and have to say probably the best food I have had yet. If you're not a foodie than don't bother but if you are you'll have multiple foodgasms. Our waitress Neoka was top notch. Service was impeccable. We will probably be back every time we come to NOLA. Have a brandy milk punch while you're there. Can't speak highly enough about this place!Holy delicious. This was the perfect way to start the last day of my business trip to NOLA. The grits were divinely creamy, the biscuit was perfect. This is a must visit breakfast place.Our family of four came here in a heavy rain for breakfast and loved it!  The staff is really good at organizing the flow of people and dishes in and out without ever losing a gracious pace for diners.  My Florentine omelet was outstanding, as were the sides of beautifully seasoned grits and the biggest delicious biscuit I've ever seen. The standard breakfast, three pigs omelet and blackstone eggs (Benedict-like) were given top marks by my family.  We were so glad we came!  Highly recommended.Breakfast was good. 
Congested but worth it. 
Unfortunately they didn't have the morning margarita available in the morning ‍This is most definitely a breakfast stop you will want to make in NOLA. Alberto or Roberto (can't remember). Was most fabulous and helping us choose what to order. Again we ventured off our comfort zone of bacon and eggs and went for all the eggs Benedict. He told us there is one person who sits in the kitchen for eight hours making fresh biscuits every day. They're delish!Best breakfast place in town. A must stop on your travels. Great mimosas and Bloody Mary.During busy season if you want to not wait in the very long wait line, download their app and add yourself to the list app they advertise on their site or get there early by 8am!! Eggs benedicts are a hit but their coffee can surely be improved.  My party of 4 coffee drinkers all left the coffee intact. We all basically ordered to tried the regular ham benedict, fried chicken benedict and pork benedict and shared. All 3 were delicious.OMG...came here upon a friends recomendation while I was in New Orleans and I am so glad we came.  While I will say that the wait can be long, the food is for sure worth it! It has become a for sure spot every time I am in New Orleans.  My usual order is the Chicken St. Charles, which is AH-mazing! Its a piece of fried chicken breast on a buttermilk biscuit with the best taso cream sauce I have ever tasted.  (Make sure you order an extra side of the taso sauce as you will likely want to drink it straight out the bowl)  The last time I went I ordered the half/half so it was 1 chicken st. charles and 1 of the eggs cochon.  The eggs cochon was delish!Not happy with the service at all. Had friends setup a table for 6, the wait was going to be 40 mins. We arrived 15 mins later. In the meantime, they sat our friends at a table for 6 but would not accept us when we arrived. We had to end up sitting at a separate table.Got the shrimp and grits and thought it wouldn't be filling but with the added biscuit this thing had me struggling to finish it. It was also really tasty and hit the spot for this big boy. My friends also all enjoyed their food. I'd definitely come here again just to taste the other treats on their menu.After being in town for a few days, I was tired of mediocre breakfasts from various spots near my hotel...and then I stumbled upon the ruby slipper.  I ate breakfast here every morning for the rest of my trip...Portions were huge....and the food was amazing...I got the corned beef bennie, which was pretty much the best corned beef hash I have ever ever had.....and don't even get me started on the biscuits.  Do yourself a favor and indulge...you won't have to eat for 12 hours...OMG!!! Loved Loved this place. The breakfast was spot on I had the Shrimp and Grits with the biscuit and it was just what I was hoping for. Our waitress suggested adding the cheese to the grits and it is a must. This made for the perfect savory breakfast, but if you like sweet they have that too. I tried a bite of the French toast my partner ordered. It was heavenly, but after Tasting the shrimp & grits I didn't want anything more. I had to fend my partner off with my fork....
Our server, Erin C. was excellent she was spot on with suggestion, friendly, and very personable. She made us feel welcomed while dining with our 3yr old and definitely earned every bit of her tip. We love New Orleans and will definitely return. I highly recommend this place for breakfast/ brunch.Ruby Slipper was next to our hotel and it was delicious!
I'm not much of a breakfast person, so I ordered their chicken salad and fries. Their chicken salad was delicious! It was not too mayonnaise and the creole mustard added a nice kick! My friend had eggs Benedict and she thought they were delicious!
The only negative was the mimosa. I had the cranberry and my friend had The Ruby Slipper. We weren't impressed.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU JOIN THE WAITLIST!Ordered the Bananas Foster Pain Perdue. Excellent and not too sweet as I feared when it arrived. Fun place but get there early in morn to avoid lines.Went to this restaurant for brunch on a Sunday morning around 11 am, clearly a busy time for this place, we ended up waiting about 40 minutes to get a table but it was worth the wait.  This was the only breakfast we actually had during our trip to New Orleans so I don't have much to compare it to, but the chicken Charles was delicious.  It was completely different from anything I have ever had for breakfast.  Almost like a spin off of eggs Benedict.  I only wish I had more sauce, one of my biscuits was covered and the other half was completely dry so that was a bummer,  
I also wasn't a huge fan of the bloody Mary's. I heard they were some of the best in the city so I was really excited to try those but they were a little too spicy for me, I couldn't finish it.
Overall the wait staff was really great, it was definitely a long wait between being seated and getting our food but we were constantly being checked on and our water was always full, and as usual everyone was super friendly! A good place to try out for breakfast, but seems to be pretty touristy so expect to wait!Amazing food. Had the Gulf Fish and it made me smile. Atmosphere was great and I was fully satisfied. I also ordered the Irish coffee and it tasted great just couldn't taste the alcohol, which isn't a bad thing, just not sure if there was any. Either way amazing place :)Don't let the name through you off.  This is a GREAT, down-home, rustic, Southern cooking restaurant.
The many types of Eggs Benedict dishes are KILLER!  I recommend the Pork Cochon -truly amazing- and the fried chicken Benedict.
Jake , our server was a solid dude who provided great service.
I will definitely come back on my next trip to NOLA.Had breakfast there. Great service. Great personnel. Thanks Rachael. The food was wonderful. Definitely will return. You get a lot for your buckFood was fabulous! Atmosphere was busy and crowded, But the staff was caring and attentive.When you start off with a bacon infused Bloody Mary how can it be bad? Well... it can't! I had one of the local Benedicts. It was amazeballs! The biscuit was perfect, poached egg was just right and and fried chicken... yes fried chicken! I maybe shouldn't have done the second Bloody... oh well, when in Rome!This place has fresh food, unique dishes, and stellar drinks. Service is fast and friendly. Great breakfast/ brunch spot!The food was amazing. The waitress and waiters work well together.  We love the restaurant. Get there early because there is usually a line to get in but it's worth the wait.Food was good but COLD. Angela was our server, barely came to ask about food. Few staff members were rushing us to leave and kept asking for plates even though we asked for to go boxes 3 times. Wouldn't come to this location next time.My family and I stopped by the  downtown location on Magazine St. The food was alright, the wait a little long, but my service from Jimmy was great. He was fast, efficient, polite and knew exactly how to handle the "family with kids" type of table.
Will be back again!loveeee it!!!! the food looks beautiful abd our server julie is awesomeeeee! me and my friend are getting the gulf fish st peter which sounds like i'm going to go into a coma!!!!!!!When we arrived at the restaurant we almost turned away because there's was a line out the door. We figured it would probably be that way at every breakfast/brunch spot in the area so we decided to stay. After about a 35-40 minute wait, we were seated. My husband had the "Gulf Fish St. Peter."  I ordered a short stack of pancakes with a side of potatoes. My sister in law had the "BBQ Shrimp & Grits," and my brother had the French Toast. Everything was DELICIOUS! We were so glad we decided to stay at the restaurant.
P.S. order a mimosa! They are really good!omg. this place was amazing!
got in on new years eve at 2pm (they were open one extra hour)...we waited 30 min before we got in, ran some quick errands and came back, it went fast the wait.
the food was amazing
cheesecake stuffed french toast is a real thing...and it was divine
i got the skinny omelette as well(hey i like to eat, dont judge!)
service was pretty great, our server had a great energy about her, very friendly and on point with her recs.
I do wish they served drinks in glassware rather than plastic (who drinks a bellini in a plastic cup?) but maybe that was a new years weekend thing
great place...
totally would recommend it!Was visiting NOLA with a couple of friends and this restaurant was recommended to us. It was a Saturday so we had to wait about 40 minutes but it was definitely well worth the wait! I ordered the Chicken St.Charles which is fried chicken benedict with a pork sauce. I usually don't order things that heavy but was in the mood for some Fried Chicken (...When in NOLA!) It was absolutely delicious! Usually you can't go wrong with fried chicken but this fried chicken was out of the world good! The combination of the crunch from the chicken, the soft buttery biscuit, and the savory creamy pork sauce made for the perfect bite. My friend ordered the banana foster French toast and was also very satisfied with her meal. I would highly recommend this brunch place to another friend.Breakfast all day. Egg Cochon - fatty meaty version of eggs benedict. Served with deconstructed pork (pulled pork). 
Banana foster pain perdu - dessert banana version of French toast
Red velvet pancakes with cool-aid (?) sauce 
All 3 were delicious. The serving sizes were huge but we didn't want anything to go to waste. We took our time and ate them all. 
Minus one star because the servers kept asking us if they could take our plates away when we were still eating. Not sure why there was such a rush. 1/3 of the restaurant was empty.Enjoyed brunch and mimosas. The staff were very friendly and attentive and the food was amazing. I was pleasantly surprised. Needless to say, I also enjoyed the atmosphere. It was very light and airy.Oh my buttermilk biscuit! This place is hands down the best breakfast I've ever had! While there was a wait (it was Mardi Gras, it's expected) and they don't have an indoor waiting area, I can't wait to go back this week for brunch again! We almost decided against not waiting but glad we waited. It's worth the wait!! There was about a 40 min wait when we got here. The actual wait only ended up being about 30 minutes. We were sat at the bar. I started with a mimosa and then ordered the migas dish (one of their house specialties) with a buttermilk biscuit on the side. If you're into tex mex, this dish is for you. The biscuit was definitely the best biscuit I've ever had. I highly recommend trying one here.  Amazing brunch place hands down! We came back again later that week and even took one of their buttermilk biscuits to go, which we nibbled on the next morning. I ordered the migas dish again on our second visit. I will post a photo of the migas dish. If there's a wait, just wait, trust me, it's worth the wait!Came here for a rainy Saturday morning breakfast with group of 7 girlfriends vacationing in New Orleans for a long weekend.  What wonderful serendipity that Ruby Slipper was about one block away from our hotel!  (Although I would have walked much, much farther if I had known how great was the food is at this place!)  
Line was long but it moved fairly fast.  The host was very accommodating when I told him we were a party of 7.  First he suggested we split into 4 and 3, which given how crowded the place was and how hungry we were, was fine.  Host asked if this was special occasion, I shared we were visiting from Philadelphia to celebrate bachelorette style.  When our turn came up for seating, host surprised us with being able to seat all 7 of us at a table.  Kudos!! 
Now food: to die for. Simple.  Just some of the items in our order included oatmeal raisin pancake (delicious and moist, syrup not needed really), fried green tomatoes (fabulous, the remoulade was delicious), bananas foster french toast (yes, with french bread; heavenly combo of plentiful bananas, raisins, hint of rum, and not-too-soggy bread), mushroom omelette with brie (such a meltingly savory combo), and shrimp grits (perfect texture for grits, fab flavor for cajun shrimp). 
Coffee: very nice quality, not watery weak, not heavily burnt, just perfect. 
I give 5 stars for absolutely perfect in all areas.  This was close, very close.  Only thing is that servers seemed a little rushed, confused, and busy.  I'm not saying service was terrible, it was not.  It just could have  been a tad better organized/attentive.  The host and the food more than made up for that though!Ok so on our jazz fest tour we grabbed brunch here on a busy Saturday. Lots and lots of different benedicts, lots of options. Waiter was good, bloodys were better. So I got the Costa Rican/beans and rice w chorizo and egg w a side of grits, the big guy had an omelette and the chicks got several diff variations of Benedict. Hash, fried chicken, pulled pork...all we're good BUT we had to wait a long time for silverware AND the food wasn't hot. Tepid, Luke warm, not hot. Jumpin Jesus get it right people. I do have to confess...hands down the best grits ever. For reals. That alone is worth the trip. All in all a solid 3 stars for the cool funky vibe, great morning drinks, challenging menu. If the food was actually hot and we had silverware...3 3/4Food and the service was amazing - totally worth the wait! 
My only complaint is the larger manager. While waiting for our table I watched him be rude to a number of customers in addition to us.Tried this place because it was highly recommended. The line is long but the secret is to use to nowaitapp... as soon as we got there we were seated. I got the bananas foster and my boyfriend got the eggs cochon (eggs fried over hard). The bananas foster was good but a little too sweet for me (portion sizes are pretty large). I liked the eggs cochon. A good place to try at least once.This place is amazing! First of all, don't come here if you want a healthy breakfast. Get ready to feel disgusting once the adventure is over. Went here based on hotel recommendations. Thursday morning (10:30 am) with no wait. Couldn't understand the waiter when I asked a couple of questions about the dishes. But hey, please excuse us.... getting used to the accent since we are from the northeast. Ordered the Costa Rica - delicious! My husband ordered the Cochon - biscuit with a massive amount of pork. He loved it but it was way too much! If you order this dish, share it! Mimosa was just the right size for the price ($10 for a huge glass). Our waiter was super....and cute :-). He was able to split the bill (in town for a conference). Will definitely come again but I need a brake to clear out my arteries!A NOLA breakfast that lives up to the hype. Potatoes were done perfectly, service was fast and friendly. Get there early and be prepared to wait in line.Amazing food, atmosphere, and prices.  I was seated immediately st the bar.  All the staff are friendly, food is extraordinary high quality. A NOLA must see!GET THE APP. The wait is always long, today we were told 1- 1.5 hours. Being from New Orleans, we never go to "chain" places or tourist traps, but this place was worth it. Standing in the freezing cold, we noticed people walking up saying they got a text message to be seated. We saw people behind us get seated before us. We caught on to this "app" buzz and opted in. After downloading the app, we put our name on the waiting list and were texted for a table within 10 mins!!! GET THE APP! I'm not sure why these even have a hostess stand taking names.....My boyfriend and I visited for brunch. The wait was rather long wish we would have gotten there earlier. We had mimosas as we waited so that made it fun. Food and drinks were amazing as was the latte with nutmeg and yummy goodness.Fantastic service and great affordable food. I mixed and matched my eggs Benedict with the fried chicken and the pork at my waitress's suggestion. And she gave me a to-go cup of coffee with my check! Great option for casual breakfast.My family has been recommending Ruby Slipper for years and I've finally gone and loved it. We got the eggs Benedict trio and the cannoli pancakes and shared some sweet and savory. The cochon de lait Benedict was the resounding favorite! We will be making this a standard!We had the CBH Benedict & Eggs Cochon and 2 bloody Mary's and a side of potatoes.It was spendy considering you have to get potatoes on the side, but i also had to hightail to a nearby hotel to use the bathroom. The food was tasty but something wasn't right with it. Let's just say my bowel was IRATE! Service mediocre at best kind of a get em in get em out kind of deal. I'll stick with smaller less touristy establishments.Goo brunch option in New Orleans. I used the yelp feature to add my name to the waitlist before walking over from the French quarter. So the wait was very short once we arrived. Nice atmosphere and good food and drink options.Best breakfast I've had in a long time. Found these guys on Yelp, and it was only a 5 minute walk from my hotel so we decided to try it. Really glad we did! Our table had the french toast, Louisianan Omelet, and the southerner, it was all amazing. We will be back tomorrow morning to try more of the non traditional dishes. Great staff too!I was by myself so I sat at the bar. Good choice. The bartender, Mirenda said the eggs cochon was her favorite.  Amazing! Love the sauce. When I commented on the Bloody Mary, she said "I make them with love."  I believe it. Who ever made the Hollendaise sauce, made that with love, too.Wow! Super yummy Cajun breakfast!  
Everything my table had was great!
Oreo filled French toast, cinnamon French toast batons, grilled fish St. Peter , omelette. 
Red potatoes were great 
Biscuits were great
Fried cheesy grits were stupid great
Alberto was fantastic.
MAKE SURE TO DOWNLOAD THE APP NOWAIT!!!
-gets you in line before showing up.Don't waste your time or money because they don't care.  What ever you do, if you don't want runny eggs, order them hard boiled.  Cold coffee, cold toast, and cold pancakes.  Oh, and I hope you want your coffee cold.Highly recommend this place. They have good breakfast and rachael was the best so ask for her to be your server!!!I would go here for breakfast everyday if I could.  Visited on a Tuesday last week (July 10) and had an excellent breakfast. Wife ordered the bananas foster french toast and it was magnificent. I had the eggs cochon and enjoyed every bite. Great service, great food, and I would highly recommend it.The chicken st Charles was awesome! Big portions and tasty gravy. Great atmosphere Super friendly staff too.A little bit of a wait but worth it. The shrimp and grits was delicious. Also enjoyed the Ruby Slipper Mimosa to start the morning off rightThe Ruby Slipper Cafe has many accolades to their name--They were voted the best brunch spot by locals and a favorite among those on TripAdvisor.  Because of this, I knew I had to pay them a visit to see if the "shoe" fits and it certainly does!
----The Food----
Eggs Cochon ($13.00)- This dish was a dream, mainly because of the pork! Noted as their signature item, it's an eggs benedict with slow cooked, apple braised pork stacked on homemade buttermilk biscuits, topped with large poached eggs, and drizzled with hollandaise sauce.  I could eat that tender, flavorful pork all day.  While this plate is one of my favorite dishes in NOLA, I felt the thick hollandaise sauce could've used more kick/flavor.  Thankfully, the perfectly poached eggs provided some yolk to amplify the taste.  The buttermilk biscuits are admittedly better than Stanley's too.
Bananas Foster Pain Perdu ($11.00)- I commend The Ruby Slipper Cafe for trying to bring a different element to this popular dish by using actual french baguette and cutting it in odd/unique fashion to form their french toast on this plate.   However, I feel it took away from the texture of french toast that I prefer.  While it was still enjoyable, I felt myself quickly overwhelmed at meals end.  The Banana Foster at Stanley wins in this battle.  This plate is also served with rum flambeed bananas, raisins, and applewood bacon which all overshadowed the french toast, easily.  
Cheese grits ($3.25)- Who doesn't like cheese grits?! 
----
Conclusion: With the fun, charming atmosphere and vast, affordable brunch menu, I'd recommend this spot as a must-visit in NOLA--ESPECIALLY for their Eggs Cochon!
Extra Notes:
-Accepts credit card
-Parties of 6 or more will be charged a 18% service charge
-Love the decor, seating styles, chalkboard menus, and picnic tables outside
-Wait times seem to be fumed about on Yelp, but I was seated quickly
-Service could be more attentive here, but friendly
-Restrooms could be cleanerGreat space, good AC, which is critical in NOLA.
There is a line outside, but turnover is fast. It's kind of pricy. $13 for eggs. Service, atmosphere and music are cool. 
I got the eggs cochon(eggs bennie over fresh biscuit and pulled pork). It was cooked perfectly, and very filling, although for $13 I would have liked a side of some kind.
The lost star was for the price. Otherwise, great spot.We started our morning here with breakfast; seeing how busy it was, we had high hopes for our experience here.
We ordered two benedicts, the eggs cochon (pork debris) and chicken st. charles (fried chicken). While the egg cochon benedict was good, the fried chicken on the st charles benedict was very disappointing. It was not hot, dry, and flavorless. We had fried chicken every day on our trip to NOLA, and while this was mainly a benedict dish, it had the worst fried chicken we had on this trip.
Another thing that was disappointing was that we didn't get our utensils right away; we got them after getting our waiter's attention AFTER having our meals sent to us. Our waiter was nice and all, but missing utensils is such a sad feeling especially when food is right in front of us, seriously!
Maybe it was just an off day?Judging from the other ratings maybe I went to the wrong location or I ordered the wrong thing. 
I like the ambiance, I like decor, the staff was very friendly, anyone who walked past me spoke which was awesome. I love when restaurants make me feel like i'm shopping in a department or boutique. 
I ordered the French Toast, pork sausage, and stone ground grits. I asked the host early on what the kitchen time was so I could hurry back to my office, she said 15 minutes  I waited for 30. I saw people who arrived well after I did get their food first. I was even a lil more perturbed that the bartender I ordered with kept eyeing me but never walked over to reassure me that my food was on its way or offer me a drink or even see if i wanted one. He failed at up-selling me. Finally my food came and then he asked if there was anything I needed. UH NO. I've wasted 30 minutes of my life I'll never get back and I'm in too much of a rush to order anything else, even a drink, on the chance I could be waiting here another 30 minutes. **rolls eyes. 
I walked back to my office mumbling "this sh** better be worth 30 minutes." 
It was not. 
My french toast wasn't finished cooking, they were really wet all over and seemed to only be cooked on one side. The sausage was fine but didn't really have any flavor. And the stone ground grits i just don't prefer. I don't believe anything was wrong with them. 
I really didn't have time to turn around to get my French Toast redone because I had already waited so long. 
I don't think I would ever go back i would choose "Another Broken Egg" over this place ANY DAY.This place was our favorite meal on our visit to NOLA!  Everything we ordered was a total hit!  Best egg benedicts I've ever had and love that you can create your own combo.  We ordered Bacon Bloody Marys, The Peacemaker, Costa Rican, Croque Madame, and Cinnamon Swirl Pancakes.  Peacemaker (one Eggs Cochon, served on a bed a pulled pork and one Chicken St. Charles)...can't wait to go back for this.  Costa Rican...Scrambled eggs over black beans, rice, sausage and tomato salsa - yum! Croque Madame - huge and delicious (made 2 meals out of it).  And the pancakes - no syrup needed as it had this heavenly cream cheese glaze on top.  This place is a must!Food is delicious, drinks and service are good. We got the fried chicken benedict and the pulled pork one as well. We also got a Bloody Mary and it was flavorful and the right amount of spice. They also have a kids menu.  Using yelp to wait in line for you is the way to go. It was a busy Saturday and we got in about 5 minutes after arriving instead of waiting 45 minutes.  Downsides are that it's very loud in there and the restrooms are not super clean.Local Gem! Tried Chicken St. Charles and it was yummy. Good food and worth the wait! Server (with the pretty color dyed hair) was super nice and shared the story of how Ruby Slipper was first started!It took a while to get into this place, but it was definitely worth it. Biscuits were phenomenal (not too dry) and all the food was really great. Sad to have learned about this place on the last day of our trip. Definitely recommended and will definitely be back.Worst management of wit time ever. I was with a baby and did the reservation through the app (wait time 1 hour). I went there and waited even longer than that. And at the end, i was notified to wait 15more minutes. The staff did the least of efforts to accommodate me with a little baby. Obviously, i left and I'm leaving this review.We had a great experience here! The food and service were wonderful. Julie was our server and she was extremely friendly and attentive.  We had the cornbread Benedict and the salmon omelette and both were tasty.  The bloody was very good too! We put our name on the wait list through this app and it worked out perfect...Sunday before Jazz fest so happy the wait wasn't insane for us.  We plan on going back before leaving town.use the nowait app! the line is ridiculously long. the egg cochon with pork was delicious. the pork was very tender and flavorful. the egg, pork, and english muffin trio definitely worked well. the iced coffee only comes with 2% milk fyi. very loud atmosphere but an overall pleasant way to recuperate from bourbon street madness the night beforeWe went to the Ruby Slipper in Pensacola. We were dazzled, so we had to go to the Ruby Slipper here in New Orleans. Hands down Pensacola has it over this New Orleans location. The food was prepared so much better in Pensacola than at this New Orleans location. We both got the chicken Saint Charles. The chicken was overcooked and the poached eggs were a little overdone, plus we had to ask for extra sauce.  We wanted to love it, but we were just a bit disappointed.  We thought it would be even better in NO.I sliced into the poached egg and watched the the runny liquid drizzle slowly over the corned beef. It was like cutting into the heart of the world, and watching life itself spill over. I felt the gravity of the earth shift as I inserted the saturated biscuit into my drooling mouth.