Best straight up coffee in town. Old, beautiful building that used to be a bank. Quiet upstairs seating with a nice view of the place & the cool old-school chandeliers. Bathrooms are a little rough - but really, not that bad, this isn't a chain. If that's the only trade off, I'll take it.This place has a nice ambience, it was an old bank therefore has some interesting decor. Additionally, the coffee shop plays classical music which is a nice touch. It is also spacious with plenty of seating available. However, these are the only good things about this place. The drip coffee/iced-coffee is terrible-watery and poorly brewed. Being that the ice-coffee is tasteless is quite a shame, considering good cold brew is quite popular and in abundance in New Orleans. The food is also quite expensive $11-12 dollars for a small sandwich. I recently had the Roasted Pepper and smoked Gouda soup and it was served cold. Also, it tasted quite old, and gave me stomach pains shortly after eating it. The last negative thing I would like to say about this place is the "dishware" aspect. My utensils are always plastic/styrofoam even if I eat in the cafe. I ordered a cappuccino and it was served in a mug, and not in a typical cappuccino cup. My cold brew it served in a hot coffee to-go cup. It may not be a huge deal, but when you order out in a coffee shop, part of the "cost" associated with the inflation in price per cup versus making it yourself is the ambience and the proper service. The fact they neglect this makes me unwilling to frequent this place. I have tried to like this place many times and it never gets better. Although it may be nice to sit in for a while, I suggest ordering something mild- like tea or lemonade and heading to Z'otz for food or snacks.I should be doing work here, but instead I'm writing on yelp.  Go figure.  
The lighting really sucks at nighttime and the drinks are okay (nothing great).   I haven't tried their sandwiches, but they looked promising. The chairs are also really uncomfortable.  Maybe there's some kind of couch or sofa somewhere in the loft?  Oh, and cash only.  
*sigh* Other than that, I guess it fulfills my purpose for the night: a quiet place to finish up work.  That and the building itself and the subtle decor is pretty cool.  High ceilings and an owl sculpture at the top of the door.  Did I mention gargoyles?  So...three stars for you!Love this place!  Love it so much!  The building itself is a real gem.  It's nice to be in a space with high ceilings that isn't cluttered with stuff to just fill the area.  Great decor, it felt like old world urban... if that makes sense.  Like, 1800's hipster.  Either way, loved it so much.
The food is simple and the coffee is great.  Had iced teas, frappes, and iced coffees... everything was good.  Their tea selection was actually really nice, lots to choose from.  The bagel and lox was super delicious and a real pleasant surprise to see on the menu as I hadn't run across it anywhere else in the city (I eat that a lot at home).  Great place.The atmosphere, vibe, decor whatever you want to call it is amazing! It's a great place to talk with friends or get some work done.  It does have a library feel to it which I love with the old green lamps on the tables upstairs.  I had the chai latte.  It was not good at all but I will definitely go again for a nice cup tea and to chill in that environment.Classy coffee shop located within a vintage building that is surround with marble and old fashion chandlers. It had an old library vibe while enjoying a coffee and bagel. 
Menu is hand written and varies day to day with new specials. They have a variety of drip coffees that cover all taste buds. I'd your craving something to eat along with your coffee they have a list of bagel sandwiches to choose from along with the classic bagel and cream cheese combo. 
Recommend the rye bagel with the bacon and shallot cream cheese. That's if you are craving a savory bagel. The date and honey cream cheese on the rye bagel was also tasty too. 
The service was very personal. The hostess delivered our every order one at a time. 
Note-classical music is the music of choice. Even though your in New Orleans-there is no jazz or hipster pop music.This is the best Rue.  Smoking upstairs and there are lots of outlets for your laptop, though no Wifi.  Iced coffee here has LOTS of caffeine.  The staff can be a bit smug, but that's kinda what you expect out of the Rue.
UPDATE:  no more smoking inside.  The clientele has also changed, with the *cool* kids moving down the street to ZOTZ, which for the record is smoking everywhere, at least till the new law kicks in.  ...And is enforced.Love the place but highly upset that my drinks always get thrown alway by a worker r/and customers when I happen to go to the restroom even if I place a napkin on the top of it. One day someone will catch me on a bad day.Not freezing inside. Affordable coffee and tastes great. Waiters and waitresses never smile. I don't know why, but it's cool. 
Moderately clean, a lot of tables, abs very spacious. Usually plays classical music in the background. 
Only downside is that the free Wi-Fi is unreliable and can get slow or crash at times.I have to agree with some of the other reviewers here. This should be a really nice coffee shop, lots of space, nice building, wifi BUT the staff totally ruin it. Miserable, unhelpful, unwelcoming.Great coffee and a cool interior. The architecture of this Riverbend coffee house on St. Charles is worth a trip. The sculpted bats drinking coffee are a hidden treat.
Food choices include pastries and bagel sandwiches. Both look great and the bagel sandwiches have interesting combinations. 
The coffee, the reason fur our visit, was some of the best we had in NOLA. We had macchiatos and the espresso was great with notes of citrus. 
The interior has a balcony and large open feel. There is outside seating and friendly and competent baristas.One of the most pleasant of the 'Rue's. Nice quiet mezzanine area, usual decent coffee and such.I'm not a coffee shop person as I would rather have beer than coffee.  If you find yourself in need of a coffee shop this is a beautiful location in an old bank.  They have a large downstairs, sidewalk seating and a cool upstairs so you can find the perfect nook to use your computer, study, read, stalk the other coffee shop patrons or whatever it is that people do in coffee shops.  I've stopped in here a few times to use the WiFi and it seems like it usually has decent connectivity and speed.  You should keep in mind that this joint is frequently very crowded and they only take cash.  The coffee isn't anything outstanding and cost more than coffee should and in this area I would rather go to Cooter Brown's to use their WiFi and drink beer.I visited this place every day for a week while in Nola, and it's the best coffee shop I've found. Each time I come, I ask the barista to surprise me- whatever you order, you won't be disappointed! The shop is has beautiful high ceilings, the area in general is absolutely gorgeous, and classical music makes a great working environment. Five stars!!Coffee is mediocre and overpriced.  You can get at least as good or better at almost any coffee shop (P.J.s, Starbucks) to include a roadside gas station, I kid you not.   I've had better coffee (and better service, and better prices) at a Racetrack Gas Station.  The old bank building is really beautiful which is about all this place has going for it.  I have no doubt that the rent costs a small fortune or if it is owned that said owner paid an arm and a leg for the place.  It impresses me as snobby and hoity toity (which is not necessarily a problem), but really nice.  
Now for the most significant reason for the poor rating:  The staff. 
I was there about a week ago and I had some hippie/ hipster cool dude smarted off to me -- incredibly rude -- on the level in which I don't believe I have ever experienced.  I was so taken a back that I checked for other reviews to see if my experience was an anomaly.   Sadly, It wasn't by a long shot.  
One writer wrote the following words which almost exactly mirrored my experience:
"The Staff!!!   The staff here are 20 something year old hipsters that give off a vibe that you're wasting their time every time you try to order something.  There also appears to be zero supervision of said hipsters, so there is no accountability for their rudeness."  Several other reviewers said essentially the same.  Here is another comment that mirrored mine, "If that's not enough for your physical health, you may be fortunate enough to be overcharged, grumbled at and treated condescendingly by some young f-ing dudes/girls you will want to slap real hard."    
It isn't just the rudeness, it is the attitude that is obviously behind it.   I get the very distinct impression that the staff is a bunch of overindulged, snobby rich kids working a side job as they become "educated" at one of our local institutions of higher learning, most likely Tulane.   If the staff ever knew such a thing as southern hospitality, which is highly doubtful, they are certainly not practicing it.  There is nothing on earth worse than some condescending hippie kid who apparently thinks that his smells like daisys.  
One last thing, whoever the owner is, is apparently highly disengaged, and probably making bank..  Because of the location, location, location of the place, which is prime real estate, it will be difficult for the place to fail.  This neuvo riche, Ivory tower atmosphere, apparently gives the millennial hipster punks that quintessential and oh so charming "go screw yourself" disposition.   
I will not be returning to this establishment.Well, I guess the best thing about not having WI-FI at my apartment is that I get to make a small trip over here a few times a week, if not a few times a day. I like to study to soft and classical piano music... so that gives it 3 stars right there. 
An extra star for having awesome hot chocolate and good service. I'm pretty sure this is a cash only place, so just be prepared with that. There is a small upstairs area with a few extra tables in addition to the spacious downstairs area. At night, you can turn on a lamp for extra lighting, if you have one at your table. Outlets are plentiful so you can charge your laptops. 
I've never seen this place too crowded. And if it is a little more than usual, people keep quiet and to themselves and respect that this is a university area and people are studying. I really like coming here. When I need to get away and be alone, this is where I come. Great place.Their coffee is terrible. I have a difficult time understanding how a coffee house cannot master a basic brew. It's coffee. You sell coffee. I am of the old school that enjoys a nice brew with creamer and sugar. Nothing fancy, but classic. Rue De La Course failed me.
Decor inside is okay. 
It felt like I was back in class.
The wifi is seriously lacking.
There was water on the floor by the front entrance and the sugar/creamer bar. No attempt to clean it up or warn patrons of the potential danger.
I left after 15 minutes. 
I won't come back.Best iced coffee I've ever had! Tastes like coffee ice cream. Cold pressed apparently makes a huge difference. Who knew?decent place to hang for quiet wifi time or reading.  food is good and they are open til 11pm.  house brew is pretty decent.  however i ama  tea drinker and call me a tea snob.  not at all impressed with the tea, tried about all the varieties and they all taste watered down.  stick to the coffee here.This is pretty much the archetype for the sit and study coffeeshop. The shop is situated in a gorgeous old bank that the owners have gone to great lengths to clean up. 
Inside you will find neat rows of small wooden tables, exactly two chars each. Everyone here seems to be glued to a book or laptop, headphones on. The place is quiet, not much of a place for conversation but if you've got work to do this is definitely a conducive environment.
The coffee is uniformly OK.  They offer the full range of espresso beverages as well as tea, drip coffee and yerba mate. A handful of different coffees are available brewed including the local (mysteriously) favorite chicory blend. Light meals are also available; so far I have only had the soup and has been excellent both times. I didn't really care for how they gave me potato chips with my soup one time instead of the excellent bread I had been accustomed to.
Cash only. If you look in the back there is a big wall for various handbills for bands, workshops and for sale ads. Additional seating upstairs with some outside tables for good weather use. 
The bathroom is a bit run down for what it's worth.Good coffee! They use "French Truck Coffee" (as long as you like French style coffee...acidic etc) you'll like the coffee. Great environment, good service, barista seem to know what they're doing. Great place to study/work & sip on some deliciousness... 
Although the seats are slightly uncomfortable for Tall people...high back that leans in...huh... 
The small bill cash request is kinda silly (I understand why...but you're gona have to
probably be a little more progressive if you want to tap into the hipster market...)Decent coffee, uncomfortable chairs... I was not looked at as a human being because I didn't have a skateboard and wasn't wearing a beanie. 
I mean come on, its a coffee shop, not a secret club. I give you the dolla you make me holla, am I right? Am I right?? Sheesh!! 
Quick tip - to get better service, wear a hoodie with it pulled over your head, use zero manners, and whatever you do, don't smile at the baristas, they don't like it.They have decent coffee, but serve everything in styrofoam cups or else coffee mugs. They serve light fare like soups, but they have no crackers and just give little toasted burger buns. All that is fine for what it is except the staff are bratty! I can handle a moody teenager but these are adult people, curt and short and thankless every time I've come since I started working on Oak a month ago.I study here due to the location, the largeness of the cafe, and 100% for the music (Ralph Vaughan Williams, Chopin, Vivaldi, etc.).  The coffee is good.
I have a bone to pick with the staff.  A, your job is easy compared to Starbucks (not that I frequent Starbucks - I don't.  I've only heard it is a very stressful barista position).  They are rude, quiet, and when they ask you a question across the bar, and I respond "excuse me?" they roll their eyes and then quietly repeat the question.  Once, they had a paper sack with "coffee questions" written with a black Sharpie where one ordered coffee and they pointed to the questions.  Is it too much to ask for a barista to ask "what size? for here/to go?"  The milk has a station so really the only questions they need to ask are "what size/for here or to go."  Perhaps all of them have college degrees, but I work in retail with a college degree.  
B, you will catch the staff changing your $10 bill for 1 cup of coffee in dollar bills (this place is cash only).  This is NOT a subtle way to get a tip!!!
C, the staff will empty their tip jar loudly every 20 minutes or so to count their tips.  It's obnoxious and tacky.
D, I do not tip a $1 for every refill.  Like I said, I work in retail.
I wouldn't normally leave a review for a cafe, but this is a very classy place and amazing for studying.  Wipe the staff clean though, please.We foolishly took the St. Charles street car from Canal St. all the way over here to eat dinner at Jacques Imo's on a very rainy, windy evening. (Guy passing us on a bike:  "Seattle won the playoff game and then cursed us with their weather.")   Why was this foolish?  Because it was Sunday, and Jacques Imo's is closed on Sundays. D'oh!
We decided to duck into this place to get out of the rain, call a cab, and figure where to go to dinner.  It was very spacious and filled with people working on their computer, reading books, and writing notes.  The ceiling was incredibly tall with a lofted level with additional seating.  I'm not sure how old the building was, but it certainly was historical.  They were playing classical music, which is a rarity for coffee shops and for New Orleans.  Although I'd probably use headphones if I studied there for a long time, it was a nice change of pace.
We got a cappuccino and hot chocolate.  Both were good, and the cappuccino was really a cappuccino and not a latte!  
The place was cash-only, which was a bit annoying.
If I lived in New Orleans, I would get work done here all of the time.Absolutely LOVE the coffee and the space is tremendous, but warm and inviting.  I'm a big croissant fan, and their crossaints are a huge step down in quality from the coffee offerings.  It's really quite sad and is why I'm giving this place a 3-star rating, and it slays me to have to do it, but a latte and croissant are what I consider the perfect start of the day.  If only they had real croissants instead of something that looks like they come out of a Sara Lee bag.  The rest of the breakfast offerings are not appealing either.  I wish they had it all, but they don't.  I'm not sure why not.  They get the coffee so right!!Great place to study, as long as you download necessary PDFS before hand. Wifi is slow and spotty. Music is good, food and drinks are good and not too pricey. Taking one star off for the bathrooms. Pretty gross and they smell. They could easily be made as nice as the rest of this place with regular cleaning, a working air filter or freshener, and maybe a nice soap dispenser and some flowers (even fake ones). Extra points for a fresh coat of paint on the walls. Management: Take notes from the restroom at cafe Luna.i don't even want to review this place bc i love it so much 
perfect 
wonderful 
amazing 
(ps--the graffiti there is half the charm, especially sitting on the second floor)Beautiful space but this place has seriously missed the mark. The coffee was fine but the pastries were beyond bad and the tables on the balcony were covered with a very thick layer of dust. The bathrooms were absolutely filthy a.d disgusting. If it is that gross a s dusty where customers are you can only imagine what it is like in their kitchenThe option to sit upstairs or down, is a testimony to the amount of space in here.
I'm a big fan of their unique iced coffee creations here and the lemon squares...mmmm.
This place is perfect for the weekend too, because if you  want to break a bit, just walk outside and take a stroll up Oak st., and I'm certain you'll find something to get into for an hour or so. 
I took of f a star because there was a few bad bananas here on display one day. Gotta keep fresh fruit chief.Bought a large coffee because there is internet here, supposedly.  Only needed to download a document to work on but could not get on for 20 min.  If you don't need internet, that's fine, but coffee houses should also be honest, and tell you the internet does not work BEFORE you pay for a coffee.Great location, beautiful building, decent tomato soup and my chai was pretty good as well! The people who worked here weren't the friendliest, but was a perfect place to sit down, have a cup of chai, and read a book.Rue is one of my favorite places for coffee, and since the one on Magazine is now closed (boo) this is the one you gotta go to.  I'll be honest, I'm not the biggest fan of this location.  Oak in general tends to be kind of a mess, and I'm the type who doesn't like to drive around looking for a place to park.
Enough with the complaints!  I love the coffee here.  This place has huge windows and has a great light, and the cool thing about this Rue is the fact that it has an upstairs, so if you have to study and get away from the crowd, you can sneak up there and get some work done.
I'll probably re-review after I visit a few times and let the shop grow on me.Rue DE la Course is a GREAT study spot. It's gothic architecture and quiet atmosphere provide the perfect location for concentration on school. It's my favorite go-to-spot to study. There are a variety of beverages to choose from! The lattes are delicious and the teas are made excellent. My favorite selection of teas are the black teas, like English breakfast or earl grey. I highly recommend the mocha frappe! It's chocolatey goodness that hits the right spot.The large matte latte with soy is delicious---but it comes at a price that's less than consistent. I know I paid $3 and a little change for the same drink the other day. Have gotten this drink 4 times this week and then today I paid $4.85 for it? What the hell? Also as many other reviewers say---the staff is not friendly.
But...
The building is sweet. My man and I agree they could do SO much more with this place. 
A few suggestions...
Hire a friendlier staff or get them to be nicer! (Seems like this should be a priority for places people want to hang out on their laptops and eat and work for hours.)
Put your prices on the board or have them available SOMEWHERE otherwise it looks really shady when you charge people different prices for the same basic drink.
Put some comfy couches in? Maybe a booth or two? Cozy it up. 
I will probably be back to get another matte latte but mainly because I'm curious to see what the mystery price will be!This place was an oasis on our bike ride from  Carrolton in Mid-City down to St. Charles. For $2.63 I got a small iced coffee which was incredibly welcomed and satisfying after a hot bike ride. Though the coffee wasn't bad, I wouldn't come back here because the atmosphere is so....generic. It was like I was in a hipster office space; everyone sat facing the door in 2-seater tables behind their mac's. It was really strange.
Besides that, the building is really nice and so are the barista's.The building is amazing! Beautiful architecture with minimalistic decor that fits the feel. The food unfortunately had little flavor. We ordered the breakfast bagels with sausage and both of us were disappointed. The bagels were nice and chewy and flavorful but other than that the cheese wasn't even melted. Just seemed like frozen pieces put in the middle of the bagel. The iced coffee was excellent, my husband's chai tea was on the weak side, but he likes it strong. The woman who helped us was nice. Overall this coffeehouse will be filed under unmemorable.Perfect location for meeting up with people and hanging out.
Perfect location for just chilling and watching people out on Carrollton.
Perfect location for a chai latte mmm.
Perfect location for romantic lighting.
Bad location for studying.
Bad location for espresso drinks (you never know but mostly it's been bad for me)
Bad location for low noise level, and if it is low then the lighting is bad so...
Bad location if you're not carrying cash.
So, I would rate rue more than 3 stars but the coffee drinks are just too hit or miss truthfully.Best coffee in town.
I swear, I lived here for three and a half years.
The staff is awesome, especially Corina.Good coffee, quick service, wifi, an ATM, and indoor/outdoor seating make this a nice place to study or spend a 30 minute break from work. There isn't much in the way of atmosphere, but they do offer a discount to Oak street employees. The mushroom and brie soup is also great although not sold every day.I LOVE grabbing a harvest muffin and a table here to sit down and study or read or just chat. One of my favorite places and biking distance from my place!This is one of my favorite coffee shops to visit. It's really peaceful here, especially on the balcony part and the coffee is pretty great. Always strong just the way I like it. If you're goin her just make sure to try and park on a side street to avoid a potential ticketI started going to Rue De La Course when I first moved to New Orleans.  I wanted to find a coffee shop where I could study and not feel like I'm in a night club (cough cough Starbucks).  They play classical music very low so that it's a very relaxing atmosphere.
I get the same thing every time I go here and it's never disappointed me.  My standard order is a soy latte (sometimes with a shot of praline) and a marble rye bagel.  I love the bagel!  It's got a different flavor cause it is a rye bagel but I recommend it to everyone.
The tables are big enough whereThe interior is something that must be seen to be believed. Coffee shop in an old bank, with all the old trappings still intact. Gorgeous wall moldings, glorious chandeliers, and glamorous doors. 
However that austerity can make the vibes a little colder than what I want in a coffee shop. This coldness isn't helped by the classical music soundtrack that was playing when we came. Could have used some ambient indie rock to warm the place up. 
Coffee is solid, not outstanding. But definitely some of the best joe in this city of cocktails and beer. 
All in all, worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood.What a cool coffee shop.
This is a big coffee shop with one large open room downstairs and a more private loft area upstairs. The upstairs area is nice and somewhat secluded. It would be perfect for reading, studying or other activities requiring seclusion.
There are also several tables outside which have a good view for people watching. The outside area is my preferred area, but some people prefer the inside. Either way, this is a cool location.
The coffee is very good. I am an iced coffee aficionado and theirs ranks very high. They also offer bagels and other food. On my most recent trip I had an everything bagel. It was good, but not great.
The staff was friendly and efficient. 
This location is not in an area I frequent so my trips may be few and far between. If I am in the area again, I will gladly stop in for coffee.Ambience is quiet. The Americano I ordered was good. Nothing distinctive to comment about. Could have marketed the source of their beans more as they had a lot of selection on a side wall. Feels like a library in this place which is a welcomed change from a busy Starbucks. Great if you're looking for a place to study.Coffee is good, not great. Bagels are usually good, but the one I had yesterday was SO STALE and hard. Also, the multiple times I've had a bagel with avocado on it, every time I've had to take the avocado off because it is either rock hard and unripe, or gross and overripe and brown. I'm sure the presence of avocado on the sandwich is like a $1.50 charge so come on, please put fresh ingredients on your bagels if I'm paying this much for them. Also, prices next to the bagels would be lovely so people know how much they cost.The mocha frappe is yummm!!!! I also get their cold brew with a shot of espresso & it's always good. beautiful place, i'll be back!Great coffee! The coffee is strong and bold, and a great way to wake up. I always get a cappuccino or caffe latte. Both are excellent!
Their bagels are also delicious as well. I particularly love the Marigny. That tomato cream cheese is absolutely divine. The sprouts are always crisp! I am not a big avocado eater, but there are rare exceptions when I can tolerate it...this sandwich is one!
This place has a great atmosphere. The space is stunning. Also quite large. This is an ideal spot to take in the beautiful St. Charles Avenue and Oak Street. 
Friendly employees.My first time here today, came here because I read it was a cool place for coffee. I ordered an Iced Chai Latte and couldn't drink it at all, the fact that they don't accept credit cards it's also a minus. I love the environment and old building.Just what I was looking for on a muggy day of strolling through NOLA and riding the streetcar. 
Was greeted by the high walls of what I would guess was once a trolley station and the pleasant reverberation of classical piano and strings floating from above amidst the many coffee slurping gargoyles ensconced in the window arches.
Best almond croissant I've had. Coffee was good. 
Glad I stopped here.Best coffee in nola. Great condiments and facility is great to study or read at. Great location on carrolton. I miss the one on magazine.I LOVE their Cafe latte's & SOOOO MISS their location on Carondelet!! wish they'd come back!! (come back come back!!)The coffee in this place is decent. I've had better at a lot of spots in NOLA, but it's alright. The staff seems generally pissed that they are there and that you've inconveniently come in and asked them to do something. God forbid you order food. The sandwich I got was swimming in mayo, even though I asked for none. I'm relatively confident the barista did this just to spite me for ordering food. I would have complained but I'm pretty sure this dude would have spit on me. If there's one thing this baristas know how to do it's glower. I guess wearing plaid and a scruffy beard and slinging coffee in an old bank makes you better than everyone. The old banks pretty cool though.I absolutely love this coffee shop! First of all, it's in an awesome neighborhood. Second, the building is beautiful! There are plenty of tables to sit down and work at, and the wifi is good. I've  ordered the iced coffee -  my go to drink - and it has been tasty and reasonably priced. I've also had their iced tea, which was very refreshing. I also love that this place is right by the best used book store so you can pick up a book then come read it with coffee!If you walk in and notice the grand entrance and think this place is going to be on the expensive side, you are right! And may I add, the price does not justify the quality in this situation as I have had much better tea and coffee options in this city. 
Now if you plan on dropping in and spending a few hours getting some work done with the convenient free wifi, maybe reading a book, or even people watching, this is your place. The atmosphere is very conducive to being productive with classical and sometime very light jazz music. The library feel of the vaulted ceilings, soft lit lamps, and a second floor for better viewing. It almost makes up for the mediocre beverages.Despite living within walking distance of rue, I will never go back. I'm a grad student whose time spent in coffee shops is unrelenting. However, I'll have to drive to a different place now to alter between studying feverishly and crying over my imminent doom whilst sipping coffee.
I used to go to rue just about every day. After spending a significant amount of time here studying for an exam one day (and ordering coffee and a muffin), I went home to find my Internet on the fritz. Having an assignment due tomorrow, I turned right around and went back to rue to finish up said assignment - an activity requiring less than 10 minutes. I got back to rue and continued to work until I was interrupted by the hipster barista, who told me I could "buy something or leave". I was mortified, as I am by no means an individual trying to rip off a small, local business. Before I could explain, the barista turned around and stomped back to its cave. Out of sheer embarrassment, I bought another muffin from Sasquatch and got the **** out of there.
Other notes about this place include its great architectural appeal, complete with dim lighting with which you can barely see your notes and crappy, uncomfortable chairs as old as the building. But damn it, that bran muffin was good.Excellent cappuccino and killer place. Being a photographer I love the daylight coming into such a beautiful old building! I'll be back!When deciding whether to go to Rue de la Course or another coffee shop, it's important to ask yourself what you want from the experience. A quiet place to study or talk to friends? Somewhere to camp out or just grab a brew and walk around? A place to impress your friends with how worldly you must be to know about such a stunning piece of architecture transformed into a coffee destination? Because if you're looking to impress or grab and go, this might be just the place for you. 
I spent an afternoon here recently when it was a lovely 70 degrees and not humid outside. In the shop though, it was much warmer, to the point where I was sweating sitting there and considered taking breaks to go out into the coolness of New Orleans. Does this seem right to anyone?
Important details: my latte cost me $5.80. I have never in my life paid so much for an espresso drink, not even at a damn airport. Yes, I did get it with soy and a flavoring, but elsewhere this usually costs me upwards of $4.50. Was it good? Yes. Did it change my life? Have to say no. My friend got an iced coffee that was half the price of my beverage, so it seems like coffee rather than espresso is the way to go here. I had thought about getting a pastry but once I found out how much my drink was, I couldn't afford to add anything to it.
Others have commented on the library feel of this place and that is spot on. It's like being in a schmancy reading room at a library, but replace the table lamps with chandeliers. For me, the biggest strike against Rue de la Course was the seating. They have those straight, mostly open-back chairs that my grandparents had and I hated sitting in even as a child. If you actually are trying to sit there for hours getting work done, it can be pretty uncomfortable and prohibitive. I didn't see if there were outlets on the walls, but the majority of tables here are in the middle of the room, so if you need to plug in this likely isn't the place for you.
Last thing of note: the bathrooms. My friend was totally creeped out by them and described them as creepy and potentially haunted. What bothered me more was that they were out of toilet paper, and despite the fact that the right bathroom was big enough to be a bedroom, there were no stocked supplies inside. They really ought to have a cabinet or something in there if they're not going to check on them regularly. When I went up to the counter to tell them that they were out, I stood there for almost a minute while they chatted to themselves, made eye contact with me, and then resumed their conversations before I finally interrupted them to say they were out. There was no apology for blatantly ignoring me or even a "thank you" for helping them do their job. Just an "ok."This is the perfect spot for coffee or a coffee drink. The setting is a classic historical building. The music is mellow and the space is bright. For the coffee lover who needs time alone on a laptop - best place in town!I love the atmosphere here -but the coffee isn't my favorite. I had an iced coffee yesterday, and it was very bitter.This place has some serious problems. It is in a beautiful building that will attract any passerby and has excellent seating and classical music if you're into that thing.
However, about half the staff are rude and pretentious (that seems to be less true the more I go) and it's horrendously overpriced.
I suppose the owner thought he would invest as little as possible in this place and coast by on the visual aspects.
Perfect place to study. The classical music drowns out all else and there are tons of tables. The lighting sucks at night, so just move under one of the lights. The chairs are completely uncomfortable, which I find highly conducive to studying.
Like others, I wish it were cheaper, better staffed, had an oven, sold real pastries, and brewed better coffee more frequently, but take it for what it is -- beautiful -- and don't leave a tip.Absolutely the worst cup of coffee I've had all year.  Ordered a double shot espresso.  So bitter as to be almost undrinkable.  Probably  stale beans.  Also noted that on their sandwiches there is a 20 cent extra charge for creole or Dijon mustard.  Really?I love the location being set in a swanky old bank, it is possibly the coolest coffee shop setting in the city. This place is a great change from the blahhh coffee shop at the law school and I love to take the short trip when I have time. When I visited I just ordered a standard iced coffee + half and half. Overall I was impressed, the coffee was good and the setting was amazing. This is my favorite place to get coffee in NOLA right now y'all!Love this place! It used to be my secret study hideout, but I guess word got out as to how awesome it is...
Gorgeous space because it used to be a bank - high ceilings, chandeliers, airy and bright. Perfect first thing in the morning with the sun streaming through, or late and night with the glow of the table lamps.
Lots of tables and chairs on both floors. Everyone here always seems to be working on important or artistic things. It's a bit indie, but not intimidating. Gotta say that the space makes me feel more intellectual when studying.
So much drink variety! Their coffee is good and strong, though they also have a vast selection of loose-leaf teas. It can get a little pricey, but I'd say it's worth it. They care about the quality of the product. Also, they have some good sandwiches, salads, soups, and pastries.
My only complaint is that there are hardly any vegan food options unlike Z'otz down the street.Beautiful place, lovely music. Their mocha frappe is what makes me come back often. I must admit, they have the best mocha frappuccino I've ever tasted. It is just that outstanding! I have tried their coffee before. It is not my favorite drink, but I can definitely say it is some delicious, high quality coffee they serve.Average coffee. Overpriced nasty a$$ bagels. Odd atmosphere. I have no desire to go again bro.This place is so cloak and dagger at night I love it. Or maybe I've just been watching way too many movies lately. I just sit upstairs and wonder what kind of revolutions and covert operation are being discussed in the shadowy corner tables or whatever (yeah yeah it's just kids studying I know). Coolest thing - upstairs, they still have the door to a walk-in safe there hehe. It's just a closet with extra tables and junk in there now. Oh wait, I see a former reviewer has mentioned it already. Well it's worth another mention. 
Food/drink wise, same deal as the Magazine one.This is such a nice place to get some coffee and a bagel sandwich. The 2-story space is beautiful and spacious, and they play relaxing classical music. The great thing about Rue De La Course is that it's not a generic coffee shop -- it's got a unique vibe and personality.Rue De La Course will always have my heart.  When I think of my experience in New Orleans, I think of you.  Coffee, cravings, studying and where I've met some of my favorite people.I don't know what to think about this place. Part of me likes the historic aspect of it, but it really is sort of dirty and dingy. The coffee isn't really great either. I think I'd prefer CC's or PJs.Best coffee!!!! Also the easiest to get to in the area with street parking always available.Probably one of the coolest coffee shops I've ever been in. Great atmosphere to get work done and relax. Coffee was just okay but atmosphere made up for it.Just the best atmosphere: insanely tall ceiling, many large windows, very sunny and airy, beautiful old architecture, classical music always playing.  A perfect coffee shop to get work done.The place has such good vibes and the Cold Drip Iced Coffee with vanilla is to die for!The best coffee house, for freaks, goths, punks and geeks, good poetry reading, and mixed crowed and the occasional idie or yuppie, a favroite of mine pre and post katrina with the free wifi, and awsome cafe o leatnice atmosphere, but really overpriced and the coffee wasn't great. also, they don't have prices on their menu, which was misleading. Also, the wifi was really slow. I'd go back to study, but not for the food/coffee.This place is really awesome. The interior is super vintage and interesting. I love the vibe here just like anything in New Orleans its really rustic and old. Their food and coffee is great but remember its cash only! There is an atm in the rite aid across the street though. It's a great work space but the wifi isn't the best, especially if your using it to listen to music.I love Da Rue! Lol..The lemonade is Yummmtastic, but the cakes takes like cardboard. Get the croissants and sandwiches! xoxoBeautiful inside. Had the cafe au lait and husband had the iced coffee. Both were excellent! The price was very reasonable for how good the coffee was. I also ordered a blueberry muffin. It was very good, but also very sweet. Would recommend.Great coffee, a homey atmosphere, and a wait staff that would rather spit on you than serve you. What more could you want? One of the few coffee shops that I can actually study at, Rue de la Course has been a longtime friend of the gourmet coffee drinker. Just do yourself a favor and don't order the coffee shake. Oh, it's good...but the barrista may just gouge your eyes out before he/she makes it.I wish there were more cafes like Rue De La Course in NYC.  It's got an abundance of seating, plenty of natural light, big windows for people-watching and a very chill and inviting vibe that lets you know that it's okay to hang out for awhile.  I also appreciate that it's so laptop friendly - they even have little library desk lamps at the tables near the wall!  If I lived in NOLA, this would definitely be one of my writing spots.
My bf and I stopped in here for a quick snack after having walked about 1.5 hours from the French Quarter through the Garden District.  Our feet were tired and our bellies needed sustenance.  Rue De La Course was able to remedy our situation easily.  My bf enjoyed his coffee, while I thought my chai latte was a bit too sweet and foamy.  The banana bread was tasty though.
If you're a tourist strolling down Magazine Street and need a place to cool your heels, Rue De La Course is a great little pit stop along the way.Good coffee, espresso, and random pastries.  But, really amazing hot chocolate.
But....why are most of the tables always taken up by just one single person?  It's kinda' weird.
Maybe someone at Rue could introduce everyone to everyone else.
Then, people would be less lonely and it would free up tons of tables for everyone else to sit.
Yeah.  Just like that.Thier frappe costs more than a large from manhattan. It's good but completely overpriced. Sry. This is a no bueno for another visit for me.I love being out on Magazine and stopping in at the Rue for a to-go coffee. The coffee is expensive but it's deliciously excellent. 
The inside is pretty plain, they have lots of tables and space for studiers/ laptop users. A few seats on the outside make for good people watching.
It's true: everyone is in here missing their connections.The lattes taste like chocolateMy favorite uptown coffee spot.  They have great iced coffee, internet, and yummy (though kind of pricey) "munchies".  Great place to stop in and rest your feet during a long day of shopping on magazine.I love this place. I have literally spent weeks on end studying here. I got thru both Steps 1 and 2 of the boards and still hit it up now that residency has started.
The basics: Lots of spacious square tables, many wih individual desk lamps. Tons of outlets on all the walls and as long as you remember your power cord extension, you'll have never have problems plugging in your laptop. It's a great study atmosphere too. The noise level can get a little...energetic...around lunchtime, but for the most part it's a great atmosphere with classical music playing and plenty of fellow studiers.  Free wifi ain't bad either.
The recent addition of breakfast sandwiches is a huge plus!On the same block as my job, so I'm in here all the time. I love the Rue. I always get iced coffee or iced mocha, nothing too fancy, so I can't speak for the fancier drinks. Sandwiches are good but honestly a little too small for the price. They usually have a basket of fresh fruits, the pastries are pretty good, and you can check your horoscope for the day at the register. No matter what it is, the soup of the day is always the bomb. Yeah, there are hipster kids that work here, but it's a coffee shop in New Orleans...what did you expect? BTW, I don't know what that one reviewer was talking about when she said they don't allow dogs at the outside tables. I see people with dogs sitting outside all the time. Cash only, y'all, but there is an ATM in the back by the bathroom. This Rue is no nonsense, just coffee.I know what I'm looking for in a coffee shop because I work for myself and sometimes I *have* to get out of the house:  
Table space, nice but quiet music, people working, good tea and sweets, wifi and outlets.  
This place has it all.
Just crowded enough with the university and self-employed crowd to feel companionship but never busy enough I couldn't get a table.  Even a table by the wall with an outlet has never been a problem.
The vibe is chill, the people are friendly and never bother you if you order a single coffee and stay for hours, the ice tea is great and the chocolate cake is amazing.  The fact that they have good sandwiches, soups and salads is just lagniappe.  They had already qualified as my favorite coffee shop in New Orleans but I can also have lunch here?  Too much goodness!
Plus they're open til 11 pm! How could it get any better?The atmosphere is great.  The coffee, service, and food are only so-so in my experience.Man, their iced coffee with a splash of soy was one of the most delicious i've EVER had!  Great ambiance inside and super cool patio for people watching in front.Great atmosphere and free WIFI, but their coffee is of the watery office sort.Echoing the sentiments of Dandy below... great memories! I left New Orleans in '98 and had to see if this place was still around...I'm not a coffee shop person but I really liked using this place for their WiFi.  It was cash only which was a pain but I usually would only get an iced tea or sometimes an oatmeal cookie.  This place was near my house so it was great to have meetings with people who might not understand our NOLA ways of doing things in bars during work hours.  I do miss this place a bit as it was a good working environment with very convenient electrical plugs but many of the area neighbors are happy that its gone as they really didn't like the dirty hipsters that this place attracted.  My life has been made much more inconvenient without the easy access this place once provided.I have been a patron of Rue for over 15 years. I've been going there since it was in the Lower Garden District and frequented it when it moved to the big space, across the street from where it is today. I have recommended it to people visiting the city, I've written about it in guides and have told travel writers about it for use in their guidebooks. Today I walked in to get an ice water for my mother-in-law who had sprained her foot, we sat down to wait for 10 minutes for our ride to pick us up because she could not walk home to our house in the neighborhood. We were told we could not stay unless we were to purchase something and that we had to leave. This is not the first time I've had a unpleasant experience here, it has been in slow decline for a couple of years but I've remained loyal to it even so. This just sent me over the edge and is unacceptable to the point I will never go here again. I understand there needs to be a balance between students who go there to study for hours and only order 1 coffee and hog one whole table to themselves and it being a business that needs to make money. But my mother-in-law and I are not the ones you need to pick on for resting our feet for 10 minutes. The owner of Rue, who was inspired by the coffee houses of England, had a wonderful idea and has brought many years of success, style, and good coffee to this establishment and its patrons, but Rue needs to get back to its roots and truly understand why those coffee houses in England were wonderful places. They were wonderful at creating community, and in a city that does community like no where else, you also need to take a lesson or two from the city you call home. Good service, a good cup of coffee and a place that all kinds of people can call their second home, whether they are studying, resting their feet for 10 minutes or writing a novel. In short, creating community should be your first priority. In Rue's current state, you can't count on them for any of these things.Closed now :(
Really loved studying here especially in the mornings -- really quiet.  I think they're opening an Ignatius down here.. sad to see it go!I used to be a regular at this place during my student days
this is in a great location and you always meet someone you know in here.
CONS:
coffee not excellent & espresso burned
pastry selection very weak
sandwiches pityful
cash only? are they that cheap to have to pass the 2-3% cc fee to the patrons with an in-house atm? it's not even 2% for a merchant, if you shop around it goes down to 1-1.5%
no a/c or weak a/c?
on the plus side:
free wifi
very nice staff
good selection of local magazines and ads
new york times for sale
conclusion: lots of potential, unfortunately unmet by reality. If at least the coffee was excellent, I would be happy.No. This coffee is just bad. Your standard bad Starbucks-esque long espresso coffee, hilariously poured in a drip coffee mug, lacking any crema because I asked for it short and the barrista doesn't know how to do that. He didn't even apply pressure when he tamped the grinds. I mean, he looked pretty cool though. I was really impressed. :-/
The one star above pitiful is credited to the AC and location.I had one of the best chais I've ever had in my life here.  Apparently one of the guys who works there makes/mixes it himself.  Bagels hit the spot on a rough Sunday morning.  :-)
Lots of great seating in here - good place to hang out and think about life, compute, and catch up with friends.
Thanks to handsome Ben for showing me this spot.  (And what a great name!)this is the crappy joint you'll read about on craigslist because this is where those people go to watch each other and blog about it.One of the grand models that all other coffee shops will be judged against. I'm not saying its the best coffee shop ever, but it's the best of its type. And what is that type? 
A great place to chill. A place where not everyone has a laptop (but let's be honest, many will). Great people watching (mostly hipsters and students). Decent coffee. Amazing atmosphere. Great place to relax if you're doing an afternoon of shopping. Like Dan C. said, it makes you feel cool.While the coffee is average, it's the food that will catch you by surprise. They have delicious soups, sandwiches and pastries. 
I also love the atmosphere, the music is low and everyone stays pretty quiet, it's a great place to go and get some work done or relax with a book.I'm a medical student here in New Orleans, and I really like this coffee shop to study (which I do a lot). Though main things are great, there is big room for improvement:
Coffee/tea = great!
Food = amazing
Atmosphere = my favorite
Music = pleasant but not overbearing :)
Decor = very pleasing!
baristas = mostly rude. Once one of them came up to me and rudely told me to either buy a coffee or leave. Obviously I know how coffee shops work, I don't need the attitude or the tone to come with it. 
bathroom = disgusting! seems like it is cleaned once a week! (gross)             there was water everywhere on the floor, dirty papers.This place makes me feel so much cooler/hipper than I really am. I also like their brownies. Artsy fartsies and hipsters are a given of course, but there's usually a good mix of people and personality. Plenty of space. A really good place to study I think, and it's a long a nice part of Magazine.I stop by here everyday because I work next door. They make the best Italian sodas in town.  There sandwiches are pretty good, and a nice size. They only take cash so be prepared before you make you order.super.  why bother writing after 33 reviews?  because there may be some of you with simple needs, like me- a big huge cup of simple, black coffee.  which these guys do well.  you will most likely have a couple of options, including a stronger one, which is good.  not truckstop hi-caf strong, but good for a place that serves biscotti and lets people loiter all day.  
speaking of which, when sitting outside, smoking your Parliaments, drinking your Chai, and admiring your fixie, get out of the way of the door.
i need some coffee
maybe try this hipster joint?
meh, that's not too bad...Decent iced-coffee. Yummy iced tea flavors and sandwiches. If you're craving a place with baristas who wear an aura of unapologetic hipster negativity, you will be more comfortable here than I. That doesn't stop me from spending money and time here, but it does stop me from giving this place more stars. I actually got a smile from someone today, there is hope!I recently watched the Fifty People, One Question video filmed in New Orleans outside of the Rue.  It made me nostalgic for the time that I spent there, without immediately realizing that I didn't actually go there that often.  But it's something of a New Orleans icon.  Perhaps that's what I miss.
I didn't visit often because I lived across town, but I always enjoyed plopping down on a chair and camping out at the Rue for a few hours.  Fortunately, I always carried enough cash on me, so the baristas were generally nice to me, although never extraordinarily friendly.I like Rue for its airy, open atmosphere, European vibe and free wifi.  But if I had to think of just two words to describe Rue, overpriced and pretentious would be they.  I like it because it feels like a local place without the bright colors, loud music or friendly people (good when you want to be left alone, I guess).  But I think I paid something like five bucks for a small cup of hot tea and a dry saran-wrapped muffin.  Their sandwiches are $9-10 and not huge portions or wide selection, either.  What else can I say?  Cash only.It was alright, but nothing special.  Decent size tables, free wi-fi and pretty well placed plugs.  They only take cash and don't have a huge selection on the menu, but it did the job and gave me some decent people watching on the street outside.For something different, sit in the back and watch the lizards run around on the sorta clear window. (Bonus! The lizards themselves are also sorta clear).Whenever I visit New Orleans I must stop at Rue De La Course and get my fix of their iced mochas. They are delicious!Also known as the Dayclub. Get it? I don't understand how those seemingly studious co-eds get any work done here. It's so poorly lit and distracting. I've only been coming here to people watch and chat since 2001. (I should also mention that the quality of the only two drinks (vanilla cappuccino and iced chai latte) I get have been on a slow decline since 2001, as well. Oh and the tea selection is super limited. Still, this I where I came for missed connections when I was single and continue to come for group crosswording with patrons who were strangers just moments before. I sit outside where there's the best view. I try to not to disturb the students.It's a dark, cozy coffee joint on Magazine.  Most people have said everything there is to say, but something silly:  They apparently have a Splenda thief!  You have to ask for it behind the counter because people keep taking heaps of packets.  Who new NOLA has a Splenda problem...Rue De La Course on Magazine serves up a good cup of coffee. They also have some decent treats to enjoy with your coffee. I love the big wooden tables and the rustic feel of the inside. It is usually pretty full inside, but quiet as a lot of people are there to get some work done with their morning or afternoon joe. So, if I were rating quality of coffee, food, and ambience I would give Rue on Magazine four stars. However, I must also factor in their staff. Pompous, rude, obnoxious just begins to describe their attitudes. I forgot that I am not worthy to be in the presence of coffee barista geniuses like you guys. They make going here to get a cup of coffee painful. So forget it Rue De La Course, I can find friendly coffee at other places on Magazine St.I recently moved down to the LGD and largely do to Slack this became the place easiest and closest for me and the pooch to wake ourselves with force on our favorite legal lethal.  I say it like that because the amount of caffeine i require is rivaled in our culture only by Lord Leary in his dying days.  I do not say this proudly, but because my intake is, generally speaking, a death sentence in only slightly weaker hearts.  I know, because even seasoned pros shake their heads the first time they see the craggy just unslumbered me become a human as i swallow most people's entire day's intake of coffee in less than a breath.
What had happened was...  No, what i mean to say is the espresso here is acceptable, even strong (narcotically), though the brew is generally weaker (no water softener), and the cold-drip is stronger (though thin- but good for Northerners who don't know like milk in it).  I doubt they have a proper tri-stage filtration system (that works properly), either, but most people don't care about any of that anyway.  
UM...  lots of chairs, some food, free wifi, mumbly echoey quiet noise level, outside is funny, ashtrays, real glasses usually offered, food served on real plates, most people will think this is as good as anything they've ever known (but Starbucks lol or maybe Caribou).
The staff is sometimes too cool for school, usually skilled if Slackers (good thing imho), pay attention to details and as long as the boss isn't being a pain in the ass don't often get bothered by droves of dumbasses asking dumbass questions like they've never been in public before.
Once my process and the understanding that i am a suffering junkie before they hand me my morning grail (which isn't usually in the morning, so thank god they're open late, often unnecessarily, except for me...), in the very least i can attest even those who'd only born witness to my transformation no longer needed to be informed of what my requirements were.  Thanks for that.
Five stars for the record, minus one for my list of complaints.  All five stars are for the employees.Great place to sit on your computer with a bunch of other people sitting on their computers and work/pretend to work/cruise the internet. Hit or miss with who you get at the counter, friendly wise. But my god, iced chai? I'm sorry my friend, I forgot how wonderful you are. 
Loved sitting outside in the sun and letting my 17 mo. old niece run up and down the side walk. Can't help but smile there. Except when all the hipsters give you dirty looks...but hey, that's what hipsters do. Make sure you have cash.The baristas are hot.
I like this Rue, but the one on Oak is better.  But the location is really great because you can grab coffee and then walk around Magazine.  Really awesome place to get a good coffee and/or Italian creme soda.  Yum!Wow! It's been months, maybe even a year since I have written a review and being here today must have been so compelling that I had to write a review.
I arrived to New Orleans on Sunday and unfortunately was sick and had to go visit a doctor in order to get some antibiotics. To my disappointment, I have been laying in bed until today where I head back home. This morning, I pull out my cell phone and immediately click on Yelp New Orleans to see where people recommend to drink coffee. I had visited Cafe Du Monde yesterday (pretty cool place, but I think the location and ambiance make it better than the taste of the coffee) so I read other coffee shop reviews & found Rue. Seeing all the positive reviews, I decided this would be the place I would spend a couple of hours to soak up the environment, enjoy a good latte, & catch up on some work. To my utter disappointment, I found the reviews over hyped this place. The coffee was bitter, the chocolate croissant tasted like the dough from a pigs in a blanket, and the banana I ate was old and bruised.
The overall ambiance is pretty cool and their selection of music is calming & not stressful. For that, I gave it two stars. Check it out & if you think I'm wrong, you're probably wrong. Just kidding! Have fun and buen provecho!Inviting Magazine Street coffee house. Large, predominantly timber interior with a ton of space, also a few outdoor tables for enjoying the good weather, read the paper, lazy morning type thing.
Fairly extensive drinks menu- but beware, no visible cost on anything and here's why... unless you get a beverage other than the daily brew or a standard-ish coffee (about $2-3 depending on size), prices are steep. $5-12 for frozen/ flavoured/ frappe things. I mean not that you'd want to go to Starbucks down the street at all, but I think even things there might not be quite so dear...
Cafe au lait was tasty. Z's caramel frappe was too...This is one of my favorite early morning coffee shop spots.  It give me that college fill and gets your creative juice flowing from the atmosphere of people intensively doing work all around. 
This location also has a great selection of teas. My favorite that you should try definitely is Chamomile.  This isn't your average prepackaged tea, but they make the packets right there on the spot just for your cup!a bussier feel, smaller, and less inviting than the carrollton/oak location this rue has disappointed me. Nevertheless, it is still a rue, and that is better than a national chain.The coffee is great, the pastry selection is not very good, and it's overpriced for New Orleans.  And yet...every time I'm in town, I'll have a Rue iced coffee at least once, for old time's sake.  
Nostalgia is expensive.  
It's cash only, but there's an ATM in the back.As I sit at this Rue De La Course location I can't help but be a little nostalgic for the old Rue - across the street.  However, what this one lacks in size and windows, it makes up for...well, it doesn't but I'm just glad it's still here in this part of the Garden District.  
I have always loved the rustic, sturdy tables and straight back chairs that make me feel like I'm lounging on a college campus procrastinating mid-terms.  Also, on a beautiful sunny day like today, the outdoor tables cannot be beat.  I'm sure by mid-day they will be the hottest commodity on the block.  As for the actual coffee, it's pretty damn good and this is coming from a native Seattleite.  It's just too bad that it's so expensive.  Seriously, a large iced drip coffee should not be over $3.  Still, the ambience keeps bringing me back.My home away from home. Rue is a great place to study and people watch.  Free wifi and a ton of large tables to do work. The coffee is pretty good and fairly priced.  The cookies are awesome and the sandwiches are a bit above average.  Most of the 'baristas' are nice enough, but occasionally you'll have to deal with a hipster who thinks he's Ethan Hawks character in Reality Bites.  Will warn that the place gets a bit crowded Saturday and Sundays, and is cash only.I would give this place 4 stars, except the service was RUDE. They should change their name to Rude, of Course! 
Coffee was excellent, nice decor, hip street and cool customers. This was the only place in all of New Orleans where we were treated rudely. I do have to say that the barista didn't seem to be from New Orleans or from the south, she was definitely a transplant. 
Overall, good coffee- but unless they stop with the rudeness, I won't be back. Portland Oregon coffee has you beat.I understand that I have to purchase something to sit in your "fine" establishment, but the fact that my coffee is so cool that my sugar is just sitting at the bottom of my cup as I type this makes me think that you should've just let me enjoy the atmosphere versus encouraging me to write this review. In good news, the barista was polite and the classical music is quite inviting.
For the love of 2011...accept cards already!I don't know what the hype is about this place... but it was sure a lot of people here compared to other coffee shops in the are.
So, if you want to go a place where there is a draft of people, this is the place.
The chairs are really uncomfortable, they are made of hard wood.
My friends ordered Coffee and said it sucked. I had Hot Chocolate and actually thought it was the best I had in a long time.
Wireless Internet and plenty of places to plug in your laptop to charge.  
I ended up going to a coffee shop next door that had more comfortable seats.
And one thing.. CASH ONLY!The tables here are awesome to come and spread out to get some work done. Great atmosphere to just sit and have a conversation or people watch. 
Espresso was ok ... but the location definitely made up for it. 
Plenty of outlets to plug in all of your gadgets but they should do something about the front door as it doesn't close itself and gets drafty.Good place to get some work done. The staff is a little iffy, as in they could be more helpful for those who don't know what they want, and they could be better at making drinks. But the place is nice and much quieter than other coffee shops in the area.This used to be my fave spot to hang out, I used to come here every weekend for years (even when it was "The big Rue" across the street) with my dog and knit, work, relax and see everyone. It's like your neighborhood bar, except it's a coffeeshop.
And now that they don't allow you to have a pet at the outdoor tables, it's not a place that I will ever go to again. I feel that that is an egregious error on their part. 
Their coffee kinda sucks too.