Came here to celebrate my cousins birthday and we were sorely disappointed by the food and service. It took approximately 20 minutes to take our drink orders and another 15 minutes before someone took our order. We had a party of 16 so we had a preset menu, choosing salads, and entrees. The crab cake was good, the card at salad was decent, however they overcooked my filet and it lacked so much seasoning that I dipped it in the creamed spinach for flavor. The mash potatoes were mediocre at best. We finished with the cheesecake,  blueberry cheesecake. It was a cheesecake dredge in blueberry compote. The cheesecake was soft, room temperature and "whipped". Not the typical cheesecake. The Graham cracker crust was good but could have been better. 
So many options to eat in New Orleans. Yet this will not be a future option.This was our second time at the downtown location of Ruth's. The food and service here is excellent. Angel was our server , and she was great. We started off with bar b que shrimp appetizers and stuffed mushrooms. They were very good. 
Also had wedge salad , with excellent bleu cheese dressing, with chunks of bleu cheese and lots of bacon bits. 
Our filets were cooked as ordered and were delicious. 
Our sides of steak fries and creamed spinach were fresh and delicious. 
We have at dined at most of the top steakhouses in New Orleans and this location of Ruth's ranks up there with the best.I went to Ruth's Chris for a night out with my work managers. When I arrived, they were already seated at a bar table drinking and ordering appetizers before being moved to a table in the restaurant. The service at the bar area was very slow. The waiter didn't ask me for my drink order, so I had to trigger him as he was walking by the table. 
Once my drink order was placed, I waited about 30 minutes before I received my glass of wine. That had me a little bit upset about his service but I was willing to wait until we were seated and have a better server. 
After our apps and drinks, we were sat at a table with water and menus. The waiter came over right away to the table and politely greeted us. He asked if were wanted apps but his smart remarks when we had questions for him was just enough to make me request another server, but I didn't take it that far since I was there to celebrate my success in my new position. 
For dinner, I ordered the dinner combo which included a choice of salad, 12oz. ribeye steak with a side of mashed potatoes and a cheesecake for dessert. It was about $52 which wasn't bad. 
The steak was very tender and juicy, just how i like it. But, the mashed potatoes were a bit bland and the cheesecake was very small, but filling. 
Overall, a nice place to go, but not as nice as you would think.Consistently terrific food and service. Ribeye, lobster mac and cheese and spinach au gratin are some of my favorites.My wife and I were very disappointed with Ruth's Chris. The bill was $100 for a petite filet, 12 ounce sirloin, baked potato and mashed potatoes. Only water to drink. Both steaks were ordered "medium" with a pink center and both were overcooked to what we call "well done" with no pink. Dry steaks for a premium cost.The Ruth's classic special was perfect for a date night, it included a starter, entree, side dish, and dessert. My filet was juicy and cooked medium rare as requested. Everything was wonderful and the service was great!Have dined here twice recently.  The steak is excellent and properly prepared.  Sides were also very good.  Appetizers and desserts are also very good to great.  Wait staff is top of the line.  Atmosphere is good.  But the prices are outrageous.  If dinner was not being comped by the casino I would go to one of the hundreds of other fine dining locations in this town.  But as long as Harrah's , I will is picking up the tab due to my mother-in-laws gambling I will be happy to dine here.First time dining at this Ruth Chris. The reservations were odd. Not many times available but when we arrived and throughout the night the place we sparsely filled yet bunches of people waiting to get in. Might be the low wait staff count. Anyways, we waited a bit for our table and started off with glasses of wine. Our waiter knew his wine which was great considering. We ordered mac n cheese for the kids which oddly enough they didn't like. It looked like the cheese was microwaved. We started with the chop salad, ahi tuna and lobster bisque. The ahi was good but be prepared to endure the wasabi they don't tell you is in the sauce. The lobster bisque was okay more like seafood chowder. It was okay if you're cold. We ordered the bone-in ribeye which was cooked perfectly. A little less butter would be good. The green bean side dish was the winner of the night. The only disappointing dish was the banana cream pie. It was more like whip cream with bananas on top (no custard). Overall, a good dining experience with excellent service. The front hostesses need to work on their greeting and manners.my ap was the onio soup and was terrific.   main course I had the petite 12 oz. ribeye. It was amazing.  Perfectly seasoned and cooked.  sooo tender... Now I know why Ruth's is so famous.  Everyone had a steak and they were all exceptional and perfectly prepared.  lots of smiles and empty plates.  the sides were also excellent and the portions could be shared without being over the top huge.   the potatoes were a little different that expected and not exactly what I liked.  but there wasn't a drop left.  then came the deserts I had bread pudding which again was among best of best. The service was a leisurely pace which was fine with us, no pressure.  the waitress has worked for them 27 years and regaled us with stories fitting of a New Orleans eatery.   
looking for a good steak? come here.This place was flawless. My god. It's expensive sure. But my steak was melting on my mouth. And the shrimp was seasoned like no other. The Chilean sea bass was paired with pineapple and sweet potato, which seemed like a weird mix to me, but oh my if it wasn't perfect! The soups were delicious. The ambiance alone is amazing. Just gorgeous. Private booths. Such attentive staff. Wine choice was great. I will be going back and i recommend this place for a pricy date night.Good service and fine quality food very close to the convention center. 
The seared ahi tuna is perfect ;-)As always excellent food & service!!  Would return the next time I'm in town.Who can pass up a happy hour!  Sit at the bar, grab a seat where everyone knows your name!  Great eats! Friendly staff. And TVs so I can watch the sixers and the phillies!  Though it there are a few yankees fans here! I will give them a pass as it is a friendly place!! .I've dined at a few Ruth's Chris locations before. Being a native of New Orleans; however, I've never dined at the Fulton location.  There are many fine dining options in New Orleans and many of which I could say serve the best filet. My husband and I were fortunate to receive a gift card to Ruth's Chris so we decided to make the reservation at the Fulton location- since neither of us have been there before. We had a reservation; however, had to wait at least 15 minutes to be seated.
Upon walking in, the dining room was very noisy. We were seated at a table that bordered a glass wall of windows that overlooked the next room. I'm not going to lie- it felt crammed against the wall and my view was of another group's table. The seating is a combination of chair and booth seating... Not ideal for a fine dining experience. The chairs are covered with cheap fabric. The lighting is awful. It gives off the feeling that you are eating at an Applebee's or another mediocre chain. I highly recommend dimming the lights to allow for more of a "candle lit" dining feel. The Metairie, LA location does a much better job at this. 
On top of everything else- there were at least 5 fruit flies at our table. On two different occasions the flies fell in to my husband's wine. After making a comment to our waitress- we were told it was just the season.  This didn't make the experience one to write home about.
Now- the food. It was very good. I did find the steaks to have a bit of a crunch on the outside... And my steak tasted more of a medium well then medium. But the meat was delicious and the sides were great. The creamed spinach is definitely a favorite.
In my opinion- a dining experience is just that, an experience. The atmosphere, environment and service play an equal role with the food. If you are staying at the casino and you want to grab a steak with the convenience of not having to leave the hotel- this location is fine for that, maybe even for a dinner with a large group of friends. But, with all the New Orleans has to offer- I strongly encourage you to venture out!Horrible attitude.  Decent food but these people think they are doing us a favor.  Table of 10 - had to wait 1 hour for our table.  Had a res. for 8:00.  Was seated at 9:00.  9:00!!!!  Unacceptable!  Completely unapologetic.   Won't be back!Great service, delicious food. From the best kids chicken tenders to a great filet and amazing chicken. AU Gratin Potatoes are amazing aswell. The ambience is very nice too and gorgeous place!Petit Filet was to be medium rare. It was DOA- cooked to dry, gray and stringy. No excuses. It was meat abuse!  Never ever should happen to a steak. It's usually a outstanding steak house. Sides really good.Let me start off with the fact that I'm still in the restaurant for the first time right now. The service was great BUT does not make up for how terrible the filet was. I'm here for my cousin's birthday dinner and the price is $80/person. I had such high expectations for their food. It was very disappointing. I wouldn't even recommend anyone to come here for steak. I'm from Texas and I know steak. That steak was so dry and flavorless for a medium cooked steak. The sides were all burnt. Talking to my sisters they seem to be really disappointed as well. My sister didn't even want to ask for A1 because she thought it was rude towards the chef.. the sides were mediocre. It was nothing special. Also we were sharing the sides like family style. First thing that ran through my head was... IS THIS MASHED POTATOES FOR ANTS? I don't know if I'm a fatass or not but half the plate of mashed potatoes seems proportionate to my meal BUT I'm sharing the mashed potatoes between 4 to 5 people. The only thing I really liked was the bread and butter they give when you first arrive. Is that sad? I just had the cheesecake and the cheesecake is bigger than everything else I had but the salad. It was drenched in a blueberry sauce and it was way too overwhelming. It was a surplus of blueberries and it was unnecessary. I definitely would've been satisfied with a light amount of it. Overall, I'm pretty sad. I wouldn't recommend any of my friends to come here. If this is what rich people eat than I want to stay poor.I have gone to Ruth Chris in Los Angeles plenty of times, the service was good for a second, and suddenly it took a turn. Was told it would be a 15 minute wait to order that turned into an hour. The waitress  then took someone else's order that just walked in prior to my party. It had been an hour finally ordered, as I am writing this review we still have not eaten. I will still  go to the one near home,  but do not plan on coming back to this one. Not sure what the food taste  like , I'll write another review later.I really hate to write a negative post but after much thought figured I had to share. We went for my birthday and took both of our kids. Ruth's used to be my daughters absolute favorite restaurant and one of my top picks as well. To our disappointment the food was absolutely horrible and not edible. My daughters child steak was so over cooked it resembled dog food and she could not chew the meat. FYI it was ordered medium. We got the porterhouse for two and we were served the lowest grade of meat you could imagine. The manager did come out after noticing we did not touch one bite of our steaks or the sides. Why eat the sides when we were there for steak right? Because we had the kids and my daughter was "starving" we opted to leave and not have them remake our order. The insulting part was when the manager "discounted" our bill! So I still had to pay nearly $200 for food that wasn't even touched!?I remember going out to Ruth's for extra special occasions as a kid so as an adult it still has that sense of nostalgia for me even though its now a chain with many locations throughout the country. The story of their New Orleans roots is woven into the fabric and remains to be a strong theme. Some of the original "broads" from the Broad street location are still waiting tables in the New Orleans area today. I find them very consistent on what they do well, which is steak. I always get the filet and I have yet to be disappointed. I love how it comes out on a sizzling hot plate. The filet seriously melts in your mouth like butter. The sides are family sized so definitely split the sides with 2-4 people. My favorites are the creamed spinach and the pecan crusted sweet potatoes. It's definitely a treat meal! 
I also want to mention that in all my years of going to Ruth's I have never had bad service. The servers are always very knowledgeable of the menu and always check back to make sure your steak was cooked correctly. I appreciate that since I don't eat steak very often so when I do I want it to be perfect.
The happy hour is also something to be noted. Weekdays & Sunday 4:30- 6:30 with cocktails and food for $9. Not bad for high quality food and service!Cesaer salad was tasty. Seem to take a long time for the main course. Steak was cooked nicely. Not much flavor. They ran out of green beans so I got sautéd spinach instead. Flavorless. Waitress never cleaned the table after the bread so we've been dealing with crumbs our entire meal. Annoying!Hands down, I mean up up- hoooorah- omg seriously succulent sizzling slammin' best ribeye ever from east to west- go go go- the food n vibe so worth it!!! Beyond butta' bam to make you wanna slap yo mama n hear the $$$$ cha Ching from hoorahs casino next door- pity that the bartenders blur the 5star experience w their subpar service- worth the trip to cow couture cuisine though- mmmmmmmmOf course the steak was good.  If you haven't been to a RC before keep in mind that you have to order everything a la carte.  Your $50 steak does not come with sides or a salad...unless you pay extra for them.
The service was okay and the place appeared to be clean.  It was located inside of the Harrah's so the restaurant itself was small.  I have found that each RC location is either hit or miss.Ruth Chris's steak house is way overrated to me. The steaks are usually hit and miss. Some times they are great and sometimes they are over-priced mediocre steaks. When you know better you do better. I used to have to absolutely eat here but once I found better steak I realized just how mediocre Ruth Chris is. While I know some people absolutely love this place I won't knock it completely. It is a nice place to have date night of even business dinners. The ambience is nice and the staff is always great. Other food choices and sides are also good but when paying for good steak I expect good steak every-time!A CHAIN IS A CHAIN IS A CHAIN! "Just ain't what it used to be." "Miss Ruth is turnin' ova in ha grave." You can too often hear these quotes in N.O. Dined at Vets&Broad for 25-30 yrs. Fulton same. More changes to menu & less quality each year. Once the best in N.O., now just another chain restaurant. Food is prepared ahead, frozen, reheated. That qualifies as LEFTOVERS. Shame on you, Corporates! She's watching! (Service always good.)Very good, as expected!  This location featured great bartenders and the most friendly fellow patrons at the bar, all very talkative. Good drinks, burger, steaks.This was in the Harrah hotel lobby. The food and service was impeccable. I believe this is the flagship location, the lobster mac was divine. We spent 200 dollars for 3 entrees, 2 sides and drinks. It was well worth the treat!I came here for the Sunday brunch this past weekend and had a really good breakfast. I had a bowl of gumbo for my appetizer, petite filet w/ eggs, and the bread pudding. I was very hungover when I came, so I wasnt in the best of moods but it was really good.This place is class all the way. The French onion soup tastes a little sweet (like sherry wine) and I love the flavor! The ahi tuna appetizer is one of the best around. As for the filets? OMG. Worth every penny. The staff fawns on you and makes you feel valued. The service and atmosphere are top notch. If someone took me here on a date, I think I'd fall in love with them. It does not get any better than this! One of the best "chain" establishments with respect to food and service in NOLA. I never tire of coming here!My husband and I love RC. Everything was great except for the drinks from the bar took a long time. We had to order 2 drinks at a time to stay up to point. The 1st round of drinks looked beautiful. Garnished with a sugar rim and lemon peel. The others, which were the same drinks, had nothing. Maybe the bartenders were busy. The restaurant itself didn't seem busy, lots of empty tables but over all, WE LOVED IT.I would give my wait staff 5 stars, and manager would get 3 stars only because he tried to un mess the mess ups. The kitchen messed up every course from starters to the steaks. I have eaten at Ruth's steakhouse as long as I can remember. This is the only time I have ever had to send "anything" back to the kitchen. Tonight was like a mature night at Ruth's. Appetizer shoestring fries were greasy and not crispy at all. Stuffed mushrooms were not cooked at all, put on a hot plate, but not cooked. My son and I ordered the bone in filet ($50+ each) burnt to a inedible yuck. It took another 20 minutes for them to bring out what I ordered. It was perfect the second time. 
When you are going out to Ruth's with a fair sized group (6 people), and dropping some serious coin at said reputable steakhouse the steak is the last thing they should mess up.  The waiter did the best he could to salvage a bad experience, but in the end the management should not have allowed that crap food to leave the kitchen. I could have gotten a better steak at the Swamp room.Restaurant very clean, Serviced by the Thom super great. Food was excellent. BBQ shrimp appetizers, Cesar salad, steak fabulous. Good location. Definitely recommended.We ate here on Easter night and they were serving their regular menu. Larry, our waiter, was fantastic and was so nice to my Down's brother Larry. They bonded. One of the best waiters for my brother - EVER.
I had the combo meal that started with their soup of the day which was a Tomato Crab. It had a roasted tomato base that was like sunshine. And the chunks of crab and other items made it fantastic. Then my 6 oz. filet with the truffle crust was cooked perfectly. The fingerling potatoes were awful as they had a strange sauce and a horrible aftertaste. It also came with a decent bananas foster cheesecake.
My husband had a filet and mashed potatoes - all of which was excellent. My brother had a mac and cheese. It normally has lobster but they made it for him without lobster and reduced the price. It was very good and would be excellent for a child.
The highlight was the bread pudding. It doesn't look like much - just a round piece of plain bread pudding. But the flavor was very good and the creme anglais sauce made it amazing. Would go back again and I am not a big steak person.The food was AMAZING!!! It took a little long but it was well worth the wait. Because we let them know in our on line reservation that we were celebrating our anniversary, we received free desserts.By far this is the worst steak house I have ever been to . 
The rib eyes that we ordered were dry tough chewy not worth the price .. after the steaks anything Else we were going to right went right out the window . Prime beef should be moist tender and succulent this was none of the above it was Low grade dog foodThis was my first time here, and the place was absolutely gorgeous. Everyone was in his/her formal attire, and so you could definitely tell this place is expensive. The view of Fulton street lights was beautiful. But the food was well worth it all. The service was very good, and the waitresses were friendly and always checked up on us to see if we needed more drinks. Also one waitress was able to help me decide on which red wine to get. So nice.
Then came the food... Oh man. Absolutely amazing. I had the seared ahi tuna and mushrooms stuffed with crabmeat for the appetizer, steakhouse salad, medium rare filet with a side of mashed potatoes and creamed spinach, and cheese cake with berries. The ahi tuna app was all right, not a fan though. The salad was good; that was the first time I actually ate all my veggies. The highlight dish was the filet on the 500 degree plate (woah). The seasoning, the juiciness, and the tenderness made it so divine. I loved every bite I took. I loved the mashed potatoes; you honestly cannot mess that up. The spinach was way too creamy for me. But the cheesecake, oh my goodness. I was expecting only a slice, but the waitress came out with a whole cake for everyone who picked that as the dessert. I couldn't finish it all, but it was very delicious, nonetheless. I heard the sin cake was extremely rich.
You definitely get your money's worth of all the food given (even though my dinner was completely free, thank you dad's boss). The only downside to this experience was the wait was a bit long, but it's okay. The food made up for it.So far I have had 2 dining experiences at this location and I have been thoroughly pleased each time. Everyone goes above and beyond here to make sure you have everything you need, just the way you need it. 
We've ordered a few different cuts of steaks here with the Cowboy ribeye being the favorite. The creamed spinach is also delicious as a side. They were also very accommodating to the request we made on how to prepare and cook the steak. 
Overall, this is the place to choose when you're looking for an amazing steak!I have been here several times. The starters are awesome.  I have had bbq shrimp & the shrimp roumelaude/ cocktail which are great.  The steaks are always cooked to perfection (medium rare), and the sides are oh so good.  I especially love the au gratin potatoes and sweet potato casserole.  A great place for lunch or dinner.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars as opposed to 5, is that 5 stars are reserved for life altering experiences. ;)Adam, our server, was great! Food was delicious! Service was great! Stuffed chicken is my go to now at Ruth Chris!Typical chain steakhouse, you can expect a decent steak and good sides.
I ate here for lunch on Christmas this year.  The staff was very friendly, as you can expect, and went out of their ways to be really attentive on Christmas, although I'm sure they would have much preferred being elsewhere.
I ordered my ribeye medium rare, it came medium well.  I'm not sure if the waiter misunderstood me, but I wasn't in the mood for sending it back.  Fortunately, a ribeye can take a beating and still be relatively tender due to the fat content.
Aside from that, typical experience that I've had at many other steak houses, not any better or worse.  I still prefer Flemings to Ruth Chris if I had to go with a chain.I have never been so disappointed in a steakhouse. I really would have preferred Norm's $10.99 steak to the sad excuse of a ribeye I was presented with.
We were kind of sick and tired or NO creole/Cajun food after 5 full days and just wanted some good ol fashioned steak. Bad mistake, should have known to just stick with the local cuisine and leave the steak chain food for home. 
We walked in, about 6 pm on a. Sunday. Place didn't seem that packed, bar was a bit busy with the NCAA games on. We were seated in a booth, waitress came by rather quickly and introduced her junior waitress(helper). Took our drink order and went through the usual process. 
Brought us our drinks rather promptly , we both ordered a salad, steak and decided to split a soup. 
The soup we received in a timely manner and it was decent, some shrimp bisque, not too shabby but a bit lukewarm.
Then the atrocity started, received their market salad and it was drenched in the dressing and the flavor of the salad was just off. I love salad and I just sat there thinking what the heck is this nonsense I'm eating. I let it go as I wasn't in a mood to say anything. A good 10-15 minutes go by but we are still working on our salads and a server comes by with our food, he sees we are still working on our salads and was courteous enough to ask us if we wanted to have him come back. We decided that yes we did. Literally a minute later and our original waitress comes back with the food and asks are you ready for your steaks, but it was more just to serve notice that they would be given to us. No question about whether we wanted to finish out salads first, just plopped the food down. 
My ribeye was something you could get a your local mega chain grocery store, throw it under a broiler and serve. No flavor, meat was a bit chewy, overall it was laughable. The weirdest thing was that my steak was sitting in a pool of it's own oil. Every time I cut a piece, I had to pat the gosh darn piece on a napkin to rid it of its oil. It was disgusting. When I finally had the waitress come back and I asked her for a new plate (not a new steak, literally a new plate) due to the disguising nature of mine, she seemed perplexed after I explained it to her.
Place is a joke, should have just stuck to getting some crawfish as the last meal.
Please avoid at all costs, rather just randomly walk to the restaurant right next door even though I have no idea while they serve then to step back into this place.One star is.being generous. Had reservations with my family at this location on Fulton for 330.  When we arrived our table was not ready we order a drink on the far side of the bar by the patio and continue to wait and wait. A server by the name of Mandi points at us and continue to ask another server and ask "who we are and what we are doing". My dad continued with this is my family is there a problem?" She whispers something and MANDI walks pass stating "What a Di**!!"  My advice would be to avoid this location! It's a shame because this is one of our favorite locations. Will not be returning.Three stars because of the prices. This is a very nice, upscale restaurant (as is the Metairie location, equally as good), and it's also the reason I learned to replicate their Bearnaise sauce for filet mignon. They're crab entree is excellent as well. Shoestring fries are a fun side, but the other sides are comparable to any other upscale place. 
The bottom line to me, though, is that even though the signature dish is filet mignon & it's fabulous, the price simply is not justified. Frankly, Longhorn Steakhouse is every bit as good (sans the Bearnaise) as is $20 at the grocery & a smoking hot cast iron skillet. Bearnaise really isn't THAT tricky to make to justify the price either.  
I think it's time for them to rethink their pricing on this item since everyone is doing great filets downtown/in the Quarter & Metairie. Personally, I'd just as soon go someplace in the heart of the Quarter and explore while I hope they start doing something to draw attention again.Would have been higher if it weren't for the fact that at first they were acting like they didn't wanna serve me. Sure I wasn't dressed right but my money is still green. They kept passing me from waiter to waiter, I finally ended up with this older and short gentleman. He was very accommodating and paid attention to what I needed. Veal Osso Buco Ravioli is what I ordered and it was divine! The waiter also brought me out a dessert for my bday. I think I ended up giving him a 20$ tip on a 24$ check.Simply awesome. Will accommodate a large party ( more than 10) and still manage to get to right, hot, and in a timely manner.Having had dinner at Ruth's Chris in different cities, I had an idea of what to expect.  A quality meal at fairly high price.  Most other of this chain are fairly pedestrian in my opinion regarding decor etc.  This one was totally different I'm happy to say.  The service was spectacular and the food was amazingly good.  We had the Porterhouse and I'd highly recommend it.  Enjoyed a bottle of great wine and our server was charismatic and attentive.  The decor, taste, quality of service were all 5star.Pretty disappointed in the hostess staff. Tons of empty tables (counted at least 15) yet there's a two hour wait. UnacceptableLunch date venue was as perfect as ever... Pre-Bday celebration as our server presented us with a dual-bday-dessert.  This place Never disappoints.  I highly recommend Ruth's for a group event... Love the staff...Yummy steak, gave my husband a dessert for his birthday. They even decorated the table! The filet mignons were awesome!We came in a little late on Saturday night, after a hard day at work. We ordered:
Petite 6 oz Filet Delish, served perfectly, just as I asked for it
Rib Eye 12 oz  Again, amazing
Our sides were: Creamed spinach...oh wow...yum
mac and cheese. Good. Not amazing. Good
We also had the chicken Gumbo as an appetizer...If you don't like saffron, don't order the this dish. Very heavy. I had one bite and that was it for me. And I love Gumbo.
Service was good. We came in from work, still in our work clothes, and we were treated as well as anyone else, more appropriately dressed.Fun location and great service, after that it became just an average experience. Everyone at the table ordered there steaks Medium and everyone's came out Medium Well or Well Done. I was also disappointed in the Sweet Potato Casserole which is my favorite dish at Ruth's Chris. It was very try and the brown sugar topping was hard and crunchy.One of my favorite restaurants so I had to see what it was like in New Orleans. As always I wasn't disappointed! Food, drinks, and dessert was on point! Service was excellent, we even got to sit outside which was a first for me. I recommend the crab cake sandwich and lobster bisque.Quack!
After a long (almost) week in NOLA, we were looking for something different than the same old options. We decided to get fancy and booked a reservation. We booked at 6pm for a 7:15 reservation, and it was for the best because about 6:45ish they got pretty busy. 
Our server, Joe, and his team made the experience really great. I was eyeing the Rib eye, and the mrs. the fillet, so he recommended the dinner special that comes with the full portion meat plus soup/salad, a side, and dessert. Ran about $50 each. (Ribeye was a little more, filet slightly less).
All in all the food was great, wine was fantastic and service was perfect. Couldn't ask for a better dinner. 
Ps. The crème brûlée was ammmmmaaaaaazzzzziiiiinnnnnngggggg
Quack!This is the best steak I have ever eaten. I have been to six different countries and had steak in each of those countries and nothing compares. The steak has not artificial flavor and is just season with salt and pepper if you are looking for an excellent steak bring yourself to this restaurant and be ready to be amazed. To add on to this amazing restaurant they have a beautiful bathroom. It is close to several hotels and it's in easy walking distance of those hotels. I'm breath taken by the amazing atmosphere and customer service. You will not be disappointed.Ruth's is a good steakhouse, but I think it's become over-rated, especially compared with Mr. John's steakhouse on St. Charles.  The steaks there are superior to Ruth's, and that's saying a lot, because Ruth's is a good, solid steakhouse.My steak was perfect , love the Caesar salad and the Brussel sproutsMy wife, our friend, and I dined at Ruth's Chris located inside the Harrah's Hotel in New Orleans on Sunday night after the Saints blew a big lead against the Titans.  As a former long-time N.O. resident, I have enjoyed many a great meal at the original Ruth's Chris on Broad St and at the former Veterans Blvd location in the past. We were really looking forward to our first meal at this location.
We had no reservation, but when we showed up, they seated us immediately. Our water glasses were filled, a loaf of french bread delivered, the waiter arrived and took drink orders, and he told us about the specials for that day. So far, so good.
The drinks came quickly enough and were fine. We ordered the calamari as an appetizer and it was delicious. We could have easily eaten two of them.
This is when the experience started to go south. For some reason, it took our waiter a long time to return to take the rest of our order and provide the next round of drinks. The restaurant wasn't that busy, so he couldn't have been overloaded with other tables. 
For the entrees we ordered two filets (medium rare) and a ribeye (medium) along with Sweet Potato Casserole and Creamed Spinach as the sides to share among the three of us.
It seemed to take forever for the food to arrive. Once again, our waiter disappeared, and there was no one else passing near us. Right when we were about to start trouble, the food arrived. The sides were great. As for the steaks, they revealed to us why the food took so long - they were all overcooked. By the time we got our food, and tucked in, we discussed sending them back. But, we decided that we were all too hungry to send them back and wait for replacements.
We struggled through our meal, my wife ordered cheesecake for dessert (It was good.) and we finally got the bill.
Even with a substandard (and deserved) tip, the bill came to exactly $300. I certainly don't mind paying that much for a great meal, but don't pawn off a mediocre meal for that price.
Mrs Fertel (the Ruth in Ruth's Chris) is turning over in her grave at what this restaurant is doing in her name.
As for us, we probably should have gone to Morton's at Canal Place.I don't eat steak so my go to is the stuffed chicken and crab cakes delicious every time lobster Mac & cheese is also my favDinner here again on the most recent trip.  There were two large parties going on (a 50 top and a 100 top), so this slowed seating and had the noise level raised to party levels.  They apologized for the delay and put us in a private booth.  Our server for the evening was Gaye and she was fantastic.  Starters for me were French Onion Soup and a salad with balsamic vinagarette.  Soup was very good.  Salad was solid if not spectacular.  My medium rare filet was perfectly prepared and a prime steak.  The au Gratin Potatoes were OK, not great.  Mom's filet was just as good, salad was comparable to mine and she loved all her veggie sides except the baked potato (it was the end of the night and the best of the three remaining spuds was over cooked and dried out.  Dessert was a cheesecake that may be the best I have ever had.  Mom had the banana creme pie that was OK.A delicious meal, as usual, at the best chain steakhouse around.  This is the original location and they truly believe in maintaining the tradition of the franchise.  I had the stuffed chicken, the mushrooms and the creamed spinach and all were delicious.   My one problem with this meal was the fact that it took 3+ hours, despite the fact our party was about 30 deep (the bill came out to about $4,500), that was far too long for us to wait for our food.  All-in-all, Ruth's Chris is simply a great meal.ruths chris steak house is a take off of an original new orleans steak house.    everything they serve is a take off of that place.  they're great, but really....  find the real steak house that they fashioned themselves after, and buy local, shop local.Had the 16oz Ribeye. Cooked perfect, medium rare. Our server, Jason, great guy. Thank You Jason. Great job.
Cream Brûlée was perfect. Nice place inside Harrah's Hotel.My love and I recently dined at Ruth's Chris for their 5 course dinner with Spanish wine pairings.  It was $95 per person.
When we first arrived, we were pleasantly greeted; however, there was a mix up in finding our reservation because it had been made through their PR company.  The manager came talk to us.  He said that he would take care of things.  Then we were left standing there for 20 minutes.  We asked again, and by that point, the manager did clear things up, and seated us in the back room with the wine dinner.
The private room was warm and beautiful, but the acoustics lent to us having to raise our voices to talk to the other guests at our table.  
For our first course, we had a tomato and goat cheese salad.  It was delicious.  The second course was lobster with paella.  It was good.  We then had a pork tenderloin dish.  I didn't care for this at all, as it was very dry.  The next course was the filet mignon with a pimento type cheese on top.  This was perfection!  Absolutely mouthwatering.  It's obvious steak is what Ruth's is known for!  The dessert course was a deconstructed tres leches.  It was just o.k. and it really didn't taste anything like the amazing Latin dessert I've come to love so much.
The wine pairings were spot on, and they kept the wine flowing.
All in all, it was an enjoyable evening.  Going just on food alone, I doubt I'd do another dinner like this.  I'd rather go and just do a la carte and get the items that I know they're great at...like steak.We went into the restaurant to order a steak to go. We were instructed to order at the bar so we sit down at the bar. SLOW service from the bartender. Took 5 minutes to order. (When your waiting, that is a long time) finally got our order and it was correct. My only issue was trying to cut the steak with the cheapest plastic cutlery pack they could find. Looks like they came from Sam's Club.  If I'm going to pay $45 for one piece of meat, give me the BEST plastic fork and knife you can find. Will not be ordering "to go" from there.I go to Ruth's Chris occasionally, and service and food are always good. However, I was in the bar area recently to watch the Saints playoff game and experienced the most amazing service by our server Donnie, and all those that supported him.  The food was great as usual, but Donnie out shined the meal.   He made it a very fun night, was extremely friendly to all of his customers. My party commented that he made everyone feel like family.  I plan to come back much more often and will continue to ask for Donnie.My family and I visit Ruths at least three or four times a year mainly for very special events. Well for this visit I was very disappointed with the lack of sides for my meal and the meals of my guest. I ordered my typical Ruths Special along with my wife, but the sides we requested were not available(mashed potatos) along with the scallops, and a blended wine that my father was requesting.  My server was showed much patience when encountered with our frustrations, and very understanding.  I have never been to a Ruth's that was missing so much till it gave the idea of it either going out of business or it didn't prepare for the very busy Mardi Gras season in New Orleans.  Now by no means am I degrading your restaurant, I personally love Ruths and I will be visiting again and again, but I was very disappointed with the lack of preparedness.  I will visiting Ruth's in the near future with my wife for a very special occasion and I hope your restaurant will be ready.Ruth's Chris has always been one of my favorite go to places for steak.  I ordered the 12 ounce ribeye, lobster mac and cheese, and their famous cheesecake.  The ribeye, as usual, did not disappoint.  But the highlight of my meal was actually the lobster mac!  Oh my!!  The lobster pieces were plentiful and it was cooked to perfection.  I've never had (or heard of) lobster mac until I ordered here.  It is definitely a must try!  
Now for price:  I was solo and my bill totaled about $125.00.  If you're able to splurge a little, 
Ruth's Chris is worth the money....
I will return!!While I really want to hate Ruth's, because they pulled out their HQ after Katrina (I know Ms. Ruth is rolling over in her grave), as a New Orleanian it is hard to quit you!
Ahh from the warm perfectly crunchy yet soft fresh bread that you bring to the table along with my favorite appetizers (Ahi Tuna and crab stuffed mushrooms) to your spinach au gratin and perfectly cooked and buttery steaks... it is difficult
The service is always consistently excellent here, we have even come in later in the evening after an event and still treated as if we came in at 8 for dinner, the food and experience have always been great.  The wine selection is vast but the cocktails are pricey to say the least.  I also want to add that at one visit there was an issue and the manager was quick to remedy the situation and go over and above to ensure we returned again and assured a better experience.
Like I said while I have a bit of disdain, I still return in hopes that they will bring the HQ back to where it belongs.Food OK. Service very slow with an empty 
Restaurant. Six persons, $900 bill and had to pay for valet parking!
Skip it. There are much better steak houses in New Orleans (Mr Johns, Desi Vega's and Dickie Brennan's) with free Valet parking.So...I went to a steakhouse and didn't have steak. Whomp whomp whoooomp. However, I thoroughly enjoyed everything else I did have! I loved the Sizzling Blue Crab Cakes, Spicy Lobster, Mushrooms Stuffed w/Crabmeat, Ruth's Chop Salad, and Sweet Potato Casserole and would order any/all of those items again...everyday, if I could afford it :) Ruth's is pricey so I won't be a frequent diner but if you have a little change to spare and want to partake in some fine dining, Ruth's is a great option.Per me rimane la steak house numero 1 degli Stati Uniti!
In particolare in questo di new Orleans l'ambiente è davvero bellissimo. Il tavolo era in una posizione assolutamente tranquilla e nonostante fossimo 12 persone riuscivamo a conversare tranquillamente tra di noi nonostante il locale al completo.
Per non parlare della mia New York Strip! Superba! Tenerissima, cotta perfettamente al sangue come da richiesta e con un sapore davvero superbo.
Unica pecca della serata: troppissimo aglio nella Cesar Salad!
Prezzo: 90 $ a persona (tasse e gratuity comprese). Detta così sembra tanto ma vi assicuro che in una settimana di ristoranti ho speso molto di più in postacci e mangiando male! 
Se passate in zona dovete assolutamente fermarvi a cena.Been to Ruth's Chris many many times. Never anything bad to say about it. The steaks are great and if you ever get a chance, get the sliders. They are by far the best things I've ever had. Been trying to figure out how to make the amazing BBQ butter that they use. Recipes online don't taste like the real deal. Love the placeFancy. Expensive good. Good considering it's a chain. I'm a steak girl and this just isn't my favorite steak house. The steaks are well cooked and taste ok, but the flavor just isn't there. I can't say anything bad about this place, but neither can I rant and rave. It's just a big OK. So, if you're looking for an OK steak that you pay GREAT money for. Here's the place.Web site in New Orleans restaurant does not post menu with prices so because we are visiting party of 16, we will be dining at the Chophouse, who does post their prices.Always consistent. Always tasty. Great service. 
If you happen to be dressed casually or want a livelier crowd then I suggest dining in the bar. They serve the full menu.We had the crab blt & steak sandwich both came with fries. It was the happy hour special that runs from 4 to 6:30pm all items priced at  $9 drinks too. The food was great & our server Oscar was too. I shall return.At the Ruth's Chris in NOLA they are serving up a pretty standard experience.  Its a chain lets not for get that, but it is pretty high end.  The menu has something for everyone even if you are not a steak lover.  We celebrated a birthday here and our waiter Joe M. is top notch.  He was informative, patient and expertly timely.  We all ordered off of their four course menu and all happy with our meals.  I think everyone got the filet except me, I had the rib eye.   The flavors were definitely all there and the portions were plentiful.  Dessert came with the meal and it was excellent, a cheesecake and a separate big Italian cheesecake was brought for the birthday celebration and it was the crowd favorite for sure.  Check it out if your around one, its an experience.I ate what was probably the best petite filet mignon I've ever had. It was delicious. I highly recommend going there, and yes, it will burn a hole in your wallet, but worth it. Connie, our waitress was very nice and on top of it all. She received a good tip!We wee in New Orleans and my husband and I decided to celebrate our 1 year anniversary here. Our waiter Joseph was the best and totally made our experience memorable and pleasant. I have been to the Roth Chris in San Francisco but Joseph's outstanding service topped that location by far. Thank you Joseph!