Thoroughly enjoyed the fried chicken. The greens were excellent. Great service. We ordered too much good and fortunately they had run out if a couple things during the day service because we had more than enough food with just the entrees.This restaurant is quite the little gem just at the beginning of the French quarter!  Huge craft beer selection and very friendly staff. Fried chicken is seasoned perfectly and cooked to perfection, mac and cheese is the best I've had in a long time too. You have to try the artichoke dip, it brings you back to thanksgiving day and the artichoke casserole that your grandmother makes, the buffalo oysters are to die for! Overall this is a place that you have to try when you are visiting nola.Absolutely delicious fried chicken! The crust was so flavorful, as well as the chicken moist & tender. And the collard greens were the best I've ever had; smokey & bacon-y. I'm not a fan of gravy but I have to admit their chicken gravy tasted like it was made in the chicken frying pan. It was not your usual greasy cooked flour. Well worth the walk over from the Orleans Street in the French Quarter. Great service too!Went for dinner last night. Hanger steak did not disappoint. Amazing dish! The bar tender even customized the Saint Lawrence for my taste buds...a spicy pepper vodka added in was the perfect mix of Saint and Sinner. A little spicy with a little sweet. Great place!Excellent food, great staff, and late hours. Jalissa took amazing care of us--she's the best!! Don't miss it, this place rocks!This place is always a stop when guests are in town. One of the best daiquiri's in town the pins cup daiquiri is off the chain.I rarely give low reviews but when the food calls for it then it has to get it. The positives: location, wait staff, Mac and cheese. We ordered the signature fried chicken dish, Mac and cheese, chicken fried steak and asparagus side special. Two of the three pieces of the fried chicken were a bit undercooked ( no blood but there was light pink) the breading on it overweighted the meat. I had asked for all white meat as the server offered it but it never happened. Mashed potatoes were soggy and not real potatoes even though the server said it was freshly made. Chicken fried steak was soggy chuck meat that was falling apart. All in all don't go here!Great lunch po'boys! Had the shrimp poboy and my husband had the cheese steak that were excellent. Would definitely recommendEdge of quarter bar that has no reason to be as good as it is.  They offer table service which can be nice if you are crowd weary.  But main reason I am posting this review - get their chicken wings.  They are like crack.  Their daquiris don't disappoint on a hot day - fresh stuff - definitely not the usual puddle of everclear and red food coloring.St Lawrence is truly St AWESOME!!!
Came here for a late supper on a busy Saturday night and was not disappointed. Their hours are super convenient, 11 am to 2 am, everyday,  so scoring a later reservation on a busy weekend was not a problem. Walked in and they had our table waiting for us, even though they were super packed!
Our server was awesomely friendly and suggested some cocktails to start. I was blessed because I love Chai and they actually had a a special Chai latte daiquiri that night! OMG, it was so darn good I ordered their largest size and took the rest to go! YUM! 
As for their menu, well, it's concise, enticing, and designed with locally sourced Southern cuisine in mind.  
I opened for their $29 prix fixed menu. 
First course- Buffalo Oysters, Oh HELL YES! So darn delicious and innovative. I could seriously eat 4 plates of these! I mean, everyone raves about the "Chargrilled Oysters" in New Orleans but I'd have to say these are equally on par! 
Second course- St Lawrence Fried Chicken...THE BEST!!! Yowzers! It was savory, herb rubbed, and intriguing. Yes,it had a tiny kick of spiciness, but more so, it was PACKED with Southern FLAVOR! It's truly hallmark to this awesome eatery! Nom, Nom, Nom!!!
DEFINITELY on my New Orleans fried chicken list!!!
Third course- Bread Pudding...Boom, inhaled, and GONE, it was so perfectly YUMMY!
What more can I say but St Lawrence is ON my list of favorite eateries in New Orleans!
What's also cool is that they don't rush you here. Even though there was a line out the door of people waiting to be seated, our server said, "Please enjoy our food and drink and take your time..." Next to us, there was a nasty princess and her dweeb boyfriend taking up a table for 4, and splitting only one entree between them, and a glass of wine, for 90 minutes, while taking endless selfies of each other (probably to send to National Geographic, get over yourself's honeys, you ain't that cute), and their server never rushed them out of their table, even though they stiffed him his gratuity (yeah, they were THAT ghetto). He shrugged it off and still kept on serving merrily to the rest of his stations! How COOL is that?!
See you next time St Awesome, oops, St Lawrence!!!Food does not disappoint...the value and quality are top notch. Came in looking for wings but got the red beans and rice plate. That was soooooo delicious and surprisingly large portion size. Lots of choices for beer and beverage but I had ice tea, freshly brewed. The corn bread was like dessert and I left feeling full and satisfied. If you want really good NOLA food on a budget I highly recommend this place as the first place to go.Saint Lawrence had great drinks and the food was outstanding. The Gumbo was very tasty. I had the Shrimp PO' Boy and it was so good. The ambiance was really cool. Would definitely go back again.Good for a more casual meal in New Orleans. The food was very good, service was a little confused, but that may have been a result of our large group.Went to have lunch here today based on the reviews...ordered a simple BBQ cheese burger cooked medium and onion rings. When the lunch arrived the burger was black...over cooked way beyond well done while the onion rings were under cooked...pick somewhere else....Everything we ordered was amazing!  One friend mentioned her meal - the Crawfish Cocktail was one of the best meals she's had all week. 
My turducken burger was perfectly cooked and served with dirty rice, and was outstanding. 
The frozen Pimms Cup drink was very refreshing and went down nice and smooth.
James, the chef, came out to visit with us and he and our server were especially attentive to us. We will hope to be back soon!Sooooooo....im an active duty Marine and this is my 4th work related visit to New Orleans and this also happens to be my 4th time coming to St Lawrence and it never fails to impress me! The bartender named Casha needs to be your go-to when it comes to food, drinks and all around cool AF service. I dont even order drinks anymore, i just ask her to surprise me. I had the red beans & rice platter tonight and there was nothing but "Naw'lins" soul embedded in it. The andoullie sausage that came with it was off the chain. Perfect mixture of flavor, spice and crisp. For my drink choice she surprised with the Blueberry Basil/Pimms Cup daiquiri and it is niiiiiice. 5 points for Casha! If youre in NOLA and want good food, good people, good drinks and a good experience then make your way here! #factsI popped in here during my Running of the Bulls weekend of madness.  It sort of gave me a bit of déjà vu for a moment when I first walked in and made me think I was back Uptown at St. Joe's Bar but while there are a few similarities this place has a personality all its own.  I liked this place a lot more before I ate here.  The bar is a very enjoyable place and still has a hint of its past dive bar ambiance while gaining a much more sophisticated flair.  The food was disappointing as when I was deciding between the regular burger and turducken  burger I was going to order the turducken burger but I didn't want dirty rice as my side but the server told me there would be a $4 charge to make a substitution to fries.  Ok so I just ordered the regular burger instead and was in a grumpy mood for not being able to have a choice of side.  The appearance of the regular burger reminded me of the fantastic burger at Le Petite Grocery but the meat was disappointing to me and wasn't that good.  I might return to drink here but now I'm cautious about the food as the burger was really disappointing and the lack of flexibility with the sides is laughable when it comes to cheap items like fries and rice.St. Lawrence is a clean, friendly bar with a short but interesting menu (with multiple vegetarian options) and extensive beer/cocktail list that feels like it was transported from San Diego to New Orleans. I walked in around 6:15 on a Thursday hoping to grab an early bite to eat before returning to my hotel to do some work; it only had a few people inside, but began to fill up as time went on and people with more exciting evening plans than mine began to arrive!
There were multiple bartenders/servers behind the bar, and I was quickly greeted and taken care of. I started with the crawfish cocktail. They were out of tortilla chips and offered to substitute housemade potato chips, but I was perfectly satisfied eating it with a spoon. The menu describes it as crawfish tails, avocado, tomato, and horseradish, and I was a little surprised when, upon first bite, it tasted kind of ketchup-y (it may have just been the sweet/sour of the citrus and tomato). As I continued eating, I noticed there were more subtle flavors that emerged, with the slight chewiness of the crawfish offset by soft avocado and crunchy onion pieces, and the sweet/sourness of the sauce nicely complemented by some cilantro and the spice of the horseradish. Overall, I really enjoyed it, and it was a very generous portion.
Although the cocktail was filling, I was feeling snacky and decided to try an order of sweet potato fries. They were fine: nicely cut, perfectly salted, and not too greasy; had they come with a dipping sauce other than ketchup, I think that would have bumped them up a bit in my book. As it was, the regular fries ordered by the guy next to me smelled heavenly, and I had a few regrets that I hadn't opted for those.
I was intrigued by the housemade deviled eggs and the soup of the day (curried black bean), as well as other menu items, but at this point I was pressing the boundaries of my stomach's comfort and decided to call it a night. St. Laurence would be a great place to go with friends to have a few cocktails and appetizers or a casual dinner. It's exactly the sort of place I would frequent if I lived in NOLA.Just completely amazing place. Very good selection of beers and diverse in cocktails. But the kicker is, they're menu. I had the fried chicken (recommended by Ashley) and it was the perfect choice. Juicy chicken, tasteful mashed potatoes and greens with a bit spicy to them that was spot on. Other reviewers complain about the slow food delivery but what's the rush you're at the French Square plus it is freshly made. This is not some fast food joint. Sit back and relax and enjoy a very laid back bar. The staff Ashley and Tom are amazing, very friendly and helpful with beer selections. Can't wait to go back. Definitely my favorite place in the French Square area.Came by for lunch with friends and I had the fried chicken SOOOOO GOOOOD! get it with the side of hot sauce the greens perfect the gravy super yummy!!! Friends had Mac and cheese with bacon and that was also super yummy!
Drinks are tasty I had the blueberry and basil special drink? Amazing! 
I liked that even in the French quarter tourist trap this place is a gem in the rough. Great food, great music playing, great drinks, great decor, and great service. 
Hats off to management you are doing something right!! 
I'm officially coming back to New Orleans and will visit again!
Cheers!!This was my fourth night in NOLA and thus far I had had three amazing meals! After reading all of the great yelp reviews, I was eager to try this place out. The wait staff seemed a little annoyed that I wanted a table for one despite the fact that I had made a reservation. Initially the service was prompt but it took longer and longer as my visit progressed. The Buffalo oysters were delicious. I would recommend them. The fried chicken is very tasty but my mashed potatoes were cold and flavorless and I didn't even touch the greens. I was very disappointed in the bread pudding. Given the number of places to try in the Quarter, this is not on my list of places to return to.HO-LY Yum! I had both the specials, the sweet potato soup and the baked brussels sprouts - they were amazing and just what I wanted because i wasn't starving. BUT! If you are, my friend got the fried chicken... it was the best fried chicken I'd ever eaten... ever, but there's a lot of it and it's filling, so be ready for it. The lamb stew was also amazing and the po-boy was great (but aren't they all?). The menu is super simple, but we still couldn't make up our minds and Lauren, our waitress, was wonderful. Her explanations were right on the money and she did a great job of helping us make decisions.  
Much love for this place. If I lived in NOLA (when I live in NOLA??) I would (will??) frequent it.Look, if you are gonna call it a "gastropub," in New Orleans, of all places, you have to make the food good. Here, it isn't. Soggy, oily french fries came with a mediocre burger; a beet salad's uncooked beets had the flavor and consistency of beer coasters. The bartender was rude and the service was poor.  My dining companions were more charitable, one liked the seared tuna I thought was pedestrian. Paula called it a beautiful  space, but said the food was "hit or miss." On my scorecard: Miss.What a fun, friendly place! Y'know, I'm not normally prone to saying, rather, *appreciating* such things, but it holds true in St. Lawrence's case. I like. I like very much.
There's the little surprises. First, it's on N Peters, so it keeps company with places like Coyote Ugly. So, you'd expect lousy drinks, a gimmick and tourists lapping it all up. That's not at all the case here. There's local art on the walls, craft cocktails (even the daiquiri choices are craft. I mean, Pimms and Harvest Pumpkin?! Plus the best mint julep I've ever had, with ginger and St. Germaine, no less!) and good food coming out of the kitchen. I only tasted the chips with pimento cheese, but a perusal of the menu reveals that there's lots of good going on there. It's an inspired menu, with comfort favorites, as well as creative takes on such favorites. I did hear people going on about the special of the day (duck, so obviously I can't comment on that). There are at least two vegetarian options besides salads and apps, including a sloppy joe. 
Then there's the extremely nice and as of yet, non-jaded staff. Our bartendress was extremely nice and came and checked on us regularly. We arrived hella early, so we were the only ones in there. Nice that no one forgot about us (far more common than you'd expect and I can totally understand, having worked in the industry for so long) and went the extra distance to be friendly, while not overly attentive. It's a delicate balance, folks.
This is a pretty straightforward review (what? no stories?), but I'm sure I'll be back so I can embellish upon things...Spectacular staff, great food, great beer selection. Jay was our Aladdin through a magical tour of beer and food. Prefect experience.This place is definitely a hidden gem! The valet at the hotel said that he had never heard of it but luckily me and the boo stuck to our original plan and sought out on our quest for  fried chicken! We ordered the appetizer wings, Buffalo oysters, mac and cheese and the fried chicken entree....everything was great...probably won't order the Buffalo oysters again...I just prefer them chargrilled/broiled....they were nicely prepared though....I'm not a chef but I know good food....and the  service was great! Also....The pimms cup was awesome!This was the perfect place for me to start my day on vacation in Nola.  I came in around noon and found the atmosphere to be cool and pleasant.  My diet is restricted due to recent dental surgery and the server was attentive, helpful and accommodating.  The blueberry basil daiquiri tasted fresh and delicious and the red beans and rice were very tasty.  I plan to visit again.OPEN LATE and amazing food! We were looking for a place were we could have good authentic local food and we found it here. There are tons of options for both food and drinks. We had the shrimp and grits as our main - the taste was unreal. We also had the mashed potatoes with chicken gravy, the Mac n cheese, the gumbo and the brussels sprouts as sides. I know it seems like a lot of food but the sizes and prices were small - perfect for sharing. The restaurant is big on local ingredients and changing their house specials. Can't wait to go back and see what the chef has added. Even though this place has an extensive beer selection, we're liquor people and they had a nice cocktail menu. I loved my St. Lawrence! We ordered it twice and I can't wait to go back and get it again.I almost don't want to review b/c I love this place. Quiet, small, and slightly off the FQ beaten path, it is by far my fave place to eat when I'm out downtown. I've never had a bad dish the handful of times I've eaten here. The staff is super nice, there's a good beer selection, and I rarely see any of the FQ drunken d-bags here. Also, the kitchen is open late!
Oh, and once Morgan Freeman ate at the table behind us. True story.Great place! Loved the happy hour until 7pm after a long day of meeting. Great food all around the table ... Fried chicken and sweet potato has was fantastic! Loved the Peach bellini and Winter Sangri Happy Hour.I went based on the reviews from Yelp and they impressed me so i had to go check it out for myself! Once I got there it was great atmosphere. Food was delicious and I definitely will be  back when I travel back to New Orleans!Needed to eat after a drinking session in the French Quarter at about midnight and did not want pizza. St Lawrence was recommended by a local bar owner and did not disappoint.
Food is fresh and locally sourced. Menu is imaginative and varied. Staff are friendly and the drinks are good.On my recent, and first, trip to Nola, this became my favorite restaurant. I'm not kidding. It's a dive bar with a huge beer list and a phenomenal kitchen. The prices are spot on. Everything we had was great. In fact we came here one night after having eaten at Cochon the night before (very disappointing), then we had tried to get into Peche the next night but we sensed the same snobby, pretentious, overpriced vibe there too, so we bailed and came to St Lawrence. Best decision we made the whole time. Then we came back on Sunday (very few places are open for dinner on Sunday). The service here is great, the drinks are great and affordable ($7 Sazeracs WITH absinthe!!) and the food is bomb.Absolutely the BEST burger in have ever had in my life!  Homemade onion rings are fantastic too!Hello, Pimms Cup Daiquiri.
Protip: Get the huge one. You will think, nah, the small is sufficient.... but then you drink it all and want more, because it is awesome. Just get the large.
I haven't tried any of the food yet, but the menu looks awesome. Also, really extensive beer menu, including some very random bottles I have never heard of.
Nice, relatively calm place to hang out and have a drink and/or a meal.Great food and excellent service. By far the nicest set of staff out of any restaurant we visited during our stay in New Orleans. You could tell they took pride in the food and service. Would came back to NOLA in a heartbeat just to eat at this place.Average. Bloody Mary was okay. Had better in the city. Very relaxing atmosphere with good people watching.If it wasn't so hot in there, they would have gotten 5 stars. The food was incredible and the service was good. MAC AND CHEESE was one of the best I've had and the buffalo chicken sandwich was on point. I'm not sure if the air was broken it if they usually just don't have it on but I had to leave early because I couldn't eat my hot food in the heat.Not sure why this place isn't given 5 stars only.  It's really a restaurant in a bar. It is not a white cloth table top type restaurant.  However, the food and drinks are really good and the food is top-notched.  I had probably the best hamburger that I've ever eaten.  The menu changes seasonally beased upon what's available in the local markets.  The drinks are individually made and distintive.  Some are nothing like anything I've ever had.  All in all it's a really good restaurant (in a bar), and a bar with exceptionally good drinks.As a former French Quarter dweller, I always was short on great spots to have more than greasy diner food late night in the neighborhood. St. Lawrence fills in this gap in the midnight hour, and during day light as well... with a varied menu that offers something for everyone. 
The arugula peach salad is delicious and though I am a equal opportunity eater (meats, fishies, veggies, unknowns), and there are plenty of great carnivore options on the menu (like the TURDUCKEN BURGER(!)), they have great offerings for the herbivorically inclined. The veggie curry is perfect and the sloppy joel (all veggie) is pretty awesome too. 
Glad to see some non-pretentious local talents heading up a spot that keeps it straight and simple: quality, locally sourced, wholesome, what's in season kind of foods, great service, at a good price point, serving into the late night hours. 
The cocktail menu has lots of great delights too. The fresh mississippi blueberry basil gin daiquiri will make you rethink what a daiquiri can be. mmmm....  
Oh, and don't forget dessert. I thought I hated pudding until I tried the banana pudding. It's all fresh mashed up 'nana's, with a POW! Ginger cookie, and a perfectly tinged cardamom cream. Not to forget the tempura fried double stuffed oreo. I almost never eat fried ... but my lord, this thing is a whole new dimension of dessert.My husband and I decided to check this place out for dinner while staying in the French quarter. We were immediately greeted by very friendly waitstaff. I had a new cocktail the "Holy Paloma." It was very good - not too sweet and the basil added a savoury touch. My husband had the steak sandwich and I had a vegetable sandwich. I really enjoyed my sandwich. All the vegetables were fresh and flavourful. My husbands sandwich and potato salad were a touch bland and could have use a little more seasoning but overall a terrific meal.This place has an amazing vibe from the decor to the servers. Price is consistent with the rest of the city, but the food is different and good. Drinks are not stingy on liquor either. We came back again for the lamb meat pie appetizer (which they were out of) but the cheese dip IS divine (their tagline) and everything else we've tasted here is on par to that. Very friendly and helpful. Next time we come to the city, we will be back again and again. A hidden gem!Pretty good food. The specialty fried chicken was just ok. The fries with gravy and cheese were amazing.No southern charm here.  Service was slower than expected considering how empty the restaurant was. Chicken sandwich was good.  Burger was so burnt it was difficult to bite into and I couldn't taste anything except the char.  I know the burgers are char-burgers but this was so burnt I had to cut the exterior layer of char off to finish the burger.  I wouldn't return for a free meal here.  At $15 for a burger and $5 extra dollars for the fries, I expected better quality, better taste and better service.Obviously, being new in town, I am up for any suggestions from the locals & this one hit the spot!!!
My pedicab driving neighbor was telling me where I could get decently priced food items that he promised were worth every penny & much, much more. This was one of the 1st places he mentioned. (Will keep checking out every other suggestion too in due time; stay tuned for those later!) 
To be honest, the space itself is sorta odd feeling with cool art yet lots of tvs everywhere. I was by myself & sat at the bar, but I could see hanging out with a group of friends there sometime. Basically, the place is way more bar than restaurant.
I was greeted promptly & with a sincere smile (I was a hostess at one point. I know when people are faking it!) Turns out her name was Crystal & she couldn't have been any nicer. I was undecided on what kind of drink to order & she was very sweet to talk me through what I liked & some new options I might like to try. I ended up selecting a watermelon concoction that was amazing & perfect for the summer weather. Two thumbs up!
She highly suggested the fried chicken or the hanger steak. I decided to go for the hanger steak. It was fantastic. It came with homemade French fries (that weren't soggy. Huge props!!!) & a chimmichurri (sp?) sauce. The menu is all over the map, literally, but I can see why the place was packed when I got there & when I left. 
New Orleans, or NOLA as the locals call it, is known for being a food city & so far, I can certainly see why! See you again soon, Saint Lawrence!!Great food - although price point a bit higher - I think a lot goes into these dishes and a great staff, I really enjoyed itSweet dive bar with good cocktails & tasty food. Order the St. Lawrence to drink & Smothered & Covered Fries to eat. Go hungry, the portions are huge & affordable.Our first visit was to feed a hungry friend fresh off the plane just after the 9 pm witching hour for kitchens on Monday nights in the Quarter.  Recommended by another bartender, the place suited us just fine.  Great selection of beers, acceptable house wine, and our friend discovered and fell in love with a fine version of red beans and rice with cornbread (of course).  Our second visit was for lunch after walking the length of the waterfont-- again service was cheerful and good, our waiter was knowledgeable about the beers, and it's gotta fun vibe for locals and tourists alike.  This time I got to have the creole tomato salad, taste the red beans and rice (excellent with just the right amount of heat) and the greens are really good (cooked up fresh), and the burger with cheese sauce disappeared without a comment-- definitely a good one.  The tourist family with youngish kids looked as happy as the old guys at the bar-- definitely a fun lunch spot for all.Ambiance- 4 stars
Wait staff personality- 1 star
Food - 3 stars
Tap beer selection- 0 stars
Sorry to be so rude but did not feel welcome here.A great spot for local & divine food until 2am. We had Mark as our waiter and he was terrific, engaging & knowledgable. My fiancé had the fried chicken that was out of this world. I had the fish of the day - amberjack on a deconstructed Cesar salad - my description not theirs. It was more fish than salad & so incredibly tasty. Perfection on a plate. Their cocktails were great too. We had both the St Lawrence & a peach handcrafted Bellini - both hit the spot. It's also nice because it's off the main drag of the quarter so it's a bit more peaceful - something we were craving after a week around the quarter! Don't miss it!Very pricey place so expect to pay a pretty penny for good creole southern food. I got the fried buffalo oysters for 12$. It was cooked well, accompanied with fresh salads and blue cheese. We also got the artichoke dip for 10$. Note we didn't really buy any main dinner items because I'm a poor traveler haha. You're pretty much looking at almost 20-30 for a good set meal.
Servers are nice and attentive to any questions I had. The inner decor is very relaxed, old-fashioned. They have personal artworks on the wall if any painting there catches your fancy.Probably the best food we had in all of New Orleans. The mac&cheese is amazing and the Bayou Cheesesteak was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Best daiquiris we found in the whole French Quarter, made with fresh juice rather than sugary mix. The spiced sangria was great too. We liked this place so much we went back a few times within a 2-day trip. The atmosphere is great, the staff is super friendly and the food was to-die-for. Plus they offer their whole menu until 2am. Highly recommend!!From Philly, so I have high expectations. Came because it was a 4 star near my hotel. Was interested in the curry entrees on the menu, but it seems that had changed with the seasons, no more currry. The bartender offered me solid advice quinoa pilaf with blackened chicken Delectable! Took over 20 min but worth it. Yep, thumbs up here!Really enjoyed this restaurant... Seemed very slow for a Saturday afternoon... But to my surprise I ordered the smothered fries and wings and they were very good... Customer service was very friendly...1st time in New Orleans and 1st restaurant.  We were seated immediately, but apparently that's rare as they said they're usually busy and take reservations only.  Met up with friends. 
Hubby had the Fried chicken which was amaze-balls and I had a pulled pork sandwich with a side of seasoned broccoli.  The sandwich tasted good and the broccoli was perfectly seasoned.
The service was questionable, but we had a great time all in all.Hour and half wait. No steak left on the menu
Good was cold service sub-par.  Very greasy environment. It's more a BAR than restaurantWe stayed at the Westin so this bar was the first place we came across when venturing out. Little did we know the amazing beer selection would bring us back a second time during our stay. 
The bartenders were extremely friendly and helpful. Will definitely return next time I'm in NOLA!My wife and I were looking for a reasonably priced, positively reviewed restaurant in the Quarter that accepted reservations. St. Lawrence fit the bill, but it also provided a fantastic meal and experience that exceeded my expectations.
The confit chicken wings had the fall off the bone tenderness and crispy texture I was expecting, along with a perfect amount of heat from the Crystal-based glaze and a delicious goat cheese dressing on the side. I doubled down on bird and got the fried chicken, which was good, crispy outside and tender inside, especially the leg. The accompanying side of mashed potatoes with chicken tasso gravy was very tasty.
The mac and cheese deserves its own paragraph. Our waiter recommended we get some no matter what we ordered. It was, no hyperbole, the best mac we've ever had. Perfect creamy texture and unbelievable flavor. The waiter copped to smoked gouda as a key ingredient, but there's definitely some other magic involved and I'm better off not knowing how to replicate it for my health.
The service was friendly and attentive, and the vibe of the place was fun and boisterous, as much a bar as a restaurant. The back of the place was pretty crowded and loud, so I'd recommend sitting  at one of the tables in the front if you're eating.
St. Lawrence has joined our rotation of restaurants to visit whenever we're in town. In NOLA, that's really saying something.Very good burgers, although a little pricey at $15 bucks. Bartenders (we sat at the bar) were all right despite their constant gossiping and apparent resentment towards the guys dressed in red dresses but not participating in the Red Dress Run (no worries. Those turkeys annoyed us all day and night). Nice menu, a little pricey, good enough service, and a good location. I'll be back to try something else off the menu.Gots what you need. A notch (or two) above bar food. A great Malbec on their limited wine list and all local beers on tap. Everything from salads to steak frites with fish fry and burger in between; it's what a 21st century bar should be.
The barkeep accommodated our request to turn on the Prez debates. The food was great.
They get my vote, for sure!Great service....everyone was extremely friendly.
Great beer on draft.
Food is unique and tastes amazing plus they have desserts that are not the usual fair.I was pretty pumped that my friends suggested we grab a late dinner here after a comedy show a few weeks back. Having heard nothing but good things about the place, I was excited to check it out. I was not disappointed! The place was pretty empty, but it was also 9:30pm on a Monday night. The manager waited on us and was super friendly the entire time we were there. He had some great suggestions for the table and was very attentive. I was craving a burger that night and had a simple but delicious burger with Hook's cheddar and fresh cut fries. The table sampled and raved about everything from the rabbit lasagna to the turducken burger. The manager brought out some samples of the special homemade daiquiri of the day and I just had to have one for myself! This was a great meal in a fun atmosphere. I will be back. Overall: A great place for a laid-back dinner with friends in the Quarter. Or just grab one of their awesome frozen daqs to go!Name tags?!?
Food and drinks had me drooling...name tags...not so much. What is this applebees?! 
Macnchz plz...wet drenched noddles in creamy Chz 
the saint lawerence drink is so refreshing
Fresh cut fries are bomb!!!We ordered some food to the room because we were tired and didn't want to walk out in the heat. I ordered the St Lawrence Chicken, with mashed potatoes and greens. Ok my honest opinion would be a no to the chicken on so many levels. I am not sure if the rosemary is supposed to be so pronounced but it over took the chicken and to make matters worse it was burnt. The smell engulfed our room to the point it made my roommate sick to her stomach. I literally had to remove it from the room because the smell was so powerful. The mashed potatoes with cuts of chicken were cold when it arrived. Mind you everything else was still nice and hot. The greens were actually good and were the only thing I ate completely. Maybe I should actually go to the restaurant next time and see if I get a different experience but as far as delivery is concerned it is a no for me.I love that the kitchen is open till 2am every night. Last time I was in I had the sausage and peppers poboy it was really good but my heart was set on getting braised ribs. I love their bottled beer selection. They have unusual bottled beer that others don't have. One time I noticed a strawberry cider from MO it turned out to be too tart to drink. I like the unusual historic looking artwork. Service can be iffy depending on what bartender ya get.  I'll be back for more food late nightGreat location, loved the frozen Pimm's Cup - reLly unique. Friendly and helpful service . Had an awesome New Orleans cheesesteak sandwich. Highly recommend!Stellar service! Food is amazing-you can tell the menu is carefully thought out. Bartender was fantastic!Wonderful! I stopped here with my significant other and had lunch, and it was delicious! Kayla and Caroline were two very attentive, nice, and otherwise great servers, plus the food was awesome. The cornbread with honey butter is to die for and the fried chicken meal was incredible. They also were very nice and substituted Mac and Cheese into my order as I couldn't have the collard greens due to the onion. This is a great establishment and I would highly recommend it!Delicious burger and onion rings, excellent service,  and interesting cocktails.  Enjoyed Primm cup and blueberry basil gimlet.This place has a great chill vibe.  I love the location on the Riverside of the quarter and close to canal.  The bar staff is very friendly. They had a chai tea daquiri so I tried it because it sounded bizarre
  It was surprisingly delicious and creative.   I've eaten here a couple of times and the food is delicious.   My favorite has always been the hanger steak so this time I had the bayou cheesteak because it was grilled hanger with onions, red peppers, mushrooms with sharp cheddar on a leidenheimer.  It was delicious.   I'll have to come back to try the gorgonzola burgerVery lovely and super on top of it staff. The fried chicken is absolutely to die for. I particularly like this place for a low key and leisurely brunch or lunch.My awful dining experience happened back in February but I didn't have a Yelp account then but I swore that if I ever signed up that this would be my first review.
I had the duck salad after a show at HOB which I remember being ok...
That night I had the worst food poisoning I had ever had in my life.  My friend had a bite of my salad and got food poisoning as well.
The next day I called and spoke with a day waitress and told her what had happened and asked her to have a manager or owner call me back.
Two days later I had still not received a call back so I called and got the owner on the phone.  I cannot remember what this jerk's name was but he identified himself as the owner.
I told him what had happened and he told me that he had eaten the same duck salad and he hadn't gotten sick so I was wrong.  As someone who works with service industry and bars/restaurants, this is the craziest thing I have ever been told.  Food poisoning could come from unwashed lettuce, a contaminated utensil, cooks (or servers) not washing their hands, refrigerated meats or dozens of other sources.  
I have never been spoken to so rudely as from this owner.  He continually asked me what i wanted him to do about it.  How about refunding the amount charged to my credit card for starters?!?  He refused to do this, even for the contaminated dish.  I should have called and had my bank refuse the charge but I have decided that telling everyone I know in New Orleans never to eat there will be better.
My friends who took me there were regulars until this incident.  They too are in the restaurant industry and were floored by this owners response.
I won't be surprised when this restaurant closes just like the many businesses that have occupied this space before them.  The restaurant business is a hard one but it is only made harder by treating customers poorly.Kayla was awesome! ! About time we found a place that was fun and had much better service. Fun young and hip!! You can't miss saying hi to Big Red and the fun interesting women at the front.Seriously great grub.  Special "Softshell Crab BLT" was huge and to die for.   Wait staff was awesome - service efficient and with a smile.   Fun atmosphere, tvs rotating sports and West Side Story with 80s music in background, interesting art for sale on wall in back, open windows with bar crawls going by.   
Another NOLA gem.    Will be back.I popped in for a quick drink while waiting for friends to join up. Bartenders were really nice and on top of everything going on. They were pretty full but they still continued making rounds and speaking with everyone. Drinks weren't French quarter expensive eitherWandered in after visiting the Insectarium down the street. Shrimp po'boy was crazy good. I don't normally like fried shrimp, but these were tender and flavorful and had a delicious light breading to them. The sandwich was amazing. Had their strawberry lemonade daiquiri which packed quite a punch. Staff was friendly and courteous - thoroughly enjoyed my time there.I am a french quarter resident and native new orleanian. St. Lawrence is my favorite go-to bar in the quarter, well worth the 12 block walk for me (which for a quarter resident is a looong way, past a plethora of great bars and eateries). The homemade daiquiris are exquisite (and don't give the headache that the syrupy daiquiris on bourbon street do), my sister's favorite drink in the city. All the drinks are great, made with care and swiftness. The food is wonderful, gourmet and interesting without being too expensive. This is especially exciting because it serves food until 2am, so you dont just have to settle for shoving greasy junk down your throat when you get hungry after a night out. I think the burger medium rare with bacon and pimento is the best burger in town, and believe it or not the best fried chicken too (they baste it for 24 hours ao the meat itself holds the flavor). My former roommate was a chef at the world-famous K-Paul's restaurant, and this is where he and his coworkers would always go for after work food and drinks. The bartenders are super friendly and helpful. I'm sitting here right now with my dad watching the LSU baseball game with the remote control in my hand - without many folks here today Meredith turned off the music and put on the game sound for us. She and Jesse and Crystal and the others are all easy to converse with, bright and nice and most of all totally relaxed and comfortable behind the bar, which puts an easy comfortable smile on the customers. Chef Caleb is also totally approachable and friendly, ready to talk about the food or ideas or anything going on in the city. Strangely, it hasn't seemed to catch as a crowded hot spot yet, which is too bad for them but great for us -- this wont last because word is getting out so enjoy this roomy factor while you can. I am super happy it is smoke free. My one grievance is that they should have public wifi, whoch i thought they did but apparently dont anymore? Still overall, five stars.Solid 4 stars to this place.  Casual atmosphere. Good service. We actually visited this place twice in New Orleans just to have the jalapeño Mac and cheese with fried shrimp for a second time. That dish was absolutely to die for!  We also had gumbo which was really good.My favourite spot for dinner and cocktails. Always interesting conversation at the bar. Had the best fried chicken of my life the other night and Shea took great care of me. Thanks!We walked toward Bourbon looking for a restaurant that looked local and interesting and weren't disappointed. The gumbo was delicious, the folks who worked there couldn't have been more patient, helpful or friendly. We ate at the bar and would recommend this place to anyone looking for good local food and hospitality.