Sin duda el mejor postre y café de Nueva Orleans, el king cake es una delicia, aunque es producto de temporada y no siempre lo encuentras.When you walk through the doors, you are greeted by beautiful displays of macaroons, fancy desserts, gelato case and chocolates, beautiful arranged chocolates. The RWCC (raspberry white chocolate cheesecake) and salted caramel macaroons were melt in your mouth piece of heaven. Scrumptuous!! Don't walk...RUN!!This place is super cute! Came for some dessert and loved everything I ordered. They have a really good iced mocha and they offer to make with regular or dark chocolate. The desserts here are great too. Definitely check them out to satisfy your sweet tooth!Great food, extremely long service! We wanted to do a nice little lunch and ended up being there for two hours waiting for our food. Would highly recommend for people on a less pressing schedule!Went for brunch while we were in NOLA for Mardi Gras. . . . service was great. . . the food was phenomenal.
My hubby had French Onion Soup. . . I had the  Crawdad Mac n Cheese. . . . !!The food pairings seem a bit unconventional but they are awesome in both appearance and flavor.Lovely hidden gem at 2nd floor of a beautiful bakery. Had lunch here. Fresh food, delicious, healthy. Very friendly staff!The food was average to good. The service was so disorganized and the waitstaff so inexperienced that I was shocked The place was owned by sucre (an extraordinarily well thought out and executed retail operation). Talk about squandering Brand integrity  and goodwill!  The beet salad was a joke. Be sure to ask the server what you will be getting. Essentially a goat cheese soup garnished with paper thin beet shavings.  We ordered our steaks medium and medium rare. They came out rare and barely seared, respectively. We are not the type to return a dish and are willing to give restaurants the benefit of the doubt but they were both so inexcusably undercooked that we had to send them back and it made you wonder who is in charge of the kitchen. (It was so objectively bad that the manager and Chef came out to apologize and gave us two free desserts of our choosing). Desserts were outstanding. A place like this, with its beautiful build out and perfect location and sucre's proven business acumen and brand, should be packed at all times yet It was nearly dead on the Saturday of New Orleans decadence festival.  If the kitchen put as much emphasis on the food and menu as it does on presentation, it would be a runaway success.  Dictated to Siri. I apologize for errors.The bar and restaurant above Sucre is about as lovely and charming a place as you could find in Paris, Napa, or N'awlins... Do yourself a favor and order the Rosie champagne cocktail. The butters. The tea. It's worth having a few! 
And then there's the chicken salad sandwich. Sweet Jesus it came on a prefect sesame croissant and had perfect marcona almonds and grapes. If my frittata had been less than perfect I would have had food envy. The English peas were such a crisp and light taste. The balsamic on the greens perfectly matched the rich baked Parmesan. 
All things, we stumbled upon this lil gem and I was in a pissy mood because I didn't get up in time to go see the plantations and the Quarter is mostly shut down because of Mardi Gras. For a delightful brunch to take me from that to feeling on top of the world says a lot about it. This is definitely on our list of must returns to!!!Came here for the afternoon tea - food was delicious, but the tea was consistently lukewarm. Still, the food was good enough to warrant going back a second time if I get the chance.The lemon risotto with scallops was the best dish on the menu! Everyone at my table had wished they ordered the little darlings! The tea and macaroons were very pretty as well. I recommend the Paris tea or wedding tea.This is a hidden gem in New Orleans.  One of the most amazing meals I've ever had.  The staff was amazing, charcuterie and cheese plates were beyond expectation, and the duck was perfection.  A must try in this city.  You will not be disappointed!My cautionary tale
Worst service ever.  Traveled to NOLA for my husband bday.  Went to Sucre for happy hour.  Ordered the frites with cavier, fast forward 25 minutes no appetizer.  Went to talk to the server and she said first not sure why it is taking so long then when inquired further she stated I forgot.
5 minutes later no resolution so talked to the owner who said we didn't owe for our drinks.  Small token for a sub par experience.
My advice double check what you ordered and ensure your server heard what you ordered.Beets are amazing, the addition of chocolate takes this dish to the next level. Wine selection is wonderful. Attention to detail in the dining room and bar provide a great atmosphere. Will be back for more!Service: 3/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Price: 4/5
Food: 4/5
"Why only two stars?",-you could ask. 
Here is the thing. 
I ordered lemons for my water. The waitress brought them without toothpicks or the lemon tong.
Well, it is not a big deal of course.
We were patiently waiting for food about 40 minutes. 
I was getting frustrated. I wish our waitress​ kept us informed about the process​ (she was not busy at all because there were only two more​ tables in her zone).
My impression of the place was dropped down after she brought our benedict on the chipped plate. This is unacceptable​ for that level restaurant. First of all, the cook should check the plate and the waitress​ should double check what exactly she is going to present to the customer. It means that those two who was in charge of that easy thing just did not care. Too bad.
She apologized and maybe if it was the only one disappointment​ during our experience​ here I would be satisfied. But the thing is it was not.
Will only recommend you guys for the nice atmosphere and the bottomless mimosa. NOT FOR FOOD.The main squeeze, (wife) approves. I just pay. I had the white chocolate bread pudding,comes with vanilla gelato.
Can't go wrong with the bread pudding.Service : 5/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Price: 5/5
Food: 5/5
This is the perfect French quarter experience. Come for the bottomless mimosas (Mon-Thurs 11-3pm) stay for some of the best food you will have in New Orleans. Two words: Chicken. Poutine. You nor your stomach will be disappointed. Same with the Venetian pasta. Will come back any chance I get.I totally recommend this place, though I honestly wouldn't be able to afford the tea service except during the excellent August special they had (2 for 1). 
I was even more impressed by the food this time. I'm not crazy about the sandwiches but the scone, madeleines (seriously, Proust would write a book after eating one of these), macaroons, tiny cake, and eclair will send you into transports of ecstasy. Oh, I mustn't forget the little bun that came with the madeleines and scones. It was slightly orange in flavor and slightly sticky, in the best way possible. Seriously, the texture on it, as with the texture of all the baked goods savored, was perfection. 
The sandwiches were alright but not my favorite tea savories. I'm not quite used to that texture of bread, it was kind of heavy and stiff. It is totally not stale, though. I know it is a particular type of bread made that way so that the sandwiches don't get soggy. So, they are totally not soggy and they have these little, edible flowers arranged around them. I recommend putting some of these on top of your sandwich when eating. 
The only possible ding aside from that is that, both times I called for reservations, I was initially told they were booked up. However, the person taking the reservation quickly realized there were openings. 
Anyway, the waitress was really sweet and the sweets were, well, sweet and just perfectly done. That means I just can't bear to ding for the slight reservation weirdness.Three of my friends and I had dinner here last Saturday night on the balcony. It was a really divine experience. The marvelous weather we had played a role, but the wait staff, the food, the balcony seating were all just wonderful. We spent three hours dining and imbibing- not once did we feel rushed or as if we were overstaying our welcome. 
With that said, I do have a few quibbles. The  portions are meager tor the prices charged. I found a handful of fries with a teaspoon of caviar sprinkled over a sauce for 16 USD  to be rather cheeky and gimmicky. I also felt that two scallops and one mini dumpling for 12 USD was a little much as well. 
However, with that said. the unusual combination of favors in each dish (chocolate shavings on beets) and the soigne presentation were just delightful. The cocktails were bright and beautiful and garnished with lovely candied fruit. 
We have already planned our return to visit to this gem of restaurant.A wonderful little gem. The Croque Benedict was excellent. My husband enjoyed the breakfast sandwich and my brother loved the mac and cheese (I had a taste too and it was excellent with racelette on top). The mimosa of the minute (MOM) was pear and it was bitter until I stirred it and then it was perfect. 
I had the Bruleed Crepe for dessert and it had a nice mix of flavors, including lemon. 
Thanks to Patrick L who was nice enough to bring my special needs brother gelato from Sucre downstairs.I was very excited to try the mushroom mac and cheese, but it tasted as sweet as a cookie because of the "breadcrumbs"on top--to the point where I wondered if the chef accidentally used sugar instead of salt.   I don't usually feel comfortable sending food back to the kitchen (which is my own fault), but I wish I would have with this dish.  The restaurant itself is cute and the servers were very nice.The food is very tasty and the atmosphere is nice, but the service is severely lacking. I ordered the chicken poutine and when it arrived it had no chicken whatsoever. When I alerted our waitress that the chicken was missing, she curtly said that the chicken was there in the sauce. It clearly was not. There was not even a speck of chicken on that dish. She didn't offer to rectify the situation in any way-- only dismissed me immediately. It's disappointing for a restaurant that performs highly otherwise. We were there for a special occasion, which made the situation even more upsetting.I love the decor and lighting in this place. So very cute. The staffs were extremely friendly and helpful. I want to like this place, but the food is pricey and not good. I think the mistake was that I came to eat dinner. 
Fries w/caviar. This was fun to eat but the fries were salted so you can't even taste the caviar. 3/5 stars
Crab- the soft shell crab was very well seasoned, but it was small compared to other restaurants around like (Deanie's). The heirloom tomato risotto was gross and inedible. It was ruined by making it with 4 different cheeses and one of them was so pungent that I just couldn't eat it. So I basically paid $28 for a soft shell crab. And I think they over charged because I think the menu listed it for $22. 2/5 stars
Variche dessert- 4 banana fritters served with 2 scoops of butter pecan gelato, streussel, and spiced meringue. This was the best thing I had at dinner. 4.5/5 stars
This dinner made me sad because I over paid for a no good dinner in a very pretty facility with friendly staff.Perfect setting for a ladies' lunch in New Orleans located on the court house square in the French Quarter. We dined on the balcony and had perfect weather and a great view of a band performing on the street. Service was good. Food was mixed. The flavors were delicious but a few items were just not quite right (croissant dense, tea sandwich bread dry). The macarons are made with coconut flour and are gluten-free and very delicious. Champagne cocktails were a treat. The tea service is a little confusing with sandwiches, desserts plus a scone, followed by chocolates and macarons (I was expecting scones in the middle course only).My wife and I were in town for our 1 year anniversary. We popped into salon after hearing high praise from family in the city. My wife was craving a meat and cheese plate and this was top of the list from family and friends. 
You enter by way of their sweet shop, Sucre, downstairs, walk up an iron spiral staircase and arrive at an almost hidden dining room. The interior is quiet and intimate with a bar in the center then seating options spreading out both directions. 
We made the mistake of not having a reservation but the hostess assured us we could be accommodated fairly quickly if we ordered a drink at the bar and waited a bit. There were a handful of empty tables and we were seated outside on their small balcony quickly enough. 
I settled with a 3 star review because of very very slow and confused service. Once seated, we finished our drinks from the bar and then realized no one had come by our table since we sat down. After waiting for a period of time, my wife was able to flag a waitress. This was essentially the theme for our entire dining experience. We never really had a single main server and the majority of the time that we needed something, we had to find someone for help. One server would come by and take an order then we'd never see them again, then a new server would come by ten or so minutes later asking if we were ready to order what we essentially already thought was ordered. Eventually, we found the manager, and as nicely as possible, explained to them we haven't gotten our food and had ordered it 45 minutes ago. (we had ordered a cheese plate and a charcuterie plate to start, plus fried asparagus and a beef tartare) We still made the best of our meal, and greatly appreciated management once they realized we had somehow fallen in a black hole of service. 
Once things finally got smoothed over, the food itself was very good. Our cheese and charcuterie plates were fantastic. Their portions were very generous with both plates. The fried asparagus was very fresh and they fried it just the perfect amount. The beef tartare, which is a favorite dish of mine, was very well executed and a huge portion for the price. Cocktails were also notable and well made. 
All in all, we had what could have been a perfect meal interrupted by a series of frustrating distractions. The food itself is fantastic and this restaurant is high on our list of places to share with others, as we're sure front of house is working out the kinks in their new restaurant. Will be back for a second go and possibly an updated review.The desserts are to die for but the food is terrible! We came this morning and the Christmas decorations were scant, and what was there looked like Melania Trump's Christmas decorations. I had the Croque Benedict which was a subpar version of eggs benedict. The bacon was good but the biscuit and the special sauce and raclette were all sour and terrible. The Hollandaise was scant. On a positive note, their Paris Black tea is good. My mom got something called Fritzel sticks, which were meant to be like Pretzels but were not very good and didn't taste anything like them.Huge thanks to Beth, Reggie, and everyone at Salon at Sucre for being so personable and welcoming, and for becoming our go-to during JazzFest!  People, we spent seven and a half hours there on Sunday, starting with a long lunch and continuing on the balcony and at the bar.  It was THAT pleasant.  Friends came and went; you know how it goes.  The tea cocktails are amazing, and I don't even really like tea.  The food - fantastic.  And yes, the view and location.  We came back again and again.  We look forward to doing so next year.Very quiet and nice location. The steak was very good but small portion for the price. Don't get the lasagna. It is and failed attempt at a deconstruction. It is just a pile of mushrooms and gritty unwashed kale with a wonton on top. Myself and another lady across from us were both very disappointed. The waiter was very nice, but food was overall disappointing.  The desserts looked great, but we had other plans.it was really good, a little pricey.  But very rich desserts.The service was slow but the food was excellent!  Among the things we ordered:  meatballs, pork, cheese plate, mac & cheese, vegetable salad...  and they were all great!If I could rate them higher I would!
This restaurant is above the dessert shop above! When you walk up you see the beautiful lights hanging up against the wall
Food: 4/5
The food is pretty good here, but it's your typical American restaurant. I had the crawfish Mac and cheese which is a pretty good portion size and I tried some of my friend's duck which wasn't that good. It was pretty chewy. My other friend had the pork and she said it was good (I don't eat pork) and her cheese grits were to DIE for 
Service: 8/5
They kept the kitchen opened late for my friend's birthday we are forever thankful. They were kind, charming, and attentive 
Location & parking : 2/5
Don't try to drive to this place lol. It's so close to bourbon street that everything is full. Just uber or lyft. 
I rate this place a 5/5 because it's delicious and the people are nice. It's a win win in my bookAlex is the best waiter! Very friendly and he attentive. The chicken and waffles are bomb and the BOLT was so good too. Def will come backBrought some friends here after our jaunt to FQF. It was delicious. The madame drink with passion fruit tasted like actual passion fruit. Not like the concentrate. So they fooled me if it was concentrate. 
The frites with blue cheese cream were spectacular. The regular Mac and cheese was tasty but not life shattering. The chicken and waffles was a MUST TRY. The breakfast sandwich contained soggy tomatoes and other than the bacon-the flavors were bland. The sliderettes could use some sauce but the fries were ok. I couldn't do a sack of them. The ketchup was watery. 
The food was average but the drinks were bomb.I had been wanting to try this place since it opened only 4 months ago and finally got a chance. A friend and I sat at the bar. We weren't greeted for a few minutes but when we finally were, the bartender was very friendly. She didn't ask for our drink orders though (she did bring water which was a lifesaver on a 100 degree afternoon) because she would be leaving soon. The other bartender ignored us. My friend tried to get her attention while she was rinsing a cocktail shaker directly in front of him and she abruptly brushed him off without even looking up. There was only one other couple seated at the bar and one table with 3 seated. 
The other bartender, Beth, noticed and got our orders even though she was supposed to be off the clock. She was friendly and funny and we loved her twist on the French 75. We ordered the F'n PBJ which was ridiculously good but a very small portion at a price point of $15. Beth kept us company almost until we were done and we had to close out with the other bartender. After paying, I saw Beth sitting in the back room with other staff and asked if she would get the tip we left. She said no, that the other bartender would. Unfortunately, we didn't have cash and paid with a card. I was really disappointed since her service was excellent and the other's was no better than "meh". I hope they worked it out.
   The cocktail and food were delicious but I'm giving 4 stars for the meh bartender. With a bill of $37 for 2 cocktails and a TINY bite of food, I would expect much better service. I really want to compliment Beth, though. She is pretty great!Aside from the delicious deserts, the service is excellent!  Upstairs has a clean, fun atmosphere that's well lit and chic. Bartenders are super friendly and the waitstaff was prompt. Definitely a must for anyone in the French quarter for food, drinks, and/or sweets.Had brunch for my birthday and it was lovely. Service was excellent and we never felt rushed.Located on the 2nd floor above the famous Sucre, this restaurant should be just as well known as it's downstairs sister. We came in for the Carnival Tea, but ended up ordering the wild mushroom and truffle mac and cheese as well - and it did not disappoint. I went back later to get some for dinner! The tea is one of the best I've had - and I've had tea around the world! It was $55 which included a cocktail, and came with much more food than I was expecting. Definitely well worth the price. Savory sandwiches included mini muffalettas and fried chicken. Sweets were king cake croissants, praline madelines, mini ice cream cones, and warm king cake - and that's not even half of what we got! If you're around for tea, definitely stop in, but everything that came out of the kitchen looked amazing. You can't go wrong!I would like to start by saying I have been a HUGE fan of Sucré for years, and have been awaiting the Salon's opening for months. 
I'll start with the positives from my experience. Beautiful decor, polite staff, amazing balcony, and quite safe and quiet for the french quarter. 
On the downside: I felt the servers were WAY too stiff, and were trying so hard to be polite and formal that each encounter was more awkward than the last. The menu is much more limited than I expected, as were the cocktails. My biggest issue was some of the food. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I paid $24 for a handful of frites with aoli and caviar. I have never seen caviar used as a garnish, and as much as I love caviar, I would rather have it on the side so I can enjoy it. Mixed into a sauce, I could only appreciate the saltiness of the eggs. The other items were equally small portions and heart stopping prices. 
My party was looking forward to dessert, but after the tiny portions of our meals, we opted to walk downstairs to the cafe for dessert.  
Overall, great atmosphere, location, and decor, but I feel they were trying too hard and, in the process, did not realize when to leave good enough alone.This is probably my favorite brunch place in New Orleans. Great environment and the cocktails were amazing! I had a great conversion with the bartender Paul and I tried out a couple of his original drinks and I was very satisfied. 100% recommend getting a Category 5 (best drink ever)!!Pristine and chic bakery/chocolatier and brunch location. Delicious food and great service. Beautiful upstairs balcony seating. Offers a full traditional tea service and a la carte menuSuper friendly staff, gorgeous space, outstanding ambience.  Desserts were beautiful, fresh and presented well. Would return to New Orleans just to come back here!Sucre's latest outpost in the FQ. You have the option of going to a "regular" Sucre downstairs that just serves desserts, or to head upstairs to the restaurant portion. We actually went upstairs but only ordered desserts. The desserts upstairs are more elaborate -- think souffles and well-plated cakes -- compared to those that you'd usually find at other Sucre locations. My friend had the Cerise and I had the Pretzle Donuts and Coffee. Skip the Cerise, but the Pretzle Donuts and Coffee are worth it! It's a combo of donut holes and a coffee pot de creme. Be sure to stir up the pot de creme because the top layer is only condensed milk, but the bottom is a rich chocolate-coffee creme. The Cerise was pretty dry and seemed like it was crushed-up leftover chocolate cake. The cherry mousse (?) was too way too tart, too. There's a nice balcony that would make a nice place to people-watch and enjoy a leisurely dinner. Salon is more of 3.5 stars than just 3. I wasn't wowed by Salon, but I haven't actually tried their savory food yet. Update to come once I try the savory dishes!We had a great happy hour experience at Salon! The food was delicious, cocktails were made well, and the staff was super friendly!Had dinner with my husband here last night and was thrilled with every aspect of the meal. They're doing the coolinary deal this month and I intend to go back at least twice before it ends! We didn't do the wine pairing because the cocktail menu looked so amazing and I think that was the right call. The Madame de Bussiere cocktail was outstanding and came with a beautiful orchid garnish, and their selection of wines by the glass is definitely "all killer no filler." They had a rosé cremant de Bourgogne which was outstanding and I've never seen anywhere else, and my husband's glass of Oregon pinot was perfect with the duck. We tried the French fries and caviar and both were spectacular in their own right but the pairing was so beautiful we wondered why nowhere else does it! 
Speaking of beautiful, I think it's the prettiest restaurant in the city. I was concerned it might be noisy being above the dessert shop, but it wasn't. I definitely will try the balcony when the weather cools off. We were given a corner booth and really appreciated being able to sit next to each other on the comfy banquette. The service was really great in an unobtrusive way, water glasses were never empty and they were quick to ask what we wanted next as we finished our drinks. And the presentation of each course was absolutely beautiful - flowers in the salads, beautifully crispy kale on top of the lasagna, gorgeous plates and glassware. Just a total sensory delight. I'm disappointed I didn't try this place sooner!really, really good! enjoyed every bite and the balcony dining... service was sweet too.Candy is spectacular but service can be hit or miss.  I stopped in tonight to get some chocolate to take home and the staff could not be nicer.  Yesterday when I stopped in, I stood there for over 10 minutes before somebody acknowledged my existence.  I was getting a dessert and ice cream.  No one gave me clear direction as to where to go.  When the young man behind the counter asked who is next I pointed to the woman in front of me.  When she said what she wanted he could help her because he was only dishing ice cream.  By this time it was a long line of people.  He asked if anybody wanted ice cream and some one in the back of the line did.  So he helped him instead of the people that have been standing there for a while.  
I would definitely go back but be prepared for a wait depending on who's working.My boyfriend and I went here during restaurant week. What drew us here was the menu and wine pairing option. We had a 7:30 reservation (though from the empty tables when we arrived, it didn't seem necessary) and were seated immediately. We ordered and our first drink and course were brought to us in a timely manner. However, at 8:30 we were sitting with just waters and no wine or main course. We both got the pork chop, which was kind of overcooked. By the time it arrived, we were ready to just walk out. Thankfully dessert and the associated wine came in a more timely manner, but dinner still took a little over 2 hours. I've been to higher quality restaurants during both Restaurant Week and Coolinary Month where service didn't take so long. My boyfriend works in a kitchen, so we understand if they are busy/backed up or down a person, but we never got an explanation as to why dinner took so long. 
I'd recommend this place for drinks and an appetizer or dessert, but I'm not sure I'd return for dinner.I only write reviews on special occasions, and this is one of the best ones. Everything is amazing. Don't be afraid of the F'n PB&J. It is spectacular. I don't like beets, except here- served with goat cheese, granola, and chocolate. We don't eat twice at very many places in New Orleans, because we have so many choices, but we will definitely return to Salon by Sucré,Came here on for weekend brunch with 3 dining partners. We opted to share 2 entrees and 2 desserts. We had wagyu sliders to start, and they functioned as a nice appetizer. The fries were on the very salty side though. The croque benedict was drenched in sauce, but it was flavorful. Very heavy Southern food overall, but hey, that's what you go there for! For desserts, we had an eclair and raspberry lemon tart to balance the richness with the tartness. Both were excellent. Ambiance is charming, but service was sub-par as it was extremely slow.My cousin and I were visiting New Orleans for my birthday and looking for a good brunch spot. Happened upon this randomly through a website. I was a little concerned due to the low volume if yelp reviews but the menu sounded great and bottomless mimosas sounded even better. When we arrived the outside was full but we waited at the bar and enjoyed mimosas before being seated. The view is incredible and the interior ambience and design is amazing (always very important to me). The best part was the food was WOW! My smoked salmon breakfast was spectacular my cousin's croque madame was amazing also. Our server, Daisy, was the best! When talking with a local they were surprised we found this place so if definitely is a hidden gem! I think most people must assume it is just the bakery below. We were only in New Orleans for 3 days but actually came back on Sunday for happy hour because we loved it so much!! We both will recommend this restaurant to any others traveling to New Orleans and will certainly be back on our next trip!!Okay this was amazing. We have been in New Orleans for more than a week and have had some amazing dining experiences but this set the high water mark. No pun intended. This meal was spectacular from beginning to end. Our wine, from a very wide selection was amazing, the appetizer caused us to say, best appetizer ever, the entree's spectacular, desert, spectacular. Everything was unique and the service was perfect. The best part, the coffee was delicious at the end, fresh French Press. So often after a great meal a restaurant falls short on coffee but no, everything was ideal. Our best meal experience over 12 days.I've been wanting to come to Salon by Sucre' since it opened so I had high hopes. I made our reservation through OpenTable and added a note that we were celebrating our first wedding anniversary. The restaurant itself wasn't too busy but they did seem to be busy prepping for a large party in the back room. Our waitress got the job done but was not happy to be there at all. No mention of our anniversary (not sure who got that memo) and we weren't even offered a look at the dessert menu (isn't Sucre' known for desserts?!). We just got handed our check as soon as our plates were clear. Other than the experience...the food was actually delicious. They were "out of cold brew" and didn't really offer a menu for their coffee so that was disappointing. Probably won't return anytime soon but we did enjoy our meals!The way they show case thefood is so pertty.the Windows are to die for. I love this place and will be back..  Thk u for the best sweets in nola........
.In a city filled with great food, service makes or breaks a restaurant. The food at Salon by Sucré was fantastic, but our experience was one of the most frustrating experiences we've had to  date. Our party arrived in two separate groups with two people arriving about 15 minutes late. We placed our order and it took over 30 minutes to get two cups of coffee. One would expect their appetizers to come out at least within the first 15 minutes of ordering, however, here, our appetizers started to trickle out of the kitchen 30 minutes after we had ordered them and our entire party did not fully receive their appetizers until about 45 minutes later. Our appetizers (4 orders of mac and cheese and 2 orders of fries) came at different times and our main courses didn't arrive until over an hour after ordering. We politely asked our waiter why there was such a delay and he proceeded to explain how their ordering system was at fault, and asked why we had a problem with the wait after we had "been cool" the last time he was at the table. His tone was very condescending and he acted like it was a huge burden on him to bring out our food in a timely manner. All we wanted was an explanation and hopefully an apology for the wait. Eventually the manager came over to check on us and even he was unable to offer a sincere apology. He also blamed their ordering system and "apologized" for us being confused about how they do things. By this point we just wanted to get our food, eat, pay, and distance ourselves from the experience. We eventually obtained a sincere apology from both the hostess and the chef which made us feel a little better.Salon by Sucre is perfection. Our dinner was absolutely outstanding, and we've been back twice already for drinks and lunch. The staff are amazing- so attentive, professional, accommodating, and positive. The food was even more incredible than I could have imagined. The presentation of the food along was artwork, and it tasted just as good (if not better) than it looked. The ambiance of the restaurant was so elegant, and the decor is perfect. The French Quarter desperately needed a fresh restaurant like Salon by Sucre, and I am so grateful that it opened. We ordered the fish of the day, which was outstanding ( I don't even like fish, and I couldn't stop stealing bites from my mom's plate). The charcuterie and cheese plate were both out of this world, and the steak tartare was beautifully presented and delicious. Our cocktails were amazing, too- best Old Fashioned I've had in a while.  I loved every aspect of this restaurant and already know I will be a regular here without a doubt. 
Our server, Paige, is amazing. We loved her energy and the fact that she recognized us again when we came back the next day. She seems so grateful and happy to work at Salon by Sucre, and that spirit made our experience there even more amazing.At first you walk into a fine sweet shop and gelato too. Upstairs it changes to a fine dining establishment. The room is open and bright, but not over lighted.  A fine selection of beer and cocktails is available from the bar. I had a sazerac, my wife stayed with her earlier evening choice and had a nice wheat beer. We ordered some appetizers and a cheese plate and everything was amazing. First to arrive were our drinks followed closely by a "gift from the kitchen" two miniature pate choux filled with shrimp with micro-greens. Very tasty! Now our appetizer choices, freztzel sticks with Gorgonzola/dolce spread and nibbles, a selection of three nuts. The cheese platter, love the cheese funk! With that came another gift from the chef, Gorgonzola muffins. Also very tasty. The staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable. I hope to return to this sweet place again!I've never been to a fancy dessert boutique before. I got two scoops of gelato-the hazelnut chocolate and charlie brown brownie gelato. 
The hazelnut chocolate gelato was creamy and smooth and light. It tasted like nutella! 
The charlie brown scoop was filled with creaminess and delicious brownie bites as well.
Overall, a good gelato place. They also have macarons and other fancy chocolates, but I didn't try any of those.
The total turned out to be $6.66 for the two scoops!So I hate to be one of the first to write a somewhat negative review on this restaurant that is still in its infancy but I must. 
I was positively looking forward to this experience. Based on the hype, and the minor fact that it was my birthday. I booked ahead and even detailed I wanted a somewhat quiet and romantic seat for my husband and I and. that it was for my birthday. 
We arrived downstairs and noticed the staircase with no signs pointing upstairs which gave the immediate vibe that only the cool kids are allowed upstairs. We went up and were greeted promptly by a friendly face who asked if we would like to be seated in the main area or the private dining room, I immediately accepted and was promptly delegated by the manager to not sit there I would have to sit in the main area (which was not at all quiet or romantic) but I can quickly recover if everything else is top shelf. 
On to our experience... 
We were asked for our drink order, we went with two simple glasses of Syrah. 10 mins go by and a different server asks if we had our drinks in, I tell her to please my check on the status. Original server arrives about 5-10 mins later with the wine. Then disappears. Other server follows up with asking what we would like to order, we got her recommendations on her fav cheeses. We ordered those and the charcuterie
Hubs hated his wine, 10 mins go by till we can flag someone down to change it to a Macallen on the rocks. So as you can imagine it took a while to get the drink. I took his wine over and used his glass b/c mine had been originally dirty with dishwasher "crumbs " and white towel/napkin particles. 
Charcuterie was great, cheeses were great but bread was very hard to chew, asked for different one , was denied due to unavailability. Finished and drank more beverages.
Now for the dessert... (Which I was expecting nothing short of spectacular based on who there name is and the connection) put in the only thing that looked really good which was the chocolate soufflé for two. Nope, sold out. Settled for the bread pudding and the other chocolate item. 
The chocolate dessert was awful. It was chocolate donuts deep fried and out in a fancy ceramic "pagoda". They tasted as if they were from the frier 30 minutes prior. But it was my birthday dammit so I was going to finish. Hubs didn't care for the bread pudding, had a bitter flavor (but I took a taste and it wasn't too bad). 
The bill: $145 plus tip. Definitely not worth the price. I get it it... You are in the Quarter and can charge that but you shouldn't leave dissatisfied with any ticket price north of 100. 
Not sure if I will be back, maybe will sit at bar so I can get expedited service.Yes to the food. Yes to the drinks. Yes to dessert. Yes to the atmosphere. Yes to Amanda - she rocks! Overwhelmingly happy with our experience here!We had steak frites and it was amazing. The bartender and waitstaff were so much fun. Can't wait to return!Wow. Took my Honey here for our Valentine's date dinner. They had a set menu for the occasion. The setting is modern/fun/well done.  It was very fun surrounded by loving couples.  The people ranged from young to young at heart. Smart casual to sport coat & bow tie. The staff had huge smiles and genuinely seemed to enjoy their careers.  We had a Merlot/Cab mix and a Zin. Both wonderful. The food presentation was a combination beautiful and fun. It was brought out at a relaxed, structured pace perfect for date night.  All of the courses were delicious.  Dessert was a lunch box of sweets from their sister sweet shop downstairs.  If you're looking for a fun/lighter/different than the usual NOLA experience, I highly recommend it.Ambiance is nice, food  portions are small, mimosa refills are below average. Not the biggest fanI was in New Orleans for a few days and this was the only place I visited twice. It's a great place for drinks and small plates, then you can grab something small and sweet from Sucre downstairs, perfect! The main attraction (for me at least) was the bar. If Beth is there, you're in luck. If you're feeling adventurous and want to stray from the cocktail menu, tell her what you're in the mood for and she'll whip up something creative and delicious. Aside from the drinks, I loved the decor and feel for the place. It was upscale but casual enough to wander in from the street and not feel too out of place. Give it a try and you won't be sorry. 
Date night tip - They also have a small balcony with outdoor seating.This place is super cute! From the decor, to the desserts, everything about this restaurant is Instagram/blogger worthy. I came here during my visit to NOLA for a bachelorette. We originally had brunch here but then came back again for desserts the next day. Staff is friendly and the food is delicious. They dont have an extensive menu, but that hopefully just confirms that whatever they do make is going to be great. I had the fish and chips and number of the other girls ordered the chicken and waffles. Both dishes were a hit. Food portions are small but definitely still filling. They also offer bottomless mimosas for an extra $20 but a word of caution, the mimosas are pretty much filled with all orange juice and a splash of champagne :(
They also offer a "tea service" or "tea tasting" menu - i can't remember the exact name but it involves trying different teas as well as an assortment of tea sandwiches and desserts for around $45 a person. We didn't get a chance to take part in this, but I highly recommend this option if anyone is looking to get the whole experience of Salon by Sucre. The desserts looked amazing and our group did come back the following day to have some gelato and macarons.I was really excited to bring my girlfriend to Salon by Sucre since she LOVED her first visit to Sucre itself. We tried for a last minute reservation and were able to get a 3pm which was the end of their brunch service and the beginning of their happy hour. The servers were really kind to offer us to order off the brunch menu and take advantage of the happy hour drink prices. 
The ambiance is adorable - French style cafe with an outdoor deck overlooking the Quarter (but a very classy area of the Quarter). The decorations are beautiful and you feel just like you've popped into a classy cafe in Paris. In terms of options it's a great place to go - you can go for drinks, dessert, coffee/tea, a full meal - the place itself is good for a ton of different occasions. 
But sadly, the best part abut this meal for me was the desserts downstairs at Sucre itself. I felt the restaurant left something to be desired. We ordered the chicken salad sandwich and breakfast sandwich. The chicken salad sandwich was nothing special. The egg sandwich was basically egg on a really cheesy bun and a very small portion of potatoes that were too salty. For $13 dollars I could have gotten a much better egg sandwich at a deli somewhere else in the quarter for half the price. I'd go back because I love the menu and the options - but I'd definitely try to order something else. 
After our sub-par meal we went downstairs and had an exquisite chocolate dessert that I'm still thinking about, which redeemed it for me - even tho that's not actually attached to Salon. 
I probably won't be going back, but if I do, I'll be ordering something else or maybe just going for drinks.What a great spot. All aspects of this French Quarter oasis are top notch. The service, wine, and food are all to be applauded. After enjoying the other local dessert shops for many years,  we were anxious to try this new savory spot and we took advantage of the Coolinary menu. Everything was great. I especially loved the Wild Mushrooms, Kale, Mascarpone Veloute Lasagna. Its topped with crispy fried kale. Also the French Onion soup is not to be missed. The Service staff was profession and very attentive especially Jasmine who went out of her way to make us feel welcome. Can wait to go back.I would like to follow up in my experience with this place.... I left a review which I felt was fair for the experience. The restaurant GM immediately contacted me. Life happened and I returned her call a week later. In short she invited me to please come back and give them a 2nd try. I did just that. I sat at the bar (which is generally where I like to sit). Everything was spectacular! Ms tidwell went out of her way to be helpful. We will def definitely be back for a visit. Thank you for your graciousness.The Heirloom Tomato Croque Benedict continues to be a favorite. The mac and cheese is excellent. The Mimosa of the moment was a peach bellini (with pear?) and was very good. 
The oyster appetizer and breakfast sandwich were very good. 
Desserts are from Sucre downstairs and are always excellent. The hardest part is deciding.
This place fills up so call ahead or make a reservation.Enjoyed a lovely Sunday brunch on the balcony at Salon. The food and cocktails were all very delicious and very beautifully presented. Service was attentive, friendly and at a very relaxed and unrushed pace. Overall, a fantastic casual dining experience!Delicious food and warm welcoming staff!! Wait was a little long but definitely worth it. Dying to come back to the area and this lovely place :)So, this is not my favorite tea experience in the greater metro area but I am going to try it again and, maybe, if I can, do their tapas and cocktails one day. Also, the pistachio macaroon that I ate from the dessert tray was one of the best things I ever put in my mouth. 
So, why is it not my favorite tea experience? Well, it is in the French Quarter, so it is pricey. Right now they have a 2 for 1 deal but that is only in August. I found the service a bit confused and slow, although everyone was certainly pleasant. 
This was the day of the red dress craziness and I did enjoy the food, so I'm giving a high rating now. I will go again before August is up and see about that again. Also, I need to see if that (I forget if it was Wednesday or Thursday) happy hour deal is still going on and try that.Love dinner on the balcony watching the sunset. Great food and excellent attentive service. It's swanky place great for couples who want to relax. We started with the lamb and classic slider. Both were great. One slider per order. The pretzel sticks with Gorgonzola cheese was good. I had the wagyu (Texas) flank. Keep in mind the dishes here are small but the steak (6oz) was perfect considering all the other food we ordered. My wife ordered the small duck plate (two pieces). It's literally two pieces of duck with an egg. Probably one of the better duck plates in NOLA. We had to order the bread pudding and chocolate souffle. They will warn you the bread pudding is not your typical bread pudding. It comes in a cup with coffee poured over. Its delish! The souffle is big and needs more ice cream. It was good not great but good. Next time we'll hold off on dessert and get some smores from downstairs. One recommendation is to pipe music to the balcony.Super cute French style Cafe upstairs of Sucre the sweets shop. There's nice outdoor patio deck seating as well as indoor tables and booth space. The service is good and the kitchen is quick. The ambiance is perfect for a nice afternoon with the girls or a cute date. I had a cappuccino to start. Made very well with lots of foam on top and rich smooth coffee. For food, I was completely satisfied and over the top with my order. 
Croque Benedict - Southern chive biscuit, mornay, soft boiled egg, raclette, crystal hollandaise, and apple ham. It was heavenly. One of the best specialty benedict creations I've ever had. It comes with one instead of what most restaurants do with two but it was perfectly portioned for me cause I can never finish the other side! I wish this was a chain but if you're in New Orleans, stop by Salon by Sucre!Came here twice during our visit for happy hour. Good service great drinks and great value. Wish I was a local I'd come here often. The biggest bonus is that there are always amazing desserts downstairs and cocktails and sweets are never a bad idea .Incredible!  The fried chicken with guyere and a fried egg on a bed of fries with heirloom tomato pico de gala was incredible.  My husband had the frittata with salmon and cream cheese.  But it was the grand finale that stole the show.  Chocolate soufflé.  I e included a lovely time lapse to show you the ice cream sinking in.... Overall I would say this meal is representative of the culinary best New Orleans has to offer!This was my 2nd time for a private event (bridal luncheons) and the service was horrible both times. The servers spilled OJ on the bride and then water on me (twice!) later on. They didn't refill mimosas or clear table in a timely manner. Had to ask for a new napkin several times. Overall very average and wouldn't recommend for a special event.Went for brunch on a short vacation to NOLA, and was shocked by how delightful this brunch was. 
Salon by Sucre is located above the French Quarter Sucre, and has a wonderful balcony where you can look out on the French Quarter as people bustle about. The inside is just as darling, sparkling in different shades of black, grey, and white. It creates a cute little cafe feel inside.
The food was some of the best I've ever had for brunch fair. I ordered the croquet benedict with heirloom tomatoes and was absolutely blown away by the intricacy of the meal. The boiled egg was perfectly soft, the hollandaise on top was the best I've ever had. A great place for vegetarians, they have many options to change menu items to veggie friendly as well as some already vegetarian options. My friend ordered the ratatouille roasted veggie sandwich and loved every bite.
While it's not the typical NOLA food affair, it's still merits a visit while in the French Quarter. It's a very special treat that's for sure!I went to Salon's tea with my parents.  I am a huge fan of Sucre and get their macaroons often.  Whenever I'm walking around the French Quarter I stop in for their delicious and decadent gelato as well.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  The tea selection was vast and came out on an adorable little cart.  The food was cute and delicious.  Signature to Sucre's style they were just little bites of heaven and not an overwhelming amount of food.  The only issue was that it was not meant to be split between 3 people.  We did the tea prix fixe and still had to order another dish just to make sure there was going to be enough food as this was a late lunch for us.
All in all still very good.Got a milkshake here after a long day of walking and a solid dinner and I gotta say, delicious! Got it shaken with almondmilk and picked cookies and cream and confetti cupcake flavors of gelato. The atmosphere is very chic and the environment feels right. They are more well known for their New Orleans King Cake, chocolates, and macarons. I purchased a 15-piece box of King Cake macarons for the workplace to share :) we will see if everyone likes it. The only complaint was the service was slow to acknowledge me when I purchased my macarons, but I guess it is hard to do when people are rushing to buy chocolates. The box of macarons better be worth my 35 dollars as well... $$$The best!! Mushroom mac is a must. Not your basic mac n cheese. Beet salad with whipped feta is delicious as well. Croque Benedict with ham + tomato is a definite go. And my personal fave... the chicken poutine with frites. Salon will not disappoint. Xoxo