What a gem! Shake Sugary has become a part of my Sunday morning routine, which should say a lot - I'm neither vegan nor living with a gluten intolerance, plus I live in Metairie so coming here means at least a 20 minute drive. And that's if I take the highway....
This is the best place to go in order to quash once and for all the myth that vegan and/or gluten free foodstuffs are boring, tasteless, and crummy. Everything here is delicious, and delicious in it's own right.  They also have plenty of selections that are in no way vegan or even vegetarian. There's a maple bacon sweet potato biscuit that's killer and I usually see a quiche or two in the case when I'm there, as well. 
There's a little room behind the front counter with some tables and chairs if you want to hang out there for a bit. I find the chairs to be a bit uncomfortable if I spend more than an hour or so on one, but I just take that as motivation to get the hell on with the rest of my day and not spend the entirety of it in a cafe. A lovely, lovely cafe.
My favorites are the muffins with strawberry and mango bits in it and the savory samosas. They have a small assortment of beverages, including a coffee brew and iced tea of the day, the former of those (and possibly the latter, I've never asked) being only a buck if you bring your own cup!Yummy pastries. The two egg breakfasts looked really good, will have to come back to try those. Place seemed clean and fine to me.Come here every weekend because every pastry and dessert is so good. They have the most interesting items and you will want to try them all. Everything is fresh and great, plus if you bring a cup the coffee is only $1. The sausage, red pepper quiche is a favorite of mine, but the ice cream sandwiches are also to die for. They also have a soup during winter!  
If you are getting a cake for a party, you should definitely order it from here. My birthday cake was coconut flavored with a ginger cream cheese frosting that blew everyone away!People love to belly ache when everything goes wrong, I can't, it's not fun.
Between you and I and everyone else who has ever met me, I'm a screw up and a disorganized mess who in a different era would have been eaten by a bear I was taunting by the time I was 2. 
Which is why I I don't even care how wrong everything went when we ate there. The owners were apologetic, honestly felt bad and more than made up for it.
Then we moved on and had a nice meal and a day spent not whining of the horrors that befell our life, but how pleasant everything turned out. 
Delicious, too. Quiche and Huevos Rancheros in the morning. What more do you need.Pastries were okay, not very sweet and the cookie I had, it tasted like it had straw in it. I actually did make a pilgrimage to go here, but was met by no person behind the counter for at least five minutes, and when she did show she was not friendly. The atmosphere looked temporary and there were teenage hipsters hanging out not eating or drinking. It appeared that they were waiting for handouts. So....I love other places in town much more and unfortunately this  little place does not cut the mustard for me!! Looks like other people enjoy it though, so to each his own!!Lots of vegan baked goods! They even had samosas if you prefer savory options. Definitely come hungry. Cute shop with delicious options.LOVE! I wish they were open every day, but the days they are sure are amazing. We usually started our day with a slice of the quiche with sausage (or bacon whatever was available), maple bacon sweet potato muffin. Other yummy treats we tried were a mixed berry muffin, sticky bun, and the cakes looked so decadent I'm sad I left NOLA without trying them.
2-3 small steps to enter, double doors, and a small eating area with additional stairs to access. Not wheelchair accessible and we did not check out the restroom so not sure if it's available to patrons or just staff. 
Staff is pleasent and helpful. Sometimes there are free samples of the baked goods. Reduced price day-old items.Shake Sugary is awesome, they have fantastic vegan options including the best vegan King Cakes, muffins.. everything I've ever got there is delicious! Thanks Dawn and all the team :)Dawn is awesome. She was super accommodating and executed our ode to the momofuku milk bar birthday cake (funfetti!) with ombre frosting for our wedding perfectly. Our tasting was so much fun and our guests absolutely loved our wedding cake. If you are in the market for a responsive and creative baker, we cannot recommend Shake Sugary enough.I ordered a gluten-free birthday cake for my wife.  I got the vanilla cake with buttercream frosting.  The cake was delicious and the icing was too.  The decoration was lovely.  My wife really enjoyed it.The closest bake shop to my house and as someone with a huge sweet tooth, I manage to stop by here at least once every week or so.  The blueberry muffins are really delicious as are the peanut butter bars and ginger/molasses cookies.  Quick service and I also like their digital coupons that they send every so often for a few dollars off holiday orders.Pretty much awesome. Great people serving scrumptious pastries! They have something for everyone, from vegan options to piping hot soups. Fun little spot in my 'hood.Stopped in on the way to work to check it out and I must say I'm IMPRESSED! Everyone who works here is definitely a morning person just like me! All were very friendly and welcomed me with a smile.
Cute, little, neighborhood bakery feel with vegan and gluten free options! 
They also have a nice bulletin board in the restaurant showcasing local talent including musicians, artists, etc. 
Very quaint and artsy-ish vibe with a little southern hospitality! I will definitely be back to visit again!My sister brought me a vegan berry chantilly cake for my birthday... the icing was delish... the berries were fresh but the cake was stale... not moist at all & once refrigerated it was hard as a rock. I wanted to love this so badly but could not! The cake was decorated nicely. 
I had a vegan orange cinnamon roll & coffee from here a week ago and the pastry was pretty good... even better when heated in the microwave a few seconds. I'll try to give this place another try as there isn't many vegan bakeries in NOLA.I'm staying in the Bywater for the week. Saw this place on Yelp and decided to stop by for breakfast. 
The display case of baked good is very enticing. I didn't order anything, but did taste a sample of some delicious pumpkin bread. 
I ordered the Baked Eggs Ranchero. I didn't realized until after I could have had my eggs scrambled (and wasn't asked if I wanted them any other way). I'm a fan of over easy eggs, but only when the whites are properly cooked. The whites in is dish were undercooked, which I wasn't feeling. 
Overall, the dish was great, minus the eggs, and the gluten free biscuits. (Gluten free biscuits aren't biscuits, okay?) 
I recommend this place. If I was in town longer, I would come back.My roommate has celiac disease so this place was perfect place to order from. Dawn and the workers are so friendly, and their pastries are amazing. I will be ordering from them again!This place is vegan heaven! I came in from houston & will be coming back to New Orleans just for this bakery. It's nice to be able to have great sweet treats that are also cruelty-free. The customer service was great, too. Give this place a try. I highly doubt you'll regret it.Great Spinach turnovers. Light and crusty. This review is coming from a certified Grecian spanakopita expert.I ordered my vegan birthday cake from this wonderful bakery. When I went to pick it up it was an amazing experience. Everyone was super friendly and my cake looked gorgeous. I would def recommend this bakery to anyone especially if they are looking for tasty vegan bites! When I got home I couldn't wait to taste it. The cake was delicious!Every year, I go on a quest to try new and exciting king cake flavors. From the foie gras king cake at Kingfish, to the guava filled at Norma's. Even the Abita king cake soda, Atomic king cake shake, and Sucre's king cake macaroons. I'm a king cake nut!
     This year led me to a small, quaint bakery in the Bywater to try their signature king cake flavor: apple, cheddar, and rosemary. 
      The cake is absolutely amazing and the flavor refreshingly unique during a season when every place in town is trying to outshine each other in the king cake game.
      The heavenly rich, buttery dough envelops the freshly cut apples brunoise and finely shredded cheddar, then is drizzled lightly on top with icing and sprinkled generously with rosemary. The seemingly disparate ingredients meld perfectly together to create a look and taste that hearkens somewhat to the Old World and is positively unforgettable.
     Run to this place to place your order before season's end. You will NOT regret it. It is now my new favorite king cake. Sorry, my two former favorites - green apple/goat cheese at Cake and Mexican king cake at Revista. You have been replaced...Cute little locally owned place with the best quiche I've ever had - big ole slice to fill you up too.  Happy colorful young atmosphere but very cozy/homey in an artful hipster way. Great pastry options for breakfast and too good to be bad for you desserts.  They have biscuits and gravy & a few baked egg dishes too for those seeking a non-pastry breakfast.awesome bread available at sankofa farmers market. 
cute lil corner establishment only open on weekends for now.  
really good cold-brew coffee that they will refill for you on the spot if you can't wait and chug/choke on yours while you are paying for it.Magic on a plate!  I have tons of experience with this lovely bakery. Everything is delicious. My favorites are anything with blueberries, vegan banana chocolate chip bread and the turnovers. Dying to try the coconut cream pie.  Can't go wrong here.wonderful bakery that specializes in vegan treats that are out of this world. Lovely little place with nice staff. Worth the trip to St. Claude.So many options at this bakery and to my pleasant surprise about half of all those sweets were vegan! Plus they have vegan soup and samosas and more! I came in for a quick visit and only got a cookie, and that cookie was very good! :) hope to come back soon!A little hesitant to give five stars to a place that I have never even seen much less set foot in, but I have no reason at all to give it less than that. 
Recently, a friend of mine celebrated his 60th birthday. Since he has always had an intolerance of wheat and gluten, his sister chose this place to get his favorite cake. The owner made one special for him and I have to say it was probably the best cake I have ever eaten. 
Read that again, not the best gluten-free cake, but the best cake period! And I'm damn near 60 myself! 
It was an Italian Cream, and the next time we are in New Orleans I'm going to grab one, diet be damned...I chose Shake Sugary because of the great reviews here at Yelp but we were so disappointed with our wedding cake.  It did not taste good at all.  Perhaps a kid would enjoy the cake but not an adult.  We took one bite and had no desire to eat any more. What a waste of money.i think this place is great, the staff is sweet and the food is fantastic and reasonably priced considering the area is being heavily gentrified
shoutout to the basic folx that think there's too much pepper.....aka actual seasoningI called on short notice to have this cake made for a couple of my buddies' birthday. Zoe was extremely helpful and accommodating and delivered it to the restaurant where we were having the birthday dinner. I had some parameters for what I wanted on the cake and they CRUSHED it!!! Thanks folks, loved it!Gluten free vegan offerings here are absolutely delicious and reasonably priced... My only complaint is wishing that they would be open for longer hours, but it's probably best for me and my budget that they aren't!I was looking for a vegan cake for my daughter. Her favorite is carrot cake. I found Shake Sugary online and sent an email. I got a response right away and was thrilled that they offer a vegan carrot cake. I ordered by phone, paid for it and had a friend pick it up. It was perfect and gorgeous and rumor has it DELICIOUS!!!! It was a huge hit and since my daughter was turning 21 I wanted something yummy and special. I highly recommend this bakery and look forward to spreading the word as well as ordering again from them!!!!Great little bakery. Dawn (the baker behind it all) always has a wonderful assortment of savory and sweet treats. I highly recommend the molasses cookies and coconut macaroons.I love this bakery. they have plenty of options (regular and vegan). the people are always friendly and I am always satisfied. its close to home and i never have to wait.Shake Sugary is a great place to grab a morning muffin or pastry, which is something I definitely do on the regular . Their vegan muffin rotates daily and I am especially fond of the peach pistachio and blueberry; although really they're all good. I've ordered custom cakes from them in the past and they're always huge and delicious and you can customize them with whatever flavor combinations you want. They also make THE BEST KING CAKE. The cherry filled one is the stuff dreams are made of, and I look forward to being within walking distance from them during Carnival season this year so I can sashay myself over there to polish one off.
My only complaint, if you can even call it that, is that everything is very sweet and there's not a whole lot of savory options that pique my interest. I'd love to see more offered in the future. The few they do offer (the samosa and the biscuits and gravy) are really tasty, but I'd love to see even more.Holy. Freakin. Crap. I am luck enough to have discovered Dawn and her amazing/adorable bakery. I requested a vegan raspberry cake for my birthday. Dawn replied within 24 hours and even put a birthday message. I picked the cake up and saw other baked goods that I HAD to purchase as well. All were delicious. I will definitely be back to this super cute and tasty place for more. Probably as soon as they open again!Hipster ass coffee shop for hipsters. Service is kind of stoned and I got stuck with some cold coffee. The pastries are pretty decent and coffee is $1 if you bring a mug. If you're nearby this is a pretty dope weekend pastry spot, but I wouldn't make a pilgrimage to get here.Now with vegan samosas, which are flaky and awesome, as one would expect.
Bring your own mug & get coffee for a dollar. Sundays get  "yesterday fresh" pastries for $1.50. 
Hoping they are open more than just the weekends soon!We had breakfast at Shake Sugary, I had the woodsman baked eggs and my husband the biscuits and gravy with an egg. Both were delicious. The mushroom gravy was excellent and the woodsman dish tasty and filling. The sweets looked spectacular and we brought home a key lime pie and a tres leches for later. The service was nice and corteous, the coffee strong, and we will be back!Shake Sugary's vegan king cake is utter perfection! In a league of its own (considering the other majors)- it's got a slightly chewy/flaky brioche texture which seems super traditional to me (I have distant memories of trying non vegan king cake years ago), unlike the other vegan king cakes I've tried. The sweetness level is exactly what I need it to be. The cake part is not at all too sugary and there isn't a monsoon of icing overwhelming the cake  (ie, when you eat it, you don't feel quite as sinful. I could eat this for breakfast!)
I've had both their traditional non-filled (which is vegan, not that anyone would think twice about that if they didn't know) and the chocolate/pecan. Normally I'm more of a traditionalist, or prefer fruit-filled if anything, but the chocolate/pecan is seriously incredible. Again, just the right amount of filling so that you're not in a sugar coma. 
If their king cakes are this divine, I can only imagine how good their other vegan baked goods are. Can't wait to be a regular here!Best Bywater bakery!!! Fresh and natural products. Diverse and ridiculously delectable offerings that will make you want to try one of each. Owners are sweet, too! Small business start-up with great deals such as their "happy hour"Great selection of muffins, pasties, pies! All very tasty. Small place to sit down have coffee.Every neighborhood should have a corner bakery as rockin' as this one.  My only issue they're only open weekends 9-4.  So stock up!  For you weekday needed fix of amazing banana nut muffin or vegan cinnamon roll.  
Honestly, I'll punch you in the face for another pear blueberry scone.  Try it and you'll agree.This is a great place for gluten free options! I had the biscuits and gravy with an egg on the side and of course, coffee with chicory. 
There is a wonderful community table, such a great gathering spot.Stopped in here to get cookies for a Christmas/Saints cookie swap party.  I bought an assortment: snickerdoodle, molasses & chocolate chip. All of my cookies were taken!!! Sadly, I didn't get one bit!!!  I hear they were delish!!!!  
The shop is small, but I prefer places that do a few things very.  I've gotta go back just for myself though.  
Thanks to Jamie Gandy, my hairstylist, who turned me on to this place!I love their pastries, especially the key lime pie. The staff is friendly and helpful, however, the abundance of animals (dogs) in the very small store today was very disconcerting--these were not owner/employee dogs, but customers' dogs. It is rather bothersome to be jumped at and tangled up in a leash in such a small environment. The bakery sells food and it seems unsanitary to have so many dogs in there at the same time. There are plenty of tables outside where the dogs can wait--they shouldn't be sitting on the bench inside the bakery. Perhaps a policy that limits the inside animals would be in adequate.I love this place! Great selection of baked goods...love the vegan and gluten free options. I've been visiting them almost every weekend since they opened. I hope they keep weekday hours in the near future.I'm actually sad to write this. My fiancé and I did a cake tasting with Dawn about 3 weeks ago and loved the options she provided. Everything was delicious. But, I'm giving them such a low rating because I have not heard anything from them about ordering our cake. I tried on several occasions and by different means to get in contact to order our cakes and have never received any communication in response and I'm so disappointed. So go for the baked goods, but definitely don't try to order a cake.Want some delicious vegan baked goods at affordable prices in New Orleans? Then look no further. I tried their  giant chocolate chip cookie and chocolate chip banana bread and both melted in my mouth and appeased the choco gods in my soul. 
They're only open on weekends for now but make sure to support these guys as this is a DIY operation. Hopefully by time I visit again they will have a full time operation up and running and be spreading the vegan sweet tooth gospel up and down NO.
ps. Not only do they have a great bakery but they showed me around town at the drop of a hat and took me to a few other vegan spots in town. If that's not full service I don't know what is!Cute little shop on St. Claude. Lots of natural light. If you blink, you miss it though. So be on the lookout for the chalkboard sign for this place and head on in.
Like the true Yelper that I am, I ordered a little of everything. The 2 egg thing sounded pretty appealing but I ended up going with the biscuits and gravy. Got the sweet potato biscuits over mushroom gravy. Also got a slice of their quiche. A sticky bun and cheesecake. All of it was fresh and tasty. 
My favorite was the biscuits. Thinking about them is making my mouth water now!The vegan strawberry filled king cake is fantastic:999
  Worth every penny and i will be back for more very soon (;I used to love this place. Last couple of times I've been pastries have been dry . In addition quiche is wet and the crust is soggy.The sweet potato bacon biscuit was so amazing! We also tried a rosemary goat cheese biscuit that was good. We tried both options for quiche which was had a nice crust, good egg custard, and high quality veggies. The coffee was okay. Lots of sweets to choose from if you have a sweet tooth.
Honestly everything we tried was eclipsed by the still warm & delicious sweet potato biscuit. We vowed to bake them at home, since we don't live in NOLA.I was visiting New Orleans for my 40th and I ordered a cake from Shake Sugary. It was not only beautiful and delicious, they also delivered it for me to the restuarant where we were eating dinner. Dawn did a great job, i couldnt have been happier. And the price was really reasonable too! i choose the orange, almond poppyseed cake with buttercream frosting and fresh strawberry filling. I wish i could post a picture here, it was gorgeous!!!I went to this bakery for the variety of gluten free options. I tried several and my favorite was the fruit tart.  The disappointment with this bakery was the service and atmosphere. The woman who rang me up at the counter was not very friendly. As I ate my food and observed the surroundings most tables looked dirty and the floor was dirty.   Although the fruit tart was good, I would not return to this bakery for fear that the back kitchen is as dirty as the front of the house.I was traveling to NOLA with a group of friends for a birthday celebration weekend and needed to order a strawberry cake with cream cheese icing. I found Shake Sugary on Yelp and checked out their website which is clean and simple. I called 2 days prior to place my order and was directed to go back to the website to place the order through their contact us page. I was told that I would get a quick reaponse to my order request. I placed my order which consisted of me just entering a message on the contact us form. I received an email from Dawn within the hour asking to confirm the details and specify the size cake I wanted. 
When we arrived in NOLA I called the day I was going to pickup the cake to confirm that it was ready. The bakery is about 2 miles from the famous Canal/Bourbon Street area so we took a cab from the hotel to the bakery which was only a 10 minute ride but with NOLA traffic on a Saturday afternoon it took about 15 minutes there and about 17 mins back to the hotel. When we  arrived the place was clean and had a variety of cakes, pies, cookies and other baked goods in 2 large display cases. The young attendant greeted us and promptly ran to the back to get our cake. The cake was decorated nicely with all white icing, green writing, strawberries and edible gold glitter around the top edge. When I picked it up to take it with us I noticed it was heavy for a standard 10" round cake. With that in mind  I held it carefully in my lap during the cab ride back to the hotel. 
Needless to say we all enjoyed the cake it was moist, light, flavorful with strawberry filling between each of the 3 layers, the icing was the right thickness and not too sweet. The strawberries were also fresh.
We also purchased a chocolate cookie when we picked up the cake and it was a nicely sized cookie (about the size of a small saucer). It too was delicious with the right balance of crunchy & chewy textures, chocolate flavor, chocolate chips and a special secret ingredient we thought might have been coconut.
Overall we were very pleased with the products and service and highly recommend Shake Sugary for all your baked goodies.Great service. They cater to all types of dietary needs (gluten/dairy free, vegan etc) and the food is delicious. Try the lemon coconut macaroon or the sausage and pepper keiche.I've been a vegan for a long time and I live within walking distance of this bakery. I've been there 3 times in order to buy six to one dozen assorted vegan pastries to bring to work. Every time I ask for a box of assorted pastries they seem to get annoyed with this request. It's hard for me to see the little signs in the cooler and I just want a bunch of vegan items. I don't think this is a difficult request. Also, no one seems to enjoy the pastries.   I usually get a "it's the thought that counts".This place is just the best. Not a huge selection but who cares when the selection they have is perfectionahhhh. I love you shake sugary! Cute, intimate bakery. We used them for our wedding cake. 
Let me tell you, it was so hard to find an affordable cake that wasn't super sweet. We had a few other cake tastings before this and while the cake was delicious, I couldn't handle the frosting. Dawn was so sweet and helpful. Our first visit we got to try a good amount of flavors of cake and filling. Dawn gave suggestions of different cake flavors and fillings that go well together. We left feeling great about Shake Sugary. A few weeks later...we forgot what exact flavors fiance and I had liked best. So, Dawn let us come back in to try our top two again (berry chantilly and strawberry cake with passion fruit filling). She even put these into cupcake form with filling and all...which made us MORE excited and happy with our decision! Our guest count was also larger than we thought, so Dawn gave us a cost efficient idea to add two dozen cupcakes to our two tier cake instead of adding another layer (which was more pricey). This helped out a lot! 
They worked with our planners on getting the cake to the venue, have cake stands if you need, and ideas on decorating cakes with fresh flowers. I wanted a semi-naked cake with fresh flowers and it came out exactly like the photos. Loved it. Working with them was easy. Emails and online or in person payments. 
I also got to try their biscuits and gravy once for brunch during another visit. I got the maple bacon biscuit. AMAZING. The gravy was different, I think vegan, but SO GOOD. I believe they also have a gluten free version of the biscuit.Best. AppleCinnamonPecanMuffin. Ever.
That muffin...it was just sooo good! Big, soft chucks of apple that reminded me of German apple cake from home. It was just so moist, light and fluffy. And the top had a hard, sugary crust. The cinnamon was just perfect, enough to taste it but not overbearing.
The coffee was absolutely fantastic too.First off, it is rare that I am driven to "Yelp. " Matter of fact, pretty sure this is my first time. This morning I received the best berry tart I have ever eaten and I want to tell the world! Tarts always attract my eye, but I have never had a tart that had taste that lived up to it's beauty. This tart was perfect. Not too sweet, flavorful crust, ripe berries. I had to break it to my French boyfriend that it was better than any tart I had in his Motherland. I smiled and took another bite while he thought about it in silence. (As much as I love France, it's so gratifying when I find something we do better than them.)
On another note, we eat there all the time. Everything is good and everyone needs to try it. The people that work there are great. My boyfriend and I should not be seen or heard before coffee and these folks take care of us with a personable smile and no judgement. No seriously, together we have half a brain in the morning. Our breath probably smells too.
The only criticism I have (why one star is missing) is not about quality of food because the food deserves six stars, but because they often have their labels mixed up so make sure you tell them what you want rather than pointing. They know what is up there and if something is mislabeled they quickly tell you. Also, I would probably go to place every day if it had an espresso machine. I ride a scooter to work and I don't always have time to sit and drink coffee. I can see how that can add a daunting element to running the place though. However, it might fill a local need. As many coffee shops the Bywater has, none of them have good pastries. I have literally gone to Shake Sugery for pastries and then to another coffee shop to get espresso. I would love to make this one stop.I have celiac so was excited to hear about this place and gluten free options.  If you truly have celiac this place may not be a good fit.  They have their gluten free options displayed on plates with regular wheat products and they are touching (which may cause cross contamination). I ordered a gluten free biscuit and they used the same piece of wax paper they just used to pick up a regular biscuit to pick up my GF one.  I haven't gotten sick from anything yet, but I'm careful of what I order there.Everything here is amazing. Have been going in for breakfast since they were at their old location and it has only gotten better.  Also have ordered several cakes for friends birthdays and they have all been beautiful and delicious. I recommend them all the time. The service has always been good too, very sweet employees.I live in CA but had my wedding in NOLA in October 2018. My husband is gluten free and dairy free and it is difficult to find tasty deserts that are also attractive - so I was a little nervous about our wedding cake. I sent a picture to Dawn for an idea of what we were looking for and my cake was SPOT ON! It was exactly what we wanted and was also delicious!!When my wife and I asked Shake Sugary to bake our wedding cake we had no idea we'd end up getting such a stunning and delicious showstopper. Every layer was exquisite and the whole thing perfectly matched the aesthetic we were hoping for. We also ordered two flourless chocolate tortes meant for our gluten sensitive guests, but they were so tasty that they ended up getting devoured by everyone. The staff was very accommodating from our first tasting to the final decoration and delivery. We couldn't be more pleased.Getting a treat here before work is my favorite part of Saturday mornings. 
The staff is wonderful and treated me like a regular the second time I showed up. Always friendly and helpful. 
Their scones are AMAZING - both the regular offering and the eve changing "baker's choice" which changes day to day. Try the apple, sage and goat cheese scone if you can't decide - you will not be disappointed, unless you don't like really wonderful things and then I can't help you, because you are probably the type of person who writes angry yelp reviews and maybe you should just work on enjoying wonderful things more. 
If you bring your own cup (or container) they'll fill it up with coffee for $1 if you buy a pastry: I would warn against bringing quart sized jar unless you want to peel yourself off the ceiling, because the coffee's awesome and you will drink it all. I've made this mistake a few times. Oops. 
Don't forget your punch card! The only thing better than a delicious scone is a free delicious scone!Let's start with the staff. They are just so cute and wonderful smiles. I like this about the location. It sits on St. Claude, so its pretty easy to get to in the Bywater. 
It's a mixed commercial and residential area. It is all street parking but its low foot traffic so you should definitely have no issues finding some place to park.
Now to the goods. So many great options for all types of  food lovers especially those with certain needs. There are a good majority options of Gluten Free pastries which I found interested. Im a GLUTEN eater so I was skeptical about the taste but they ended up being very yummy I must say and Im a person could care less if something is vegan and gluten free. They really get the job done and very much so is worth it. 
Tip: If you in the area close to closing especially on Sunday they discount all the pastries people!!!!I contacted the Shake Sugary inquiring about vegan treats for my sister's birthday celebration, preferably something with chocolate and peanut butter since that's one of her favorite combos. Dawn promptly replied and suggested peanut butter swirl chocolate brownies and peanut butter chocolate chip cookies, which sounded perfect. They were ready on time and looked amazing! Everyone (including non-vegans) loved them, especially the cookies! I was visiting New Orleans from Seattle so I chose this bakery solely based on the reviews, and they did not disappoint. It was a great experience, I highly recommend the Shake Sugary!Excellent coffee and pastries and the staff is super friendly. The iced coffee with chicory is some of the best in New Orleans and you can't go wrong with their turnovers. A+!I ordered a specialty cake for my moms 59th Birthday from home in New York.  The owner Dawn provided excellent customer service from start to finish.  I sent her a basic design and told her to run with it.  The result was a beautiful Mardi Gras/New Orleans themed cake.  My mom was thrilled at the look of it, as were the staff at K-Paul's Lousiana Kitchen were we had dinner.  Now about the taste... OMG Buttery, Chocolately, Nutty goodness is the phrase that comes to mind.  It was truly a delight.  I highly recommend Shake Sugary to anyone who wants the best New Orleans has to offer!I absolutely love this spot! My girlfriend is Gluten Free and there aren't that many brunch spots we can go to. Shake Sugary tops our list because of how good their GF Biscuits and Gravy are. Every time she eats it she says, "I can't believe this is really gluten free!" I also really love their Woodsman baked eggs which happen to also be GF. I will note, their baked eggs do take a while so don't order them if you're in a rush! 
Their GF brownies are also to die for. If you aren't gluten free, I'd suggest ordering their maple bacon sweet potato biscuit or one of their turnovers. I literally daydream about the maple bacon sweet potato biscuit sometimes! There isn't a ton of seating in the cafe but you can still usually score a spot and even post up for the day if you're looking to do some work remotely. Their coffee is actually pretty good too and they make a great Pumpkin Spice Latte.This is a true gem in New Orleans! Not only are the employees very friendly, but the vegan (and vegan/gluten free) baked goods are incredible. The vegan chocolate chip banana bread, V blueberry lemon and strawberry mango muffins are moist and tasty, the orange sweet rolls are decadent, and the chocolate orange bar things are gooey and insane. I will be going back every weekend, even if it means I have to run 10 more miles every week. Support them!!I should have written this review months ago. My mom is allergic to everything under the sun, but I wanted her to be able to eat cake on my wedding day. I spoke to Dawn and Shake Sugary made her the most beautiful dairy, soy, nut, gluten free cupcakes I have ever seen. Not to mention, they tasted like HEAVEN! I plan on getting these cupcakes made for my mom every time she comes in town. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!I really had high hopes for this place given all the reviews, but the only decent thing I enjoyed here was the coffee. All the pastries we tried were so dry and generally under seasoned. Big bummer.3.75/5 carbs to love
so, let's be clear. i'm not walking in for that vegan stuff. i mean, go on and get in formation for that. i'm here for the butter boo. i've always enjoyed the pastries i've gotten here, i think they've been tasty - there's this tart where the cherries are actually...tart! novel, i know. i keep seeing people go for this 2 egg thing, really gotta come back for that.
the main reason i wanted to write this though, was to let the world know that on sundays they will do BOGO! they are closed the days following, so makes total sense. so if you're in the area and craving some sweets, you'll be able to satisfy both your sweet tooths...teeth?A little hipster paradise. Limited seating so be prepared to sit around a large middle table with other hipsters who are all very nice. Everybody/customers seems to know everybody. The food is good with many vegan options if you are into that. I had the biscuits and gravy (but the gravy is a mushroom gravy-which just doesn't taste right-where's that fatty sausage deliciousness). The coffee was good. Everything was very reasonably priced. Will definetly be back to try something else.In a word, "yum".  
We popped in for a quick breakfast bite and we weren't disappointed.  There was no line at 10:00, and there were lots of tasty choices for breakfast.  The place is typical New Orleans - funky, casual, upbeat and young.  There were several people seated at the few tables inside, and although it was a little overcast, some folks were sitting outside.  The community bulletin board had flyers and business cards all over it.  Kind of cool they support other local merchants.  
I had a ham and cheese croissant and my wife had chocolate chip banana bread - with an egg!  Oddly, that was quite good.  This place also seems to have a lot of vegan options.  
The iced coffee hit the spot.So I'm torn. The food is always great, but the service is not. I like being greated (is this wrong?) Some days I feel like I'm intruding on them. I hope this changes soon as I look forward to Wednesdays when they open. The sweet potato biscuits are unbeatable. This is what has kept me coming so far.CON: Shake Sugary is only open on the weekend.
PRO: Shake Sugary is only open on the weekend.
No really. Thank God I'm limited to two days of Shake Sugary a week. I live very close to this place and every weekend I stumble over in my pyjamas with a mason jar for dollar coffee, a gunny sack for whatever treats I fall victim to, and a sense of impending doom. Because I'm about to lose a battle against willpower in front of some nice progressive ladies who bake for a living. 
Shake Sugary's got a lot of delicate and whimsical sounding things. I can't remember specifics [because what am I a scientist] but it's always stuff like gluten-free lavender pear tarts or a vegan ginger blueberry turnovers or whatever. I'm not a vegan or a gluten-free person but we live in America and it's 2013 and I am trying. They also have really good quiche and sweet potato and bacon biscuits and how am I supposed to resist any of these things am I Superman or Jesus? No, I am a flawed human being. I will have the day-old pecan covered sticky bun on discount please, to be scarfed above the New York Times magazine on my kitchen table. 
Everything is good. The miniature key lime pies especially. Generally, I just choose something with a pleasing color and size because it's only going to exist for another five minutes until I transform that gorgeous morsel into crumbs, shame, and calories. 
Stay well away from Shake Sugary. Or just go every goddam day it's open. Your choice.Food was sooooo good here!! It's a little quaint place but very nice. They have a lot of vegan options which I loved. Although my husband and I did not eat too healthy when we came here. We shared a maple bacon muffin- a must order if you come here and a spinach a feta turnover. And we each got the Woodsman baked eggs, which we learned we could've shared one because they are big and filling. Downside to that was we had to wait 20 minutes for the baked eggs, but we enjoyed some cups of coffee with our pastries while waiting.  The woodsman was unlike anything I have ever tasted. It was mind blowing good. Definitely a good breakfast to have after partying in NOLA. I also ordered an Apple sage & goat cheese scone for later. It was delicious. Another thing I loved about this place is that they had soy and almond milk on the side for you to put in your coffee or tea to your liking and did not charge you extra for it, unlike Starbucks ripping you off by charging you another $1.25 to have non- dairy milk.