Wow. Estuvo bueno. It was hella good. Oysters were on point, we got the dealers special. The chicken and shrimp sandwiches were good as well. If you are here, make sure to get the cheese fries. I did not expect them to be this good. Knocked it out of the park.Definitely was excited to check this place out & I was not disappointed! Cutest set up outside on the patio! Drinks were so tropical and delicious! Food was bomb! Get the trio dip appetizer! The oyster selection was awesome and tasted great! Definitely going back soon!My new favorite spot in Nola. The best tuna civiche and shrimp remoulade I've had maybe ever. The frozen Paloma is to die for. Honestly the best outdoor dining atmosphere in all of New Orleans. Great setting, outstanding food, perfect service. Don't miss it.Lovely, dog friendly patio with great drinks. There were several well-behaved dogs the day I went and the servers even brought my dog a little treat. The vibe feels little fancier than Rusty Nail (that previous ran the same patio). They have large TV to watch football games which they reserve tables and fill up.Great Outdoor Seating! Happy Hour Rocks!!! Loved their ultra salty fry options for HH. Disco Lemonade was good, but it was a little cold out for a frozen cocktail. I only noticed it was frozen after I ordered...finished it despite the cold. Not too sweet, good, like a loaded Italian Ice.
Service was spot on (and funny). They turned on the patio heater for us and it was nice. Gumbo was very flavorful and Mancheto(?) Burger with shrooms was awesome! If I have a negative, it is the Queso for the fries at HH was...kinda' tasteless. It Looks yummy! It looks like it has a ton of spices! It has a thick, wonderful texture! Has no taste. I swear, if I didn't love everything else, and taste and smell it, I would have thought I had Covid. My husband agreed. Fry by itself, yummy! Fry dipped in queso, same exact flavor only wetter? Like I dipped my fry in Elmer's glue for a texture bump? ‍
Ya' know what? We kept dipping for the texture.
Anyway, we will be regulars, and possibly just move In if this Pandemic ever ends. Great vibe, good eats and chic atmosphere!Awesome oysters and drinks.  Loved that it's a local hangout and not touristy!  Patio area is great but book early if you want a seat in the atrium area.  We were off to the side and it's loud!  Love the wallpaper in the bathrooms.Me and my wife had an excellent seafood experience in the open air dinning courtyard. We ordered the Oysters which were just what the doctor ordered. Headed back for the Wednesday 1/2 off oysters with a beverage. The difficult part will be deciding which beverage to order with the extensive bar selection, maybe another Mint Julep.If you want to feel like you're going out and having a good time during the  pandemic, but you're afraid to...this is the place. Outdoor dining under palm trees and twinkling lights with fans and misters. Tables spaced out perfectly, masked staff, guests spaced out, a great system for ordering, and yet...it feels buzzy and fun. Best of all, the food and cocktails! Don't miss the Sidecar Shrimp. They also have the best Moscow Mule in town; all of their cocktails are good! They serve the Impossible Burger, so vegetarians don't feel left out. The staff are fun and courteous. It feels like really going out again...and safely!Had the best Sunday afternoon at Sidecar! This is such a hidden gem of NOLA. Great cocktails! My fiancé got the sidecar and I had the spa day! Both were excellent! We started with an order of the Shucker's Selection Oysters! This is a great option if you really want to taste the different varieties of oysters from all over. For our entrees we got the fish sandwich and the tuna tartare salad! The sandwich was cooked perfectly and had a nice spice to it. It has a strong Dijon mustard slaw on it that I loved! The salad has an Asian flare to it with a sesame soy vinaigrette! The tuna was fresh and served on a bed of crisp spinach. To top off the great drinks and food is an atmosphere that makes you feel like you are truly on a vacation!Sidecar is a great place to go for happy hour, watching the game, and a fantastic outdoor experience.  Service has always been excellent.  They have half pride oysters on Wednesday's and I look forward to it every week.A friend of mine recommended this place from a Facebook post about the restaurant. We live in Saint Louis, MO and was down in NOLA for a long weekend. 
All I have to say is the food was amazing and the staff were super friendly and knowledgeable.When you are looking for somewhere to enjoy the fall weather with delicious food and drink, check out Sidecar! Their food menu options aren't the most extensive, but everything that we did order was fresh and delicious. Heads up though: it is a lot of seafood so if you're not a seafood fan, eat before! 
The outdoor seating area is def my favorite part. There are tv's everywhere for football games and the aesthetic is just really nice and calming. Tables are socially distanced and the staff is taking precautions. As for the food, yum! The oysters were tasty and came with cocktail sauce and horseradish. The chicken sandwich was juicy and priced well. The crab cake sandwich was okay, I don't know that I would get again. But I am a crab cake snob, lol. 
Overall, everything was super delicious and can't wait to return!Ordered a chicken sandwich and the chicken was tough to chew and had very little flavor at all. Not great if you're going for food.Fantastic experience, service, & view!! Drinks were fantastic. Only complaint is they wouldn't let us split the bill by couple. (Had group of 8- but not a deal breaker!!) will be back!I visited Sidecar for the second time and I just love it. I tend to enjoy dining outside and this patio is the cutest with the best vibes. It's a very large patio with plenty of room and covered and uncovered seating options. This is a great place to grab drinks with friends or catch the game (they have tons of TVs). On my first visit, it was around the time they first opened so I was really happy to see that they had expanded their menu a bit since then. I really enjoyed the Oysters Madeline and the Tropical AF cocktail. Parking in this area can be pretty tight, so be prepared for that.Want to start off by saying they have great ambiance and are dog friendly. Sandwiches were so so but the oysters were great.Also nice that you can get a drink at the Rusty Nail while you wait to be seated. Was bothered they wanted to keep our card before we ate... weird and then I had an unexplained charge on my card for $5.55. Had to refuse the charge. Annoyed.Such a beautiful patio, a huge array of oysters from the East Coast as well as local, and very friendly service. They have huge TV screen set up outside to watch Saints games as well.Love the aesthetic of the outside area and there's happy hour oyster Wednesday!!! A dozen for only 10$! The oysters were super fresh and delicious. Love the sake frose as well! 
Follow me on IG @piggieats_ for more Nola Eats!This place is such a gem!  My wife wanted to get a few more oysters before we headed back to Colorado so I yelped and found this place.. man.. so glad we came! Their oysters were great!  So fresh and so clean!  But what's even better is their crawfish!! Best in town and best we had all weekend!  Perfect amount of heat, tang, and the size was med-jumbo!  Their service was quick and friendly!  Loved the outdoor patio seating and atmosphere!  We'll def be back next time we're in town!Such a fun find! We had been to the Rusty Nail a few years ago and remembered loving their patio and fresh fruit mimosas. We went looking for it and got there before they opened so we went in Sidecar. They were having an Elvis themed brunch and we ended up staying for hours. One of our favorite things we did while visiting New Orleans. Service was great. We didn't try food but it all looked good. Our drinks were well priced and ingredients were fresh. We will be back!Best oysters ever!  Amazing service and the atmosphere is super chill and relaxed. This was our first time but definitely not the last!Best Tuna Tartare I've ever had. It's been a month and I'm still craving more of it. Might have to drive the 9 hours back to Nola to have it again. ‍Came here on a Saturday afternoon with friends for a few cocktails and apps and it did not disappoint! 
The ambience is really cute, very "Instagram" worthy and perfect for a date night or larger group of friends for brunch. 
Its a little pricey for the area so it's perfect  for a special occasion when you're in the mood for a special bday happy hour!An expansion of our local neighborhood favorite spot-the Rusty Nail?! Hell YES. This place was beautifully done, awesome fun atmosphere with the same great service, now fully at your table because of COVID-not mad about it. 
The classic frozen drinks are still just as refreshing, and now they have fooooodddd!! Even the basic cheese fries have tons of cheese and are so tasty. The tuna tartare was also delicious. Can't wait for the oyster bar to open soon!!Walked just under a mile to get here. Worth every step. From the ambiance, the staff, and the food. All worth it. Everyone was helpful and friendly. The waiter had great suggestions and we pretty much said "yes"to everything he suggested. The backyard patio's ambiance is very welcoming and you almost feel like you're completely some place else. The flavors remind you. You're in New OrleansMy sister and I were looking for some place new and found this spot on TikTok. We got there circling the block looking for parking so be ready for that part. Finally found parking and walked in to several ppl waiting for tables but it was all good cuz to me that meant it must be nice. So we waiting. I went to the bathroom and the wallpaper in there is hilarious. 
The vibes and scenery is so cool. We were seated and I ordered a drink...they made me try some strange stuff but every drink I had was really good. 
Okay so FOOD! The crab cakes were meh.
We were torn on what to get so we shared each others food. I got the shrimp sandwich and she got a burger.....maaaannnn the both of them were so good! That shrimp so seasoned so nicely! That burger was juicy. 
Awesome chill spot once you find somewhere to park! I'll revisit.Went for date night with my honey.  Great COVID precautions.  
Odd check-in procedure where you order your first drink at hostess station? I didn't like this AT ALL. I don't like having to quickly figure out what I want.
Atmosphere is beautiful. Nice outdoor patio setting complete with heaters for chilly evenings.
We ordered two dozen oysters because they're $10 a dozen on Wednesday nights.  We ordered cheese fries and the manchego burger to share.  
The oysters took almost an hour to hit our table. By this time, we were already well into our burgers and fries.  Raw oysters just aren't something to follow a burger and fries with...it's a starter.  One shucker for a full house on a 1/2 price oyster night won't cut it.  The oysters were plump and delicious.
The burger was cooked perfectly and was absolutely DELICIOUS with grilled mushrooms and caramelized onions.
We also had two glasses of wine and a couple of cans of beer.
The service was really friendly.
I'm assuming the wait for oysters isn't as slow on other nights of the week, so not too much of a biggie there.
Really, my only issue was price.  It's expensive.  The burger with fries was $15.  The raw oysters, regular price, are $20 a dozen.  The only cabernet they had by the glass was $12.  $12 for a glass of wine at a patio bar is ridiculous.  
With tax and tip, our bill was $100.  That just seems like way too much for two dozen half price oysters, a burger and fries that we split, two glasses or wine, and two beers.Fantastic oysters (especially if you want to check out cold water oysters), friendly staff and lovely setting.  All seating is outdoor right now and you feel like you are sitting in a lovely courtyard.  Great vibe and wonderful way to spend you afternoon watching a game as there are perfectly situated big screens (without giving you a sports bar atmosphere).  Only drawback is parking so you may want to take the streetcar or Uber if you don't live in the area.Charming and delicious! And so many oyster choices! We had the Gulf and some Cape Cod oysters, appetizer trio, wedge salad, fried chicken sandwich. Oysters were cold and served with plenty of horseradish, unlike some other places. Re: the trio - Sidecar opens at 5 on weekdays, we arrived at 5:15 and placed an order for the appetizer trio around 6, at which time we were told they were already out of crabmeat Maison- one of the three items on the trio, which I thought was strange. We got a double portion of tuna tartare as a sub for the crabmeat Maison. Service was friendly and attentive even though every table was full by the time we left. Covid safety measures in place. Can't wait to go back and try more oysters!Amazing selection of oysters! Our drinks were great, and loved sitting outside on the patio.The experience starts when you walk down the old industrial area to the end of a one block alley, and the modest door welcomes you in to find a quaint garden like seating area. Had an assortment of oysters to start, all described by the menu and certainly with different tastes. Had to get another dozen... ok two. Great staff, great food, great experience. Not cheap - you get what you pay for. Will definitely come back.This is a new restaurant supposedly open for about 2 months. The menu is short and to the point but has a good variety. I had the crabcake sandwich and Tropical AF drink. The crabcake was delicious but the fries was the main star. Those fries were BOMB! The Tropical AF drink was mostly ice but sweet with a strong pineapple taste. The vibe was really nice as the music was updated Pop and the foot ball game was on but it didn't seem like a sports bar at all.We ordered...
Drinks: Mr. Big, Sidecar, & Barrel Aged Bouldevardier
Food: Sidecar Salad w/ crawfish, oysters, & the manchego burger
Everything we ordered was FANTASTIC. One of the best salads I've ever had. The fries are very unique, almost like a combo between a potato chip and a fry. The atmosphere is great - you would never know it was right next to a highway.Wow! I had to pop on here to brag about the owner, David, and Chef Rob. After reading about my first experience at SideCar, David and Chef Rob reached out to me personally to express their apologies. They explained where the miscommunication happened that night during my family's dining experience, and they went above and beyond to check on my son and make sure he was okay. I'm so grateful to this leadership team for making it right. My husband and I are first time parents, and it's our first time having to deal with any type of allergy. David was incredibly empathetic and he proved himself to be a servant leader which is something my family certainly appreciated. 
After speaking with the owner and the executive chef personally, we decided to give SideCar another shot as they guaranteed to have dairy free options this time. Upon arrival, we were greeted with smiley faces and Chef Rob visited our table to help me choose my appetizer and dinner selections. Man, did Chef know his stuff!! I was thoroughly impressed with his thoughtfulness and knowledge of the menu items. It has to be pretty difficult to remember every ingredient of every dish on the menu by heart. Chef Rob had full confidence in his knowledge and that put me at complete ease. 
My husband had the oysters which he LOVED! I had the shrimp remoulade for my appetizer, and it was to die for! For my entree, we had to get a little creative. After careful consideration, I opted for the Gulf Fish Sandwich with no bun, added caramelized onions with the slaw on the side, fries and the cucumber and tomato salad which packed a nice little punch. I was very pleased with my selection, it was SO good! The fish had such good flavor that I honestly didn't miss the bun one bit. My meal was the perfect combination for a dinner that didn't FEEL heavy. The bartender made us a couple of rounds of fresh strawberry lemonade which was perfectly sweet and beautifully presented! 
Now, I know what to order when we come back! We are so happy that we gave SideCar another try. It's truly a hidden gem in the city with the owner and chef being some of the most genuine folks you'll come across in the service industry. Thank you to your wonderful team for the hospitality!We stumbled upon this little place because it was near our hotel.    The atmosphere is perfect for lunch or brunch or a Friday night drinks with friends.   Loved the decor and set up. We sat on the roof and I loved it.   The drinks were tasty   Not too strong.  We ordered crawfish. Meh.  They were half dead prior to being cooked. Sooo not great.   However the atmosphere and friendly staff will have us visit again when we return to Nola.    The patio is great spot.This place is a great outdoor spot for food and cocktails. Like your backyard patio with an awesome outdoor backyard. You are greeted with warm friendly service at the door and order your first round of cocktails with the food. The menu is great with lots of variety to choose from. This is not your average bar food as they have put an emphasis on having great food with the cocktails like you would do at home with friends in the backyard. The trio with the the tuna, shrimp and crab is the way to go. A great choice. The sushi grade tuna rivals any sushi place in town for being fresh and of high quality. The boss had a dozen oysters, very fresh and presented with a couple of interesting sauces. We also tried the burger which was cooked perfectly and served with wedge fries that were nicely seasoned and very hot so you know they were fresh. We did not have dessert but hey have a great dessert list along with cocktails to finish the night. A great time, great food and atmosphere.Ok so someone told us Sidecar has THE best oysters in town and that it beats Seaworthy - So guess what, I had to try! I had this item called "Baller on a budget", which was a half dozen oysters from 3 different sources. It is pretty cool to compare different oysters in one seating. My favorite was Mintwater something something.... from WA. 
Folks, the weather is fantastic in New Orleans at the moment and we all know so well that this weather does not last for long so go get a table at Sidecar and enjoy your favorite cocktail at their patio!
P.S: Mr. Big is my cocktail of choice.Horrible experience. Don't show up with kids. We were told that there were many tables available. The staff was rude upon arrival and even thought there were 6 open tables told us we could not sit. Very rude. We were fine to walk on down to Peche which was amazing btw. Last night in Orleans worked out well but would never recommend this place. They had told us no reservations were available but to come on over because of many tables but we arrived and a no go!!  Gross location and dangerous. No don't go!Went in on a Wednesday for their oyster special (a dozen raw for $10) and a couple glasses of tempranillo. It was my first time in the space since it converted from The Rusty Nails patio. The space is really nice, well lit, big TVs and awesome artwork. Full disclosure, as a service industry worker until very recently due to Covid, I'm completely torn between going out and supporting my friends that have to work and not going outside for anything. Maybe once a week we go somewhere where a friend is working. Anywho, the service was awesome, the oysters were fresh and delicious, the patio had warmers and social distancing was at its finest. If you're going to go out, be respectful, tip well and keep it safe!OYSTERS were amazing! Food was fantastic and the service was outstanding. Delicious cocktails. Enjoyed everything about our dining experience. Beautiful patio. Happy that we found this gem of a restaurant.This place is soooo cutesy! And the food and ambiance were incredible. My husband and I came in with our newborn and we loved how private our table felt. Our server, Nick, was so sweet and tried accommodate our requests. 
The reason for the 3 star review is because the chef dropped the ball big time. Before coming in, I called to see if they could accommodate a dairy allergy. The hostess was so sweet to go down the menu and tell me all that I could order. My husband and I hopped in the car (leaving another restaurant that said they couldn't accommodate a dairy allergy) and made our way over. 
Before ordering, Nick ran to the kitchen a few times to make sure what I planned to order did NOT have dairy in it.... I told Nick if the sandwich couldn't be done without some form of dairy then I didn't mind getting a salad. He double checked with the kitchen, and we were told that the grilled chicken sandwiches would be dairy free if they just left butter off the bun. Sounded like an easy fix. I know the avocado aioli is Mayo based so that was fine since Mayo is made from eggs.
I really didn't mind choosing something else if the sandwich had dairy in it because so many things have dairy in it and sometimes it's a difficult request to accommodate. I really could've just gotten the salad if the sandwich HAD to have dairy. Why? Because I'm a exclusively breastfeeding mom and my baby has a dairy allergy. It takes dairy 1-2 weeks to get out of both of our systems, and my baby has been screaming and having an allergic reaction after EVERY feeding since 2am this morning when the DAIRY finally got into his little body. 
I really should've just gotten the salad. And the chef should know what's in the food he's preparing. I don't expect people to care, but we had several conversations throughout the night about the dairy thing to ensure this didn't happen. Now my baby's suffering the consequences. 
We really did love Nick so much though. He was such a sweet server! We would come back and try something different, and hopefully not be lied to as well.So good, a friend told us to eat here and very glad we did. Gumbo was tasty a oysters were delicious. Definitely hope to come back! Great atmosphere super friendly staff. Had great time!This place is amazing! Starting off with the gumbo. Very authentic and full of flavor!!! It really carries a punch! Next is the oysters. We got the chefs choice sampler the the best ones were the turtle back oysters. They were meaty and sweet but equally salty! The fixings that came with the oysters were a whole different level!!! The horseradish was so fresh and the cocktail spice is made with the same horseradish so it has a kick and really complements the strawberry vinaigrette that also comes with the ensemble! The service was fast and friendly! Overall, a great experience! Would definitely come back and definitely recommend!!!! Come here if you want oysters! And a good vibe! Oh and they've got great drinks!!!So the oysters are crazy fancy & expensive so, being the Superior Seafeed Happy Hour hound that I am, I was, let's say skeptical about this establishment! BUT it's dope. Went on the later side Saturday night with a group for drinks and bites. The only patio has great vibes and I was stoked to see that apart from the oysters, they have a robust, reasonably priced menu. I got an excellent martini and shared fried cauliflower ($7) and the tuna tartare salad ($14) and both were amazing. The salad is LARGE, our server split it up on two plates for us and each looked like a full serving. Said server was named Stephanie and definitely made the experience a full 5 stars!!!! 
Honorable mentions are the $10 Jucifer & buffalo trace deal available, and generous portions of wedge cut fries. 
Will be back and see what these fancy oysters are all about.Great place to drink good alcohol, eat tasty food, and chill. What more could you want. Highly recommended.So glad there is now a restaurant attached to Rusty Nail! Sidecar is everything any more. The aesthetic is amazing! Patio vibes meets upscale bar - idk my version of what it is. Right now, there is a hostess to greet you and walk you through there social distancing route. You have to wait to be call to enter the "bar" where they take your order, drinks, food, and then they'll give you a number. You can sit whatever and they have waiters serving you after you have order your first time. They are trying to minimize the walking around obviously and they are doing a great job at it. The food was great, little pricey for a burger and fries, but honestly would eat it again. I'm not really a burger girl so I'm excited for oyster season!!! Didn't grab any of the apps or seafood because we were there for a quick dinner and vibes. Will definitely be back for more!Loved this place! Cannot speak highly enough about it! The food was excellent and I can't wait to try other things on the menu! We all ended up getting burgers and sandwiches, but the oyster selection looked incredible. Will be coming back for those! Thursday is half price bottles of wine and we got a nice bottle of Pinot Noir. My friends had some of the cocktails and they looked amazing! The staff was so patient and accommodating with our group of 4 and a baby. The decor is very beautiful and welcoming. The tables were all socially distanced and sanitizing stations were available. 
This restaurant is tucked into the very corner of Constance St. Before the interstate and can be a little tricky to find! It's right next to the Rusty Nail and well worth looking for!So wonderful to be able to go out and gather with people but lord it took us two hours to get seated and another hour to get fed.Such a fun hang-out spot! We arrived here Saturday night around 6:30pm with no reservations. The hostess informed us that we could order cocktails and head upstairs until our table was ready so I went with the house margarita and my +1 got a tall Paradise Park. Upstairs, you'll find appropriately spaced out tables filled with patrons waiting for a table downstairs  -- I did see a few people eating upstairs but this option wasn't offered to us and I wanted to eat downstairs anyway so we didn't explore this option. 
Our 'table' was ready right around the time we finished our first round. We followed a very polite server to the elevator and ultimately to our table downstairs. Once at our table, we got a round of Gulf Farm Selection $30 oysters, a cup of gumbo, and the shrimp cocktail. Holy smokes yall, that cocktail sauce is made with a generous amount of horseradish... so much so that the inside of your nose tickles! So painful yet so good! 
Like any New Orleanian, I love dining outdoors, so we will be back as the weather continues to warm up! I highly recommend you make reservations if you're trying to adhere to a timeline but if you wanna do that casual Saturday afternoon for drinks and seafood snacks, Sidecar fits the bill for that also!Sidecar Patio & Oyster Bar is one of those in the cut, but perfect post-work spots to slurp down oysters or even grab dinner.
With an extensive wine and cocktail menu, Sidecar serves as an great exemplar of typical NOLA happy hour : outside with great music, and good food. I recommend coming on Wednesdays for 1/2 on gulf oysters!
: @thefrench75diet . . .  follow for more local foodie spotsDrinks were good but this is an oyster bar, so the vegetarians feasted on oyster-shaped fries LOL
* Vegetarian / Veggie review *
I'm a vegetarian foodie that has a lot of meat eating friends who want to go to fun places that may or may not be veggie-friendly, so I'm here to tell you what to order if you find yourself in the same situation :) Just search "vegetarian" or "veggie"!They've done it again. Excellent menu with really great seafood options to get a taste of the city. Cocktails and drink menu are on-point as you'd expect. But their secret weapon is the friendly staff. A visit to their patio will not leave you disappointed. Must try.Amazing oysters, cocktails, and brunch food. Wonderful atmosphere too. We attended drag brunch with Cookie Baker and boy was that a treat! The service is fab and the outside seating is lovely on a cool day. Def worth a visit!Burger was phenomenal!  The atmosphere is cozy and the drinks were yummy, too!  The only downside was the lack of items for kids, but we made it work!Waiter was very unprofessional. Begged us for a bigger tip when we gave him the receipt. Will not be going backThis place is wonderful! Here for a private party. This place is adorable. The service is great and they've done a great job on renovations!Ambiance: 5
Service: 4
Food: 4
Drinks: NA
Covid prep: 5
So if you're on a date and want to watch the game you may want to go here. Super charming patio with lights and stuff, but big ass TVs as well. Boom...problem solved...your welcome. 
The crab meat fries are unlike any fries I've ever had and they're awesome. 
Big baller oysters makes you feel like a tourist but fuck it maybe you are...maybe you aren't...maybe you just wanted to treat yourself to some good ass oysters and you had no idea which ones were best. Just me? Anyone?
The spot is hidden behind a hole in the wall bar so it lowers your expectations perfectly. Then you walk into the backyard of your dreams...the one you wish you had. Well not quite...need like a hoop and some cornhole but still it's awesome back there. 
Service is good but they are stretched thin so just chill bro. Everyone else is waiting long too. Have a beer. Enjoy the game:)Their Wednesday happy hour oysters rocked and then dug into the manchego burger which was this juicy/tasty burger!  Service was great and loved the outdoor patio.We enjoy the concept and patio of Sidecar each time we go. The place is truly beautiful and so fun slightly hidden off the beaten path. Drinks, beers, oysters, and food are always great. The staff are so pleasant and make you feel at home. Service time was good, no significant waits for anything. Parking is off-street and you may have to park a block or so away but nothing bad, reservations are most likely ideal especially during Covid.  We have also attended a pre-fix drag brunch at Sidecar and had such a blast, the event was organized and food/drinks great. The staff were super helpful in accommodating or reservation for drag brunch and very responsive.Great place to hangout, watch football, etc. What was formerly the side patio for Rusty Nail is now its own stand-alone oyster bar. IIRC they have decent prices on drinks in general in addition to happy hour
With that being said, oysters aren't cheap but they get them from all over the country if that's your thing! On another note, their food was okay to not good for what I tried. Fried chicken sandwich was not good, chicken was dry and it was not crispy at all. Their redfish sandwich on the other hand was okay, but nothing special. Would not go out of my way for the food here. But good vibes, friendly service, good oysters and decent drink deals then yeah come and do your thing.I'm so ecstatic there is a "container bar/restaurant" in New Orleans! I've always been a fan of this aesthetic especially when I lived in San Antonio/Austin. The entrance is towards the back of the dead end road and you don't interact with the Rusty Nail for entry.
Regarding COVID-19 practices...
-You must wear a mask upon entry
-Reservations are highly encouraged
-QR code menus
-Hand sanitizer stations everywhere
-Socially distant tables
-Staff wears masks
-One way entry and exits
This place is perfect for watching the game and tbh they have tv's galore throughout the whole area. My favorite part of the restaurant was the plant wall against the stained wood.
As for the food/drinks here's what I tried:
-Raw oysters: always a classic and definitely recommend
-Gumbo: had plenty of protein in it and the roux was delicious
-Cheese fries: order two of them because these will go so fast
-Frozen Paloma: absolutely loved!!
I really had a great time here and can't wait to come back.Hidden gem that I'm so happy I've found. All the seafood was fresh and tasty. I've had some of the best oysters here. I went about dusk so the ambiance was perfect!!! And let's talk about the drinks...each custom drink was delicious, aromatic and fulfilling. I will most definitely be back hereCame here for the bama game with a huge crowd. Our waiter Kevin took the time to split it all up between us and was super cool. He made this place fun. He was our waiter for a couple hours and was great. Will come back. Give Kevin a raise if you haven't yet