Had lunch with my brother today at this fine establishment.  The service was great and the food even better.  We had the Spicy Thai Rice, Chicken Salad, Shrimp Pad Thai and Mee Grob.  The Spicy Thai Rice was cooked perfect with plenty of meat and vegtables with just the right amount of spice. The Chicken Salad was fresh and the dressing superb.  The Shrimp Pad Thai was a Delite and the Mee Grob was served on a bed of crunchy noodles with a sauce so good I had the bring me steamed rice to pour the left over sauce on and take home for a late night snack. The portions were large and we had the Papaya and sticky rice for desert which finished off the meal perfectly.  I recommend this restaurant highly and every dish was full of flavor! Chalin Rungruang is the best Thai Chef in the city!We found the food to be quite good and to be fairly authentic Thai food, and we had very good service. We would definitely go there again and would recommend it. It is not fine dining and does have a fairly bland atmosphere as do many Asian cafes.  They have not Ve bar area. We eat Thai often in many locations and found this one to be quite acceptable. We had Thai beer, appetizer and two entre'  for very reasonable price.We were starving and stopped in here because it was down the street from our hotel; it was not great Thai food but we did not go to New Orleans for Thai food. We ordered yellow curry chicken, it came with rice and a spring roll, the curry had chunks of potatoe and carrots. It served it's purpose but I would never go back.  The staff was really nice though!This review is based on the fact that they gave us the wrong noodles. We ordered take out. After several times questioning the server about the pad Thai noodles, he still managed to get our order wrong. We have had Thai food from several different restaurants and prefer the thick noodles vs the thin noodles. We made sure to ask what type of noodles they use and the server assured us we would get thick noodles. My husband ate most of his food and said he has had better. So let me say that before you leave this restaurant make sure they get your order or request right! Sad because we really wanted to give this place 5 stars.Absolutely delicious, authentic meal. Fresh and well cooked with wonderful options on the menu. The staff is so friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable, clean and very beautiful. It's a little gem in downtown New Orleans CBD area. Bet it's packed at lunch and will become my go-to thai restaurant for take out or to dine in. Also extremely reasonably priced!!!So yummy, I almost drank my remaining sauces. Only took off one star bc the Tom Nua beef was blah but otherwise, really good food and quick service. Dumplings are divine.Went here about 45 minutes before closing on Thursday night and was surprised at how busy it was.  Sat at the bar and was promptly greeted.  Very good Thai food (I had the Mint Garlic Basil Chicken) and I'll definitely be coming back.Please don't order from here. Worst and most expensive Thai food I've ever had and I've tried several Thai food restaurants. Ordered pad Thai, pad kee mao and crab rangoons. Best part was the rangoons which are hard to mess up. Noodles were super dry and bland. Chicken was dry as well and everything lacked sauce and seasoning. Again, please don't order from here. Id rather order a Big Mac than try this again.In the heart of the city I stumbled upon this joint. Walking in at first glance you will be anticipating an authentic meal. Looking over the menu, your mouth will water. But this is where the love affair ends. half the appetizers and entrées arrive simultaneously, and at first bite you'll realize you've just agreed to pay good money for a plate that is less then mediocre. If you have already ended up here order the spring rolls, they are flavorful and are a fair price. As for me, I think I'll take my next meal at good karma.Who eats Thai in New Orleans? Me?
I noticed this restaurant as I was getting out of my Uber after a really long work day. I wanted peace and quiet, a glass of wine, and somewhere very close to my hotel. 
I was the only seated customer in the spacious, tastefully decorated dining room. Service was a wee bit slow, but who needs to rush it in such a great town? 
A glass of pinot grigio wasn't too expensive and I got an order of crispy spring rolls with carrot sauce that were heavenly. I ordered massaman curry with beef, no questions about how spicy and I didn't care anyway.
A bowl of huge chunks of meat and potatoes soon arrived, like a wonderful Sunday afternoon dinner. Fork tender meat, delicious sauce. My only complaint is a bit of skimping on the sauce. Otherwise, it was amazing.Thai in New Orleans? I know but it was close to hotel. Not as spicy as I would prefer but enjoyed the tofu salad. Basil sauce was refreshing. Wouldn't hesitate to eat her in a pinch again.I'm here on business and it's Fat Tuesday at 7PM. Walk down to Bourbon Street and nothing is available for seating. So we walk back to the Hyatt to find this gem. We go inside and the staff was cleaning. We were seated and they barely spoke English. 
Being vegetarian, they made me a Papaya salad without shrimp or fish sauce. It was so good but fiery hot - but I kept eating it. I had Singha beer and the Tofu Pad Kee Mao: deliciousssss. Cooked perfectly. 
 My coworker had beefskirt and a MaiTai. He didn't like the Mai Tai so sweet..so they took it off the bill. Straightforward non fancy place for classic Thai food.
Service was slow.. But it is the South and we were ravenous. I'd come back.I absolutely loved this place! Thai food was the last thing I thought I'd be getting while on vacation in New Orleans. A friend I was with said randomly "let's get some Thai!" I was like "what?" I was fine with it. It was getting kind of late, I started looking up places close to where we were, found this place from the magic of Yelp! 
I ordered the beef pad Thai. The portion I got was huge. It was plenty of beef in it. You know some places will skimp you on the meat, but this place definitely gave you your money's worth. The whole dish itself was very good. Prices aren't bad at all, especially if you consider how much you get. 
The staff was really nice. Food was ready and nice and hot when we got there. The bar area looked pretty cool. I didn't think I would say this, but when I come back to New Orleans, I will be back for Thai food... From here of course!I ordered some pad thai via uber eats, and it frankly was the worst I ever had. I ordered it "Thai hot," and while it had a lot of pepper powder, it had very little other flavor. The shrimp looked like they were IQF (no tails) and tasted like they'd been frozen too long. Next time I'm just going to get in my car and drive uptown for Bangkok Thai, which is reliably good.Very sorry to hear this, same thing happened to me. I gave them a call and they were very concerned and eager to make it right. They re-made my food and it was the delicious Thai food I expect from Singha.Went to Singha Thai when on vacation in New Orleans because we were craving Thai. The food is standard; we ordered spring rolls, chicken satay and chicken Pad Thai.
Someone had commented on here that the Pad Thai noodles are a bit thinner. This is true, and actually changes the consistency of the food. The noodles ended up getting knotted together into a pile while the eggs and chicken and other fix-ins sat on the outside of the pile. Regardless, the food was delicious. Chicken satay and spring rolls tasted exactly as I've had them before. The menu is pretty vast but again, standard Thai food and normal portion sizes.
We went on a Thursday night and it was pretty empty but the servers weren't as attentive as I thought they'd be with a smaller amount of clientele. Giving this place a 3 because of the service but if you're having a craving for Thai food among Cajun cuisine, this is your go to place.Best meal I've eaten in a very long time. Ordered Basil Chicken and Tom Kai soup and they verified both were Gluten Free for me. I wish I could have found this before today. I'd have eaten here multiple times the last few days while in town.Good food. A lil pricey for me compare of what I get. The restaurant is great n clean. Walking distance from Bourbon st.Wow this place was amazing. I am from out of state and i tried to go 3 other places before i ended up here . I am so happy we tried this place . There food was amazing and my an i were talking about how good it was the entire time . DEFINITELY recommend this place for Thai foodSave your money. This place is not just bad, it's pretty disgusting. Ordered take-out and they messed up the order, forgot my soup and gave me a shrimp noodle salad instead of a chicken noodle salad. Hey said they would fix it, but by fix it, I think they meant take the shrimp out, grab an old 1oz of chicken, shred it, sprinkle it on top of the original shrimp salad and present it as a chicken noodle salad. Inedible. Gross. Never again.Food was awesome. Staff was so very nice bit was raining and they brought us towels to dry off with.I stopped in relatively early on a Tuesday night - the service was good, although according to my server, everything was great... I really appreciate a server that is willing to step up and make suggestions.  I had the fresh spring roll and the pad thai with chicken.  The spring rolls were okay, but needed mint.  They said that they had tofu and chicken...what they meant was either or - so if you don't tell them which, you get tofu.  The peanut sauce was overly salty, but still fine.  The pad thai (the dish I use to rate all thai restaurants) was made with thin noodles, I prefer the slightly wider (linguini size) noodles.  The sauce was significantly over-salted (offensively so)... the chicken was over cooked (cooked and then cooked again) and tough. Probably a 1.5 star...in my opinion, it's a pass.Great Thai food and very attentive service 
Cocktails are good too
Highly recommend this Thai placeContinuing my Thai tour of America during a work trip to New Orleans. The place was dead at 7:30 on a Wednesday night and I got takeout. The panang curry (with chicken) was delicious. I didn't specify a heat level but it was pleasantly spicy (and I usually err on the milder side). Only downside was the hair in the curry. Gross, but the food was delicious enough that it didn't ruin the experience for me.I used UberEATS to deliver their food and I must say, outside of a Thai Temple when they have festivals, I haven't had this good of Thai food! The Tom Kha Kai was very tasty with just the right balance of ginger and lemon grass. I'm normally not a fan of Pad Thai because I've had bad experiences but theirs - YUM! I request a specific heat/spicy level and they NAILED IT. I will order from them again and SOONThe food here is decent, nothing special but it passes. Make sure you ask for anything you order spicy if you like spicy thai food, as their regular is not spicy at all. 3 stars for good service and a great location, but average food.This restaurant was across the street from our hotel (Aloft Hotel), so we decided to give it a try. We came in right when it opened, so it didn't seem like the servers were ready. We ordered a few plates, but none of them were good. I'm from California, so my tastebud for Thai food might be different than New Orleans people. The service was also horrible because we asked for chilli & the girl took forever, yet gave us the wrong one. I wouldn't recommend eating here!Ordered a pad see yew from this place for $14. For the price (over priced by at least $3-4 imo), quality (veryyy mediocre compared to dozens of Thai restaurant that I've been to), and quantity (miniscule) this restaurant is simply not worth your time and money.I've been twice within less than a week. Both times I ordered the Singh Shrimp which is a special but I think it really should be a part of the menu.  It's a spicier version of sweet and sour shrimp only better....very busy during lunch time.  I was also able to try the combination rice which was pretty good as well.new location is sweet.    had a wonderful dinner here, my usual drunken noodle, four stars.     fresh spring rolls and some wine.   so glad you reopened, as you are an institution of thai goodness in a city that hardly has any thai at allI struggle with this. The service was nice. The food came out timely but it was hit or miss. The parang curry had a great flavor but the chicken was rubbery. My friend also got a chicken dish and the sauce was good (overly salty though and tasted a little like fast food thai) but the chicken was not. I probably would not make a trip out to this restaurant but it was a good place to duck into when we got caught in the rain.We stopped here to grab a bite in between apartment shopping downtown New Orleans. The restaurant seemed clean. The food came out fast. Prices weren't too bad. ($14 for an entree and appetizer). The portions aren't the biggest, but the entree was shareable. It wasn't the most extensive Thai menu, but it had most of the more popular dishes. I would eat here again.The food was delicious and a bargain for the price. The service was surprisingly good for the large number of the people dining at the time. Restaurants in the CBD in New Orleans have a pretty wide mix of folks: the daily business crowd having lunch, clueless tourists that wander in looking like they've landed on Mars, everyday shoppers. The staff handled them all smoothly and quickly. We had the duck on vermicelli, crispy spring rolls and chicken pad Thai. The duck breast was an entrée- it was well seasoned, plated beautifully and complimented the noodles perfectly. For $11 it was a wonderful meal at a hamburger price. The appetizers were delightful, crispy spring rolls were made with high quality ingredients, the chicken on skewers was moist and tasty. There is better Thai food in New Orleans at triple the price of Singha but for what it is and where it is I cannot recommend another place I'd rather have lunch in the CBD. Also it has an attractive and well stocked bar for when getting back to the office is an afterthought. Going back next chance I get.Nice restaurant. Friendly, smiling staff. Very attentive. 
I had the Crispy Duck, and my wife had Pad Thai. Both dishes were good sized portions and came out hot. Can't say the same for the Jasmine tea, but overall a good experience.
Food seems to cater to sweet American taste, which was a bit of a disappointment. But, I asked for chili paste and that made it worthwhile (the chili paste is nice and hot!)
Looks like they do a brisk business with take out. They have a sit down bar as well. My pet peave in any restaurant is that they have a television - theirs was showing "Bones."
Good points for friendly and good food. Bad points for lessening the authenticity and having a TV.They have a fast & good lunch.  The service was good but my waitress didn't speak much English.My entire family really enjoyed this place.  The food was fantastic, and the service was good also.  The food was flavorful and I had one of the curries which was fantastic.  I would definitely recommend this place for either lunch or dinner, there is plenty of room inside.I seriously doubt that was hair, I order it all the time, it's one of my favorites, 'Panang Curry' is made with the combination of creamy coconut milk, sautéed with kaffir leaves and bell peppers, what you thought was hair, could've been a stringy piece of the kaffir leave.The food here is very good, but it's not what I am accustomed to in regard to "Thai" food.  I expect the food to be spicier, and have more peppers in it.  Maybe this is just their version, but it seems fairly modified for "American" tastes.  
The first thing you might notice, (after the beautiful decor, that is), is that there are no salt and pepper shakers, no soy sauce bottles, and no other condiments on the table.  That's to keep you from "messing" with their already perfectly seasoned recipes, and the recipes are perfectly seasoned.  My problems with this restaurant have nothing to do with the food.  The food is fantastic, flavorful, and a delightful variation from the usual New Orleans cuisine.  
My problem with this restaurant has more to do with things the restaurant has little control over - the noise.  When we were there, it was so LOUD we could not even hear our waitress standing two feet from us.  Since the walls and ceilings are solid brick, all it takes is one or two loud people like during a lunch rush, and it gets louder than a football game in there.  
When we were there, the noise remained very loud, but waxed and waned a bit.  At one table of six, there was one loud businessman whose loud voice made others around him talk louder, and then other people in the restaurant were forced to raise their voices to be heard over him.  When another table came in with a woman just as loud, and just as unconcerned about the level of her voice, the place became impossible.  In that regard, it did add some authenticity to the place because it came to sound like some foreign outdoor market in the Far East.  
Anyway, the noise is not something the restaurant has much control over, unless they want to insulate the walls, and hang acoustic tiles.  It is probably something every diner will have to deal with when visiting during busy times.  Either that, or take it out, but, when you do that, you lose the experience of the restaurant's ambience.  
The food is very tasty, and well-prepared, but not spicy enough for me with no options to make it spicier.   I would definitely eat here again, or at least recommend it to others without my capacity for spicy heat.  I would not, however, go out of my way to come here again, and the thought of all that noise would be enough to make me consider another dining option.Long story short: If you are a non-native, please do not judge us by this place. The food is definitely not up to par...and we apologize for their efforts. Head to other places like Sukothai on Magazine St. Or Royal St., if you want a "better" more authentic Thai, cause what we ate...was ridiculous. 
Long story long:
This is my family's first trip to NOLA, so I was excited for the food! My parents however; creatures of habit...so only food from the home country will do. This review is solely based on take out, so maybe the quality would be better in person..? Overall...this place leaves little to be desired. 
The pad see ew was hard and clumped together, the chicken stuffed wings (got only 2 for like $8-9? LOL) which were flavorless...and I thought it was difficult to mess up chicken wings but boy, was I wrong lol. Fried rice has barely any flavor and was wrapped in foil? In a foam container..? The fried calamari was salvageable...but ugh. Still pretty bad. 
Overall, in the words of my mother: it was THE worst Thai food she has ever had in her life lol. And that....that sucks dude. Please do better guys, rep us better! Kind of shameful to our nationality lol. Also, the little girl working there needs to be a taaaaad bit more attentive, because she walked back like 3 times to the kitchen when we asked all at once 3 things lol. *sigh* Here's to better Thai places/Asian places in NOLA! Good luck!Singha used to be my "go to" Thai spot. I dunno what happened but I just picked up food and something has changed and definitely for the worse. Dry pad thai tasted funky, Panang that's just not noteworthy. And they are skimping on all ingredients. Maybe they got a new cook or maybe it changed hands? However, one thing did not change, the price of the once exceptional food. Sadly, my favorite Thai spot was destroyed so needless to say, I won't be going back here. Bummer-Drag.Very fresh ingredients, excellent service, clean, pleasant atmosphere. Great menu selection and flavors and spices. Plenty of vegetables in each dish. Shrimp carondelet was delicious. Good for vegetarians and vegans.Stopped for a late afternoon snack.  Excellent fresh spring rolls and papaya salad!  Flavors were fresh and authentic.  Our server was so friendly and sweet.  Would definitely come back to try all the other items!I had a great experience here! Good food despite being a little pricier than other places. I had the vegetable tempura for an appetizer and the chili noodle combo for the main course. Both were cooked very well and full of flavor! The service was excellent and efficient and I never had an empty glass of water for too long. The waitresses were very sweet and always served with a smile. I recommend this place if you want some good Thai comfort food!Love this place- been looking for it since it moved- very consistent, you always know that your order is very well prepared- one of the best Thai spots in NOLAMy friends and I came here for lunch after a long hot walk from the cemetery. It was nice to try Thai food not from your home town and switch it up from the
Cajun. The service was great. She was sweet and very attentive. We started with the fried tofu, spring rolls, and dumplings. All were delicious. Main courses we tore it up. Yellow curry, pad see ew, lad nah, combination fried rice (I always judge a thai place based on the fried rice and it was tasty) and a shrimp dish. We all were happy campers and left thinking we would definitely come back when in town again.Best Thai food in the city. The food is always consistently delicious and the service is always great. My favorite lunch place!I've loved this place since it was across from One Shell Square. About 3a one morning, the 3 stories above it collapsed into it and first, thank goodness it was 3a and second, it took them a long time to relocate. 
I love the pad Thai and the pad something that has the crunchy noodles. Spring rolls are super good too (I'm a spring roll fiend. Show me one and I'll follow you anywhere). 
Staff is always attentive and I always thought the lunch crowd was pleasantly lively. Fun fact:  there's an adult private club a few doors down!  By the time you finish eating (late), you can go get your groove on (byob)!Not very good. The food was below average, and then when yoy compare it to other restaurants located close to it, it's really bad.Starting off, I want to say that this review is based SOLELY on the service and atmosphere, because I didn't stay long enough to try the food.
Walked in and waited for probably 5 minutes before being seated. Little did I know, you get better service by sitting at the bar. (More on that later.)
Once we were greeted by someone,from the kitchen, we were seated right next to another table when the restaurant was wide open. This is one of my biggest pet peeves.
No music to be heard, just the two ladies from the next table enjoying their food and conversation. Constant ringing of someone's cell phone.
Five minutes later, my fiancé and I said, let's ditch it, we hadn't been greeted yet, and we had read the menu already.
When we get up to leave, there were two people sitting at the bar who had shown up after us that had been greeted and given orders already.
I MAY give this place another opportunity in the future. I really do like Thai food.Absolutely good food. Very rich in flavors. Spacious, nice decor. Spring rolls and tempura were great. The spicy green curry and Pad Thai were very rich in flavors. My favorite was the mango salad!!I almost never leave reviews, but I have to because this is the first Thai food I've ever had. An absolutely dreadful waste of $25. I'm perplexed by the positive reviews here because it was so bad.
I ordered a vegetarian pad thai and a papaya salad though Uber Eats. The papaya salad was ok, but the shrimp in it were so overcooked that they actually felt dehydrated to the touch. They also weren't deveined, which is gross. Once I had picked out all the shrimp and the soggy, limp lettuce, the papaya salad was edible, but not good.
The pad thai was awful. It tasted like rice noodles tossed with that orange sweet and sour sauce you get from Chinese food restaurants. The vegetables were so overcooked that they were gray-green, and some of them were not even identifiable. The noodles were congealed into a single mass that I actually had to cut apart with a knife. I picked out all of the veggies, save the two small pieces of tofu, and ate about half the noodles before I gave up and threw the rest out.It's clear Papa M is intentionally sabotaging this restaurant, Singha.  I have been a regular at Singha since it opened at the old location.  The food and the service are always Excellent!  Because I'm often there during off-peak times, I know personally that all spring rolls, both fresh and fried, all dumplings, and all food is made fresh every day.  I've regularly seen the staff making the spring rolls and dumplings when I'm there, both at the old and the new locations.  The sauces are what make the food--they are so amazingly flavorful, and consistent--far superior in taste and consistency to other Thai restaurants.  All menu items are so good, it's not unusual for me to tell the waitress to choose for me--I could easily do "Eenie, Meenie, Minie, Moe" and be happy with anything I get.  The service is always fast, simply because the kitchen is so organized (it was in clear view at the old location).  The wait staff is always on top of all your needs.  One couldn't ask for better Thai food or service.  Oh, I love the personalized serving dishes and dinner plates too, nice touch!I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant. Wasn't too sure after reading some iffy reviews. However, it was one of only a few places near my hotel with veggie options. I had the crispy veggie spring rolls and tofu chili noodles. Yummy! The duck sauce that came with the rolls was delicious. Unusual and spicy! The noodles were also spicy and well flavored. I took my food to go. The staff was friendly and I got my food quickly. Definitely recommend.Best Thai in the city hands down.  I didn't realize they had reopened after sadly losing their place on Carondelet a few years ago.  So delighted they are back.  They use fresh ingredience.  The dishes are perfectly seasoned. The portions seem bigger.  I'd rather have a smaller portion becuse the food is so good I want to eat the whole dish in one sitting.  The ginger fish and Carondelet shrimp are a must try.  So is the fried calamri.  Lightly battered crunchy little morsels perfectly accompanied by a sweet and sour dipping sauce.  Can't wait to go back.This was the most disgusting "Thai" food I have ever eaten. Both the dipping sauce for the fresh rolls and the sauce for the "Pad Thai" smelled and tasted exactly like orange cough syrup. I have never had to throw out an entire meal before.  Do not eat here.This is my favorite place to eat Thai food. The owners and staff are all very friendly and nice. They treat me like family when I am there to eat. 
Everything I have had to eat is delicious, and I'm trying to get something new each time!
Will keep going back! Need to try the whole menu!!Very close to our hotel on Baronne street! It was a great find. Tasty Thai cuisine and amazing cocktails . Our waitress was lovely and very informative on things to see and do in New Orleans!It's back!!!!  Get excited Nola, my favorite downtown Thai restaurant is back.
We all love living here with our rich history and culture and all.  Until our rich history means that the building next door literally collapses in the middle of the night on the Thai restaurant you have come to love and adore.  
Singha Thai didn't let that stop them though. After more than a year, they have reopened at a location a few blocks away (in hopefully, a more stable building code environment).  
This is a small operation churning out nice Thai food at a very reasonable price. I'm madly in love the the cashew chicken and would eat it every single day if others weren't so judgmental.
If you're in a hurry, call ahead 10 minutes before you arrive and they will have the food waiting for you. Super friendly staff that move fast to get you your food.The two stars is for delicious food both times and a good experience one of those times.
The three missing stars is for one of their servers being a d*ck. I am a generous tipper, literally always 20% or more. Only once in my life before have I tipped less than 20%, and today for the first time ever I tipped 0.
I can deal with curtness every step of the way, I can deal with waiting a long long time for our credit cards to be picked up (even though it's lunch hour and the place wasn't that busy), but I will not deal with unnecessary condescension. The last thing you want when you walk into a restaurant to give them your money is to be spoken to like an idiot or a child.
I was so pissed I considered writing "Theeeere we go" (the condescending phrase he used) on my bill next to my zero tip, but that was a little too far.
Hopefully, the guy actually gives a sh** and was just having a bad day, it happens. But I'm not going to go back and find out.This looks like a pack of dry ramen noodles not the quality pad Thai noodles I'm used to seeing in this city. Yuk!I ordered green curry from here it was bland and very runny. I'll order from suko thai next time never Had bad curry from there. I will say it came out in a timely manor and the staff is very friendlyThis is my favorite Thai place! We have been coming here sunce the old location. The food is amazing. Hot and fresh! The smells and flavors are mouth watering. The male server was lacking in politeness but the older female server was amazing. She was so welcoming and nice. The sake is extra strong! We ordered the spring roll appetizer, it was sooo good! Then I had Basil chicken with sticky rice. My husband had the fried hard noodles. He said they were good too! Calamari was basic and served with sweet chilli sauce. Overall we LOVE it!I soooooo wanted to like this place after reading such great reviews. I've been stuck nights working out of my hotel room, and this place is right across the street, so I was looking forward to something better than room service or pizza. 
I ordered crispy spring rolls and pad thai with chicken. Came out fairly fast, but once I was back in my room with my sweats on and ready to eat, I discovered they left out the sauce for the rolls, which was really needed, since the rolls tasted like they went from the freezer to the fryer--definitely not fresh made. The pad thai tasted like it had been mixed with a watered down sriracha sauce; I've never had spicy pad thai. Definitely not a fan. It was clearly not the typical (and much beloved) sweeter version we all know and love. No veggies in it, either, except for 3 limp 1-inch cuts of green onion. No bean sprouts, onions or anything. Just noodles in that weird sauce, tons of dry chicken, also in that weird sauce, a couple pieces of egg (I hope that was egg), and peanuts. 
I was already settled in to eat and work, so I went ahead and ate it, but man, what a disappointment.Not too bad. Nothing to write home about but have great vegetarian and vegan options. Staff was very friendly and accommodating as well.ITS BACK! Im so happy Singha opened back up (in a new location). The old place came to a pretty dramatic end when renovations on a building nearby collapsed on to their building, thankfully at night when no one was in the restaurant. All downtown workers that day went to work a little sadder knowing that our beloved Singha was no more. 
Now its back! New location, same good food. Is it out-of-this-world awesome Thai? No. But its pretty darn good, and its a nice change from salads and sandwiches for lunch. Their pad thai is really good, and they are pretty flexible about changing up their dishes for dietary accommodations... I dont like meat they are cool with subbing in tofu or shrimp for most meals. 
They also do catering for lunch meetings. Ive used them several times and the food was delivered on time and correctly. Yay Singha!I wanted Sukho Thai on the other end of the FQ, but my dining companion didn't want to walk that far. Next time I will hold my ground (and call us a cab).I ate here for lunch 3 days in a row while I was attending a workshop at the hotel across the street. My food was so good the first day that I decided to go back and try other items. The staff was very nice and welcoming. They do not have sweet tea, which is a disappointment.Ordered two dishes from Uber eats and they were both revoltingly sweet. If you are over eight years old and not into sugar based meals, avoid this place. Such a waste of money and ingredients.One of the best Thai food places I have been in Nola. I used to eat at there old location before the building caved in. It took about a few months but they were able to get to a new location and the food was even better. If you are ever in town make sure you stop by this place for the awesome Thai food!Had the pad thai with tofu and chicken. Taste was good, nothing out of this world, but still pretty solid. I would not hesistate to recommend the place as a quick, decent, thai place for lunch or dinner.Absolutely 5 stars-from the food, to the service, to the decor, this place is fabulous. The portions are dinner sized at lunch, our sever was kind and just simply gracious. Cant wait to go back again!Met a friend here for lunch and had a pretty good meal.  I had the spring roll to start, which was very fresh and very good.  I also had the royal duck noodle dish, which was also very good.  Good enough that I ate the whole thing.  Definitely a good lunch spot in the CBD.  Service was also quick and friendly.I love their pad Thai and dumplings ....... Everything is very good . The Thai tea is very good . The servers are nice .. The food came out very fast ...I eat out or order out a few times a week. This is the first negative review I've ever left anyone. This was by far the worst meal I've had in the city. The meat in the pad Thai tasted old and spoiled, had to spit it out. Completely inedible. I called the restaurant and they didn't even bother to attempt to rectify the situation.Amazing flavors the food is excellent I would refer anyone and everyone. Can't wait to come back, guess it's a good thing I live across the street.This is probably one of the best Thai restaurants I've been to. Their curries are amazing such as the Panang and pineapple... I'd come here again for sure.Nice place. Our second time here and again we enjoyed the food. The teapot is cute. 
Make a stop here whenever you're in the area.I've eaten here quite a few times for lunch since I work in the CBD. Today we had them cater a lunch for us and I cannot even begin to describe how delicious their Mango Shrimp salad was. It was so good and fresh! 
Plus they delivered on time and their delivery person helped me set all the food out for our meeting. Thanks!Tom Kha soup was very good, a little on the thick side but very flavorful. I got the basil sauce with chicken, served over white rice. It was spice but very good. Service was excellent and the place appeared very clean.This was my first experience with Thai food, and it was incredible!  The spring rolls were the best ever and the calamari was lightly breaded and not the least bit greasy. Best I've had anywhere. I had ginger curry with chicken which was amazing. Just the right amount of heat, with crisp, fresh vegetables. The staff were so sweet and attentive. I enjoyed this so much more than the grungy tourist attraction restaurants. My husband works in NO and visits here often. I would definitely want to come again.