Locally owned place on the heart of magazine street. The food is absolutely amazing. Definitely post partying/hangover/guilt free food! Give it a try after a night out in town.It's like a semi fast food semi restaurant. I only had a cheeseburger and milkshake which was really good but I'm only giving them 3 stars because I keep comparing their cheeseburgers with New Orleans hamburger and Seafood co who makes the best cheeseburgers. It's still good but i would stop at the other place too :/Smash burger is pretty good. 
They have TONS of different options - from pre-determined combos to build your own. 
I got mine with guac last night - YUM! It was great. They also over avocado slices, and I like that you can get either. 
The girl taking my order was SO NICE and awesome. She was great. 
The smash fries taste delicious - garlic and rosemary. However, they were oily and soggy - probably were not fried at the correct temperature. The onion rings were great. 
Prices are good, sizes are good. Passed a salad on my way out - they're giant!!!!Solid burger.  Especially from a chain.  Smash fries are great.   Hagen Daz milk shakes.  Yes pleaseI absolutely hate giving Smashburger only one star because I have had delicious food and great service in the past. But tonight's experience was bad at best. When I walked in and saw it wasn't crowded I was happy, thinking I'd be in and served quickly. I placed my order with the super friendly cashier and had a smile on my face as I sat down to wait for the deliciousness to ensue. Then I kept waiting. And then waited some more. And then a little while longer. 26 minutes after I ordered, my food finally arrived! The burger seemed to be lacking a little in presentation (the tomatoes and guacamole were not even on the bun), but surely the taste would make up for it. Unfortunately, it tasted like my fries had been ready and waiting for at least 15 minutes. And there's nothing like a bite into a handful of lukewarm fries to start a meal off on the wrong foot. But maybe the burger would be the star of the plate? After a few crunches (yes, crunches) that was clearly not the case. The edges of my burger were literally crunchy and very salty (I guess it took a few extra minutes to go from slightly charred to crunchy, hence the long ticket time). By the time I finished my meal, my fries were cold, and miserably so (and I'm not a slow eater). I would usually consider this to be one of the best "quick" burgers around, but for the time and cost of today's visit, I likely could have gone to a full service restaurant and gotten something of much better quality. Really a shame, but if this is the new normal at Smashburger, it can't possibly last much longer here.Tried this place out as soon as it opened. We took one bite of the burger and threw out the food. it was as if we couldn't drink enough to wash the excessive amount of grease away. It was like everything was thrown in grease that wasn't heated at a high enough temperature and then the top of the burger bun was also given a layer of grease. We haven't been back since.If you prefer a Company Burger style burger than a Port of Call style burger then you'll definitely like this place.  I enjoyed the fries and shake more than the burger unfortunately.  The bread was particularly good on the burger.  The meat seemed fresh.  I don't each much red meat but at the entire burger.Love this place.  Their black bean burger on multi-grain bun might be the healthiest fast-food anywhere.  And darn tasty, too.  Always fresh.  I've ordered their skinny little fries a couple times, too, and always cooked to perfection (I would think they'd be easy to burn, but alas, they do not).
The staff is exceptionally friendly, always smiling.  Clean, bright place.  I'm there regularly.....If you know me, you know I do not try different burger joints at all!! Nothing compares to my local Beach Corner joint. Well I tried this Smashburger place and it was tasty. I've only been twice, and both times was great.
One my last visit, I had a double cheeseburger with bacon on it. The meat cooked perfect. One my first visit, i had fries to go with it but it was not regular fries ( I prefer the regular fries over the fancy fries that were ordered). 
The location is great. Magazine street right where all of the great bars are located. The service is good and the location is impressively clean. 
The only complaint I have with the burgers are, they are very very greasy.Tasty burgers. I had the NOLA burger topped with 2 fried green tomatoes. First bite burnt the S*#@ out of my mouth though. Literally blistered. They need a disclaimer on that particular one, similar to what you see on McDonald's coffee cups. I mentioned it to the server... no apology, just "oh it must have come right out of the fryer". Gee, ya think so! lol. It was good, and I would go back, but will definitely do a finger test of the temp before diving in.Ok, so I used to love Smashburger, but now I avoid it.  I went there about three months ago.  The morning after eating there I felt so weak and nauseous.  I had to cancel going into work.  I'm assuming it was food poisoning/ a bad batch of ground meat.  I have felt fine since then.Was in the mood for a burger to smash with my sisters. We were in the area already so decided to give this place some play. We had no idea of what to do. Stand in line or plant at a table. Walked to the counter greeted by very busy cashiers and servers. Decisions, decisions decisions! Isn't this the beauty of America? In summary, I chose a baja spicy chicken burger. It was average. My sister got something more up my alley. The mushroom melt chicken burger with sweet potato fries. My french fries were not dazzling. They were not better than a fast food spot. I won't blame my bad decisions on my review. I plan on going back to sit ouside again and obviously copy off my sister's order.Fresh food, sweet potato fries and satisfactory service! Enjoy!Soooooooooooo yummmmmmy!!! I always get their black bean burger with various toppings, always good. Milkshakes are very good. A little skimpy with the toppings but if you ask you'll get the perfect amountlove, love, love the burgers!!!!!!!  reallllllllll cheddar cheese!!!!!!  get the haystack onions on the burger!!!  french fries are the best!!!!  have yet to try a malt because i'm usually way too full from the burger and fries.  we are repeat customers and it is nice to walk into a burger joint and the staff knows your name!!  very nice staff!!!Went in a few months ago and just getting around to writing a review.
We walked in around 8PM on a Sunday night. There was one other couple who was finishing up their dinner. We ordered 2 hamburgers and 2 milkshakes. One burger was delivered to our table about 5 minutes before the other one was....which was sitting under the light for a bit until they realized it was ready. The milkshakes didn't make it to the table until about 1/2 of our burgers were eaten....because and I quote "We didn't have any straws". 
ALL THIS while the workers were chatting up with a friend. Will never go back.Good, fast, consistent and fairly priced. That's all I ask! I usually get one of the burgers, which are good. On the last visit I got a chicken sandwich, made Chik-Fil-A style with just pickles. It was delicious and rivaled Chick-Fil-A. Smash sweet potato fries were yummy. I also tried the Nutty Butty shake. It was too sweet. I've had their other flavors of shakes and it was better. Great place to come for a fast lunch.Good burgers, great fries.  You cant go wrong with a burger here and Ive had several types.  No, its not a gourmet restaraunt burger but it is very tasty.  The only issue, at times, is the cashier service.  They can be standoffish, not very warm.  They need to do some customer service training, scripting, etc.  Other than that, everything is great.Mother of pearl! That was a greasy cheeseburger! Clogged arteries aside, the food here was yummy! You order your food and they bring it out you 5-10 mins later and enjoy! I had a cheeseburger and smash burger fries which have garlic and something else (can't remember what!) on them, but they were delicious- not soggy! We also had the fried onions which were really good as well. I got the smaller sized burger which filled me just fine (and I am a big eater), so I can't imagine how big the regular sized one is!First time here have Bacon Cheeseburger & Sweet Potatoe Fries delicious nice snd fresh.Nice atmosphere for lunchService was great. Burgers were okay.  Not much on the order of onion rings.  Fries were the best part.One afternoon I was having a craving for a hamburger.  Now, my frequent dining companion does not really care for hamburgers, but the fry menu was enticing enough to intrigue both of us.
I ordered a plain cheeseburger that came out dressed.  FAIL.  However, after removing the extra "stuff" the flavor of the burger was exactly what I was looking for... you know... grilled BEEF.  The rosemary fries are always a refreshing twist on the old favorite, and I you can't go wrong with a hand dipped Oreo milk shake.  I love that they bring out the metal cup with that tiny bit extra that won't fit in the glass.
So, yes, Smashburger is a chain, and yes they screwed up my order, but in the end it hit the spot.  I don't do the burger and fries thing often, but at least I know where I can go next time it comes up.Great fries and rings, but you can only get your burger cooked well done "for health reasons!"  My friends, if you don't have more faith in your product then you have to nuke it to keep from getting the customers sick, your in the wrong business!Loved every bite! It's always packed and noisy but if you can deal with that its great place to dine.Smashburger is the epitome of what a 3 star joint is. Quick, affordable and always not your first choice but not let down when you end up there. Burger On.Wow. Hadn't been here in awhile and boy has it changed. This place is DIRTY!!! Dirty tables everywhere; had to search for a place to sit in a mostly empty dining area. Floors are filthy - trash, napkins and food all over the floor. Dining chairs have food residue on them. Staff was friendly. Kitchen staff clowning around, yelling and are pretty unprofessional. Wish I would have taken a look around before ordering and paying. Had I read the previous reviews I would have made another choice. Burger and fries were good. Needs better management.It's a relatively new place, so it's clean. Very friendly staff, smiling happy people.
THE FOOD:
Ok, you can build your own burger here, the patty was tasty, multi grain bun was good, 
I added onion, lettuce, tomato, mustard and ketchup. Kind of a standard burger. It was really good. Smashtots are tater tots....always a good choice.
My lady also had a build a burger with pickle, onion, spinach, avocado, and chipotle sauce. I took a bite and really liked that also. She enjoyed the fries also.
Overall, I was kind of surprised that we liked it.I've seen reviews comparing smashburger quality to other places uptown and I think you've missed the mark. The burgers are juicy and flavorful, not to mention made from never frozen 100% black angus. Where else can you get that for around $6? 
So far I've had about 5 different burgers here and they are all very good just as they are listed on the menu. You can also design your own burger. The regular fries are hit or miss depending on how busy they are. If the restaurant is packed, don't get the fries. The other sides are AWESOME! Sweet potatoe fries, fried pickles and haystacks were all great. Some guy thought they were onion rings on here.
The shakes are amazing. They're made with Hagen Daz icecream, I think. My favorite is the salty caramel but the waitress told me it's going away soon. 
Speaking of the waitress... the staff is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. They are a little loud, but it's a burger joint so it's fun to hear the kitchen staff yelling things in their own lingo.
Final conclusion: This place is very worth it for the price and way above McDonald's/Burger King league. I recommend it and think it will be a great addition to the uptown restaurant scene.I was not impressed with Smashburger. I figured I'd give it a try since it's so close to my apartment, but I regret not going the extra distance to a better burger place. 
I got the "NOLA" burger, which comes topped with a fried green tomato and creole mustard. It was nowhere near as good as it sounded.
 It's as though they literally smashed the burger. It was flat like a fast food cheeseburger, the bun was so soggy, the lettuce was completely wilted and starting to turn brown. I figured I'd might as well try to eat it (broke and hungry sacrifice) and when I took my first bite, it was full of paper. A receipt to be exact, for another order, in my burger. The bite of meat I did get was extremely dry. I'm not much of a fast food person, but would have preferred a McD's dollar menu burger over the one I was given.
But, on a positive note, the Smash Fries were pretty tasty. A little too greasy, but still well seasoned.Being a huge Burger fan I rushed at the opportunity to try this new spot on one of my favorite streets out. One thing that struck me as odd is that they have different burger choices, but the menu doesn't do a good job or a job at all of distinguishing the differences, at least not when you're standing in line looking at the menu board. What I mean is when I went I had never been to a Smashburger so I didn't know the difference between a NOLA burger a classic and an All American.
I was tempted to ask the staff but considering how long the line and waits were the staff behind the counter was a bit rushed and I overheard someone in front of me ask the same question and get a rushed unclear answer.
I'm willing to forgive that however. I was overall pleased with the burger......I got the NOLA burger. It was good, not Earth shattering and IMO not better some other burger places I've had (5 Guys, or even Good Stuff Eatery in DC). 
All in all a good burger place, but nothing extraordinary at least in my humble opinion.The customer service is... terrible. The staff are uninterested, and borderline hostile when trying to order, or ask questions. I've been here three times, with the last two being given wrong orders. I really wanted to like this place, and when right, the burgers are as good as five guys, if not better. I just wish the staff gave a damn.I like Smashburger. Won't go so far as to say I love it or that it's spectacular, but it's cool with me. Every now and then I get a hankering for a Smashburger and I head down Magazine Street to get my fix.
I've never ventured from the standard Smashburger and Smashfries. They're both solid. A step up from a true fast food joint like McDonald's or Wendy's, but not quite on the level of my all-time fave, Five Guys.Good food right here, freshly made burger with a wonderful bun, and awsome smash fries!After waiting 25 minutes for one milkshake, I was hoping the quality of the shake would make up for it and maybe push this experience to two stars. However, the chocolate oreo milkshake was one of the most disappointing milkshakes I have had (and I've had a lot of milkshakes). 
I entered the store to no line and two employees chatting behind the counter and assumed this would be a quick in-and-out after-dinner dessert. Despite this fact, it took ten minutes for one of the employees to even make a shake, which was for a customer two shake orders in front of me. 
Even though it was made with real ice cream, the shake itself was chalky (like when you have too much protein powder in your smoothie) and did not taste anything like chocolate nor oreos. I kept sipping hoping that it would get better, but I threw it out after a few sips when I sadly realized it was only tasting more and more like powder.Great food here! We had the Truffle burger and the BBQ Bacon burger. Both cooked perfectly. Don't always love shoestring fries, but these were excellent. Fried pickles had a different taste- I loved them, my husband- not so much. The girl taking our order was sweet and got everything right- good experience from start to finish. First visit- certainly not the last. Now officially fat and happy!third time at smashburger is my last time at smashburger. Long wait for grilled chicken and veggie burger...got smashburger instead of veggie and waited again. Everything was over salted to the point of being unpleasant. Somebody has a heavy hand or it is getting salted twice. Drank a ton of water once home..lips burning from the salt. The workers here are all too friendly with each other. Whilst ordering, Antoine, our order taker would not look at us and was carrying on a conversation with a co-worker instead of uttering anything to us. The woman wiping down tables is very friendly but the disgusting rag that she is wiping every ketchup bottle with needs to be thrown in the laundry bin. It still seemed dirty and had that dirty smell, the outside around the door area hadn't been swept in weeks and there is now a nice greasy trail that leads to their already filthy trash cans. Simple daily cleaning would go a long way. I no longer like smashburger.Smash Burger offers good, if predictable burgers. It is important to bear in mind that it is closer to fast-food in style than a gourmet burger joint. This is evinced by the fact that, instead of ordering a thicker patty to get more food, you need to either order a double patty or an additional burger.  However, the burgers are still of substantially better quality than you get from McDonald's or Burger King, but don't expect a half-pound of cooked-to-order angus or filet. 
For what it is, Smash Burger is good. The prices are about what you'd expect, perhaps a little high but not "hamburger on a silver platter" prices you get at the gourmet joints. It is what it is.Enjoyed the food.  Kinda pricey tho.  Loved the buns, the fried pickles were exceptional.  The tea was very good.  The fries ok, dont care for the small stringy fries tho.  Good ambiance, fast, friendly service, clean.I only go here because my kids like it. They upped the price of the kids meal and have not updated the chalkboard menu. I pointed it out and they were dismissive and unconcerned. It's only $.20 but it would be nice if they cared.An excellent burger at a very reasonable price! I love the variety that Smashburger offers, burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, milkshakes and tasty sides. I really think that's what I appreciate most. You can please almost everyone in a group from their menu, unlike some other places that also specialize in burgers. I think Smashburger will gain a following and carve out its own niche between high-end and average places that seem to be popping up everywhere.What's not to like? Smashburger is a locally owned burger joint in NOLa, serving up burgers and chicken (grilled or fried) with fries and shakes.
You order at the counter, dine-in or take-out. You are given a number and a cup. Fill up your drink! BAM! Go sit at a table! BAM! That's a good song on the radio! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH! Your burger is already done! BAMMM!
OOOOOhhh this burger is goooood. (I like the BBQ, Bacon, Cheddar burger. It comes with a stack of onion rings). Get the rosemary fries. Hell, grab a shake. YOU DESERVE IT.
They are giving out $2 off coupons this month. This means you get to come back and save money while you fill up your gut. YESSSS!!!!!Food was mediocre, no place too sit. Noisy. Lots a kids Not worth the trip .Smash burger is a consistent choice for Burgers, Fries and a Shake. The quality is always good. It is a chain that is run well and the service is predictable. It does not have the "focus" of Company Burger or the "variety" of Phil's. I always get a classic Smash Burger, Regular Fries (the are shoestring and awesome) and a Shake. The shakes are hand made and always come with extra! Give this place a try if you are in the area and want a burger, fries and shake.This place is very 3-star. Everything is very good, but not amazing. It's definitely a welcome addition to the block as I'd probably still prefer eating here over most of the other restaurants directly around it.
I do want to note that the service was great here! It's basically a fast food joint, but some of the wait staff circled the restaurant making sure we were happy and had everything we needed. They messed up my burger order, but were very quick to fix it (actually, the waitress was on her way back to fix it because I think she realized the kitchen had made it wrong).
This is a great place, and I'm glad it's here. However, if you're just going off of food quality, Company Burger and Truburger are definitely a step above.Order at counter, be served at table. Just back from my second visit here.
Concept (to me, "gimmick") is to assemble your own from bewildering list of choices, all at extra cost.
Good meat, good cheese, good bread; not overcooked.  
A great start.
Small O-rings, properly cooked, no excess batter on them.
Shake?  No, sorry, machine out of service.  Out of choices, I reluctantly chose the "organic" whole milk.  Only to turn and find several canisters of very good-looking site made teas.  Oh well, next time.
Anything more?  Sure, how about some bread-n-butter or sweet pickles?  No way, it's dill or nada.  No regular hot sauce.  In NEW ORLEANS !  OK, I've got some Cajun Chef in my Jeep.
Sadly, this is life "Uptown" today.  A few years ago, we had a bunch of great cheeseburger choices.  Now, it's "Down the Hatch", best of the bunch, most of the time.  Or, Houston's much better, but at a price.  Dino's would be best were it not for parking; with meter-NAZI-maids circling like vultures.
"Charcoal's", the gimmickiest, failed after a spotty run.
Any small town along the coast would have good cheeseburgers, without "concepts".
Hello, we the customers want quality & value, not your concepts or gimmicks !
By September, I'll be back in the "make my own" business, can't wait!
Take your chances !
RickWe were looking for something easy for lunch that offered Gluten Free options.  We were very pleased!
Fast food that didn't taste fast, the fries were fresh and tasty and the gluten free option was outstanding! 
The buns were soft and fresh, the meat was hot and juicy and the service was excellent.  We were very pleased with our visit.Cheese burger was terrific! Fries were also very good.
Much better than McDonald's and the rest. Prices a bit high.I was introduced to Smashburger back in Tulsa. I generally like it however sometimes the service can be inconsistent. One of the benefits of coming here is are the smash fries and the haystack onions. In fact, that is the main reason I keep coming back.
This location is hard to get to unless you're walking or biking. Parking is hard in these parts.Not a fan. When is it ok that a hamburger cut the sides of your mouth? The answer is never. If I would have wanted a flat piece of charred meat I would have cooked this at home and saved my money. Sweet potato fries were ok.For a couple of dollars more do yourself a favor and go somewhere else (company burger) there are countless places that do a better burger in this city.  The Smash Fries are tossed in olive oil and rosemary which actually taste pretty good. The burgers are a step above McDonald's or Burger King and are cooked well done.  I've been here a couple of times and this last time I ordered a fried egg on top. The egg was cooked to death with no run left in the yolk, the whole point of getting a fried egg on top is to impart some creaminess to your burger which Smashburger fails to do.  
Bottom line: Go somewhere else if you are looking to get your burger fix, it will cost around the same amount of money and taste much better.In the rush to open burger places all over NOLA, this place lives up to what it really is--a chain restaurant. The burger was like a glorified Wendy's burger. The bun was an egg bun, and seriously yellow in color. So, I guess the conclusion is that the sandwiches are just so-so.
The onion rings were priced cheaply for the amount served, which is not that much. But they are very thinly sliced, and I'd order them again.
The best thing was the malt, made with Haagen Dazs ice cream. Not only do they give you a tall glass of your malt, but also the stainless steel container with whatever didn't fit into the glass.
The location is good, the place is clean, and the service friendly. For those who want other menu items, there are salads and grilled chicken sandwiches to choose from, and you can either choose a sandwich or salad with their choices of ingredients, or you can built what you'd like.
Good luck to Smashburger! They deserve to succeed.I have been here several times and the only thing negative I have to say about them is - if  you get a salad to go, it won't be nearly as big as it would be if you dined in.
I've eaten here at least ten times in the past 3 months and I have never been disappointed.  I always want to call the 'smash fires' 'slam fries' just because they be slammin'. 
I've never had cool smash fries, I'd advise anyone who orders them to make sure they were freshly fried because they need to be eaten as hot as you can stand it to really  be enjoyed. 'Smash Fires' are sweet potatoes fried in olive oil and seasoned with herbs...mmmm!
My favorite burger is anything Baja Spicy, the burger and chicken are equally satisfying. I've been told the 'Black Bean Burger ' isn't bad either. 
The staff is always nice and friendly.  The decor is open with high-celing and brick walls. The lighting is fine unless you're hiding from someone.
The Vanilla shake is da bomb!
In a pinch - this is where I go to get full and be satisfied....every single time.Good burger and fries..   Continuing my effort to try some of the new burger options that we now have in New Orleans, today I tried Smashburger... The food was good.. burger was tasty and juicy dressed with just the right about of condiments, lettuces and  tomato.  I had the regular fries and i liked them, they are very thin cut and crispy. One other reviewer mentioned that the fries must be eaten hot and there may be something to that. When I first tasted the fries I thought they were great, but by the end of the meal I really didn't want to finish them.  I added the fried egg option to my burger, because Company Burger does that so well, but the egg was overcooked and lacked the runny yolk to mix with the burger juices and make magic in your mouth. So, skip the fried egg at smashburger.
Overall, it is a good place but I won't likely go back.  For me it is just geography since to get to Magazine street I have to practically drive by Company Burger on Freret. However, if you are in the area near Smash on Magazine st., well  there are just so many other places near by to eat that are better.The NOLA Burger was good, but the beef patties are very salty!! The Caramel Milkshake was excellent. The staff are friendly and the tables are cleared quickly and promptly. The atmosphere is very industrial with the stainless steel and concrete set-up like a Chipotle restaurant.My waistline is annoyed over how delicious their burgers are.  Always juicy, and, unlike other fast food places, they've never gotten my order wrong.So freakin gooooood! They need more produce though. ..when we went, they ran out of tomatoes and cucumbers. .but by far delicious! Nothing bad about the taste of the food.Just had my first Smash Burger experience & it was awesome! Service was out of this world & as someone previously in restaurant management that speaks volumes!!! Our food was hot, fresh and so good. The Bbq Bacon Cheddar with the onion straws...omg sooo good. The Cajun fries were out of this world too. I had a Nutter Butter milkshake & it could not have been better! Thanks for a great lunch & keep up the awesome job!!! We'll be back soon!My husband and I have Mondays and Wednesdays off together so naturally, we look for new things to do around New Orleans. Earlier in the week I got a craving for a good burger. I checked out Yelp and other apps like it (plus a word of mouth source helped) and I decided that we would check out Smashburger. We arrived around 6:30 and were impressed with the short line and atmosphere. After ordering (I got the Club Burger with Avacado and added a fried egg, and he got the bacon and cheese burger) we waited only 7 minutes and had out delicious burgers and fried infront of us begging to be devoured. We were very eased with taste and quality. Everything from customer service to taste was above average. I would definitely recommend this place, though my hubby and I are still on the search for best burger in New Orleans.I'd hate to give just an average review of a place, but this really wasn't one of the better burgers that I've had :T
What I DO like, though, is their wide selection choices; different kinds of burgers that you can order, or if nothing is to your particular liking, MAKE YOUR OWN :D! I want to go back to try their array of sides, such as fries, sweet potato fries, haystack onions, fried pickles, etc. (I got the debris fries, which had great potential, but noticeably over-seasoned)
As compared to Phil's Grill, which also has a build your own burger choice, I think Smashburger's actual burger is lacking in flavor, but still juicy nonetheless. However, their fries are definitely better than Phil's (which I was utterly disappointed by).
LOVE the concept; LOVE the prices too ^^
Will I come back? Probably. Will I crave it randomly? Probably not.
P.S. there are many articles in local publications; definitely promising.My visit originally started off very terrible. The food came out in one of the items was not delivered. We waited 20 minutes and the guests came in after us received their food well before I went up to the window to inquire on the food and the staff were super apologetic and rushed to fix the problem. The supervisor made the mistake, but went above and beyond to fix it and was great. It's not a 5 star because the cashier was pushy about bussing the table, she is very new and probably doesn't know any better. My visit was on 10/28/17 @6pm.Ordered online on our way to the restaurant and when we arrived we were told they had just received the order (10 mins after my email confirmation said the order was placed). Waited 30 minutes past the time it was supposed to be ready. Had to ask for our cups to get the drinks we ordered. I will not be visiting this location again. Incredibly slow and unapologetic.Definitely prefer company burger over smash burger . The workers here just do not care and it shows. I came in and we were the only customers and the girl behind the counter had us wait because she was making a milkshake for her self. When i realized the coke was out i let them know and she just frowned at me. The food is ok but the service isn't worth it.Clean up outside of your establishment!
It's disgusting - and we take pride in our neighborhood. Have more respect for your neighbors and the city of NOLA!I'm so glad there is a Smash in NOLA. I love how they have a specialty buger for each major city they are located it! I just wish they had torta rolls so my main squeeze can get his San Diego burger. But I love the fried green tomatoes on the NOLA burger so I don't miss the SD burger too much. And the fries are crispy & delish. And you can get free dipping sauce like ranch or chipotle. Yummay!After two weeks of transitioning to new healthy life style, I decided to take a break. Smashburger was a great break decision. I ordered a jalapeño Baja burger, spicy buffalo fries (free with survey), and a vanilla shake. The burger was yummy and the shake was great. The fries were a bit salty for my liking so I will never order them again. I will go there again, but not just for the food. Ryan, the store manager, took my order and made everything super easy because he has had everything on the menu. He was also very happy to be there and assist me.I came in on a Sunday at 9pm to get the spinach cucumber goat cheese salad but was told they put up all the salad items away.  An hour before closing.  II thought the full menu was available throughout business hours.  Very disappointing!!!Really good burgers and the smash fries were delicious. My husband had a burger with blue cheese and I created my own. The prices are good too. It cost about 20.00 for both.First, the food was good. Really really good. I don't expect it was very healthy, but if you're going in there looking for tofu burgers and soy shakes then you're pretty badly off-course.
Secondly, there isn't any actual smashing involved. At all. They don't whack the burgers, they don't "mash" the potatoes. Nobody drops anything, nobody's making any Hulk jokes. There aren't any percussive impacts of any kind, which makes me a little sad.
I spent my whole time there just waiting to see if there was maybe something that'd trigger a Smash Event. Y'know, someone says the magic word of the day, or says its their birthday, and suddenly the whole staff yells "SMASH TIME!" and descends upon each other with big foam hammers or something. But no.
Sigh.This a typical spot for me. Their flavor and service cannot be duplicated. "Matt" took great care of everything, any requests were met pretty promptly. I will be back!!!It was a very tasty burgar and fries ..... Friendly employees and clean business ........ It was a little hard to find a parking spaceI dont know why all the mediocre reviews, I found Smashburger to be pretty good. Stick with the regular burger because the other burgers are too big for consumption. The fries with rosemary and olive oil are ok though the olive oil does make them a bit too greasy. The best menu item is really the chicken sandwich, especially the baja spicy. Overall yes they dont compete with Company Burger or Yo Mamma's but if your on magazine looking for a burger or chicken sandwich, this is not a bad option.It was awesome for the quality and the price.  
They are not just a hamburger joint.  They have plenty of choices from grilled chicken burgers to black bean and veggie burgers along with salads and heavenly haggen daz shakes.  The sides are great too.  The only thing I would add to the menu is a loaded baked potato.  to rival Port o Call's.  
 The staff was great.  From the cashiers to the  waitress's always there to refill my glass for me and the owner is a nice helpful man striving to make a better product for a good price.
  I will definitely be going back.Worst burger joint I have ever been in my life. I have been to Smashburger on Magazine 2 times. Both times they messed up my order when I repeated myself exactly what I wanted. I said absolutely no sauce and cheddar cheese. They put the worst sauce ever on the chicken and my leasr favorite cheese in the world, blue cheese. They fries taste like they have sat there for hours.
It was 9 dollars for a burger and fries. Need i say more?Pretty darn tasty burgers, although for the price, I could probably get more of a similar quality of food elsewhere. I like the hand-spun Haagen-Dasz shakes, especially the salted caramel flavor. The haystack onions are tasty, too. I had to stop going here, though, when I developed a serious addiction to the debris fries. Although I could go and not get the debris fries, it's not good for my recovery to be in an environment where debris fries are so readily available.This was the best burger and fry combo I had in a very long time. I ordered the BBQ Bacon Cheddar. DELICIOUS!!!!!  My wife had the spicy Baja Smash and that was pretty. We shared the Debris Fries and they were AMAZING. I will be coming back here when I visit home again. Time for Jazz Fest now.The burgers aren't as good as they were before. No flavor. Just a bland burger. The fries were great.  I won't be going back. Charcoals burgers are way better and more customizable.Smash Burger is good, but this review is really about the woman working there today. You never expect wonderful service from a fast food joint, but the girl working the counter was amazing. 
I was picking up a to go order, and during my wait I saw her expertly handle a difficult customer in a graceful and professional manner. She was respectful and understanding when she spoke to the kitchen staff, and she didn't stop multitasking and moving the entire time. Basically she was really nice and good at her job. I think she deserves to be recognized for that.Well, this is a chain burger place but I have to admit I really like this place. The burgers are pretty good as are the smash fries. They have Hagen Daz shakes which are quite good. Food comes out very fast. The place gets crowded pretty quickly for lunch.went to smashburger after a not so great charcoals experience. Not sure what to expect since I know it is a chain and it looks it from the outside. Upon entering were greeted by the counter person..cheerily. We figured out the menu and ordered..it all went swimmingly. Food arrived promptly and we were very happy indeed. Basic smashburger proved excellent..juicy..messy and delicious, vanilla shake ditto..
the smashburger fries tasted great but were very very greasy, not sure if they dump olive oil on these along with the rosemary, but it sure didn't need it. I had to blot mine with a napkin. That was the only off-putting part and we will order the reg. fries next time. Eating this made me remember when all burgers were like this..in the olden days of the 70's and 80's..So...I found myself in need of a burger fix, and blocked by Mardi Gras parades from my preferred haunts, so I took my own advice and stopped in. Second visit was about a month after my first visit.
And the food on my second visit was substantially more impressive! Maybe I just made better choices, or maybe they cooked it better or presented better...who knows? But I dig the Spicy Baja Burger with the fresh jalapeños and enough lettuce and tomato to make a side salad--though eating it with the burger sure makes it go down better. And, I gotta say, I am a fan of the Debris Gravy Fries with Cheese. No...there's no chance it's good for you, but it sure tastes good. 
Next time, though, I'm going to ask to skip the Prudhomme blackening seasoning on the debris fries because it's just too much salt. The gravy and regular fries are salty enough I'm sure.