I stopped into this place after one of my Sunday brunch favorites was closed. I came in not knowing what to expect. When I walked in I immediately fell in love with the ambiance. It seemed like a chill spot and it was empty at the time. That was great for me because I was looking for a place to grab some brunch and read. I had looked at the menu beforehand but when I got inside I was surprised at the cheap prices. Especially in New Orleans where food can be very pricey depending on where you go. Just based off the price of the food alone I knew this was a place I would be returning to. I ordered the pancake platter and it was delicious. It wasn't anything too fancy, in fact, it tasted like something I would cook at home. I definitely left satisfied. I I will be returning to taste their other menu items. They also have a bar and sell Frozen Daiquiris.I ordered a cheeseburger to go. There were some potatoes with bacon and cheese sitting behind the counter waiting to go out to a table so I made reference to them stating that I would like potatoes like those instead of fries. When I got back to my friend's house and opened my container there was no bacon or cheese on the potatoes. Remember, I pointed and said I want mine like that. I'm not sure how that mess up occurred. I lifted the top bun off of my burger to have a look. I was very disappointed. The tomato was half on the burger and half hanging off. It was a small tomato and there was one teeny tiny piece of wilted lettuce. This burger was thrown together as if I was in a drive thru ordering from a dollar menu someplace. Well in was hungry so I took a couple of bites. Something wasn't right. So I lifted the meat off of the bun. The bottom bun was burnt! And it tasted burnt! The whole order was unacceptable. This was not my first visit. The very first time I came I ordered the special and there was an issue with getting my food brought to my table. So I'm not sure if I will return. Very disappointing.From burgers to waffles to onion rings to the service everything is good. Another gem in the east wit not enough popularityOh my GOODNESS, you have to come here for the char grilled oysters. I am seriously still thinking about them in all their buttery, parmesany glory. This place is the real deal, everything we had was the bomb, but the oysters are the serious standout. The prices are really good and the portions are huge. The service was questionable but the food made sure that didn't matter. Who cares if your waitress ever comes back to check on you when you have 12 heavenly charcoaly buttery oysters?! I have to eat here again!Smiley's wins with the good vibes, great cooking, and best prices! I can say from my experiences- If you order the omelet with everything on it and add grilled shrimp, you will be sincerely Smiley. And for under $10?! Delicious and affordable!!!Visted this little hidden gem and lets just saying was impressed with the taste and amount of food.  I came during a lunch rush prolly not the best time. We waited a while to get food but i wasn't let down.  I had the fried chicken wings, they were flavored perfect and piping hot all orders are actually cooked when u order. I also had a hot sausage po'boy new orleans classic with Patton hot sausage.  My food was good the price was reasonable the environment wasn't noisy there is a bar and tv around the restaurant only about maybe 8 table tops.  I'll definitely be returning. The staff was friendly as well.Yummy shrimp omelette. Prices right , nice people.
Cool friendly spot to stop for breakfast or lunch   !This place did not have very good service. There was only one waitress and it took 45 minutes to just receive an omelette. My mother's order was also not correct. Would not come back.Overall this food will give you "itis" . :) It was sooo good. My only complaint was the stale tortilla chips with my nachos. Other than that, if you are seeking lemon pepper wings - this is the place for YOU! OMG!!! You smell it and taste it!!! We also ordered the fried shrimp and chicken tenders for the kids.Service was excellent! Wife and I had the shrimp platter. Comes with fresh green salad, seasoned fries and smiley sauce for the dozen fried shrimp. Shrimp were lightly breaded and very tasty!This is a delicious place to eat.  We are in town on a business trip and happened to come across this place.  We were all pleased with our meals.  They were fresh and delicious.  The service was good.  Definitely want to come back.this will be very short.
horrible service but great great food ,which is what keeps me coming back!
also it is a nice atmosphere.Woke up a little later than usual on the off day so we looked for lunch places nearby the house. Smiley's popped up! I wasn't sure due to the location at first but I'm very glad we decided to try it. 
Restaurant was clean and organized. Inviting atmosphere. Our waitress was very sweet and friendly. 
The first bite of my hamburger I was 100% sold on Smiley's! Dang, it was so flavorful and juicy! Seasoned well and cooked perfectly. They even added an egg per my request since I wanted a good hangover burger. 
Everything is beyond reasonably priced. We plan to go back for daiquiris soon!Very quaint little restaurant with a flair of New Orleans. This is comfort food at its best. We had the chicken and waffles, Big breakfast and the Stuffed peppers. Everything was perfect, taste great and too Die for. The Sweet Tea is just like Grandma use to make and will definitely handle your sweet tooth. Great service from the staff & clean place to eat!The food was superb!  I got shrimp PO-boy, my daughter got fried shrimp platter, & my other daughter got a cheeseburger.  The staff is friendly & kept the drinks full. 
My only complaint was the wait time for food. The food was worth the wait, but it took an hour to come out. Don't come if your on a lunch break (call in your order), but great for a leisurely meal where you want to talk w/ friends.What a great Yelp find! The atmosphere was very accommodating and staff just delightful! My husband had a Chicken Omelette and I had the Pancake Platter. Food was hot, and prepared just as we ordered. We will bookmark this place and definitely be backGreat service, great prices and awesome breakfast!! If you want to get off the tourist path, you need to come try out this little joint. Very friendly service. Prices are wonderful and food is fabulous. Will definitely be back to Smiley's when we return to New Orleans.This place is GREAT!  Forget about all those other places, this place is a little hard to find but once you find it, it's good! The red beans and rice are really good they got a lot of meat, a lot of vegetables, and everything is well seasoned. We had the red beans rice sausage and fried chicken tenders 8.95. Shout out to Gerrod!Good people good food excellent service......this is my go to spot when I'm patrolling the area!!Came in on a whim. Wait time was long, but I don't mind if I'm getting food fresh. I ordered the chargrilled oysters and the nachos with shrimp. The oysters were dry. All I tasted was dry Parmesan cheese and the nachos were hard and no flavor at all. My boyfriend had a burger and he liked his. I believe in second chances. So I'll go back and try other items on the menu. The place was small but nice on the inside. Seems like a nice place to go and watch a game and have drinks.Wow!  We had been to visit the PT 305 exhibit nearby and found Smiley's nearby on Yelp.  Great reviews, so we said, "why not?"  So glad we stopped.  The gravy steak special WAS special.  The half salad topped with chopped fried chicken tenders was perfect - tons of moist chicken and homemade croutons.  Both for $13 or so.  They have a bar and since there were 4 of us, they suggested a pitcher of beer instead of 4 separate glasses.  Thank you for that!  Sparkling clean place.  All good.Best kept secret in New Orleans East.  Quaint, small and friendly atmosphere.  The food is consistently good and easy on the wallet.  I'm wishing them much success.Food was great. Service was great. Food took longer than expected to come out. Other than that, it was awesome.We're only in New Orleans for a few days but went today as it was not far to go and I was delighted that we did, great food, friendly service and exceptional customer service - don't hesitate to go to Smileys while in New Orleans, you will definitely be full of 'smileys!' when you leaveI spent 3 weeks in New Orleans; I finally found a Po boy worth writing about.  It was fantastic! And there was a lovely smiling waitress :)I've traveled this road 1000 times & this time we stopped. I must say the food was great & the waitress was amazing. Even though she worked the entire dining room by herself she took special care of us all.. She even bought sample daiquiris for the tableEven industrial neighborhoods need a lunch spot. Great food, great service, great prices. You'll have to be buzzed in the door but once inside, all is well.
When in New Orleans-East, stop by for a bite. I had the Monday special, red beans and rice that comes with two links of grilled sausage and three grilled or fried chicken strips...opted for the fried (don't judge me). The strips were crispy and the beans, well, they wouldn't survive if not done correctly. *The club sandwich across the table looked amazing. 
When in the trenches over that way, don't hesitate to stop by.It took over an hour to get our food and when it came it was not cooked to order.  The waitress had an attitude because we asked for corrections.  The best thing about Smiley's was their restroom!The food here is freaking delicious. My friend had the ribs with macaroni and cheese. Another  friend had a burger. Another friend had fried fish and shrimp. I had the fried chicken delicious. We all loved it. I would have given this restaurant "5" stars but the service sucked! Our waitress was super slow and really seemed to struggle with multitasking. Overall, great food and not so great service. I will definitely be back. I just hope the service is better!Good steak!!! Like you can't beat their steak plate prices! $10 comes with potatoes and garlic bread, you will always wondering, is this really true lollRegular food. Good service. Decent pricing. Nice spot for drinks and watching sports.So this is a real and utterly true post. First off we arrived here at 7:15pm there was only 1 server and she tried really hard so thanks to her. I ordered the rib eye and potatoes the potoes were hard and seem old and discolored. I asked for them loaded they came plain so not only did we wait for over an hour for our meal but my food was luke warm at best. The salads never came until the end when we got our food. There were people in the back office that ate before me and my family did. One person asked for sauce on the side with her tenders and they put the sauce on it. We didn't get our food until close to 8:30 and it wasn't very busy there. I'm not saying don't go here but it was a little slow for me.Probably one of the best places I've ever been to. Everything is so nice. Friendly staff, clean floors, clean tables and clean bathrooms. Had to wait a little bit for the food to be ready but it was Worth the wait. Like the cook said, she has to make sure her food is good and she sure does an awesome job!!This is the perfect place to go and relax if you want to eat and enjoy a football game. For drinkers there is a full bar and even daiquiri machines. For foodies there is a lot to choose from. During crawfish season they serve up crawfish on the weekend. The staff is super nice. You always get greeted with a smile. I can't say enough good things about this place. Love it!I've been here before but today's experience was horrible.  People that came way after us received their order before us.  The waitress just kept saying its coming we are waiting on fries but the ppl after us had fries and a whole fried shrimp platter. its obvious they cant work under pressure or at high volumes.The place is in a great location 
However it's hot and the service is super duper slow , drinks taste like juice and the cook ‍ of the evening tonight has a poor attitude.  I understand you are short staffed this evening as seemingly happening last couple times my family and out of town guests have experienced but there's got to be a happy medium. The food is great but the experience with the hour and a half wait has put a sour taste on repeat business here again !My husband and I are from Houston traveling through and found Smiley's with high reviews. Well, the food was fresh and cooked to order.  The cheeseburger and homemade onion rings were outstanding. Had house salad with fried chicken strips. Done to perfection. All this for $15.  The value was outstanding!!!  Wish we lived close so we could come regularly.Delicious is all you need to know . Friendly staff as well. Told me classmates and they loved it . I had the shrimp platter with fries and side salad. The sauce that went with the shrimp was so good with the fries . The size of the side salad was amazingly large for a side salad and the price was so reasonable for the amount you're given . I gave away shrimp and still had enough to be full . We'll be returning today lol
Just left a good review now I have to change my 5 to a 2 
 The dumb cook Mike kept making orders for the people coming in after us and we had placed our order and hour before we got there and waited an hour and ended up getting a refund and going to Wendy's . Our lunch is only an hour so to have to wait then not be able to eat was disappointing .Charlie the young girl who was a cashier and a server apologized because she said she couldn't control what he does and though I understand it was just upsetting .Awesome homemade Cheeseburger and Onion Rings! Great wait staff, and hands down, best meal for the money!Service is the worst! Takes a long time if you dine in no matter how many people are in the restaurant. Phone orders take a long time because they will have you on hold forever prior to taking your order. Food is ok but it is most certainly not worth the wait, inconvenience and bad customer service. Hope this helps you in selecting your dining experience and hope you have a better one that we've had a few times at Smiley's. We kept trying to patronize their business and was making excuses for the service just to continue to eat there but enough is enough...The food was absolutely delicious. So far one of my favorite spots to eat in NOLA. As a tourist you don't know but ask the locals. Great customer service and very clean. I enjoyed myself and can't wait to eat again.Terrible experience last visit. Took nearly an hour to get our order and it wasn't right or hot. Waitress was great and totally swamped. Kitchen totally mismanaged. Manager/Owner apathetic. Well he did say he was so sorry and gave us a $3.65 discount on a $26 tab. But he didn't intervene w the kitchen and get our order straight. Last 5-6 prior visits were fine. This one was so unpleasant we won't be back. Too bad. We do our best to support local small business, especially in Gentilly.Good food, good service, good prices.  Just go and see for yourself.  We are only in New Orleans for a week and have eaten here twice so far and are considering breakfast tomorrow.  We both had shrimp po-boys the first visit, and we both had burgers and onion rings the second visit.  Delicious!We came in from out of state for the weekend and needed a quick, affordable place to get some food and recover from a night out....This place exceeded our expectations! Breakfast was phenomenal, great value for your money and so delicious. Plus, service was great, our waitress was very friendly! 10/10 would come again :)This place trash ... waited 40 mins for a breakfast order then given a BS excuse as to why the cook prepared other customers orders prior to mine when I entered and was waiting before them. Just unprofessional... better off going to Rouse's and preparing your own food at the house. Will never return mainly due to the BS response I received from workers as to why it took 40 plus minutes to make eggs, bacon, hash browns, and a slice of toast. Un-fucking believableI would like to give it more stars because the food, once we all finally recieved our food, it was delectable. Be prepared for your party's food to be delivered at separate times. We also had several mistakes with our meal. Overall we were there for over an hour trying to get lunch. We appreciated the fried and grilled options. The server was friendly and seemed truly apologetic, even though our drinks were never refilled, but none of that will help me understand why we never got the gumbo, which should be an item that's easy to dip up and serve. Again, if you can spare an hour or two, it may be worth it to have some really tasty food; I'm not sure it'll be worth it for me to go back though.Today was my first day coming here for their loaded fries. I'm highly disappointed because all the reviews of this place was so good and their fries looked good asl. But to my surprise it was a disaster !! They are not sanitary !!! Only one person was wearing a hair net and the person who did have it on had her curls all outside the net working the grill. One of the other workers was butchering the gloves and throwing the extras on the non sanitary table were people's food was. She was also touching all on the gloves before putting them on defeating the purpose of wearing them !!!! The chairs at the bar were all ripped up and there was only 2 chairs ! So I had to stand the entire time waiting !! I only ordered an order or loaded fries with a cessation salad and I had to wait 30 fucking minutes !! Just for a salad that they didn't even need to prepare and these cold ass fries. Never again I'll stick to we dats and their fries ! Because their fries were cold when I got them. So cold that the cheese and other stuff was dried on top of the fries !! I'm pulling the fries up and the cheese and shit is all stuck together and not sticking to the fries. HORRIBLE NEVER AGAIN !Three people eating full breakfast w coffees for 20 dollars? And great food on top of that? Yeah this is a gem of a find and highly recommended. Try the pancake platter and omelette.Highly recommend. Calm and laid back atmosphere. You can see into the kitchen, which I always like. Very friendly staff. Diverse menu - think along the lines of a classier Waffle House? Burgers, chicken strips, breakfast foods, etc. Everyone's meal was excellent.I've been living 5 min away and never knew about this place until I saw someone raving about it in IG.   The prices were great, it was very clean. I had a well seasoned ribeye for $10.   I will definitely be back.This is probably one of the worst experiences I've had ever and the worst while here in New Orleans. I tried the big breakfast with terrible hot sausage. The sausage tasted like a cheap patty you'd find in a cheap diner. Fast food patties tasted better. The service was horrible as well. The server brought my food and never checked on me again to even see if I was happy with my meal. I also ordered the orange juice and I was give a Tropicana bottle that tasted like it had been sitting for months. Terrible is an understatement for this establishment. I recommend you stay clear if breakfast is what you are looking for. I can't speak for the lunch/dinner but I can't imagine it being any better.I guess they were having a tough night when we visited.  My husband ordered a fried fish and shrimp basket and he said the shrimp had a metallic taste while the fish was bland and mushy.  I ordered BBQ wings but they came out so hot I was sure they had been dipped in Buffalo sauce, and i was given plain fries instead of the sweet potato fries advertised as part of that basket.  
They also got both our salads wrong. I asked for no onions and my husband asked for no cheese.  Both contained what we asked to be eliminated and my salad had a lot of black, mushy leaves.  Once remade, they were okay. 
Lastly, it took nearly an hour to receive our order.  
Sad, as the reviews were good.My favorite breakfast spot! Delicious food, clean friendly environment. the prices are amazing as well!Average diner food with a lot of seasoning. The restaurant was very busy so the service was a little slow.On vacation in New Orleans. Went for breakfast.. the food was very very good.. only problem... we waited way way too long for eggs... it was not pleasant . Plus for some reasons the owner had to buzz us in?? Don't understand why.. not a great selling point at allBeen coming to this place for years, but I stopped coming due to the customer service. The servers attitudes are terrible. So a year later I decided to try them again in hopes of the service being better and to my surprise the servers are still filled with attitudes and don't have a clue what good service is. So I won't be returning again because it's obvious this business don't mind servers with bad attitudes.Wow what a great place. My wife and I are in town for a cruise and wanted to get brunch before we boarded the ship. We found this place by looking for affordable breakfast -- affordable gets you in the door but the service and food will keep us coming back every time we are in town!! The waitress was exceptional and the food quality was great. Obviously, we had breakfast food. The dinner menu looked amazing, too. We'll be back next month for a few days and we will definitely eat dinner here.If you order for pickup and is told your order will be 20 minutes, double the time frame.  On two occassions, my pickup order has taken over an hour.  Last time, no apology.  Despite the wait, as usual, the food was very good.We went there for breakfast on a recent trip to New Orleans. The stickers on the table said to order through the waiter app so we started an order. A pending charge appeared on my credit card and the app said waiting approval. No one acknowledged that we had come in and sat down. While waiting my husband poured us a cup of coffee and while doing so another customer came in and asked someone behind the counter about ordering and was told to order at the counter. Still no acknowledgement that we were even there. We paid for the coffee and left. Parking lot is a nightmare and the location is horrible. I'm thinking we were the wrong color to interest them in our business.It was highly recommended to try Smiley's because I wanted Chargrilled oysters. Once I arrived, there was no one to greet us at the door. So we stood at the front counter looking like a fool for about 5 minutes lol. Then we were told to have a seat, the waitress was nice and told us she will be right back... well that took a good 20 minutes. When she came back I ordered the oysters and I was told they were out of oysters. I was very disappointed at that point, but I stayed optimistic because I was starving. So I order the fish and shrimp and that literally took 1 hour to receive. The cooks were so focused on Togo orders and laugh at what ever was on his cellphone at the time. Meanwhile every table was waiting for food at one point while Togo orders were flying out the door. Also once I received my basic fish and shrimp plate after and hour of waiting. The fish had a nerve to be under cooked, and I had to literally spit it out.Great place for a bite to eat or a daquiri  on Downman! Service is great and the owners are a class act!Would rate 0 stars if possible. From being served a steak with plastic cutlery to waiting 30 mins for food in an empty restaurant to being abandoned by the server while making repeated requests for the same thing: "acknowledgement of my existence." I will never eat here again and recommend you never do either. Save yourself the grief of literally being locked in the seating area: they have a magnetic lock on the door that automatically engages when the door shuts in violation of fire code. Eat anywhere else. Anywhere.The food is really BOMB!!! U guys gotta try it; the service was great and the food was greater.The food was very tasty  but not worth the over an hour wait to eat they seemed way more focused on Togo orders than dine in not impressedThe waiter was wonderful and we could tell she was frustrated but the service was horrible! We waited almost an hour just to get a salad and another 30 mins to get the rest of our food. The food wasn't even good and our whole experience was horrible.This is my go to spot on the regular. I have yet to be let down. From the steak and loaded potatoes, to the waffles and chicken, to the BBQ wings, etc... I love all of it. Highly recommend.The food was AMAZING, and the staff was ALL incredibly friendly. The cooks were proud of their work and every single person working made us feel right at home. Absolutely will be visiting again.I love the convenience of the location. There isn't many eateries in New Orleans East. Their turkey burger is sooo good. Smileys Grill is a gem.What a great spot for good food. The place isn't very welcoming but the food is good, fast and affordable. I usually get the steak and potatoes which is about $11, can't beat that.Great Breakfast and Brunch place, the food was amazing and the service was wonderful. I highly recommend this for anyone who loves breakfast. Definitely coming again!!I stopped in to meet someone ,however after seeing their food I decided to try some for myself. I ordered a cheese burger combo which was huge, well seasoned, and well priced. I will definitely return and recommend to my family and friends.Hidden gym of New Orleans East, came here for the first time for a fish and shrimp plate, cause you know we gotta have our seafood on Fridays, and I was surely satisfied! $11.95 (plus tax) is a good price and you get tail on shrimp! My favorite! It comes with fries and a drink and a nice sized, individually packed side salad (House or Caesar). I also got the Smiley lunch rum punch and it's got a kick to it! The bartender added an extra kick. Inside atmosphere is at home and relaxed. Can't believe it took me this long to come check it out!Hidden gym of New Orleans East, came here for the first time for a fish and shrimp plate, cause you know we gotta have our seafood on Fridays, and I was surely satisfied! $11.95 (plus tax) is a good price and you get tail on shrimp! My favorite! It comes with fries and a drink and a nice sized, individually packed side salad (House or Caesar). I also got the Smiley lunch rum punch and it's got a kick to it! The bartender added an extra kick. Inside atmosphere is at home and relaxed. Can't believe it took me this long to come checkThose wings though. Like daaaaaamn. Them some good wings. Like some cheap delicious ass wings. YeahAmazing prices. The quality of the food is top notch. Everything tasted fresh and all food was nicely seasoned. The restaurant as a whole is super clean. Will be back for sure. 
Had brunch, chicken and waffles with pecans added is a must! The 2 of us ate for right around 13 bucks. The best deal in town! Run here as soon as you can!I don't believe I can say anything different than the other reviewers. The food tastes great, the place is clean, but once again the service is slow and the waitress have nasty attitudes. You would think the owner who is frequently around would stop and spend time in his dining room to find out why his staff is killing his business. On my last trip and I do mean last, I reprimanded by the waitress because I didn't know how to work the buzzer door. I could not hear when she buzzed me in. That was the final straw I will never step foot in that place again until. The owner takes time to train his staff.Roast beef poboy was messy and tasty, as it should be.  Staff was attentive, but our drinks were not filled the entire time.  The waitress asked if we wanted some more water when the check was brought to the table.  That was the first time it was addressed.  Also the table next to ours remained unbussed the whole time we were there while employees sat and talked.  Again, staff was very friendly and food was good; but more effort needed.
A bit of advice...fill the water regularly.  Don't even ask, just keep the water full.This "Boomer" is starting to really dig this Yelp thing. So we in NOLA and I search Yelp.. were in a rut, always going to the same old places, we decide to let this app guide us.... we decide on Smiley's and boy was Yelp ever right!! Our server, Lyric was very nice and attentive. Big screen t.v.s on every wall to keep up with the game or a spaghetti western. Small place but cute, friendly and clean. The food was out of this world good!!! I complimented the owner and he was very grateful for the recognition. The salad was cold and crisp. Wonderful taste! The tomatoes tasted like they just came out of a garden! It ranked up there with the best salads weve ever had, really. No B.S.
I got the fried shrimp and oyster Poboy it was huge! Lots of seafood, the bread was crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. I tried Dixie beer for the first time, a local beer. Smooth and satisfying! Gonna find a six pack to take home somewhere.
 Wife got the seafood platter which included a gigantic piece of fried, you can get it grilled if you want, I'm guessing, Cod but it was flaky and had an excellent taste, so did the oysters and shrimp. They give you small cups of 4 different condiments. All went very well with the meal. 
We would go back to this place in a heartbeat!!!and will !!!!  Wow...treat yourself to some delicious cajun seafood and dont pass this jewel up.Great food and service. Fair prices and good portion sizes. Everything is cooked to order so be patient, the wait is worth it. Serves breakfast, lunch, dinner and they have a full bar. Super nice people too. We will be back next time we swing through New Orleans for sure.Good food, great prices... service is a little slow during peak hours but worth the wait