We were sitting next door at a local bar wondering what to do for lunch. I got on yelp and found SoBou right next door. It exceeded its rating and blew us away. The setting is gorgeous. The yellowfin cones and duck beignets were amazing. The service was great. And they had a list of 25c Martinis to boot! This was a true find.My friends and I were staying at the W New Orleans and wanted a quick bit before going out. SoBou is practically connected to the W so we chose to eat there. We were told to wait 20-25 mins even though there was plenty of open seats but because we stayed at the hotel they were gonna try and seat us sooner. We went to the bar to get drinks while we waited. I ordered a margarita on the rocks and it was one of the best I've ever had. Once we sat down, the server brought menus but didn't ask if we needed anything and didn't come back for awhile. I'm not sure if they were understaffed that night (it was St Paddys Day). I ordered the Crispy Oyster Taco, which was delicious. Overall, I would come back again but would sit at the bar instead.This place has an old apothecary vibe and has antique medicine bottles in all the windows. It is a higher end (as in spending) place but is well worth the money, so be prepared.
Two people of modest means would do well to mimic what we did. 
We got three tapas style appetizers and one shared main course. They are also known for there fabulous bar so take advantage of the knowledgable wait staff and don't forget the cocktail. 
For the tapas section of our meal we had: 
A. Pecan smoked chicken and mushroom gumbo. The best gumbo I've ever had.
B. Sobou Burger (think slider) with pepper jack cheese and caramelized onions. A well cooked burger. It tasted wonderful.
C. Yellowfin Tuna en Escabeche (think cold thin sliced almost raw tuna on a bed of...) This was amazing 
The main course Louisiana Beaux Fish & Blue Crab. It was very good. Perfectly done it flaked with your folk and mixed well with the sweetness of the crab meat. It sat on a bed of pickled cooked collard greens. 
Our drinks were great as well. She had a 'Paris Between the Wars' and I had two beers. The first was from Nolas own brewery and was the lighter of the two. It was a Rebirth Ale and had a medium body to it. The second was an IPA and it was great.
The only thing I didn't like was that they served 'Foie Gras' and is the reason for my 3 star rating. I urge the establishment to  quietly take this from the menu and stop serving it.Beer taps right at the table!!  Food presentation was great and flavorful.  Skirt steak and others were enjoyed.Hands down some of the best food I had in New Orleans!! The cocktails were great. My 4 friends and I decided to split 8 small plates which was a wonderful idea because we got to try everything. There was not 1 dish we didn't enjoy. The waitstaff was attentive and polite and we had a wonderful night.
Make reservations beforehand because the place gets packed!!Ate there April 2018, our server Brian was darling. We had the seafood gumbo, crawfish bisque, yellowfin tuna and avocado ice cream (yes, thats right), and the pecan/peanut butter dessert. It was all delicious. The happy hour was terrific as well. We missed the 25cent martinis (yes, they have a 25cent martini happy hour) but we still were able to get a good happy hour and well worth the effort. 
Would recommend to others in the future.I had Chef Juan Carlos' tasting menu, which came with a "Rowdy Hawaiian" cocktail, which has rum and gin along with mango puree, tiki bitters, and lemon.  Pretty tasty.  As for the food, I chose the pork belly steam bun for starters, and yep just as you'd imagine it was incredible. But there is only one steam bun.  Seriously that needs to be a dish that comes with 2 or 3 because after anyone eats the first one they will be wishing for more. I would have be content to have those all night and nothing else.   Nevertheless for my main course I had the crispy chicken on the bone.  Very creative dish, It is sort of a sweet and spicy tempura chicken.  The sweet comes from the guava jelly and the spicy from the Crystal hot sauce.  I thought it was a generous portion, 3 big full chicken wings. For dessert I had the watermelon sorbet.  Probably my least favorite part of the meal.  Something about it just tasted off, and for dessert I gotta love it or its not worth it.
The restaurant itself is clean and beautiful.  I thought the servers and hostess were very accommodating and attentive.  Overall, my kind of place.  If I lived locally I  would keep my eye on it to see what new creations they've come up with.  I think they like to keep it fresh and try new things, which I really respect.  When I next return to NOLA I'll probably stop by.When we were here a couple years ago, this was an Italian restaurant next to the W and we were lucky enough to sit next to Spike Lee.  
Now this is more of a beautifully designed nouveau southern restaurant with good drinks and interesting menu items.  The duck confit was excellent, except for the unnecessary sweet sauce, and the cochon de lait gumbo was divine.  
Our waitress was the sweetest, but the bartenders were rough.  Don't get me wrong, I love snarky bartenders when they are good, and these were very good bartenders.  In particular, the tough lady with the tattoos made amazing drinks.  
Ok, I did my research and the bartender lady is Abigail Deirdre Gullo.  She is the 'head bar chef' and the person you want making your drinks.  Her passion for making good cocktails rivals my passion for drinking good cocktails.Contrary to all of these other reviews, I thought that the service was great! Our server was very friendly and the food was served in no time!
Butternut Squash Beignets: Tasty, loved the sauce. Tasted like chicken and waffles. It has duck inside, but you can barely taste it. 
Crispy Oyster Taco: Kinda dry... Dipping it with the Foie Gras sauce = amazing! 
Mac and Cheese: It has BACON! Had a smokey taste.
Foie Gras Burger: It was okay...
Iron Flat Steak: The steak was pretty tasty, but I didn't like the spinach salad that came as a side.Called ahead to pay for my sister's drinks on her wedding night. Manager took my call, explained the process and was a perfect gentleman.  My sister told me that it was great and that the manager personally came out to congratulate them and say that I had covered the check. Very, very guest focused!This place was fantastic. The chicken is some of the best chicken I have ever had - something about the spices + the crispy outside, juicy inside + chimichurri like sauce on top. Was heavenly. Also loved the steak w/ roasted tomatoes, the artichoke+corn tamales (which are nothing like tamales but still super delicious), the special tomato soup which had some kick to it, and the sweet potato beingets. The kale salad was decent (maybe should massage kale before serving next time). Wine list had some reasonably priced options. all i all a great experience.Came for lunch and came back for dinner!  The food was delicious. The beignets made that cafe we all know the name of look like plain donuts!  The sauces they use are amazing. Our waitress was great too!!I'm giving SoBou 4 stars because I really enjoyed the food I had for lunch.  I had an oyster taco and boudin balls.  The boudin balls stole the show, they very tasty. They were close to being on the salty side, but for me, it was perfect.  
The oyster taco was pretty good as well. What you think are green peppers on top are actually jalapeno peppers, so it had a surprising kick, which I enjoyed. The only gripe I have about the taco is that the oysters weren't the star in the dish. There were too many ingredientes on the taco for the oyster flavor to really come out. I think if it had more oysters, it would have been amazing. 
Overall, I recommend the place for a tasty lunch.Excellent cuisine in a high end but casual setting. The look and feel of the restaurant is New York rather than New Orleans - and that's a bit of a downside perhaps - but the food is outstanding. SoBou offers an inventive, creative take on New Orleans cooking. You can't go wrong, as long as you don't mind the relatively high prices.Sweet potato beignets stellar. Gorgeous modern decor. Staff friendly and attentive. Perfect, quieter brunch spot.Absolutely wonderful. Sobou's menu features an eclectic mix of items, paired in unexpected ways. There is a group of small bites and snacks meant to be shared, and then some "big bites" aka entrees.
We ordered 2 snacks, 2 small bites and one entree to share between 2. This was just right.
- bluefin tuna cones - ice cream cone with ceviche and tuna at the bottom - MUST get!
- pork skin - for $1 might as well 
- gumbo Du jour which was shrimp and okra - the natural "sliminess" added an interesting texture to the gumbo. I liked it since I love okra but if you don't, this might not be up your alley
- pork belly steam bun - pork belly was so tasty and tender. It reminded us of a dish we had in Puerto Rico, and it turns out the chef is Puerto Rican!
- foie gras burger - the foie gras-infused ice cream float was unique and rich. Yummy dish though we didn't know it came with pork skin so was pretty sick of pork skin by this point.
Total came to $60+ with tip which was reasonable. Great service too and our server was very knowledgeable about all the dishes.
We made reservations at 8.15 pm on a Tuesday night in march (turns out reservations weren't necessary since there were several open tables).Wow. Just wow. SoBou is creating the most inventive food in New Orleans and some of the best cocktails I've ever had. I stopped by around 6 PM on a Wednesday. I was dining alone and got a nice stop in the front of the restaurant. It is so sleek looking inside. I love the lit bottles all over the walls. I had a pleasant time talking to an older couple to my side. I started with the Georgia O'Keefe. I think this might have been one of the best cocktails I've ever had! It was just so delicious and perfect. I didn't even know there was such a thing as honeysuckle vodka. I then got the Yellowfin Tuna Cones. They are just as good as everyone says they are. Kind of like tuna ceviche on the bottom with avocado ice cream on top. Interesting texture and flavor combination. I then got the Shrimp and Tasso Pinchos. Great sauce on top. I just wish there was more tasso on each one. I liked the grilled pineapple on the bottom too. Really, really enjoyed the Smashed Red Beans and Ham Hocks too. Spicy flavor, and such a new way to eat red beans. The crackers they were served with were awesome too. I wasn't crazy about the ham hock terrine, but it was still good. I loved my waitress too! She was super nice and accomodating. Very, very highly recommended!I've been several times and ALWAYS EXCELLENT!!! Alex is the waiter you want and the Yellowfin Tuna ice cream cones is what you need!"SoBou is a twenty-five cent martini." 
Food: 5 (whoa)
Atmosphere: 5 (plush)
Value: 5 (martinis.  $0.25.  Not kidding)
Drinks: 5 (Excellently crafted)
Service: 5 (I want to take Sonja home with me)
Sustainability: 2
In the words of Stephon from Saturday Night Live: This place has everything.
SoBou is named  using the Soho, Nopo, and Tribeca convention: simply put, it means South of Bourbon.  Just a few blocks from the grimey, douche-filled, neon cesspool of Bourbon Street in New Orleans is a classy, snazzy, affordable, small-plate diner that is an amazing fusion of Cajun and global influences.
I have to lead with the fact that the day before, I had what I thought was the best meal of my life at SoBou's sister restaurant, Commander's Palace.  But just like seeing Sigur Rós a few months after seeing Dead Can Dance, this place was just a few hairs better.
SoBou's classy, modern interior is fairly typical of a high-end hotel restaurant.  As you walk in, you're flanked by glass shelves housing colored, empty bottles.  In the dining area, it is tastefully decorated in glass and mirrors.
We were shown to our seat in the not-too-busy dining room (it was two in the afternoon, after all) and the best waitress we have ever had (Sonja) greeted us and helped us with recommendations of what to order.  Throughout the meal, we traded quips, jokes, and stories. "I'll have a Gin/Dirty."
"Are you hitting on me?"
Alright, I could go on and on about how I want to hump Sonja's leg, but I'll spare you. 
YOU MUST TRY THE Yellowfin Tuna Cones ($8 for two). This is one of the most inventive, fusion foods I have ever tasted. Not only was there a fairly savory avocado ice cream ball on this, making it creamy and cold, but then, underneath was the gush of sashimi yellowtail, in its slightly salty glory, mixed with the sweetness and sourness of diced pineapple.  I could hardly believe the signals travelling to my brain: every taste bud was excited.
Next, we shared the Smoked Crawfish & Cognac Bisque ($8 and worth every cent), which was topped with crawfish popcorn.  Instead of making us all greedily spoon up and share this foodgasm-inducing nectar, Sonja gave us tiny cups.  I had one spoonful and my sister said, "Is that a tear?"
"I'm. So. Happy. Right. Now."
That's right, the Guy Who Doesn't Like Soup actually cried over soup.  This bisque had the velvety qualities of the most perfect soup, while being both salty and slightly sour-boozy.  The crunch of the crawfish popcorn just reinforced that texture-lovers (of which I thought I was not) will love this place. 
The Ponchatoula Strawberry Salad ($8) had the sweet and sour of strawberries with the understated tang of white balsamic vinegar and gorgonzola cheese. This was a far cry from the pathetic iceberg-and-blue-cheese the South is famous for.
The Grilled Alligator Sausage ($7) was soft, smoky, spicy, and came with three complementary sauces, a mustard, an aioli (maybe with sriracha?) and a chimichurri.  The pickled okra that accompanied it was almost crunchy and slightly sour.   Butternut Squash Beignets ($12) are nothing like the powder-sugar-coated desserts you get at Café Du Monde.  These were perfectly fried on the outside so that it was slightly crunchy, giving way to a near molten (in texture only) interior.  While the duck didn't really come through, it didn't matter.   The Mac N' Cheese ($6) was classic, employing applewood-smoked bacon for flavor and crunch and cooked in a cast-iron dish.  Hot and melty, this was a high-class version of an American classic.  The large penne noodles were coated in a gooey, not-too-stringy cheese.
The very last thing I have to add is the glorious truth of a new term coined from this meal. I'll use it in context: "SoBou is a twenty-five cent martini,"  meaning that it has twenty-five cent martinis for lunch.  And that is six kinds of awesome. The menu does say that you're limited to three "...because that's enough," but no matter. These are not skimpy, watered-down martinis: these are real, crafted martinis with a dash of vermouth, olive juice, vodka or gin, and olives. If you thought that the meal was expensive (I didn't), this seals the deal on value. The three of us--I'm being completely serious here and I have photographic evidence--had nine martinis, $90 worth at minimum, for a total of $2.25.
Go.  And go quickly.  And tell Sonja hi from Cedric...Cool decor, slow and rather disinterested service.  Interesting trendy takes on Southern dishes but a very "yankee" or LA-inspired urban feel.  The ghost pepper cotton candy sounded interesting but really wasn't all that great.  The pineapple prawn appetizer was excellent and the panna cotta dessert that looked like caprese salad was tasty and eye appealing.
It's priced and sized as small plate/tapas and portions do run on the small side. The chicken/pear salad was good but incredibly small.
The cocktails were creative and good.  I'd come back next time I'm in New Orleans but more likely to stick with apps and drinks.Best cocktails on Chartres St thanks to our amazing bartender, Trey! Bring on the bloody Mary's!I went to SoBou while traveling for work in New Orleans!  I was blown away by the food and the craft cocktails. I highly recommend SoBou!  Our bartender Chris made sure we were well taken care of!Ambiance:  5 stars.  This place is nice, clean, and modern.  The noise level is just right for enjoyment and good conversation.  The lighting is appropriate, not too dim and not overpowering.  Decor itself is very modern and stylish.
Service:  5 stars.  Was made to feel welcome and valued from the host greeting throughout the dinner service and to the very end.  Our waitress was friendly and attentive without being overbearing, and yet I never had to call for her attention.  Truly skilled.
Food:  2 Stars from me and 4 from my partner.  I personally found it too experimental and deconstructed.  For my meal, the sauce really matched the grilled vegetables but wasn't quite right for the meat.  The appetizers were largely unpleasant mainly due to texture and not actually due to the taste.  Prices were very inflated for the quality and quantity of the food being received.  My partner however found it largely innovative and playful, so if you are more adventurous itty-bitty might be for you.
Drunk:  2 Stars from me and 4 from my partner.Go early for drinks because they keep grandma hours and will be closed by 10. Such a tragedy.We stay at the W hotel every time we come to New Orleans. Made reservations on Opentable. Upon arriving, the host was incredibly rude and told us that we would still have to wait 30+ minutes for a table. The host was strangely aggressive/dismissive. Other people who came up to the host stand after us received similar treatment. Let's be honest. It's NOLA, there's no reason to accept being treated like that. SoBou is a glorified chain restaurant (we've eaten there on previous trips). The host was acting like it was some uber-exclusive club and we were annoying him by even speaking. We walked out and will never return.Very beautiful decor, friendly staff, mellow scene, and the food is AMAZING! Had the Gumbo, Shrimp salad, and the sweet potato beignets. It all was delicious! Would highly highly recommend.So happy we stopped in during our stay in Nola. The lighting creates a chill atmosphere and the food and drink presentation is impeccable. Service is great also, Jared and Jeb were amazing! They were very knowledgeable on the drinks and attentive even though they were super busy.SoBou created an exceptional New Year's Eve dinner service. Not only were dinner reservations easily made through Open Table, we were also able to push our reservation time to 6:30PM with ease when we knew we'd be running late. The duck leg and pork chop were prepared perfectly, but the stars of the night were the Smoke Turkey Gumbo with Foie Gras Boudin Balls and the Collard Greens braised in house made barreled aged cherry infused gin.Atmosphere - 4.5/5
Food - 5/5
Service - 4/5
Tip: Don't miss the ribs with spicy cotton candy. Absolutely delicious!Unfortunately, I have a very bad review of SoBou.  I was very excited to go here especially because of the family of restaurants it is in.  I went with a group, a total of 9 people.  Out of those 9, 8 of us were very unhappy with our meals, and we all got something different.  We were all collectively unhappy with the appetizers we got, which was a wide variety.  The cracklin looked like it was out of a vending machine, very disappointing.  The idea of the pour your own beer and wine is a fun one, however our group was too large to accomodate us at one of those tables.  Overall, the decor is very fun and pretty inside, but I would not recommend someone to go and experience the food there.  Go to Commanders or Revolution, much better.The restaurant is located within the W hotel and comes with my highest of recommendation. To start, the aesthetics are well designed and the cleanliness factor is exceptional. The chef (well deserved title) maintains a menu that includes tapas as well as, full plate meals -that are most delicious. The SoBou changes up its design elements to include an area for conversation -which has a few tables with built in beer taps, a nice bar with a television, an area with 8 to 10 tables at street level -which is bright and appears to be "tuned" for breakfast as well as, a dining area that is three steps elevated from the street which is designed with the use of intriguing lighting and a wall decoration that is based on infinity object visualization. The wait staff are both pleasant and knowledgeable and their "follow ups" are synchronized with the short pauses as the patrons eat their meals. Our favorite contributor was Joshua and at our last night of dining, the General Manager: Lelia stopped by to ensure our visit was at or better than our expectations.  My suggestion: Must visit!My best food experience in New Orleans. Shrimp & tasso pinchos on grilled pineapple are simply amazing. We tried also some cocktails and are really good, especially the Rowdy Hawaiian with cilantro infused Gin, mango and lemon. Very good!! Staff is really nice and welcoming! The restaurant is elegant and curated in the interiors. Great experience!I went on a Thursday afternoon on a break from my conference. The person who sat me at the bar was awesome - really nice and friendly. The bartender as well. They made me veggie taco's and they were not only inexpensive but delicious. The sauce was a little salty - that's the only negative. I enjoyed the presentation and had a nice lunch.Ehhhh, no. I'm confused about how this place has such great reviews. I'm sitting at the table now with 5 friends on a Bach party. We haven't seen our waitress in over 20 minutes and just refilled our own champagne glasses... so overall, it's empty in here, the service is bad, the food is average. Way better restaurants in NOLA to spend $100pp on dinner. The menu is hard to interpret. Fish arrived as just fish for $34. Will not return or recommend...So glad we happened upon this great place for lunch! Delicious food, perfect portions (a little on the smaller side). Our waiter was absolutely wonderful and very helpful - impossible to be unhappy with him as your server. I would love to come back and have dinner here, as I'm sure it is equally as enjoyable.I should finish this long languishing review of the SoBou bar now, since the lovely Abigail will no longer be running their program. 
I always plan to eat at the restaurant and somehow it never happens. I just end up hanging out at the bar and having snacks. The cone with tuna and avocado ice cream is delicious.  They make an *EXCELLENT* old fashioned and this includes the special carnival one that had a king cake baby encased in ice...king cake baby Han Solo!
The space is inviting and modern while honoring the exposed brick and history one expects in the FQ. The staff has always been wonderful to me. The happy hour is a great deal from 3 to 6 every day of the week with food and cava for $4.
Now I just need to unpark my caboose from a bar stool and actually eat dinner here.Excellent food and service. Had the heirloom tomato salad and pork bun and both were delicious.Husband and I went here for lunch and really enjoyed this place.
The interior is pretty trendy, but not off putting. It's actually a fairly large space, with three dining areas, including the bar. There's room for large parties as well as many smaller tables scattered throughout. Our server was really great - he reminded us of their 25 cent martinis during lunch, gave us some really good recommendations on food, and even gave us fun little necklaces with a bell on them that the restaurant had for the holidays (we were there prior to Christmas).
Everything I tried was good to great. The oyster taco was probably the low point for me and even that was still pretty good; the tortilla was a little too griddled-tasting for me, but the oysters were nicely done. The shrimp and tasso pinchos was really good - grilled shrimp on skewers that were stuck into a grilled pineapple steak with an amazing sauce. Funnily enough, the roasted veg that I got as a side was actually my favorite - incredibly fresh tasting, dressed simply, and cooked to perfection. I was so happy with them.  My husband enjoyed his alligator sausage and mac and cheese. 
For the quality of the food and service, the prices were exactly what I expected. This was my favorite meal while in NOLA!Dinner is phenomenal, most of the dishes were delicious, the gulf fish is exceptionally amazing. Breakfast here is good. I love the surf and turf and who dat breakfast. For the 100 mile egg frittata is not so good, it's basically egg whites with various beans on top. Fresh fruit is not good either, $6 for 2 dried slices of grapefruit with a slice of orange sprinkle with blue berries and 2 small strawberries.
Nevertheless, the decor is chic and stylish. Waiters and waitresses are friendly and helpful. Definitely check this place out!We ate at sobou the other night with a party of 14 people. The food and service were amazing, they were very accommodating and had great food.My husband and I enjoyed a wonderful weekend in New Orleans and we stayed at the W in the French Quarter.  We had a lovely dinner at SoBou, the restaurant there, and I'm eager to recommend it.
First, our waitress, Sonya, was great.  When we remarked at how impressed we were by the genuine warmth of all the staff at the hotel and restaurant, she said that she feels she and her diners "are enjoying our evening together" - and that kind of southern hospitality is evident in each aspect of dining at SoBou.  Fantastic.
Sonya recommended cocktails for us, and we greatly enjoyed them both.  Unfortunately I do not remember the details (ironic!) but mine had elderberry and lavender and was fragrant and yummy.  My husband's was a bit more aggressive with gin but he also enjoyed his!
My husband had a special Starwood Preferred Guest menu although I chose to order from the regular offerings.  His meal started with "COCHON DE LAIT GUMBO" which he felt was flavorful.  He then had a small steak which was good although nothing special.  He also had "CRISPY BOUDIN BALLS" which he found to be interesting and tasty.
I don't eat seafood, which is a bit of a disadvantage in NOLA, but my SoBou experience was absolutely A+!  I enjoyed "CRISPY CHICKEN ON THE BONE:
Tanglewood Farms chicken confit with Crystal hot sauce sweet soy glaze" (photo attached).  The portion looked small but was absolutely ample and each bite was tastier than the last.  The outside of the chicken was crispy and tangy and the inside was moist and perfectly cooked.  So, so yummy.  I had "THE FRIES" on the side and my husband loved the cayenne ketchup side.  
The real winner, however, was the epic "CHERRIES JUBILEE BREAD PUDDING: brandied cherries with Tahitian vanilla bean ice cream."  Enough good things cannot be said about this dessert.  I was sad when it was over.  It was perfect.
It was a bit strange not to have bread or crackers or some small nibble while we waited for our food (although certainly the wait time was not very long), so I requested some bread to go with our meal, and Sonya brought us crispy bread fresh from the grill, which was nice.
Overall, a great evening - and really reasonably priced.  Try SoBou - you will not be disappointed!  :)Sat down for a nice lunch, waited 10 minutes and waiter never showed , so we left. Weird vibes.Service was ok, not amazing. Food was ok, not amazing. Decent flavors but nothing that blew me away - some people seem to really like it here, I guess I'm not one.Awesome atmosphere. Some of the coolest most original dishes I've had in New Orleans. I can't wait to go again and try something else from the list. I only got a small plate next time I think I'll get a big plate. Great service tooSoBou was great! We had a reservation for 8:30 and was seated very quickly. There wasn't a lot of people in the restaurant and that was fine by us.
Their dinner menu is split into "Snacky Things" which are appetizers, "Small bites" are more similar to tapas, "big bites" entrees etc etc. We ordered The Fries & boudin balls under the Snacky Things category and they were delicious. The fries are served with a pickled mayo and are salty (MY FAVE) & a little bit spicy. We had the sweet potato beignets! Foie grad fondue and coffee ganache. The boy was nervous about trying it but he said it was his favorite. We shared a pasta dish it was papardelle with mushroom ragu. Perfect amount of food for dinner and the service was top notch.
The server recommended ordering the cherrie jubilee & bread pudding for dessert. We noticed there was a disclaimer on the bottom that said to please allow 25 minutes for the dessert to come out. It came out in 15 minutes. Please do yourself a favor and order it.
4 stars instead of 5 because it was GOOD it just wasn't PHENOMENAL. I don't give out 5 stars all willy nilly!Foie Gras burger, Boudin balls, sweet potato beignets & Yellowfin tuna cones (amazing!) and some good local beers were just some of the dishes we ate on a quiet Tuesday night.
The design and style of the place was original and the menu was really 21st century...but it worked well. A lovely server who'd moved from Alaska rounded off the evening. Very enjoyable.We spent our last night out in New Orleans dining at SoBou. It was a great experience. The service and food were both top-notch. The best dish of the night was the gumbo. They serve theirs with mash potatoes and it was delicious!SoBou was a lot of fun, great small tasting plates.  We had no problems getting a table but it was early, seemed to fill up quickly so reservations are recommended.  They have a really nice bar too so it would be a great place to hang out in the French Quarter.I can not say enough good things about Sobou. We had amazing service with very attentive staff. Our drinks were perfect and the food.... I don't know where to start. The sweet potato beignet are to die for, the Colorado lamb bites where flavorful and delicious. I loved my yellowfin tuna cones, the avocado and basil ice cream was a tasty blend of sweet and savory.Order the legs and eggs! The chicken is fantastic. The blackend drum and fillet combo was a great awesome. Great service nice ambience. Order the Not Pecan Pie to finish off the experience!Best biscuits in all of New Orleans!!!!!!!!
They are only available for breakfast so be sure to stop by in the morning...Service was terrible. We walked in and were told it was a 20 min wait and there were several empty tables. When I questioned the wait I was told it was because they only had two servers. How do you only have two servers on Memorial Day? We waited in the bar and that was a whole other experience. The bartender acted as if he had better things to do and seemed bothered we were asking him to do his job. Food was very salty and our several made a casual appearance  about every 15-20 mins. The drinks were okay. It was just a bad overall experience. The decor was awesome but didn't match the service level.Everyone in my party was very happy with our experience at SoBou. The food was great, very good service, nice atmosphere and a very good value for the quality of food. Our favorite was the yellowfin tuna cones- amazing! We also really liked the crawfish remoulade, sweet potato beignets and crispy chicken on the bone. We were not a huge fan of the three little pigs.We came by for dinner based on Yelp reviews and were very pleased. I called 30 minutes in advance. Although they were booked, they were able to squeeze in a party of three.
Great atmosphere, menu selection, service, and prices.  We had the grilled shrimp salad, rib sandwich, strawberry salad, draft beer, champagne and a complimentary round of hurricane shooters. Everything was delicious! Perfect ending to our amazing Louisiana trip.The menu is small but in our party of 6 we managed to get a great sampling of the entire small bites menu and a few large bites too. The wine list is well rounded and our waiter was professional and attentive. I think our hearts melted with the sweet potato beignets but I definitely recommend the shrimp ajillo too. Trust me, you won't go wrong with anything you order here- so delish!!!Food is phenomenal!  Service was very friendly, but very very slow.  Lots of fun, unique cocktails.  Dessert ... the pecan pie, not pie might be the best thing Ive ever tasted!I feel awful giving this place a 2 star review, but that is exactly what it was- a 2 star experience.
We dined at Sobou during their Sunday "Legs and Eggs" brunch. I understand that there was a show- I get it... but the jazz music was incredibly loud. We couldn't enjoy the company of our guests. We had to request to move. They were very accommodating and moved our table of 8 to another location. 
After sitting down in our new location- our waitress took our drink order. It took a good 20 minutes to receive our first round of drinks- at which point- 3 drinks were knocked over. Again- causing a delay in receiving the drinks. The waitress brought over a round of shots- which was a very nice gesture. All good.
After another 40 minutes- we had to request that our meal order be taken. The menu was never explained. We decided to order all 3 of our menu selections at once (appetizer, entree, and dessert) due to the wait time to get our drinks. After a good 30 minutes- our appetizers were sent out. At which time- two of our guests didn't receive theirs. After six guests finished their appetizer- the remaining two appetizers were sent out. During this time- our water glasses were not refilled.
The waitress came out to review our entree order - mind you it is now 2 hours AFTER we sat down. After talking to the manager- our entree was delivered. At which point- the manager blamed the lack of service on our being moved and the kitchen staff. Not very appropriate.
The meals were cold. Clear that they had been sitting under the lamp for a while. Again- we had to ask for water service. The desserts took a bit of time to come out as well. After over 3 hours- we were finally finished our meal. The drinks were not very good, the service was awful (SLOW) , the food was delicious. Our drinks were taken out of the bill; however, 2 had to be sent back and 1 didn't arrive until we were well into the dessert. 
Based on the food and the attempts to make up for the experience- I'm giving 2 stars. The lack of attention to the guests, the VERY slow service- cause me to only give the rest. two stars.Amazing. Absolutely amazing and delicious. I came here with some coworkers for coolinary during lunch. I am now going to be coming back for dinner. I had the pulled pork cheesesteak and yellowfin tuma appetizer. Both extremely satisfying and filling. Plus the 25cent martinis that were not watered down but an actual martini was the perfect addition to the lunch. We didn't try any dessert because we were so full. Definitely recommend others to come try it out. Their regular menu looks just as delicious.Everything was great at SoBou. I had the funnycide and old fashion as cocktails and ordered the SoBou burger and smokey brisket steam bun for a meal - to save space for the cherries jubilee & white chocolate bread pudding. All of it was awesome!Went during "coolinary week" and got great deal on a 3-course meal. The place has a cool atmosphere, on the French quarter, absolutely great food presented very nicely and refined. The lit bottles display is a nice touch. I had the hanger steak and it was cooked to perfection. This is my 2nd time and it won't be the last.Had a party of five at SoBou during a conference for dinner.  We ordered family style so that everything could be shared.  I probably wouldn't do that again.  Some of the items were very good.  The family style is a great option; I just would have rather ordered my own meal next time.  I loved the room and the look of the restaurant.  Looking forward to going back.I booked reservations for NYE about 2 months in advance. New Orleans food is amazing--I mean it. But for what it is, I think SoBou is overrated. The sweet potato beignets (everyone raved about them on yelp) were smothered in duck gravy. I'm a vegetarian, so womp, womp for me. But even then, my meat loving bf wasn't impressed. I then ordered the fish special with lobster meat, that was actually delicious. STILL-I had been to another hole in the wall place and ordered fish for 1/4 of the price that was better (yes, BETTER). The cocktails were also underwhelming. 
HOWEVER- the saving grace for me: bread pudding. I really loved this dish. And for as good as it was (and it was), it wasn't the best bread pudding I've ever had.
That all being said, the ambiance of the restaurant was great. I really enjoyed the experience and the service. While I thought the food was underwhelming for the price, I know that I was paying for more than just the food. I would still recommend this place for a nice night out.My husband, our friends and I ate here on our first night in NOLA and WOW!  What a fantastic decision.
Our server Alixandra was wonderful.  She was helpful, friendly, funny and very professional.  It is hard to find the caliber of service that Alixandra provided us and she helped make our evening at SoBou a truly memorable one.
The food was outstanding, very original and delicious!  We thoroughly enjoyed every single bite of every dish we ate.  Our personal favorites were the Yellowfin Tuna Cones, Shrimp and Tasso Pinchos and the Crispy Oyster Tacos.  
The chef has put so much thought into designing his dishes that they are original and are perfectly balanced so each bite is a flavor explosion.
If you are looking for amazing food that is not only a meal but an experience, SoBou is a MUST!We ate at SoBou for dinner on Saturday night. We called ahead to see if seating would be a problem, but due to it being the weekend for Southern Decadence, they couldn't tell us for sure how busy they expected to be. We said "Oh well", and decided to take a chance anyways. Arrive a little after 7 and no wait for a table of six. Hooray!
I wasn't feeling very hungry so between the boyfriend and I, we ordered the Cochon De Lait Gumbo, a Crispy Oyster Taco, the SoBou Burger, and Boudin Balls. Out of the 4 things, I think the gumbo was my favorite. Outstanding flavor and had a nice thickness to it. The oyster taco was also good as it was topped with pineapple ceviche, mirliton & cajun ghost pepper caviar. However, I thought the topping gave most of the flavor as I couldn't really taste the oysters. I had a bite of my bf's burger which was a 1/4 lb griddled patty topped with bruléed onions, pepper jack cheese, pickled okra mayo, and cayenne ketchup served on a brioche bun. It was a good burger, but nothing spectacular. As for the boudin balls, they were okay as well and nothing to be excited about. They had a nice texture, but I've definitely had better elsewhere.
As for service, I must say it was very hard to flag down our waiter. I don't know if it was because he had a lot of tables, but we would always see him serving other tables then disappear before we could flag him down. Very hard especially when he had split our checks wrong. He was able to correct his mistake without us telling him so that was nice. Just would have like to have a more attentive server.The menu is a little different but I loved everything I tried. The decor is so modern; nice setting for a romantic dinner or small dinner with friends.Wow! What a special meal. We called in advance to inform the restaurant we were joining them for my sister's bachelorette party. We were greeted with a gorgeous table complete with balloons and shots, and prosecco promptly came out after. Our server maritza was AWESOME. Lovely, charming, and gave us terrific recommendations. We loved the tamales and the yellowfin cones for starters, and for mains the foie gras burger really did me in in the best way. Definitely worth a visit!The gang behind the bar are all fabulous, happy hours specials were a deal and all delicious. Three words. Sweet potato beignets. "Nuff said. Went back for dinner and was equally impressed. Love the décor, great wine list, friendly staff and a nice spin some regional classics.Solid 4 and close to a 5.  Great space, great service, great food on all counts.  The best food during our trip to the Quarter.Minimalist in décor and menu.  Our table had fried chicken, SoBou burger, mac n cheese, fries, and apple & pear salad with shrimp.  Don't be fooled by the homey sounding offerings, because the servings are smaller than average; however, the food was delicious.  While we enjoyed our food, I do wish SoBou offered more variety.  On the night we dined, the majority of entrees involved duck or fois gras, which are not our favorites.Stopped in for a drink and an app. Loved the Rowdy Hawaiian! You had me at cilantro gin. The sweet lady behind the bar brought me squash soup with a ladle of garlic mashed potatoes in the center. Perfection!! I saw her making lavender Tom Collins that looked amazing! Wish I would have ordered one of those!!Food was amazing, best gumbo I've ever had! and Jimika our server made our dining experience one to remember. So knowledgeable about everything on the menu, and impeccable service!It's hard to only give this place one star because the food is fabulous. However the service was so bad it completely overshadowed everything else, and with the prices being what they are you expect top notch treatment. 
Being a local, we are always looking for fun things to try, and when we heard about their Legg's and Egg's Burlesque Bruch we were excited planned our visit during a time when we were hosting company. I should mention that I was in the restaurant industry for 10 years, and our visiting guest has been in hospitality for 20+ years. We had a reservation, and were seated promptly after arriving. After waiting about 15 minutes the hostess came back to our table a said a server would be with us shortly and offered to bing us water, no applogy for the wait. About a minute later our server did show up. We order cocktails and asked about the specials. After taking our drink order, she disappeared again or another 15 minutes. When she came back she had only 2 of our 3 drinks, she had forgotten to put in the request for the other one. We thought about paying for our drinks and going elsewhere, but since we had been looking forward to this we choose to stick it out. 
The rest of the meal went about as good as you could expect after a start like that. We did get all three courses and they were timed well, but the food runners did not seem to know their seat numbers and had to auction off the food every time. When they cleared away our courses, they took our silverware and did not replace it. We ended up grabbing it off of a near by table. When we ordered another round of cocktails, she again forgot one. When the bill came, we did tip 20% but we will not be back.Happened to have lunch here with a friend after passing by it often. The overall aesthetic of the restaurant is spectacular. We sat at the bar and were helped by Jared and Caroline. We couldn't have asked for better service. I suggest trying the little tuna/ice cream/ceviche pops. They're out of this world.I was extremely disappointed in this place. I'm from richmond Virginia and found this restaurant via yelp. It had great reviews and had .25 martinis, how could you go wrong? We went in for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon. We were one of 4 tables probably. We came in during restaurant week, we thought we totally lucked out! An appetizer and entree for $20. I ordered the crab bisque and the watermelon caprese  salad; it was pretty good! Good flavor, nice seasoning. My boyfriend ordered a cup of the crab bisque. Our server let us know that the cup was rather small, and asked if he'd like a bowl, so obviously, sure why not. After our sever being extremely inattentive, and somewhat rude, we asked for our check. My boyfriend was charged $16 for a bowl of soup. (2 cups) it was pretty clear that the server was solely trying to up his check cost. We really wanted to check out commanders palace! But, after this experience, we won't be visiting another establishment. Try another local restaurant!First time I have made it to SoBou but I will be back, namely because I think we ordered all of the small bites on the menu and could not order any of the main courses. 
The drink menu is really something to look forward to, I cannot wait to they put their menu up so I can get ready for next time.
I think my favorite small bite was the fried cracklings with the pimento cheese fondue, it was amazing, the cracklings were fresh and hot, and the cheese went great with it.
Also enjoyed the duck debris and butternut squash beignets, and the andouille-and-tasso boulettes came in a small bowl of meatballs in a rich spicy tomato sauce. Also loved the pork belly but then again how could you  not.
The service was very good, the waitress made sure we knew what each dish was like and even reminded me when she brought them to the table.  
So I cannot wait until next time.... SoBou get a menu up on the web soon so people can see the great dishes yall have came up with.SoBou?  Don't you mean SoDelicious? (sorry, had to be done)
I recently had an excellent meal at SoBou.
We started with the Cajun Queso.  It was good, but with all the other delicious-sounding things on the menu, I probably will not order it again. SoBou also answered my eternal NOLA wish with their Butternut Squash Beignets (savory beignets!). I mean, listen to the description: "foie gras fondue, duck debris & chicory coffee ganache"--holy hell, they were amazing.
For dinner my partner had the Crispy Chicken and I had the Tuna.  The chicken was amazing and the tuna was really good, although a little heavy handed with the pickled mirliton. 
I also had a kick-ass cocktail.
The only thing a little off-putting that I wasn't expecting was the noise level.  It can get REALLY loud.  If you go expecting it, you will have a great meal here.Stopped in at the end of the night for dessert and bubbles-bartender was funny and very nice...didn't hurt he was from our home state! Will come back again to have dinner next time!Came here with a large private party, family style meal. Each dish was amazingly full of deep, rich (I expected no less from New Orleans) flavor! The pecan pie is sweet and light, amazing peanut butter mousse on top. I would definitely go back for the regular menu if this was their party version!This was a place I have been pining to go to for a long time, and I'm glad I did. The decor is definitely sleek and chic and not particularly New Orleans looking which is neither good nor bad. It is in a hotel after all. The cocktail  list was a good mix of new and traditional. I had a Manhattan which was nicely done and had a nice dried cherry for the garnish which is the way they do it in...Manhattan. We had 2 small bites, alligator sausage and a fried oyster taco. Both were very good. I liked the feel of the place, good crowd, good bartenders etc. Would def go back.Went went here for our anniversary and probably should have made a later reservation. Service was good but SO FAST! Even my husband who usually likes fast service thought it was too quick. Drinks were delish. Tuna cones were delish and so was our fish entree, it was just so quick. For an expensive meal it should take longer than 30-45 mins!