Awesome atmosphere. Very polite team and staff. Excellent food. A+ on the Bucatini and pizza.Sofia is a great place to bring someone on a date. The wait staff was nice and the food was fantastic the owner-Billy always checked in and to see if everything was good. I recommend to anyone who loves great food and good vibes. Will be back forsure. 6 stars.Sofia was hands down the best dinner I have EVER had in New Orleans. I have made serval trips to the city, but recently I visited with a group of friends for my dirty thirty. The food was above & beyond expected. The service was impeccable, & the atmosphere was the perfect place to have a birthday dinner with a group of friends. Will definitely return to this place on my next visit.If you have a love of lemon like I do, the Blue Crab Risotto is absolutely to die for. The wait staff were all very pleasant and attentive. A must try.Lots of great reviews below, and that's  a tad misleading. The food is ok, not great. The service is pretty bad. Waited for about a 1/2 hour after being seated to order food. I would understand if it was a packed house, but the place was half empty. It literally took 30 minutes to get an additional bottle of wine; which happened to come 5 minutes after we had finished dinner. The service was just slow. Lots of smiley faces, but overall it was not a pleasant dining experience. I was really excited based on the reviews below, but I and the group I was with were sorely disappointed.Food and service were both good even though it was a packed house. Only thing I would note is it is extremely loud in the restaurant.  
We were a party of 3 at a 4 top table and had to pretty much yell to communicate. Not a deal breaker for me but I can see how the noise level could turn some people off. 
The dishes are small plates and meant for sharing. We had more than enough food for the 3 of us. 
Bucatini - Pasta cooked al dente and had the right amount of sauce for me. 
Garlic Bread - Just get it; its outstanding 
Pizza - We had the Spicy. It has a little kick but it's not overwhelming spicy. Liked the char the wood fired oven gave the crust. 
Meatballs - Great texture and not dried out like some meatballs can get. Enjoyed the sauce as well. 
Gnocchi - Little pillows of goodness. 
Risotto -  It was a pretty good risotto but there were more than a few pieces of the rice that were still crunchy.Be prepared to be pleasantly surprised!  Not a pasta-based Italian restaurant but everything they serve is as decadent as then Sofia Lauren, I believe she is the name-sake of this wonderful restaurant. 
What to order?  Start with the Kale appetizer and the meatballs. Add the crab risotto as your past and you would be delighted. End with sharing the ribeye steak if you are a red meat person, it would become one of the best steak you ever had, if not the best!  If not, the Berkshire pork Milanese or the Pollo alla Limone are equally good alternatives! And if you prefer the swimming kind, prepare your pallet to a great filet of red snapper or a wonderfully prepared scampi where you control how much sauce you take with your shrimp!
I was lucky to go with a party of 8 with an executive expense account.  But even after nearly sampling everything in the menu plus several servings of the strongest Jack-n-Coke along with two bottles of a nice dark Zinfandel, we did not break our bank or violate our policy max!
A nice-nice place to try! And you'd agree it is one of the best Italian restaurant in town!One of our three favorite restaurants in New Orleans.  Not too old but already top class.  Try the squid pasta.  It's my favorite!From beginning to end, everything here was excellent!!!! There are so many amazing things on this menu, we were so impressed. The staff was delightful and so outgoing, warm and energetic. You can't go wrong with this place.This place is nothing short from being incredible. Amazing vibe, amazing food, amazing staff. 
I would eat here every day if I could. 
Huge fan of the squid pasta and the carne crudo.Where to begin...I made a reservation for 18 people for 9:00pm. I was told from the beginning that we would receive two tables which was fine. We were not seated until after 9:40. The manager told us we would receive a round of drinks on them for us being so patient. After being seated the waitress made an announcement to both of our tables about how the dining experience is for everyone to tell her what you want and she will decide how many to order because everything was shareable. She also said some cocktails were coming because we waited so long to be seated. She began taking drink orders. Things were going pretty smooth aside from the very large table behind us constantly getting up and knocking a few of our purses off of our chairs (at least three times). Oh and one of the ladies had on a VERY strong perfume that was giving myself and a friend a headache (not the restaurants fault but just added fuel to the fire by the end of our dining). So after we all order (both tables) they began bringing out food not too long after. We noticed that the other table with our party was getting more food at a time. We waited a little too long for more of the food to come out. Jump ahead the other table finished 45 minutes before us. We were there for a birthday and because they finished they went ahead and left. After we received majority of our food we asked the waitress where two of our pizzas were. She came over and showed her ticket and said she forgot to put them in (literally the only things not scratched off her list) and asked if we still wanted them. It was now 11:00pm. Yes we wanted them. They rushed the order because the pizza was mostly red sauce with like three pieces of mozzarella on it. Disgusting! While waiting for the pizza some people ordered dessert and we told the waitress we were there for a birthday. They brought the cake out and started singing while i was eating the pizza. I was so annoyed. Jump ahead to 11:40, we received our check. I immediately see the first round of cocktails on the bill. I tell the waitress. She says she doesn't remember what we got so they took 15% off. That would've been fine had we not had 10 people with each drink being a minimum of $10 a piece. The totals didn't equal out. We paid and tipped about 15% which is not like me but our service was terrible. I went to the restroom and while waiting I hear our waitress complaining to the manager that it wasn't her fault and that we should've tipped more. To recap the BS...we were seated 40min late with a reservation, we were told TWICE that the first round of drinks was on them, one table was finished before the other, the waitress forgot our food, we were rushed at the end because they close at 12 (hence the nasty pizza and putting chairs up while we were still in there), and now I have to listen to someone complain because of her mess ups. Lastly, the manager and the owner never once came to our table to say anything! They were busy with the table of about 16 behind us who sat right after us, got their food before us, and were finished over an hour before us. Time frame at this restaurant 9:00-11:50. It gets one star but deserves a zero. I am so sad that our experience here was so terrible.Went in for brunch on the Friday before Mardi Gras. I love the ambiance and vibe of the place. 
We tried many plates, 
Meatballs 
Eggplant 
Pasta
Pizza
And the cocktails were amazing. 
I loved the serving size. The service. The incredible food. 
A special place in our city. Enjoy.New Orleans is one of my favorite places to eat. It has so much soul in its food and every restaurant you go to there's a sprinkle of their culture on top. I decided to venture off from my normal spots on my last day and ran across Sofia Nola. 
My fiancé and I joined them for dinner at 7pm on a Sunday.  As you first walk in you quickly realize this place is not a normal Italian restaurant. The decor was funky, the presentation was over the top and beautiful. The ambiance was something else. So much detail put in to this place. Favorites- the Meatballs, the Shrimp Scampi and definitely get the Tagliarini. We finished with the Pistachio Torta. I'm not usually a dessert person- but Wow! Highly recommend dropping by this gem.This is definitely my new favorite place to eat at. Everything is new, chic, and clean. The vibe is upbeat Italian inspired by Sophia Loren. The food was amazing. I honestly can't say which is best but I loved the kale salad the bucatini and the steak was out of this world delicious! It's a must try spot!Beautiful place with amazing projections. Wonderful pictures of Sofia Loren. Loved all of our appetizers, the bread hands down was my favorite. We ordered pizza and multiple of the pasta dishes. I liked the eggplant the best. The cake with layers was delicious. I also had the passion fruit spritz, very sweet but delightful.Went there last night for the first time. Food was great, friendly service, food cost was reasonable. My only issue; it seemed really loud. Lots of restaurants have this problem.Sophia Nola is absolutely amazing!  This restaurant has quickly become one of the most talked about and trendiest restaurants in New Orleans. The food, staff and space are top notch!  I highly recommend!  Pro tip... order ALL of the desserts!  Delicious!Was so looking forward to trying this place as I have heard great reviews. Unfortunately the service was definitely off today. Our waitress was MIA for most of our visit, so the hostess had to fill in. And it wasn't busy at all. The garlic bread was excellent but please specify on the menu that it has butter in addition to olive oil. There are many people who don't tolerate dairy. The steak with salsa verde would have been good if the steak was not so rare. The server never asked what temperature I would like it in fact she almost walked away before taking my order. We were never offered dessert or coffee. And we waited a long time for the check and for the check to be picked up. This place has great potential but choose your servers wisely. Disappointing experience.My new favorite restaurant in NOLA! Great service, cool atmosphere, & outstanding food from start to finish. You can't go wrong at SofiaNOLA! Our waitress suggested family style, so we all ordered a few items & shared. It was the best way to go, because you will definitely want to try everything. I recommend getting a porron for the table, especially for a girls night get together! Adds a lot of funny and laughter to your party.My husband, mother in law and myself had a really great lunch at Sofia. I had heard great things, so we braved the downtown construction on a Friday afternoon. The place is airy and has a modern feel. A little loud, but still able to have conversations. Our waitress was excellent- friendly and attentive, but not overly so. Our drinks were always refilled, and she made sure to check on us after we received food. We split the Margherita pizza for an app. The pizza was actually bigger than I expected. The crust was thin and could have used maybe another minute in the oven. There was more sauce than I usually like but the flavor was good so I didn't mind. Not too sweet, not too acidic, nicely seasoned. The cheese was delicious. My mother in law got the Insalata for her meal. She liked it, except found some of the various types of lettuce hard to eat gracefully. My husband got the Fungi, a fried polenta cake with various types of mushrooms. It wasn't what we expected- not a sauce on top but sautéed mushrooms. However it was very good! I got the Bucatini which was fantastic. The noodles were just the right texture, the sauce was delicious. I would absolutely get it again. I would definitely come back, and recommend Sofia NOLA!From the ambiance, to the staff, to the drinks and food, this place has really outdone itself. I've been here a few times now, and they are always so consistent with the quality and taste of food, simply delicious! If you're looking for great Italian cuisine or just for a great fun spot to eat and drink, I highly recommend this establishment, you will not be disappointed. I will unquestionably be returning!This place is so weird. An Italian restaurant that's deeply tacky, brightly lit and blaring hip hop music. Everything about this place is incongruous with what you'd imagine to be an Italian setting. The food was good - despite the fact we ordered kale and it never came even after reminding the waitress. So get the food to go but don't bother spending your time in this unfortunate place.  I give this place one year max.We really enjoyed this place. It had a great, clean open and modern vibe with high top tables and a Lazy Susan on the table, making it perfect to share plates with everyone . We had impeccable service with the food coming out as it was ready at a perfect pace. The hostess was super attentive and frequently came over to see what we thought of the food. I was especially impressed with her as when we were leaving, there was a homeless gentleman with a wheelchair in front of the restaurant. I thought she was going to try and shoo him away and she was actually going outside to check on him.  Our meal was delicious. We started with the garlic bread which was outstanding and probably one of my favorite items of the evening. We also got the brassica which was an interesting combination of broccoli, Brussels sprouts, very thinly sliced apple and pumpkin seeds. It was not a very large portion and was a little scanty amongst five people but good just the same. We loved the pizza margherita and the crispy potatoes.  We shared the bucatini pasta (They were very kind to make it vegetarian style for us) and the Tagliarini pasta which was squid ink pasta. I would say that it wasn't as well received as the other dishes, but I really liked it. It had a little spice to it and I loved the orange zest in it.  We enjoyed the zeppoles for dessert but our favorite was the delicious dark chocolate pudding with a hazelnut topping and chocolate paper!  It was an ample amount and we were tempted to order a second.  This would be a great restaurant for larger parties due to the ability to share and the great square tables that seat 8.  You won't be disappointed coming here. Great atmosphere, great food and great service where they pay tribute to the icon Sophia Loren with photo montages and art work. It was also very easy to find parking on this quiet, serene street on a Sunday night.Great salad and pizza. Service was good until the bartender mis charged us on our bill. He said he was going to give us happy hour prices since we  we were there for HH but he did not. When we questioned him about it he said he did but then we realized he charged us for for a  way more expensive wine then I ordered. But food was good!Went here on a Sunday night for dinner, we had a reservation for 6, but the restaurant was half empty so we probably didn't need it. The server, Josh, explained that even though we all ordered our own dishes per se, they would come out as separate courses due to the kitchen only having 5 burners. We definitely understand and appreciated that he was upfront with us! It's all part of the experience and to me, that meant that the food really was prepared as orders are rung in! The service was good and he even brought out a mini birthday cake at the end since we were celebrating a friend's birthday. 
Blue crab, sorrel, marscapone risotto - very good flavor, not necessarily the most seafood focused dish, but healthy amount of crab and tasted light for being a creamy risotto 
Garlic bread - better than your average restaurant garlic bread (but also not free lol so makes sense)
Wood fired carrot antipasti - not quite what I would expect, more of a farrow dish than anything, interesting flavor but probably would not order again
Gnocchi - light and bouncy, good flavor, would order againBest Margherita pizza I've had outside of Rome. Pasta cooked perfectly al dente. You can tell the ingredients are freshly sourced and all sauces are made in house from scratch.
The interior is fun and sophisticated. A TV screen behind the bar is tuned to Turner Classic Movie channel. End your night with a homemade Limencello and catch a few minutes of the original Godzilla film.This is a really unique fine dining experience. There's a hip vibe and a Sophia Loren theme that runs throughout​  the restaurant. 
Sophia raised the bar on my favorite olives, Castelevetrano. They were served with ​orange zest, garlic, olive oil, ​ and Aleppo​ (pepper) dressing. Simply delicious!
The Brassica was charred broccoli, brussel sprouts, rosemary brown butter​ vinegarette, thinly sliced apples, aged provolone​, ​ and roasted pumpkin seeds. Absolute perfection!
We chose the Signore Bianco pizza with added fennel sausage. The server​ said it was her favorite. Stracciatella​, grana padano, creamed leek, red onion, green olives, fennel chile and fennel pollen (whatever that means). The flavors were blended perfectly. This pizza will stay in my fond memories for a very long time. 
I don't care for pasta and hardly ever eat it. However, I'm going to guess that the pasta here is probably elevated to the level of art. 
Really fabulous and highly recommended. Make a reservation because they fill up fast. We got there at 5:45 and by 6:30 the place was buzzing.
We were too full to have dessert but the Pistachio Cake advertised in Where Y'At looked amazing.What an awesome, modern Italian restaurant for New Orleans. We had 3 salads, all incredible & fresh. Pizza, chicken & meatballs were delicious. They had gluten free everything and nothing lacked flavor.  Rap music was played, giving it a very HIPhop vibe. Will be back!Really unique to New Orleans.  Italian food doesn't always need to be heavy and it seems this restaurant and its owners have either done their homework or spent a good amount of time in Italy because the pastas and antipasti are reminiscent of some of my experiences overseas.  They are not traditional but rather it seems they took inspiration from dishes you'd see and thoughtfully delivered dishes that are modern yet pay homage to the traditions of Italy.  Our large group shared most of the menu and were pleased, but the tagliarini and chicken stood out as exceptional dishes and I must say the salads were some of, if not the most inventive I've ever had.  And another thing is that rarely have I seen a restaurant pay attention to plating like they do here.  I really appreciate that detail.  For a new restaurant to function like this, Bellissimo!  Keep getting better and you'll be amongst the best in New Orleans.I rarely right reviews but for Sofia I had to. I ordered the citrus salad with shrimp and it may be one of the best tasting things I have ever had. Seriously! The combination of flavors and freshness were truly amazing. I also had the risotto verde that was really good and a perfect follow up to the salad. 
The service was fantastic and I really liked the interesting video window and projections.
I look forward to coming back.So excited to try a new Italian spot! I love Italian food and haven't quite fallen in love with any place in Nola yet. 
We went for lunch and sat outside. Curb side seating is nice and didn't lack proper service. Started with meatballs and garlic bread. The meatballs were bland, taste mostly of the mound of fresh parm on top. Garlic bread... same. Left me wanting more garlic. 
Second was the spicy pizza. Was disappointed, hoping for a more traditional Italian pizza that was light and fresh, this pizza had so much cheese I couldn't see or taste any toppings. 
Dessert was also underwhelming.  Pistachio cake was dry. Doughnut balls were good. 
Overall not impressed. I might go back and try some pasta.Best food, best service, great atmosphere! The bucatini is the best :)The reason I was so excited to try this place was because their menu online lists grain free pasta as an option. I've never seen this on a menu before so as someone that avoids grain, I usually never get to order pasta from a restaurant. When I got there, this option wasn't on their menu, very disappointed.
Both of us got a spritzer to drink. They were soooo overly sweet that for the first time in my life, I sent a drink back. It tasted more like cheap bubbly kool aid than a $10 cocktail.
The food was very average for it's well above average prices. I don't at all mind paying for quality, but after my meal I felt nothing was worth it.  I tried 4 different plates and there wasn't anything that excited me in the slightest.
Dessert was the best, but still nothing special. Certainly not worth going back for.
It was pretty empty when we arrived but the noise from the few people there seemed to amplify through out the whole place.O m g. The pastas here are incredible. Love the Pork Bolognese and the pizzas. Great place for a group or just to split for two people. Love it. Always consistent.New favorite spot in the city to grab a bite of authentic Italian cuisine! Food is wholesome and filled with flavor. Drinks are unique and refreshing. Atmosphere is hospitable, with great service included. Really hits home with the fine dining experience minus the pretentiousness.
Recommend to all my NOLA people.This is definitely my new favorite place to eat at. Everything is new, chic, and clean. The vibe is upbeat Italian inspired by Sophia Loren. The food was amazing. I honestly can't say which is best but I loved the kale salad the bucatini and the steak was out of this world delicious! It's a must try spot.So excited that lunch is served at Sofia! Must try the hangar steak, the citrus salad, and the Fungi (the polenta cake base is perfect with the charred mushroom topping). 
And if you have for dessert, get the Torta!My friends and I went there tonight for a birthday and it was great! My only complaint is the wait for everything (once we were seated) was a little long but the server was apologetic for that and we understood since it's brand new. I had the Ricotta Gnocchi which was great! I really enjoyed it. It was sweet but some bites tasted more savory so I would recommend for someone who enjoys sweet food. My boyfriend had the Signore Bianco pizza and that was so good! I would get that next time. I tasted the Bucatini that my friend ordered which was good as well. Everyone was satisfied with their meal and I was pleased to see the portions were fair as well. I will definitely be back!Amazing food and atmosphere. 10/10. Pizzas were the best I've had and in house pasta prepared peerfectlWill definitely be coming back.This place is unbelievable!!  It's not often the ratings online are accurate to the actual experience...but in this case, they were!!  Me and my wife are foodies but also love a fun/comfortable vibe.  We travel the country often and eat out wherever we go, and we had one of the best nights ever.  
It was a busy wednesday night but Peter did a great job accommodating us and set us up with a great seat at the Pizza bar.  This was great b/c we were able to watch the pizzas being made while we ate.  Also, Cymphony (super cute) was behind the bar, made great convo which made us feel VIP.  We ordered the Bianco (white sauce pizza) and it was out of this world!!!   Other dishes that are a must are:  the Brassica, the ribeye, the whipped ricotta, the street corn, gulf shrimp, blue crab risotto, and the pork Bolognese!   Oh, and have them do a sampler of all the desserts...they are all awesome!!  Bravo guys!  You are my new favorite restaurant in NOLA!!!I recently went to Sofia for a Yelp event, and I immediately t back the next week because this place has quickly become one of my top restaurants. It's so cool, cute, laid back, great service and great food. You really can't go with a experience here.
I decided to take myself on a date last night. I ventured to Sofia around 7:30pm on Saturday. There was actually good amount of street parking in the area. It was packed but you could still get a table. I decided to go to the bar because of my new favorite bartenders were working. As always the service at the bar was impeccable. I told one of the bartenders I was on antibiotics and would like a mocktail and he created me something super sexy cute and tasty. When he said " Be prepared to taste the best thing you ever taste before" I knew he wouldn't let me down, it was beyond tasty and innovative. I truly appreciate it. I didn't feel left out or anything. 
Later I asked the other bartender for food recommendations and he convinced me to go with the Risotto, which was an amazing choice. The risotto came with blue crab in it and it was a great amount added, which you don't see often. The portion size was great for me and kept me full, the taste was great the risotto mixed with blue crab, citrus, marcaspone and sorrell played so well together in this dish. I truly enjoyed it. I also ordered their delicious garlic bread, which comes out hot with all the grana padano on top that you can handle. I must mention the focaccia is made in house, so you know this bread is serious business!
I truly enjoy my dining experience here, the great staff, the dishes and the 90s hip hop while watching a little TMC proves to be an excellent choice for a date with yourself. This is also a great location for a regular date, and a special outing with friends.Sofia Loren once said, 
"Cooking is an act of love, a gift, a way of sharing with others the little secrets that are simmering on the burners."
I can tell you confidently that, unlike those secrets that simmer on the burners, this spot in the warehouse district won't be a secret for very long. The atmosphere of this place was alive with upbeat music, smelling great from the wood-fired pizza and just had a general vibe that felt right. Do yourself a favor and try the Brassica, the brussels sprouts nearly melt in your mouth. My favorite dish out of the ones we ordered (family-style dining) was the Signore Bianco Pizza. Every ingredient tested fresh. Another thing I would recommend to a reader is the Eggplant Contorni. I can't say I've had eggplant prepared this way and that is really a shame because it was delicious. Attentive staff and solid cocktails. Highly recommend stopping in this new spot and enjoying a meal with family and friends.Eating leftover crispy potatoes as we speak and it's still so good! The steak was okay, not a wow factor to it. They did present a sous-vide garlic on the plate and that was good! We also shared the blue crab risotto and we both agreed it could've been cooked several minutes longer. However, the flavor was great! We both got cocktails and both were good. I don't remember the names. I definitely would come back and try other items on the menu.I went to this restaurant once on a Sunday evening. We had reservations since it was my friend's birthday. The restaurant made you feel fancy as you walk in. There was a bit bar and a lot of tables all around. Some fancy paintings and lighting. 
The most memorable thing was the service that my friends and I received. We got a lot of great service. The waiter was kind and friendly and attentive. He made sure we knew what was going on and what was happening with everything. He also worked hard to get my friend the birthday surprise cake that we requested. This place definitely had great service. 
In terms of food, everything tasted amazing! I had a taste of a lot of it and was not displeased with it in the slightest. Everything tasted very delicious. There was not a bite that I did not enjoy. The food was creamy and warm and felt right to eat. I could not get enough of the pasta. Something about that bucatini that made me want more and more. The garlic bread was really good as well. It had a good mix of garlic and butter and did not overwhelm the tastebuds with garlic. The polenta was creamy. The carrots were really delicious with every bite of carrot. It was really hard to share, because I wanted it all. The food was kinda pricey in terms of serving size. However, there is a notion that "every dish is meant to be shared," and they deliver on this by handing out beautiful golden spoons to everyone at the table. In between the main course and the dessert, the server had come to collect all of the dishes and spoons, only to give us more spoons and plates to eat on. This action made me feel quite fancy. 
I truly enjoyed my experience here. It is like a fancy restaurant that anyone can come and enjoy. The service is exceptional, and the food is very delicious. You might even meet some famous people here.I came here Friday night for my 2nd time. This place is so loud.  I felt I was screaming! Mom and I ordered the broccolini and Brussels sprouts salad.  Well, it came out with broccoli and the brussels were so big the chef has bad knife skills.  We then ordered the pork bolognase.  The pasta was not my favorite.  An easier pasta should suffice.  The taste of the sauce was on point though.  We ordered desert the zeppole and that was fantastic definitely the best out of the whole meal.  Kind of disappointed.Very good food. The bolognese was amazing. Probably my favorite of the whole place. If I had to chose a side, I'd say the garlic bread and meatballs were the best. I always go simple when trying a new place. Logic being that if you mess up the simple, must mean you'd do the same or worse for something more intricate.I'm not going to write out a long detailed review as to how my experience was here. I find that particularly annoying to see reviews like that and don't bother reading them. My reviews are short and sweet and to  the point. Does this restaurant meet my level of expectation? Was the food good? Was  the service good? I can tell you without a doubt that this restaurant lived up to all of my expectations. The food was amazing, the service was amazing, the ambience was incredible. This is definitely one of the hottest new restaurants in the city and I highly recommend it.Best place in Nola. Atmosphere, staff were amazing and the food, even though not traditional New Orleans, was incredible.Modern Italian food and vibe!! We had almost everything on the menu and each dish was amazing! The spicy pizza and gulf blue crab risotto are a must. Service is great. Don't forget dessert!10/10- Sofia is a one of a kind restaurant. My boyfriend and I were on vacation in New Orleans and we heard that Sofia was the place to be. People were right. This is hands down, one of the best Italian restaurants I have been to. From the impeccable and quick service, to the flavorful and unique cocktails..  Even the music was on point. The entree's were incredible and the pizza was to die for. I hope everyone is blessed with the opportunity to eat at this restaurant. We will most definitely be back for more when we visit New Orleans.Amazing!! I've been 4 times and love everything I have had on the menu. Great food, service & ambiance. Highly recommend!I only have had the Margherita pizza for take out from Ritual but it was delicious. 
My pizza wasn't quite ready when I got there but I was offered a glass of wine while I waited. 
The restaurant interior was lovely especially the mosaic on the pizza oven. 
I will be back to try the crab risotto.The food was subpar.  I've had better Italian meals from Lean Cuisine frozen dinners. Drinks were really bad. The music was way too loud and weird and off putting. Definitely wouldn't go back. The seating was bad too; Tables too close together. Won't go back.Truly, AS GOOD AS IT GETS! We ate at Sophia's on a Saturday evening for a Birthday party table for nine. The first thing we noticed was how clean the restaurant was. Great music, good looking crowd, and unbeatable food. The meatballs are a must try! Seafood was fresh, and the chicken was unbelievable. Service was excellent! We will definitely return next time visiting New Orleans!I really enjoy Saturday nights here. The music and vibes are great. The tapas area really good and so are the drinks. They have great bartenders.My pasta had so much butter.. like a ton.. it was like sauce .. I know Italian food has a lot of butter and cheese.. but this was ridiculous.. not even worth the calories for the below average  taste.. food was salty.. 
on top of it they charged 6$ to add 2 Brussel sprouts and 4 florets of broccoli.. my worst meal in a long time.. not going backGreat ambience, nice for a date night. Everything was fresh (house made). You can see the cooks make the pizza right in front of your face if you are sitting at the bar towards the back. I definitely plan on going back!!!!Try this new little restaurant and you won't be disappointed. Everything was fresh and tasty. The drinks were perfect and believe me I'm picky on this one! The shrimp dish was one of the best. I also loved the the vodka infused pasta. Between everyone in our group we ate almost everything on the menu and we weren't disappointed. Dessert isn't the highlight but friends I was with enjoyed them. I will be back and hopefully try the rest of the menu.New favorite spot in New Orleans.  Great food! Homemade pasta and homemade pizza but very unique style which makes it amazing. I was truly impressed. I've Eaten at Sofia 3 times and keep trying something new and it's all good.  Really!  It's worth trying it.I recently had a business dinner at Sofia with some out of town colleagues. They were super impressed, even though on of them is currently not doing dairy or carbs. 
We started with garlic bread, the whipped ricotta and the brassica. All were delicious. And I was glad there was an app that everyone could enjoy. We had the cacio de pepe, the crab risotto and the gulf snapper for entrees. Everyone enjoyed their food and service was on point.
The drinks were tasty and one of my colleagues LOVED the house amaro. I had a lovely class of prosseco and the other was happy to be able to partake of local draft beer. 
Will definitely be back.This place is incredible! I have already eaten there six times since it opened its doors! The food was impeccable and the service was outstanding! My favorite dishes were the squid ink pasta and the budini! Easily the best new restaurant in New Orleans!This place was perfect for our girls night! We came here because we caught wind of the female chef Talia. In such a male dominated industry it was a breathe of fresh air to try her food. The ambiance was very chic. Starting with the cocktails. The Ol' Q&A left me with a good buzz. Later I had an Aperol Spritz, it was light and refreshing. Moving on to appetizers we had the carrot salad which was creative and tasty.  Our second courses were the squid ink pasta, and malfaldine. The mussels and squid were cooked perfectly and the pasta was freshly made. We also shared the Bistec Alla Fiorentina. You could tell the meat was good quality and it was plenty to go around. I will be seeing more of Sofia in my future.Cute! Nice bar, friendly bartender and a perfectly made spritz. I'd definitely go back :)This was an outstanding meal from the menu, service, ambience, wine selection and ultimately the FOOD! First, one of the managers, Chelsea, wiped down a table and chairs for me as it had rained earlier and I insisted on outdoor dining. Next, I ordered the squid ink bucatini with lump crab and it was amazing! OMG, I ate it all up in minutes!! Look at the pic, but it doesn't do justice. So amazing!! Then I decided I should pretend I'm French and ordered a salad so I got the insalata which was also amazing!! The thinly sliced pear, the creamy chunks of Gorgonzola plus the pink peppercorns, hazel nuts and mixed greens was an awesome combo!!! Divine!! Last but not least, I picked a red wine, Corvina, from Valpolicella, which apparently was a new wine on the list and it was fantastic and paired perfectly with my meal! This was just the best meal of the day on my staycation!! I will be back!!Sofia Nola is a new, hip Italian place that would appeal to a more eclectic crowd. The music is hip-hop'ish (not at all the traditional Italian mandolin strumming type). The restaurant is clean, fresh and .... well, hip! The wait staff was very friendly - all smiles as we were seated. They have a good variety of house drinks and fine wines. 
I wanted to try the Lost Little Italy because our concierge said it had "pineapple cream soda" in it. I found that very intriguing and I was NOT disappointed. The bitterness of the Campari was a good compliment to the rum and the sweetness of the soda. Good call!
We started off with the crispy potatoes appetizer. Oh WOW, we're those ever good. Roasted fingerling potatoes that are bathed in olive oil and butter and dusted with Parmesan cheese and drizzled with a red chili oil "aioli" of some kind. Outstanding texture and taste!
I ordered the bucatini and that was a good choice as well. Spaghetti pasta with fennel sausage, guanciale and basil in a rich red sauce. The pasta was a little chewy, but the dish overall was very tasty.  
My wife had the risotto with the blue crab and that was equally delicious, but found a couple of pieces of crab shell in it. 
Again, service was top notch. Prices are comparable to other restaurants in the area and it's within a convenient walk to nice hotels as well. That's a plus. 
One caveat - unless you like tall, bar chairs, seating gets a little uncomfortable over time. All the tables and chairs are bar-height. Again.... leaning toward the younger, more "hip" crowd.Always a favorite!! I love everything here: the food, the drinks, and the service .. but still, the food!! Pizza, salad, risotto, chicken.. and kale salad again.. and signore Bianco pizza again.. and the carrots and crisp potatoes.. can't say enough good things about it!! Love it!! Love it!!This is a great place for some casual dining!
Great ambience. The best food item was the spicy pizza. Not super spicy but definitely great flavor. 
Our second item we liked was the potatoes. 
They have been open for only 2 weeks but we hope they are still here when we come back. A def must try!!Amazing new restaurant on Julia street!! Everything on the menu we got was amazing and the drinks were spot on!! I would recommend this restaurant to everyoneThis place is amazing. Food was outstanding and the service was top notch! Everyone in our party enjoyed every part of their meal. We will definitely be back!Second time coming to New Orleans and a friend told me about this place new trendy and it had great reviews so I went  and I can said is one of the best Italian restaurants I have been in Nola thanks sous chef Tania for the good food and time thereI came here for lunch today.  We got the Brussels sprouts, broccoli, apple, aged provolone in a balsamic brown vinaigrette with pumpkin seeds.  They classified it as a salad...There was no lettuce HA.  It was really delicious!  I think a little expensive. $14.00...maybe should have been $12.00.  We ordered the pizza with fennel sausage and Calabrian chilies.  We were the first ones there at 11:32am...come to find out they burnt the pizza...no big deal, but we are on our work lunch.  They came out with our pizza 12:35pm.  It was delicious and very authentic.  I loved the calabrian chili sauce.  One of the best pizzas I have ever had.  The did comp the pizza which was very much appreciated.  I will be back!Finally open for Lunch!
Great food selection, I got the chicken "pollo al limone" with the crispy potatoes and it was amazing.
I don't drink but my friend had a cocktail and loved it, I'm not sure about the name of it.
The ambiance is really cool, nice music in the background, classy arts and images of Sophia Loren on the walls with a giant chandelier in the middle of the room! It's very pretty and bring good vibes.
We will return as soon as possible.This place is SPECIAL to say the least!  In a city like Nola that's crowded with unbelievable restaurants, this place shines!  A must go!My daughter and I had a fantastic experience at Sofia Nola. The service was awesome! The atmosphere is casual and they have t.v.s all over, for better or worse. The one tv by us was on for a football game and then changed to more of an Art tv. Anyhow, I ordered the Blue Crab Risotto and a Margherita pizza to split between the two of us. The Blue Crab Risotta was delicious and creamy. The pizza had a wonderful wood fired  flavor, and large enough to split between the two of us. My daughter finished with the Budino for dessert. It was decadent! 
If you have not been to Sofia, you must go!Love the atmosphere. Decor was lit from a projector and changes every so often. Hip hop music playing out loud.. almost sound like this place can be a lounge for after hours! 
Food wise everything was delicious. We got the risotto with blue crab, steak (cook medium rare), squid ink pasta, and the insalata salad. I loved everything! 
The only disappointing part was the dessert. Our zeppole had absolutely no custard inside. Extremely doughy. Instead it was on a bed of too much amaretto. Looking at other yelp pictures..ours was def off. The vanilla gelato taste like its straight from breyers. Yuck. Maybe it was an off day for them in the dessert part. 
It won't keep me away though. Will definitely come back!Sofia had been on my list for several reasons, two of which were I heard their pasta was great and that their Aperol Spritz was the best in the city. It's pretty difficult to get a reservation here at a decent time a week out so I got a (later than usual) reservation for 8:15. 
The restaurant itself was completely different from what I envisioned from an Italian place. I imagined cozy and dimly lit but it was bright and open. 
The cocktail selection was great and even though I'd heard the aperol spritz was good, I went with the passion fruit version because I couldn't resist. It was fine but I'll probably continue exploring the menu.
The menu sounded incredible albeit pricey. We got the ricotta, octopus, and citrus salad. The presentation for all of these was a little over the top- very frou frou considering the casual vibe the environment gave off. Everything was good but the octopus seasoning/sauce was kinda strange even though it was perfectly cooked. 
For mains we had the Gorgonzola gnocchi, vodka pasta, and the sausage and broccoli pizza. If there's pasta on the menu, I'm getting it. However, the star of the show was the pizza. The bread was cooked perfectly and there was a really nice balance of salty and sweet. The vodka pasta had too many pepper flakes (flavor was alright, though), and the gnocchi tasted like someone accidentally tipped the salt over too much. 
All of the portions are small, especially considering the price, but somehow we were still struggling to finish even though there were 3 of us. 
I'd definitely come back to try some other menu items, but I'm not in a hurry.This was my first time at Sofia and it definitely won't be my last! I came here with a friend to take advantage of the restaurant week menu. I was not disappointed. Let's start with my new favorite drink called Onda Rossa. It's two kids of rum with passionfruit and strawberry. Very light and refreshing. I got the meatballs and garlic bread as my appetizer, the margherita pizza as my main and the zeppole for dessert. The meatballs were so good that I got an order to go for the next day. The only disappointment was that the garlic bread wasn't part of the regular menu item! Service was fantastic. Can't wait to get back!My friend and I went here for a girls night out, and the food was delicious! The cocktails were very good and the desserts were phenomenal. After a little wait towards the end of our meal, we got dessert free of charge. Sofia Nola was an incredible experience! Such wonderful atmosphere and cozy seating. Highly recommend the pizza!I love carbs too much, but I try not to eat carbs unless it's worth the calories.  The food at Sofia Nola was definitely worth the splurge on carbs.  I ordered Blue Crabs Risotto, Pork Bolognese, Crispy Potatoes, Gulf Shrimps, Meatballs, and Pizza. All the dishes were delicious except for the meatball appetizer.  The meatball was bland and the center of the meatball was cold and undercooked.  This is my reason for taking off a star.  I would give it 4.5 stars if I could.  Besides the meatball dish, everything else was exceptional.  I highly recommend the the crispy potatoes, risotto , pizza and the pork bolognese.  I would definitely come back and try some dishes on the menu.  Hopefully this time, the meatballs are cooked properly.Love love love this place! Best garlic bread ever, homemade pasta and fabulous chicken and pizza. Our server Josh was awesome too! Sooooo yummy! We will definitely stop by again next time we are in NOLA!