Service here was excellent. They hosted us for an event and were awesome. 
However, I felt that is where the awesome stopped. The food I had (brisket) was mediocre at best, maybe it had been sitting under lamps all day? The bread it was served on was tough. The mac and cheese was pretty good. My glassware for beer was dirty, chilled, and they were out of everything on draft.We were actually hoping to eat at Jacques Imo's down the street but didn't realize it wasn't open for lunch. We happened upon Squeal, and it was such a fun find.
The black eyed pea egg rolls were very tasty and the pulled pork tacos were VERY tasty! My husband loved the collard greens. I highly recommend Squeal!Omgoodness!!! This place is a gem!!! Delish! We had the duck tacos, jalapeño hush puppies, collard greens (done right) and the smoked chicken wings!!! Everything was amazing!! The duck tacos were simple with fresh mixed greens, the smoked chicken wings really were succulent with the best tangy sweet sauce ever, and they were served with a real house made ranch dressing, The collar greens, don't even get me started they were delicious cooked with a reduced Maple syrup and bacon yumminess! The hush puppies were house made as well served with a honey butter that was to die for.   We sat at the bar, because the place was jamming! Wonderful food and great service!Great service and food!! The portion sizes were perfect!  Will definitely be backIncredible. Everything was perfect. The right portion size, the right flavor balances, good cocktails, and awesome beer. We're not from New Orleans but we will drive the three hours from where we live just to come again!!!This place has just "ok" BBQ in the realm of brisket and chicken.  They really focus on the pig to the exclusion of the other meats and I like the beef better so I feel discriminated against.  The brisket is pretty tender and has "ok" flavor but isn't my preferred style of brisket here.  They are pretty generous with the chicken and a bit less with the brisket if you get a combo plate.  They are also very guilty of one of my biggest pet peeves at BBQ joints in that they dole out the sauce like it is made out of plutonium and I'm not allowed to have too much for fear I might build a thermonuclear BBQ device.  Seriously one little baby container of sauce isn't going to cut it!  Really the sauce isn't even all that great so why dole it out like it is made out of ground up million dollar bills.  The sides here are alright and the service is decent.  They have a nice location on Oak Street but with Buddha BBQ closed it looks like I still have to head to the Joint to get my main brisket fix in the NOLA metro area...I go here alot... and I send people here alot...   The people are great & and so is the food. A friend has had several functions here and the menu is always delicious and fun, usually served family style.   Another  friend has specific allergies & food restrictions and I love going with her because he throws together the Most Amazing dishes for her.  Fav's are the Nachos,  BEP Eggrolls, Duck Taco's, MacNchz, ChzGrits are Yummy!!!... The youngest kid loves the gumbo, but consumed an entire order of the Brisket Tacos, tonight, in fact... Also my last 3 visits I ended up with Lagniappe Beers & once tickets to the Zepher's game :)  Eugene was giving them out through the dining room.  From what I understand he makes a mean drink.  They really support our city :)  Great Neighborhood Place... Book a party & let the Crew work some magic!I went here some time ago with a few friends before the 610 Stomper's Pub Crawl. This was the starting off point for the crawl and we thought we should grab some grub before all the drinking. 
The three of us split a full order of the Squeal Nachos. They were just what we needed! The pulled pork was so delicious. The full order could probably feed six people! it was a ton of food. 
I have yet to return, but I hear they have really great tacos now. Hummm.....might have to give it another go.Squeal fills a niche uptown as a place where you can get your BBQ on seriously hard. Their meats are all very good. The tacos are an interesting twist on BBQ but you can't beat the classic ribs or pulled pork/brisket for taste. The fries are a bit salty the last two times I've been but the great beer selection more than compensates. The owner is usually behind the bar or somewhere in the restaurant making sure things are running  smoothly. He has gone out of his way a few times to make sure my visits have been great. They have plenty of interesting and original sides/apps to dive into that I haven't gotten around to trying yet. 
Also: bike down Oak St any day of the week in the early afternoon and can smell the smoker a quarter mile away.What has happened to squeal? This was in my opinion one of the best rib joints in town but they must be under new management or something. I stopped here for ribs on memorial day which should be the crown jewel for bbq places and I swear I could have thrown the whole plate away. The ribs had a 13 degree burn though surprisingly still juicy but no taste to them at all except for the smoke flavor. I asked for sauce and they bring you a thimble of some can sauce when they used to have very spicy flavorful ribs and a great sauce to go with them. In fact the ribs were so flavorful you didn't need sauce. This is twice now that I have been and been disappointed which probably means I will never go again. Not to mention  the sides that were never that great were even worse than before. Lightly boiled greens with no taste and the worst cole-slaw I have ever had. As I walk out I was not the only unsatisfied customer. This place does not have a long life left I think.Went for lunch 11/28/09
I posted pics of all our food.
Friendly service
Creative appetizers:
-andouille stuffed fried mushrooms
-special of the day appetizer smoked pork & cream cheese cakes
Main Course:
Big portion
1/2 rack of ribs YUM!
Tasted like New Orleans BBQ if I had to call it something
Ribs came with a choice of 2 sides & hush puppies
Our sides were the collard greens & cheese corn grits
We liked it all.
I ate here with my mom for lunch & shared everything.  We were so full afterwards and even had enough to go for a second lunch the next day.
I would like to return to show my hubby this cool place.Went here on Father's Day for late lunch early dinner at 3pm and the place was empty. Everything we wanted they were either out of or the brisket wasn't going to be ready for another 2 hours. After deciding to leave the waiter tried to force us food asking if we wanted the duck that we didn't ask for. The ribs weren't ready cause they have to smoke for 9 hours. I don't know why they were open if nothing was ready to eat or they were out of stuff. After that experience I will never step foot in there againGreat Uptown spot... highly recommend the Pulled Pork Tacos and Brisket.Squeal is a great lunch spot.  We went (4people,1child) and had a great time. The half order of nacho's was enough for all of us and the smokey pork made them even better. The pork tacos were great as was the pulled pork sando. The beef brisket seemed sweet and didn't get great reviews. There are alot of good choices which means you will most likey go back. I recommend order a little of alot of items and split them amoung everyone at the table, like a tasting menu.  I do not recommend a bloody mary, it is not represented well at squeal.  Lastly, the BBQ sauce is really good, so get extra on the side.Mediocre bbq and service. Lukewarm food. The way they bring food out is like this: one person gets their plate, another person gets their plate in about 10 min, and the third person gets theirs in about 5 min after that. Portions of the actual meat are pretty small. Bbq sauce is given if requested but they don't volunteer it. It is given in a small plate so you have a limit.I ended up at this place because the "not-to-be-named-famous-restaurant-down-the-street" was too busy to wait. Squeal was almost closing but their friendly staff made room for two visiting Floridians. 
The service was great and beer selection surprising. In addition to the meats we tried the bacon Mac and cheese, and greens and certainly left satisfied. I was disappointed that the bacon brownie was not available, but I guess that's what happens when you show up late to the party.Maybe we just ordered the wrong thing...? No, i dont think so, it was really just that bad. Besides the fact that it took almost an hour and a half to get our food (and in an empty restaurant, thats just lazy), everything was so over peppered we could barely eat it. Would not go back.
We ordered:
Half nachos (eh. Nothing memorable)
Pork meat plate with collard greens and potato salad. This tasted like airport food.
I was really craving BBQ and I have to say, this completely missed the mark. I actually have nothing positive to say about it. I don't know why this place is so popular, every time I have eaten something from here I have been sorely disappointed.I was going to give them a better review but 2 of the things I was most looking forward to (the boudin balls and the grits) were 86'd. For those of you who never worked in the business that means they ran out.
Needless to say i was disappointed, but the BBQ Pork Tacos were the highlight of hte night. I got the Pork Sandwich which was average at best. The Mac-n-Cheese tastes like a bad mixture from a box.Still on the hunt for a BBQ joint.  
The smoking pit in the yard drew me into this establishments and at once repulsed me.  Cooking outside is a violation because the product is not protected from environmental contamination.
The kitchen it self seemed to be messy and the cook was preoccupied in the preparation area to notice i was watching as he scratched himself.  The restroom was not well kept.  This was surprising as the was an over abundance of female staff.  
The establishment was big and empty.  We sat at the bar. I watched as waitress/bartender twirled her dirty fingers in the salt/sugar plates.  
One of the most off putting things was the waitress hovering waiting for us to sign the bill the immediately taking the signed receipt.  
The food was nothing to write home about.  The meat was smokey that is about all I have to say about it.   I also tried the layered bowl with was greasy and gave me indigestion.  My husband had the nachos with the BBQ pork, again it was just ok.I'd say the menu looks like a pretty standard BBQ restaurant.  Definitely doesn't beat Syracuse's Dinosaur BBQ, but not bad.  The decor and feel of the place is subpar, looks like a chain restaurant with less interesting things to look at.  
I went on a night where they had buy 2 beers for the price of one so that was pretty cool.  
I also really enjoyed their duck tacos!  I tried a bit of their shepard's pie which was also delicious and their shrimp and (something with sauce that you dip french bread in) was also very tasty.  The waitress was also super friendly and very helpful.  
Overall, I liked it.  :DA very colorful atmosphere greeted us upon arrival. I had the pulled pork with a side of collard greens, coleslaw and the hush puppies. Now we could not have the ribs, because they weren't done. Now the menu had been cut and the choises where not that many and pulled pork is always good, right? No exception here, a rich molasses flavored bbq-sauce covered the pulled pork and it was good. Not great, but good. Now the sides where as sides goes, nothing exceptional but not bad. Now as we where leaving we saw the ribs being pulled of the smoker and they looked good, perhaps call ahead and ask about the ribs? 
Would I revisit? If I were to get the ribs, yes, otherwice, no.I started with fried stuffed mushrooms that are wonderful as an appetizer. For my main course, the half rack of ribs with baked beans and grits with corn was what the doctor ordered. The meal was great, the ribs had a wonderful flavor and the meat was so tender that it could not have been better. The BBQ sauce used had a great texture and flavor and the wait staff brought extra out without being asked. The grits with the corn was very unique but tasted great. The quantity was great for I could not eat everything. The service was nice and friendly to top it off. Great place to eat!It's on account of the 1 1/2 hr long wait at Jacques-Imo's that we ended up getting appetizers at Squeal. 
I really liked the feel of this place. They had Abita Amber on tap, and it was nice and cold. Yay!
We ordered wings, onion rings, roasted corn cheese grits, and a casserole-like dish with pulled pork, cheese, and I-can't-remember-what else. 
The onion rings ROCKED. You get a ton of 'em for like $4. I am a BIG fan of that! The wings were really good too. You can get either pepper sauce or bbq sauce, and we went with the bbq ones. The grits were tasty, too. I didn't love the pulled pork dish - just not my gig. But it was hot, flavorful.... just not my taste. 
Service was friendly, if a little slow. Overall, though, it had a great feel and would definitely go back.The food was ok but it was the service that was awful. We had to wait over 45 minutes just to get out food. And when we did get our food it was missing the fries, which didn't come until we were ready to leave. When you wait that long for food it kind of ruins it.Service was slow. Not all sides ordered were delivered. Ordered brisket but wasn't informed that they were out until the others at the table received their food.Good food. Great service. I don't like a thick rub on my ribs and I felt like I was missing something with the nachos. (Good pulled pork nachos at Juans Flying Burrito) But, overall I would go back for other items.Food is mediocre. Stingy on BBQ sauce for some unknown reason. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich and it took 45 mins before it arrived. This was at lunch time when there was maybe 2 other tables seated. I would avoid this place completely.Holy cow, or should I say pig...
The pork belly po boy has the perfect blend of crispy sweet pork, pickled veggies and cilantro, much like a bahn mi. Pure heaven on a freshly baked, soft and chewy bun. Fried green tomatoes with basil aioli and an amazing house made tomato jam to accompany, and luscious thick cut brisket sandwich. Sides of creamy coleslaw and corn and cheddar grits rounded out our lunch. Absolutely no room in our bellies, but had to order the peach bread pudding anyway. Found room. 
Been in NOLA for nearly a week and best best best meal (outside of August, but $$$$$) so far. Go now!I went here for the second time tonight after first visiting back in August. I'm sure the next time I get the craving for barbecue this will be on my list again. 
First off, any place that has draft cider is high on my list. There was a large selection of bottled beers, but my heart has been with cider since I spent a year abroad in England.
We chose the jalapeno hush puppies to help warm us up after coming in fron the chilly weather. There were tasty, spicy without going overboard, and helped my core warm up to a temperature that allowed me to take off my scarf when my pulled pork sandwich showed up. The sauce on my sandwich had a great smoky flavor with a little bit of zip to it. It had enough tasty sauce to make it a fork and knife sandwich. The fries were thinly cut and made with the skin still on the potato which I love. They were crispy and salted perfectly. The corn macque choux was a little watery for my taste but had a nice flavor. My friend stole my order so sadly, I can't report on any other entrees but I remember my father raving about the ribs when we went at the opposite weather extreme last August.
Our waitress tried to tempt us dessert and while she almost succeed with the bacon brownie, my stomach had filled its desert spot already (I blame the hush puppies). She was friendly and attentive without being pushy. I will definitely be back for those brownies.I have eaten at Squeal a few times and I usually enjoy my meal. However, tonight was the worst experience ever! We got there around 7:30 and it wasn't super busy only three tables. Two already had there food and while we were ordering the other table received their food. Anyway we ordered hush puppies as an app and our entrees. We waited for 30 minutes before the waitress came over and said she would go check on the app. In the meantime other people were sat and the people a table across from us ordered drinks. 15 minutes later they still didn't have their drinks and asked for our waitress to get them for them. Their waiter came over and apologized for forgetting and had to re-ask them what they wanted to drink. At that point we had waited 45 minutes and had not received any food. Eventually our waitress came out with our entrees and we still hadn't received our appetizer. She explained that someone had stolen our app and it was given to the wrong table. So we started eating and then she came back with our hush puppies and apologized for them not coming sooner. Unfortunately the hush puppies were very under cooked and inedible. I returned the hush puppies and explained that they were under cooked and I understood they messed up by that doesn't mean they should rush the food if it isn't going to be fully cooked. Meanwhile at the table across from us the people who already had problems waiting for their drinks were getting frustrated because it was taking almost 45 minutes to get their appetizers. So the waitress returned with our fully cooked hush puppies right when we had finished our meal, and we took them to go. Also at this point the people across from us still hadn't gotten their food and decided to walk out. On top of all of this horrible service, my boy friends ribs were extremely over cooked and dried out. The sides we got were great, but everything else tonight was an absolute shit show, and I will not be returning to Squeal anytime soon! The only reason I am giving Squeal two stars is because their sides are great! The grits, corn, collard greens, mac n cheese, potato salad, and beans are great! everything else though isn't anything to drool over.
Bottom line: Lousy service, way to long of a wait for mediocre bbq, and idiots work in the kitchen.A nice surprise good wings an onion rings not bad for something we were not looking for in N.O.Nice ambience on Maple that really has the potential to be a great barbeque setting.  The wait staff was friendly and service was good.  I ordered the Hickory Smoked 2 Meat plate - brisket and pulled pork.  Unfortunately, I was overwhelmed by the barbeque sauce.  It was incredibly sweet and completely overtook the taste of the meat.  I want to be able to experience the quality of the meat, as well as have a great sauce that compliments it.  Instead, it felt like, "would you like a little meat with your sauce?"  I'm disappointed because I was really hoping that this place would be great.What can I say about Squeal which hasn't already been said - the food is fantastic and the wait staff is always funny. I highly recommend the pork tacos, it is a menagerie of flavors in three mouthfuls. Also the new specials -duck and red fish- are great (go for the red fish with crab guac, delicious).The food is outstanding. I would give Squeal five stars but the service wasn't very good at first. They eventually got it together and we had an amazing experience. The empanadas are to die for...well, I wouldn't recommend dying but  you should try them.  If you visit (and I hope you will),  there are two things that you have to try: Grits and Ribs. They're the best in town.I'm a huge fan of the food at Squeal. Being from New Jersey, BBQ always meant grilled burgers and hot dogs, so things like pulled pork, ribs, and smoked sausage were never really things I ate or even liked. However, Squeal changed all of that.  The ribs are divine. Just enough fat, meat, and sauce. Fantastic.
I'm a huge fan of the sides as well, the hush puppies are great as is the grits and collard greens (though I wish it was smoked turkey instead of pork). 
The tacos are good but I question why there are so many. The smoked pork one is probably the best and I highly recommend that to everyone who visits Squeal.
The one thing that is hit and miss for me is the wait staff. There have been times when I'm greeted like I'm one of the family and other times when I am ignore for the better part of 10 minutes. 
All and all, great food and ok prices.It's plain bbq, nothing special. 
Ribs: Quite moist, but nothing outstanding. I've bought better bbq at the local Winn Dixie.
Squeal Pie: A slop of mashed potatoes and booocoooo cheese. I felt guilty for even tasting it. It was awful.
Pulled Pork Poboy: This tasted dry. The only thing good was the bread it was on.
Boudain Balls: The only thing that was delish. So, if anything.. Get this!
Service: the waiter was annoying. We mentioned that we were in a for a quick bite when we first sat down. Every time he came with a dish, he kept talking and wouldn't leave to let us eat. 
Food would be good here if it was consistent and they had better service. Great location though..First time at Squeal. It was lunch time. I had the hankering for some sweet ass BBQ. I got a half a rack and two sides of coleslaw.
I got it to go and the coleslaw was warmed up by the time I got home because it was in the same box.  Don't care for warm coleslaw. They also included three hush puppies that reminded me of pigeon balls. The ribs were dry and the sauce was kinda burnt. Yesterday's bones methinks.  Yuck. 
Worst BBQ ever? Yes.
Ya know, I once punched a Rueben Samich cause it tasted like shit. That ole feeling came back when I ate these ribs.
So disappointed.Food is great, service is great. Pork cake appetizer is awesome. Pork with grits was very good as we're the pork tacos. My dad never really likes any place we take him in New Orleans and he requests this place every time he visits.I was in town for the French Quarter Festival, and wanted to check out Oak Street eateries.  The street was all dug up, but friendly locals directed us to a parking spot nearby.  Our target restaurants were closed, but we stumbled upon Squeal.  A good thing.  I have had BBQ throughout the south, Texas, and on both coasts, and the ribs here were The Best!   Seriously, I have never had such juicy, meaty, fall-off-the-bone, perfectly spiced ribs in 40+ years of searching.  If you live in or visit this city and like BBQ ribs, try this place out.  Ample quantities, and amazing sides.  Cheese corn girts, and collard greens alone were worth the visit.  And the hush puppies....the first I have EVER had the had any character at all.
Friendly staff, nice room and veranda, several fine beers on tap.Can't say enough about this place, great food and great owners and staff! Best BBQ in Nola :)Ummmm... The pork belly "award winning" Poboy was dry and so tough it was just dreadful. The sides were okay but frankly bland. I expect so VERY much more here in New Orleans. The staff was super polite but it the food...needs a lot of work.
Oh and 5 buck for an Abita Amber? Yeah pass.Decent BBQ. I'm from Kansas City, so I may be biased, but the food here is definitely good. If you're looking for a cheap night, just get the Nachos. They're gargantuan, and could feed 3 people just by themselves. Other than that, everything I've had is ok there, especially since it is not that expensive. The service is good, and the atmosphere is, if nothing else, inoffensive. I'll probably continue eating here to get my cheap barbecue fix.Bland atmosphere. I do love the pulled pork tacos, but I have tried a variety of sides, and have been disappointed in them all (which is crazy because I love cheesy grits! and mac 'n cheese!).
Reasonable prices, and not too crowded, but also not really a fun/exciting/delicious place to go.Decent food, slow service...a few people walked out after being over looked several times. Had the ribs, which were tasty but literally charred. Needed BBQ sauce so I could eat it without scraping my mouth. Husband loved the Squeal Pie, a southern shepherd pie with cheese and I liked the greens with the apple cider vinegar, but a little too much vinegar.
Looks like it's mainly for the local college students and doesn't have to worry about presentation, quality or speed. Maybe it was a bad day, but not particularly impressed. Especially located next to the famed Jacques-Imo's. 
Worth a shot, but go in a group and get liquored up first.The fried boudin balls were O.K. though Cochon's version is much better.  The black-eyed pea egg rolls were divine. I wasn't blown away by their barbecue sauce, but the pulled pork had a good, smoky taste by itself. The squeal pie was unlike anything I've ever had stateside, but it kinda' reminded me of the shepherd's pie I sampled in the U.K. Very unique and tasty combination of pulled pork, corn maque choux, andouille mashed potatoes, and cheddar cheese. The roasted corn and cheese grits make for a great side. The hushpuppies do not. The service was prompt and friendly. I'm looking forward to a return trip to sample the ribs.This town is not known for its BBQ, but Squeal is pretty good. Probably second best. But I like it. Up until last week, it was my fav BBQ in NOLA, and I will still come here. 
They do also have some truly great southern sides. Greens, Grits, Beans, corn.i've been here twice and have had a pretty decent meal. It's a little expensive for traditional BBQ places, but you'll leave satisfied. I wouldn't recommend getting the spicy corn as a side item because it's not that good and neither is the mac and cheese. I think everything else is pretty solid. Also, I will say one thing - the only reason this isn't getting 5 stars is because the side item portions are WAY TO SMALL. I think if you want an extra side or just a side order of something, it's anywhere from $4 and up. For the SIZE, that's outrageous. Either lower the price of the side items, or make the portions a little larger. I had to eat my sides conservatively to make sure they lasted through my entree. I shouldn't have to worry about not having enough.Allow me to begin this by saying one thing.  I love pig.  Seriously, pig might just be natures candy.  Due to my love of swine I was glad to finally try Squeal.  
All in all Squeal was good.  The smoked pork by itself was, punch me in the neck, tasty.  However, when put together in their signature dish (the Squeal Pie) it was lost in a blur of flavors.  Granted, I am not a huge fan of foods mixed together - I tend to let my stomach do that.
Our group tried the puled pork sandwich (which was delicious), the Squeal Pie ( which was like eating bbq baby food), the black eyed pea egg rolls ( consistency was meh, but the flavor was good), and last but not least the pulled pork nachos ( which were so good it made me want to make sounds that might have been inappropriate at the table).
We enjoyed Squeal and we will be back.  We loved the ambiance and our server was great.  She even made extra efforts to get our 3 year old juice.
If you love pig then here is a place to enjoy it.1. Super friendly staff.
2. Tons of craft beers.
3. Bacon Jalapeno Mac & Cheese.
If you're giving this any less than 5 stars, than you're either a vegetarian or just a low-down-dirty-hater.Well worth the drive uptown. The online menu did not match what was actually there, but the selection and food was still very good. Tried a specialty drink called "The Gardener" which was like a mojito with a jalepeno twist. Good service and friendly staff.Absolutely horrible service!!!!  We waited 45 minutes for our food and the sides were cold and had no flavor.  The ribs and pulled pork were very good - but that was it.  The waitress never checked on us after she brought our food.  She didn't offer drink refills or ask if we wanted dessert.  We had to wait 30 minutes after eating just to get our check.  Very overpriced!  $3 for a coke and no refill.  If I ever go back it will be to place a to go order just for the BBQ.I just ate at Squeal Tuesday night. The food is always awesome, especially the pork cakes - I would highly recommend them. 
The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is that the service is always just ok ... if not pretty bad to be honest. You usually have to remind them about something you ordered, or be prepared to to get something slightly other than what you asked for. But, the food is still great, and the environment makes you feel like you're eating at the restaurant from True Blood ! 
Check them out !The ribs are are an absolute religious experience. 
Wonderful ownership, very personable and accommodating. Staff is great, always good beers on tap.We just kind of stumbled across this place so that we could kill time before going to Jacques-Imo's. We sat at the bar and ordered drinks and some food to munch on. It was a bad idea just on the basis that the portions were so big.
My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork tacos. It came with three tacos, and it wasn't too bad. the pulled pork wasn't as tender and flavorful as I wanted it to be, but it was just a snack.
Our friends ordered the pulled pork nachos. The half portion was too big. The thing was covered with shredded cheese, which hardened after a while. That wasn't very appetizing.
The chef was nice enough to give us a dish for free. He made us grilled duck with a citrus sauce. It wasn't on the menu, and it was actually delicious! The duck fat was rendered down and it was slightly pink, just how I like it. The sauce was delicious too! That's what pushed me over. I shouldn't have indulged in this dish, especially considering how big the portions at Jacques-Imo's are.This is not bbq, not even close. I'm not sure what they are going for, I think they're trying to make bbq more highbrow/upscale, but that is not the essence of what bbq is to me. The greens we're very oily and they don't have proper vinegar available. The DBLT tacos were fair at best, the pulled pork sandwich was saved by their bbq sauce (and also why Squeal gets 2 stars from me... the sauce is legit) the baked beans where by my estimation from a can, which is fine, but please do something to make them yours. Potato salad is Carolina mustard style, not bad but not memorable.
The service was lacking, had to ask for tea refills, she picked the cup up by the rim between her thumb and forefinger. Waited twenty minutes just tob pay, and the server wasn't interested in helping me until it came time to collect the tip, she came running. 
In short, not bbq, not memorable and not anything there to bring me back.We went out to Squeal on a recomendation of a friend while we were visiting the French quarter. A trolley ride through the garden district and a pleasant walk on foot brought us to some of the best bbq i've had anywhere.
The staff was very nice and i really enjoyed the southern feel of the whole place. Very laid back and relaxing. Good selection of beer, but the food stole the show.
Get the Won tons. I know they sound weird but they're worth it. The bbq and grits was a great mix of flavors and everything on the plate stood up well not only as an individual item but complemented the other food paired with it perfectly. We will be coming back here for sure next time we head down South.Went there again today figured I would take another chance it was around lunch they only had two tables ,they were already out of Mac and cheese,and burgers right after lunch this place is ruined forever!I think they should quit while they can.So bad... So very, very bad. 
I went with a small group.
I had heard so many positive things about the place, but across the board, it was bad.
I had a half rack of the ribs. They were cold, dry, burnt, disgusting... There is no other way to help this. I ordered extra sauce to help... the sauce  even tasted burnt.
My sides were the mac and cheese and the Corn Maque Choux. The mac tasted like lumpy, watery american cheese, and I love Kraft. The corn was the only good thing. It was super spicy without being overwhelming. 
We also ordered the Boudin Balls. These were fine. Nothing special, nothing horrible.
I won't speak for my friends, suffice to say that they weren't happy with theirs either.
Everyone ate less than half of their meals.
The waitress was nice, sweet and attentive. However, she did charge me for a specialty beer $5, when I ordered and drank a domestic. I pointed this out to her to have her correct the small price difference and she balked... 
I won't be going back. $100 tab including tip and everyone left hungry.
Side note: The tacos that they sell on Wednesdays in the square are always excellent.If I could give it 6 stars I would. Between the service and food this place is great! The jalapeño hush puppies are OFF THE CHAIN! a lil salty, but the honey butter is a great dip. The pork cakes were kinda dry so I won't be getting those again, but that just makes more room for the black eye peas egg rolls which are pretty awesome. Even the Arnold Palmer is good. Plus the chef brought us a free order of pulled pork tacos just because he overlooked greeting us when we 1st came in, if that ain't good customer service, I don't know what is! And to be honest... We didn't even notice but shhhhhh.. Again GREAT FOOD + GREAT SERVICE = a happy customer cause I will certainly be returning.If you say BBQ, I say I'm in!
I was quite excited to come and seeing the smoker outside made that feeling even stronger. My experience though, did not reflect that. Service was slow and unorganized like it was a restaurant that had just opened and they were working out the kinks. However, to my knowledge this place has been around for quite some time, so it just was not acceptable.
One good thing I can say is that they did try to be nice and make up for it. We were undecided on the sides and the server suggested we get the Corn Maque Choux. We didn't know what it was so he gave it to us free so we could try.
Despite the smoker outside, the food did not live up to the expectation. It was mostly room temperature food that I wished they would have at least gave it more time to heat up. I rather fresh food but if you are going to reheat at least make it hot, especially the Corn Cheese Grit (which we were mistakenly given), and the Mac & Cheese.
The Cole Slaw had the right temperature, it was not bad but just wasn't that great.
The same goes for the BBQ Pork Tacos. It wasn't bad but the tortillas were stale/over toasted and took away from the taste.
Regardless of all of that was eaten, the Ribs is what really determines the experience. The were moist and actually smoked and well prepared, but were not hot and which made it disappointing.
Although service needs a lot of work and the food could have been a lot better, since I went, they have updated their menu, so it may be worth another try.We stumbled on this BBQ joint since we could not endure the two plus hr wait at Jacques-Imo. We were greeted by Eugene, who turned out to be one of the owners. He boasted about how Texas doesn't know BBQ like Squeal does......Eugene comes CORRECT!!! It's apparent that they select excellent high quality meats to start with and then amp it with the best hickory smoked juicy bbq flavor i have ever had in a food joint. SO CRAZY GOOD! Eugene is not messing around. He also served up the best collard greens in all of NOLA. Fresh, crisp, a lil spice, a lil sweet and so perfectly flavorful. Hush puppies with green chilies were outstanding as well. Squeal will make you scream for BBQ. Dig it!!! Worth the drive if you want to get out of the French Quarter for a meaty feast or if your just in the area. Squeal rocks!A group from my alma mater came into town this week to work with Habitat and I was given the honor of being a tour guide for them. Unfortunately, due to a mix-up with the size of the van, we weren't able to do a driving tour of a few different neighborhoods. Instead, they suggested that I do a walking tour of my neighborhood after dinner in the area. So now I had to pick a spot near my place for dinner. Well, rather than suggesting one place, I provided the group with a few options that fit their budget and were open to people under 21.
Squeal was the group's second choice and, when the first choice did not work out, I called during lunch and made a reservation for a party of 13 for 6:30. I arrived a little after 6:30 and the group had already arrived before me. When I walked in, a server saw me and said, "Your party is already here. They're in the back." I guess I must have looked like I was looking around for people, but I was pleasantly surprised by her putting two and two together and taking the risk of guessing that I was part of the group.
I joined my group and told them what was supposed to be good according to the Yelp reviews I had read. I'm not sure how much earlier everyone else got there, but as soon as I sat down, our server (the same girl that greeted me and directed me to the table) was bringing water and iced tea. She then gave us a couple more minutes and then took the order. Everything was going very smoothly.
I was slightly worried that it would take a crazy long time before our food made it to our table because of some of the reviews I had read, but this was not a problem at all. Maybe it was because we were there on a Tuesday night, but the food came out very quickly.
I ordered the pulled pork plate with the collard greens and the grits. Everyone on here is right. The greens *were* really good. I enjoyed the pork and the grits as well (I was excited about having left-over pulled pork to make tacos with). Ooh and the hush puppies were yummy as well. My friend to my left ordered the chicken plate and received a huuuuge piece of chicken with her two sides. Folks around me who ordered the ribs seemed to enjoy it and said that the meat was falling off the bones. Also ordered were wings, gumbo, jerk chicken tacos, veggie nachos, and black beans and rice. There were a couple of people who had dietary restrictions (one vegetarian and one non-pork eater) and they were able to find items that worked for them and seemed to enjoy their meal.
Our server was delightful throughout the meal and did everything right for our party of 13. I was especially grateful because these are out-of-towners and I wanted them to have a good nola dining experience. Natalia (I hope I spelled it right! I approached her to ask her name after the meal because the receipt didn't have her name on it and I wanted to give her a shout out.) took very good care of us and it was clear that everyone had a great time. Thanks so much!2.5 really. Was our second option after being turned down up the street for having too big of a party. We were lured in by the smell of the chickens smoking in the front yard. Good tactic.  Being a party of 7, we were thankful that we were seated promptly.  The service here: horrendous.   Upon being seated, we waited at least 10-15 minutes before our waitress even showed her face.  She handed us the menus and left without taking drink orders.  Finally after another 10-15 minutes she came back and took our drink orders.  We decided to order everything all at once (perhaps we knew what was to come).  Our table ordered two appetizers: the nachos and hush puppies. Both were nothing to rave about.  The nachos had the shredded cheese melted on. No. Then came more and more waiting.  We noticed people who arrived after us receiving their meals before us. Feeling like we were waiting for our turn at the doctor, our party grew frustrated and antsy. Finally! Our entrees arrived!-- Well half of them.  The other half came about 7-8 minutes later. Wasn't too impressed with my entree (pork over grits) but my boyfriends green onion sandwich with coleslaw on top was actually very good. We complained to the manager who then comped our entire meal.  Management messed up a whole lot of the meal, but they did do the right thing in giving us our meal entirely for free.  What was supposed to be a quick Saturday lunch turned into a 2.5 hour affair.They ran out of ice, so there were not drinks. The server was creepily hanging around the whole time and kept staring at us when he wasn't asking us "how everything was." Uh, thanks. You asked that five minutes ago. The collard greens were INCREDIBLE. I give a whole star for that. But my ribs were salty, tough, and dry. Definitely unacceptable for BBQ. Not going back.We always make the trip out to squeel whenever we visit new Orleans.   The pork nachos are amazing and a perfect Hangover cure!!Pork cakes are awesome!!!! Please do yourself a favor and try the tacos!!Had a great time last night! Was my first time @ Squeal. Sat  at the bar and the chef came out and asked us to try a few new Friday night small plate ideas he was trying out. Can I say I LOVEDDD the fish on a bed of greens and a plantain cake topped with fresh pineapple salsa. Can't beat it for $6!  Really relaxed vibe, friendly staff, and super good food. He brought out the duck leg next. Yep, it tasted like chicken.  Don't miss it late night on Fridays!!! Woo Hoo!Very good service. Our server claimed everything was the best in town. While I doubt it was true, it was surely worth the trip. You will leave feeling that your taste buds had a great time!I went here for the second time today.  The first time I had the pork tacos which were excellent!!!  Today I went again with the same friend.  She got the pork tacos, and I got the beef brisket tacos as well as the boudin balls.  I thought the boudin balls were very dry and there wasn't much remoulade sauce.  I ended up eating the insides of two of them and left the coating they were fried in.  I took the other two home.
The beef brisket in the tacos was so dry....yikes!  I asked the waitress for more BBQ sauce thinking I could moisten them up.  She brought it out, and that made them a bit more moist.  All of the sudden, the chef came out with this HUGE plate of beef brisket with the BBQ sauce on top.  OMG!  I wasn't complaining, just trying to make the taco more palatable.  I had a few bites of the brisket which was very moist and excellent.  At that point, I was pretty well done and left two tacos, but took the brisket and boudin balls in a to go box.  If you want tacos, go for the pork tacos.  They are the best.
The waitress was one of the best I've encountered in a very long time.  Unfortunately, I don't remember her name, but she was great!This is the real deal. Best St. Luis ribs I've eaten to date. Even the deserts are smoky delicious (chocolate peanut butter brownie with ice cream, bacon and delicate slices of  caramelized banana).
The duck 3-way was excellent!  
Greta staff great service!I liked this place so much that I had to immediately write a review! People, everyone has BBQ preferences, as you can clearly see from some of these negative reviews. I'm a southern girl who loves BBQ, and my husband I thoroughly enjoyed every minute of our dinner. We both got the brisket platter with different sides. Seeing as though it is Mardi Gras day, I was happy that the only things they were out of were fries and the Mac-n-cheese that I was looking forward to. Brisket was delicious. The sauce was tangy and complimented the smokey flavor well. The corn and cheese grits were perfect. We were both surprised by the option of baked black or white beans. We chose black beans and it was spicy and smokey and unique. We enjoyed them and would order them again. The coleslaw is different. It's not your usual heavy mayo southern slaw. It was sweet and very subtle. I couldn't put my finger on the one ingredient that made it so different. It was a good coolness to break the stronger flavors of the beans and brisket. However, it's not my personal favorite. I look forward to going back and trying the pulled pork and the Mac n cheese!All fat, no meat on my brisket sandwich. And there was WAY more bread than anything else! Won't be back. Service was equally unimpressive.it could have been my bourbon-primed stomach, but i really liked the food that i ordered here last night. i had the pulled pork entree with potato salad and baked beans.  the pork was cooked just right and was covered in a sweet and spicy barbeque sauce.  the beans and potato salad were tasty but not memorable.  truth be told, though, i'm not a big fan of sides; they take up too much gastric real estate that would be better occupied by smoked meat.  
i couldn't finish all the food that was piled on my plate (but i'm a ~*dainty lady*~) so at about 13 bucks (which includes tax but not tip), i thought it was a steal.
my dining mates each liked their individual entrees and felt like they were well sated for the price.
heads-up: my beer-swilling friend ordered the LA 31 smoked wheat beer but, upon tasting it, was disappointed.  he didn't expect it to be as sweet as it was and stated that it had a syrupy mouthfeel.  
bonus: TONS of outdoor seating.I'm not a big fan of BBQ but these guys are good. I had a burger when I went and was very impressed. The service was great when I went but I have heard of others having a bad experience.My boyfriend and I decided to stop in here after rejecting an hour wait at Jacques-Imos. It was pretty late and I was surprised they were still open. Our waiter, Charlie, was very happy to seat and serve us. We ordered a half-rack of ribs, perfect for two hungry people. The sauce was spectacular and the meat you could literally suck off the bone! Charlie had some great recommendations for beer and desert- he was spot on every time, and was very knowledgeable!  We'll definitely go back, I've got to try the beef brisket.Squeal is bringing real Southern BBQ to the Uptwon/Riverbend area, but there are a few problems that need to be worked on for the place to be as indispensable as The Joint. While the meats themselves were smoky, flavorful and cooked to perfection, and the sides I sampled were mostly great, some of the peripheral concerns - service, ambiance, the "house" BBQ sauce, and some of the non-BBQ dishes - were definitely not up to par during my visit.
Meat: the St. Louis ribs were delicious. We got a full rack for the table, and they did not disappoint. The "bark" from the rub was delicious, and the meat was fall-off-the-bone tender. I know there are some differences of opinion out there on the "correct" level of rib done-ness (some say they should stick to the bone and retain some chewiness), but I'm a fan of the fall-off-the-bone doneness level, so it didn't bother me. The pulled pork was tender and not grainy at all. The chicken was flavorful, even though the white meat was dry. I was not able to sample the brisket, as it had run out when I visited. Our waitress, who was very nice but was definitely flustered and "in the weeds" during our visit (despite the fact that the dining room was far from full), said something to us that indicated that the meat may be pre-smoked and then warmed in conventional ovens to order, which is disappointing, and probably accounts for the dryness of the chicken. However, this process did not ruin the pulled pork or the ribs.
Sides: The collard greens were excellent. The bacon & jalapeno mac n' cheese was good, although there was not enough bacon or jalapenos to significantly alter the flavor of the dish, which was a standard, if well-executed, dish of penne pasta with a creamy white cheddar sauce. The roasted corn & cheese grits were very good. The cole slaw was average.
Appetizers: The black-eyed pea egg rolls were yummy, similar to a southwestern egg roll that you might get at a chain restaurant, but with a Southern twist that made them better and less typical. The jalapeno corn hush puppies with honey butter were awesome, the best hush puppies I've ever had. Three hush puppies come with every BBQ platter.
The not-so-good: My sister is not a fan of red meat, so she ordered the fish tacos. They were awful. The fried fish used in the tacos had a strong fishy smell and taste, usually a clear sign that the fish is not fresh, and may in fact be going bad. The taste and smell was so objectionable that she could not even finish one taco. We told the waitress about the problem, but the tacos were not removed from our bill. Another problem was the house sauce. The primary flavor notes were sweet and spicy. There was no vinegar taste at all. This wouldn't have been a problem if Squeal had - like many other BBQ places - offered a few different sauces to suit different tastes. We asked the waitress if there were any other varieties we could sample, but she confirmed that the default sauce was the only sauce that was offered.
Service: The dining room is small and dominated by a gigantic big-screen HDTV usually tuned to sports. The size of the screen makes it difficult not to stare at, which is a problem when you are dining with a group and end up being antisocial because your gaze is captured by the giant luminescent hypno-box. The walls of the restaurant are covered with art that so kitschy and terrible it is distracting: NOLA Neo-Impressionism is the best word for it, even though that makes it sound more important that it is. It sucks. When I visited, our waitress was breathlessly running around, so busy she could not be attentive. We waited a long time to give our orders, get our drinks refilled, etc. Some of our requests went unfulfilled: we ordered sweet tea and never received it, we asked what the fish of the day was and were never told. It was strange because as far as well could tell she only had three tables to serve. She was very flustered and could not answer many questions about the menu, which may indicate that she is new.
There are isolated aspects of Squeal - the pulled pork, the collard greens, the egg rolls - that are superior to The Joint, the other contender for NOLA's best BBQ. However, there are enough major negatives - the sauce, the service, the weird ambiance, those awful fish tacos - that make Squeal, in the final analysis, not nearly as appealing as The Joint.I suppose I am not destined to eat at Squeal BBQ. The owner? or server? for our table was rude and unconcerned with us (I went with my son) .  
Here are the issues:  
* Flies inside the door and a wooden floor that was dirty and sticky.
* There was no one to greet us.
* After three minutes, a guy drops off paper menus (with contained at least 1 spelling mistake), takes the order (root beer and an unsweetened tea), quickly gets the drinks and drops them off without napkins, cutlery, or sweetner.
*keep in mind, there were only 5 tables in use and there was another server...we didn't see our server at our table for another 12 minutes.
*when i asked him (when he was nearby) if another server could help us, he walked away by saying it was going to be him. I asked if i could at least have some sweetener and he left the area without acknowledging my request. 
Obviously, he didn't realize how hungry we were, but I did mention it was our first time (did he disregard my comment?) so a little professional courtesy would have been very appropriate. If he was too busy with chores to help me, couldn't he have asked me for a few moments? We walked out in frustration, heading 30 minutes away to another bbq restaurant.
For the record, the 5 sides (corn maque choux. collard greens, white beans, coleslaw, and grits) did not appeal to my son.  The menu seemed to need a kid-friendly addition.  
I would not recommend Squea to anyonel at this time.Delicious BBQ!! Pulled pork was fantastic. The hush puppies with honey butter couldn't have been better. I highly recommend this place.Weird experience, we had three different servers that all asked us for our drink order. Horrible fatty meat, not hot. We were very dissapointed. I ordered the brisket entree and they gave me pulled pork instead with half brisket.
Never going back
Horrible Easter experienceAmazing food, impeccable service and generous portions. The owner/chef was incredibly hospitable and provided more options than we could even consider! The ribs were 2nd to none, the honey butter for the hush puppies melted in your mouth and the options for duck and pulled pork were numerous and delicious! Do NOT miss "the Elvis" dessert, a bacon and peanut butter brownie with carmelized bananas and vanilla ice cream. Thanks to the staff for a fantastic experience and to the chef for an amazing meal !