Presentation blew me away!! Food was great too! My boyfriend said he left hungry, but I definitely didn't. Everything was amazing. I'd recommend the sorbets for dessert.Despite the name, Stella is not traditional New Orleans cuisine. It is more of a gourmet experience with New Orleans overtones. 
My wife and I had the risotto appetizer (extraordinary), fish and chips (deconstructed and put back together by a gourmet wizard), and lamb like no other I've ever had. For dessert we split a bananas foster French toast which was excellent. Our friends had some funky egg appetizer which my friend wasn't happy with, duck five ways and the fish and chips. They had another appetizer and dessert that I can't remember. 
The araucana egg appetizer had some other kind of egg, not the blue egg that was supposed to come with it. In response to my friend's email, the owner said they had goofed up and apologized but didn't offer any sort of accommodation. 
The ambience was nice but not overwhelming. The tables were far enough apart that we could talk. 
Yes, the service is pretentious. Veddy pretentious. But I'd get a big head too if I were serving food this good. And they advised me not to wear a coat and tie when I called to make the reservation. Nor did the officious waitress flinch when we ordered beer instead of wine.I could not have chosen a better restaurant with which to end my culinary journey through New Orleans.  The service is exceptionally attentive and give you the sense you are the only table in the room (there are no more than 10, though).  The food is creative and made from the finest ingredients.  
From beginning to end, we could not have been disappointed.  The biscuits were warm and made me want seconds, thirds, and more.  It was only the promise of such good things to come that kept me away from that third.  The menu changes very frequently, so unfortunately you may not be able to share these wonderful courses.  I started with the carrots-done-7-ways appetizer and was thrilled with the creativity and insight that went into creating so many bites.  Carrot as a sorbet, a gelee, and a foam all on one plate fascinated me.  But I was saving up for more to come: the lobster.  I'm finishing this review a month later and still remember the decadence of each buttery bite.  I do not expect to find a rival entree for many fine restaurants to come.  Full on the extravagant courses, I skipped dessert, but my companions were very pleased with their choices- even the grilled cheese!  But we walked out with a few bonbons to help make our way back to the hotel and stave us over until the morning.
As I've made it known on my page, I have been traveling regularly to New Orleans for business over the last several months and dined at many fine restaurants.  I've had many wonderful meals and delightful experiences, but Stella! has by far shown brighter than the rest.One of the best dining experiences I have had.  We did a tasting menu with pairings.  The pace was great, the pairings were perfect, and the food was fantastic.  I would highly recommend this restaurant.Stunningly conceived and executed, Stella! elevates New Orleans cuisine far beyond any other restaurant in the city.
First time in NOLA. Wanted to experience all the wonderful New Orleans food that I had been hearing about for decades. And I did, with mixed results. Don't get me wrong, I loved most everything. But my general impression was, ok, that was all right. Nothing hit me. Nothing said, OMG. Then came Stella! and the OMG was back! Fiercely back! Every dish was thoughtfully and artfully conceived, lavishly orchestrated, proudly presented with reverence, a true sensory delight to behold and to savor. And savor I did! I decided on the Chef's tasting menu, a seven course exploration into the history and creativity of chef/owner Scott Boswell, whom I believe will usher in the next generation of extraordinary dining to a city long on reputation, but at times short on delivery.
After just one spoonful of the first course, the roasted potato and black truffle puree with Applewood smoked bacon, fingerling potatoes and caviar creme fraiche, I looked up at my wife and slowly smiled. I knew I was finally in a restaurant that charged my imagination and would artfully deliver on the promise of the New Orleans cuisine I had so hoped to experience.
How could you not be delighted with the presentation of a hard boiled egg shell filled with Canadian lobster, North Shore farm egg and American paddlefish caviar? The taste delighted and tantalized.
It went on and on, and I wanted it to go on and on. Each dish, a small treasure, delivered in a very big way. The menu was detailed, imaginative and enticing, fulfilling the promise and the reverence for southern Louisiana cuisine. I was delighted to learn that Chef Boswell grew up in Louisiana, and wasn't an import with an agenda.
The service was attentive, joyful, informative, without being cloying. 
I can hardly wait to come back to New Orleans, just so that I can try every dish on the menu. I'm that excited about this place.
Hands down, the finest dining experience in the city.This was fabulous. Service was classy & professional without being intrusive. We decided not to go with the prix fixe, and ordered a la carte. I had the oysters, ate them in the order the server recommended. Delicious - last one had wasabi, nice kick at the end. My partner had sweetbreads which were also very good. I am not familiar with this, but I did taste it and have to say it was pretty pretty pretty good.
For entrees,  I had red snapper with fried oysters, on a bed of jambayla rissotto. My partner had the drumfish which I never had - fabulous. A local fish. Superb.
I wasn't sure about going, and not happy about the $50 charge per person if you cxl less than 24 hours, but this should be on your list if you can afford it.
The tables that ordered the prix fixe, service was literally choreographed like a ballet.Well done!Stella is an upscale place with a quaint, soothing interior fitting of a fine restaurant.  Heavy curtains and neutral colors present a dignified air about the place.
I had a seven course tasting menu.  Each course seemed better than the last.  All were extremely creative and tasty, with combinations of flavors that I had not experienced.   The beef really stood out from the rest of the courses a bit.  The entire service required three hours.  A la carte ordering is also possible.
The service and presentation was highly professional, but a touch snobbish.  There definitely seemed to be an awarness of the more important guests by the staff.  The staff seemed disinterested at times.  The chef (Scott) was great.  After the evening began to grow late, he graciously went to each table and spoke to guests as if they were old friends and listened to customer comments and questions.
Stella requires reservations and is expensive.  I gave it four stars next to other very expensive restaurants with multi-course tasting menus.  (not to be compared to the four stars I would give to Chick-Fil-A for their fast service and chicken strips).We went here with high expectations for a spectacular meal but were very disappointed. The service was not up to par for a high end restaurant, the food was decent but not what I would expect. We usually go to fairly high end restaurants and saved Stella for the last day of our trip to New Orleans. There definitely was an air of arrogance given off by much of the staff while we were there. Our experience there almost makes us not want to go here again, but given the rave reviews people gave the place, we are willing to give it another try and hope that we have a different experience. 
Visited October 2012This restaurant is divine.  I've had the experience twice before moving away from New Orleans and may I say it is well worth spending the money.  The evening was heavenly, for every bite was like a symphony.  The staff is knowledgeable and fun.  The final time my husband and I ate there we did the tasting with the wine pairing and really it was superb ~ thank youThis restaurant is amazing!  My husband and I went to this restaurant not knowing what to expect.  We just wanted to eat somewhere close to our hotel after a 6-hour drive.  We were blown away by the food, the service (this is a dressy restaurant, and we were wearing casual clothes crumpled after our long drive - our server was unperturbed) and the incredible desserts!  Try the grilled cheese dessert - it was unexpected and truly delicious.Never made it to the restaurant to eat but had to share my negative experience with the reservations clerk. My husband and I were in New Orleans for our honeymoon and based on the food reviews I had booked Stella weeks in advance. The day of our reservation we took a swamp tour and realized we wouldn't make it back to the hotel to change into appropriate dinner attire. Being conscientious, I called Stella to cancel, fully realizing I would be charged the $50 deposit. My beef is that the girl who took my cancellation call was incredibly snotty to me. I have read other reviews that also allude to the pretentiousness of Stella. I have to say that after my brief experience, I am quite glad that I cancelled! Try Emeril's instead. They treated us with class and the food was excellent.I have to admit this was not my favorite resturant in New Orleans. If you are not a fan of bizaar food, small portions and very exspensive food then trust me this is not the place for you! We came to this resturant on a suggestion from a family friend (I may de-friend this person now LOL) and were not impressed at all. The service was amazing until the end of the night when our bill totaling 1300 dollars yes thats right 1300 for 6 people and 4 glasses of wine, that would be 216 dollars a person. (Crazy) The gratuidy is included and when we didn's add an additional tip the mater'd proceded to be rude and when a member of our party tripped out the door his comment was "Justice for low tippers), he had no idea another person in our party was standing right behind him. I will not be coming back here and if I were you I would find another resturant that is amazing because there are truly some good ones in New Orlens!The food was excellent but this is definitely not a place to go to if you are hungry.  In true tasting menu fashion the plates were small enough and spread out enough to leave you hungry for more!  **Beware the Korean Barbecue option is an additional $100I had semi high expectations for Stella.  We had been have a hard time finding delicious food in the area (we tried August/Luke/Bayona) but had heard amazing things about Stella.  I'm defiantly not okay with their use of shark fin's but I was willing to overlook that in hopes for a knock -your socks- off meal. 
First of all, the other reviews are correct in that the service is a bit stuffy.  However, the service wasn't good either.  My friend and I were starving when we arrived for our 9pm reservation and she asked for some bread.  The server said it was on its way.  Dumb di dumb time passes by.  She asks again.  Same response. Dumb  di dumb.  We had questions about the wine and chatted up the assistant sommelier.  Apparently she was busy because she took forever to get back to use with tastes.  Finally, she returned and I just blind ordered a bottle because at that point, we needed a drink.  As she was pouring I told her my friend still needed that bread.  She responded that the bread service comes out after your drinks. Umm.  I don't care what's customary, she asked for bread three times before receiving it...just give her the bread, you know?  Whats the big deal.  I'll tell you the big deal.  We were sitting there with no wine and no bread for one hour.  Yes, you read that right. One hour.
  When a server finally got around to us, we ordered the squash soup, crab/avacado salad and the lobster risotto.  The soup was simply amazing with shaved chocolate on top. Divine.  The crab salad was also delicious.  The risotto, however, was undercooked and defiantly a dish to steer clear of.  The reviews rave about it so perhaps it was an off night.  My friend had the beef for an entree...again something to stay clear off.  The meat had little taste and absolutely no sear on it.  The veggies were blah.  My duck entree tasted like salt and hoisin sauce. Period.  The foie gras dumplings were the only tasty item on that dish.  The servers felt bad for our troubles and agreed to switch the duck for the venison dish.  This was much much better...the meat was well cooked and sauce, however very heavy, complimented the dish well.  Again with the veggies...BLAH.  All in all it was a good $25 dish...too bad they charge $47 for it.
The service, the food, the attitude was meh.  Perhaps I would go again for that squash soup and salad but not for a full meal.Stella ruined our New Years Eve in New Orleans!!!  Terrible phone staff was incorrect about the preset menu pricing. First we were told they need my credit card for the cancellation policy and that we could pay cash. It wasn't until the confirmation call informed us it was a preset menu and my card was being billed for $175. I asked if that was for the two of us total and she said YES. I asked if it included gratuity and she said YES. Once the bill came it was automatically charged for $175 per person and a added 20% gratuity was applied in addition. This was 3x more than I was quoted. The food was terrible and staff was unorganized bringing us dishes we had just finished. I was furious when my bill came. Thanks for the terrible experience Stella!!!The best foie gras i have had in a long time...the beet salad was like eating candy...so yummy!
The lamb chop and veal sirloin melted in our mouth....
It was fun to see the white gloves go on, even kind of funny!
Service was great and the atmosphere was cozy. 
We will go back every time we visit New Orleans!Spent 11 nights eating out in New Orleans, and this was the best overall experience.  Everything from the Margarita to the tasting menu to the service could not have been better.  The decor is comfortable and pleasant.  It's a short walk from the hub of the French Quarter.  I rate Stella as a top 100 in the world kind of restaurant.  You won't be disappointed.We heard mixed reviews on Stella but we wanted to try it.  The menu sounded so imaginative.  The duck fat rolls that start the meal were the highlight of the meal for me.  The beef and oyster tartare was interesting.  The BBQ shrimp was lukewarm and nothing special.  My lobster dish also lukewarm and not outstanding, though tender and moist.  My husband's duck 5 ways seemed to be a better choice.  The chocolate mint desert was special.  We chose the wine pairings and those didn't please me very much either.  My husband fared better with his meal (wine-wise).  What I know of chef/owner John Boswell is that he is talented and goodhearted and I am sorry to write a less than glowing review.  Expectations run much higher for a $400+ meal and we are from Los  Angeles!  On the brighter side, the service is excellent.  The wait staff very knowledgeable.Well, the restaurant is very nice and the food was delicious..no complaints there.  But, compared to other nice restaurants, this was the most snobbiest ....for example, we made a reservation for 2 and had a friend arrive into town unannounced and the restaurant said, "oh no, sorry you are set up for a tabletop for 2"...well, we arrived and we had a table for THREE!! and more importantly, the restaurant was not busy at all.  The most were 4 tables with 2 to 4 people at each...we felt bad that we could not invite our friend.  Additionally, while the food was delicious, the wine menu was ridiculous.  The average price to get have a bottle was $500 -- when the food itself was $30 to $50 a plate.  There were only 2 bottles in the $50 to $80 range....very disappointing.   The economy no longer supports unlimited expense accounts.  We observed that most people were either drinking water, maybe a martini or a glass of wine.  WHO can afford $500 on average.  We liked the food, but we will most likely not go back.I really wanted to like this place, and I still do, just wont be coming back. This was my top pick of places to eat when I found out I was going to New Orleans. We had reservations for 9:30 on Saturday night and arrived about 10 minutes early and were promptly seated. The space is very nice and small and we had a small table with a little privacy that I liked. We started with two Hangar One martinis which were awesome and the amuse bouche arrived. It was a bite of mango shrimp that was sweet at first but finished salty which was awesome. We moved on to the foie gras BLT for a starter and the chef split it for us which was nice. The bread was super crusty which paired well with the incredibly creamy pate and the flavor was fantastic. So far we were very satisfied....until now. The server suggested my date try the burgundy by the glass and I opted for a glass of Stag Leap Cab since its one of my favorites. For dinner I ordered the duck 5 ways while she went with the server's suggestion of shrimp and scallops. The duck was pretty good.....a mini cup of duck miso soup, sliced duck breast with currant sauce, lacquered duck, duck won-tons, and a duck pancake. The miso soup and laquered duck were amazing! The won-ton was way too greasy, the duck breast was ho hum and the pancake was like eating candy. Overall I was satisfied with the dish, just wouldn't order it again. My date's entree had to be sent back because we were served a rotten shrimp. When it came back she couldn't eat it because since she had tried the shrimp, the texture of the scallops were similar which reminded her of the nasty shrimp and you don't really wanna gamble with seafood. I had the scallops and they were good but even a little undercooked. The highlight of the dish were the potatoes they served the seafood on. They were amazing, with chunks of sausage in them and a creamy, tangy sauce drizzled over. But for the price of the entree, you don't wanna just have potatoes. The wine she got was also turned so overall it was just a bad experience for her, which in turn, made it a bad experience for me. The server did take the wine off the menu which was nice but didn't really even apologize for the shrimp. They almost made us feel as if we didn't know what we were talking about by sending it back. I am sure they are not used to returned food, but at least take ownership. Maybe we caught them on a bad night but there are too many other gems in New Orleans for me to return.Mmm the food here was so delicious. My mouth still waters when I think of some of the dishes. I decided to treat myself while in New Orleans.
I was the first one to arrive for the evening and the staff was very pleasant and attentive. The decor is pretty, very elegant and upscale. 
I ordered the tangy dynasty cocktail, which was yummy not to sweet and has edible purple flowers. 
I chose to get the 4 course prix fix menu. All the courses were beautifully presented. The amuse-bouche was crackling. This was crunchy with a lime lemon flavouring. Next I had lardo on a cabbage leaf, which was really tasty. The lardo was just the right amount, that it didn't come off as greasy. 
For the first course I ordered the foie grois, the texture was creamy, smooth, and melted in your mouth. This was served with grapes, granola, and bread allowing you make your own bitefuls. 
Next I had the char grilled octopus served with tomatillo puree, almonds, pea shoots, garlic and a chickpea chip. The octopus was tender and soft with a nice char grilled flavour.
Next was the tasting of duck 5 ways. My favourite preparation of the duck was the sliced duck meat and the wonton. The duck was juicy soft and tender and the sauce that came with it, complimented the duck. 
Lastly for dessert was bananas' foster on French toast. The dessert was good. But the syrup got a little too sweet for me towards the end. I still enjoyed it and I'm sure the rest of their deserts are good too. 
I also got a lovely surprise when I got a complimentary dessert. This included a macaroon, chocolate bon bon, cheesecake chocolate candy, and caramel candy. I really enjoyed the caramel candy. 
I loved my dining experience here and would go back when I'm next in New Orleans.Less than "Stella"r.  I've been to Stella! 6 or 7 times over the past 4 years.  Unfortunately tonight will most likely be my last time.
I went with 4 other people and had called to make a reservation about a week before.  I asked for a 6:30 and was told they didn't have anything until 7:30.  Ok, well we figured we'd go early have a drink at 7:00 and then have dinner.  We arrive at 6:50 and the place was empty except for a single 2 top.  Strike 1.
The menu has changed to a Prix Fixe deal which I'm not crazy about. Strike 2.  We are told the table has to have either the 4 selection prix fixe or the 7 selection.  There are supplements for kobe beef or lobster.  hhhmmm. Whole thing was fishy. Speaking of, I had a smoked fish first course that seriously looked like raw chicken.  I took two bites, bleecckk.  Second course, had octopus that was good, but not great.  Third course I opted opted for the lobster and paid the $15 supplement.  Was just Ok.  Lastly had a bacon ice cream and baked apple dish.  Interesting dessert but overall not what I had come to expect of Stella.  
For $650 with no alcohol for 5 people all I can say is you can do much better in New Orleans.  #jumpedthesharkToo bad they don't have a no star option.  This place is run by rude and incompetent front desk people.  The manager is probably the worst I have met having dined at some of the best restaurants world over.  Never got in, thank god, as they wanted to split our party of eight, with a confirmed reservation, into two tables. How fun for a family birthday dinner?  With two empty tables next to each other, they refused to push them together because they "don't do that!"  Good, so you don't get my $1,000 plus the meal would have cost and they act like they don't give a damn.  Only problem was finding a table for 8 on a Saturday evening in the 1/4 at 8:00 pm. Found another place and was warmly greeted and enjoyed a fun meal.  The food is only part of a dining experience; when you encounter idiots at the front door, your best advice is to turn and run!  Just remember to cancel the hold on your credit card.  What a joke.I'll keep this short because I feel kind of neutral about this restaurant: not so bad that it warrants a rant and not so good that I can rave.
My salad was quite good, but simple. However, my fish was almost inedible. I couldn't eat more than half of it . I should have sent it back, but I never do that - it's just uncomfortable for me. My husband thought his duck was absolutely fantastic, one of the best he has ever had. The salt and pepper ice cream really was shockingly good. It the one thing in the meal I would go back for.
The wine list was very good, but severely overpriced, and came with an annoyingly snobby sommelier. In fact, the whole place had a faint whiff of snobby, from the hostess to the sommelier. I'm used to this attitude at certain restaurants, but I found it odd here as the place was dead empty. 
For what was offered, food, service, ambiance, the whole place was overpriced. I would go back if I couldn't get in somewhere I really liked and if someone else was paying. Or, I would go back just for the salt and pepper ice cream - it really was that good.
To be fair, I'll represent the other side and let you know that my husband liked it much more than I did. He would probably give them a 4.This was by FAR the best restaurant we ate at in New Orleans. The attention to service detail surpassed all the other top restaurants we dined at. White gloves to present the silver, beautiful presentation for the ice tea. The staff worked together and didn't miss a beat through the entire dining experience. And "experience" is the right word! I appreciate the background music was so low guests did not have to shout to have conversation. Had plenty of seating, but not too crowded (or noisy!). Finally, wonderful to find such a delicious vegetarian option in New Orleans.Stella was everything a great restaurant should be. The service... outstanding, the atmosphere... relaxing, the the food.... oh the food. ITs all about the food. Going to Stella's for dinner is like having a gastronomic massage. I can't remember leaving a restaurant so fufilled and relaxed. The servers were very attentive but not obnoxious. The little extra from the chef during the meal is like a surprise christmas present. Fun and exciting. I wish I had made all my dinner reservations there while I was in New Orleans, it just doesn't get any better than this!!It's always so hard for me to rate really nice restaurants because I expect so much before I even walk in the door. So maybe this is too harsh. Anyway...
We were ushered into a somber and hushed front dining room. I felt like I had to whisper, which was sort of weird. We ordered cocktails to start because that's how I do fancy meals but I wasn't too excited about their specialty cocktails. When the ordered Blackberry Bramble or whatever it was called arrived, I was similarly nonplussed. 
I won't go into details about each dish but I will say that I certainly liked every course but I wasn't really wow-ed. Also, my wine tasted like anchovies, which I love but not in my wine. Highlights included all the sauces on each plate, the beef tenderloin, veal cheek and poached rhubarb for dessert. I've spent a lot less money on meals I enjoyed just as much or more so...glad I knocked that off the bucket list but won't be back.I've been here before but my last visit was disappointing  -especially given the prices
The portions were on the small side and some were just not that great
The smoked black cod was somewhat mealy   
The octopus was tasty but the portion was extremely small. The plate was more about the sauce covering a large portion of the middle of the plate and less about the small octopus pieces on one side of the plate 
The dessert was fine except for the huckleberry one. My son ordered it and it was not very good
Not planning on returningHad the 7 course dinner with wine pairing on New Year's Eve. Oh My! Unbelievable, tasty, savory flavors. I can't even begin to describe all the things we ate, in fact I am not even sure I know! What I do know is that the food was a great mix of flavors that wouldn't be commonly thrown together. The service was good not great. We really liked our waiter, but the timing between courses was a little off. Also when we arrived the previous set of diners were still there and clearing out. We asked the hostess for a glass of wine while we waited and she declined. However some other new arrivals asked a male host for wine and he brought it to them without hesitation. I thought that was the right thing to do. We had the pleasure of watching the chef saunter around the dining room mid meal, what a hoot the guy is! Love it that he took the time to check in with everyone. 
Stop by Stella's brother restaurant, Stanley, near Pirates Alley, for breakfast. Even better than dinner!Food and service were excellent. I tried the foie gras blt appetizer and it was one of the most delicious things I have ever ate. It has a cheese type texture and taste and if you have never had it don't worry you will not be disappointed. For my main meal I had the veal steak and it was delicious. The staff was really on top of their game without being too intrusive. They were quick to take away plates and glasses and when they bring you new silverware or plates they wear white gloves. All the tables around us were getting a platter of different desserts and we thought it was the $52 dollar dessert platter but it turned out to be a little lagniappe dessert and was very good. Bottom line: Great food and service but a little overpriced.Maybe we are too simple for this place because we weren't big fans. Its a different experience than what we are used to. It just seems like this place tries way to hard to deliver the "experience" they are selling. 
We would much rather simple food done well than something that the chef just conjured up and so we are "lucky" to try it.  If your not into trying strange combinations such as a  salad of wild asparagus, grilled porcini, short rib pastrami, slow-cooked chicken egg yolk and smoked porcini aioli plus some other ingredients, then this place really isn't for you. 
We will never go back.Quite possibly the beat food I have ever eaten.  Wonderful service!  We did the 7 course tasting menu!  Worth every pennyThe most amazing meal of our honeymoon trip was here! I was scared at first, the white glove service seemed a little too fancy for me (I love big mac's OK!), but now I wish I could take the servers home. It was not a snobby place at all and the food was amazing! We tried a lot, but the squash soup was phenomenal, I wish they could have slipped me the recipe. We also tried the carrot salad, which is unlike anything I have seen or tasted before. Once again, very good. 
Also, I had the most delicious drink and right now I can't think of what it's called, but it had grapefruit and orange juice.  Yummmy!
I usually hate German chocolate cake, but my husband ordered it. It was so different and delicious. This is the spot, and if you have the money, this is a must eat when in NOLA.Very interesting high end fusion by Chef Scott.  Really enjoyed it.  A bit high in price, but when you see the end product you understand why.  True culinary artistry.Good but could be better. My biggest complaint is that the food is overly fussy. The ingredients and execution are first class, but they need to stop piling on the extras after a certain point. The foam has to go! Another observation: the appetizers (foie gras), excellent but too small. The main course (lamb), excellent but too big!  No room for desert. I think with a few corrections this could near the top of NOLA eateries these days.Out of the three places we ate in New Orleans, this was by far my favorite.  Our table was ready upon arriving, and the atmosphere was high class, but comfortable at the same time.  The prices were very reasonable, we all had an entree, wine and some salads and dessert for about what we paid at the other places to split entrees.  The fish was out of this world, prepared very nicely and flavorful.  The presentation is what I would expect for a five star restaurant.  And bonus they give you a sampling in a spoon to start off your pallet!  
The dessert was exciting, there were chocolate, vanilla and strawberry looking little tastes of joy.  The service was amazing, attentive, and very nice with a little spark of personality.  I would recommend this place to everyone!Stella! was 1 in a small list of restaurants offering vegetarian fare in New Orleans so we made sure to get rezzies well ahead of time, to ensure our spot was secured
Went w/ the 4-Course Vegetarian Tasting Menu.  They also offered a 6-Course version but having been eating at the Fairgrounds all day, we didn't think there was enough stomach real estate for it......but thanks so much for offering!
Ladies were sporting nice dresses & there were men's dinner-jackets aplenty - so although not required, best be prepared!
Amuse Bouche - Radish picked right out of their garden w/ a dollop of a cream cheese somethingorother......it was good w/ the lovely bitterness of the radish
Warm Asparagus Salad - really liked the egg addition & gave this dish a nice creamy, richness that added to the perfectly cooked asparagus - still had a bit of crunch!
Cheese & Pickled Green Strawberries - this was a nice & unique dish.  The cheese was super creamy & soft & toned down the tart pickle of the strawberries.  Very unique dish!
Gnocchi - the mushrooms added a wonderful earthy flavor to the perfect potato pillows - wished this had been our main dish!
Veggie Medley - here is where they lost us.  Lots of veggies that had been oven-roasted in olive oil.  Made the veggies all taste the same, even though there was a lot of variety.  Was hoping for maybe a farro, quinoa, or something to use as a pairing but this was just like they took a bunch of side dish veggies & put them on a plate
Desserts included the White Chocolate Tart that came w/ a fun take on a root beer float - this had the ice cream in an ale.....it was yummy
Little tray of "parting" desserts to send us on our merry way & we left there full & happy
We'd totally come back to Stella! & are thankful for another vegetarian option in New Orleans!This was the best breakfast I have ever had. The bridge Benedict was amazing! Great service too. Very helpful with finding local places to visit.First time at Stella.  If possible, I would rate this place 4 1/2 stars.  Very good, but not quite perfect.
Had a dinner reservation for two at 6:15.  Was seated promptly by a very courteous and attentive staff.  For starters, we had the Composition of Beets and the Foie Gras BLT.  My girlfriend adored the beets and I thought they were alright, but am admittedly not a huge beet fan.  The Foie Gras BLT was superb.  Easily the best part of the whole meal.  If you are going, you must order it.
For entrees we had the white cheddar crusted black drum and the duck five-ways.  The drum was fantastic, but so heavy that I can't imagine making an entire meal out of it.  The duck was also very good, but I wasn't blown away by Moo Shoo pancake, which seemed out of sync with the rest of the dish, or the foie gras wontons, which lacked the flavor-punch of the rest of the duck portions.  Still, very good.
For dessert we had the strawberry three-ways and the chocolate lime dome.  The strawberries were solid, the chocolate lime dome was perfect.  Not too heavy, and the lime sorbet was a great pallet cleanser.  
As others have mentioned the wine is a bit overpriced.  My martini, made with vodka that had been frozen in liquid nitrogen, was spot on.  
Overall it was a great, albeit pricey, dinner out.My husband made reservations at Stella to celebrate our one year anniversary.  Upon arriving, we were ushered into the front to be seated.  As far as I am concerned, we had the best seats in the house with a few of street.  The front section has only 8 or so tables, which leads to a quiet and intimate setting.  It was only as we were leaving that I realized that we would have had an entirely different experience had we sat in the back.  
After ordering a bottle of champagne, we were told it would take a few minutes for them to get the bottle from the cellar and to chill it.  While waiting, the staff brought over an amuse bouche.  It, along with our appetizer were delicious.  It's a small critique but I wish that they would have held the appetizer until the bottle was ready.  
I ordered the shrimp and scallops entree, which was fantastic.  Denton ordered Duck Five Ways.  He loved 4/5 of his meal, commenting that the fois gras won tons were a little greasy.   
For dessert, we had Bananas Foster.  Neither of us had ever had tried it before; it was fun to try something new.  We both will be ordering it again!  At the end of the meal, we were given a chinese box with fortune cookies as a congratulations on our anniversary.
We both felt the meal and the restaurant were outstanding.  So why only 4 stars?  During our meal, the waitress pulled up the bottle too quickly, thus spilling almost a glassful.  Had it been water, I wouldn't have cared.  But a $125 bottle of champagne?  Um, how about comping my dessert? 
I am not the sort of person that asks for things for free.  It's not my style.  Perhaps I'm wrong for dinging a star, but I felt that we deserved something.One of the most enjoyable dining experiences. Table for 3, 7 course tasting menu and wine parings for each course ($95 and $75 respectively.) It's not often that I find a tasting menu with all courses to my liking. Knowable wait staff (as expected), presentation fantastic and the sommelier kept bringing hit after hit and explained the selections wonderfully. Staff was very professional but knew how to read our table - fun and relaxed - and interacted accordingly.
7 courses adds up to a bunch of food, add in the chefs' amuse bouche on the front-end and back-end of the meal and you'll definitely walk away satisfied. My guests and I were smiling with each course. If you select the tasting menu, settle in, it was close to a 3 hour experience, we were not in a hurry, perfectly timed. If you don't have 3 hours, go with a starter, entree and dessert and do let the sommelier make recommendations. STELLA!Really not worth it! There was really nothing exciting on the menu and what we did get was disappointing. We got the four course option with the wine pairing. They served us a dessert wine with the first course and later served a Chardonnay in a burgundy glass. Also they ran out of the wine that was supposed to be paired with the tenderloin. I ordered the veal cheek, but when they brought it, it was introduced as pork cheek. I tried it and it tasted like every piece of pulled pork I have ever eaten. When I asked the waiter about it he at first insisted that the menu said pork cheek. When he looked it up at my insistence, he quickly responded "well that is veal" it was not veal. I know my meats, and that was pork. The food was good but not great and not worth the price. The staff was not as experienced for the price, overall not worth it.I visited this place because of all the great things I have heard. 
Myself and 2 friends had the 7-course tasting menu with wine pairings.  Every course was creative, fun and delicious.
We were left with huge smiles on our face."HEY STELLA!!!!!!!" OK, I couldn't resist.  But dining at Stella! makes you want to do just that! Located on a quiet street in the French Quarter, Stella! is an elegant and beautiful restaurant with wonderful and attentive service. 
We opted for the four course prix fixe. Within each course, you can make a selection between 3 or 4 dishes - each one different and unique, which makes it hard to choose. Whenever my husband and I go with a chef's tasting menu, we try hard to choose different dishes at each course so we can taste a bit of everything.  Each one of our courses was delicious! 
The service is very attentive - they work as a team so you're never with an empty glass - water or otherwise! 
Stella! is a splurge but it is a very nice dining experience.The place still takes the cake for the best dish (and subsequently best meal) I've ever had.  If you are looking for a very nice dinner, definitely check it out.  
I had the BLT which I believe was applewood smoked bacon, truffle scented lettuce, and heirloom tomato on brioche with a side of 100 year old balsamic vinegar.  It still is the best dish I've ever had, and it was only an appetizer!  It was twice as expensive as any other app ($22 if memory serves) but was worth twice more.  It showed up and was about the size of an iPhone, only thicker.  I was immediately annoyed at how much I'd paid for so little until I took the first bite.  That single bite had more flavor than entire meals.  I can't say enough about this dish.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it, and It's been years since I ate there!
I also had the duck five ways, each of which were delicious, and chocolate grilled cheese for dessert.  I was so blissed out on dinner that dessert didn't even register, but everyone loved it.
The sommelier was probably the nicest and least pretentious I have ever encountered.  Our server was delightful as well.  The service really rounded out a top-notch meal.  And now I need to go back. 
Favorites are: "BLT" (not what you think), everythingHadn't been back here in a few years.  Not as good as I remember.  Went there on a Sunday night with my wife so it wasn't very crowded.  Wait staff seemed more interested in their own business then serving us.  Food was trying to be good, but for the price, i think there are many better choices in NOLA.  On the good side, it is a very solid date night place with a quiet ambience.I just spent a week in New Orleans and was lucky enough to eat at several great restaurants. Stella came very highly recommended, and one highly-placed local even told me that it was, in his opinion, the "best food you'll have" in New Orleans right now. 
I respectfully disagreed with my host. Stella is a nice place, but the food is very dated, and although there were a couple of tasty items, my overall impression was that the place is over-hyped and CERTAINLY not worth the VERY high prices. 
I had oysters granita three ways to start - three large oysters on the half shell topped with three different "granitas" of ice and various flavorings. Barf. Frozen barf, actually. Don't get me wrong, I love oysters, but these were nothing to write home about. For one, this is a novelty dish. Second, there was WAY too much ice, so I ended up with a big mouthful of super-cold salty slush and barely avoided oyster-flavored ice-cream-headache. Sort of like Oyster Icee. Bad idea, and not well executed. 
For the main I had duck five ways. I'm generally a duck eater, but it sounded interesting, and many other dishes were loaded up with shrimp, which I am allergic to, so I went for it. Tea-smoked dug leg was excellent. Foie gras wonton was pathetic - expensive airport bar food. Greasy wonton, melted runny foie gras. Another bad novelty idea. 
We asked for advice on wine and although I asked for a "spicy pinot" we got a thin, pale one. The server asked how I liked the wine and I gave him an honest answer, to which he replied with a shrug. 
For $35-$45 entrees, I expect WAY more. I ate far better at Cochon for half the price, not to mention Rocky & Carlo for a tenth of the price. Stella, you're not fooling anyone, fusion was OVER in the 80's!My husband is a total foodie and for the past 10 years or so he has chosen to go to one particular restaurant in the French Quarter for dinner on his birthday.  That unnamed place isn't what it used to be so he wanted to try something different - Stella it is!!  He absolutely loves tasting menus with wine pairings and that's always what he wants to do on his birthday.  I tried to get a dinnertime reservation 3 days in advance (husband took his time in deciding on a place) and they only had 5:30 or 10:00 available.  Husband checked the next day and there was a 6:30 opening, so someone must have cancelled.  
When we arrived it was about 1/2 full and pretty quiet.  Felt a little stuffy at first with the quietness but it livened up when the restaurant filled up later in the evening.  Attire is dressy but they don't mind if you wear jeans.  We dressed them up a bit and didn't feel out of place.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable.  Everyone from the waiters to the hostess came by to pour his wine and they all knew every detail of the wines.  
Two tasting menu options - four or seven courses.  Since this is the kind of place that has enough servers to put everyone's food down on the table at the exact same moment, they ask that everyone at the table have the same number of courses so there is no "jealousy" at the table - yes, that's how they explained it.  But it wasn't a problem for us.  You get to select from a list of four or five choices for each course so it's a flexible tasting menu.  I had noted a vegetarian option online but didn't see it in the menu - had to ask for the vegetarian menu, which is separate.  I'm not a vegetarian but not everything on the main menu appealed to me.  They allowed me to "mix and match" options from the vegetarian menu with the main menu, so I was appreciative of that.  
I had the Winter Citrus Salad and Potato Gnocchi from the vegetarian menu.  The salad was small but tasty, and the gnocchi was a pretty good portion and very yummy.  I had the Duck Five Ways for my entree and wow...  what a treat.  I'm not a frequent duck eater and my husband always says "it has to be cooked right."  Well it was cooked right.  The variety of flavors on the plate was fabulous, and the leg/thigh meat was so tender and delectable.  Good portion for an entree, nothing left over!  Dark and White Chocolate Cateau for dessert - another wow.  Husband had the Glazed Fois Gras, Crispy Veal Sweetbreads, Roasted Prime Beef Strip & Bananas Foster French Toast.  He was always amazed by the perfection of the wine pairing.  He was speechless at times, which is unusual for him, so I know he was impressed by the food as well.  Even the bread was tasty and unique.  We also got some special chocolates at the end since they knew we were celebrating his birthday.
All in all a great visit.  Four stars due to the prices - as another reviewer noted, it's unusual that the vegetarian menu is the same price as the non-veggie option, but it did give me the option to mix and match.  Paying those prices is definitely an annual treat for us, so not sure when or if we'll be back.  If we win the lottery, husband said we would be going there that night to have the most expensive caviar they offer!  So I'll let you know if we win the lottery.THE EMPEROR HAS NO CLOTHES !  I ordered the four course prix fixe with wine pairing and my wife chose to stay w the same wine throughout the meal. At the 3rd course I had the lobster and she chose the duck, the waiter began pouring a red wine and explaining how not macerating the skins lowered the tannins and helped match perfectly w the duck. I pointed out that I had the lobster and he explained how the mustardy undertones matched w the orzo served w the lobster and did not change the wine out. Please really ? For $300+ I expected more , I wanted to grab the waiters glasses and clean them the entire meal as well. Piling on adjectives to ingredients and presentation alone does not make u great. August is far superior for the cost.Nice place with good (not great) food. Immaculate and off the beaten path in the French Quarter - those two don't usually go hand-in-hand. Pricey but competent execution overall. The sea bass was overpowered by nutmeg, but scallops were perfection.Great ambience.  Staff attentive.  Food was good buy not superior.I have been to Stella around 6 or 7 times and I truly considered it one of my favorite restaurants in New Orleans - and I have eaten my way through many restaurants in this city. My last experience at Stella was terrible. Normally every single bite is delectable, but I haven't had a dinner this flat out gross in a very long time - especially at a restaurant of this caliber. I started out with the asparagus and lobster salad - the asparagus was cold and hard, and the soggy lobster tasted like it had been soaking in a bucket of salt. For my entree I had the duck 5 ways - a staple on the menu - and it was DISGUSTING. Out of the 5 ways - one was good ( a glorified miso soup with duck bits in it ) one was edible (a duck leg that was saved by its crispy skin) and the rest were inedible! (foi gras wontons that tasted like overgreased chinese food, slimy mooshoo pancakes and the plain sliced duck - which should have shined, was BLAND, LUKEWARM, and GOOEY. I definitely fared the worst - but my dinner mates did not do much better. Two of them ordered the grape salad for their appetizer - which was literally a checkerboard of 30 grapes and nothing else. For 20 dollars - please! It was truly embarassing to take the family we were with to such an expensive restaurant and have it be such a dissapointment. Also a note on the menu - it used to change every single day, using the most seasonal ingredients - this time it seemed stale and repetitive. I hope they can change things around.One of the challenges in NOLA is figuring out which fantastic restaurant to dine at.  With so many great restaurants, and a variety of excellent choices, it is difficult to go wrong, and challenging for a restaurant to set itself apart.  Stella manages to effectively set itself apart, and shine.
Stella is one of the best, and worthy of a special visit.  However, be aware that Stella only serves multi-course meals...you cannot order specific items.  The format is a selection of either a four course, or seven course, meal.  I selected the four course, and enjoyed some great dishes.  All courses were excellent, but I particularly enjoyed their beef tartare, lobster soup and bananas foster.  Service was outstanding, and everything was elegant and delicious!We called to make a reservation and were told they only had 9:30 - we said we'd take it.  The reservationist told us we wouldn't have a problem walking in, though, so we didn't make the res to have flexibility with our timing. When we arrived at 7:45, we were told they were not taking walk-ins tonight. The manager was hardly apologetic. Too many great restaurants in this town to settle for this treatment. I recommend Sylvain nearby.So went here for the first time, and it could not have been a better dining experience. The staff was attentive, very knowledgeable, patient, not overbearing, and seamless. Yes, it is expensive. However, when you get exactly what you pay for, can you really be upset about the price? I say no. They do experiment with ingredients and flavors. It all works--in a HUGE way. My wife and I agree that we could not have had a better meal or dining experience. We both had the 4 course. It was just the right amount of food. My wife is not very adventurous when it comes to food but she was a sport and truly savored every bite. She could not have been more pleasantly surprised. The wine pairings. . . Oh the pairings. They really did bring the meal to another level. The staff was so educated about each wine and why the pairing would work. I'm not a wino, but I do enjoy drinking pretty much anything good--and love to try things. I was amazed at how well everything paired. Again, it is expensive but it is so worth it. People who care more about the price of a meal than the quality should not go. I say treat yourself; Not in a cheesy YOLO kind of way, but more of a "hey, experience life and what real passion tastes like" kind of way.I had dinner with ashley s.  who also wrote a review.  I would agree with one small exception.  
I never would have ordered a beet salad in a restaurant like this except ashley and our server both nudged the choice. Ashley has uncanny food instinct.  The beet salad was pure culinary genius.  Amazing textures and flavors.  The entire meal approached that level.  
The only soft point was the 1998 white riojo wine.  It was a recent addition to the wine list, but was a bit oxidized.  I was not experienced with it or confident enough to reject it.  The sommelier (not the main one) came to taste the wine since she never had it and we offered her a taste before the bottle was opened.  She said it was oxidized and was a little past the point.  We finished it, but ashley said afterwards she almost had to hold her nose.  I'm sure the sommelier would have taken it back in a flash had I asked, but I said I was ok with it.  Taught me a little lesson too - Trust thy self ..... and ask your wife.
Very friendly and knowledgable staff.    
The second bottle we had from another region was just fine, as you might expect.
We WILL go back to Stella - with anticipation of something great.We visited on 12/4/2011, as part of a weekend getaway to New Orleans.  Great service and great food and never felt rushed by the servers.  I would highly recommend Stella for a nice dinner out while visiting in New Orleans.We dined at Stella's and it was very pleasant. We had a party of 8 but they only seat up to 4 at a table, which we were told about beforehand. We had two tables. There are two dinner choices - a four course dinner with about 4-5 choices in each course , you can choose to pair wine and a chefs sample. We all chose the 4 course and I paired wine. The food plate presentation was wonderful, four waiters(tresses) came at the same time and set each course down . The staff was knowledgeable and helpful and all the food was great. The prices are high but they are equal to the service and food . We all enjoyed every dish . I would done here again when I visit next time.I was so not impressed with Stella.  The service was excellent, but the food left something to be desired.  The bread that was served before the meal was unremarkable.  I started with the Mosaic Salad, which consists of field greens, grapes, walnuts, and blue cheese.  The field greens were really good, but the ratio of sweet to savory was way off--there were not enough blue cheese and walnuts to balance out the sweetness of the large mound of grapes I found hiding under the greens.  Frankly, I've enjoyed salads at Panera more than I enjoyed this one.  (Yeah, I actually wrote that ; ).  For the entree I ordered the Daily Vegetarian Composition, which was delicious and the best part of my meal, but nothing to write home about.  I was hopeful for dessert, but unfortunately it was lacking, too.  We shared the beignets with cinnamon ice cream.  I was hoping the beignets would be warm enough to melt the ice cream a little bit, but instead they were cold, chewy, and flavorless.  I might give them another try at some point in the future, given the overall very positive ratings.  Maybe it was just an off night in the kitchen or something.My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here with the four course menu. It was one of the best meals of my life! The highlights of my meal were the fois gras, veal cheeks, beef ribeye and oxtail croquette. All were so perfect and distinct in flavor. Two weeks later I can still taste them in my mind. The dessert was lovely as well, it involved poached rhubarb and lemon verbena ice cream. The amuse bouche (a squid ink macaroon) and the mignardises at the end were very nice touches. The bread served was very nice as well and the service was perfect. It may seem pricey, but I really felt they went the extra mile to make the whole meal a very memorable experience. I know I won't forget it.Stella is average, over-priced food inside a beautiful restaurant. I don't mind paying $50 for an entree, if it's worth $50. Please, however, don't charge me $50 for a $29 entree(and I'm being generous here).
The specialty cocktails are nice, but as others have mentioned, the wine is vastly overpriced. The service is fine, but you can obviously see the staff constantly staring at you to judge your finish-time. It made our table uncomfortable.
I would return, but only for apertifs before dining somewhere else.Anyone who doesn't like this place doesn't know good food.  
Stella is amazing.  
It's not traditional but it's very special.  The service is impeccable...you know it's good when they wear white gloves every time they touch the silverware.  The ingredients are interesting and are a true reminder of California style.  Don't worry though they haven't forgotten where they are located and they feature many things that are local, and reminiscent of home cookin...just with a whole new twist.
If you love food, and aren't totally boring GO.  
This will definitely be the best, most forward thinking meal you will have in New Orleans, and you won't regret it.Stella! was an excellent choice for dining in New Orleans.  This is an unique dining experience.  The food was inventive and delicious.  The service was understated but our needs were consistently met by the staff.  The sommelier was particularly knowledgable and delightful.  As a note of clarification, this restaurant has a fixed price, 4 course menu.  There are 4 choices for each course from which to choose ($85 per person).  Wine pairings are also offered for each course for an additional $60.   Also available is a 7 course chef's tasting menu ($125 per person) with wine pairings for an additional $125.  The experience is outstanding but comes at a premium.  Reservations are a must.This review is a bit dated but is long overdue. Stella is still my top recommendation in New Orleans and my best and most memorable dining experience. 
I like novel, well-executed food delivered with an attention to detail. And I love the surprises with a prix fixe experience. Stella! delivered in spades. 
We had the seven-course paired menu which included a few extra courses...call it a nine-course. Particularly memorable was the cold gazpacho and the popcorn crusted wahoo though the dinner and pairings all excelled. 
The experience is expensive but worth every dime.We approached dining at Stella with an open mind, a sense of adventure, and an open wallet. It's difficult to know where to begin with this review, as so many aspects of the food were mind-blowing, and the service was so seamless that the entire experience seemed to melt together into this blissful memory of a meal.
I'm aware that the menu changes frequently with the seasons and according to what's available, so your menu will vary. I enjoyed a gnocchi appetizer, which turned me from a "gnocchi is alright, I guess" to a "GNOCCHI IS MY ONLY FOOD GROUP" kind of person. For my main course, I had the filet, which had been expertly prepared by sous vide and then a quick sear. The meat was accompanied with an Asian-influenced brown sauce, as well as several vegetables that couldn't have been more perfect or delicious. The lobster dish on the menu that night was also incredible. We had dessert, too, which included a very inventive dish that involved pink lemonade. 
In fact, every dish was inventive and fun, as you've probably heard they are, and I'd recommend going in with a blank slate and an open mind when it comes to making choices, if you're a less adventurous diner. If you want the full experience, have more funds, and are really adventurous, go for the tasting menu, and maybe add the wine pairings. I don't think there's anything in New Orleans quite like this. 
Prices are incredibly high, but you get what you pay for in artistry, an incredible dining experience, and first-class service. It's truly romantic and wonderful for a special occasion. Reservations are a must, and I believe jacket is required for men. If you've planned to go to Stella, go, and make sure at least one diner in your party orders an iced tea.My boyfriend and I came to this restaurant for a romantic night during our weekend getaway. We were not disappointed! We were prepared to drop a pretty penny on this dining experience and in the end it was worth it!
Pros
Wonderful service - attentive but did not loiter about
Wonderful food (expedition first course fish dish)
Ambiance - candle lit and intimate
Cons
The only con was my boyfriend's first course fish dish which tasted rancid and terrible. When we requested something else, it was whisked away without fuss and replaced with a wonderful beef tartar. 
Would return again and would recommend to friends and family.I was so disappointed with Stella. We had made our reservations a few weeks in advance because it was so hard to get one at a normal time. We each ordered the four course prix fixe meal. I was shocked. Each course could fit in the palm of my hand. I actually left hungry. I am also someone who fills up very easily. I understand that they don't want to over stuff you but this was ridiculous. My first course was a deviled egg but it was actually half of a deviled egg covered in some sort of flavored bubbles that seem to accompany many of their dishes and are probably used to help mask the tininess of each dish. The pork belly was actually ok but I finished it in three bites. The flounder was bland. The best thing I tasted were the Louisiana prawns which my boyfriend ordered. New Orleans is a city that values food and I've always had satisfying experiences at the well known restaurants here. Maybe this restaurant would fit in better in Los Angeles or New York.  When we are spending over $200 on a meal I expect to leave full, not craving a cheeseburger. 
The service was good though.Great restaurant.  The tasting menu was phenomenal.  Friendly staff and a lovely restaurant in the French Quarter.Ate here for the first time with a group of my gfs for a late birthday get together. Loved everything. Food was excellent and so was service. The dessert tasting is a must!!!! Till this day I still dream of the truffle ice cream :)What an experience! If you are lucky enough to get a reservation, you will be happy you did. From the moment you walk in, the staff is attentive and friendly, never pushy. The ambiance was romantic and comfortable, my favorite. I can't even remember how many complimentary delites were brought to the table but let's just say when you have finished your delectable Bananas Foster aka French Toast for dessert, they bring you more dessert on the house! Highly reccomended!Note: Stella! has gone out of business, as of June 10th, 2014. The owner has filed for bankruptcy.
http://www.nola.com/dining/index.ssf/2014/06/chef_scott_boswells_businesses.html#incart_m-rpt-1We received a gift for our wedding to go and enjoy a dinner at Stella!  Only living here in New Orleans a year, we know this is a town with many spots to enjoy great food.  So, we expected another fine meal at Stella!  We didn't realize we were in for such an amazing dining experience!!  We received excellent service from our waiter and all the staff which really added to our enjoyment of the meal.  However the service couldn't top the craftsmanship of such creative and tasty food!  Every bite was absolutely unique and so delicious.  If your in town or from here, dining at this establishment will truly be an experience in you will never forget.Excellent food, excellent service, but atmosphere is a little stuffy (not the service or crowd, just the ambience -- a bit quiet and formal feeling). 
My BF and I went with the 4-course and it was the perfect amount of food. I highly recommend the foie gras and duck five ways. 
I would definitely come here again.Absolutely wonderful from start to finish.  Service was seamless and absolutely perfect. The food was heavenly with some really interesting presentations especially the desserts.  The ice cream arrives in an ice bowl on a smoking plate.  The trio of creme brulee is in three little egg shells.  The spicy chili prawns were really spicy and flavorful.  I will never understand why chefs particularly in Ca will list a dish as spicy and there is no heat what so ever.  The rolls are dusted with panko bread crumbs. This chef seems to think of every touch and do it exquisitely.Stella is as good as it gets. It's dining at its best. Atmosphere is perfect, service is perfect, food is delicious. I am not able to put into words how pleased with this restaurant. Our waiter Rhett (sp?) was very knowledgeable about the menu items and the wine pairings. We did the Chef's Tasting menu and Wine pairing. A great experience.Stella was a great time with excellent food. Beautiful restaurant and the service was great. The 'signature' dry ice martinis were a bit of a late down - yeah we get it, a really really cold martini...but the other drinks were great and strong! I started with the cranberry salad and it was probably the best salad I've ever had. My main dish was good - not terribly special but definitely above average. Don't order desert!! They give you a desert plate sampler that is more than enough and very yummy!We were in NOLA for my birthday weekend and were really looking for some finer restaurants to try.  We walked over from the Marriott Courtyard Convention Center we were staying at and I did not realize it was quite a walk!  A little painful in heels for a 30 minute walk, but I survived.  Needless to say we arrived with great anticipation.  We were tempted by the tasting menu, but decided against it thinking it might take too long and just settled on an appetizer and main course.  To start there was an amuse bouche of prawn that tasted pleasant enough, but all I could remember was it tasted like they used Kerns Mango Nectar in it?  Then I had the Lobster, Eggs and Truffles ~ Canadian Lobster, Clyde's Farm Araucana Egg and Italian Summer Truffles.  It was a quaint appetizer, but didn't necessarily blow me away.  My husband did have the Louisiana Gulf Shrimp and Chanterelle and Lobster Mushroom Risotto with English Peas, Local Scallions and Virgin Olive Oil as his appetizer which was actually excellent!  The risotto was cooked perfectly and from this we anticipated our main courses.  For my main course I had Duck Five Ways ~ Szechwan Seared Breast, Lacquered Leg and Thigh, Moo Shoo Pancake Stir-Fry, Duck Miso Broth, Foie Gras Won Tons and 
Currant Cassis Reduction.  It sounded great on the menu, but when it was finally served I was disappointed.  Something about it reminded me of just plain old chinese food duck.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing, but I honestly have enjoyed duck much better prepared even at the Chinese Food establishments I do eat at here in California.  The Duck Miso Broth was too salty and the breast and leg tasted liked they were grilled in hoisin.  Hate to say may even taste reheated?  The Foie Gras Won Tons were greasy!  I was not motivated to finish my meal.  My husband had the Kabayaki-Glazed Prime Beef Tenderloin with Kimchee Stuffed Japanese Yam, Steamed Baby Vegetables and Sweet Soy-Sake Butter.  His dish was better than mine, but still he was not overly impressed.
I would like to think maybe we just didn't order the right entrees to represent all the great reviews about Stella, but we walked away feeling like the meal was definitely overpriced.  We are not food snobs, but we have dined at Guy Savoy and Jules Verne in Paris along with Hostellerie de Plaisance and Cordeillan Bages in Bordeaux.  We were expecting at least a slightly similar dining level, but unfortunately did not experience it that night.  Hate to be the contrarian to everyone, but I could not give the same ratings as everyone else.Fantastic.  Be prepared to drop some serious coin if you eat here, but it was worth it.
I started with the lobster asparagus salad - as ridiculous as it sounds.
Dinner was scallops and gulf shrip on a bed of andouille sausage sauteed potatoes with some sauce that I don't remember because it was so good it erased my mind.
Service was white glove and impeccable the whole way through.We caught Stella on Super Bowl weekend and I am very surprised at some of the really negative reviews it has received from some diners. My experience was sublime. The 5 course tasting menu was varied and interesting. Even my non foodie wife could have easily found palatable selections. 
Each course was prepared meticulously and the service was delightful. Scallops are not to be missed as are the prawns. I selected the "Duck 5 Ways" and was flavor blasted with each bite. The dessert preparation was tiny bites of spectacular goodness and with a nice wine selection Stella left me wanting to return soon. 
So many times great old standard restaurants fall from grace in tourist areas but Stella is an exception.....and an exceptional dining destination too!Absolutely outstanding meal!  Very difficult to describe -- so many flavors, with so many things to choose from!  Hot, cold, spicy, decadent.....it's truly a dining EXPERIENCE.  Second to none, I highly recommend it!