They are very generous with the samples, you can almost just get samples and leave. We didn't tho, we sat and had the coconut fudge & key lime pie gelatos!Maybe I'm going to be the naysayer here, but I find Sucre to be a little overrated. The gelato is good... but it's not as good as the price suggests. The coffee is good... but only as good as every other coffee place. The little desserts are good... but take two bites, and you've already eaten the whole thing. The prices are too high for the amount that you get, and what you get is delicious, but not something to rave about. 
What usually dissuades me from going to Sucre is the overall atmosphere. It's a very cute place. Very clean. Not too busy if you go at an off hour. There's sufficient seating for the amount of patrons it receives. For the normal person, it's probably charming. If you don't like glitter, however, STAY AWAY DURING HOLIDAYS! It is EVERYWHERE! They decorate with glitter for the window displays. There's glitter on the wall hangings. There's even... wait for it... Glitter on the desserts. It's edible of course, but I still don't understand why someone would want to eat something so sparkly. If you like glitter, more power to you. Go to Sucre. You'll love it. If you're like me and you have an intense phobia of glitter, I think it's best if you head to Mid-City for some Brocato's instead (which is way better anyway).4 stars for great customer service, ample samples, and delicious macaroons. Loved the salted caramel and peppermint macaroons!
Will use Sucre in the future for hostess gifts, party favors, etc.I'm so glad this isn't in Seattle otherwise I would never stand a chance at being thin!  Sucre had some of the best macarons I've ever tasted, and I especially loved the chocolate-covered macaron!  All of the flavors I had were yummy though, and were very distinct of its kind.  I also had the gelato here, which again, is some of the best I've ever had.  I had S'mores and Birthday Cake scoops, and it was so addicting!  The place was really busy, and the line got a little chaotic as people were trying to see what was in the counter, and different servers were trying to figure out who was next to pay, try samples of gelato, or customize a macaron gift box.  But the desserts are worth the hassle.  They also have a truffle/specialty chocolates counter at the far end of the store that I surprisingly resisted, and other wonderful treats such as eclairs, mini cakes, Napoleons, etc...  I loved this place!Went in today finally after passing several times. The white chocolate bread pudding was awesome and it looked toooo good to eat when it was plated. I will definitely be going again and telling everyone I know. Love it!!!!Best dessert and espresso anywhere!!  So many pastry/dessert choices. So many gelato flavors. Chocolate counter as well. Nicest staff in NOLA. It's a must visit.They would get a 4 for the quality/taste of the gelato, but the attitude that came with the service really lets them down.
Had chocolate and banana gelato and it was good - creamy, dense, flavorful. A little crystallized but otherwise very good.
The service was not super-attentive. The staff was slow to acknowledge us and seemed more interested in talking to each other than waiting on us.Macaroons to die for - melt in your mouth, very well made, best I've ever had !!!!! Very delicate to the touch. The ladies that worked there were so nice, tooRecently visited NOLA for the first time and had to check this place out.  The store is really cute and clean, and the staff was very friendly.  I tried the Red Velvet cake, which was pretty tasty, but I was disappointed in the macaron selection.  Other than that, I was a fan!The king cakes are beautifully glazed like fine china. Seriously, did not want to eat it but just stare and admire its sparkly loveliness. The chocolates are good and are available in charming little boxes; perfect for the missus. The gelato is very, very standard. So yeah...king cake.I will definitely be coming back to this amazing palace of sweetness!! The white chocolate bread pudding was terrific!! Like melt in your mouth, don't want it to end yummy-ness. I totally recommend it and for a plus you get a scoop of their gelato. Now the gelato bar has many flavors so I encourage you to try as many as you want to go along with that beautiful piece of heaven on the plate! I loved the cookies and cream gelato so much that I didn't care if it paired well, so it was like having two desserts on one plate. To wash all that down I ordered a cafe au lait that was served in a cute white mug on a plate. It was definitely the best little date night dessert place or just stopping by to grab a nice dessert. Happy Yelping!I love sucré and will visit every time I'm in NOLA. Their macaron are always delicious. Hard to eat just one. The dark chocolate is rich and decadent. They also give away broken ones which may not be as pretty but taste just as good. I really like the salted caramel and hazelnut as well. 
I went 5 times this last trip to NOLA. I got a large box of assorted chocolate truffles. Excellent, especially the dark chocolate ones. 
The triple chocolate ice cream is equally spectacular. I didn't get a cake dessert this trip but I've had them in the past and enjoyed them tremendously. 
I also got 10 bars of dark chocolate. Plain dark as well as with flavors mixed in. 
Yes, I'm obsessed. But you will be too when you visit. 
From the magazine location I also picked up a 6 inch salted caramel birthday cake. It was quite good, large, and reasonably priced.I would have to say my first time here was good. Very clean & modern. I'm  very surprised that they have the seats looking worn out inside. Very good try the cupcakes. And the gelato. Great location on magazine street.Not the best place for dessert....I'd rather save the couple bucks and go to creole creamery for ice cream and just skip the macaroons. The coffee is also not the best and just tastes very bitter. The display and layout is pretty but I just need things to taste better!Very cute and colorful dessert shop on Magazine St. They have a more convenient outpost for tourists in the French Quarter but I forgot to visit that one. The Magazine St shop sells pastries, chocolates, gelato, and macaroons. I had their dark chocolate gelato and brown butter pecan gelato. Both flavors were excellent and the serving size was decent for the price.Everything in this place is almost to pretty to eat...ALMOST. The strawberry cheesecake gelato is great, I got one of their milkshakes, "Bunch of Nuts". It would have been better had they not used the residue left at the bottom of their butter pecan gelato pan, it tasted like it was scooped from the bottom so it tasted "funny" I'm sure it would've been better, guess I'll just have to keep trying til they get it right!We were on a trip to New Orleans and looking for places to visit. And luckily we found this place. 
Me n my wife just fell in love with this place n stuff they have to offer.  
I found out that the chef travel to France n places just to explore the ice cream flavors. 
I would definitely visit this place when I visit the city again.Lot of hype & not sure why.  Not high on my list to go back.  Had a red velvet with chocolate mousse filling, macaroons, & standard cupcake.  Cakes were not as impressive as they looked.  Chocolate mousse feeling was good so split with my gf eating the cake & I ate the mousse.  Cupcakes well same as any other cupcake joint these days.  Macaroons - the chocolate & vanilla ones in the Trader Joe's are just as tasty without the price.I have come here several times with my kids. They are , well, we are , really big fans of the macaroons and gelato.    The staff is very nice and patient with children.  
Weather its cold or hot outside, there is something in there to enjoy for that season.
Not a everyday thing, it is a fancy joint but it makes for awesome memories and exposes my kids to the wonderful Magazine street.The first thing you notice about Sucre is the decor: so cute and sweet that your teeth will ache. Unlike some other reviewers, I adore it. The pastels, the patterns, the cute boxes with bows. It makes me instantly happy. And true, it's not very New Orleans-ish, definitely more of an East Coast looking place. But no matter.
The gelato flavors are great, and you can try as many as you like before settling on one. If you get a pastry or some other dessert from the display case, you can get it on a platter with a scoop of gelato. And they decorate the platter with colorful swirls of chocolate and other flavors so it's an entire impressive presentation. 
The mouse desserts are delicious, the mini macaroons are great, the cupcakes are divine. I don't think I've ever actually had any of their chocolates. I would go out of the way just for one of their lattes- huge and delicious and damn near perfect. You can shop online at www.shopsucre.com and have things delivered. If only I could order one of their lattes from Philadelphia...
Very clean bathrooms too- always a plus. Gotta make note of a clean bathroom in NOLA. 
This place makes me very happy.Normally I avoid... "Trendy" places like this but I was intrigued by the offerings and the reviews. Stopped in and had a double scoop of toasted almond and the hazelnut. Also got a salted caramel cupcake. Everything was amazing. I'll probably stop again this week before flying out. I was disappointed that they didn't have any of the little pudding King cakes that I saw so many pics and reviews of on here.. But I was only disappointed until I put that ice cream in my mouth.There used to be a little green box full of Sucre caramels w/sea salt on that table over there...to my left.
Then, the box started yammering.  So I went to it.
Lacking much self control, I returned to the box.  Often.
And now, I just have a little green box.  SIlence.  And some fine memories.Here from California and decided to walk the one and a half miles to give it a try. It was certainly worth it as will be the walk back to burn the calories. Thier Gelato was very good and the decaf cappuccino was very well done. kind of wish they had places California.Don't judge a book by it's cover . It's a really cute shop gelato chocolat drops macarons and cakes . We got the cherry chocolat gelato & tried 3 different macarons. The macarons looked very pretty coated w glitter but when I bit into them it was a bit hard and too sweet. The chocolate one was the better of the three. The Banana and pink macarons not worth it. Their chocolates are good and everything else don't care for it. Only the chocolate in my gelato was good. ... The . service there was not good, the girl who took out order was rude not a smile or ounce of enthusiasm what so ever. What happen to southern hospitality . Don't be fooled by the sparkly colorful decor . Everything looked good but in actuality really lived up to it's name: sucre. Toooo much sugar too sweet indeed. Service , I give a 2 some of the others were nice but one bitchy cashier ruined it. Quality/ taste of dessert I give it  a 2 as wellSome things just defy explanation... 
After a couple of unimpressive visits to the Metairie location I finally made it over to the original Magazine Street location recently - and guess what? It's really better than the Metairie one! 
OK, let me go on record by saying that this review is based on the Gelato only (I didn't try any of the pastries and I am just not a fan of macaroons). But damn, that gelato rocked! It was actually better - substantially better-than the gelato at Lakeside. 
Anyway, Magazine Street location - you get 4 stars!Beautiful packaging and presentation/plating of desserts, great friendly service (perhaps they've read prior complaints here on Yelp?)...but what we ordered (macarons, dessert cake, pistachio gelato) was mediocre and underwhelming with none of the deep bold flavors that I expected.  I found that there was little consistency in the macarons that I tried, with two being very soft and gooey, and another being extremely chewy. The gelato was flavorless, as was our cake, and everything else with the exception of being bitingly sweet.
Other reviewers have complained about the (over)price of the goodies there, but I found that the prices they charge are appropriate to the quality and care they put into the presentation and packaging, and perhaps food too--if you find it to your liking.
Despite not being particularly impressed by the actual TASTE of the things I had at Sucre, I still left with bars of chocolate, cookies, and more...all tastefullly packaged. That IS after all, what the hype here seems to be about and what you are actually paying for. If you come with this understanding, you won't be dissappointed and anything else will be an added bonus.Sucre has great coffee. Great coffee, in fact. It is dark and full of flavor. The pastries that they have behind the counter are beautiful. The chocolates that they make are spectacular and full of all kinds of different flavors. So why three stars you say? I have given you the good. Now here comes the bad and the ugly. 
The bad- Those beautiful pastries? Yeah, they don't taste that great. Some are kind of stale, others just sort of lack. The cupcakes are pretty good, but too much icing for me and just not worth it. For the money that you will shell out for an apple tart, you'd be better saving it and getting dessert in a restaurant or going to a place like Maple St. Patisserie or Croissant D'or and getting a yummy pastry. The gelato? Good but not great. Give me Creole Creamery or Brocato's any day. The chocolate? Delicious, but overpriced. If I wanted to get a special gift for someone this is a neat idea, (the little purse or box is a nice touch) but for a Saturday afternoon? It's just not practical. 
The ugly - The crowd. If you head into Sucre on a Saturday afternoon beware of the tourists. You will be trampled by twenty 14 yr. old girls hoping to try every flavor of gelato they can get their grubby Ugg boots-wearing hands on. It gives me the chills just thinking about it. 
Sorry Sucre, you're just not my thing (although I really love your coffee). Some people adore you.  I respect you and you're beautiful. Enjoy the tourists. I'm heading over to Brocato's.Im addicted to this place everything is super yummy. From the gelato to the cupcakes to the awesome black and gold eclair yummo a must stop when im in townWent to Sucre yesterday to purchase a birthday cupcake for my very discerning employer. Becca, the lovely lady at the counter not only helped me pick out something delicious, but also packaged the gift beautifully. My employer was extremely pleased with the gift (and trust me - that's impressive).
While Sucre is expensive, the quality is high, and the customer service is excellent.I did not think I cared for macaroons.  Then as I was checking out the amazing selection the kind lady behind the case insisted I try one.  AMAZING!!! The vanilla are my absolute favorite, but the chocolate is a close second.  I must warn you though - no other macaroons compare after eating these!!!Like this place! Cute decor. Service was okay, but not as great as I would expect from a place with these kind of reviews.I have to change my review on this one. I've been here every time I come to New Orleans and up until tonight have had wonderful experiences until tonight. 
Tonight one of the freezers where the ice cream is kept was down and instead of having a list of the flavors they started guess and wouldn't go look to see what they had in the back. It was the laziest thing I have ever seen in customer service ever. While speaking to me, the young lady behind the counter was sampling from the flavors that were in the working case. It was just gross. I will not be back.Everyone here is so enthusiastic and willing to help you figure out what you want! There are tons of tasty choices! 
I got the banana foster macaroons and they were delicious. The decor of the place is so nice and happy, the staff make you happy you stopped by, and the street where the shop is located has plenty of nice boutiques to peruse afterward.So I have an obsession with macarons and this place actually makes pretty good macarons! I was very impressed! I tried their Easter collection which included the lemon, blueberry coconut, and carrot cake....all of them were very good. I also tried the strawberry, raspberry, and some other assortment which I cannot remember but there wasn't one that stood out to me. The box they put the macarons in are soooooo cute! I bought a few gift boxes for family and so far family loved it!
I only rated this 4 stars because Macarons Cafe raised the bar too high for me. So far they are still the best on my list!
The place is very clean and the service was great! Their desserts looks amazing also. My boyfriend tried the Gelato and yum yum. The chocolate mint was really good and fresh.The prices are Ok but flavors are "meh": cafe au lait tastes a bit too bitter and strangely bland at the same time. It is our least favorite among the 5 we tried.  Pistachio tastes weak but acceptable. Cookie and cream and S'mores are both are the sweet side, and our fave is the triple chocolate bark.
Staff was friendly and efficient.Sweets go glam at this NOLA dessertery. 
In my quest for chocolate eclair indulgence, a bartender/man about town from our hotel suggested that we ride the St. Charles street car into the Garden District in order to stop at Sucre. Coupled with the charm of the street car ride and the lovely afternoon stroll through the Garden District on the way, Sucre was sure to be a pleasurable stop.
Sucre is a blend of pop-culture meets bistro. While the seating isn't comfortable, it isn't off-putting, either. The display of sweet treats is breathtaking and service comes with a genuine smile, despite the business of the shop.
We ordered a chocolate eclair, an apple tart, and a cup of coffee. The eclair and tart were plated together along with a complimentary scoop of hazlenut gelato. The gelato was a smooth, rich, dense treat. The apple tart was not too sweet and really focused on the warm flavor of the apple. The eclair was technically accurate. The chocolate topping on the eclair was lovely, printed with sucre written all over it. However lovely it was, the topping was too hard, serving to delight the eyes and disappoint the eating. So, while technically accurate, somehow I felt let down by this piece of pastry that wasn't emotional enough to engage my palate.
As I sat mulling being underwhelmed by a technically accurate and rather expensive eclair, I realized that we were nearly done with our treats and had yet to receive our coffee. After asking about it, the lady at the counter informed me that they were brewing a new pot and would serve it soon. Unfortunately, we had to catch the trolley back in order to make our flight. So, the lady at the counter graciously allowed me to pick a sweet treat to-go as a substitute for the coffee. She would not allow me to pay the extra cost for the treat.
5 points for the gelato
2 points for coffee served late without explaining up front how long it would take
3 points for a perfect eclair slightly tainted by snazzy but not so tasty decorated chocolate topping
5 points for graciously fixing the mistake
All in all, Sucre was worth the trolley ride and walk. If I go back, I'll steer clear of the eclair, be sure to order gelato, and try something else from the decadent display counter.I wish my cupcake had more cake. What cake there was, was awesome. Tender and vanilla. But it was kind of like eating an icing snowball. The core of the cupcake was nothing but icing. It was good icing, just too much.Suggestions: Everything really was outstanding and we didn't have a particular "favorite", however the macaroons were THE BEST I have ever eaten
Pros: Gillato was epic, truffles were really good and unique, had a lot of flavor options for both the macaroons and the truffles, attention to detail
Cons: Parking, the pastry they used for the eclair was just good
Thoughts: So my wife is definitely more of the desert person that me but this place is like a magical factory of the most delicious and creative deserts imaginable. Just as an example, they make something they call the "Ice Cream Po' Boy", it three scoops of ice cream sandwiched between two eclair pastries, and drizzled with chocolate and caramel sauce.
Everything at this place was absolutely amazing, with one minor exception; the eclair pastry was just good. Honestly I don't think it would have stood out as much except that everything else was of such high quality. Ice cream, amazing; chocolate, smooth and delicious; pastries and cakes, practically perfect. As yet another example of their outstanding quality; I don't really like macaroons, they are often dry and too firm. These were unbelievably good, I didn't know a macaroon could taste this good. The "cookie" was  firm but with a moist, slightly chewy consistency; and the filling was so mouthwatering. To top all of that off the flavors were very unique and each that I tried was wonderful.
I will say that the location on magazine street is definitely better than the one in the French quarter. Parking is better, they have outside seating, and the overall atmosphere is just a little less hectic and crazy.
Sucrè is one of the highlights of my culinary experiences in NOLA and I desperately wish I was able to come back. If you live in NOLA, or if you're driving through NOLA you absolutely MUST visit.Oh my! The strawberry lemonade torte was amazing, as well as macaroons & gelato! Try the coconut basil & raspberry gelato! Such a fun spot to get wonderful pastries made by pastry chefs, and a crisp cool vibe.PROS:  Awesome place to cure your sweet tooth.  Gelato, cupcakes, fine chocolates and macaroons.  LOVE that they have so much of local artist Alex Beard art on the walls. Lovely customer service.
CONS:  For an "upscale" place, you have to ASK for one of their nicer bags.  And I overheard them having to call a MANAGER to okay giving another customer a handful of their gift bags for what was obviously going to be gifts to several different parties.  SERIOUSLY?!  
BOTTOM LINE:  Cute place for sweets, but if you can't figure out how to build the cost of the bag into your swag, you have no right running a business on Mag.This place made me feel like a kid in a candy store. The cupcakes, the chocolates, the macaroons... I could barely handle it. Be warned, choosing is very hard here, so you risk spending a lot more than you planned by choosing everything. Well worth it, though.This place is so adorable. They have a variety of sweets to choose from: macarons, chocolates, gelato, cookies, you name it. I came specifically for the macarons to bring home as souvenirs, which were $2 each or a box of 8 for $15. Tip: macarons are best eaten the same day! They get soggy by the next day! We also had the gelato (strawberry & mango) which was yummy.I'm usually not a chocolate dessert lover, but, Good Lord, get Sucre's s'mores skillet dessert with toasted almond ice cream on the side. Or the strawberry cream cake.
Or the raspberry mousse-filled chocolate cake. I can't remember the official name of each of the desserts that our group enjoyed, but you can't go wrong with any of them.Ok, if you like super sweet deserts, this is the place for you.  I tried the gelato (wow - that was sweet), the chocolates (oh my goodness, sweet), and then thought about something else.  But, reconsidered. 
I did, however, discover that they have an amazing hot peppermint tea.  And yes, it's peppermint, not spearmint.Sucre, located on Magazine Street is an adult Candyland. This whimsical sweet shop has the most adorable store front with hanging colorful ice cream scoops and cones.
Sucre interior and gelato Macaron flavors including chocolate, hazelnut, nectar cream, peaches and cream, orange, strawberry, almond, pistachio.
I bought these soft nectar and lemon marshmallows and had a green tea.I had several of their beautiful desserts and cupcakes and they were amazing. I also had pistachio gelato and yeah it was amazing too!!Ordered $80 worth of King Cakes overnighted for Mardi Gras party. They were dry and had NO filling. Zilch, nada.  Embarrassing.  Not again.The macaroons are amazing. We bought a package of 8 with different flavours. The chocolate and coffee were the best. We also tried two of their chocolate cakes. We did not enjoy them as much as the macaroons. The store was very clean and nice. Staff/service was ok. 5 stars for presentation/display of the sweet and the boutique in general.I have to visit this sucre every time I come in to town. The macarons are incredible and totally worth the $2 each. I love getting gifts here for people back home and they are always impressed with the quality. The king cakes are also fantastic. I wish they had a better drink selection though, but that won't stop me from coming.I don't know how you can't love Sucre. Maybe if you are without a soul?
Honestly, in the many times I have been to Sucre and to this location in particular, I have never had a bad experience.
The employees are fantastic, nice and appropriately chatty without being overbearing. Always very helpful and practically throwing samples at you.
The food? I mean, come on, god damn delicious. I have had many flavors of their gelato, quite a few of their cupcakes, some of their chocolates, macarons, etc. All delicious, flavorful, masterfully baked and decorated, and (best of all!) creative. Oh, and the coffee is great, too. Everything they do here, they make sure to do well.
Are they expensive? Hell yeah, but you get what you pay for. Sucre is quite obviously a luxurious environment for the dessert lover. While it hurts to pay $10 for two medium gelatos, all of that is quickly forgotten as I immediately get lost in the rich, intense flavors of the generous serving. Mmmm.The brownie sundae is probably the best dessert I've ever had in New Orleans. If you've never had it do yourself a favor and try one on a special occasion. The prices here are a tad expensive from what I recall but you get what you pay for.Friendly staff, with a relaxed atmosphere. This dessert shop has some amazing treats for anyone with a sweet tooth.(English)
I have been here every time I come to New Orleans, the sweets vary between chocolates, cupcakes, eclairs, puddings and the gelato everything is absolutely delicious, but without a doubt my favorites are the macarons. With many interesting flavors to choose from, my personal favorites are pistachio and almond, but I'm always willing to try new flavors. I would totally recommend this place.  
(Español)
He venido para aquí cada vez que vengo a Nueva Orleans, los dulces varían entre chocolates, cupcakes, pasteles y el helado. Todo es absolutamente delicioso, pero sin duda mi favoritos son los macarons.
Con muchos sabores interesantes para elegir, mis favoritos son el de pistachio y almendra, pero siempre estoy dispuesta a probar nuevos sabores. Recomendaría totalmente este lugar.Whoa!  The macaron cake that they made for a party I hosted was out of this world!!!! It was a gorgeous white cake filled with strawberry buttercream and covered in a melt in your mouth fondant.  I think I heard a choir of angels when I ate the cake base, but it could have been food ecstasy delirium.  The macarons were in five or six different flavors and so good you couldn't help but eat one every time you walked by the table.  Amazing and visually spectacular.Silly that two girls who don't eat sugar as a rule, would even come in here. We had heard such good things we just had to look. Lucky for us there was sugar free raspberry gelato, and it was the best I've ever had.COME TRY THEIR MACAROONS. They are so soft and fluffy and delicious. I dare say even better than the ones I have had in Paris. My favorite is the Salted Caramel.Every once in a while, you find yourself in love with a certain sweet or food.
Well, my love for macarons has been lifelong. And I swear I dream of the macarons from Sucre. 
If you live in NOLA, or are only traveling through, stop at Sucre and enjoy their beautiful and tasty sweets. 
I'm dreaming of the delectables I will nab on my next visit!Literally the best place to go for gelato! They have a wide variety of flavors to meet everyone taste buds. They offer coffee, milk shakes and a selection of gourmet dessert pastries if your not into gelato. This evening I got the coffee flavored gelato my taste buds are beyond thrilled.I'll admit it- I'm a HUGE fan of Sucre... 
The gelato is incredibly refreshing on a hot summer day, and they have a wide selection of flavors to choose from (they'll also let you have a little taste when you're deciding if you're unsure about a flavor.)
But wait...there's more...
Sucre also has a case full of incredible looking cake-like treats if you're not feeling gelato...and the cupcakes are practically perfect. You can get individual chocolates or create a box to give as a gift by choosing the ones you want from the case in the back. The macarons are a specialty- and they can also be bought individually or as a gift box. There's also a bunch of different candy bar options you can buy to take home.
Oh, and did I mention that the king cake here is one of the best in town- no, seriously- just get at least one next Mardi Gras and see what I'm talking about. I actually tried one at a friend's house and then went to buy one myself because I had to make my SO taste it. 
The shop itself is well-lit, clean and comfortable. There's a lot of indoor seating and a few sidewalk tables if you want to sit outside and watch the action on Magazine. The staff is always really nice and helpful- they'll answer any questions you've got about the desserts. There's a clean, well-maintained bathroom in the back, too.
The coffee here is pretty good- and you can buy a bag to take home if you have a particular favorite blend. (Tchopitoulas blend is a favorite in our household.)
As expected, prices can be a bit high- that's how it goes with gourmet/fancy desserts no matter what city you're in. The point here is that the treats here are actually *worth* the price. (and really- do you want to spend your money and calories on a crappy grocery store cupcake or spend a little more and get something really decadent? I go with decadent every time.)Got the cookies and cream gelato and it was delicious!! Wish I had known it was going to be so good I would have gotten a bigger scoop!Stratciatella americano . Ok
Coconut basil. Good if you like coconut 
Pistachio . Very Good yes
Eggnog. Meh
Charlies . Brownie fudge ripple, need I say more? 
Banana glánduja. Very good yes
Malted milk chocolate bark. Very delicious 
Pbb sorbet. Too hard, okGood Lord this place is delicious! Great little shop full of tasty works of art!Clean and inviting atmosphere. Good gelato and the staff was friendly and helpful. Much better experience here than in the French Quarter Location.The deserts are good. Came on a Saturday night and the server was EXTREMELY rude. We live here and I will not be returning!!A great sweets show off Magazine Street.  Didn't get to try their chocolates or their gelatos, but the French macaroons were pretty and delightful.  I got one of each flavor and I thought the jelly-filled ones tasted the best.  The salted caramel chocolate cupcake was tasty, but the chocolate cake was average tasting while moist while the salted caramel frosting had a weird saltiness to it.  I would have gotten the strawberry cupcake if the flavor of the cupcake wasn't just in the jam filling.I have yet to to patronize any establishment with the a friendlier staff! Go here if you need any desserts with popping visuals. Both the pastries and the chocolate are like art and the flavors are intense. I thought the gelato is hit or miss but my friends really liked it.Cute, charming atmosphere and friendly service!  We highly recommend the AllthingsNola sundae - pecan praline gelato, bananas Foster sauce, candied pecans, chunks of bread pudding, whipped cream and a macaron. Holy cow, it was awesome!My favorite macaroon would be their seasonal summer blackberry and my current favorite is their apple pie. The best in the city for gelato and dessert!!A little pricey but very tasty. Two cakes totaled to $15 something. The cakes are pretty petite so they are definitely a little over priced for what it is. 
I ordered the peanut butter one and my partner ordered the "all things NOLA" which had a layer of bananas foster and is what she wanted. It was all good. Just nothing super special, considering the price tag.
Otherwise, the staff was very friendly and the place was very clean.SO GOOD! Cute shop, great service, delicious treats that are worth the price! My favorite was the coconut basil gelato as well as the blueberry lemon macaron, salted caramel and apple pie macarons. It gets a bit crowded but worth a trip in.THESE CUPCAKES ARE ABSOLUTELY DIVINE. not only are they GORGEOUS. The cake and buttercream are delicious. 
Staff is very friendly, and hospitable. 
Such a wide selection to choose from. We will definitely be back!I love coming here for the gelato. They offer a range of unique flavors that are delicious!
The staff is also friendly and helpful. If you're unsure about what flavor of ice cream to get, they'll let you sample it.
The store presentation is nice, too. Very clean and sleek.
I took a star off because it's kinda expensive. I've never tried anything else on the menu because of the prices. Although recently I had one of their sundaes with their sorbet and OH. EM. GEE. Delicious and refreshing!
This is definitely a type of place you come to treat yourself.Great place. In the touristy Magazine St stroll. 
Great desserts, Gelato, macaroons, and all kinds of other high end, high calorie, goodies. 
I had 2 scoops of Gelato. 
One was coconut/basil. It had the barest hint of sweet basil in a mild coconut flavor. Very tasty in both a light dessert and savory way. 
The other Gelato I had was hazelnut chocolate. Nice mild hazelnut flavor on a light chocolate base. 
The girl who would be my girlfriend had 2 scoops also. Peppermint on dark chocolate w/ fudge sauce. 
She says its "Yum"..
It's she also says it's...
 $$$
Expensive !!  (She paid, lol).
Beautiful display cases full of delicious looking macaroons, cakes, cookies, Gelato, and other sweets. 
Clean, inviting place.From the moment I walked in this place I felt an overcoming.....I didn't realize what I was about to encounter.  .Then I tried a Macaroon.  That is all it took.  Sucré is an emporium of "artisan" sweets. Unlike a traditional bakery, Sucré serves plated desserts with custom garnishes in addition to boxed treats.  
Words can not describe these pastries...IF you would even call them that.  Each one is delicately created, filled with goodness, and sometimes even airbrushed.....
I wasn't a big "sweets" fan.......but now I crave Sucre'.  
I plan on visiting them this weekend!! YUMThis is a magical store with many delectable desserts. It's a great place to grab gelato or even look at their wonderful bakery. They also do a lot of catering for weddings and events so go in and check out this beautiful store. The colors and the candies remind me a of a great dessert store in Paris.LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Sugar overload. I skipped dinner to have a brownie sundae and it was well worth it. Get the brownie warmed! The homemade gelato was also pretty tasty. They let you try the different flavors.I love me some Sucre. It is clean, the macarons make great gifts, and the sundaes are AMAZING!!  On one occasion, we actually just had the sundaes for lunch. The Gimme S'more is my favorite, but the Sucre chocolate and the All Things NOLA are superb too. I order their gorgeous King Cakes for gifts- tastes amazing and the cool glittery sugar always has a WOW factor. Love, love, LOVE this place!at this very moment I am enjoying my favorite coffee...an amermicono. as a coffee connoisseur, I go to sucre as often as possible. they actually care about the customers and they make sure whatever you order is to your liking. they serve the finest beverages and gourmet food like pastry's .... chocolate (OMG, the best chocolates in the city!)
a barista named Jessie will often make my coffee because he makes it perfectly! you can always expect fine and fresh products. they even work with local businesses, rather than nameless corporations. it's really great they support nola. I'm all for that! 
if you haven't already, you must check it out. 
everything they serve is amazing!My praline latte was awesome and the cute guy preparing it was an Angeleno too! Unfortunately I did not try any of the sweets-next time!Lovely gelato! I also enjoyed the chicory macaron. Definitely worth a visit to satisfy your sweet tooth.