So I finally had a chance to check out the new Sukho Thai.  I am  definitely a critic's critic and the type of person which likes to find places that  aren't heavily advertised. I personally believe the food and service of a restaurant  should be  allowed to speak for its self and I must admit a good  happy hour is definitely a bonus.   
I was kind of nervous due to the mixed reviews but I had yet to find a thai restaurant which has blown me away and yes I have gone to La Thai,  so i figured I should try and see what this restaurant truly had.  So I went where any curious customer would go and I requested to be sat in the  bar area  and I must say I was not dissappointed.  Their bar area featured the typical stools but also had  an additional  table area  if I preferred. Complete with  a wide selection of import beers and a wine list which showed true care in its creation(I hate seeing kendal jackson on a wine menu or any grocery store brand, lol). 
Well back to the experience...I  must give kuddos to the bartender for truly guiding me,  recommendations are one thing but he even had knowledge of specialty items that were not on the menu and unique personal takes on thai staple menu items,(e.g. "glass noodles in the pad thai for a lighter filling feeling and add pineapple to it if you truly trust me"  plus he  brought  out an amuse bouche).  That is impressive in my eyes and made me feel as if I was the only person that mattered.  Three letters sum up this experience W-O-W.  
  Anyways,  you are probably wondering about the food and what i ordered.  Well I took this bartenders advice(otherwise why ask,  lol) and ordered these recommendations and I must say he was correct.  So here it goes.... the complimentary amuse bouche was a total shock,  the orange shrimp appetizer was both light and refreshing but wasn't on the menu(so thank you again for guiding me), and  pad thai with glass noodles and pineapple must receive two thumbs up due to creativity and flavor). I am not quite sure why people are saying this place is overpriced or that the food service is below par.  In regards to price it is  definitely on par with the other thai restaurants,  maybe its just the LA style decor which intimidates  them  but i personally loved the decor.
Anyways I hope this review helps somebody.  All i can say about this place in closing is I personally only write on yelp if i have a disappointing experience or an above expectations one and yelpers this one was definitely above my expectations.I love the atmosphere, food, and their THAI TEA!!!!! 
It's so good! 
I will be back!This is my favorite restaurant. Ever. In life. I'm only sad that I now live in Baton Rouge and can't have it as often. The food is so fresh, & so perfectly seasoned and prepared that it's just unreal. The atmosphere is excellent. & they serve by far the best Thai tea ice EVER had. Everyone I take here loves it too, even if they don't normally eat Thai cuisine.I absolutely love the ambience in here. Nice Sat night dinner place. 
I ordered the Panang curry and while it wasn't the best it was pretty close. Even though it looks very modern inside the food is close to authentic. The only other thai place I've been to in NOLA is La Thai on Pyrtania and while that wasn't bad, I would rather go to Sukho Thai if I had a choiceI love SukhoThai. I will never understand the bad reviews on this place because I'm never disappointed when I come here. The service is always great, the food is super yummy, and the prices aren't outrageous. By far my favorite Thai place in NOLA.This place is great and reasonably priced! I like their grilled steak salad. Service is always great and the food is good and fast. Glad to be near them!My friends and I hit this place up for lunch yesterday, armed with our appetites after our Saturday night outings. 
I loved the atmosphere - I am really into exposed brick with cozy seating and some interesting art lining the walls. The place actually seemed sophisticated, but not pretentious or super-trendy. 
The menu is extensive with some really interesting Thai combinations that I will definitely try, but I was just craving some Pad Thai peanut-ty goodness! And it was really really good. Not greasy, great flavor with extra crush peanuts on the side if I needed more flavor. Awesome. My friend ordered the drunken noodles, which was salty (given that it is a soy-saucy sauce), but also very good. I didn't try the other dishes, because I was so focused on my own. We all tried the thai iced-tea which was also very good. Looking over the cocktail menu, they have some basic concoctions of house cocktails, but nothing fancy or too innovative. I'd probably order one or two to try them - but they play it safe, which is really okay because they're food all seems pretty good. 
I was unimpressed with the service. They were friendly and helpful when we asked, but it was slow and our server never checked up on us. We kept waiting for the check and one of us had to go find him when we needed change. Le Thu N. was right though - my water glass was never empty. Good call, dude, because our crew needed it! Our main server however, was cool at first and MIA in the end. And it was dead in there - 2 tables on the floor. 
Sorry - it just wasn't stellar. I'll return for the Panang Duck another time. Maybe on Friday or Saturday when they have live music!I've been here twice and was semi-impressed by the food.  There's a lot of vegetarian options which is a big plus and they can make it good and spicy.  Both times I've been here I had such awful service that I don't think I can come back to dine in.  Maybe takeout for the future?  I mean, we had food for at least 10 minutes until we could find someone to get utensils, waiting a half hour to be seated when well over half the restaurant just needed to be bussed, and the server taking forever to take orders, etc.  
If you have the time and want some good thai food then have at it.My favorite Thai restaurant in New Orleans.  Delicious, but not cheap.I've decided to try sukho Thai on magazine st. I love Thai food and after reading reviews of this being the best Thai restaurant in New Orleans, I had to eventually try it. The restaurant is what one would expect on magazine st. The brick walls that lined the restaurant had painted canvases on one side and canvases covered and decorated in Thai silk on  the other to add a splash of color. The service was wonderful. The staff was very nice and knowledgable. The food was good but it's not authentic Thai food. The Thai hot lives up to its name, but the taste of the dishes seems modified. The crab and shrimp fried rice is superb. This is one of the few Thai restaurants that continues to serve this dish. I will come back for this rice dish, but for authentic Thai food I will have to look elsewhere.3.25/5 it is what it is
Beggars  can't be choosers so this is decent given the options. I appreciate the range in the menu, particularly the heat scale. The dinner portions are sizable and you can fill up quite a bit. Of the things I've tried, the curry noodles is probably on the more interesting side -- the rice options seem standard. If you wanna try something new, go for the Thai lime tea, which is a refreshing twist.I recently came here for my birthday because I love Thai food an I had not yet made it to Sukho Thai yet. I have been wanting to try it for some time so I was very excited to give it a go. 
Sukho Thai has some of my favorite appetizers out of any restaurant. The dumplings and the fried eggplant. I would order both of those again without a doubt. Both so simple, but made perfectly and the dipping sauces are the perfect enhancement to the dishes. The tom kha (coconut) soup was really good, but a little on the sweeter side than what I am used to. My husband tried the Tom Yum (hot & sour) soup and loved it. It was spicy with a little hint of lime. YUM. 
As for entrees I went with the pad thai. Everybody does it a little different so I was looking forward to seeing their spin on it. Overall, it was very tasty and I would order it again and again. It had a great balance of spicy and sweetness. One of the better pad thai's I have had the pleasure of eating. 
Our server was so sweet and made sure we were happy with each of our courses as they came out. He made great suggestions so we could get a little taste of everything since it was our first time there.Nothing better than great green curry with beef- spicy  hot and delicious. Perfect with dirty martinis with lychee rather than olives on the toothpick. YumOne of my favorite places around town. Fried rice is always great.
This time our waiter was professional, casual, and friendly. Wine we ordered was great, it was the Cambre Pinot Grigio. I normally get he drunken fried rice but went for the seafood fried rice with crab this time. It was good but not as good as drunken rice. The broken net soup was delicious and maybe a little too spicy. Overall a good experience.
The only issue I have with Sukho is the spiciness rating system. Sometime I order mild-medium and it's extremely hot and other times it's barely mild. This is a small gripe as the food is delicious in either case but is something I've noticed in my multiple visits. 
I definitely recommend this spot on any night of the week.OMG!!! Some of the best, freshest, most tantalizing  Asian food I've  ever had! It was fresh, hot, and very delicious. The service, however, left a lot to be desired. Took forever to get our food when the restaurant was nearly empty! I'd go again, but only for take out!I have only been here for lunch and I love the Drunken Noodles! They are delicious! That really is the only thing that I get here any more. And the lunch portion is more than enough food for one person. Last time I was there I ordered it hot and it was great! The spice was not too overwhelming to me, but I am also dying to try the Thai Hot! Maybe next time I will be more adventuresome. I have also ordered the Red Curry which is very similar to a Massaman Curry. I just cannot bring myself to order any thing other than the Drunken Noodles now. 
The aesthetics of the restaurant are great! Its a big open space but stays relatively quiet. Go here for lunch and order the Drunken Noodles, you will not be disappointed.My friend had a coupon for Sukho Thai so we were off to try it.  
There's no off-street parking but we were able to find street parking pretty quickly.  The ambiance is very nice, with exposed brick, nice lighting and art.  We had the Panko Soft Shell Crab and the Shrimp Fresh Rolls. The crab was good; I found the breadcrumbs overpowered the actual crab though, it was a bit dry. It was topped with a mango salsa but it really needs a dip in my opinion.  I did not like the rolls, but that was my fault--I don't like them in ANY Asian restaurant, I just wanted to try it.
I then had the chicken Tom Kha soup, which was very good. You could taste how fresh it was, the lemon grass and mushrooms...mmmmm. Very well done.
My entree was the Shrimp Pineapple Fried Rice. Absolutely delicious. The rice was cooked perfectly, moist without clumping. The tangy sweet taste of the pineapple mixed well with the delicious Gulf shrimp. I would definitely get it again. My friends had beef panang (he liked it but I didn't taste it) and the Waterfall Beef which looked neat--it was served in a piece of lettuce and looked like a waterfall (doh).  
And the surprise was the coupon allowed for alcohol to be purchased...so we had a Tropical Mojito (delicious!) and a Thai Bellini (ok). 
I would really like to go back, but for lunch to save money.We waited 15 minutes at our table to be greeted by someone telling us our server would be with us shortly. We should have left. If there was lower than 1 star, they would get it. I frequent SuKho Thai in the Bywater. The service and food there is AMAZING. So, I figured Uptown would be the same. Wrong. The food was cold. It tasted terrible. I would have mentioned it to our server or any employee, however I couldn't find anyone for another 20 minutes. I actually got sick shortly after leaving. 
We were ready to pay and leave at that point. My boyfriend wanted to take home a part of his meal that was decent. The server brought us a box without a Togo bag, that wasn't an issue. The issue was that when we asked the Hostess if we could have one, the girl was texting at the hostess stand, didn't even look up, and said: "You can get it over there" pointing to the bar. Apparently her text conversation was more important than helping the only customers in the restaurant at that point. I called after leaving and asked for the manager, unsurprisingly they were not available. I will not return.I don't know how to write this review without sounding like a total kiss-ass. LOL  I LOVE this restaurant.  In the last 3 months I would estimate I've eaten here over two dozen times.  Yes, really.  The food is what keeps me coming back.  I'll try to focus here and just hit the main points:
Pros: 
 - The best Thai food in New Orleans.  According to me. :)  Fresh spices and ingredients (some of which are grown out back in the garden behind the restaurant), balanced recipes that are not too sweet, and always extravagantly flavorful without using MSG. (to my knowledge)
-A WHOLE PAGE Vegan menu.  So few restaurants in Nola are on the bandwagon with veggie-lovers.  Here at Sukho you can get any one of over a dozen tasty, awesome, filling dishes made with no animal products whatsoever. And the same care and flavoring goes into it as the meat dishes.  I really appreciate that, although I am an omnivore myself.
-The cocktails.  Oh dear God, the cocktails.... they are $9 glasses of paradise. 
 -Friendly, competent and hardworking staff.  They are team players and, being a restaurant vet myself, I am very critical of management and how I see the staff being treated.  This place makes the grade here as well.  I've never had bad service, although admittedly when I go out to eat I am generally not in a huge hurry.  For takeout you can sit at the bar and get your food in 10-15 minutes, out the door.  
Cons: 
-On the weekends, the noise gets overwhelming sometimes.  Especially toward the later half of the dinnertime period when the customers are getting sloshed....  Some noise-control drapes from the ceiling might help this issue.  90% of the time its fine though.
-Only one non-dairy dessert option. (Mango rice)
-It is SO cold in there sometimes!!  Not that this is unique, I bring a sweater with me everywhere in the summer because most places crank that AC like crazy.  But on times I've forgotten my sweaters, it is definitely chilly in there.
 - Only one bathroom for each gender, and on busy nights you may want to check for TP first.
If you have never had Thai food before, go here!!  Get the Tom Ka (Coconut milk soup) and Pad Thai, with or without meat.  You will either love it or you will discover that Thai food is not your thing. ;)My first time at Sukho and I was not disappointed! It's been storming all weekend so I just wanted some spicy noodles. I normally go to La Thai for Thai food, but they don't have as large of a selection of noodles so I decided to give Sukho a try. We ordered the papaya salad to split and I ordered the Old Siam Duck Noodle Broth. The papaya salad had great flavor and spice, but I didn't like that it was on a bed of lettuce with raw string beans and tomatoes. Those didn't go too well with the papaya and fish sauce dressing. Otherwise a pretty good salad. The duck noodles were phenomenal!!! Egg noodles in a sweet, spicy soy broth with Chinese broccoli and fried garlic. Super yummy and it comes with A LOT of duck for only 14 dollars! A great deal. Will definitely be coming back when I crave a warm bowl of noodles. Can't wait to try their other dishes.Went here last night to celebrate Father's Day and my in-laws anniversary and we were not disappointed. We had been to their location in the marigny and the service was bad, it was dirty and there were tons of flies inside. This location is worlds away. Inside it's simple and modern with a swanky vibe and cool paper lanterns. But best of all was the amazing food! We started with tropical mojitos made with mint, lime & mango juice. They were sweet and refreshing. Then moved on to chicken skewers with peanut sauce, crab dumplings and shrimp in a pouch. All very yummy! I had the eggplant lover vegan style with tofu. It was spicy, packed with flavor and truly some of the best Thai I'd ever had. The others hand seafood dishes one with grilled eggplant, one with cashews and veggies and one in a pepper sauce with broccoli. We were happy campers. Can't wait to finish my left overs.Great Thai food, really good atmosphere.  The chicken Pad Thai is some of the best I've had.  Beware, this is the real deal, and hot.  Medium heat makes me sweat here.  The Drunken Noodles are great as well.I've been wanting to go here for 2 years but it never ended up happening. I found it through just hopscotching between google maps a google search for high rated restaurants around me. I finally got the chance this year for my birthday, i asked them to prechill  a bottle champagne which they did & we enjoyed half of throughout the meal.
we started out with the champagne (dom perignon 2002), beer (lion stout) & a cocktail (Siam Sunrise: yum refreshing), then the appetizers we got Herbal Mussels the broth was really good, & the appetizer sampler which came with Two Veggie Rolls: cut into halves so it was 4 & crispy & crunchy  , Two Shrimp In A Pouch, Four Ahi Katsu Rolls: that was some good tuna, but sadly no dipping sauces as you'd get with each individual appetizer.
Soup 
Royal Tom Yum: lot of flavor particularly from the lemongrass, & Galangal, big shrimp.
&
Broken Net: amount of meat i'd expect from a soup, nice basil broth. I love basil.
salad 
 Green Papaya Salad: sweet, nutty, sour from lime, good
& Seafood fried rice: wasn't very impressed not very good fried rice & went a little skimpy on the seafood
on to the main course:
Royal Basil Duck: I was expecting a half of duck, not lumps of breast meat, but it was good i got med hot, nice steamed broccoli, delish
Three Flavor Whole Fish w/ Shrimp and Scallops: I ordered the mahi Mahi 5/5 hot, and wow when it got to the table it was scary because it was a whole fish like over a foot long fish, lot of seafood with it too but it's like a finger food since it has the skin on it. Oooh hot hot hot.
Yellow curry : Oh my, this is heaven sent delicious saffron curry, very few foods can make me tear up like that, it's just so beautiful.
& a sake (Cherry Bouquet Dewazakura Oka)
Dessert
Black Rice Pudding: nice coconut tapioca garnished with blueberries & a strawberry
Chocolate Lava Cake: Oh yeah a rich crispy outside smooth buttery cake inside & a ganache that is creamy enough not to overpower you but almost 
went nice with a Negori sake (Pearl Momokawa Junmai Ginjo)I just don't get it!!
I won't lie - I grew up in a small town, and "Thai place" was not in our vocabulary.  I am not the go-to person to judge whether food is authentic Thai.  That being said, I love trying different foods and especially food from different cultures, and I know when something *tastes* good and is a good value.
Sukho Thai neither tastes good, nor is it a good value.  
This evening, we ordered delivery.  We've eaten in the store twice, and while I've never been impressed, the boyfriend really wanted Thai, and we remembered there always being a TON of food.  We were hoping to get a couple of meals worth out of the delivery, and I let him order for me in hopes that we'd find something that would make Thai food in general click for me.  He ordered beef Kefir lime curry for himself and "hot" basil chicken for me.  Sometimes, I don't know why I let him talk me into this stuff.
My chicken came with mixed vegetables and in a broth.  The broth tasted like beef broth with a good centimeter of grease floating on top.  There were a few green beans, a few sad pieces of red bell pepper, and what I'm 100% certain was an entire onion's worth of sliced onion in it.  A few leaves of burnt and bitter basil were scattered throughout.  The chicken itself was dry (remarkable, considering it was sitting in all that grease) and I don't know what was "hot" about it because there was 0 heat (I can HANDLE me some heat) and the food was cold by the time it arrived to us.  I liked the boyfriend's beef curry, but he (the seasoned Thai eater) seemed unimpressed, and before I could go in for a second taste to be sure, he'd finished it all.  It was delivered in those plastic tupperware-type Chinese takeout containers, and it was a little less than half full.  We were so disappointed that we paid full price and got probably 1/3rd of the food we receive in store.  We have more white rice than we know what to do with, though, because they did NOT fail to send us with an overstuffed, over-sized takeout box of the stuff...  Maybe I'll make rice pudding to fill us up....Ordered out Pad Thai and Chicken fried rice. Make sure you are aware of their spice scale of 1-5. I decided that three would be a suitable number for my wife who likes spice, but not the overbearing type of spice. If you sound like this type of person, I suggest sticking to the lower range of numbers, 1 or 2. Crazy spicy. Personally, I wente with LeVeL 4 and forged through the experience with lips in-tact. Other than that, the flavors were alright compared to a few other Thai restaurants that I've eaten at here in New Orleans. Noodles a little sticky. I'd eat here again when I have a hankering for neighborhood Thai. Also, I'll add that the atmosphere is very nice.  You could get away with anything from shorts/shirt to dressy attire. Enjoy!Came for dinner, ordered one of the fish entrees. Service was excellent, although it may have been because I came for an early dinner and the place wasn't entirely full. Manager and waitress came to ask how everything was several times. compared to other thai places, this one is way overpriced-- I agree with the previous posters. Would come back if it were less expensive.The kaffir lime was a bit too salty for my taste. I had to pour the soupy portion into my rice bowl, after moving the rice to another plate. The service was good, though, but there are better places for Thai food. 
Nice decor. Really wide tea menu.The service was slow, and the employees seemed like they couldn't care less about helping me. The food was just mediocre. I don't think I'll be going back.The Drunken Noodles are great along with the Pai Thai
I love how you can order the degree of heat you want.
Lunch is a real bargain . Atmosphere & service great.Prior to November of last year, if I wanted Thai food, I couldn't go with my K. But he surprised me by taking me to a Thai spot for my birthday and now he loves it!
I had a $10 restaurant.com certificate, so K was up for trying Sukho Thai. So we trekked uptown late on a Sunday night and got ourselves a table. After having liked Pad Thai at Cafe Equator, K decided to give Drunken Noodles a try, and we also ordered the Kaffir Lime Curry with chicken and the Crying Tiger.
Everything was pretty good. My favorite was the curry. K said he didn't want coconut milk, so we picked one without, and went with spicy level 4, and it was perfect. The beef in the Crying Tiger was good but my favorite part of that dish was the vegetables. K was worried he would find the wide noodles a little too gummy, but he was able to enjoy the noodles.
On Sundays, they have their cocktails for $5 each, and we took advantage of that. K got the Rama Dragon Martini and really enjoyed it (he talked about it for days). I had the Tropical Mojito and it was just okay.
It can get pretty pricey when you order three dishes between two like we do, especially in New Orleans where Thai food is generally expensive (a stir fry with chicken, pork, or tofu costs $8.50 at my go-to place in Portland, Oregon. The Peppery Garlic at Sukho Thai is $15 and at Bangkok Thai is $11.) But we enjoyed the dining experience, so we'll probably keep going back.Had an early dinner at Sukho Thai recently and was a little underwhelmed. 
It was my first time and I was pleasantly surprised by the decor.  Very modern and felt nicely upscale.  We were eating early so it was pretty empty but on the plus side I was able to take advantage of $3 martinis for happy hour.
The service was quick, efficient and very pleasant.
Unfortunately the good vibes I was getting were let down by the food - which was forgettable.  I went with a chicken larb salad and a bowl of the tom yum.  The chicken larb had a spicy kick but was otherwise didn't have any depth of flavor and the tom yum was very salty and just tasted off.  The SO got a salmon dish that was pleasant but pretty forgettable - also I thought the salmon was a little overdone.  Although only the tom yum was a disaster I was not impressed - particularly given the price point.Decor and atmosphere is nice.  The staff are attentive and friendly.  Catchy dish names.  Drunken noodles were so good.  We also had the duck pineapple fried rice and Tom Kha soup.  Presentation of dishes were pretty, however, the duck was dry and soup was just okay. It is a bit overpriced, but I kind of expected that since this was in the uptown area.  This wouldn't be my first choice for Thai food, but I will probably return to try other things on their menu.I couldn't have had a better experience. We always love it here, but tonight was different. I was mourning the passing of my best friend, and had not eaten in a couple days. My sweetie took me here cause I'm vegan and I love the options. I had a hard time trying to eat, but omg, the most amazing server William whose inner light shined so brightly got me calmed enough to finish my always delicious plate. He is a jewel and I hope his bosses realize that. I have worked in this bz 30 years, and I would hire him in a second and double his pay. He made a very sad night for me great by just being such a beautiful person. We will come back cause the food is awesome, but William is my boy! Even gave me a hug cause he knew I was hurting. Love you William and love Sukho Thai!The atmosphere was very nice and our server was excellent. 
We ordered seafood tom yum noodle soup and panang duck. Both were very flavorful and delicious. For dessert, we wanted to order mango and sticky rice but sadly mango was out of season... Instead, we ordered fried banana with ice cream, which were four pieces of fried banana, a few scoops of vanilla ice cream, and blueberries drizzled with honey. You can't go wrong with that.
I highly recommend this place for Thai food and we will definitely be back to try other items on the menu!My first time at Sukho Thai:
The server was so fricken nice, I kinda want to see if he wants to be friends in real life.  
I ordered the Pad See Ewe, which they call "Dirty Noodles", and it might be the best I've ever had.   It's a little pricier than I'd like, but definitely worth it. 
There's also a huge cocktail menu with lots of fun Thai-inspired options.First Thai restaurant dining experience in New Orleans and I was very pleased. I tried the Vegan Pad Thai and it was delicious, great friendly staff. I will be back for sure!sukho thai is one of the places I do return to when I want thai food.   I love the fresh spring rolls.     I prefer this location to the one in the bywater because its so much larger, and less hipster.    I feel comfy, and I like the ease of which everyone WANTS to help you.   
I come here often for lunch.   its relaxing and everyone is happy, even on days when they are in the weeds, they are right there for you.   you can get some heat on your food too, and the portions and flavor here tend to be more interesting than the other location.
phad thai
drunken noodle
spring rolls
tom yung gai soup.Had a enjoyable lunch today. Only wish the appetizer came out before the main dish.
Service was slow, glad I had cash on me. But over all good taste and spice.Food, service and atmosphere were all great. 
Had the sushi appetizer and it was delicious. 
We ordered green curry and coconut curry (both seafood) and they were both awesome. Would go again!I think this is the best Thai food uptown. My only gripe is that I'm not close enough to them, and they go through Nola food for delivery. But the drunken doodles and pad Thai are the best I've had in Nola!I tried this place for the first time yesterday. I was immediately seated and given water. I ordered the pineapple shrimp curry and seafood fried rice, and both were amazing. I was very pleased and will probably be dining here again.My girlfriend and I have both spent significant time in Thailand and this is the best we have found when we have a craving for Thai food - La Thai isn't as good/authentic. I've tried at least 15 things on the menu and I've never been disappointed with my food. Great flavors, good level of heat, and the staff whenever I dine in is always fantastic. You will be doing yourself a disservice by eating elsewhere if you are looking for great Thai food.The Tom Ka is good here. I did, however, order a mild chicken Pad Thai to-go and ended up with a melt-your-face-HOT tofu Pad Thai. Was told over the phone I could come back and get my proper order which I did. Not saying it is required but having worked in a restaurant, I think I would've made an effort to make amends...maybe throw in an order of fresh rolls, or a discount coupon, or at the very least, some eating utensils? No dice. Now my nose is running from the food I initially got and I'm looking at a fresh chicken Pad Thai that I can't eat. Sadness. I'm so hungry.As someone from California (where Thai food is prevalent and done really well) this place overall was a disappointment. 
Went for lunch on a not so busy Thursday and ordered pad see ewe (dirty noodle). Apparently medium here equals absolutely no spice. Had our waiter (who we suspect was high) had ever came back to our table we would have informed him of it. But since he disappeared, I got up and asked for a spice tray to completely alter my meal and give it flavor myself.
As this isnt my first trip to New Orleans, I already had a low expectation of service. Lets face it- the Big Easy is known for having Big Lazy service at restaurants. But this was pretty bad. Bathrooms had run out of toilet seat covers and paper towels. When mentioned to the host when I walked out with water dripping from my hands I received back a shrug with "yeah we ran out last night". 
Finally got a water refill as we were waiting for the check.
Why the second star? Because the guy singing, playing guitar and flute, was a nice addition to the ambience. If it werent for him this place would have gotten just one.
Bottom Line: Skimpy portioned, flavorless food and horrid service make this joint a pass.Update: This was not a fake review, I was just so horrified by my experience I felt the need to share. I never get on this which is why I never responded to your initial response several years ago. Unfortunately I had another horrible experience on 7/13/2018. Despite loathing this place, my dear friend wanted to go there for his birthday. I decided to go in with an open mind. It took roughly 38 minutes to get our first round of drinks. I looked past that since we were a larger group and it was a Friday night. Then our entrees came....My friend ordered the pad thai with shrimp and no bean sprouts. She got chicken with bean sprouts. Then they brought her another one, and she received chicken with no bean sprouts. Then she finally (after about 35 minutes) received the shrimp pad thai she had initially ordered. I'm saving the best for last, my entrée. I ordered the drunken noodles which smelled burned and even tasted burned, like they had been sitting in the hot oil for far too long. After our ridiculous wait for pretty much everything, my hunger surpassed my palate and I ate it anyway because I didn't want to wait any longer. I think I would have eaten the dead roach in the corner I was so hungry. The only positive out of this dinner, aside from celebrating our dear friend, was our waiter who was so amazing. I wish I could remember his name. With all that said, I will check this more regularly in hopes someone reaches out.3 starts? WTF? Best Thai I've ever had. About 15 for a meal, totally worth it. Drunken Noodles and green curry MMM MM MMMIt's Sunday afternoon and we just enjoyed some beignets and coffee at the mall. We started discussing dinner options and Thai food became our goal. Being from the Westbank, Banana Blossom was our go to but they are closed on Sundays. Our (new to the area) friends asked about this place, the last time I had it was years ago and simply remembered the company but not the food. We decided to just go ahead and give it a shot. The decor is modern and $5 cocktail specials is always a good thing for our group. They play music but it is so intensely low that unless you are at a dead silent table with no one else around, you will not hear it. The service was good, our server was friendly, nice, attentive, and great at her job. The drinks were fine, no complaints but no compliments either. For $5, they were adequate. The food came pretty quickly. Two in our party had the chicken panang, they didn't care for it. One had the shrimp tom yum (bowl), it was such a small portion! She didn't care much for it. I had the tofu pad thai with medium spiciness. Please read the next line carefully: IT WAS DECENTLY SPICY BUT HAD NO FLAVOR BESIDES THAT. There was no sweet, fragrant peanut smell, just spicy. The noodles were cut up, it was almost like they broke the noodles before boiling them. The noodles were so small that they served my dish with a spoon....Pad Thai served with a spoon, come on. The prices are ridiculously high in my opinion for the portion sizes and quality.Ever since my roommate and I moved to New Orleans the Marigny location is right down the street. We order take out and dine in at this location religiously. 
The other day we ordered about $50 worth of food and the quote time was over an hour. We called back and told them we would rather pick it up and they said see you in 20. When we went to pick it up my roommate went in and came out empty handed she said their credit card machine was down. She offered to write down the card number so they could charge us when it came back up. The server swiped the card 5 times and there are 5 pending charges now on her account. I went in and only had $35 in cash on me at the time not expecting to need another payment method. 
I asked the server that because they quoted us an hour and their credit card machine was down we can not do anything to get our food?  She argued with me and told me she didn't quote us an hour. I told her yes you did that is why we called back and asked to pick it up. All she said was that is too bad, looks like you can't and its an hour because we use an outside delivery company and that I shouldn't put words in her mouth. I was thinking of asking them to remake the soups that we got if I went to an ATM. I did not want to open that can if I asked. I called the uptown location and asked to talk to the owner he was not in. So I left my name and number and told the lady I would gladly talk about my service and experience I had. I still have not heard back. 
I feel like I was overly nice to the server and provided plenty of option so the business would be able to get partial or full payment.  So I decided to just forget it and leave, in the end the company lost the $50 revenue and my future business and the business of others. I work for a very large hotel chain in the city in a very large convention hotel. I would tell people to come here all the time sadly I cannot offer this as an option any more due to the extremely terrible experience I had here. 
I cannot offer the Magazine location either because of the terribly slow service. The last week when I was there, there was some kind of dirt and a small stick in my iced tea I ordered. I ordered another and the server assistant brought a new one simply filling my need and no apology or social interaction. Clearly none of the employees at either location feel empowered to do the right thing or provide quality service to make their location reputable. Since the owner or a manager did not call me back it seems like the communication was either lost or that simply is the type of atmosphere the owners are okay with fostering. 
This business does not even deserve a star.I have been here at least 4 times in the past year. Have been pleased with the service and atmosphere. I have enjoyed everything I have ordered. I love the Thai tea. They have good drink specials. I would have visited more but find myself in the are when they are closed midday.Let me set you up for why I had no patience for this place. My friends and I worked a 10 hr day on a Saturday (helping a friend). We were exhausted, starving, and just needed someplace that would take care of us. This place really disappointed. The food was decent but the service was absolutely horrible. Just getting someone to acknowledge our table took ten minutes. All the waiters hang back by the bar chatting and not being very waiter-like. We felt like we were the inconvenience just to ask this guy for some extra sauce. He brings the sauce for one person not for everyone at the table. Uh, what?...It really was a disaster. The owners should be ashamed that they have these people representing their establishment. Have to say the hostess was the most helpful person there-she should get a raise. We left their more exhausted than when we came in and vowed to never return.No! No! No!
We ordered the soup, the curry, and a garlic fry! Most was tasteless, cut wrong, and void of flavour.. My friend agreed! I was not impressed..
After growing up in Thailand - and spending my adult life there - I can honestly say this is not Thai food.
However, the pink elephant drink was the highlight :-)I'm writing the draft of this review from inside this restaurant... we still haven't received the check and we finished eating 30 minutes ago.  Took about 40 minutes to get our food.  The Tom Kha (coconut cream with chicken) soup was actually exceptional.  The pad Thai was also very good as well.  The Bathing Rama was a little dry, could have used a little more peanut sauce.  The place has a nice airy feeling and the music is not too loud, it's a great setting.  However, the entire experience was ruined by the poor service.  New Orleans could definitely use more Thai places and I really hope the owners of this restaurant fire their manager and hire someone who understands the basics about service.  Most of the waiters would stand around the drink area and do nothing.  No one is manning the host booth.  It's called hire a cute hostess and add 2 more waiters on the weekdays.  Done!Very good, but pricey. The location is very pretty, but I prefer to order delivery most of the time, as I find the service inside to be sluggish, even when you're the only diners in the place. The spice is good and the level matches what you order. As another reviewer said, "thai hot" doesn't pull any punches. I always want to try their fancy cocktails and exotic sounding drinks, but with the food already being on the upper end of what I want to pay, I haven't, yet. My favorites here are the pad thai, drunken noodles, yellow curry and I love the roti - but I don't see it on their website's menu now. I hope it's not gone.If you're looking for Thai, this place is as good as it gets! Once you step foot in, you're instantly greeted and helped to a table. It's nicely decorated and very spacious--good for big groups and parties. 
Every time me and my bf come here, we always get roti bread, sweet sausage fried rice, and a noodle dish. Depending on how we feel it'll be the duck noodle soup or the drunken noodles. I really wish I knew where they got their roti bread because it is always so flakey and has the perfect texture. Don't forget to ask for a side of their peanut sauce to dip your roti in! The sweet sausage fried rice might seem sketchy to you, but it's probably the best fried rice in New Orleans if you ask me. If you're thinking about getting the drunken noodles, make sure that you ask them to make it with light sauce or it'll just be drenched in it... Mmm, and the duck noodle soup! Let me tell you, never in a million years would I think to get this but my friend ordered this before and it was pretty good! It had egg noodles, duck breast, and chinese broccoli and the broth was very tasty. I also like that they let you pick your spice level of your dish, but if you're not ready to make that commitment yet, they also have a spice rack if you ask.
This place is literally my favorite for thai food. I've been here so many times that I've lost count. The food is always consistent and service is always good. Not gonna lie, it's pretty pricey but it is soooo worth it!I went to Sukho Thai with a group of friends and it was pretty good! The service was kind of slow, but it was busy and our waitress was a doll. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was delicious, but I wish that it had more of kick to it. So if you're ordering and want spicy food make sure you tell them you want very spicy because I only chose mild-medium and it wasn't enough. They also had a really great deal for $3 Tito's martinis. I will definitely be going back.I tried this place about 5 times and have had hit or miss experiences. 
Since its the closest Thai Joint to my house, I go there often enough, and tried the Red Curry and Basil Beef on my first try. I was very dissapointed in both, they didnt have the bold and robust tastes Im use to from Thaifood. In desperation, I ordered a 3rd Dish, the Seafood Basil and unfortunately, same result, very bland. The items were fresh, but the flavor was not there. What killed me is that I ended up spending 50 bucks (with tip and drinks). OUCH! 
I rolled back a few weeks later and got the Basil Fried Rice (or drunk'n rice) with Beef. Awesome flavor! It felt stright off the street in Lop Buri, Thailand! I polished it off. I don't even remember the price, it was that good. I repeated this again a week later. 
My last visit was a repeat of my first, I ordered the Chicken Satay and Papaya Salad. The salad was fresh, but the portion was tiny and the flavor of lime, fish sauce, chilis, garlic was very weak. The satay felt a little old. And it was 30 (with tip and an Thai Tea). Jeez, this is just two appitizers! 
I dont know, Im willing to come back and try new stuff, thier fish and special dishes are intrigueing, service always nice and attentive, great Iced Thai Tea, but dang if the food is pricey and not up to flavor. Please ADD MORE SAUCE!!! 
The place had a decent amount of customers most times I've been , so maybe its just my taste buds?I'll add that It is one of the nicest  Thai restaurants I've ever seen, and I've been to them all over the US (including ground zero in Los Angeles).Can't say enough good things about this place.   Some of the best Pad Thai in town.   The beef melts in your mouth.   Hint: skip the lunch portion and order off the regular menu.   You can thank me later.Eaten at both locations dozens of times. Downtown's spice levels are wildly inconsistent but on balance the place is great and has terrific staff. 
Uptown SukhoThai has crossed me for the last time. 
I sometimes call in pickup on my way home from work. Their staff is chaotic on the phone and they make you pre-pay for the order, which is a huge pain if you're driving, as I usually am. Just let me pay you when I arrive please. Are no shows such a big problem that it's worth inconveniencing every customer? 
Annnd They do not give you the same amount of rice to go as they do in house, so when I get takeout I invariably have too much curry and not enough rice. I have twice requested accommodation on rice portion size and the staff is annoying about it-- they insist on charging (like $2.50?) for what is really just an adequate amount of rice to go with my curry. Is this rice drama minutiae? Yes, but it's enough of a pain in the ass every damn time that I'll head to Thai mint or Bangkok, which are not on my way home but do actually accommodate customer requests. This place is more expensive than all of the other Thai in town. Peace. And I will miss the fry bread.The menu is creative and they offer several vegetarian friendly dishes. 
I was searching for a place with Salmon Panang or Pineapple curry. I found both here.  I got delivery through deliverynola and went with the Sizzling Salmon.  A large piece of salmon was ontop of blanched broccoli/carrots/cabbage. I could have done without these as it was so bland and almost raw (basically just a  whole lot of garnish).  The curry came with plenty of carrots, zucchini, and peas which I thought was odd. Peas? They must mean peapods...no no. They are peas. Fresh peas at that.  I wish there weren't peas, but at least they were fresh. I might try to modify this dish next time and see if they will accommodate.  Based on the reviews of level of spiciness, I went with medium (I normally get hot). Medium was perfect.  
The prices are a bit high ($25 for one curry dish with delivery fee) but the portion was large and the dish comes with rice. 
The meal was good. If they do a great pad thai, I'll have to up the stars!Stopped in after the parades for a quick bite having never been before and WOW were we so surprised and impressed. 
First of all, I should preface with how we practically don't dine without yelping first. A restaurant with 3.5 stars doesn't stand a chance in our book with all of the good food in Nola. We'd generally skip right over it. Having stopped in without checking yelp (for once), we were highly impressed and shocked at the reviews. I still haven't perused the comments, but I can't imagine how anyone wouldn't have a great experience here.
As huge fans of Thai food, we were more than happy with our meal. Ordered the drunken noodles and they were to die for. Literally the best we've had. We'll definitely be back. And I'll never look at a 3.5 star restaurant the same again.I previously visited the other Sukho Thai location in the Marigny and since I enjoyed it so much, I decided to go back but visit the Uptown this time.
This location has a much better aesthetic. It looks a lot newer and is a far more beautiful, zen space.
I thought that food at the other location was slightly better though. The only thing we order that we also ordered the last time was the Pineapple Shrimp Fried Rice which failed in comparison.
I ordered the Shrimp Pineapple Curry. I like the Jamaican preparation of curry and not so much the Asian version, so I was surprised that when I went out on a limb and ordered this, I really like it. I was very happy with my choice and definitely would order it again.
My fiance ordered the Drunken Noodles. We are typically Pad Thai people, but he said he may like this better. Either way, both are good choices.
Having experienced both locations, I probably would go back to the Marigny.Ambiance is very nice, service was good, food was on par. Chicken satay appetizer was just ok, however the drunken noodles made Thai hot were better than others I've tried in New Orleans. 
As a few other people stated, their Thai hot level of spiciness if hotter than what most people can handle. I asked for it 'twice as hot as Thai hot' and my mouth was on fire. It's great to know there's a place in town that will actually make you a meal as hot as you want it!The food was great. The 3 stars is because the server was terrible. We came in on a Sunday for lunch, it wasn't busy at all. Our server was very unmotivated and had no sense of urgency at all. It took her a long time just to get to our table, I don't mind patiently waiting if they were busy. We ordered a coke and a beer for beverages my husband got his Coke first and I asked him to see if she was coming back with my beer since my back was turned no, she was not because eating behind the counter. Ugh! 
Furthermore, she lacks the personality you need in this industry. The hostess did a better job checking in on us. The hostess refilled our water/soda as needed and overall friendlier than the server who wore crazy blue glitter eyeliner.
I would go back to this place but would walk right out if she was my server.Every dish was prepared perfectly and full of flavor. My daughter and I enjoyed everything we ordered. We each end started with a cup of Tom Yum Shrimp then we shared a plate of Som Tom *papaya salad* and plate of Shrimp Pad Thai. 4 stars for the taste would have been 5 but I felt the portion could have been better especially the Papaya Salad, however the server Juan was excellent. I would definitely go backWow, finally went to the new Magazine St. location and was it lacking.  The atmosphere is very sterile, the food quality we'll get to later and the service was horrid.  Our server had one other table besides our's.  We had to ask him three separate times for a high-chair for our two yr old and then he merely pointed out where they were so he could continue his conversation with the bartender.  Never refilled our water's or checked in on us once the food was delivered. Weak-sauce.
Now for the food:
I remember the halcyon days when Sukho Thai was the best Thai food you could find in New Orleans, better than a lot of spots I ate at in Thailand. But those days are no more.  It seems like they lost a good portion of their original staff to an amazing restaurant on the West Bank: Banana Blossom(which features a Northern Thai dish called Khao Soi, my favorite dish ever) and what comes through the kitchen doors these days at Sukho Thai is uninspired and extremely over-pricedDefinitely the best Tom Kha I've had in the city!  It was not too rich and not too thin.  I can't speak on the other food because I only ate the soup.  The other half of my party really liked his seafood glass noodle salad (can't remember the name of it).  He had the hottest version and enjoyed it!  Our server was very personable and professional.  It was a slow night when we were there, so it was very quiet and calm.The service here is usually decent. The food always tastes great. I'd say 5 stars on the flavor of the food. The issue I have with this place is the policy to require a card authorization on orders over $20 on the phone. It's inconvenient and inconsiderate to the guest. 
I understand why the policy is in place but it isn't the industry standard. It's also annoying. I'm sure they've been burnt by people not picking up take out orders before but it can't be anymore so than the countless, comparable establishments in New Orleans.As a Thai diner, to me, their food looks Thai but doesn't taste like it. Probably the weakest Thai restaurant I've come across throughout the US in terms of authenticity. Service is mediocre.Pretty decent food and they deliver! The fresh spring rolls are great and the shrimp soup was aweseome. I highly recommend this joint!Great atmosphere, very cool open interior.
I had the Drunken Noodles w Shrimp. Very very tasty and fresh.
Only thing keeping this 4 not 5 stars: very light on # of shrimp. I'd guess there were only 4-5 shrimp in the dish.First time here because I had purchased a Groupon. Staff was very friendly and helpful with questions about the menu. The inside was very nice and had a great feeling. I had ordered the chicken appetizer which was very good. I had I love you my sweetheart for my meal which I did not like at all. It was more of a soup than anything. It also had a bad taste which I could not determine what it was. Very overpriced also.Great Thai place on magazine. Their menu is hugeeeeeee. I had the chicken pad thai which was delicious. Their pad thai is on the saucier side which I love (not the biggest fan of dry pad thai). Also tried the pad see ew and it was wonderful. It is a little on the pricier side-- $13 for my pad thai before tax and tip and that was the cheapest entree on the dinner menu. The portions are decent though (an entree is equal to 2 meals).This location is not as good as the Marigny one.  Veggies are overcooked and spares.  Pad Thai spicy ended up being noodles swimming in soupy hot sauce with no other flavors.  They never asked how spicy. Spicy apparently means HOT.Some good Thai food here.  Try not to order the  hottest seasoning unless you like your lips numb.My first thai restaurant since moving to new orleans, and ive been to MANY while living in san diego.
the food is good. several options i have never come across before, also. we tried the drunken noodle and the curry noodle. both were very good, altho the spice level was a bit short. that was easily fixed by asking for the spice rack. the food didnt blow me away, but definitely reasonable considering price and portion sizes.
i will definitely be coming again to try their other options. parking can get interesting due to the area it is located in.
highly recommended if you enjoy thai cuisine or considering trying it.So, I have ordered to-go from Sukho Thai quite a few times in the past, but never dined in until a few nights ago.  The food and beverage choices are always great.  I have had the red curry, green curry, pad thai, drunken noodle, and as of a few days ago, the kaffir lime curry.  All of them are top notch.  My only complaint is the speed and accuracy of the service.  I think the girl was new because she seemed stressed about having 3 tables.  It took her nearly 20 minutes to get our drinks to us, but she comped them even though we didn't ask her to.  She was also very polite and personable.  
All in all, I am a fan of this place and I recommend it to anyone in the mood for some good Thai cuisine.I just went for my 3rd and probably final visit.. Every time we go, we are hoping for a tasty, awesome dinner -- but they never fail to provide a lackluster dining experience. 
And the sad thing is, it's NEVER the food. The food is pretty dang good. I've now tried the Tom Kha all 3 times, absolutely delicious and creamy.  The curries are spicy and authentic tasting, and the noodles hold their own...
Unfortunately the service has been repeatedly subpar.. This last visit was with a party of 9 and after the water was served, we didn't hear from anyone for a solid 15 minutes. And the restaurant was sparsely populated. In total, we were checked on maybe 2 or 3 times. Long gaps of nothingness and waiting. Forgetful service. Overall quite lame, as agreed upon by all of us.  They must have been ashamed with the service, as they extended us the "family discount" which was super cool of them, and fetched them the 3rd star on this review.. 20% off the bill. 
We MIGHT be back if the Thai cravings hit hard, and all other options are exhausted. It's just sad to see tasty food be spoiled by deplorable front-of-house service. Pick your game up boyz!!We've been to Sukho Thai in the past, and it's just "okay" to me. When my party of 5 people arrived for lunch today, we were sat without menus. After waiting for the server to return for several minutes, I ended up grabbing the menus from the host stand myself. When he visited our table for the first time after seating us, he brought waters for everyone, which was nice, but we had to stop him from walking away to place our drink orders.
After that, however, things improved. The server apologized, saying that they were short-staffed that day, and he was fairly attentive from then on. I got the Veggie Pad Thai, which wasn't bad. It just didn't wow me. On the other hand, my husband got the Kaffir Lime Curry Tofu and said it was great.
If you're going to go, I'd recommend checking it out for lunch, as the specials are pretty reasonable.This place is fantastic. The service is fast and everything on the menu is delicious! I especially love their vegan menu. From noodles to curry to vegetables to cocktails, nothing disappoints! I've tried other Thai places and every time I'm upset I strayed away from Sukho Thai. The owner and manager are very attentive if you have any issues with service which is another plus. Yes, they're a little pricey but the other Thai places are too. There's a nice atmosphere, good happy hour specials so I think it's worth it.First time I came here, there was hair in my roommates food! Yuck!! As an apology, we received 10% off of our bill. Yippee??? 
The second time I came, my friend ordered the glass noodle soup, but when she received it, the glass noodles were nonexistent! When she informed our waiter, he said "oh they just sink to the bottom sometimes." 
I'm pretty sure my friend tried to scoop noodles from the bottom of the bowl before informing you sir! 
Overall, I think the food is decent but it's the little details that they need to get together!Delicious food. Service was a bit out of it, but my thai green curry was very yummy and spicy.new location.   some changes tho in menu.   I ordered drunken noodle and got drunken SKINNY noodles not thick     
I got order to go and it seemed small for the price.
still good, but def things have changed a bitPanang Duck Curry is perfection!!! I will be back for more!! The service was wonderful and the atmosphere was chill.Awesome new location on Elysian Fields. Great decor and live music with a back patio.Having a great night at SukhoThai with my great friends. We met our waiter, Dee Dee, and he is one of the best waiters we've had: funny and really friendly. I ordered Pineapple Seafood Curry and it's really good! My friends enjoyed their dishes, too. Probably one of the places that we would recommend in New Orleans if you are into some Thai food.Somehow I can't go more than five days without eating Asian food otherwise my gut starts revolting. So after being in NOLA for nearly a week I couldn't have anymore delicious oysters or grits or fried anything anymore. So we hiked a bit to marigny which was a cool neighborhood and went to the closest thai place that was open. I think many place in NOLA are like this - kinda looks rundown from the outside but really spacious and beautiful on the inside. It was a welcome relief to my stomach to eat the food. Had tomyum with fish spice level 3 which was gooood. Prolly coulda gone level 4. Had the holy basil with chicken which was good with lotsa crunchy veggies at spice level 2- prolly coulda gone 3 but our server brought us their spice rack which had four awesome spices and hot sauces. Used up most of their sambal olek. Got their drunk enough noodles with beef which was way too sweet for my taste. Our server was really attentive. I didn't see any thai people but that's cool. The food hit the spot. At least enough til I got home and ate a bunch of kimchi.The Sukho Sampler was great. Rad na noodles, larb gai and Shrimp with Kaffir Lime leaves spectacular. Service with Colin whom proved to be as nice as he is beautiful! Must try!!I had the Pad Thai and it was amazing! Came back again a day later because I wanted more before we left the city. Love the vibes inside. Friendly staff.My partner and I visited today for lunch.  It was an easy walk from French Quarter.  Great atmosphere and very friendly staff.  The food was excellent and our server, Cat, was the best!  We highly recommend this place.This is a solid addition to the neighborhood. It is obvious that a lot of care went into the creation of this restaurant. I ordered a Thai Basil stir fry with brown rice and extra veggies and it did not disappoint. The decor is beautiful and very tastefully done. The staff is friendly. I was there on a busy night and the kitchen was a bit backed up slowing down my order. The food came out hot and The wait didn't bother me though. Oh and they were playing some good unpredictable music selections.Great place! Clean and nice environment! Great service! And very quick service. The food was great. We had the appetizer sampler. Only downfall is that there wasn't more for the price on the appetizer dish! It was so good! I got the chicken pad Thai which was awesome but I'll probably try to veggie pad Thai next time since the chicken was a bit dry. My family loved their dishes and can't wait to go back!This would be a good date place.  It is a little too expensive for me to eat here regularly.  I love that they have a section for vegans - it makes it easier for the wait staff and me.  I've been twice and I wouldn't say it is very authentic Thai-American food, but it is good.Excellent Thai food with many vegan options. Even my pickiest eater loved this place. Dined in for my daughter's 21st birthday and the staff went out of their way to make it a memorable experience. Since then, we've gotten takeout a few times and have never been disappointed. Favorite dishes were vegan dirty noodles, vegan yellow curry, and vegan pad Thai.The actual bomb. Friendly staff, speedy service, and banging food. It's a nice breather from the hustle of Frenchmen. Great atmosphere. #sukhoforthewinAlways great!! Beef boat noodle soup is the bomb! My daughter in SF is always sad when I send her a pic.Love this place. Authentic flavors, fresh good and good service. The drinks are tasty and the restaurant is very well run.We waited quite a long time to be acknowledged by our server and the food was very slow coming out. We were pretty frustrated and almost walked out. When food finally arrived, it was just ok.I ordered Chicken pad Thai. It's way too salty and a bit sour flavor which wasn't what I expected.We ordered takeout. My husband came home with someone else's order. I called immediately. They told him to come back and to bring back the the other food. Yuck. My husband wasted over an hour going back and forth. And barely an apology for his troubles. Bad customer service. The food however is good.Looking for a hot meal suitable for myself (a vegan) and my friend who is gluten free and dairy free we lucked out finding this gem of a restaurant! 
The staff were so friendly and knowledgable on the vegan options, which are clearly shown on the menu. I have been 'once bitten twice shy' of Thai restaurants saying a dish is vegan and later finding out they have fish sauce or shrimp paste in the curry base so this was relieving to see it in black and white and there were still plenty of options. 
I had the most delicious noodle dish and my friend had a curry which actually wasn't as hot as she had expected (they have a heat rating system) so they brought her extra chilli to make it hotter. 
The only criticism would be the pudding; I ordered the mango sticky rice and it was very nicely presented but done slightly differently to how they do it in Thailand or in other Thai restaurants I've been to. Personally I prefer the more syrupy dressing rather than the one I had there which was more like just a coconut cream, and I also thought the portion of the dessert was quite small for the price, compared to the other apps and entrees which were generous sized.I'm a local so I love the new location. Its much easier to park. The food is very good, but expect some twist from  trad Thai food. The place is oh so chic and the service is excellent.
This is the place I recommend to tourist when the have had their fill of po boys etc. , and where we often dine before we walk over to Frenchmen Street.  The pricees are mod, but not high.. 
The only down sides  its closed mid-day, so check the schedule before you go.Great food. Good ambiance. Service was fantastic. Curries weren't watered down as most places. Each dish had a different flavor to it and it definitely lived up to the hype. Good spot near Frenchman street to grab food right before going off to the night ... Make sure not to order a lot portions are really big.Yum!! SukhoThai has a lovely atmosphere, fabulous cocktails, and tasty Thai. We noshed on papaya salad, pad kee mao, dumplings and the tiger beef. Everything was fresh and well seasoned. They have lots of vegan and vegetarian options too. Our waitress was lovely and helpful... she even suggested a trip to the Hong Kong market. If you're looking for a low-key meal, that's high in flavor we recommend a trip to SukhoThai.Recommended to me by a local. Great food and service. Had the lime curry. Unique combination of tang and spice. Outstanding flavors. Will definitely come back next time I'm in town.The food was really good. Lots of vegetarian and vegan options. The service was a little slow but they were very busy otherwise a great place.It's difficult for my boyfriend and me to eat anywhere else because we love SukhoThai so much! We've tried most of the curries and have enjoyed them all. I've got a soft spot for their Sweet sausage fried rice. Seriously tasty. Tbh, the service there can sometimes be slow but we mainly order take-out or sit at the bar. Now, this is my favorite part....they have fresh coconuts in the back for ordering fresh coconut water!!! It doesn't get any better than that, folks. Recipe for making your crappy day better : Large order of red curry, Chinese broccoli, and Netflix.  Pat yourself on the back for doing it right.Great Thai food. Nice restaurant and ambiance. I usually get take out, which is very quick and tasty. Staff is always very friendly and I like that you can chose you spice level from 1-5.Headed to this place as l was looking for a place to eat after visiting Frenchman street around 9. This was one of the few places that I could find a place to eat in peace. The food was OK (I lived in Thailand for 6 months so might be biased) but the seafood noodles that I had was very generous with scallops. I had asked for "Thai hot" which I found had a bit of a kick so maybe go half way on spiciness level first.Most flavorful Pad Thai I have had till date.  Loved the 5$ specials on Sunday drinks. Thai breeze was refreshing. We wrapped with a chocolate lava cake. Great service and yummy food. Must visit.Finally found a great Thai place. We have tried several others but will always order from here when we want great Thai food.Visiting New Orleans and saw this spot as we driving by...we love thai and decided to try it, & it did not disappoint! Ordered from the lunch menu the peppery chicken & it was delicious!!Got pad Thai takeout and am regretting not getting it spicier. Mild is very mild! But amazing flavor! Can't wait to come back.My wife and I tried out this restaurant at the eve of our wedding anniversary yesterday and was very impressed with the casual yet intimate ambiance, the authentic and tasty cuisine and very prompt and friendly service! We are no novices to Thai cuisine and found the cooking in the same class as among the best in Los Angeles, NYC and D.C.! Definitely a must if you are looking for ethnic thai cooking!After leaving a friend's performance - I was looking for some take out for dinner.  The staff at SukhoThai on Royal were friendly and invited me to sit at the bar while I made my order.  The restaurant is really pretty inside - gorgeous stencils and paper parasols decorate the ceiling.  It's elegant and intimate with nice lighting. My order came out pretty quickly - I would not have had time to drink a beer at the bar -- and the food was awesome.  I had asked for Thai hot and it wasn't even really spicy.  The lemongrass tofu and the black pepper tofu were both really delicious - though similar to each other in flavor profile.  The lemongrass tofu was tasty but not much flavor of lemongrass.  I was definitely inspired to repeat my visit and recommend this restaurant to others as vegan friendly.  Also be sure to take a walk outside around back to enjoy the frog chorus at the water garden store.Really good Thai food. Nice variety. Great place to go for lunch for the prices and the quick service. I only like the one off Royal st though. The one on magazine doesn't leave all the juices on the plate and when I asked to add an item to my plate they only added like two pieces.Their food has got flavors! I am coming here again. We ordered vegan pad Thai and vegan dirty noodles, both the dishes had their own distinct flavors..A total thumbs up and yeah the Thai iced tea is must try here.My friend and I came here on a Sunday evening and were pleasantly surprised to find out that the Sunday drink special was $5 signature cocktails! I ordered the Thai Basil Orange Martini (Thai basil infused vodka, orange juice, guava nectar) which was perfect and not too sweet. My friend ordered the Celadon Mojito (silver rum, young coconut juice, fresh mint, lemongrass syrup, soda) which was also delicious. 
For dinner, I ordered the Vegan Eggplant Lover (Wok-fried Asian eggplant, green onion, bell pepper, and sweet basil in a fresh chili-garlic and fermented soybean sauce) which was simply amazing. 
SukhoThai had a great selection of dishes for all diets, so I definitely recommend making the short walk to the restaurant if you're in the French Quarter area.It was underwhelming. 
Bad service, mediocre Thai food in a not so thai setting.
They have good daily specials - beer, sake ...We are vegan and have been loving Suho since it was located on Royal off Frenchman. Have loved everything on vegan menu and still do EXCEPT that portions were cut so much that we were little hungry when we left last night. Usually we bring home food.]Wow. The old location of Sukho Thai in the Marigny had gone downhill but the new location is definitely an upgrade above and beyond anything achieved by the old location. I had lunch there the Saturday after Thanksgiving. The food and service was excellent.
When I get Thai, I am fond of drunken noodles with shrimp. I have had good drunken noodles with shrimp at two other Thai restaurants in the city. The noodles I had at Sukho Thai were amazing. I was surprised, actually. I guess it is a trend of better to best with me (see my review of Hong Kong Market, where I had the best banh mi and I've had good banh mi in this city).  
The mussels appetizer was really good as well. Definitely pour that little pitcher of sauce over them. 
The location is beautiful. It was a really pretty day and they had these big, floor-to-ceiling, door/window things open. It was a very pleasurable experience and I hope to eat at the new location again!The drink selection is amazing!  Interesting cocktails, good wine and sake selection, a loose leaf tea menu!   I had the Sake-tini, Tom Kha Gaa, Vegan Pad Thai, green baton tea, and black rice pudding.  Everything was really good.   The tea was excellent (I took the leaves home to steep another pot, too).  The service was a little slow, but they were very busy.   The staff was attentive and accommodating, all very pleasant.   I will definitely go back when in NOLA.  Also, you get 10% off with a check in.Mmmm I'm still dreaming of the food from SukhoThai. Great, authentic food, and very vegetarian/vegan friendly, which is hard to find for Thai food! 
I especially loved their Sunday drink special - $5 for a signature cocktail. My friend enjoyed their Thai Basil Orange Martini and I loooved their Celadon Mojito (silver rum, young coconut juice, fresh mint, lemongrass syrup, soda). It was so refreshing and perfect for lightweights like me.
I got the Waterfall Beef (seared flank steak with onion, lime juice, roasted rice powder, and basil, served with mixed greens) which is one of my favorite Thai dishes. It was delicious! My friend ordered the Vegan Eggplant Lover which was also amazing.Came here with a friend the other day and started with the Tom Kha soup with chicken. They let you choose your level of spiciness and I typically love very spicy meals, but decided to just get it medium since the soup was already hot temperature wise and I was sharing it with my friend. When the soup came out we were both surprised how spicy it was for the just the medium level. Overall the soup was very yummy. The chicken was a tiny bit dry, but not too bad.
For dinner we ordered the red curry with beef to share. Since the soup was spicy with just the medium heat level we decided to do the medium for our meal as well. The meal ended up lacking both spice and seasoning when we got it. The medium heat temperature was a lot less spicy for the meal than it was for the soup and we had to ask for hot chilies to add. It also tasted kind of bland so we ended up adding some salt and that made all the difference.  I never add salt to a meal and am usually seeking out lower sodium items so the fact that even I needed to add salt says a lot. Once the chilies and salt were added to our meal it actually ended up being pretty good.We were looking for an alternative to all the tasty beignets and fried chicken we were enjoying on our trip, so we went to SukhoThai. Perfect! Service was great, and we thoroughly enjoyed the spring rolls, Thai pineapple fried rice, and ginger tofu. Portions were good sized, so we had leftovers for dinner the next night!The food was so good here we stopped in twice. Wow,  spot on, right heat, great meals.  Love this place, yes!!Some of the best Thai we have tried in the city. We lived in the Marigny for about a month and ate there at least once a week - either in the restaurant or to go. They have a scale of 1-5 for spiciness, which makes it easy to accommodate all ranges of spice tolerance. This is the new location (recently moved here from closer to Frenchman Street) has a great ambiance with good (but not great) service. The red curry is excellent, as well as the peppery garlic wok (order with shrimp) and the cashew chicken. The smokin' salmon was just okay - a bit overcooked. We also ordered the lime steamed whole fish - if you order at a hotness level of 4 it is very spicy - and be careful of the red chilies! Also, Sukho Thai is a bit pricey, but we usually would take about half of our meal home as leftovers, so you get a lot of food for your money.WOW! I'm impressed! Great Thai cuisine! Nice setting, not too loud, and very spacious. 
I had the Dirty Noodles with chicken and it was really good. I asked for mild temp for the level of spiciness. Be careful about the spiciness. The noodles were wide and had broccoli mixed in with some type of sauce. The meal was excellent. Did not disappoint. 
Neil was awesome! Very pleasant and attentive! Shout out to the cook too for making this the most awesomest meal I've had in New Orleans so far! 
Get the mixed drink One Night in Bangkok! Oh my! Strong vodka content! You can bring in your own bottle of wine, but there is a $10 charge.This place is so good! Everybody has their own opions and bad nights. The best times to visit , is NOT during peak times or festivals. To enjoy the atmosphere and food. It is a small, quaint place. Hard to handle large rushes.  Just go and see for yourself. We have been dining with them since before they moved to this location, and have Never had a bad experience.  The wait staff are very attentive and helpful.  
Now on to the good stuff! We always get beef drunken noodles (shrimp wasn't our favorite). And crying tiger flank steak, with steamed veggies and white rice. . Ordered rare, as it's flank and might get tough cooked too done. It's always cooked perfect and delicious!! Comes with a dipping sauce...mmmm good! 
Now BE AWARE! You order your preferred spice heat level. The first time we went in. Ordered the Thai HOT....don't do it! We love hot food!! But this spice level is insane! So we compromise, And get medium,  with Thai hot on the side. Also the Tuna appetizer is very good too! Enjoy!
Happy Hour and daily specials as wel!I was in New Orleans on a spontaneous trip and ran into Sukho Thai. It was 3pm and didn't reopen until 5pm. I decided to come back. I'm am so glad that I did. The food here is spectacular! I ordered a Thai orange basil martini, grilled beef salad mild and red curry mild. The drink was perfection! The acidity with the herbal dances in my mouth. The grilled beef was perfect and their sauce phenomenal. The red curry was creamy and had tons of bamboo shoots and flavor! I loved it so much I came back a second time!
On my second visit I ordered a regular iced tea, the grilled beef salad mild medium, shrimp pouches and their chicken pad Thai. Again, all flavors bursted in my mouth. One of the best Thai foods I've ever had. All their ingredients are so fresh! Their happy hour drink specials are awesome too!Came for lunch. The chicken Pad Thai was excellent. Would definitely recommend coming here.Really really great Thai and very great staff. 
Our waiter was nice, made great eye contact, and made me want to come back! He checked on the table often, but not so much that we felt interrupted. Our glasses were constantly refilled (we got our food cooked to level five so we were drinking lots of water), and we didn't have to ask or wait. We ordered appetizers, and the table was cleared to make room for the main dishes. 
Drunken fried rice--dare is say it--is better than drunken noodles!! At five spicy level, the food had a mouthful of flavor and was just perfect! I didn't add a thing. 
The drunken noodles--my go-to--did not disappoint. I tried duck as my protein for the first time and it was really good! I highly recommend it, at a level five, of course!
We came right after lunch on a Saturday, so the place wasn't busy. Grab the ginger mint candy on your way out! I wish I had grabbed two...Nice place and easy to find, tasty food especially "Thai Hot Yum Nuea" ,and excellent services. If you miss Thai food when you visit New Orleans, go to this place. Highly recommend! :)
Please check-in with Yelp to get 10% off!!!Wonderful restaurant 
Decor location service and great food 
We ate Vegan and it was delicious 
Good timely service and food 
Would certainly recommend and go thereWe love this restaurant! The food is delicious and the drinks are fun too. Go for the happy hour, you won't be disappointed in the prices. (Tip: Try the sake martini)
I loved the dirty noodles (with a good amo seafood) and can't wait to go back and order them again.  The shrimp purses appetizer was very good as well. Another visit we had the duck drunken noodles. You really can't go wrong with anything on this menu. 
Also the service is quick and friendly.The only decent Thai in town. The spice level ranking is on point and I won't go anywhere else.Food is always great at this location.  I usually go for the drunken noodles, but branched out and got the crispy pork belly with Chinese broccoli.  Overall, it was great.  The pork belly was crispy, lots of broccoli, spinach and peppers, delicious sauce.  My friend got the three flavor fish.  It was a beautiful fried whole snapper, with tons of veggies and a delicious sauce.  We got the ahi tuna appetizer and were underwhelmed.  It was  very pretty, but very bland and served with what amounted to sriracha mayo and mustard.  
The reason I can't give this place five stars was service.  Our server, Kat, started out ok.  But when asked her opinion, she said she couldn't give a good answer because she doesn't eat meat or fish.  As my friend and I are both in the industry, this is a huge pet peeve.  I don't care if you are a vegetarian, lie or tell me what is popular!  Sell me something!  Next, my friend had to ask for a paper napkin to soak up the sweat from his glass, as a huge puddle formed in the middle of our table.  Then, to finish, she left all the dirty dishes on the table when she dropped the check.  Not one single thing was prebussed.  Even after we signed our slips, she never took a plate off the table.  We were one of three tables in the dining room.  Imagine what the next table saw as they walked in!Sukho Thai on Esplanade and Royal was a nice surprise. Locale is convenient to park and close to Frenchman. The staff were intelligent and helpful, especially with figuring out the restaurant.com certificate on the phone app, so they got a nice tip. On to the food. Spring rolls with peanut sauce were ok, but the peppery garlic shrimp with vegetables were spot on with spice! My wife had heavenly beef, which was just that. Excellent experience.I used to frequent the orignal Sukho Thai all the dang time when I lived in New Orleans.  I adore Thai food (it's a close second for me, after Indian) and decent Thai food wasn't exactly plentiful back in the NOLA heyday.  But man oh man . . . SukhoThai and its vegan menu - SO CLUTCH!
There happened to be martini specials on this festive Friday, so of course I HAD to indulge . . . when in New Orleans, yanno?!  Let me tell you, those martinis, they were hella stiff, but without compromising their deliciousness.  I may or may not have consumed three on accident somehow . . . 
Service was pretty darn attentive and prompt as the establishment was mostly empty on this particular Friday.  But what is this?  An entire vegan menu?!  Color me pleasantly surprised!  I conferred with the server to determine the best vegan course of action, as I'm often wary of fish sauce and oyster sauce all up in my "vegetarian" dishes in Thai restaurants.  Suddenly having numerous options was indeed awesome, but this gal was overwhelmed.  I ultimately decided on the Pad Thai because I can barely remember the last time I had consumed a vegan Pad Thai, aside from the frozen Amy's variety (which isn't half bad when that's all you can have!). 
Our entrees arrived fairly promptly and the Pad Thai was quite delicious and also relieving to consume it without the "is that fish sauce I taste?!" paranoia.  I've never purposefully had authentic Pad Thai (this lil vegan has been lied to once or a dozen times by other Thai restaurants) but the sweet, savory, and sour melding of flavors seemed goshdarn near perfection.  Hell, it was even quite delicious and did not disintegrate into a gummy mess the next day I heated it for leftovers.
Basically, I am loving the new Sukho Thai and relieved it's even better than I remember.  Will definitely be making a point to dine here during my next NOLA excursion.I am new to Thai cuisine, so i was a bit unsure of what to expect when a friend suggested going to Sukho Thai. I can tell you the experience was outstanding ! I had the Ahi Tuna appetizer, which has a light flavorful crust on the edges with a yellow curry dipping sauce and small chunks of mango. For the main course i tried the Pineapple Seafood Curry. It was simply amazing. Fresh shrimp and mussels along with pineapple, sweet basil, zucchini , red and green peppers , broccoli ,all in a delicious red curry that was deliciously creamy with coconut milk hints. I tried the 3 level spice, which had some heat but it was a flavorable heat, spicy but not where it overpowered the freshness of the ingredients.
Well this is the start of a fun food adventure now that i have tried Thai Curry and i will definitely not stray from Sukho Thai when its time to try new dishes as well. Great job Sukho Thai ! You've made a fan out of me !!Visited from Birmingham memorial day weekend. I love thai food so I yelped and figured we'd try this place...I got the curry noodle dish...overwhelming flavorful, loved this place. The food was beyond delicious. Def will be back next time I'm in NO.I love this place! The food is delicious and the staff attentive...it will do your body good.Food was amazing! I got the basil scallops. The scallops were perfectly cooked, green beans a little over cooked. Our server was awkward. Will definitely go back!Haven't been to Nola in 5 years.    I specifically looked up this place and it didn't disappoint.   Suddenly there was a party in my mouth..... Just like I remembered!Food, service, atmosphere,  is all great. Portion size is good also. Lots of vegan options, which is what we always order.
Love the Titos martini special.Awesome food and awesome ambiance. Service was great and friendly! First time in NOLA and this was the first restaurant we went to. And who said Nola isn't vegetarian friendly?!?!My partner and I had dinner at the Royal Street restaurant this past Saturday.  I had eaten there twice before when it was over near Frenchmen St.  
The atmosphere was good - "a clean, well-lighted place". 
For appetizers, we ordered Tom Kha soup and Fresh Rolls.  Dinner was Drunken Noodles with Chicken and Drunken Rice with beef.  The food was excellent!  Quality ingredients and great flavor - I would give it a 4.5 stars.  
The bad part of the meal was the service - it sucked.
We were seated right away and were given waters, but it took almost 10 minutes for the waiter to come by after serving water.  I had ordered a martini (was excellent) and it took almost 10 minutes to be delivered - and the place was maybe 20% full.   I had to ask the maitre' d if I could order a second one.  She found our waiter and he took care of it, but come on, check on the table occasionally.  
I probably will return, because you cannot beat the food and drinks....they just need to work on the service.
Good luck.Love the new location it's beautiful space, same great food, service is really great.  And now they have a BAR! 1/2 price wines on Wednesdays.Wonderful Thai food; I'll remember this place for when I inevitably relocate to New Orleans. The ambiance is beautiful and relaxing and the service is attentive.
My friend told me they do good noodles, and boy was she right! I ordered the "dirty noodles" with tofu (aka pad see ew) and an appetizer called Mieng kham. The latter, four green leaves each filled with coconut, cashews, onion, ginger sauce, etc., I'd seen pictured on their Yelp page, but couldn't find on the menu, and the server was kind enough to request it for me.
The pad see ew came in a respectable portion along with a serving spoon, presumably for family style dining. The flavors were spot on, there was plenty of crispy tofu, and the veggies--broccoli, carrots and something leafy--were all cooked well. I must confess, however, that upon tasting my companion's drunken noodles, I slightly preferred them to mine.
Next time I'll skip the app. The Mieng kham was unique and interesting, and I'm a sucker for anything that resembles a lettuce wrap, but it cost $10 and for that, there just wasn't enough to it.
Overall, an excellent place in a gorgeous location. I'm sure I'll be returning at some point.Chill and very relaxing place to have lunch and dinner. Every time I come we order the sweet sausage fried rice and veggie egg rolls .. it's really goodThis place is wonderful. Some of the best Thai food in New Orleans. I always visit when I'm there. I like both the FQ location and Uptown locations. My favorite is the spicy eggplant with chicken.I love Thai food but I haven't really explored the Thai food scene in New Orleans (would love suggestions, Yelp!) I went with a friend who is Vegan to SukkoThai and was really impressed. 
The space is hip and fun, but pretty casual. The service was friendly, helpful, and fast. Our waiter was really attentive in pointing out their different spice options. 
We are both boring and wanted Pad Thai but it was great - big portions, fresh vegetables, perfect amount of spice. They have an extensive menu including vegan and gluten free options - and not just a few options marked GF or vegan, an entirely separate menu! 
They also have a full bar menu including bar specials. 
Better yet - there was a check-in deal on yelp for 10% off your meal when you check in! 
Solid Thai place with solid service and delicious food -what's not to like?We are lovers of spicy  authentic Thai Cusine and Suko Thai has the solid reputation for consistently  serving the best Thai food in New Orleans.
I was lucky to be introduced to Thai cusine in the early 80's in Seattle.  A small restaurant serving the Thai community instilled in my pallette a fondness for the various flavors and textures inherent in this ethnic style.
We decided to check out this new location on fathers day.  Usually we avoid new restaurants till they have worked the kinks out but since we knew this staff from the other spot we planned our meal with little concern.
The food and staff were equally superb.  It is not easy to compete in New Orleans.  Suko Thai has a solid reputation. 
Every dish from the appetizers to the desert was expertly crafted.  Our whole party had a great time.  We will be back soonThis is my first time at this location. The flavor and spice here are perfect! Angie was our waiter, she was attentive by regularly filling our waters, and she was nice. She also had no problem taking the 10% off for our first visit. I really wish I could do 4.5 stars, the only reason I have it as 4, is because we are Thai snobs. It's high on the list, number 1 in town, but not our number 1 overall. Big pro: this location (vs the Magazine location) doesn't charge for extra sauce, whereas the other charged us $1 for extra sauce on the drunken noodles.Great Thai!  Love the Drunken Noodles!  Now with a full up bar!  Perfect!  Highly recommend the crab dumplings.  Also love the shrimp Tom Yum! And you can order how hot you want almost everything.  Thai Hot is not for the meek!Don't let the three stars fool you.  You will find good food at this place, and I love that they have so many vegan options.  That's pretty rare to find anywhere, let alone New Orleans.  I am rating them down because referring to this as a "Thai" restaurant is somewhat of a misnomer.  It's more like "Thai Influenced Asian Fusion," which isn't bad, but definitely more accurate.  
Part of my disappointment with this restaurant may be me, too, because I just don't think of myself as looking as old and decrepit as I must look when I order the spiciest level of food on their menu, and I'm brought food that's about as spicy as a grilled cheese sandwich with the caveat, "If it's not hot enough for you, let us know."  To me, that's like going to buy a sports car, and having the salesmen show me a four-door sedan.  It's like going to buy running shoes, and being offered orthopedic loafers.  It's like going to buy a condo on the Riviera, and being shown a crypt at the morgue.  OK, I get it.  They think I look too old to know what I like, too old to handle spicy, and too old to eat their cooking without hurting myself.  Hey, I saw the different levels of heat on the menu, and I saw their warning about not taking back any dish that is "too hot," but, after what I've experienced here, I don't think I have to worry about too much heat.  Either that, or this is a "Spicy Food Speakeasy" where I can only get real, spicy food if I know the secret password, and knock on the hidden doors in the basement, see?
It amazes me that I can go to Asheville, NC high up in the Blue Ridge Mountains, and get Jamaican food loaded with Habaneros, and the fire I like, but I can't go to New Orleans, a port city, and get Thai food with any discernible thai chiles, or heat much beyond a toasted cheese sandwich.  Yeah, I could have sent my food back for more heat, but doesn't it make sense just to serve it the way I ordered it?  I have difficulty enough allowing some stranger in a strange, unknown kitchen prepare my food without playing some sort of back and forth Kitchen Tennis with me providing the character of Goldilocks - "This soup is too cold..."  
Anyway, all joking aside, and all insults forgiven, the place serves some pretty good food, just don't expect it to be too spicy unless you beg for it, especially if you look too old to possible enjoy spicy food.  
I really did love the freshness, the overall flavor, and the variety of the foods offered.  I like that they offer brown rice, an entire page of vegan options, and the new space is a big improvement over the old, smaller place a few blocks away.  Just know that their hours are a little different.  They open at 11:30 in the morning, and close at 2:30.  Then, they open up again at 5:30 for dinner until 10:00 p.m.  I'm OK with that as I hope it helps them keep their restaurant and kitchen cleaner.  It really is good food, but don't come here expecting Hot Thai.  You'll only be disappointed. Check them out here:
http://sukhothai-nola.com/Delicious food, generous portion size and reasonable price. A great variety of vegetarian/ vegan dishes! Tea selection is very good too! If I lived in New Orleans, I would definitely be a regular!I already loved Sukho Thai at the former location, and the new one is even better.
Not only the food is delicious, but the cocktails are too ! 
We had curry puffs (divine !) and eggplants as appetizers, then shrimp pad thai and green curry chicken. It was perfect and we enjoyed the left over the next day :)We love the new location! The service and the food was excellent and the new location is so nice. It has a real peaceful feel to it.
We had the Thai fried rice and the pad Thai. Huge servings. We both brought food home and enjoyed it late night! We also tried the shrimp in a pouch and it was pretty good. Next time we will try different entrees- the menu had a lot of things I'm ready to try. 
It was $5 signature cocktail night but we had drank the night before so we didn't try any but will  be back on a Sunday to try s few of them!Pretty good Thai food in the marigny! I had a groupon to here otherwise I probably wouldn't have tried it, since the food is a little pricy. My boyfriend and I shared the shrimp pineapple curry and the red curry. Both curries were flavorful and good sized portions. However, the prices were a little steep for what we got. The restaurant itself is cute and the wait staff was friendly and attentive. I don't know if I would choose to go back because of the high prices but if they had another groupon, I would definitely buy it!
Food -- 4 stars
Price -- 3 stars
Service -- 4 stars
Atmosphere -- 4 starsSince returning from SE Asia, I've had an undying urge for more Vietnamese and Thai food. In fact, my body is still in culinary shock after almost a month of being back. So in my quest of bookmarking every well-reviewed Asian joint in and around town, I finally make it to the place I've heard so much about. 
I've eaten here three times already in the 3  1/2 weeks I've been back. I first dined at the uptown location and then two take-outs from the Royal street restaurant. The atmosphere in the Magazine location is my kind of space. Inconspicuous from the outside but once you walk in, it really (literally) opens up. A warehouse vibe with skylights above a comfy decor of furniture and a bar catered towards a popping, Friday happy hour crowd. 
Service was good (uptown) but the food was great! At the behest of my friend, I ordered the beef pad Thai at a level 3. The heat you can add to the dish ranges from 1-5. I was told a 5 was just unbearable and a 4 would still knock your socks off, so I chose a happy medium and it was mouth-watering delicious. I believe my friend was doing a good bit of talking but when I tell you I did not come up for air until I was done; it was pretty dang good!
If you go with it, don't forget to squeeze that lime all over as it activates the heat in the dish. Trust me, it's a winner. I also had the chicken pad Thai the other day and, again, magnificent. 
Prices aren't too high but after coming from Vietnam and Thailand, the prices in the states are easily 10x's as much but what are you gonna do?
Try em, it's worth the "splurge"